3	With all that Las Vegas has to offer on the culinary scene, one of its weakest categories is Barbeque. Barbeque in Las Vegas has been a joke that just doesn't get funnier with each telling. It's apparent that Vegas needs Barbeque, because there is always another joint being opened up by someone who has no idea how to make Barbeque.The few places that do Barbeque right in this town get everything else wrong. Remember, Barbeque is working man's food. It is supposed to be affordable and in large quantities that satisfy the hungriest cowboy - an idea that Lucille's has completely forgotten. It is also supposed to be rustic and down-home, served in off-the-wall joints with billows of smoke flavoring the neighborhood - something you won't get at the Wisconsin based Dave's.Then comes Big Paul's BBQ. You've never heard of it, it not a chain. You've probably never seen it, it sits quietly on a simple strip mall corner of western Flamingo Ave. It's rustic, it's understated, it down-home - in-other-words - it's almost perfect.Ribs, Chicken, Links, Brisket, Pulled Pork and Catfish are just a few of the menu items to choose from. I had the Brisket and Ribs combo - 3 full pounds of deliciously smoke meat a couple of sides and bread.The brisket was perfectly tender, with a beautiful ring of pink on the outside as proof its slow-smoked preparation. You could tell that Paul left the fat on the brisket during the smoking process. The ribs were equally well smoked and fall-off-the-bone tender just like the brisket. I got both without the sauce, because I like to taste the Barbeque itself before the sauce has its affect. The BBQ Beans were definitely delicious, the green beans were canned and one of the few detractions to the rest of the meal. The dry ribs were evidence that Paul doesn't do much to season the Barbeque during the smoking process. Although some prefer their Barbeque this way, I have always been a bigger fan of a dry rub or a vinegar wash during smoking.All-in-all, the meat was delicious and the spicy BBQ Sauce was pretty good (next time I will try the regular BBQ Sauce). Big Paul is from the Houston area and he holds true to the region's Barbeque roots. I think with time, Big Paul's BBQ could definitely evolve into a local gem. It gets 3 stars now, but I can see it moving up to 4 in no time.
4	The second BBQ restaurant at this location post Shish Kabob House.  I was a fan of the last place and the only person to ever write a review on it :(  The menu seems to be about the same as the last with a couple of additions to the sides menu and some pretty good food combos for 2 or more.  It was July 4th.  I left work late and we didn't feel like firing up the grill.  My initial plan was to just go pick up Famous Dave's but ended up taking a quick right while driving west on Flamingo due to this overpowering smell of barbecued meat!  What the heck right?  Better off supporting a local mom and pop place than a megachain anyways.  I ordered the combo of baby back ribs slab, 20 hot wings and 2 large sides for $24.99.  The slab of ribs with 2 small sides was almost $20 so this was a no brainer for $5 more.  The ribs were pretty awesome.  They had a fantastic smokey flavor to them that one could only get by slow cooking those babies all day.  Wings were pretty standard.  About the same as any other pizza joint in town but good enough.  The cashier recommended the red beans and rice along with the macaroni salad for sides which were both spot on.Already planning on getting the brisket and pulled pork for my next order!
3	Big Paul's is one of the better rib joints in town. The ribs actually do fall off the bone.And the BBQ sauce is spicy and sweet.I'd go back but only if I were in the area...like getting a foot massage at Best Foot Massage which is right around the corner.
4	This little gem we found on our trek for a good replacement BBQ place after our favorite place Outlaws closed. The meat was tender spicy BBQ sauce savory, and I love that it's a family run business. We had the pleasure of making Big Paul's acquaintance, so hospitable and accommodating. I think we've found a new spot :)
4	Man this is some really good BBQ... Before finding Big Paul's I would either go to Famous Dave's or Memphis Championship BBQ. Finally some decent Texas BBQ in Vegas. One look at the meat and you know it's been cookin' for awhile. I've been here twice so far and both times got the brisket. I wanted to try the other stuff but the brisket is so damn good! Some real good smoky flavor, nice and tender. I tried both the mild and spicy sauces. They're both good but I lean more towards the spicy. The only sides I've tried are the beans. Initially I thought they were just ok but the more I ate the better I liked them. It's a mom and pop shop and the place isn't much to look at but who cares the food is awesome. It's not as cheap as I thought it would be. I spent almost $40 the last time.  For that I got 2 1lb orders of brisket, a half lb order of the chopped pork, and 3 small sides of beans. But even still I don't mind because it's that good. The only negative I would say is that they do not give enough sauce. A small container for a pound of meat isn't enough. If you want extra they charge $1 extra per little container. Beyond that can't really find any gripes. I really enjoy the food and will definitely be going back.
4	Wow, I was not expecting to like this place.I had just come from losing a lot of money at the casino, so I was feeling really depressed and down on my luck.  I decided to check out this place, even though my expectations were at zero.  I've traveled all over Vegas in my quest for the best BBQ place and I've been consistently disappointed at every turn, so I figured this place would be no different.I ordered the "Bounty Hunter" two-meat combo with brisket and pulled pork (they were unwilling to offer baby back ribs, to my dismay)...and it was delicious.  So soft and flavorful.  It's a little dry without the BBQ sauce, but the sauce itself is so sweet and sassy, I didn't mind drenching my meats completely.  I'm going back to try the baby back ribs next time.  If it's as good as I think it will be, I'll definitely bump this place up to a 5 star rating.My biggest gripe is the bread that they served with the meal...I was expecting garlic bread or something, but it was just a toasted hamburger bun.  Also, they only served can drinks (even though I saw a soda fountain there--out of order?).  And, as is typical at a lot of these BBQ places, the prices are really high.  Yet somehow, despite the fact that I lost more than $100 that day, I left feeling somewhat contented.
4	Used my Yelp App on my phone while driving around the area. Found this place and suddenly had the urge for bbq. Not only that, I got 10% off from their announcement deal from the app!As soon as I opened my car door, I took a whiff of the smokiness that fillled the air and that just totally got me in the mood..Lunch (and leftovers for dinner):Spare Ribs and Red Beans & Rice: I wanted riblets but they ran out. The lady told me that the Spare Ribs are exactly the same just bigger. It came plated with 3 large ribs, side of corn bread, bbq sauce and I asked for a hot bbq sauce as well. The ribs were delicious, not finger lickin' but just had a great smokey flavor. Not fall off the bone but just right. The bbq sauce was on the sweet side and the hot version wasn't much different just had a little kick to it. The cornbread was a mini muffin and nothing special. I didn't care too much for the red beans and rice. Beef Brisket: 1/2 pound of meat in between Burger buns = Hefty Brisket Burger. "Just right" to sum it up in 2 words.. Service was Great, lady at the counter was sweet and the owner was very observant. When I started working on the ribs my Brisket Burger wasn't getting any attention and was getting cool at the moment. He came over and placed paper cover over it. Why thank you, sir! Prices fair, Ribs and Brisket recommended and atmosphere was chill (staring at the smoker, for some reason may the food taste better).
4	I went back for the baby back ribs.  They were spare rib quality, not fall off the bone, tougher and more sparse than what I'm used to.  Still, the pulled pork and chopped brisket is some of the best I've had in Vegas, so I stand by my original 4 star rating.
1	I bought a groupon for this place since I was going to be in Vegas for business.  I got in on a Sunday evening and tried calling them around 6:30pm.  No one answers multiple phone calls.  I head over there and they say they sold out of food at 7pm.  I said I tried calling multiple times and no one would answer.  The owner just says to call tomorrow and pick up an order.I get out at around 4pm on Monday and try to call to phone in an order.  Once again, no one picks up multiple phone calls over a 30 minute period.  I'm thinking they must be really busy due to the groupon.  When I get there, there is hardly anyone there.  I order spare ribs, brisket, and chicken to sample.  They say it'll take an hour.  WTF?  I walk around the area for around 30 minutes and go back when the guy says my order is ready.  At least it wasn't as long a wait as he originally said.I try all of the meats and every single one of them is dry and not very tasty.  The sauce is decent, but there isn't enough of it to mask the dry meats. I think the beans and rice are decent.  But the service and meats were all well below average.
1	You advertised a groupon and now DON"T want to allow their use.We walked in to a Completely EMPTY restaurant on a Saturday afternoon. Proceeded to order for carryout and once you, Paul himself, saw that we had a groupon you told us "sorry it will be at least an hour and a half for your order".What the place is deserted, I asked .Response well we have cash paying customers ready to order and they are or will be in front of you".Even the people that walked in after us heard you and commented that was wrong and Left . Worse yet the 2 ladies leaving with carryout as we arrived said you were very quick only 5 minutes for their order. Get real  For a struggling business such as yours do you really or can you afford to run off ANY customers.Get serious .You have surely heard the old retail add-age that goes if a customer has a good experience they tell 3 people if they have a bad experience they tell everyone. In today's world with the internet blogs and review web sites that are available believe me I will tell everyone ! And I will take joy when your fairly new and already  struggling business shutters the doors forever ! You obviously skipped the customer service part of retail training ...
3	Edit:  Normally after a bad first experience, I would just not return and in this case, I would just ask for a refund from Groupon (which is super easy) but I really like BBQ and this places is very close and convenient to my home so I decided to give it a second chance.The BBQ is very good, maybe the best in Las Vegas. If I was just rating the food it would probably get 5 stars, but I have to consider the whole experience.Back to the Groupon part of my dissatisfaction:  http://www.groupon.com/las-vegas/deals/big-pauls-bbqYour supposed to get $70 worth of food, the discount is the cost of marketing and acquiring a new customer. I'm exactly the kind of customer these places want to attract. I spend a lot of money out on food every month and I will often try out new restaurants using a discount and then be a return guest without a discount.They absolutely do not give you what they say your are going to get.The two slabs of ribs was really about 1.5 at the most, they chop them up before they put them in your to-go box to hide the fact they shorted you.The large sides are supposed to be 16 ounces according to their website.  They are actually 12 ounces (yes I measured them, because I was already leery about the place). I mean come on, Seriously, how much does 4 ounces of baked beans cost. Give the portion you say you are going to get.The other crappy thing about their offer is they have nice sides like candied yams, Black Eye Peas, and Corn, but when you try to redeem the family pack they only offer you a few basic sides and not their entire sides menu which is all priced exactly the same ($3.99 for 16 oz)You get about $40 worth of food, and the food is actually very good, it's to bad they try to short change you to make up for their discount.( They only get about $17 from Groupon) Typical restaurants like this run about a 35% food cost, so $40 worth of food (not the $70 its supposed to be) would cost them about $14. I don't think they realized until after they made these promotions. Or maybe they just make these offers trying to survive (cause Groupon sends them the check right away). I really don't know, Only Big Paul knows but the summary is you definitely don't get the amount of food your are supposed to when using a discount.The place also needs a thorough cleaning and organization, the cashier where there computer is setup is a major mess. I really have mixed feelings about posting here, because I'd like to actually return to Big Pauls, the BBQ is that good but their deceptive business practices really bother me, and my publicly posting bothers me too as they might read my review and recognize me and ??If they cleaned up the place and were a little less deceptive on their offerings it would be an absolute Gem of a BBQ joint in Las Vegas.Big Paul, If your reading this I wish you  the best of success, but you will need to clean up the joint in more than a few ways if you want to succeed in the longterm.Original review Below:This place is a joke. If you are using the groupon they offered a few weeks ago, they treat you differently than if you are a "Paying" customer.I called to redeeem the "Family Meal Package", but was told that they had sold out of them for the day. I asked if I could substitute some other items since it wasn't my fault they ran out of food. The quick and rude 1 word answer= NO. I asked if I could subsitute some other items like "Beef Ribs" and pay the difference in price =NO.I asked to speak to Paul (the owner). He matter of factly told me that they had already redeemed 65 packages (seems like BS to me) for the day and were sold out of the promotion for the day, come back on Tuesday. I said, I wanted BBQ today, not on Tuesday. He said "If you don't like it, just call Groupon and ask for a refund ???"After a little further complaining from me about this being counter intuitive to good business and the whold idea behind using groupon is to attract new customers not chase them away, he gave me the song and dance about how he was just a small mom and pop place that can't afford to give food away every day, that's why they have limits in place, yada, yada, yada.Needless to say I was rather irritated.  I decided to call back about 5 minutes later using a different phone and no coupon. Miraculously, they now had the items that were previously sold out. Talk about shady & unethicalHe didn't have a problem cashing the check Groupon sent him, but seems he doesn't want to pay it back in a timely mannerThis guy might no BBQ (didn't actually try it) but he doesn't know caca about how to run a business.Caveat Emptor (Buyer Beware)Jason
5	Let me keep this short and simple. I had already purchased my Groupon when I first read some very negitive comments about the food and service at Paul's. So I called to place my order and the phone was answered by Paul himself.  He could not have been nicer. He was patient and answered all of my concerns. We settled on a convenient  pick-up time for me later in the week. I ordered the Family Dinner Package and when I arrived at Paul's at the appointed hour, my order was packed and ready to go. The quality of the service was exceeded only by the quality and the quantity of the food. Everything was cooked to perfection. The meat was falling off the bone. 40 wings, half hot, half barbeque, wholey delicious. Candied yams and cole slaw delicious. A whole chicken, delicious. Forget Dave's. Forget Lucille's. Paul's got the best barbeque in Vegas. Thank you Groupon for showing me the way. I'll find my way back on my own. Dr. Lou
4	Although I live pretty close to this place, I've only frequented this place the last couple of months. I wanted to go there a few times before writing my review.I like BBQ, especially slow smoked meats. And their smoker is great. You can see it smoking in the side-patio. I've tried their spare and baby back ribs, pulled pork, beef briscut and hot links. I like the tenderness and smokey flavor they all contain.For the sides, all I've really tried, but really like, are the BBQ beens.The negative reviews seem mostly to do with Groupon. Like other business, it seems like they probably overextended themselves with their Groupon deal!But I didn't do Groupon for them, so all was great for me!
2	Had a groupon for a family meal.  Gave us only dark meat (4 legged chicken anyone).  No breast meat (ad was for a whole chicken).  Also gave only small sides.  Not friendly.  Good ribs and beans-had better though and will not go back.
4	I am upgrading the review of Big Paul's BBQ, because this place is actually getting better.Pulled Pork, Spare Ribs and the coleslaw were really good and the Sweet Potato Fries were just the right side for a good BBQ meal.Just sitting in this joint, waiting for your food, is a olfactory delight. I need to plan my next visit as an eat-in so I can enjoy that smell throughout dinner.
1	Beware if you're trying to use a coupon from Groupon.  I made the mistake of walking in to place an order with coupon in hand and was told I needed to phone in my order.  When I pulled out my cell phone at the counter and proceeded to call and  place the order, I was told I needed to step outside to make the call.  I was also informed the minimum amount of wait time was going to an hour and a half.   No one was behind me in line so the order could have been taken.  In fact, the only people in the place were two elderly women sitting at a table waiting for their order.  I did not place my order but successfully received a refund from Groupon for the coupon purchase. The food smelled fantastic, but I refuse to do business with anyone who doesn't respect their customers.  I have subsequently filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau.
5	WOW! Paul was super friendly, walked right in and ordered. I am amazed at the size of the portions. The slab of ribs, was just that, I think Paul must have found the largest pig in nevada and smoked the ribs for me. I will have left overs for another 2 meals. Wife had 2 meats - brisket & chicken. The meat was fall off the bone cooked and incredibly tasty. Definitely been long smoked over wood. The flavor was All that and more. Thank you!
1	I tried to like this place... really, I did. They moved down to Flamingo and Pecos, in a dreary little plaza. (The same one that Metro killed a guy in last year...)The service is friendly, so that gives them a star. Well, the brisket is OK as well, but it's not worth a second one.Where did they go wrong? Well, the sides all seemed like they came out of a tin or container, rather than being made fresh. The beans tasted bad, the macaroni salad tasted like it came from Albertson's, and unfortunately, I've had better yams from a can. The rib tips were tough as leather, the pork lacked any real taste, and the sausage link kind of tasted like something from Hormel. They rushed to open in the new location, so when we went, they only had canned drinks available. The brisket was quite good, but, I just can't think of a reason to go back to this place. It's a real shame, because the place came very highly recommended.
5	The best BBQ in Vegas , my favorite is the rib tips, the also make some of the best fried chicken around. Great food all around. They have also moved to 3205 E. desert inn Rd, las Vegas, NV 89121. They been at the new location for only a couple of weeks
2	Had a slab of St louis ribs,my gf had pulled pork.Ribs were fatty,seemed reheated,and were already cut up,didnt look like a full slab.Corn muffins were a zero,I asked if the potatoe salad was made there.It tasted like the commercially made stuff from 5 gallon pails.Baked beans were great,and so was the pulled pork.I liked the spicy sauce and the mild was good too.Mediocre at best.I would give it another try except that with the filth in the dining area,counter and bathroom was unacceptable.I can only wonder what the kitchen is like and how old the food is.
1	Honestly, I'd give this place negative stars if I could. The food was ok, but as a paying customer, I expect to be treated with courtesy and not like a criminal.I live very close (less than 5 minutes by car) to this place and was very excited to have a bbq place in the neighborhood; so excited that when my cousin came to visit, I recommended we give it a try. We drive up there and place our order with who we later found out was the owner (yes, Big Paul himself). He was not the friendliest of guys, but the prices were reasonable, we were hungry, and the place smelled great so I overlooked it.We brought our food home and I was ready to sink my teeth in to a juicy smoked rib, only to bite down in to a tough, rubbery piece of meat that I literally could not chew. But the sauce was pretty tasty and we'd ordered other items so though I was disappointed by the ribs, I moved on to the brisket and pulled pork. Neither was anything to write home about, but the meat was at least chewable and as I said before the sauce was good. We finished eating and my pregnant cousin reached in to her bag for dessert, only to find that they had forgotten to include her peach cobbler. No big deal, we lived close and they deliver. She called the restaurant to inform them of the mistake. They did not offer to deliver it to us, but agreed when asked. My cousin also asked if she could be upgraded to a large as compensation for the mistake. The girl on the other end said "that shouldn't be a problem." The delivery guy shows up at the house with a small peach cobbler. My cousin asks about the large and the driver knows nothing about it. She repeated what the girl on the phone had told her and he said he would call and find out what happened. The delivery guy gets in his car to use the phone and a minute later we hear his car drive away, assuming he was going to get the large cobbler. We wait half an hour and then my cousin calls again. This time the owner gets on the phone. My cousin politely explains what happened to him and we were both STUNNED when the owner begins shouting at her and saying that he "waisted gas" sending his driver to her and if she didn't want a small, that was "her problem." Still in shock, my cousin explains that there must have been a misunderstanding. Still rude, the owner says that she can come pick up her money (which was only $2.99 by the way) but he was done with the whole situation. He would not even listen to her speak.  At this point my cousin is becoming upset (not to mention hormonal, because she is pregnant). She tries voicing how displeased she is with the way she is being treated and the owner asks her is she BELIEVES IN GOD!!! WTF?!?!? What did that have to do with anything? How unprofessional can you be?!  Incredibly annoyed by now, I accompany my cousin back to the restaurant. Again, it was only $3 but she still wanted the peach cobbler (again, pregnant).  We walk in and she says to the owner, "Sir I ordered a peach cobbler and..." Before she could finish speaking he opens the register and cuts her off to say "There's your money, now you can go." Shocked again, my cousin says "I would just like to say that I am very disappointed with..." He cuts her off again, "You made your point, now get out. If you don't leave now, I'll call the cops. I've got you on camera and I know your address." (Which was actually MY address because she doesn't live here in Vegas). By now, my cousin is PISSED. "Call the cops." She tells him, "I've done nothing wrong. All I wanted was to upgrade a small peach cobbler to a large, no one even bothered to ask me if I was willing to pay the additional money for an upgrade! I'm a paying customer!" He gets on the phone and dials the police. To avoid any trouble, we left the restaurant both disappointed and confused. As we are getting in to the car, the owner follows us outside to read off the license plate number to my cousin's rental car to the police (supposedly) on the phone. My experience here was so horrible and so disappointing, I will NEVER eat here again. I wish the opposite were true, but in my opinion bad service out weighs good bbq sauce. Never in my life have I been so disrespected and treated like a criminal just for ordering dessert. Especially when it was THEM who made the mistake in the first place. They really need to learn how to do business with people or they surely will not last long.
2	Ordered delivery from these guys last week, was pretty excited about a BBQ place being nearby that delivered!The delivery took almost an hour and a half. About 30 min longer than I was originally told.I got the three meat, two side combo for 19.99. The ribs and hot links were good, the brisket was just ok. Neither the baked beans nor the potato salad particularly impressed me. The real deal breaker for me was the sauce. It was just not good. It was bitter and tasted more like a vinaigrette than a BBQ sauce. Kind of a disappoinment. I hate to jump on the "Vegas has no good barbecue" bandwagon but every place I've tried has either been inconsistent (Adam's Ribs) or overpriced (Lucille's, Memphis Championship BBQ). If anyone has a good suggestion for Vegas BBQ I'm all ears!
4	My second experience with Big Paul's.  The first one we went for lunch in the restaurant.  I didn't notice the dirt everyone is speaking of probably because the aroma was overriding my ability to think of stuff like that.  I had the 2 item with brisket (not the best or the worst I've had) and pork ribs (delicious).  I had greens (could use some work I think he can do better).  This time I had a rack of ribs, wings, cole slaw and green beans.  The wings are pretty good, cole slaw was yummy as were the green beans (fresh).  I am very happy Paul's is in my neighborhood and delivers promptly.  I met him the first time and he was very nice- I don't know what happened in these other instances but I found him cool.Will be visiting here some more!
3	Originally I was going to get Subway for lunch, but once I noted there was a BBQ joint flyer stuck to our front door, my fiance seemed immediately interested in ordering, so we went ahead and jumped on the BBQ delivery boat... The guy on the phone was very pleasant, he even said at the end of the convo, "And I'll see you in 45 minutes!". So I guess that's the same guy who dropped off my food. We ended up ordering their $19.99 combo. 3 meats and 2 sides. We went with the ribs, brisket, and pulled pork. Delivery time was perfect, just about 40 minutes when our food arrived. As for the food. Pulled pork and brisket were pretty decent. But the pork seemed overly shredded. It will work well for BBQ pork sandwiches which I plan on making tomorrow for dinner. The brisket pulled apart really well, but the seasonings were not exactly right.. The ribs tips: meh. Fatty, and the parts that were not fatty were kind of like eating jerky. I'll pass on those next time. Sides. I ordered french fries, which I know is a terrible idea considering they have to be delivered, but I REALLY wanted some starch/carbs because I've been keeping them out of my diet for awhile. They were okay, and had some cajun seasoning on them. Macaroni salad... blah. I think it came out of a can or something. It was bland. Although the noodles were at least not soggy/gross. Extra side - I ordered mozzarella sticks because my fiance loves them. They were, um, kind of weird. I'm pretty sure they came out of a box and were just warmed up. Plus - no marinara sauce to dip them in. Womp womp. Lesson learned.Honestly I'd probably order from here again just because they deliver BBQ to my house, which is awesome and better than driving to Famous Dave's for super mediocre BBQ.
1	wings are good and sweet potatoes fries. the rest of the food is dry and the staff is rude. if you have a gift certificate they selectively decide when it's valid. will never go back
3	This is better than a lot of the BBQ choices in Las Vegas.  That is not saying a ton, but it's good.  I had the 2 meat combo, I chose chicken and hot links.  The chicken had a very nice smokey flavor, but was dry.  The hot links were flavorful, but I would have liked more heat.  I will say it was quite a bit of meat for the price ($15.99).For sides, I had potato salad, red beans and rice, and fried okra.  A number of other yelpers have commented the potato salad seems store-bought.  I agree.  The red beans and rice was good, but I could have used more flavor.  The okra was the star.  It's cornmeal crusted, not battered and deep fried like most places.  Very good, and quite a lot in the order.Drinks are 50 cents for refills.  This annoys me coming from a fountain.  I would rather they charge a quarter more per drinks and give refills.A lot of yelpers had issues with service.  I did not.  The employees I encountered were very friendly and helpful.  I will definitely return.
2	I wanted to love this spot. BUT........It's not good at all. I got the 2 meat combo with pulled pork and the brisket. The brisket was dryer than shoe leather and the flavorless sauce couldn't help mask it. And the pork, while not quite as dry as the brisket, it lacked in any sort of smoke flavor, or any real flavor for that matter. Got 2 sides with my combo, the baked beans were pretty good, while the potato salad was not to my taste or anyone in my group.One friend got the smoked chicken sandwich and another tried the sausage, the chicken was beyond dry and the sausage had a really odd texture as if it were over ground.Still waiting for a legit BBQ joint in Vgeas.
1	worst ever. DO NOT GO HERE! We ordered alot of food over the phone because we had a flyer on the door.So we waited an hour.And after an hour the guy called me and said "are you sure your in our delivery area?" wtf yes you put a flyer on our door. Oh he said well how do i get there? im on my way. Which was clearly a lie because i could hear the restaurant in the background. I said you have not even left yet? He called me rude and i said cancel my order and hung up. Worst service ever.
4	im a fan. i went for my birthday with the family. we ordered a $100 combo with some other things as well. i am not the biggest BBQ fan and dont consider myself to know much about BBQ but i enjoyed everything. i really like the sausage and fried chicken.i also had a to go order of the sausage jambalaya, which was my first time trying. i got the hottest number 5 ( not that hot) it was really good.
4	I like this place. Big Paul himself is always friendly towards me whenever I go in there. Brisket and ribs are my favorite. Love the spicy bbq sauce and the ribs are nice and meaty. Can't go wrong with the delivery specials.Only thing is...they need to get rid of the Cafe Verdi sign that is still on the east side of the building.Glad to have a good bbq spot so close to me.
4	Love this place eat here a few times a month for lunch always get the brisket special w/sauce on the side.Never disa pointed.
5	My husband and I are from Texas and love legit barbeque. We have dined in and also placed a delivery order. Both times we got the $19.99 3 meat 2 side deal with brisket, ribs and pulled pork and bbq beans and patato salad. Everything is fresh and the meat is tender and delicious, we definitly had plenty leftovers for lunch. The spicy barbeque sauce is highly recommended. Only down fall is the fried okra, we added a side of it both times and the batter seems too burnt and doesnt taste as expected. Staff is friendly and we will definitly be back!
4	First time i recognized this BBQ hole in the wall place while driving by. I got what I expected : good brisket and excellent coleslaw and macaroni salad.  The lunch specials are a good deal: it was fast and satisfying. The staff were all very nice. I plan to go back to try other sides of many listed on the menu.
2	Decor: Looks like a wild west gift shop.  Clutter, badly displayed and not very clean.Menu: confusing as the decor.Food quality: I ordered the pulled pork and got luke warm, under-cooked pork.  I ordered the "spicy" sauce and it wasn't even mixed into the meat.  It was just a glob of psuedo-solidified mess on top of the meat.  And spicy?  Not even close.This is not a place I will visit again, or recommend to anyone I actually like.
4	I'm a big fan of pulled pork barbecue, collard greens and black eyed peas.. and this place is a welcome neighborhood find.  SOOOO tasty.. and super friendly folk too -
2	Just ordered some food for delivery, and the person on the phone and the delivery person were both wonderful. Courteous, professional, welcoming.Sadly, the food was surprisingly bad. I ordered rib tips and brisket, and requested spicy sauce. I'm 99% sure I got mild sauce by mistake, but if somehow I did receive the 'spicy' sauce, then I'm offended by what they call 'spicy.' Either way, the sauce was dull in all aspects - not sweet enough, not salty enough, not packing any other flavors well enough. Besides the sauce being bad, it was poured over my meats in extreme excess, vastly overcompensating for their poor preparation. My food was DRENCHED in sauce, so much that I could hardly distinguish the meat from the soupy red mess.The rib tips had decent texture and were cooked satisfactorily, not much to complain about there, and definitely nothing to praise. But the brisket was somewhat like soggy cardboard. I was only able to eat about 3 rib tips and 2 pieces of brisket before I actually threw the rest of it away. I really hate wasting food, but there was just no chance that I could actually eat any more of this. The beans were ok - somewhat odd, but I can't put my finger on exactly why. I don't think I can directly criticize the beans, and I'll probably finish eating them as leftovers tomorrow.Nonetheless, I could tell that somebody probably knew something in their kitchen, and I could probably find something else on the menu that I would really enjoy. If I'm ever in a jam for some reason, I'll give them another try, and just avoid all of the items I ordered today.
2	A great man once said, "Most folks don't know no more 'bout BBQ than a pregnant sow knows 'bout Neiman Marcus."I was going to give this 3 stars because it doesn't really suck but it isn't really BBQ either. The style is what I would call East Texas Church Picnic; the meats are all overcooked and the sauce is way too thick and sickeningly sweet. OK, their sauce does really suck. The potato salad was bland and insipid as well.Brisket is the King, Here the king is undersmoked and over trimmed. Brisket for a Brave New World, or sadly just for the 21st century? I watched the video on their website and it appears they use modern digitally controlled ovens instead of traditional pits. These smoker/ovens produce a very consistent product but it tends to be a little sterile and soulless.If you like this style of BBQ and many do, go for it. I hope that maybe some of their Southern specialties are good but I doubt that I will return. After I read my review I could not justify 3 stars.
5	About once a month, for the past year, I have ordered delivery from Big Paul's BBQ, and I have never had anything less that perfect service - ordering, delivery, and especially the food!One particular time, they were a bit busy, and Paul himself delivered...incredibly friendly, and certainly appreciative of the business!The food is great...I can't compliment it higher!
3	Tried the brisket the other day, and it was excellent.  Juicy and tender, it's a definite re-order.  They put the sauce on top, next time I'll ask them to put it on the side, so I can just eat some brisket by itself.
5	Always a must when I'm in vegas.  The owner paul really has it down when it comes to BBQ, used to go to his old location for years.  My mouth starts to water with anticipation just headed here.  I have not ever had a bad item from this place.  His food is amazing, you just can't beat the taste of BBQ that is actually Cooked in a Smoker versus grilled like most places.  His sides are great as well, I usually hate cole slaw, but I could eat the one here all day.This place is defiantly worth going out of your way to visit, its nothing special to look at, but it seems as the best holes in the wall are always like that.Say Hi to paul, eat too much here, then take a nap.
3	A little background before I get started on my full review. As a teenager I grew up in Atlanta. Soon after I got my first car I would spend every weekend filling my car up with gas and driving in the hopes of finding a new barbecue joint in the middle of nowhere. Many weekends I was very successful others not so much. Since then I've made it a point to try every barbecue joint I get a chance to since I spend a lot of time on the road. Today I would say I was successful and this place is a success! The smell of the barbecue as I walked in the door was amazing. The lady behind the front counter was very courteous and took my order quickly. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time I ordered pulled pork and fried okra. It came out without much fanfare on a bun, dry with a bottle of sauce to go with it. Overall the pork was very good moist and flavorful. The fried okra was clearly made on the spot from scratch. Not the best I've ever had but certainly no slouch. Although the fried okra was a little bit overcooked for my taste. The restaurant was very quiet and there were no other visitors although I did come in at 2:30 PM. Overall I would say successful. I will be back. I saw a fantastic deal for chicken and ribs so I'll have to try that.
4	Not the best BBQ i've ever had, but definitely fan-worthy.  The best part about this place is that they deliver good quality BBQ with a pretty impressive delivery radius, and no extra charge.  My wife and I have ordered from here 4 or 5 times over the last month, and have tried most of their BBQ options, the Fried Chicken, and quite a few sides.  I have enjoyed it every time, and the flavor of their meat is very good, though i will agree with several of the other posts that they go WAY overboard on the sauce.  We like sweet sauces, and theirs has a nice tang to it, but MAKE SURE TO ORDER THE SAUCE ON THE SIDE.  I cannot stress this enough.  They put enough sauce on the meat to make it more like a BBQ soup.   .  I also recommend ordering early in the day, and getting their smoked ham.  They always run out of it by late morning or early afternoon, because it is phenomenal.
3	Good food overall but the storefront could use some work to make for a nicer dining experience. The place was clean and service was fine. I would absolutely order take out or delivery from here.
4	The meats were excellent and that's what BBQ is all about.Visiting LV and had a need for "Q". Took the family; three kids and two adults.  Happened to be near Paul's and chose it for the reviews.We didn't order a varied selection; spare ribs, baked potato with pulled pork and lots of sides that served as appetizers.  Beans, jalapenos, fries and mozzarella sticks.The ribs were excellent.  A little too much sauce but the meat was smoked and cooked perfectly. Meat almost fell off the bone.  Not too fatty and had a great texture.  Pulled Pork was cooked perfectly and tasty.Don't go for the atmosphere. It's a cold shopping center store front but that said, Paul's a sweet, charming guy and that made it great.  We'd go back.
3	Decided to give these guys another shot, and I'm glad I did. Ordered the 3-meat combo for 19.99 with ribs, chicken and brisket, plus a baked potato and baked beans. First off, the ribs were FANTASTIC. Next time I may get just a slab of ribs. The chicken was really good, the brisket was a bit dry for my taste. What really won me over though, were the beans. They are some of the best I've had in a long long time. HUGE improvement over last time.
5	I am a creole myself and have YET to find someone who can cook some food like my family. Fish was cooked so crispy but nice and soft on the inside. I'm usualy very stand-off-ish when it comes to restraunts calling themselves "creole food". But you guys earn my vote for sure!!!!Can I please have it everyday? :)
5	Great food ! Wife and I have to split one order there is so much!!  Is not 5 star restaurant but the food is good and service is great ! I recommend this place
1	My boyfriend likes this place but when I went in to pick up his food I saw a roach crawling on the wall ewwww disgusting never going back again
4	Pretty good barbecue.  I ordered the brisket which was good. The beans were tasty too. The service was good and it looked pretty clean. I will go back and try the ribs I think. Definitely worth a try. It has been good so far.
4	Place has A rating and appeared clean.Umbelievable menu range.Excellent cole slaw and ribs. So much food that I had to bring home.  Check out their $20 for 2 deals! Food good and prices as good.This is on my list as a place to keep going back! Seriously it has been years since I have had real Southern cookingYum!  Cannot wait to try their Friday night hickory smoked prime OR the catfish..
5	Love this place.  I wish I could make it more often!  The food is delicious and since my very first visit the owner has remembered me (despite my once every other month average) and has always provided great and friendly service!  The friends that I have referred here have loved it as well.  I'd venture to say it ranks as some of the best BBQ in Las Vegas.  Right up there with some of the chains!
1	So the husband and I wanted some good bbq. We get to the restaurant and  it takes fifteen minutes to order. Nobody was there but us and another guy.  He had already ordered. We waited over forty five minutes for our food.  So we sat down to eat. The meat wasn't seasoned nor tasteful. I ordered the greens, yams, and half of chicken. My husband had two meat combo, chicken and ribs with baked beans. The best thing was the baked beans and the orange soda. The rest was a mess. The meat tasted like it was boiled. No seasonings. Chicken wasn't cleaned. We were siting there eating when a cockroach crosses the table. Well that was the deal breaker.  We immediately asked for to go trays for our dog to finish.
5	I've had Big Paul's atleast 10 times in the last year.I've never been disappointed. Starting off with the Sweet Tea, it's always delightful and refreshing.The food is excellent. I can't help myself with the catfish AND shrimp Poboy. The shrimp is HUGE and tastes incredible. The bbq beans are always a perfect side dish. The sauce itself, spicy or regular, always does the trick. They never hold back on the meat. The food is typically messy, and good BBQ/Southern food is supposed to be. And I would know ;)They have a fairly good size selection of food. Missing a few things like some homemade macNcheese, but you'll suffice.Big Paul himself is a super nice fellow, and it's a VERY family orienated place.It might not be the #1 BBQ spot in town, I'm not sure what is just yet, but I'll always be a fan and I'll always go out of my way to eat here when I'm in that mood!
4	I'm sad to report that Big Paul's is not open any longer.  They wouldn't answer the phone on Saturday so I went over and they were gone.
1	Ate at Paul's when he was in the Sprouts center at Rainbow and Flamingo.Thought I would give it another go.1st time extra dry brisket and ribs .Hasn't changed,only the location. The brisket was like leather,jerky tasting.Ribs cooked to death where the meat had disintegrated.We had bbq chicken too.2 words,Rubbery skin.About as gross as it gets.Macaroni salad,prepackaged.Greens, old.Beans,bland,I think when you get to it I just hate the sauce.Tastes too much like bottled Kraft.There will not be a 3rd try.Rollin Smoke gets my $$.
1	This joint is CLOSED permanently as I didn't see a MOVED sign.
