4	Went there with a group of 20 last night. Large bar area, good sized dinning room, and we were in a decent sized room off the dinning room. large flat screen TVs encompase each room.  probably be a good place to catch a game. the servers are still getting used to place, but were very nice and gracious. service was a bit slow, and the food also came out slow; not horribly slow, but was noticeable. i hope it's just because they are still getting through their opening jitters. someone ordered 4 sets of their chips and salsa ($4.95) that came with very hard chips, tomatillo salsa and chopped tomatoes with a little onion and cilantro added. the tomatillo was good but the tomato side was boring.i had the full size Cajun Nachos (Half $10.95 / Full $15.95; Blue corn chips, Cajun blackened Louisiana mudbugs, blackened chicken, shrimp with Andouille sausage, pepper jack cheese, tomatoes, scallions, red onions and garnished with fried okra and sauce remoulade). it was a pretty good entree, but would be a great appetizer for two to share.  i couldn't finish it all, but someone else in our group powered through it!  very tasty mix for nachos.all the others in our group commented that the food was good, from the Jambalaya to the nachos to the club sandwich.we will probably go back and look forward to faster service and quicker food.
3	I'm on the fence about this place still. It could go down to 2 stars or it could go up to 4 stars. I'm currently exercising some forgiveness since it just opened and a few kinks are pretty much inevitable.When I walked in, I was greeted by 4 hostesses. Yep, 4. I'm assuming it was part of some kind of training. And, technically, I was really only greeted by 1 of them. The others just sorta looked on. I was asked if I wanted to sit in the bar or dining area (bar area includes high tops). I replied that the bar area was fine. The hostess then went back to the other 3 hostesses, conferred for a bit, and then led me to a high top in the bar area.The bar and dining areas aren't really divided at all. It's all one big room with no physical division. The dining area is all booths for the most part. The bar area is a long bar with stools and then a cluster of high tops, including some high tops that are part booth.Upon seating me, the hostess explained that the only part of the menu available was - the nachos. The rest of the menu is not available until after January 1st.And so I sat there for awhile. No one even so much as looked at me. Though, I counted at least 12 staff (hostesses, bartenders, and servers) milling around and there were only 4 other customers in the entire restaurant. But ok, I was waiting for someone, so maybe they were waiting until that person arrived. Nonetheless, seemed strange that no one took my drink order, brought water, etc.After the person I waiting for arrived, we continued to wait for about another 10 minutes. At that point, a woman who I assume was a manager came over and asked if we'd been helped yet. She then promised that our server would be right over and she took our drink order (stating that the drinks were on her). She was incredibly sweet and friendly. Things were looking up.The bartender, after being all befuddled at how our drinks could possibly be on the manager, brought us our drinks one by one. I was pleasantly surprised to find that the draft beer selection was rather decent. They have the standards (Bud, Coors, etc.), and they have the slightly better (Blue Moon, etc.), and then also have the way better (Snow Cap, 2 Below, Dogfish Head, etc.).After a few more minutes, our server arrived. She apologized for the wait and asked if we were ready to order. The nacho list is quite extensive and inventive (and you can also build your own). And all of the nachos are available as a half or full order. We settled on two half orders - the Buffalo Hot and Sloppy Daddy. At this point, we were informed that they didn't have the chips the Buffalo Hot is supposed to come with. Ok then, we'll just have it on regular tortilla chips.Our server was very nice and was good with timing, checking on us, etc. However, it definitely seemed like she was very new - new not only to this new restaurant, but new to serving. She was super sweet, but seemed a little flustered. In fact, I think the same could be said of the majority of the staff here. And by staff, I mean young, thin females with a strong preference for blondes. Possibly trying a little too hard for a Hooters feel.It seemed to take a while for our food to arrive, especially considering it is nachos. But it didn't take too long, so all ok. The nachos were pretty good. Good enough to warrant us coming here again. The chicken on the Buffalo Hot was just the right size and perfectly spicy (which in my book, is on the very hot side). The pulled pork on the Sloppy Daddy has a great flavor. And the best part was that they didn't skimp on the cheese. Unlike other plates of nachos, we were not left halfway through eating with a plate of chips and no toppings. The cheese permeated every inch of of the chips. They weren't the best nachos I've ever had. In fact, not even close. But they were different and they were yummy. The prices, though, did seem a little high for what you get. You can get full orders of nachos elsewhere for less than the price of the half orders here.The manager came over two additional times, asking what we had ordered (and making some small talk) and then again after the food had arrived (asking how everything was). Major props.The decor is nice and everything was very pristine. Several large flat screens in the bar area tuned to different sports channels. Even a couple of flat screens in the corners of the dining section. No gaming. No smoking. Music was neither too loud or too soft - primarily all Top 40.Overall, a decent experience and a decent place. I fully intend on patronizing here again, especially to see how it is after the kinks are ironed out. And ok, yeah, I might already be craving the Buffalo Hot nachos a little bit.
3	Food ok. Service below par. It seems bit amateurish, and would not suffer from some more experienced staff and management
4	I heard about this place and had to try it when I was in town visiting friends.  Was suprised to see so many horrible reviews.  We had no problem with timing or service and the nachos were amazing!  Now, I love nachos, so that is a big part of liking this place.  I thought the staff was super-friendly and it was a good place to get a beer and some yummy nachos.
2	Slow service waitress looked like a train wreck with piercings and tattoos from head to toe.  Ok I can overlook the insane look but then her greet at the table "hi" with a blank stare and then odd silence until I ordered a drink and told her I was waiting for someone.  Her service was horrible it was slow in the restaurant and she was never around.  The other staff at tables near us looked great and personable but this woman was a train wreck needs a job at a gas station or local tattoo shop.  The food was okay not horrible but sort of bland for mexican but I am interested in trying some of the other nachos that are offered on the menu.  I will be back again everything deserves a second chance but if the next time is anything like this visit my bet is on another restaurant failure within a year.
2	My husband and I went to Nacho Daddy hoping a new Mexican restaurant was opening in our area.  We were very disappointed when we arrived and were told the entire menu was not avail, only nachos and sandwiches.  Why would you open a restaurant and not have everything available?  When we looked at the menu, is was a disappointment because it is not at all a typical Mexican restaurant.  Not wanting to get in our car and drive to another place, we ordered nachos.  They were a big disappointment.  We ordered taco meat on ours, and it had more grease on the plate, than meat.  There were barely any chips on the plate - way too little food for the price.  The only bright spot were the margaritas - which were quite tasty.  The waitress was friendly, and everyone seemed to be very unsure of themselves.  It's a shame to spend big bucks to go into a location, spend big bucks to decorate and hire folks, then make a bad first impression. To the owners - don't open until you are ready.  Try out things for a week or so on "invited guests" then open when you are ready.  You have only one chance to make a good first impression.
1	After just about an hour of waiting for our 3 orders of various nachos we walked out...I think the wait was absolutly ridiculous and the waitress and manager agreed with me as well. We were excited about trying our nachos as there were numerous options to put on the "build your own nachos" page...All chips said they were made on site and my daughter who is so picky loved the idea of spam being on her nachos..Yes, my fellow islanders-SPAM is an option as well as kim chee-exciting huh? If we only we had 4hrs to kill then maybe we could have tried it!!! We waited and waited and waited and finally nothing!!!! The waitress kept telling us that it will be just a few minutes but after a while we knew tasting our nacho masterpieces was not meant to be...While waiting we were given house muffins(jalapenos inside) with honey butter- the muffins were so cold and sadly we did not enjoy these. As we stood up to leave the waitress let us know that there are 3 cooks in the kitchen and 3 managers all assisting the cooks trying to get food out-seems like mass confusion to me as it was not a packed restaurant at all!!! I know this is a new place (the waitress said they have been open for a month) but why open a restaurant if your cooks aren't able to handle 3 orders of nachos- nachos a dish that is in your name and supposedly your speacialty....Kinks should have been worked out within the first few weeks because the last thing you want especially now is for your customers to walk out because of the wait and not be able to even try the food.The waitress was nice and seemed embarrased by the wait herself and it was also said that a table before us also walked out because of the wait. She got the manager who was also apologetic and said that there was no excuse for the wait. So to compensate for our time there he gave us a $15.00 gift certificate to come back.Hmmm I'll have to sleep on that...
1	Terrible! silverware was not clean...service was super slow...food was mediocre...took about an hr to get food on lunch break and had to get it to go and order was incorrect as well...not my daddy to say the least!
2	The first time we went it was around 10pm and not too busy. There were a few other parties in the restaurant and it was generally quiet. Our waiter had energy and was friendly and attentive. We took two orders of nachos, the Buffalo Hot and the standard kind just to be safe. It took far too long for our order to come out, somewhere around 45 or 50 minutes. Considering how un-busy it was (most restaurants in the area close kitchens at 10pm and Nacho Daddy is an exception closing the kitchen at 11pm) I was not pleased. However when the food arrived we were so hungry and it was delicious enough that it was worth the wait. The standard nachos we got were a little boring (naturally) and the Buffalo Hot was unlike anything we'd had before, just awesome! All in all we decided we would return.This evening we decided to reward ourselves after a long day with another plate of those Buffalo Hot Nachos and some regular 6 pc. Buffalo Wings at Nacho Daddy. We walk in and there's no apparent hostess but everyone seems to be chatting at the bar sitting around. After a moment or two, they notice us awkwardly waiting to be noticed and someone comes over to seat us offering us "anywhere you'd like is fine!" with a smile. Dining area is empty except for one couple. We sit and our waitress comes out perky and nervous to do well. She takes our drinks and complete order and returns timely enough throughout the evening to check up on us, she did great on that part. Not so great on refilling our drinks or clearing our plates/finished appetizer basket. Order for the nachos came out really late again, this time they were cold even (although the waitress told us to watch out because the plate was hot? hahaha which may or may not have been true, we didn't care enough to check.) The nachos were all soft where they were cheesed and the cheese was starting to get solid again. We  ended up not finishing them because things aren't really appetizing when they're melted and then solidify again. There was a lot more to be disappointed about this evening but I'm not really bent up over all of it so it's not worth mentioning. The only heartbreaking part was our Not-So-Hot Nachos. Which, I really like the Buffalo Hot but after this I don't think it's worth going back again even if I do get a craving for them.Hopefully things get figured out and it isn't a Chef Ramsay intervention that wills customers back in a year from now.They're not THAT bad but, it was slow business-wise both times we went in and somehow the food was coming out slow. I mean, even if they ARE really good when they're hot, they're still nachos, does it take that long to put them together?Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house. If i'm wrong about them not being made in house then I'm sorry and they didn't look all nice and thick and bubbly (or taste) like regular fresh made chips that I'm familiar with. (Maybe they're frozen and then dunked to fry, idk.) And I'm not even really expecting this from them, but just suggesting that it would be really cool to get fresh, made to order, homestyle tortilla chips, especially when the place is called Nacho Daddy. I feel like THAT would be totally worth 10 or 15 bucks and a 40 minute wait. Assuming they're warm this time.
3	Awww - I'm so sorry to see all these horrible reviews on here! I went with my husband and a friend to check out "the place that just opened in the old El Jefe's" and what do you know - it was Nacho Daddy. The setup inside is pretty standard - dining room on one side, big bar on the other - and the atmosphere is typical "fiesta" style. No problem there.The menu IS kinda random because it's centered on all the crazy nachos they have (regular, sloppy joe, buffalo, veggie, cuban, etc), but then on the other side they threw in a bunch of other Mexican dishes, some sandwiches, and hamburgers. I didn't try anything from the back side of the menu, but figured we better stick to the namesake nachos. We ordered the traditional (large size to split) and I thought they were really good. Nothing outstanding - I mean, hey, we're only talking about nachos - but they used some really quality ingredients and everything had a nice flavor. At ~$13 for the full platter (2 of us almost finished it), they are a little more pricey than other places, but I think they're also a little better.Bonus to Nacho Daddy for a decent beer selection, and big (22-oz I think) domestics are only $4, and $3 during happy hour!Service was pretty average - nothing to write home about.Overall, I'll go back to Nacho Daddy if I'm in the area and feeling nachos (NOT Mexican!). Seemed to me that they're earlier service issues have been cleaned up, so hopefully everyone will be back to support a new local joint!
2	im not gonna lie, the main reason that we checked this place out was the name! i expected it to be an authentic mexican joint (it used to be a mexican restaurant). the decor was still the same as it was before. huge bar area and the main dining area was roomy as well. their menu comprised of mostly nachos (surprise!) and your typical bar fare. they had simple pastas, a couple burritos, salads, etc. since they specialize in nachos, they had a plethera of every kind of nacho combination you can think of. they had some novelty items on the menu like the nachos with meal worms, circkets, and scorpions for the more adventurous eater, or the hawaiian nachos with spam, pineapple and kimchee.i had the steak fajita nachos. typical steak fajita served on top of crisped flour tortillas with the usual fixins. it was pretty average. the amount of meat was al ittle disappointing. my bf had the fish tacos. battered white fish on corn tortillas.nothing too exciting with their food really. pretty average. just a good place to hang out and watch the game and eat appetizers i guess. catchy name though :)
1	Not Yo Nacho Daddy sucked balls big time! The only reason for the one star is for the company I was with who made the experience pleasant and also for the 80's music. We decided to go with the El Traditional Nachos full order for $13.95 and were completely disappointed. The chips were too thin to hold the heavy weight of tasteless toppings. The cheese was watery and almost transparent and they slop chili meat on it that could pass for dog food. Actually, I don't even think my dog would go for this bullshit on a plate. The grease was swimming around the nachos like a moat. Super sad face. Now the service was not bad and the restaurant appeared clean. Does that warrant more stars? Hell no, it's all about the product baby and if you name a restaurant Nacho Daddy you better learn how to make some freakin nachos! Hated it.
2	The Good - Our server was enthusiastic (when we could get a hold of him) and did his best to be genuine with his recommendations. It's reasonably priced and my 1st marg was just perfectly made (there's a catch, read below).The Bad - As other's have pointed out, the service was very inefficient. This is by far the #1 reason we wont be going back here. We waited, and waited and waited some more.Food - not so memorable. In their defense, their menu suggests a genuine effort to present a unique and fresh dining experience. Unfortunately, the execution is off. Our El traditional nachos were nothing special. Thin chips, average grade cheese and not so traditional spice levels. You can't call it traditional when the recipe is tamed down to cater to the average 8-year old. Our fish tacos looked delicious but one bite and my mouth was overwhelmed with the taste of onions (and possibly radish?). Note to chef - When it comes to Fish, less is more. Add too much and you run the risk of over-powering the delicate taste of fish.2nd Margarita - As I said earlier, my 1st marg was just perfect and it set up high expectations for the night. Unfortunately, it was all downhill from there. My super sweet 2nd marg was undoubtedly the handiwork of Baja Bob's not-so-fresh extra-sweet premix.Salsa and dips - Meh. I've had better salsa from a jar at Smiths (Rojo's fresh-cut salsa rocks!)And the ugly - It's true. He probably isn't yo daddy
5	In our job we work long hours so sometimes (okay most of the time) we don't have time to cook. That being said we like to eat out. A whole lot. Last night the ENTIRE group from work, all 15 of us decided to try Nacho Daddy. Not only did they fit us in, they made special accomodation for us in thier bar area which was smart considering our group has NO filters on our mouths. We began with lots of cocktails and beers. The beers were ice cold and the pitchers of maragaritas were phenomenal. Mike, our serever who was a total doll made several suggestions to us and we didn't say no. The guacamole flight and the salsa flight was a perfect way to help us wash down our margaritas. We ordered the Buffalo Chicken Nachos . . . and the Shrimp Diablo Nachos to continue snacking while we were all chatting and relaxing. What a perfect atmosphere, the music . .  televisions and the attentive staff. The managers came by to say hi and chat with us a bit, the chef, it was all pretty cool. We stayed long enough to go ahead and order some meals as well. I had an enchilda trio plate and I have not one complaint, other than I was getting stuffed. I will say this . . .  why bother going on Yelp to give 2's, 3's and 4's?? Either you like it, or you don't. All these BS, middle of the road . .  "the chips were too thin" garbage . . . "but I enjoyed my company" WHO CARES?????? All these wanna be food critics, stick to what is relevant  . .  PLEASE.Bottom line on NACHO DADDYFood- great and fair pricesDrinks- awesome and GREAT prices, wells are decent liquorsAtmosphere- very easy going and CLEAN (which is hugely important)Service- FantasticI think we found our new Sunday night hang out . . . .  perhaps Monday as well.
3	After going there on two occasions, I am going to give them the benefit of the doubt and round up to three stars. Being 1/2 the menu is dedicated to nachos and the like, I went with that on both visits. Personally, the buffalo nachos were kind of a let down as the chicken was soggy and doused with some low grade hot sauce while the Cajun nachos were pretty awesome. Service was solid both time but could be a bit slow at times. One thing that I love about this place though is they have my favorite beer on tap.... Negro Modelo. Solid!
2	I live almost across the street so I've been meaning to stop by for a while. Brought my nacho obsessed bff w me and we gave it a try.  They brought out really yummy corn muffins. Warm and soft, they were slightly sweet w whole kernels of corn mixed into the batter. Great start. They have a ton of really unique nacho options but honestly none really sounded that great. Settled on this one w shrimp and some spicy cream sauce. We also shared the coconut chicken tenders. Both were pretty mediocre. Chips looked homemade but were kind of hard and I didn't notice any kind of cream sauce on top so it was very dry. The nachos were pretty much just chips w a fair amount of shrimp sauteed in I'm assuming the mentioned cream sauce and some kind of white cheese melted and hardened onto the chips. Coconut chicken might've been good if they had seasoned the chicken before coating it. As is, it really had no taste and the Thai citrus sauce was bland as well. The meal did at least end on a positive note - nacho sundae was awesome! Cinnamon sugar tortilla chips w coconut coated fried ice cream w strawberry and chocolate syrup. Yum! Service was also quick and friendly. Too bad their entrees aren't better.
1	Meh.As soon as we walked in the girl tending bar gave such a dirty look. Smiling would kill you right.  Expensive. $5.99 for a kids meal. Really?Went there for lunch. Service was so- so. They were out of rye chips. Our food was brought out by another waiter.  Our waiter let our food sit on the tray while he went to another table to give them thier check. While our food sat there on the tray . Serving our food first might have been better.  I so miss El Jefe's. Our waiter had such a tude. Was $40+ just for two plates of nachos and one kids meal. I had bacon on mine which overwhelmed the taste. For nachos they had hardly any cheese. My husband ordered way more toppings  than i did and yet his nachos looked a bit naked. plus they forgot his meat.  SoHis had to be returned so he could get the meat he ordered.  The nachos still looked a bit naked after the meat was added.  The food was not memorable.  The price tag and the dirty look walking in sure are though. I know i am not going back.
4	I have been to Nacho Daddy twice now in the last 3 days.  I came back for a 2nd visit because my first experience was so good.  Both visits I ordered the Cajun Nachos which I thought were phenomenal.  The nachos come with a lot of meat, and the spicy cajun sauce is delicious.  I also really enjoyed the bottomless chips and sals.  The salsa is made with a lot of cilantro which I love.  The staff was extremely friendly.  My 3 year old son flirted with all the waitresses and the hostess..lol  Service was pretty good overall.  They allowed us to call ahead our order and it was at our table 2 minutes after we arrived..AWESOME!!!!The ONLY reason I did not give a 5 star is because the prices can be a little expensive.  I am used to paying around 7-8 dollars for Nachos and with my drink I ended up paying $15.  It is worth it though.  I also like the atmosphere.  They have enough TV's to watch sports, and they typically have some good music playing as well.
2	Honestly this place is very average. Perusing the menu gives you the illusion that you're in for something special. Lots of different and innovative nacho options. At the end of the day though, what you get is way overpriced. Portions are average at best. A 10 dollar nacho plate here is easily finished whole 10 dollar nachos at Millers Alehouse are a monstrosity. On top of that, a cardinal sin. The cheese was cold. Really? After waiting 20 minutes for them to make nachos, something that should take 5 minutes max, for the cheese to be cold is pretty unforgiveable. On the plus side, their fried ice cream is great. Overall, Nacho Daddy thinks a little too highly if itself, charging way too much for barely average fare.
1	Staff is nice, the facilities are nice, the nachos suck!I guess any place that offers chez whiz as a topping is a red flag. The 3 cheese blend we ordered came out as an all white looking cheese that tasted like washing detergent. The flour chips were greasy and under cooked. I think the nachos at the movie theater are better... Sad! I think there is potential in this place, but if they can't make good nachos, what's the point?
3	Nacho Daddy has a brilliant concept, I will give them that. Who doesn't love nachos? Tons of toppings and the ability to create your own masterpiece is pretty freaking awesome. It seems the execution has a ways to go, but they are new so I'm hoping it will get better. Service for us was fabulous. Our waitress was prompt, friendly, and brought us samples of salsas and whatnot to try. The food was...just OK. I tried the nachos with the sundried tomatoes and spinach and chicken. An interesting take on nachos and fairly good. My husband came up with his dream combination but wasn't overly impressed with how it turned out. I'm having a hard time here because these are just nachos after all, and the toppings seemed to be of decent quality. I guess at a nacho place you just expect them to be the best nachos of your life - the nachos at Nacho Daddy are not. I tried a frozen margarita and it wasn't terrible - better than most of the slurpy style ones offered in Vegas. I wouldn't order it again (I'm spoiled from TX), but it's worth trying it you're into frozen margaritas. Overall we'll wait a few months and give it another shot. Service was great and the nachos have potential .
2	We've been to Nacho Daddy twice...it was fairly new the first time we went so they were still "working on things". We sat in the bar area for Happy Hour. There is a small appetizer section of the menu where you can get items half price during happy hour, so that was pretty good...but it's mostly bar type food (chicken fingers, sliders, etc). Great value, but we were a little surprised that they charge for chips and salsa. What Mexican restaurant charges for chips and salsa??? Sure it's inexpensive, but isn't that the point...give your customers something. The food was decent, nothing worth noting.We went back tonight, sat in the bar area again and were hoping they may have worked out the new restaurant issues. The happy hour menu is the same. The sliders come in a choice of meats, but you cannot get one of each (the last time we went, you could). Apparently, the chef doesn't like to do that. Although the chef did, he wouldn't do it again when we went to order more for the table. They still charge for the chips and salsa, and there are only two lousy selections of beer at happy hour prices. I liked my strawberry margarita, but I seriously doubt there was any alcohol in it. Oh, and the chips were tasteless and stale.The food was okay...for happy hour prices, fine, but I wouldn't pay regular prices at this place. Can we bring back El Jefe's?
2	Generally I wait until I've tried a restaurant a couple of times before I write a review.  But I will not be revisiting Nacho Daddy, so this review is from our one shot last night, and I think a more appropriate rating is 1.5 stars.  I came back after a few days working in the middle of nowhere desert  and was craving nachos.  Even after reading a slew of mediocre (at best) reviews, I figure I'd like to check it out for myself.  We downloaded the menu, made our selection, and called in a pickup order.  The voice on the other end was none too thrilled to help us with the order (strike 1), but, I've had plenty of experience with disgruntled front desk staff at perfectly good dining establishments.  We ordered two nachos, the loaded chili cheese, and we had a hankering for the taste of wings, so we ordered the "buffalo hot".The loaded chili cheese nachos came as the chips covered in some wilted green onion slices, with a side of the chili and the nacho cheese (nice of them to want to keep the chips from getting soggy).  They forgot the sour cream that comes standard, and my addition of guac (strike 2).  The chips were light and flaky and the chili was tasty with a hint of spice, but the nacho cheese was just standard roller-rink style canned orange nacho (I was hoping for something more like white spicy queso, since it's title is "que bueno cheese sauce").  So, meh, definitely not worth $10.The buffalo nachos were missing the BUFFALO part (major strike 3)!  There was none of the promised buffalo sauce, cayenne pepper, etc, so it was just nachos, mozz cheese, fried chicken bites obviously dumped out of a bag, blue cheese and celery (a nice touch).  Seriously, how can you forget the buffalo sauce on the buffalo nachos?!  Not cool.... So, the idea of the place has promise, but with such flawed execution my money is going elsewhere.
1	wanted to try something new so stopped at nacho daddys. was hoping for a full on mexican style restraunt. first thing server told us is that they were known for thier nachos(of course). i even ordered the house recomondation of bland sparsley loaded bbq chicken nachos. my husband had a burger!! not impressed n not going back
3	Service was fine.  No complaints there.I had the "Sloppy Daddy Nacho" which had bbq beef brisket, onions, and peppers.  The meat was pretty good meat.  The cheese was the sort of nacho cheese you'd find at a high school football game, only mixed with water.  I'm not against generic canned nacho cheese, but this stuff was very thin and was also pretty flavorless.  Anyways, the meal wasn't worth $10.  I can get a much better plate of nachos for around $7-$8 at Timber's.
4	I think this place got a bad rap from the early reviews when they first opened, I say ignore the early reviews and go with the ones from mid 2011 like mine.We just got back and I must say the place is NOT for healthy eating, no way. We junk fooded ourselves and did the traditional nachos, chicken wings and a Sonoran Hot Dog! Massive calorie overload!, but who eats this every day? A basket of fries were also dropped off with the order, but I guess it pairs with the chicken wings. (When it comes to food, I'm a "common sewer" ha ha!) ***YAY nice thick steak fries, I loved that aspect, the shoestring fries sux!***The decor is casual and fun, TVs everywere and bar looking for the most part. I was surprised how huge it is inside, the building looks smaller from the outside, but indoors there is plenty of seating. There is a guy making fresh tortillas in the back room and you can see the machine that makes the chips, pretty cool. The machine is made by a company called "Lenin". Hmmm? strange Russian heritage there somewheres.Oh yeah, I thought this was funny. I see they have $2 Coronas in cans, so I order one. A few minutes later the waitress goes by and litterally drops the can off on the table. "Here's your Corona" as she skampers away. I'm like Whaaaaaaaat? No glass, no lime, not opened, just drop and go! Amazing! I did get some limes and a glass when she passed by again. Funny!Overall good place and the nachos were not as bad as the previous EARLY reviews makes the place sound. Our traditional nachos didn't have canned cheese on it, although we did have to ask for a side of guacamole and sour cream after we noticed it was missing, but then again it might have been melted all together so that is why it looked it wasn't there. Just ask for some, the bussers are very helpful.Good place to"junk" yourself out, we'll be back when our cholesterol levels go back down to semi normal. Ha ha!  Seriously, I like it for the most part.
4	I've ate here on numerous occasions for work events and tried the Mayor Hafen's Macho Nacho which has worms, scorpions, and crickets in it.  Those nachos were something to experience!  When taking a bite out of the macho nacho I could feel the insects crushing and oozing in between my teeth.  I'm not sure if I gagged from the insects or from the layers of cheese mixed with it.  Try it if you're adventurous.  I got the t-shirt for eating it!While they do specialize in nachos, I've tried their other bar food such as the chicken wings which were of good size and flavor.  The quesadillas were delicious, but nothing special that I couldn't find somewhere else.When I went back for lunch last Thursday, I did try Mexi-chicken sandwich with their ranch seasoned fries on their lunch menu that was delicious.  The chicken was seasoned just right and juicy.  It was filling.Overall, I've been pleased with the service and enjoy trying new items on their menu.
3	I absolutely love nachos and despite some poor reviews, my wife and I decided to go.  My wife ordered a taco trio but I was there for one thing, the nachos.  I almost did the 'create my own' thing but decided to check out their El Traditionale nachos. As I said, I read the other reviews so I was sure to pay attention to everything on these nachos.  Yes, there was a bit of grease on the plate but they are NACHOS, expect it!  The chili was pretty delicious as were the homemade chips.  The big problem with my nachos was the fact that there was little cheese to go with the chili and chips.  I had about ten chips left over with a decent amount of chili on the plate and nary a shred of cheese!  I want my nachos to be loaded with cheese!  These ones weren't.  The taco trio wasn't that great either.  The pork and chicken on them was a bit tough.  I think that Nacho Daddy is more of a place for a Happy Hour but in my opinion, it is not a place for dinner.  They have a fair amount of bottled beers as well as the usual drafts and even Delirium Tremens.  They're Happy Hour specials seem good: half off appetizers and something like $1.50 for a Pabst I think.  If it was for Happy Hour this place would get 4 stars but for dinner, just the 3.
1	It has taken me almost 7 months to write this review because I really tried to like this place, I really did! My journey with Nacho Daddy started back in December when it first opened. We went 3 times in the first 2 weeks and my girlfriend ordered the exact same thing and each time it was dramatically different. To make matters worse every time I would order something the wait staff would come out about 5 minutes later and inform me they were out of what I ordered... so I would have to pick something else. So we chalk it up to it being a new restaurant and we decide to give it a few weeks to allow them to sort out their issues and we will try it again. Now its the end of January and we give it another shot. My GF orders the "make your own nachos" and again it comes out completely different from show she orders it. To make it worse my Sonora Dog is burnt and should have never been sent out... but it was and with the burnt spots covered with beans to hide it. This time we bring it to management's attention and their answer is that its a computer problem... last time I checked Computers don't burn food. So we are done! Last week (Father's Day) we have some friends come to town and they decide they want to give Nacho Daddy a shot since its been 6 months and we were so excited for it to open last time they were out. This time they nail it! Everything was perfect and we think that the place figured it out... Unfortunately we go back 2 days later for lunch and they are back to their same old crap. We ordered the same thing as we did 2 days earlier and they come out with 2 completely different dishes than before and the plates arrive 10 minutes apart. The waitress is stressed out because the cook has messed up all 4 tables that are currently seated. Orders are coming out 1 item at a time and wrong (not to mention mine was cold) and she tells me that this is nothing new.For a company that is owned by Zappos.com, I am absolutely baffled that this place can be such a mess! You would think that after 7 months you could hire a GM and a Kitchen Manager that could figure out how to train the kitchen staff and keep the place consistent. I feel bad for the poor waitresses who live off of the tips that can't be that great when the food is always messed up. Customer service from the wait staff has always been good considering the kitchen staff sucks. If I was Zappos I would pull the plug on this failed attempt at merging two impossible foods together... chips and cheese don't mix... well, apparently they don't at Nacho Daddy.
3	For all you nacho fans out there, you'd probably want to come by and try the nachos at Nacho Daddy.  Well, except the nachos they serve with mealworms and scorpions. I wouldn't suggest that one. The nachos they serve are really for 2 people-- portions are quite large. I ordered the camarones diablo nachos (shrimp with a spicy salsa and tequila cream sauce) was quite tasty. I can't remember the other types of nachos the 3 other people at my table ordered, but I do remember that we all could not finish the nachos. So much! Be sure to save some room for the jalapeno cheese corn muffins they serve at the beginning. Very tasty!
1	I tried. Twice. I just can't do it again.A large group of us went for Cinco de Drink... err, Cinco de Mayo. Partly because it's Mexican food, partly because of location, and partly (probably the biggest part) because of the specials and opening deals they offered.The nacho specials weren't bad, but they were short lived. They are not still on the menu. While they were generally tasty, they didn't offer enough of the key ingredients (i.e. meat choices, etc.) and we were digging through the chips to find what we had ordered.The service was bad. There's no other word for it. It was slow, even with multiple servers watching over our group and others. I had to go to the bar to order drinks more than once.I spoke with the manager, Amy, about it. She was great helping me set up our large group and after when I talked to her about our experience. She explained the situation (staffing issues, temporary fill-ins). While I found that understandable but not excusable, we discussed the possibility of another try.That said, a month or so later I went back for a quick dinner in the hope that, outside of the "holiday" crowds, that it would be different.I was, again, disappointed. I opted for the custom nachos and my guest had the enchiladas. The nachos were small and expensive (I didn't even add meat), the chips seemed stale, and the sauces and salsas seemed as if they'd been left out for a day. Her enchiladas were so spicy as to be almost inedible.The waitstaff was slow and inattentive, and we had to flag down the waitress more than once. We had to bring to the staff's attention that the restrooms hadn't been looked after in some time.I will not be going back.
1	I really wanted to like this place, because we need a fun, nice Mexican restaurant with good food in Silverado Ranch area.  This place isn't going to be it.My friend ordered the Fajita salad and it was edible, but it's a pretty simple entree so it was really disappointing that it wasn't better. Originally I ordered the nacho with brisket and it was ABSOLUTELY DISGUSTING.  There was just this horrible taste.  You couldn't take a bite with out being grossed out.  The cheese didn't taste good either.  I don't know how you can screw up cheese.  I sent that dish back and ordered the 3 tacos.  I ordered each taco a different way, so that hopefully one would be good.  Nope.  they  were also disgusting. Don't do it!The service was ok.  Not bad, but not great.  The restaurant itself is nice.  I like the idea of being able to sit on the patio, but I will not be returning.
2	CJ, a manager, had contacted me and asked me to call him about my experiences. We chatted and I said I would give them another try. Amy recognized me (good or bad, I was impressed) and made no bones about apologizing for that first night and expressing her hope that this time would be different. We shared pleasantries and my guests and I bellied up to the bar for our meal.CJ introduced himself, offered to make us some drinks, and seemed on a mission to make the perfect blackberry margarita. He didn't fail; the drink was great! Fresh and fruity, he made it with muddled blackberries and fresh limes (no mixes!). It was delicious.Guacamole Flight - The chipotle had the bite to it that I was hoping for (chipotle, duh?) but it was undercut by too much acid. It challenged what should have been a yummy chipotle smokiness. The plain guacamole was just that, plain, and the mango was plain with mango chunks thrown in. Edible, but I was hoping for more ingenuity, flavor. We tried a little salt in to pop it a bit, but no go. The texture of all three was perfect, so credit where it's due.Salad: Caesar. Sysco? It didn't taste like a house made dressing. Meh.The BBQ nachos came out as a small size when he ordered the large. They fixed it quickly. My friend really enjoyed the combination and found it to be tasty and well executed. I liked the BBQ sauce but thought it needed more cheese. That said, the flavors were good and the chicken was tender. A good dish.Florentine nachos. I was skeptical about the cheese sauce; I tried it before and found it supremely disappointing. CJ gave us a small ramikin of it with some chips and we loved it. The cheese was perfect, the prosciutto was crispy, the spinach chips were fresh, and it all worked together very well. I even took my leftovers home and fed them to friends. I don't really do leftovers, much less nachos, but these were worth sharing that night. The chicken sandwich was a bit on the dry side, but overall it was a decent, basic, grilled chicken sandwich. The sweet potato fries really made my friend happy. The service was great. Friendly, quick with the drink refills, and extremely helpful if anything was needed. We really were very well taken care of.Full disclosure: We were well into our entrees when CJ mentioned he was going to buy our entrees (we covered the rest). It was appreciated. It was a welcome combination of excellent service, tasty food, and - yes, I checked - clean and stocked bathrooms! While there were some standout points, I am still hesitant to give too many stars... not everyone will have this experience, and as much as it was appreciated and very good, it's not the daily M.O.***I knew it would be a singular and special visit if I was to be waited on by the manager. Balance, fairness and *reality* are key, so I did go in and see him... but I also went again as a "regular" customer.***Amy recognized me right away. After I was seated, our waitress, Sam, immediately came over and took my drink order. As recommended, I tried the red sangria. She said it was not as sweet as some sangrias but fruit came on the side. The (small!) glass came packed with ice, garnished with lemon and lime wedges. So, slightly sweetened red wine over ice. It wasn't a bad drink, per se; but it wasn't a good sangria. The citrus helped, but I wanted more fruit, depth, and, yes, more actual drink.We opted instead for a pitcher of the blackberry margaritas. Just as I remembered them, sweet but not too sweet, freshly made, and packed with real fruit. Score!The chips were a bit too oily and needed salt, which we added. Still, they were good, hot, freshly made and crisp.Dinner: Sonoran Dog sans bun or beans. We got the hot dog, wrapped in bacon (crispy! yay!), on a plate with ramikins of cheese, mayo, mustard, and diced tomatoes. My avocado-lime "salsita" (*great* kick to it!) was missing and had to be requested. Suggestion: replace the bun with lettuce and create the dish as you would with a bun. The presentation fell flat and, because it wasn't constructed, the flavors, too, were missing something. The veggies (instead of fries) were fabulous! Corn, onions, and peppers well roasted and seasoned. Best thing here so far!The coconut flan was generously portioned, creamy, and the caramel sauce was very, very good. Rich and flavorful, it was perfect.And, yes, we checked...the bathrooms needed attention. Once I commented on it, they were better, but far from good, clean, and well stocked.The "entertainment" wasn't. It was unfunny, way too loud, prohibitive to conversation, and, for a family place on a Thursday, rude and inappropriate.***Overall? I commend them for their efforts, but it's still "Meh, I've experienced better." Amy, CJ, and Sam are amazing, and there are some rare menu highlights, but I am just not excited about it.
3	This place has great potential, but has quite a few kinks to work out.  Tried two different kinds of nachos.  Very good, but not nearly enough cheese as many have mentioned.  Maybe they should ask if you want more when they take your order as I would imagine most people would.  This place is more fun in a group too as it doesn't exactly thrive off ambience.
2	Can you say disappointed? We purchased the Groupon for this place since we've been meaning to try it out. We arrived and the location is great. Overlooking the strip and plenty of patio space if it's cool out.We sat inside as it was pretty warm out and we ordered several different things to try. The buffalo chicken wings were quite delicious. I enjoyed them quite a bit, but everything else left quite a bit to be desired. We felt it necessary to order nachos since we figured they would be good in a place called Nacho Daddy's. This was unfortunately not the case. For $10.95 you'd think you'd get quite a few more than just a few chips strewn haphazardly on a platter with a small amount of melted cheese and dried out carne asada. See picture: http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=UYcmGbelzRa0Q6JqzLoguw&select=vvSCsR6z5ae2NEu_XkqxWQ. This was the epic fail of the night. Since we still had a bit more to spend on our Groupon, we decided to order a cheese steak to-go. This sandwich lacked completely in flavor. It was dry and the bread was hard. It just didn't cut it for me. Overall, I can see this place being nice for trivia, but since the food wasn't fantastic and it's not close to where I live, I don't see myself making a special trip out here without some sort of coupon or discount.
3	First off, love the name. We'd driven by this place a few times and finally got in to try it for a midweek lunch. I had heard rumors it was overpriced but I really didn't think that was the case at all! Obviously, nachos are their specialty and I really liked the unique combinations you could choose from. I tried the Buffalo Chicken nachos and wow...spicy but good! May need some ranch or an icy margarita to cool off your tastebuds. Next time I go though, definitely trying the make your own nacho platter. My boyfriend got something simple - chips, chicken and cheese - plain jane but so tasty! The chicken was marinated just right and chees melted perfectly, sometimes simple is best! The platters are reasonably priced at around $10 and you get a ton of food (I couldn't finish mine!). The drink menu was plentiful so that's definitely on the to do list next time as well. They also had a lot of other great sounding entrees so if nachos aren't your thing you'll still be fine.TV's galore so I have a feeling this place will hit its stride during football season. Word on the street is they now have some pretty great drink and food specials on Saturday nights so stay tuned for more to come from this unique place!
2	Overpriced, underwhelming food. Great bar/happy hour joint with live music.
3	Nacho Daddy should've been great.  I will say our server, Megan, was fantastic.  Very attentive without lingering.We got chips & salsa & queso to start.  I'm a big queso fan and I never complain about that, but the chips were a little greasy and not salty enough.  Problem solved by adding salt.  Moving on.I had a salad of sorts and the dressing was CRAZY spicy.  It was pretty good but nothing amazing.  My boss had a fajita salad - again, nothing amazing.The prices were pretty affordabe.  Their patio looked great but it was hotter than the sun so we sat inside.  Maybe I would love this place more if I got to sample their margaritas??  That usually does the trick.
1	Sorry Nacho Daddy but I'm giving ya 1 star. I've never walked out on a restaurants before ordering but we were not impressed by the atmosphere or the lack of mexican dishes offered. We were craving tacos and were disappointed to see only one dish on the menu. I know each restuarant has there own complimentary snacks brought to the table like bread or chips and salsa but here you give jalepeno corn bread muffins and sadly they weren't cooked all the way and were so tiny. I'm sorry that this wasn't a better experience for us.
3	GREAT: trio of guacamole and the options available for your nachos, in terms of toppings and even flavor of tortillasMEH: queso blanco: a little too runny for my tastesTERRIBLE: the wings
1	Drinks were great but the food is a greater diet plan.  You'll be screaming for a toilet I no time at all...
3	The boyfriend and I had been meaning to try this place for awhile, having had a friend recommend it.He had the supreme nachos, which he found unimpressive.  Not bad, just not very good.  I had a build-your-own with corn tortilla chips, the 3-cheese Mexican blend, carne asada, and guac.  I like pretty basic nachos, so getting these without all the extra crap was really good for me, and I really enjoy guac, so I was happy they didn't skimp on that.Our server Megan alerted us to a $3 margarita special they had going on, we had a few of those and they were very good for that price point- I find a lot of margaritas overdo it on the sweet and sour mix, not the case here.  We stuck with the special, but they have an extensive tequila selection here for fans of that.Yummy margaritas + decent nachos = I'll be back during some sports games.  Not the best choice for a regular meal, but good for a sports bar.
3	Ugh after a long day at Anna's, Marshal's and Homegoods the GF finally caved to doing something besides looking at bedding.  Ahh Nacho Daddy, an island in a sea of Chick Stores.Our Server Amy was friendly and attentive.  We started with a couple of $3 beers, some special they were doing, must have been with the football on Sunday night.  She then brought us two little jalapeno cornbread muffins.  That was nice.I had the Traditional Nachos and GF had a fajita salad.  The nachos were piled quite high and I did like the continued layering of toppings, nothing's worse than getting down to a pile of chips with nothing on them.  BUT they just weren't mind blowing, I guess I figured that if I ordered the namesake dish that these nachos would be da bomb...not quite.  GF's salad tasted like a salad, dressing was good.I'll stop in again, but only if I happen to be near by.
1	We came here a few months ago, but I can definitely say I won't be back. The food and service were slow, really slow. The food was also nothing spectacular. Portions were small and dismal looking. Definitely a disappointing place for nachos and beer.
1	I really want it to like this restaurant I love  Mexican  food. But it was not what I expected to be the food took a long time to come out , we waited 30 minutes. Once we received the food it was not hot it was under cooked. It did not taste authentic  it tasted like it was old & it sat out for a while . My sisters stomach was in pain that entire night eating there. My enchilada was HORRIBLE. we will not be coming here again ever . worse so called Mexican food we have ever had.
2	Nice bar to go in for lunch or watch the game.  They have a separate restaurant area but menu is the same.  The nachos are pretty good, good ceviche.  I also tried the Chimichanga Burrito, was tasty but nothing to do cartwheels over.  The service is pretty good & waitresses/waiters attentive.  This is not a mexican restaurant, so go somewhere else if that's what you're in the mood for.I'll go back but it's not high on my favorites list.
4	I love Nacho Daddy's.  They make their OWN chips daily!!  I love homemade flour tortilla chips and I know of nowhere else where you can get this as well as like six other kinds.  Quality of food is great; atmosphere is great and the view from the patio is amazing.Go enjoy!!
4	They get an upgrade. Have had some positive contact with the new management and the food has become more consistent (has always been tasty, and the service is much better. They have some good specials (love the street tacos) and seem to be generating some much needed excitement for this place. The seem to be staying out a little later and if you get a chance, check out their trivia night. Was real excited when they opened up across the street since they are walking distance. We have eaten here a few times. Service seems to be slow for what we are getting (how long does it take to dump some chips on a plate and toss on some toppings?) The food is decent and they have Blue Moon on tap. We go back for the Blue Moon, the trivia nights and the cornbread muffins.
4	with great trepidation we ventured into nacho daddy's, which we had only mentioned before by way of making fun of the awful name of the place.  we were pleasantly surprised--the bar service was friendly and helpful, the prices good, and the nachos were tasty.  not a fantastic place, but with the highest yelp-rated mexican restaurant in the area being roberto's (umm.  really?), nacho daddy's is not so bad.  a great place to watch a game, also, if that's up your alley.
5	I love this place! The nachos are insane good, my favorite is the barbecue chicken nachos. The Big Daddy Burrito is really good as well, I like to get it covered with the red sauce (wet). I eat lunch here at least once a week with some of my co workers, and they love the place also. The lunch menu is perfect and the service is always great, Megan ROCKS as the lunch waitress!!
3	Lots of great beers on tap(Modelo Especial, Negro Modelo, Delerium Tremens, etc).  Great concept with the nachos.  Service could have been better.  Try the Flortentine Nachos!
2	This is tthe second time we've tried Nacho Daddy's (each time we used a Groupon). The 1st time a was about 6 months ago and it wasn't too bad, the portions were large and the service was satisfactory. Unfortunately, this time the portions were smaller and the combo plate was no where near as good as Roberto's or Fausto's. Overall it was sort of sucky, I would have been upset if we had paid full price.
3	Been here for venue events, but otherwise the drinks are a little on the high end (as well as the beers). Can be turned into a dance floor if you are looking to host a large event (the fraternity/UNLV parties are often featured here), so it can host a large amount of people at one time. Nice patio to cool off if you're dancing on the inside. Other than that, the bar service is A-OK.
2	Believe both the good and the not so good o the reviews for Nacho Daddy's.  Service was very slow for a Saturday night at 8pm.The introductory corn muffins were tasty but I would have preferred chips and salsa considering how slow the service was.We had a pitcher of the house margaritas which were heavy on the sweet and sour and seemed light on the alcohol.I had the spicy shrimp nachos and my g/f had the mexi Cobb salad. The shrimp were the tiny shrimp which lacked any real taste.  Her salad seemed fine, both portions were good sized.Overall, not great value, fair food but nothing special.
4	I read all the bad reviews, but our experience was pretty good.  Nice wait staff, prompt service.I had the Big Daddy burrito with steak -- loved it.  Steak was nice and tender and the beans were perfect.  My husband had the fajita salad and practically licked his plate clean. Chips were fresh and crispy - not too thin.I will definitely go back.
2	Not very good... Ordered a pitcher of house margaritas and it had to have been the worst margarita I've ever had. Waaaay too sweet! Tasted like it had no alcohol, and no sour. Just sweet. Almost like lemonade. Very expensive lemonade. Also ordered the tostada nachos. Nope. Not very much flavor. Good amount of cheese, but just overall, a big mess of boring nachos. Can get better nachos for cheaper at any other place pretty much. Also, the "entree size" nachos are smaller than some "appetizer" nachos at other places.On a positive note, the inside was pretty nice. Liked the atmosphere!Don't come here.
3	First came here when they took over from El Jefe... thought the food was average and that they took tortilla chips and piled anything on them. Last week we got a menu in the mail, it appeared they had revamped things so we decided to check it out. We were nicely greeted when we walked in and seated within minutes. Our server was great! Bright, bubbly and answered all of our questions about the menu items. We were greeted with jalapeno cornbread muffins, they were good, but chips & salsa would have been better. They do have it on the menu with a charge.. Not the case at most mexican restaurantsMy husband ordered the Cheesesteak with a mexican twist, I took a bite and it was great! Soft bun, tender meat smothered in white cheese, peppers and onions. It came with fries, however he ordered a side salad. I ordered the ceviche. Fortunately it did not have the word shrimp before it. Although it had great taste, there was most likely two shrimp in the entire dish cut up smaller than bite size, and lots of cucumber. Which I like, but don't expect it to be the center of the dish. My children ordered off the kids menu which offered both american and mexican food, They ordered sliders and a bean & cheese burrito. The sliders were a little greasy on the top of the bun. Both were happy with their choices.
4	I have to give Nacho Daddy some credit where credit is due now. There's a new chef in town and you can taste the difference in the quality of ingredients and the food is much more interesting and enjoyable to my palate.We ordered:GUACAMOLE- Fresh and flavorful.3 Kinds of SALSA- A tad watery and not enough bite for my liking. Didn't care for any of them. Side of White QUESO- The only thing that would make this cheese better is if naked Ryan Gosling was feeding this to me with his fingers while whispering sweet words in my ear.ENCHILADA NACHOS- Not a huge fan of the red enchilada sauce they used, but overall still grubbed big time on these. Nice huge chunks of white meat chicken.CHICKEN TORTILLA SOUP- My partner in crime loved it.Dessert Nachos/FRIED ICE CREAM- I was lovin' on the chocolate and vanilla tortilla chips! Delicious ice cream, too!Not only was the food a huge improvement from my last visit a year ago, but the service was spot on, too. Our waitress was knowledgeable on the menu and offered up her recommendations and also made sure our cups were at least half full at all times. Just a doll. (Only small complaint was when I was walking to my car in my VS yoga pants the cactus bush was strategically sticking out into the sidewalk and scratched me below my belly button with her big ass bush! Ughhhh. Please trim ya big bush!)Now I definitely don't think the food is five stars and is really closer to a three stars, but when you throw in the awesome service, cleanliness and UNLV on the tvs, I'M THERE.  Nacho Daddy does not suck balls anymore. He actually gave up ball sucking to make some nachos! Good stuff!
5	I don't understand all the negative reviews, this place is awesome.  They bring out warm home made tortilla chips and fresh salsa to your table.  The food and service has always been top notch when we go.  The fajita salad and the fajita sandwich are amazing!
3	I have been here three times and I can say that the nachos are hit or miss. Between my wife and I and other people we have gone with I'd say we have had about 6 different nachos. It's really all about personal preference, but I have been pleased with about half of them. They make their nachos with either real cheese or really creamy fake tasting stuff. Also, the chips are either the thicker (chewy) home made version or the thinner and much crispier (non home made) ones. Both of these things are not indicated on the menu and can greatly affect the enjoyment of your meal. Although I have not been, it seems like they have good happy hour prices and I have been told that the ample bar area fills up during that time which seems like it would be fun. I stopped here early in the day on St. Patricks day for a quick snack and they had a good shot and green beer special. I think happy hour and special events would be more fun than just eating here. Keep an eye on Groupon though, they seem to have deals pretty regularly.
4	Today we went to lunch at Nacho Daddy, using a groupon.  We found the food tasty, service wonderful (thank you Adryan) and although we used a groupon pricing still  wasnt bad.  We ordered chips and salsa.. mild but once our server came to refill the salsa, we asked for medium and wow that was good too. I ordered the chicken fajitas and husband ordered big burrito wet..food was tasty and majority of it went home with us,  a bag of chips and salsa was added at no extra charge.  Our soft drinks were refilled without us asking and that in my book was great.. love that kind of service.  By the way our server knew we had a groupon and that did not affect our service or the attentiveness of Adryan.  My husband used the restroom and said it was cool..   We WILL return...
5	We have been to Nacho Daddy twice in 3 weeks for dinner. The first time we both ordered the Fajita's - chicken for me and shrimp for the wife. The food was GREAT, the server was awesome and except for the crying kid 2 booths over we had a wonderful meal. The next visit I ordered the "Tres Enchilada's" - 2 chicken, 1 pork, and the wife stuck with the shrimp fajita's. The food was again was great, no screaming kid and the server did OK. The prices are really reasonable for what they serve you and I had no room for dessert. We will be returning for sure.
4	I've eaten at this Nacho Daddy's several times, both for business and personal lunches, always with good service and great tasting food.  Today I tried the club sandwich and was not disappointed.  Good sized portions of tasty ham and turkey with significant bacon on a freshly warmed bread roll.  A little bite from a combination of the Anaheim chili and Chipotle sause added that little extra kick you remember for a bit after the meal (in a good way).  We were served by Megan, a recent Employee of the Month, and we could tell from her attention to detail that the honor was well deserved.  My girlfriend, the vegetarian, asked for, and was totally impressed with a "taco salad without the taco meat".  From a seat away, it looked really good and according to her, one of the best salads she's ever had.  I may try it next time with some real "taco type" meat to get the real deal.  In past visits I've had a variety of the traditional and way out nachos (thus the name) and cheeseburgers and have always been pleased with the food, service, location and pricing.  This place is a no-brainer for a casual lunch during the week or on weekends.  Oh, and when I asked which of the dozen or so TV's had my favorite NASCAR race on it, the hostess wisely responded, that "any of our TV's can be programmed to whatever sport you want to watch".  Now, THAT'S THE SPIRIT!!!!  (PS...The jalapeno muffins pre-meal might be the best kept secret, even for those of us with soft tastebuds.  Nice touch!)
3	Bottom line: a good sports bar with decent bar food.This place should be heaven for me because nachos are my desert island food, but it's . . . well, just decent bar food.  Good enough burgers, edible salads, frozen veggie burgers heated to order and lots of good beer. First, the positives: the atmosphere is great for a game night.  We came here for the Super Bowl in 2012 and it's one of better sports spots I've been to.  Loud and raucous with contests for prizes/giveaways throughout the game.  People were watching and into the game without getting obnoxious and ruining the event for others.  As for the beer list, it's pretty well stocked for American beers.  Foreign beer lovers may be a little disappointed, but most others will be satisfied by the options.   The nachos are a little hit or miss.  It may be the tortilla chips the bar chose.  They're a little too salty.  And that's coming from a guy who will always reach for salty over sweet.  Out of all the choices, the buffalo chicken nachos are my favorite.  The buffalo sauce is great and the blue cheese topping is rich and tasty.  The chili cheese nachos are okay.  The chili just isn't tasty enough to compensate for the over-salty chip pile. The quality of the sandwich choices ranges from decent to mediocre.  The chicken sandwich is decent and worth an order if you're in the mood.  The veggie burgers deserve a pass--but in all fairness, it's the rare sports bar that has a good veggie burger.  The regular burgers are . . . well, good enough.So, stick with the beer, sports, and buffalo nachos and it's a 4 star spot.  Everything else drags the place down to 3 stars.
3	I have to say I did go back to use the $15.00 gift certificate but I was not pleased to say the very least. I was sent  a message from one of the managers to come back and try some of the food again on them. But when I write these reviews and it's not good I don't do that for a freebie. I write a bad review becasue my experience was just that - BAD!!! So, I did not take the manager up on her offer- I know some of you are saying - Yeah, but it's a free meal - I love free just like everyone else but sometimes I just want to remain as anonymous as possible. BOY AREN'T WE ALL JUST A BUNCH OF YELP CELEBRITIES!!!On a whim I went back and this is what we ordered:1. Steak Fajita Salad- Large and flavorful - my steak was cold though- would've enjoyed it more if the steak was hot.2.Southwestern Chicken Salad- this was good...3.Beef Nachos- Full size was huge- but man thank goodness this was the BF's dish cause this looked like a heartattack waiting to happen...4. Chicken Tenders Kid's Meal- Your child gets 2 huge pieces of chicken tenders- these 2 pieces of pounded chicken breast are big-FYI: Kids eat for $1.00 on Mondays if you dine inside- It's a great deal, sadly though you can't order takeout and still get this deal....I hate having to ask for the Corn Jalapeno Muffins - they should just be brought to each table. Isn't that the meaning of complimentary? I have to say though that the Corn Muffins have greatly improved - they are yummy. If they were brought out with some butter that would be YUMMERS!!! It's sad though, that if a table doesn't know to ask for them that they wouldn't get the opportunity to try these yummy muffins.This vist was rather enjoyable and I wouldn't mind coming back....
1	Dibs on all the tv's during their impending liquidation sale! This place was so bad I was actually embarrassed for them. The food was so not good, the silverware was dirty and service was bad. I had read so many bad reviews but I went anyway because I liked their name. I originally thought  "How can you f#$ up nachos? "You make them Tex-Mex style that's how. I can't stand Tex-Mex, way too much corn on everything. Gross. Regardless of their style they were flavorless and nasty, I had to smear sour cream and Tapatio over every bite to get them down.
5	We love it here!  They completely redid the menu a while back but we and so many others thought it was the same old awful cheez whiz menu...it's not!  Great, new chef and great new menu!  Their Sunday brunch is fantastic!  Give them a try if it's been a while!
3	Today was our first time trying Nacho Daddy and it was a little bit of a mixed experience. First, the positives! Our server was very personable and helpful - we are vegetarians and I had forgotten to ask about the refried beans on the nachos. She asked if we wanted black beans instead since the others are made with lard. That was very kind and appreciated. The food itself was quite good - we shared a salad and nachos, sans meat, and liked the flavors of everything. The chips for the nachos did not get soggy, also a plus. Now, the less than stellar. Right toward the end, we had our credit card ready to go with the check. A male server in the next section over picked it up. He then bussed some tables with credit card folder still in hand and went in back. He then came back out with it, not processed, and handed it to another server - the wrong one. She went back with it. Then a manager came out with it for my husband's signature. We kept a close watch on the credit card hot potato game, but it wasn't the ending we had wanted. Honestly, although I have no reason to think there was anything untoward going on, it made me a bit uneasy. I think if they can organize the service and staff a bit better, it will really help.
4	I am glad I didn't read reviews before I decided to go or I probably wouldn't of gone...it's near the office and have grown tired of the usual no time to eat- grab a sub to go and eat at the desk. Megan our waitress was on it. A smile, an occasional friendly wink and someone who knows her menu! I asked about vegetarian options and she had it covered! She knew what was in everything and gave me many options beyond a few tortilla chips with some guacamole.  Green sauce safe - red sauce off limits, black beans -ok, pinto beans - in the green. Megan even offered a rice alternative that was not made with stock.  Tofu tacos?? What Mex joint even knows what tofu is?? Big Daddy Mike in the kitchen does and knows it well! I left it to Megan to bring her best veggie meal out and left it up to her. Tofu fajitas!?!?!?  Wow full of flavor, taste , texture - seasoned great and a portion built for 2! Big daddy Mike ( I don't think I'd ask for him by that) came out for a tofu follow up. Told him it was great and I was pleasantly shocked at how good it was. This stuff needs to be on the menu!Kudos to NachoDaddy for an informed waitress, a creative chef and an offering to vegetarians that goes beyond the boring.
2	The Service SUCKS we sat in the bar at 2-00 in the afternoon the bartender/waitress spent most of her time in the back showing her new baby.We could have D&D she was back there so long. Nachos were good beer was cold. But service is questionable. Was hungry but made me and my wife loose our appetite
2	Really?! Our friend asked us to try it and against our yelp judgement we said ok. This place was dead and still the service was horrible!!!!!!!! We were there ready to eat but that all changed when our waitress disappeared in the back to show off her baby. I'm all about socializing but dang the other servers couldn't see us waving? The name of the place is Nacho DADDY so I expected NACHOS not a small skillet of chips and sauce. I don't get it...but if they are trying to get on the gourmet bandwagon then they need to redo their menu. We will not return. So it looks like this place will continue with bad reviews.
4	My wife & I went to Nacho Daddy when it first opened over a year ago.  Back then the food was blah and the service needed a significant overhaul.  We just got back from having dinner there and things have changed.  First of all, they now greet you with a smile and "welcome" when you enter the restaurant.  The waitress, Adryan (based on the receipt), was very attentive and pleasant.  It was happy hour so we ordered house margaritas which were very good.  I've seen in some reviews that the margaritas were too sweet and more like lemonade.  This was not the case.  For an appetizer we had chips and queso.  The cheese was very tasty with just the right amount of spice and the chips were warm.  For dinner my wife had enchiladas.  She liked them very much.  I had the ribeye steak cooked medium which when it arrived it was cooked medium.  It came with grilled corn on the cob and sweet potato fries which were very good.  Total cost for the meal with four margaritas (remember it was happy hour) was below $55.00.  I was pleasantly surprised at the much improved service and quality of the food.  I would recommend this restaurant to friends and family.
3	The food was really good, but the service was bad. The waitress was hard to find and they were far from busy. It also took like 5 minutes just to get a soda & the same amount of time for water.
1	Oh my.  If you're going to be a NACHO restaurant, you should have good NACHOS.  Seems simple, right?  These nachos were gross.  The combination of flavors just didn't work.  The chips were stale and covered in Cheez Whiz.  Hey, I could make that at home!  I'm sure I have all the ingredients somewhere in my pantry!  Also, the service was lousy.  We were largely ignored other than when we ordered, and even then, we had to beg someone to come help us.  We didn't even get drinks until AFTER we got our nachos.Do yourself a favor.  Stay home and eat some cheap, bagged tortilla chips.  They will likely taste better.
3	Don't let the silly name of this restaurant fool you like it did me! I should have gone here a lot sooner.Don't get me wrong this is not some amazing find, but rather an excellent fix for much needed Mexican food, margaritas & sangrias. I had the fish tacos which were good, they have a million different kinds of nachos you can get!Yes the place was quiet, our server was great, and the prices were affordable.
4	I was hesitant to try this place because I heard mixed reviews about it. I purchased a Groupon and was pleasantly surprised. Their menu items are very reasonably priced, our service was great and the nachos were delicious. I'd recommend this place for casual dining.
2	The only thing giving this place 2 stars in my book instead of 1 is that the service was actually pretty good - we were seated promptly, were well attended to, and our server was friendly.The food was god-awful!  A friend and I weren't all that hungry, but figured we should eat something before heading to the strip for the night.  I had to try the chili con queso since it is one of my weaknesses.  This was one of the worst I've had.  Not only was it velveeta-esque, it really didn't have any kick to it at all.  I added healthy amounts of a couple of different hot sauces on the table and it still was barely edible.  I also had the chicken tortilla soup.  Weirdest tortilla soup I've ever had.  Once again not very spicy, and the "broth" was like a thick barbeque-sauce.  And, the most plentiful ingredient in my soup - corn!  What little chicken was in there was tasty.  I hunted it out and left the rest.  My friend got a couple of the street tacos and wasn't thrilled.  He actually commented that we should have gone to Roberto's (which I guess is a fast food Mexican place - I'm not from the area).To top it all off, it's supposed to be a sports bar and the TV we were sat next to was on the fritz, with the color and picture going out at regular intervals.My advice, skip this place and find somewhere else.  Maybe Roberto's?
5	From Az....it's a must every trip 2 Las Vegas. Chef Mike is Amazing.... his creativity w/ his nachos is Awesome!!! Everything is so good even the Watermelon Margaritas =} everyone needs Nacho Daddy in their lives!
5	I went with a Groupon, I brought the kids from my daughters Band, got 3 large orders of Nachos (I think its 3 or 4 dollars more then the regular size, I dont know why they dont price it on the menu like that?) OK anyway, The service was as good and as friendly as you could possibly ask for, I had 3 -15 year old boys who swore they have never had better Nacho in their lives and want me to take them every week now LOL..  I know, I said my daughter's band, So your probably saying what did she think? well when I ask everyone if they wanted to go I didn't realize my daughter had other plans, So she didnt go and Im stuck with her friends(LOL all great kids)...Any way I don't get all the Bad reviews? The place is Friendly nice clean with good food, what are the other people looking for that I missed?We had Spicy Shrimp Nachos, El Traditional Nacho and Nacho Average Burger Nacho,, I figured the last one had to be good since it had Nacho in the name 2 times. ha..ha..ha  Oya My wife Got bottomless chips and salsa with a side of Guacamole, Some of the BEST Salsa,,,,Really some of the best Salsa I ever had!!!!! And when it comes to Salsa, I am smarter then everyone else!!!!So what I say is true LOL The Guac was GREAT too....GO THERE !!!!!!!!!!! DONT Listen to the bad reviews I would have gave it 4 stars But Im giving it 5 to make up for the undeserved crappy reviews
2	Yuck! The nachos were awful. The chilli and cheese topping tasted canned and re-heated. I've had better nachos from restaurants without "nacho" in their name. The margaritas were good though, which is what saved them from getting just one star.
3	Ok, this is the first review that I have felt the need to update on Yelp. It looks like Nacho Daddy has achieved the impossible... they blended chips and cheese!! Actually since I wrote my initial review (rated them a 1) they have hired a new GM (#4?) who knows what he is doing, they have a new kitchen manager (# who knows) and have cut down the menu to a point where they can actually achieve a high level of execution. I think they have finally reached a level of competency in which a business can begin to win over customers and become successful. For this I will move them up to a 3 of 5... but that is because I still hold my breath when I walk in and order. I keep expecting them to mess up my order, but they seem to have a renewed energy and I think its because they are finally on the right track.Lets be clear. The service was never the issue here. It was always that the Management staff (GM and Kitchen Manager) could never find a consistent formula that worked. Now that the issue seems to be solved the food is reflective and its worth giving them another chance. Its now save to eat the Nachos!! PS. Keep it up and I will have no problem changing the rating to a 4... its that much better these days!
2	It seems like a really unhappy place. Waitress and hostess were unhappy, everyone else dining here seemed unhappy, and by the end of it, we were unhappy. Nothing was really memorable about the dining experience but this collective unhappiness. We had some specialty nachos--don't remember them, and some kind of enchilada plate--don't remember it. Looks like it has changed some staffing and menus since I went, so maybe I'll give it another chance.It seems like it would be an awesome place--it's a great location with inventive-looking recipes that somehow just miss the mark.
2	I went with my Living Social coupon to try this place again after a long absence.  It's not that I didn't like the place originally - it had turned into a Chucky Cheese on the weekends since kids now eat free.  I had fond memories of the Cajun Nachos which I had there several times and absolutely loved.  The dish was the single reason I went back.  My friend and I sat in the bar area...no kids - perfect.  I presented the coupon as directed and the waitress came over quickly.  We ordered only waters and between that and the coupon, the waitress' demeanor turned frosty to say the least.  I open the menu and discover that the Cajun Nachos are gone from the menu.  Not one to let things like that ruin a good time, I found spicy shrimp nachos that sounded pretty darn good.  We decided on those and the BBQ Chicken Nachos.....entree size for both.  Waittress came back to take order and we ordered drinks (I had the Pamatini which was quite good).  Waittress's demeanor defrosted immediately and she was just fine the rest of the meal (except for the nacho issue....see below).  I can't say the same for the Nachos.  Shrimp was better but neither blew me away.  They say they make all the chips fresh and while I don't dispute that, I was NOT impressed with the chips at all.  They tasted kind of stale and got mushy FAST.  I have had tons of good to great nachos over the years...these didn't make that list at all.  Btw...I asked about the Cajun Nachos (they have both spicy shrimp and andouille sausage on the menu)...I got a blank stare from the waittress.  Surely something could have been thrown together in the kitchen?  Nachos aren't rocket science after all.  Her tip settled at a a flat 15% after that.  I usually go closer to 20%.  Apparently there is a new chef and the presentation of the nachos is totally different and the menu changed....not for the better.  Bottom line:  I won't be going back.  I'm done.
4	First, let me say that either we came here on a great day or the management has been reading the complaints posted by other reviewers because our experience was completely opposite from the recent reviews.  First off we were pleasently greated by every waitress and hostess.    Once we were seated we looked at the menu and drooled over each and every nacho choice.  based on the reviews we were expecting poorly made nachos and processed cheese on our BBQ pulled pork nachos.  Instead they came with crisp, lightly salted chips and an excellent melted cheese sauce.  The flavor was perfect and the pork was very tender.  We also ordered the mahi mahi fish tacos.  The beans and rice were bland but the fish tacos were excellent if slightly underseasoned.  The children's menu is extensive and offers a huge bean and rice burrito, quesadillas, and tacos to go with the usual hot dog and burger fare.  We loved the Blue Berrymore martini.  The waitress was Caitlin was very attentive and kept our drinks filled.  All in all, we were very impressed with this economical and tasty meal and will definitely put it into our rotation.Update: 9/7/2012  - We have since been back and once again had an excellent experience.  Further, we have received notice that the Nacho Daddy management does in fact read the reviews and strives to improve the experience for all so if you are one of those who had a negative experience a few months ago, please give them another shot as they are working very hard to address the concerns and make this place the best Nacho experience!
4	I'm a huge Nacho fan, I've been wanting to try this place for quite sometime.  So finally I caught a special on living social.  So I ordered one of the Nachos and my husband ordered the rib eye steak.   Well I must say with a name like Nacho Daddy, they really need to step up there game on that.  I was very disappointed in the nachos.  That creamy cheese sauce, and the liquid sour cream!  I make better ones at home.  But....Wait now, the rib eye steak was really good, with the garlic Fry's and the Mexican corn.  I was very impressed.  The service was great.  They asked my husband how his steak was, he was very satisfied.  Finally the bartender asked me.  how i liked my nachos, I told him I didn't like it.  He asked me why I didn't tell him.  Well I'm sure most of you know whats up with that. Who wants to send food back, you never know what they might do to it.  He wanted to get me something else, so I told him I would love to have one of the strawberry margaritas.   WOW...Now that was awesome!  I will be back for another Strawberry Margarita for sure, and a rib eye.  And  I'm sure I can find a good salad on the menu.
1	If -minus stars were an option, this place would get minus 5. OMG, this is the worst food I've ever has. Ordered some type of nacho plate and a cup of tortilla soup. The soup was so salty and the nachos were so bad that I had one bite, paid my bill and left. This was several months ago and I read they have new management, so hopefully they've got their act together. I'm afraid to go back.
1	At first I was excited about trying this place. Unfortunately I will never be back. Slow service. Poor guest service by manager as I asked to speak with her and instead got ignored and Server came back with a check discounted telling me the manager was in the phone. Absolute BS!!!! This is a poorly run establishment. Nachos were great but the margaritas were weak! Do long Nacho Daddy. You lost guests that live less tan 1 mile Away!
2	Let me preface this with my experience was from about a year ago, but have just begun really using yelp, and my experience left a serious impression.I was working in the area at a local school, and a co-worker mentioned this concept.  We both love Nachos so I was psyched and amazed  that someone finally came up with this idea.I ordered a build your own nachos to go.   When I arrived to pick up the food the place was pretty barren. I sat at the bar and the bar itself was incredibly sticky and kind of gross.  My food was suppose to be ready in 15 minutes and it took closer to 30 which surprised me.  When the food arrived it didn't look incredibly appetizing, and frankly tasted like canned rosarita beans and imitation cheese.  I had really looked forward to trying this place and was sorely disappointed.
4	Had a 10 for 20 dollar Living Social coupon so me and the fam decided to try it out. I guess I went AFTER the improvements were made all around because I had a very pleasant experience. Half the reviews were not too positive, but until you actually experience it for yourself, then you can reflect it here on Yelp. So my expectations were neutral.As we came in, the hostess greeted us and were sat down right away. About a minute later, Victoria, (who was our server), came by to take our order. As soon as we informed her we were noobs, she politely gave us a little overview of the menu. As we were deciding she got our drink orders and left to get them. When she came back, she gave us a small order of the Jalapeno Cornbread Muffins! I gotta say it was good and just the fact that Victoria gave us some to try was very commendable! I got the Fajita Nachos, my two kids got basic kids items, (chicken fingers, bean n cheese burrito), and my wife got endless chips and salsa. Good thing I only ordered one plate of nachos because what they give you is a lot! All for of us shared it after they ate their meal already and we still couldnt finish it! The chicken fingers were basically cooked like Katsu! For those that don't know what that is, its a chicken breast lightly breaded and deep fried to a golden crisp. For dessert, we had two choices: Deep Fried Ice Cream or a Churro topped with Ice Cream, Chocolate Drizzle, and surrounded by different colored tortilla chips. We chose the Deep Fried Ice Cream! Again, we all had to share it because it was a pretty good sized item.So props goes out to Victoria and the rest of the Nacho Daddy staff. I wouldnt mind bringing new people to this place especially if they are craving nachos.
1	This is the second time I have eaten here. The first was not very good and the service was terrible. I simply had nachos. I have had better nachos in a school cafeteria. This time, I had a chimichanga. The pork barbacoa was dry and lacking in flavor. No chips and salsa at the beginning either. There is no need for me to return to this establishment, since there are so many Taco Bells nearby.
5	Amazingly creative nachos!  Awesome margaritas in flavors galore!  Homemade sauces, tortillas, guacamole, and more. Large portions and great service, too!
1	Dont waste your time. Food was EXTREMELY salty, i could hardly finish. Wait staff was not very friendly either. Food was def lacking
2	DC had a Living Social voucher for this place with the amusing name.  We were both craving some Mexican-style food, so we stopped by to see how Nacho Daddy fared.We both ordered pretty standard entrees, tacos for me and enchiladas for DC.  We skipped the Nachos, not really a favorite for either of us.  While we were waiting for our entrees to be brought out we were each given one corn jalapeno muffin to snack on.  This thing was pretty darn tasty, and I was hoping it was foreshadowing for the rest of the meal.It wasn't.  When the food finally arrived (more on that later), it was pleasantly average.  My tacos had a nice mango salsa that was crunchy and cool.  The fish was pretty mild and the tortilla was almost stale tasting (odd for a place that has a giant tortilla press behind a glass window).  DC said his enchiladas were absolutely forgettable.  No real flavor or otherwise distinguishing characteristics.Our service was about the same - the waitress was pleasant but didn't really go above and beyond.  Our food came out eventually, plates burning from sitting under the heat lamp.  The table across the way came in after us and received their food before us, and we only got one follow up that our food would be out shortly.All in all, this experience was completely average.  Nothing stood out and there's no real reason for me to go back.  I'd probably give it a second chance if I had a coupon or another Living Social voucher, but otherwise not.
5	Whoot Whoot...Taco Tuesday's loved, loved, loved there street tacos.  You can get 10 for $10.00.   No I didn't eat them by myself, lol I shared them.  You can mix them up, they have several different flavors, pork, beef, chicken and the shrimp..  My favorite was the shrimp with the cabbage, it was off the chain!  We will be back!
5	we had the enchilada nachos and now I'm dreaming about nachos...yes they were that good lol
2	The queso is amazing and the salsa really fresh...but the service SUCKS!  Seriously, customers are more confident that their orders will come out right when you WRITE. IT. DOWN. Get it together, Nacho Daddy's!  My order was wrong, my husband had to remind the waiter what he ordered long after it should have been put in, and then it took 15 minutes to get our check AFTER my to-go box had already been delivered...clearly we were done.  I can forgive bad service in exchange for an offer of free dessert or no charge for a meal that was brought to the table wrong, but to not accept responsibility for the mistakes is poor service all around.  Great food.  Fix your service.  The waiter wasn't wearing a nametag or else I'd include his name here.  Metrosexual, young 20s, hispanic, and a really bad memory is the best way I can describe him.
4	We always have great service here.  The manager has gone out of his way to a few times, made us fresh spicy HOT salsa and has made my GF sangria numerous times when the other bartenders can't "do as good as job as him".We have had some meals that one dish might not be up to par as the others, but over all the food is good.  The daily specials are great.   This place is way better then what was previous here El Jefe....
3	This place was on Groupon awhile back ,so I went expecting mediocracy and they did not disappoint!I went in today for lunch with my coworkers 15 'til noon. Surprisingly we were seated right away, which was a plus in my book. After scanning the menu, I decided to go for the Nachos Florentine. They were... okay, I guess. The clips were cool - spinach tortilla. The tablespoon of grilled chicken was also pretty tasty. The nachos also had spinach, some sort of sauce (maybe Alfredo) and a ton of sun-dried tomatoes. They were okay. With less chips and tomatoes and more chicken, they would've have been pretty decent.The atmosphere is nice - bar-like. The service was fast and good. I wouldn't jump at the opportunity to revisit this place, but I would go if I were in the neighborhood craving bar food.
4	Great selection of all different kinds of nachos.  Not what I look for, but the enchalada's I got were above average.  Plus, they have great craft beer on tap.
4	good food, atmosphere, margaritas, wait staff and food- cant ask for much more
4	We really enjoyed this place.  The service was excellent, the food was great, and the happy hour specials are fantastic.  I wouldn't read into the earlier reviews of Nacho Daddy. We recommend.
4	Mmmmmm Nachos!!!! There are a few top foods on my list and Nachos are one of them and let me tell you they must be made right or you can just destroy the almighty dish of nachos. Now this place has it.Here we are driving around running errands for the day and my wife kids and I wanted some mexican food. We said hey theirs that place by the house called Nacho Daddy lets go check it out. so our first time there We literately drove in the parking lot and then said hmm. This place does not look like a place to take our kids. (ages 13,11,5) Because it has the whole sports bar with food look and feel to it. So we decided to just turn away and hit up taco bell and called it a night. About a week goes by and its time for date night with my wife and yes. We chose Mexican food for dinner. There was no better time than the present to try out this "sports bar that serves food" Nacho Daddy.Wow we were total wrong. I should have listened to my mom, "never judge a book by its cover" anyway, we opened the doors to paradise and we were immediately welcomed by the host and much to my surprise it was a complete sit down restaurant on one side and a sports bar on the other. We sat on the restaurant side where we were surrounded by flat screen TVs playing music videos and sports games. Pretty cool mix if you ask me. So as I said in the beginning you can just destroy Nachos or you can reinvent nachos just as this place has done! The menu is filled with so many different types of nachos. I did not even think it was possible to have chips and cheese taste like you just bit into a burger, or feel like your eating a delicious seafood plate. Its crazy!Can you guess what I went with! I'm a burger and fries kinda a guy so your right. Burger Nachos. I was very selectable at first I mean come on. Hamburger flavored Nachos! Let me tell you its one of there best on the list next to the PBR Nachos. holy crap those are great!! Our service was great, the place was packed and I still had a full cup and was not overly bothered by the waitress coming by every couple of min. asking if everything is ok. She asked one time and then made frequent visit with a smile and refilling our drinks and making sure we had plenty of napkins. Back to the whole driving away and judging a book by its cover. After our date night and checking out the seen I must say that this is a great family restaurant, a great hang out spot or date night! Great food to choose from and its all in a fun and lively environment. The price is not terrible but when you think about dropping 10 bucks for a plate of nachos its a little steep but that plate is piled high!
2	The food was okay, but quite expensive for what it was. The service, however, was awful. We had to stop 3 separate servers multiple times just to get our drinks. Half our tables food showed up 20 minutes prior to the second half. We had to ask for napkins and silverware. To add insult to injury we had to walk our check to the hostess after waiting over 10 minutes for our server to take it (she must have walked by 4 times).
4	Only been here once and had the best nachos.  They were rueben nachos...sounded strange but at the advice of our server we ordered them.  Fantastic!  Not sure if they are on the menu regularily or not.  Plus they have Dogfish Head beer on tap!
4	I'm perplexed by a number of the more recent reviews indicating problems with this establishment.  I had  wonderful experience at this place a couple of days ago.  The food was fantastic and the service was decent as well.  I would definitely go back.  I was also extremely impressed with the Thai Chicken Nachos.  Prices are reasonable too.
1	The food is great if you can stand the bad service. Sat at bar, ask waitress to ask mgr to change one of the three TV's to my football game because two TV's were playing same game. He said NO! The games playing were requested. Five minutes later he turned the TV to a baseball game that was requested after my request. We came to watch our game and eat and drink. We won't be back!
4	We come here almost every Thursday night for Jokes with Friends comedy show.  I will have to say that the food has come a long way from when they first opened.  I really like the Buffalo Chicken Flat bread, the Southwestern Chicken Salad and their burgers the best!   The nachos are good I prefer the chicken over the ground beef any day.
3	I haven't eaten here for months, after a few times of dining and being thoroughly disappointed with food and service.  After pestering me, my boyfriend finally convinced me to try again.  We were not disappointed.Is there new management?  A new chef?  Whatever it is, it is working.  The nachos were ten times better, not as bland as before, and had a more proper cover of cheese.  Let me tell you the quesadilla was amazing.  I know what you're thinking, "seriously, you're telling me about a quesadilla?" Yes, yes I am.  It was perfectly cooked in a flour tortilla with the perfect amount of cheese, for the perfect amount of time.  Delicious.  I would go back just for this.You must also try the corn on the cob.  The chili-lime cotija flavor is just awesome.Service was definitely a lot more attentive and friendly than my previous visits.  Our server was a just a bit awkward in his approach but that isn't a big deal.  The only thing is it seemed as though the ambiance was favoring a more "mature" crowd.  The music was turned down waaaay low.I will definitely be back to return, and if I continue to be impressed by the changes, I will probably change my rating.  My stars must be earned with consistency, however.
2	Just don't order the nachos "to go" ... We just picked up the order for our office and we were jipped on the toppings, it was mostly just chips and cheese for $9 each. Never again.
5	I had been to this restaurant about a year ago and thought it was okay.. we decided to go back the yesterday and it was amazing! I was pleasantly surprised. Everything we ordered came out looking beautiful..everyone had to share their meals because it was so good! I really liked the twist on mexican. My FAVORITE is the Buffalo Nachos so different and brilliant! There was also this corn that was beyond! We joked we'd order the corn to go every day of the week!! My new favorite restaurant!!
5	I ate here for the first time today and honestly It's was so good that I have to write this review!I'm a big Mexican food lover but sometimes I avoid going out for Mexican because sometimes it ends up being more of a stomach ache! But after eating at Nacho Daddy I officially found my favorite spot! Everything was so fresh and authentic that It made me feel right at home! My favorite part was the entree with ribs, garlic fries and jalepanio corn! I know this isn't your typical Mexican entree but I think that is why I liked it so much! Every entree we ordered had the Mexican taste with an American twist!! The service was exceptional too! Our server truly didn't miss a beat! She always made sure we had fresh drinks, napkins and plates! I never caught myself looking for her or waiting on something!I will definitely be eating here again! Thanks Nacho Daddy!
5	Nach Daddy = Delicious! ... Its been really hard finding a good Mexican food joint here in Vegas... Finally found what I've been missing since moving from home!!!Not only is everything fresh, the seasonings and spices are done perfectly... They have a great selection of margaritas (I love the peach, YUMMM!), the nachos rocked and the enchilada plate was sooooo good! Service was awesome, the waitress was on point and so sweet!Really great eat, I will definitely be back soon!!!!
5	For about a year now i drive bye nacho daddy at least twice a day and would tell myself i dont really like nachos. but finally i went and it was nothing like i expected they had alot more than just nachos. i tried the buffalo nachos and they were so good but my favorite part was the mexican corn!!!!! i am already craving the corn. I will be there this weekend for sure even if i have to go by myself
5	Try the BBQ Chicken Nachos!  Great beer selection on tap.
1	First time here, lets see how this adventure will turn out.   DIDN'T LIKE IT!!
5	Nacho Daddy is awesome.  They have a wide variety of foods and good service.  The BBQ Chicken Nachos are the best.  I get them every time.  Their grilled corn and guacamole are also really good.  Make sure to give them a try.  You won't be disappointed.
4	White cheddar queso with bbq chicken, need I say more?!
4	Nacho Daddy has these Cajun shrimp enchiladas with green sauce that keeps me coming back! Cookmaster Mike has hit a home run with these.
2	The food had no seasonings and was flavorless. The soda was flat and they knew it as it was bad all day and they still brought it out without saying anything. This was our second trip there after a similar failed first visit a few months ago. We don't plan to ever Mae a third visit. It's a shame because the place has a good feel.
1	Dishonest employee, and a not so good Taco Salad.I felt compelled to write my first review on any restaurant from my experience tonight.First off, my taco salad was horrible but I didn't complain & just ate the rest of my husbands burrito which was good.Upon arriving home I couldn't locate my cell phone so I called Nacho Daddy's to see if I left it there. They said they did not have it. We used the locating device to find it & it showed it was there. When calling Nacho Daddy's back & telling them that we located it there, of course then they found it. This was approx 45 minutes after leaving the restaurant. What an awful experience! Yes, I shouldn't have left my phone on the table but they have some dishonest employees. I will not go back there!
3	Nice concept to differentiate from all the Mexican Food out there.we shared a steak quesadilla ($9) and a taco salad ($11).Quesadilla ok, but too much butter on it.  Taco salad was just average .  . . .the salsa they provide is what makes the salad flavorful.  Not much chicken on saladHad 2 of their speciality margs.  The rasberry one was incredibly good and the mango was was just ok.  A bit pricey at $9 each, but we had a bygo free coupon.The service was good and our server was great.  We had a 10 month old with us and they made sure she was ok.Overall . . . .just an ok.  Would probably go there for drinks again, but not sure I would do dinner.
4	I've been back twice since my last review and both times have been very positive experiences.  I brought several friends from out-of-town and  they enjoyed it very much too.
5	AMAZING NACHOS. All the food was delicious. Waiter was great and quick. Can't wait to go back
4	I am actually shocked I liked this place so much! I am never a fan of a sports bar type place and it seemed odd... like the decor didn't know exactly what it was wanting to be. Mexican-inspired? A TGIFridays? My Vegan tendancies are also quite hard to please in this type of situation. My poor husband, all the man wanted were some good Nachos.To my incredible surprise they had a VEGAN MENU!!! I had to personally request it and there were a couple snags, (coming out first w/ sour cream... which is DAIRY) but I was extremely happy with what I ordered. They were eager to please and were extremely kind... so with a couple mess-ups I don't mind if the staff handles it in stride.The hot salsa is a MUST TRY! Mmmm... I love it if I can still feel a little tingle in my mouth an hour later. (wow, that sounded dirty)My husband got his Thai Nachos (which he LOVED), I got a vegan option and it was ALL GOOD. I still am not a fan of the decor, but hey----  you can't win them all.
2	It's over priced now!!
4	It was cool. Got the Thai chicken nachos while the wife got the Florentine Chicken nachos. Good stuff! The kids menu portions were generous too. On the negative side, it was too damn dark in there. Turn the lights up a little, will ya? And the little corn muffins they brought out for appetizer, couldn't decide if they wanted to be actual corn bread or that soft corn cake you get at El Torito. I think everyone at the table tried them and spit them out. That lovely image aside, I like the place and will be back.
4	I live in Henderson so I always see Nacho Daddy while driving down Eastern. Yesterday my mom and I decided to give it a try. It wasn't to busy yet. We were greeted by a friendly hostess and decided to seat ourselves in the bar. Lucky for us it was happy hour. They have an awesome happy hour menu. A variety of different apps and nachos from $3-$6 and great drink specials. We went for the calamari, Thai chicken nachos, and supreme tostada nachos. Food Pros: The Thai chicken nachos are my new favorite thing. So delicious and good layers of flavor. These were personal portions and they were very generous! Big pieces of fire grilled chicken. And who ever thought of having the sweet chili sauce and the creamy queso sauce is a genius. The kicker: the house made jalapeno corn chips. The supreme tostada nachos were very tasty. These are your classic nachos. The nachos you want while watching the game. Mounds of delicious cheesy goodness, sour cream, guacamole, ground beef,  and jalapenos. Both nachos had perfect chip to stuff ratio. Nobody wants all these plain chips leftover on the bottom with no yummyness to scoop them up with.Food Cons: The calamari was ok. I've had a lot of calamari in my day. It was hot, crunchy, a little to much breading, the pieces were kind of tiny, but for $5 it wasn't bad at all. The best part was the serrano aioli for dipping. Service: Our server was overall attentive and friendly. Especially with my mother's indecisiveness. A bit slow at the end when we were waiting for our check and return of check. I will definitely go back again. It would be a great place to watch the game or have a drink with friends. They have great football game specials as well. Our bill was only $18 with tax. I am interested in trying more of the menu and seeing if everything matches up to the fantastic Thai Chicken Nachos!
5	While this place isn't rated too well on yelp, I feel like some recent improvements have changed the overall experience of the restaurant. We walked in, and were greeted immediately and sat right away. I'm one of "those" people who are picky with their seating. They were accommodating and let me pick where I wanted to sit. Our server was great. She was fast to take our orders and brought our delicious margaritas quickly. The food, I thought the food was absolutely delicious. We had the calamari to start which was great, and the aoili with it was delicious! Next, I had the ribeye which was better than I expected and my girl had the taco salad with chicken! We both enjoyed our food and the HOT salsa was one of the best I've ever had. The quality of the food was excellent and the portions are so big, you have enough to take home for a midnight snack/meal the next day. I think the overall look of the restaurant would be awesome for game days/parties. There are huge flat screens everywhere and great looking servers which makes for an atmosphere that makes me want to come back.Overall, the food was excellent and the dining experience was solid. I'll be back here for sure.
1	Well decided to try a new restaurant so we swung into Nacho Daddy.  The people that greet you are friendly but the waitress was down right rude.  I guess its wrong to ask for the toppings on the side.  Dieters beware.  I hope the cook does better.  Chances are I will never return.
2	I was excited to eat here. I was told so much about this place. I even took pictures. This sucked dont waste your time. They use some nasty white cheese that taste sweet. Last I checked cheese is not sweet. They fried ice cream was so nasty it was not fried at all. The place was clean but the chicken was dry and ewww I wont return to this location. But to sit and chill and drink a lil bit its ok but not to eat see I will eat from someplace else.
5	the best corn on the cob I have ever had at a restaurant.  great service drinks and food.
3	I'm not a huge Nacho Daddy fan.  We stopped in to grab a bloody mary (from the all you can drink bloody mary bar), and a quick snack before heading out on a house hunting journey.  We ordered spinach dip with green chili's and pico de gallo on top...it came out flaming hot and it was great.  The triple colored chips on the side were less than desirable, they were overly soaked in oil which left most of them like chewing on a rubber tire.  We ordered a serving of nachos (I can't remember which one, but I don't think that's important) because they were actually really good, however the portion size was OUT OF CONTROL!  I felt like it could have fed a small country, and it was completely unnecessary.  I'm pretty sure the portion size was so large it deserved to be on an episode of Man vs Food.  I felt guilty leaving the amount of food that I left, but let's be honest you can't take nachos to go.  My daughter's mac and cheese was great...no Kraft mac and cheese.I will be back because I love mexican food, but I will alter what I order so I don't leave feeling like I wasted enough food to save a starving country.
5	I'm a little late in writing this review.I was a little hesitant about eating here based on some of the negative reviews. Well I'm glad I took a chance! I had great service and great food on a Sunday around 1pm. The tostada nachos ( full order) were awesome!
4	I have always had a pleasant dining experience at Nacho Daddy.  The nachos are good and are served in huge portions.  I usually order a Sonoran Dog and skip the nachos though.  Service has always been attentive and fast.  Not a huge menu to choose from but if you are craving nachos certainly a decent place to stop in.  They have happy hour specials and are a great place to watch football.  Stop in when they offer trivia and you and your friends are sure to have fun.
1	We went to Nacho Daddy because a friend asked us to meet her there.  Service was slow, but they were busy.  Had a decent experience told the server we were in a hurry to the airport.  We hand him our credit card and left.  The food was actually good.  I called back and said that our bill was over charged by $10.  Our sandwiches were on the chalkboard special.  The waiter agreed, apologized, and said it would be corrected.  Few days later, my bill was changed 3.57 on my credit card.  Called back, told the manager the situation, asked that the bill be corrected once again.  He then haggled over item per item and came up the accurate  total while offering to change it, but due to his attitude over the "few" bucks.  I just said, " you know what leave the bill".  I will not be back and will not be recommending you.  This prompted my first review on Yelp, so here it is.  If a manager has no interest in maintaining a new customer, then I have no interest in saying that you will get any of my business, but two calls worth of hassle to fix a bill that they admitted was wrong to begin with.  No offer to discount the bill, come in get a free appetizer, etc.....I have thousands of choices in Las Vegas, Nacho Daddy is now not one...and like I said the food was actually good, but why go where your business is not valued.lol, I like this yelp thing, no more sending emails to businesses to get back a "so sorry".  Feels good to know that the businesses are held accountable for their service standards.
1	Me and my family went to our seat and we got 3 different waiter comin from left to right...like really? Plus I don't know what going on here it wasn't pack that night we was there cuz we were waiting for a long time (an hour) to get our food. The taste of the food was ok, it seem like it been sitting out for a while even though it look beautiful. It a sport bar + restaurant w/ ton of flat screen everywhere which is cool. They got outdoor seating area. But overall it a no from me, sorry.
5	I'll admit it, as stupid as this sounds, I've been a little bitter about this restaurant considering that they moved in where El Jefe's used to be.  Yes, I am aware that they had nothing to do with El Jefe's closing down and subsequent replacement, but my mind still went to that place every single time I drive by this location.Regardless, my best friend and I stopped by this location at the start of an all day shopping spree.  The decor is so cute.  You walk in and the first thing that you notice is the GIANT Las Vegas Blvd sign hanging near the hostess station.  If you look up at the ceiling, there are several large, square tiles that have been finished with the trademark labels of numerous different liquors/alcoholic beverages and then overlayed at different levels.  It's very chic on the inside, you don't expect that out of a restaurant called "Nacho Daddy."  It's a pleasant surprise.We split an appetizer of the queso dip and it was unbelievably good.  Generally, you either find that any Mexican food place doesn't serve queso dip or it isn't very good at all.  This combined with the homemade chips made for a great starter.  My best friend orderd the Cheese Enchiladas while I ordered the Grilled Chicken Quasadilla.  Both were excellent.Now, most importantly, the customer service was AMAZING!!!  From the friendly hostess that greeted us and sat us down to our waitress, the experience ensured that I will continue to visit this location in the future!  Thank you for a great meal!
2	pro: chix nachos good taste and a good price. guacamole fresh with good flavor.cons: staff inefficient, sloppy lookingslow to bus tables, dirty dishes etc sitting on tablesbusser threw rag he used to clean tables over his shoulder. didn't wash hands after cleaning table, then touched all the new silverware, as he went from table to tablewont be going back
4	Went here after reading reviews and I must say I was pleasantly surprised. Although the male host was not the friendliest, the waitress was. She was so nice to help clean up and did not get angry when my 3 yr old dropped his drink ALL OVER floor. The  florentine nachos were outstanding and the chicken quesadilla was REALLY good as well. It's really easy to ruin what is basically a simple dish. Definitely coming back!
4	Nachos, nachos, and more nachos...what better place to go for nachos than Nacho Daddy of course.  We ordered the BBQ pulled pork nachos and to my surprise it was pretty good!  We also ordered the honey BBQ  Daddy's  wings  and a carne asana steak street taco.  The BBQ pulled pork nachos comes topped with BBQ pork with honey BBQ sauce, white queso cheese, and fried onion strings.  The chips are homemade which gives it a good touch.  It's well proportioned, although it did look small, it was actually enough for three.  Daddy's wings has a dozen wings and comes with celery and ranch dressing.  The wings were your average tasting wings so nothing special there.  As for the carne asada steak street taco, it comes with onions and cilantro and tasted like your average taco.  The only thing I wish they had on their nacho menu is carne asada steak.
4	We're baaack! For our Lunch/Dinner hours this place is fast becoming another favorite spot to eat. The BBQ Pulled Pork Nachos was clearly the favorite between Mr. B and I, plus our friends that attended the Yelp event we went to here ..  http://www.yelp.com/biz/elite-event-nacho-average-rebel-yelp-party-las-vegas#hrid:1Q2Udxc1HbALhrj26tTD7w.  So here we are back again for more and to try out their other entrees.This time around we ordered the Carne Asada Burrito Chimichanga style (deep fried), BBQ Pulled Pork Nachos and my entree I had the Fajita Tofu Salad! ...Yes, you read it right.. Tofu! I'm  NOT Vegetarian nor Vegan, but Ive cut down on my red meat intake. So restaurants that have a pretty good entree selections that cater to Vegetarians are good in my book. I thoroughly enjoyed having my salad, The balsamic dressing was tossed evenly throughout, veggies were crisp and fresh and texture for tofu was just right for this salad. The vegetarian/vegan selections are not listed on the main menu they hand out but it is noted on there that you have to request it. Carne Asada Burrito was what's on Mr. B.'s plate...or what took up alot of his table area. This entree was absolutely massive! Aye Aye Aye! Plan to be really hungry if you order this. I didn't get a chance to try it (Lent no red meat Wed/Fri dealie) but Mr. B kept going on and on how real flavorful the grilled meat was and it was "so good!"Glad we ordered the BBQ Pork Nachos again.  Pulled pork tender, just enough bbq sauce, love the homemade tortilla chips and the onion strings that topped it really pulled this unique nacho platter together.  We got the personal sized  plate instead of entree sized one. The personal sized one was plenty enough to be shared between two people. Especially when you are ordering other plates of food.  That's not hard to do here either. Alot of choices other than Nachos.The table across from us ordered Fajitas. I heard it sizzle and got a whiff of it when their server walked it past us.That'll be next I'll have to try. We saw Chef Mike again and sampled the green and red sauces he makes for the enchiladas.  Both were very good, but the green sauce was both our picks.   More savory with just the perfect amount of heat! Love it!!!! That's another entree added on our "to try" list. I really like how everything we've tried so far is made in house. Alot fresher tasting.Oh, forgot to mention the complimentary corn muffins that they serve up. Fresh kernels of corn with diced jalapenos baked right in too. Oooh yum! Service was great! From our hostess that greeted and seated us right away, to our friendly server who had good timing on checking up on us, drinks filled etc.   Love the casual vibe going on in the dining area.  The decor is tastefully done. They have 3 large TV's that you can view from where you are sitting. You have your choice  between booths, tables or dining out in the covered patio for your seating arrangement. The large windows that surround half the dining area look out to the Vegas valley.  Also they have a separate room that you can book your meeting or event at. Then of course the bar area is on the left side that section is separated by the foyer when you enter the place. Pretty decent size too with seating up at bar and high top table/chairs throughout and a covered patio on this side as well.   Happy Hour specials menu is tempting, so are the Taco Tuesdays I read in the tip section, and Mondays I read kids eat free??? Whoa!! So family friendly. This alone is  rated mucho stars worthy! Good incentives for us to bring fam & friends. Will come back often since so far everything we tried is pretty good.
4	Very good food. Not your typical Mexican joint, chips and salsa aren't included but are delicious and both appear to be made fresh. Service was pleasant, but slow both times I've been there. Had Carne Asada Tacos for the first visit -  really yummy. My Mom had fish tacos and loved them. Second visit today I tried the Ceviche and it was a bit of a disappointment, For $10.95 - there was probably only about 3-4 shrimp chopped in the roughly 1-1.5 cup portion, and the the jalapenos were chopped way to large so it was too hot. Comes with a huge order of chips, but Salsa was an up charge. Feels a little nickle & dimey. Regardless, it's still one of the better "Mexican" places I've tried and will definitely come back again.
5	The concept is insanely awesome. Was in Vegas for a week and this was our first stop. Its away from the strip, but definitely worth the trip. First time there I ordered the Thai chicken nachos. Delicious! One of the best things I've ever eaten, without a doubt. I liked this place so much we went back 2 days later before we left to go home. The second time there I had the buffalo chicken nachos, they were also very tasty and saucy.Both times we were offered jalapeno cornbread muffins. They were pretty good, and I really liked the fact that they were moist like cornbread should be. The jalapenos weren't overpowering and added a little extra something that was unique.The staff was great, very nice and very helpful.I read other reviews before I was there, and I must say some people don't know what they're talking about. I'm from out of state and I thought this place was great! If I was a local, this would totally be my regular spot. I will definitely be going back whenever I'm in town.
4	Great brunch menu on Sunday, the breakfast burrito was delicious!Overpriced Bloody Mary's, but I guess if you stay a few hours and do the all-you-can-drink you would probably get your money worth.
5	We went to this nice restaurant on a Sunday.. It was quiet, relaxing, and our server was very attentive.  Never had so many choices for nachos and they have Sunday brunch options.. The pulled pork Nachos were very good.. We will be back... Plus they have lots of TVs to watch your sports on too..
3	This was our second time here in a month - this time without the kiddo and for happy hour in the bar area.  This is the first place I'm reviewing where I need to offer a breakdown to explain my rating.  And this is a place I really WANT TO LIKE, since it's close to home and we love finding a great mexican food place to be loyal to.  Just not feeling it, mostly due to service issues.  The food has been consistently good.FOOD:  4 stars.  Both times the food has been 4 stars and pretty good overall. The Spicy Shrimp nachos are our favorite - but they are skimpy on the shrimp.  Today we had the Chicken Enchilada nachos - they are very good too.  MENU:  We returned within one month because we enjoyed the happy hour food and drink specials (some of the nachos are offered for $6 and they have 2-for-$4 street tacos, among some other items).  But today when we arrived, the menu had changed and the food item we wanted was no longer on happy hour.  Bummer.  And, not cool.  I don't like changing menus - it's bait and switch.  The waitress said, "We wanted to remove our popular items and replace them with other things so you would try different nachos."  Hmmmm.  Additionally, while ordering drinks from the HH menu, we asked about chips and salsa.  We aren't trying to get anything for free - but you would think with a $25 bar tab - they could provide FREE chips and salsa.  NOPE.  It's $3.  My husband asked for a side of jalepenos for his nacho platter.  They brought a little sauce cup with about 10 little jalepenos.  Then we got the bill and they charged us $2 for them.  Not cool.  At least tell us they will be extra - but really they SHOULD BE FREE!  I enjoy the BOGO free Margaritas at happy hour ($8)- which might be the ONLY reason I return.
5	First time being here with family and I gotta admit this place is freaking awesome. Chilled and quiet atmosphere for family. Best part is that there is multiple  televisions so we could enjoy your favorite professional team playing(if they are playing that day). Also a nice feature is if your friends, there is pretty nice looking bar where you and your friends could enjoy some beers or enjoy a couple premium drinks. Another good part about this place is there food. Especially there nachos, which is a really big portion and they taste fantastic. I like how there is different kinds of nachos which is a nice option. One thing I like about this place is there specials. Especially on Tuesdays which they serve 10 tacos for $10. And the tacos also taste fantastic. If you want to come here, enjoy some great food, great drinks, and game or two. Come here!!! You won't regret it!!! Now!!!!!! I'm serious come to this place!!!!
4	Being a fan of simple Nachos and cheese, going to Nacho Daddy and receiving what I would consider a 'gormet' version of nachos. It's quite a treat in itself. I tried this location twice with a co worker and enjoyed it both times. The first time we had ordered some take out, I ordered the nachos with buffalo and ranch sauce. It also came with breaded chicken pieces. The sauces come seperate so you can mix them to your desire, and don't soften up the nachos on the way home. We also ordered some ceviche which tasted well.The next time going here was for a dine-in experience. The place looks nice and the staff is friendly. They looked ready to work and did everything with haste. We ordered a sweet mango chili sauce over nachos and chicken. Everything came out quickly, once again, and tasted incredible. Not a bad experience at all, I recommend this place if you like Nachos. I'll be back soon to check out the drink menu.
4	Wanted to check out this place for a while now. We had friends from out of town and why not here. Started ordering food, we waited a while for it. Then they got my wife's order wrong. Made her another one waited another 10m for it. The food was actually pretty good. The only reason why I didn't give it a 5* because she brought out the wrong order and service was ok.
1	Ok.  So what can I say that all the other reviewers haven't said?  This place is pretty terrible.  We know that yelp never lets us down, so I'm not sure why we tried this terribly reviewed place.  We knew someone who went and said that it wasn't so bad.  Despite our reservations (we usually never eat at a poorly reviewed restaurant) we decided to give it a try.  The place was pretty busy on a Wednesday evening.  They were offering happy hour and $5 martinis.  I ordered the raspberry martini and it was really tasty.  However, thats where the positive ends.  They gave us corn bread muffins to snack on while we waited which were barely ok.  We ordered the barbacoa burrito and supreme nachos.  Kids had the been and cheese burrito and chicken fingers.  The barbacoa burrito was so awful, we could barely eat any of it.  The barbacoa was flavorless as was everything else they stuffed in.  The nachos were just ok.  Nothing I would ever need to go back for.  Plus, they were very expensive.  $10 for a small personal sized nacho?  $4 more to upsize it to an entree size.  The kids been and cheese burrito was pretty good, but my son couldn't even eat 2 bites of the chicken fingers.  Hubby tried a bite of them and couldn't blame our son for not eating more.  They were disgusting.  We don't feel the need to ever return.  I just wish it was still El Jefe's......
3	I kind of went in with the preconceived notion that this place would be just so-so. I found it hard to believe that a Nacho joint could do anything super special. The food was decent, service was so-so, and the coke machine was broke. Their first impression was fair to partly cloudy at best.The food was aight. Not great, not terrible. Definitely get a lot of Nacho for your buck. They're piled high and visually were pretty neat. Not very practical as they were piled high on a tiny plate. I couldn't figure out if it was more like a game of Jenga or an avalanche when I was trying to decide which chip to take. The chicken nachos were good, chicken was a touch dry, the beans were a little cold, but the chips were fresh and the other toppings very good. I was a little disappointed that the soda machine was broke, since Mexican food without soda is like peanut butter without jelly. Well maybe not that bad, but you get the point. The server was okay, not terrible not great, just middle of the road.I would probably give them another shot, but I wouldn't go out of my way to return. A coupon would probably give me more incentive to go back.
5	Nacho Daddy has become our favorite local restaurant.  The service is always great and the food is excellent.  We've enjoyed a variety of the dishes they offer.  My favorites are the BBQ baby back ribs which literally fall off the bone, the grilled buffalo chicken flat bread, and the grilled fish tacos.  They have increased their variety of beers on tap and now offer Old Rasputin which has become my favorite since I enjoy dark, chocolaty beer.  And my wife enjoys the fuego chicken and the Cuban sandwich.  She also loves the house margarita which they have perfected.  I've recommended Nacho Daddy to many neighbors and friends and they are glad I did.
2	Pros:  Solid bar area with several large TVs.  Came in handy during Day 2 of March Madness and I would assume on Sundays for NFL games.  Coupons...we get Nacho Daddy coupons all the time and were able to take advantage of a free Nacho ($14 value...so they say, but it wasn't big enough to be called a $14 nacho)Cons:  I got the Enchiladas (beef and chicken) and I thought both were bland.  Also the service.  Our waiter seemed pretty friendly but he screwed a few things up and we thought the arrival our drinks and app was a bit slow.Unfortunately, coupons and TVs aren't enough to get us back in the door because those aren't really differentiators around here.  I can't say we would be back any time soon...especially without a coupon or during a non-Happy Hour special.
5	The best Nachos....Like ever.  From the Spicy Shrimp Nachos to the Thai Chicken Nachos...no matter the order you are on the right track.  With an extensive list of Tequilas as well as Negro Modelo on tap, plus add Will's Specialty Margaritas, this is the place to be.  Oh yeah and they have other stuff on the menu that rocks as well.  I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!
4	Yes, I'm a fan. Bar food can be hit or miss in this city and I think Nacho Daddy is above par on their drinking & dining experience.I do not live very close to henderson, which is GREAT for my waistline because if I did - I'd be here every week.The first time i went to Nacho Daddy was for brunch on sunday with my husband and we ordered the bacon & egg nachos. What an AWESOME concept - eggs on nachos!! The house made flour chips are thick, crispy and oh-so tasty!  The entire entree was the perfect ratio of crunch, gooey cheese, fluffy eggs, and tasty bacon.I have also had the buffalo chicken nachos (subbed the chips for the flour chips because they're awesome), Nacho Average Burger Nachos, the spicy shrimp nachos, and the hubby ordered the country fried steak nachos and the BBQ chicken nachos.While a fan of the buffalo chicken the others were good but not AS good. Hubby liked the C.F. Steak nachos (not for me - I'm not a fan of the gravy) but said the BBQ chicken nachos had a tang to it that he wasn't excited about.BUT it's the bacon & egg nachos that we keep coming back for. They are only available on the brunch menu (which I believe is now available 7 days a week 9-2??) but they are definitely worth driving 11 miles for.The service is great, the atmosphere is awesome and I really like the layout and the outside patio. If I lived closer this would definitely be a place I'd watch the morning football games. My husband and I said we would try to go at least 1x a month. It's pretty darn good!
4	This review is for 4.5 stars.If you love nachos, this is THE place for nachos. I'm not a health fanatic, but a real person who believes in exercise and moderation, so going to this place does not make me feel guilty- I do not have something like this everday. Some people love chocolate (my husband), some people love meat and potatoes (my older brother), and some people love nachos- yes, I AM that person. (Ok, I LOVE ice cream, too.) Ok, enough disclaimer, on to my review. At the top of the menu, it reads "Home of the Gourmet Nachos." And I totally agree!There were some interesting combinations (I'd like to try the thai nachos sometime), but the one we really wanted to try was the Enchilada Nachos- pulled chicken- very tender and seasoned perfectly, very cheesy, and well-topped with pickled jalapenos (I love medium-spicy). I'm a bit of nachos enthusiast, so I like when toppings are evenly distributed, just saying. I don't like when there are chunks of something, like sour cream or guacamole, in one spot only. Oops, I almost forgot to mention the mini jalapeno corn muffins- so warm, fresh and delicious!!! Now, that's a starter. And we did have the fried ice cream for dessert- talk about huge. I thought the nachos were over-the-top, but in a good way. Some of the chips were chocolate, and everything was topped with raspberry sauce, which I normally don't really like, but it sure worked here. Well, I had to stop because I was too full, and couldn't eat another bite. I don't think my husband wants to go anywhere else for nachos.  So, we went here again, this time for lunch; the crowd is smaller, compared to dinner. We chose the pulled pork nachos- complete with a white cheese sauce, bbq sauce, and topped with fried onion strings. This is a combination that you wouldn't really picture with nachos. But the savory combination did work very well, indeed. I did think that the topper (fried onion strings) was very generous. Anyway, what I am trying to say, is that there are ten types of nachos here and it sure is fun trying new things. There is the appetizer version and the entree version for a couple dollars more (we always choose the entree version because we share it). I think the next time we will try the "nacho average burger" nachos.  The decor is pretty casual. The servers are nice too. Clean place. Seats are booths as well as chairs & tables. The baby gets his own sling. All games are on the tvs (it's a sport bar), as well as videos for the music lovers. The womens bathroom (located up front) is unique, there are three different mirrored sinks, each with its own partition. But, since I am a new mommy, I did notice that there is no baby- changing station. Also, check out the picture booth, 2 strips is $2.00.
5	Love their chips and salsa !!!! Great food and great prizes, I lived near Nacho Daddy for 10 months before going there to eat. I had read some reviews and they weren't all that good but one day we decided to give it a chance and man o man was the food great. And all the waiters are super friendly.
5	Our New Mexican place. Good food
2	Eh...this place is just so-so.  I always wondered why the lot was full in the evening; maybe for happy hour, who knows.  We were there over lunch time after stopping in at another store in the area.  The nachos, while interesting, just weren't my thing.  My friend and I shared the chicken florentine nachos, the pulled pork nachos and each had a draft Modelo beer.  Sadly the Modelo was the highlight of our meal.  The nachos come in two sizes: the regular sharing portion and the entree portion for 4 dollars more.  We chose the regular sharing portion for both.  Two small plates of nachos and two draft beers shouldn't cost 35 bucks plus tip over the lunch hour in my opinion.  Service was so-so as well; never offered another round and never offered more napkins for our overly greasy fingers.  I can say I am set for about another year before trying this place again.
3	Me and my boyfriend were craving mexican food so we decided to try Nacho Daddy. Of course we order a plate of nacho's because we think..."Nacho Daddy" can't go wrong. To my surprise they stacked the plate high with chips but there was barely any toppings and it was cold. Our waiter looked to be about 18 and had NO clue about beers, when my boyfriend asked...what beers do you have? any wheat? she grabs him menu and says oh heres our list of beers. He asks again do you have any wheat beers? she says ummm yes we have a lot. When his beer came she brought a warm glass and poured the beer in the glass...giving him almost a half a cup of foam. I ordered their street tacos, which were delicious! I mean you can't really go wrong with tortilla, beef, cilantro and onions. I honestly think I would go back to this place, but not sure if I'll order their nacho's or beer.
4	This place has changed hands since my last review, and definitely for the better.  Not only are the nachos better, but the happy hour and daily special prices are great.  For happy hour the ceviche is delicious and they have their house margarita BOGO with good beer prices as well.  Also Megan is still there and very helpful, although when the bar area is busy she ends up with too many tables for any one server, but she manages to still get around pretty frequently.But let's talk about TACO and TEQUILA Tuesday.  Tuesdays this place gets 5 stars.  BOGO on tequila all night any brand, and this place has dozens of tequilas, my friend Alex is into tequila the way some guys are into scotch and loves the quality of several of their offerings.  And the street tacos which are corn tortillas made on site with high quality meat and served with salsa, are 3 for $3.33 or 10 for $10.  I could eat these every week and never be sick of them, the pork are the best, pulled meat with salsa and feta cheese on top.
2	Food was decent. The nachos were great but the tacos were just ok. Atmosphere was fun but not the greatest meal in Vegas.
1	First time we went to Nacho Daddy, the food was good, the service was good and we had a good time.  The next time three weeks later, the food was not fresh three of the four people in our party got sick.  I called and spoke to a hostest or the one who seats people in the front and she said she would have the manager call me back and that person has never called me back.  Very disapointed  Most likly will not return!  Poor food and poor follow thourgh!
3	Decided to give this place another chance. I love to support neighborhood establishments. The place was pretty crowded, which is great. There was a party on the patio and another party in bar. There was a little bit of a wait, and some confusion with the hostesses. They have a hostess stand with two ladies standing behind it, however there are several girls that stand to the left before you turn into the bar that you are supposed to check in with... We weren't the only ones that missed them. After being seated, our waiter asked for our drink order and was very friendly. We ordered our food along with chips & salsa, which still amazes me that they charge for them. Maybe a 2nd or 3rd basket.. but come on.. even Baja Fresh gives you chips why you wait... My husband ordered the Nacho Daddy burger which he said is probably one of best burgers he ever had.. I ordered a combination of the Shrimp & Fish tacos.. Highly recommend you try the fish tacos when you visit. They were pretty much everything you wish for in a taco.Lightly grilled fish.. cooked perfectly, crunchy slaw with a flavorful sauce..  Its served with black beans, which mine were cool.. but I understand when your busy cranking out food, some items don't always stay hot on the plate when completing the order.
3	Giving Nacho Daddy a star bump!Went today with Vanessa N and her hubs. Food was better than before and I think they have bumped up the quality and service! I'm still not 100% sold on their "nacho" sauce--I remembered when I was eating it why I didn't really care for it before. It tastes like Velveeta. I'm trying to eat less Frankenfood these days but I have never, ever, ever liked the taste of Velveeta. But everything else on the nachos was great!
4	The supreme nachos were good. I want to go back and try their other interesting nachos such as the thai chicken nachos or the buffalo wings nachos or the Florentine nachos.  The fried ice cream was very good.
5	Oh wow, what a find. I've always made jokes about the large Nacho Daddy billboard currently at I-215 and Eastern but I'm not laughing now. I'm smiling from ear to ear and planning a return visit. Where to start? First off the wait was short, they quoted 10 minutes and it was barely 5. From there things only got better. From a big bowl of guacamole that was priced right and was made with fresh ingredients to hot chips that were replaced without fuss with more hot chips when we ran low, the appetizers were good. As I had my fiancee and my son with me we ordered a soft taco off the kids menu, a Supreme Tostada nacho for her, and Florentine Nachos for me. The only thing in our carry out bag when we left was the soft taco as it was huge and my son loved the rice and beans and was full on that before even making it to the taco. Both of our nachos were loaded, and when they were brought to the table we were impressed. You definitely get a good value here, and these nachos were good all the way to the bottom, you were not left wishing you had more cheese or toppings to scoop up at the end. The chips were thin and crisp but strong enough to hold a lot of toppings without breaking apart. The Supreme Tostada nachos is their classic take on a loaded traditional nacho plate, it is everything you would expect to find, done right. But the Florentine Nachos...when I read the menu I was skeptical. But anything with sun dried tomatoes, prosciutto, and asiago, romano, and parmesan is usually not going to be a disappointment and my plate was left empty when I was done. This is the stuff that has you thinking that trying to explore the rest of the menu on a return visit will be very hard to do! On and on I can go with this but the best part of our experience was the service. It was incredibly good. From start to finish, we were taken care of. My 3 year old ended up touching our server's arm by accident as he was reaching for his drink and I was like uh-oh. Unlike some places where the server would recoil and freak out if they didn't like kids that didn't happen here. With 2 different servers they made my son feel comfortable and treated him right and even picked up a toy he dropped. But my fiancee and I were taken care of too...again chips were replaced on time, tea was taken care of. It was the way it's supposed to be. I try and not just hand out 5 star reviews. I'm known for my Absolutely Not and Jackassery lists so calling it as I see it is something I've clearly established my ability to do. But based on how good the food was, coupled with hands down the very best service I've received in Las Vegas in the past 2 years, 5 Stars is most appropriate. And I can't wait to go back and am already telling others about this place. (Our server was Chelsea, and I rarely name names in Yelp tips or reviews. But Chelsea raised the bar for me regarding how servers can be, and the customer service experience in general.)(Yelp 100 in 2013 Challenge #23)
2	This has actually been one of the most disappointing mexican places I've been to in a good long time. Went with a friend who ordered the BBQ chicken nachos, which had barely and of the cubed box chicken on it..but the worst part was it was so tiny for what it cost. $10 For something that small is ridiculous . I had the fish tacos which came off too sweet due to the mango they throw into it. I'm what you'd call a fish taco man and these were worst than Dell tacos. Not a recommended place even though i love the.name
4	Ordered take out for 12 people they told use 20 minutes, but little did we know it was going to be close to an hour. The food was slightly warm when we got to eat it. On the plus side the food was good, spicy but good!
4	Food is good! Outside eating is something I enjoy! Came on a Sunday afternoon and they have a guy singing (good voice) way to loud that it made the experience uncomfortable!
5	I wish I lived closer I'd eat here more often. Delicious combinations at a great price.
2	Went here for the first and last time. Food was decent. Had the BBQ nachos and tacos. Nachos were very good and tacos were just average. What really turned me off was when I went to the bathroom. It was absoultely disgusting!! There was a regular kitchen trash can in there that was FILTHY! It was covered with crud and what looked like urine. There were no spindles for the toilet paper so one of the rolls was on the dirty floor. If they don't care enough to keep the public bathroom at least somewhat clean, I can't imagine what the back area looks like. Won't go back for this reason.
1	Now I know why these guys have bad reviews!!!We have eaten here twice and this was the last. The first time was pretty good, wasn't sure why the bad reviews... Now I know. Went went May 4th and they were apparently promoting Modelo/Corona... At least their 12oz plastic cups. I ordered a Dogfish Head beer which comes draft(awesome right?!) but it was in this tiny cup unlike last time when it was at least 16oz's of awesomeness. I asked the waitress who was pretty meh I don't care at all and gave me this story about promoting Modelo(yuck) but if I wanted the rest of my beer she'd get me the other 4oz in another glass.... It's a $8 order of beer, if you're going to short me at least have it reflect on the check but she didn't. Oh and this time the same order we had last time of nacho's was soggy and not very good. Figure it out Nacho Daddy! What a waste of a name...Oh and what Mexican restaurant doesn't give you free chips and salsa?????
5	I loved the unique concept! This isn't your typical Mexican restaurant, its more of a fusion with modern American cuisine.Everyone loves nachos but a change in the traditional flavors was so refreshing and exciting to me. Thai chicken nachos are amazing! Buffalo chicken nachos? YES! For my healthier non-chip-eating friends, they loved the fajita salad and mexi-cob. You can tell everything they made was fresh and unique. The food and atmosphere was exactly what I was hoping for when my co-workers and I were searching for a place to meet up for Happy Hour. I was shocked to see an entire Vegan section on the menu, I'll be coming back to with my Vegan friends soon!
3	The very first time I came here was for a Yelp event and Nacho Daddy treated us like duchesses and dukes; great service and lots of food.  This was my second time in a more everyday setting:  happy hour on a Thursday night with three of my gal pals. We arrived by 5:30pm with half an hour to spare to get our cheap eats and drinks going.  Nerds that we are, my friends and I had already studied the menu online, so we had 99% confidence in our order hours before we arrived.  I knew I was getting the 2-for-$4 street taco deal(chicken, even though I'm reaching my chicken limit these days), and the Mexican-style corn on the cob (elote), plus one margarita, because that's really all I can handle for alcohol.  I figured that would be a fairly safe and healthy meal for dinner considering I was going to avoid rice, tortillas, and chips.  Well, I was disappointed in my street tacos.  I know they're supposed to be smaller, but there really was not that much chicken in them and no way am I going to reach my protein quota with those-not even 3 ounces between the two of them.  The corn on the cob, though, was muy delicioso!!  It's one ear of corn per order, cut in half.  I could have had two more orders, at least--who cares if the stuff gets stuck in your teeth?  I would return just for that.  Service was meh--no one really came to check on us once the food was delivered, which is always frustrating when your mouth is on fire (not mine) and/or you need to order more beverages, alcoholic or otherwise; I mean, we were sitting in the bar, after all.  I don't go to happy hours on the regular, but since this place is in Henderson and it's convenient for after work with many of my friends, I'll come back for more corn and maybe another adult beverage.
3	Their food is great since they changed the menu. Lots of variety. They also send us coupons in the mail which is an added bonus. Customer service is ok. Not bad, but not awesome. I give them 3 stars because they don't serve complimentary chips and salsa. You have to purchase them. This is a restaurant specializing in Mexican food. That makes no sense.
5	Omg!! So good wow the Nacho is so good I had the Enchilada Nachos try that one good good
3	After my first visit to Nacho Daddy I didn't think I'd ever come back (see the reason here: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/nacho-daddy-henderson?userid=UYcmGbelzRa0Q6JqzLoguw#vvSCsR6z5ae2NEu_XkqxWQ). Nearly two years later, we returned for trivia night and it was a much better experience. Bordering on 4 stars, but not quite. We arrived around 6:30 for trivia that starts at 7. One of the great things about this place, unlike other places in town that host trivia is that they allow you reserve tables. That's awesome. Service was incredibly slow as trivia got underway. Understandable since they were pretty busy, but honestly, if the restaurant knows they get busier on these days they need to staff accordingly. We decided to share some Nachos Florentine and they were so much better than our previous visit to Nacho Daddy. I was pleasantly surprised. The flavors were nice, but I still wish they would spread out the toppings better so that you're not left with tons of plain chips on the bottom of the stack. I appreciate all the different nacho offerings. They are quite creative. Service was slow throughout, albeit friendly. We won trivia that evening, which was a blast, so we'll be back next week to spend out $50 in winnings. Hopefully I can try some of their other offerings.
4	The one problem that I had was choosing which type of tasty nachos to order.  Great peach margaritas and the coconut flan was excellent too.  I will definitely be back on my next trip to Henderson.
2	I have to say, i am really not impressed with this place.  Service was spotty, the food was sub par.
3	This place has great nachos and for a great price. I brought my family for a b day dinner and it was worth it. We had a few margaritas that were very fresh and good. Come down to green valley it is worth the drive.
5	Amazing food, great prices, fun atmosphere and our server was a hoot! The vegan street tacos were off the hook. The only negative thing about the entire experience was trying to decide on what to order. Definitely going back soon!
4	I thought this place was great!  The best part is that you don't get some heaping serving when you order nachos! My friend and I went there for the first time and ordered one of their nachos and when it arrived the serving was more like and individual serving! I loved it! So we went ahead and ordered another one so we could share and have two different tastes! I would recommend this place for sure!
3	Food is always really good here. The guitar player they had in there on Sunday during lunchtime was bad. Unless you like listening to "now I know my ABC's", and songs like that.
4	First time there and I got enchilada nachos. :D
5	They have VEGAN options! Yay! The vegan nachos were huge and awesome. A bit steep compared to the rest of their non-vegan nachos ($17 versus about $10), but that is usually the case with such things, as vegan cheese and what-not is more expensive than regular. I had a cucumber margarita, which was also delicious. Can't wait to go here again!
4	Just got back! food was delicious, waiter was cool, atmosphere was fun and my friends and i had an awesome time! the photo booth is cheap too! fun little add at the end!Florentine nachos yum!
3	This is a nice restaurant with a sport bar atmosphere. Their menu consists of Nachos and Burgers.  The Hubby and I ordered the chicken Thai Nachos and the Shrimp Nachos.  Both were good, but the Shrimp Nachos were way to spicy to enjoy.  The average menu price is about $10 and if you want a larger order of nachos "entree size" they add about $4 more.I can see myself coming here again if I'm in the area, but I wont make a trip across town specifically for the restuarant. Dont get me wrong... its nice, but not great.
4	My friend and I have been avid nacho fans since the 7th grade. So on her last night out here visiting we decided to hit up Nacho Daddy and revel in the carbs. Plus, after depleting our bank accounts over the weekend a restaurant with a coupon is always good.For starters we got the Raspberry Margarita. It actually had a real raspberry taste instead of just the artificial one. Very good! And we split two Nacho skillets with our buy one-get one deal. The Thai Chicken Nachos came out first (they also brought a wrong order, but fixed it quickly and professionally) and they had a great flavor! I loved the Sweet Chili Sauce mixing in with the white queso-delicious! The majority of the toppings were just on top with some on bottom with many chips in between. We almost wanted more substance, but overall the chips were good.The Buffalo Chicken Nachos were our second round, and by this time we were already stuffed! Although we were incredibly thankful they did not come out at the same time. We got to avoid the sogginess that happens when queso is involved. These nachos were also very good. The buffalo sauce was not overwhelming and had a really good flavor and it complemented the cheese well. The chicken was really breaded and a little to "fake chicken" like for my taste but it tasted alright.Overall, great atmosphere for a nacho/pub joint. The place was clean, the service was friendly and the food was good. We came at the end of happy hour but they seem to have some great specials. Will I go back? Maybe, if other people want to go but I'm too much of a health nut to become a regular.
5	The 5 stars are for the margaritas that were made for my girlfriend and I.  The bartender made me a fresh muddled blackberry margarita.  it was 110 degrees outside and it was absolutely perfect. There is a reason a margarita takes 5-10 minutes to make because it was AMAZING!!!!  Kudos to her, i cant remember her name but she did say she makes them like she like to drink them which is a nice personalized touch, hopefully she reads this yelp and management puts it on the employee board!I cant wait to go and get 2 for 1 tequilas on Tuesday!!
3	This is a Happy Hour with Florentine Nacho Review.I've been in here a few times in the past & went in today for a quick happy hour snack.  I asked for a menu & the "bartendress" gave me the normal menu.  I had to put in a special request for the happy hour menu.  It wasn't a biggie, but she acted like she was clueless that it was happy hour.I've tried several "flavors" of their nachos before & most are pretty fucking nasty.  Meats & cheeses turn into pools of grease on your plate.  The only selection I can half way recommend is the Florentine Nachos (grilled chicken, sundried tomato, prosciutto & spinach in a asiago/romano/parmesan sauce over spinach chips.)  Warning...they will turn your #2 an odd green.  So green that you think you may be dying of something.  So far they haven't made me sick...just anticipate a color change in the pot after eating.It can sometimes be a challenge eating your nachos depending on how they are assembled.  Think of that 80s game Jenga...move the wrong nacho from the pile & you are fucked with bits & pieces of food landing all over the bar counter.Pretty limited selection of beers on tap, but the Union Jack Pale Ale is served ice cold at $5 a glass.  Much appreciated on a 110+ degree day in the desert.  I may need to be a bit more adventurous & try their other nachos, but every time that I do...I am disappointed.  Have I had better nachos elsewhere?  Hell yes...home for instance, but every now & then, I get a craving for the green ones that make me colorful on the inside.  3 stars for the Florentine nachos & ice cold beer..1-2 stars for their other nacho choices.
4	Nacho Daddy...I've tried you again and again and you have not let me down.In my initial review I was sad for the poor starving children and the wastefulness of the portions you serve.  I've now learned "how" to order off of your menu so I don't leave feeling less like a human because of my gluttonous ways.  Your bloody Mary's are amazing, but the Medium gave me enough kick without adding the habanero.  Half medium half mild suits my tastes (even though I always thought I could handle a kick).We love everything your restaurant has to offer for a quick bite after a long day wrangling cats (I mean kids), from the brunch menu (huevos nachos LOVE...but share), fajitas, mahi mahi tacos, ceviche, chips and salsa...oh and yes my margarita is always amazing.
5	I don't understand why their rating isn't higher. My family and I eat here pretty often because the salsa alone is just the best. The medium and mild are to die for. They have some interesting nachos. Florentine, BBQ pulled pork, and cheeseburger nachos are the only ones I've tried. I thought all were pretty good, florentine being my favorite. Overall, I think they are pretty good and definitely worth giving a try.
4	Love this place. I was happy to find it and the portions are GREAT. To bad I put them in the microwave the next day, Didn't fair to well. I suggest couples go here. I also like the fact they didn't make a big deal out of me being in uniform. I met my wife for dinner and I was in uniform and armed. I thought they might have an issue, but they sat us in the back and where generally happy to serve me. I cant say rather they had an issue or not with me being armed, but they didn't say anything. As for the food. I love their Nacho's, its the only reason I go there.
5	Absolutely loved it here. Shrimp tacos were awesome and Jenna was a great server.
1	Worst service I have ever had in Las Vegas. Nachos are good but not worth te extremely bad service or the mediocre house margaritas. Would not suggest anyone go here. TERRIBLE SERVICE!
3	The service started out Ok but slowed down later. I really do not like having to wait too long to get the check after it is obvious that I'm done eating and the server was guilty of that. Overall the food was good. Next time I will go for the fish tacos as my wife really enjoyed them.
4	This place is so awesome! The food was so tasty, especially the spicy shrimp nachos. Servers could've been more personable but it was great!
3	Came here the other day and ordered the Thai Chicken Nachos and BBQ Chicken Nachos. My husband and I had the personal size of each one and it was a pretty good portion. Overall, the nachos were interesting and tasty but I think I expected a little more from the Thai Chicken Nachos but I'm willing to try this place again and get something else next time. They're a little overpriced in my opinion but I would definitely come back during happy hour when nachos are only $6 instead of $10. Can't say much about the service since we ordered takeout but the hostess was very nice! We will be back to try out more nachos. Good place for groups since they have lots of seating.
2	A friend of mine texted me regarding a persistent nacho craving. Nacho Daddy seemed to be the best solution.We were seated very quickly upon arrival and had drinks not too long after that. I had the Fajita Salad, Boyfriend had the carne asada tacos and our nacho-craving buddy had the Spicy Buffalo Nachos (entree size). The food took quite a while to materialize, but we were plied with some absolutely delicious jalapeno corn muffins. I was pretty pleased with my salad. It was big, served in a tortilla bowl and had plenty of non-lettuce bits. I will ask for it with no cheese next time (tasted remarkably like feta and there was *way* too much of it). The carne asada tacos were on the smaller side, served with rice and beans. Probably enough food for the average person, but did not get any rave reviews from Boyfriend (did not satisfy his constant Mexican food craving). The nachos seemed unimpressive to me. The pile was certainly large, but there was a poor chip:topping ratio; I expected there to be much more in the way of toppings. Having sampled some of the other nacho flavors there, I suspect that this was just a poor menu choice. The other nachos are great (seems like the "fancier" you go, the tastier they are),The service definitely left something to be desired. Every interaction with the waitress was almost painfully awkward. I'm not sure we will return.
2	I had high hopes for Nacho Daddy but the food didn't quite deliver. Based on my experience at the Yelp event held here earlier this year I was excited to come back and try them out for a full dinner. At the end of the meal, everyone I was with agreed that the food was so-so and nothing special. I had the carne asada taco plate, another person had the buffalo nachos and the other had the grilled fish tacos. Food=average, service=good, atmosphere=average. Based on the food, I probably won't be back.
1	Horrible for the overpriced food
4	I've been here twice now. The first time I ordered their Fiesta Chicken Nachos. They were absolutely delicious. They have an individual size and an entree sized portion. The next time I went I sprang for the entree sized portion of the BBQ Chicken Nachos and noticed no difference in portion size. So just get the individual size and save yourself $4. Both types of nachos were delicious and their White Peach Margarita is absolutely incredible. Staff is friendly. Food comes out within a reasonable amount of time. Their patio is great at night.
4	We have been here several times and have always had a fantastic meal!
3	Nachos are a weakness so I was really excited to try Nacho Daddy. We had a coupon for a free nacho skillet so we used that to get us started with Thai Chicken Nachos ($8.95). Chicken, Veggies, sweet chili sauce, queso with peanuts and sesame seeds  are piled high on tortilla chips. It's kind of hard to eat without having the tower of nachos topple over and fall onto the table. I wished the skillet was oversized to accommodate fallen chips. The menu advertises these to be spicy hot. They weren't not. There was a mild sweet heat, but definitely not spicy nor hot. That was disappointing. Moving onto entrees, our party of three tried the carne asada big daddy burrito ($13.95), fajita cheesesteak sandwich ($10.95) and street tacos ($2.95 ea).  All was edible, though, none was notable. We felt each dish was overpriced for quality of what was presented. Add beers to wash it all down and we accumulated a hefty tab in no time. Service was sparse and brash. I'd return for the nachos; happy hour seems most appealing.
4	The best thing about this restaurant is Jenna. She's an amazing person and an amazing waitress. I wish the best for her. The nachos were wonderful as was the rest of our food. Thank you!
3	Been here a few times, really good chips and salsa. My burritos are always super heavy on rice and not so much on the meat which is the only thing i dislike. Always great service tho
5	I hear Mr. Hseih is building one downtown and I've been wanting to try it for some time.  I've stayed away until now because the restaurant was put into the building that once was El Jefe's which was my favorite and I am still mourning the loss of both the El Jefe's and the owner.  However, I digress . . . I will say the 5 stars is directly related to the service from Chelsea who was amazingly knowledgeable about the menu.  She was a rockstar, which is not necessarily a rating given regularly from my partner, who was formerly a Director of Operations for a restaurant conglomerate.  He is a tough critic.Things Chelsea did to make us love her . . .- talked directly to my 4 year old (which he LOVED) and recommended he try the Cactus Juice -- he couldn't wait to tell her "that was my favorite drink ever"- recommendations overall were great - I loved the Lychee Marg she recommended when I decided the skinny girl margs were not cutting it - She was obviously working "kids corner" for that evening - and she was still maintaining a good attitude(parents you are all familiar with this, everyone dining with kids gets sat in the same corner - which generally equates to the same section, which then customarily means the server handling kids corner gets ran ragged, has to clean up 10x the mess of a regular table and has to deal with screaming, crying, running, complaining, etc. and sometimes gets screwed on tips because many parents are so used to having toddlers they don't realize what a pain it is to serve them and clean up after them when you didn't give birth to them)Now to the food -- for me Spicy Shrimp Nachos entree - magnificent - i loved the flavors together - the salsa seemed smokey which went well with the cilantro, white cheese and shrimpies  Delicious with a couple margs.  For my man - Burger and Beer for $10, a Blue Moon and a Cheeseburger with a huge burger patty, he seemed pleased.  For the little guy - a cheese quesadilla - perfectly plain just how he likes it.We'll go back - looking forward to the downtown venue right outside my office window :)
1	Ordered a carne asada beef burrito.....it's 99% bean just so you know.  Be prepared for disappointment. The waitress was nice and she said that this is a common complaint from customers. The manager came over and explained that their burritos are made pre-portioned and they use really good beef so you get less. That's what the cook told her, I won't call him a "chef" like she did. Someone should tell him that some people like beef burritos and some people like bean burritos. That's why there are different kinds. You don't jam a beef burrito full of beans and put a trace amount of beef and call it a beef burrito. Had street tacos, chicken and beef, they were so bland.  Must not have seasonings in the kitchen. Lindo Michoacan is a MUCH better choice. Every dish lacked seasoning. They will not be open long.  You can only survive so long on "first time" customers before the word gets out.  I was there on a Saturday night at 8:30.  Prime time for Saturday night dinner crowd, but there were many empty tables here.  A sign of things to come for Nacho Daddy.  Too bad.
4	I don't live near Nacho Daddy, so it's not a place I will find myself frequenting.  I was working near the location,  and meeting a friend for lunch, so we decided to meet there. The waitress was very enthusiastic that we tried the special,  carne asada tacos on homemade flour tortillas with manchego cheese. We both got the special,  and let me tell you, those tortillas are magical. I am drooling thinking about them. The cheese was gooey and a perfect match. The carne asada was good, but nothing extraordinary.  It needed some sort of a special sauce though, like a spicy chipoltle mayo sauce, like the one Rubios uses on their gourmet taco. The waitress said they were thinking of adding it to the menu permanently if enough people liked and ordered it. So order it and get it added!
3	Ordered: Enchilada Nachos, Carne Asada Nachos, Spicy Shrimp Nachos, and 1/2 Shrimp/Mahi Mahi Tacos. Enchilada Nachos were just regular nachos with enchilada sauce. Carne Asada Nachos were decent. Pretty basic comparable to to nachos I've had in CA. The shrimp nachos were good, but the shrimp wasn't cooked very well. The jalapenos were clutch though. The tacos were pretty good with mango salsa and served with rice and beans. It was decent food, didn't stand out too much from past Mexican food I've had before. But if I'm ever craving nachos, this is where I'll go.
2	We went there for lunch it was not crowded waitress seemed overwhelmed and not very friendly. I ordered a large nacho this came out on a oval skillet platter and it was really small the extremely large pile of nacho loveliness was scary I started at the top and worked my way in this caused a avalanche of nachos into my lap. And the middle chips were dry. I also ordered a margarita the mango one it tasted like straight alcohol and yes it was blended so will I go back probably not could it be a better place yes but they need to get bigger plates and not use the fajita skillets for the large nachos
1	I love Nachos, so i thought Nacho Daddys would be my favorite restaurant. Um, NO! It was noisy, the food was bad, and the servers were very unfriendly. Its a shame that they hired these poor employees. I will never go here again, unless they get new staff, new management, and a whole new menu!
4	Holy happy hour, batman!Came to Nacho Daddy absolutely famished, and left not being able to finish! My friend and I sat in the bar area for happy hour. She ordered two street tacos and queso dip, while I went ahead and ordered the Nacho Average Burger Nachos. There were also quesadillas, Elote (corn), and more giant nacho plates to choose from! Apparently, what I got was smaller than the original-non-happy-hour sized nachos, but I definitely couldn't tell! Imagine a big juicy burger. Complete with bacon, diced onions, and loads of cheese. Now, imagine that juicy burger (sans the bun) all chopped up and stacked with delicious chips! DROOL. We ordered the 2-4-1 margaritas (good for the original and strawberry ONLY). I would definitely come back to try the white peach margarita. Absolutely everything that passed our table while we waited for our food (which came pretty quickly) smelled and looked phenomenal!I also really appreciated that smoking is not allowed in the restaurant. This California girl is used to her restaurants without a side of nicotine.  Happy hour is from 3-6 p Monday through Wednesday/Thursday I believe. Great service and excellent food -- go check them out!Keep it up, Nacho Daddy. I will definitely be coming back!
4	Pretty good and interesting nacho's.
5	when a visiting friend says lets meet for lunch. somewhere local! I was like ok we are going to Nacho Daddy! It was a hit! it was myself and 5 other ladies and everyone left happy and full.there was a mix of different nachos ordered but i will focus on my own due to i didnt try anyone elses.I had the nachos florentine. It was amazing with the spinach chips and creamy cheese! sundried tomatoes and i think proscuttio. I had indi size and it was perfect. as you know with nachos if not eaten quickly they tend to get soggy so no left overs but i will be having these again. and they had lil appetizer corn muffins to die for!
3	I've been wanting to try this place & I received a coupon. My dad watches the baseball game at 4. We had to get it to go. There was no Togo coupon. I ordered a supreme nachos & a buffalo pizza. I parked in the Togo area. No Togo booth, no one greeted me, but greeted the people walking in after me. Then finally someone said have you been helped. It seemed like no one knew what they were doing. The food came out quickly &  I left. I didn't like ground beef, but I rarely eat that meat. The buffalo pizza was good. I would go back to try other foods. Hopefully wont get the 4pm service again. I hope there is 8 slices to a pizza because it looked like someone ate one.
5	I was thoroughly impressed with this place. Awesome beer (120 Minute? Are you kidding me?! How great!)! Great atmosphere with lots of TVs to watch the game and the food was wonderful. The enchiladas are fresh and tasty and the guacamole was wonderful! Kimmi, our server had a bubbly and fun personality. I would totally recommend this place to anyone in the Las Vegas area!
5	Omg when I am craving fish tacos, Nacho Daddy is my go-to. The fish tacos here are grilled and they come with a delicious homemade mango salsa. Everything tastes really fresh and the waitstaff is very nice but also casual.The location is right up the road from my office and they were very efficient with their take out service. But when you dine-in, I would definitely recommend the margaritas. My favorite is the Daddy's. Order it.I wish they were closer to Summerlin but I heard they are opening a second location in downtown Las Vegas, so I will definitely be visiting that one soon ;)
5	I just moved back to Las Vegas from Arizona but my parents live here and every time I came to visit my mom and I would come to Nacho Daddy. It's always been a pleasant experience for us.We were promptly seated and served water while we debated on our drinks. Our order was taken quickly without any hiccups (so I'm not sure what the bad reviews are talking about)I really do love their salsa because their hot is actually decently hot. I might have a slight addiction to spicy food so when I say I want it hot I mean it. We are OBSESSED with their fish tacos. No, I mean it. Go try them...like now.I love that I can always catch up on any sports team while I am there because they do have so many screens around the dining and bar area. But seriously this is my go to place for this side of Vegas, you will not be disappointed!
5	Excellent food and service! Trivia is so much fun!
5	Nacho Daddy has a great vegan menu! I've tried the Tex-Mex Burrito and the Vegan Nachos, and both were beyond amazing. Our server, Christian, was very friendly and knowledgeable.
5	I seriously LOVE Nacho Daddy! The food is so good and the margaritas are yummy!! We take the family almost every Tuesday for Taco Tuesday! It's such a great deal!! 10 street tacos for $10 the pork tacos are my absolute favorite but they're all really good!!
2	Nacho Daddy has been getting pretty good reviews lately and since we were close by, why not stop in? I ordered the Supreme Tostado Nacho's and my wife had the Daddy's Wings. The nachos themselves were huge, a lot of toppings...but not very much meat which was weird. I can't see why the amount of taco meat was so small on a plate of nachos that cost $13. Everything else seemed right though, they give you a good amount of guacamole and all the ingredients seemed fresh. My favorite part was the avocado lime salsa, it is killer! My wife didn't have as much luck with her food. She ordered the wings and asked for them extra crispy but they came out undercooked and with too much sauce making them really soggy. The wings come with a dip, which we asked for ranch and got blue cheese. No problem, they got it swapped out pretty quick. Now the problem...there's something in the ranch that's not supposed to be there. We pulled out 3 big dark chunks of something that I think maybe the kitchen dropped in the ranch and had been sitting in there a while. I'm not sure what it was but it was big, soggy and nasty...when I find things in my food that shouldn't be there, it's all over for me.I was going to give them one star but the waiter noticed my wife stopped eating her food and without us saying a word, he offered to take the wings off the bill. We may try Nacho Daddy again but it won't be for a while. For me, the good service and decent nachos didn't outweigh the high prices and weird crap in my food.
5	I am never disappointed with Nacho Daddy! I have come several times for happy hour, lunch with a friend, or just to hang out, read, and enjoy some nachos. The service is fantastic every time! The Sunday morning Mimosas are great and I am addicted to the Thai Chicken Nachos!
4	I thought the food was good here, esp. considering it's basically a sports bar restaurant. I was really surprised when I asked the hostess if they could make something vegetarian for me and she pulled out a vegan/vegetarian menu with maybe 8-10 items listed. This makes it easy for everyone. I pick out the item on this menu, the waiters don't need to know a lot about vegan vs. vegetarian, and they simply tell the chef what I picked out. The helpings are a little too generous, but nobody ever complains about having too much food left over to take home.
3	I give it 3 stars because I feel generous. They have a really nice bar. Its the first bar I've seen that had Cabo Wabo. So that's pretty good... Just everything else they fumbled with. My mother ordered a cocktail and 10 mins later I ordered one. Mine came out first. She had to ask not once but, twice to get her drink.  I ordered a burger but, they forgot to take that completely. My mother ordered soup. They forgot that. I saw this waiter bringing out nachos. I look at him as if to say "yeah that's ours" He wanders around through 4 tables before finally serving us our appetizer They fumbled the drinks. They fumbled on the main course. Everything took a little too long. but, the food was good.  I saw the supervisor check on us twice with an white envelope in her hand. She waited until after the bill was paid to give us the envelope. It was a $10 gift certificate. To make up for the lost order of soup and a burger. It was just barely enough to keep me from being outraged. Though, the nice big bar and the good food kept me from being outraged. I'll give it another shot.This place still needs work.
3	I ordered the enchiladas, and they were just right - excellent, homemade sauce, good proportions of tortilla and filling, right portion size. I was plenty happy with that. I got the queso dip, but it seemed a bit doughy, like the base sauce had too much flour. I'll give it another try before I decide whether this is a worthwhile trip.My wife ordered the florentine nachos, and she was pleased with them. I wasn't a fan, but it could be because that was totally not what I was in the mood to eat. My son got regular nachos which were nothing to write home about.My other son got the Philly Cheesesteak Fajita. Interesting concept, wasn't wild about the execution. The server was really nice and friendly, and the atmosphere is great for families. I'll be giving it another shot.
3	This is a 3.5 star review.  Why can't we give half stars, Yelp??!?!?!?!We had lunch at Nacho Daddy on a Monday.  It was a little busier than I thought it would be, but we got right in.  Our server immediately took our drink order and we got some chips with queso and salsa.  The "medium" salsa had almost no heat, I guess the mild is just ketchup.  Next time, we will get hot.  It mixed really well with the queso, which needed more peppers/onions.  I highly recommend mixing the salsa into the queso, they went well together.  You have to pay either $1 or $2 for salsa with the queso, which was annoying, but we would get it again.  Like I said, we would just go with the hotter version.To eat, I had the lunch special, which is your choice of 2 tacos or enchiladas with rice and beans.  I think it was $8.29, I know it was less than $9.  It was a lot of food.  The mahi mahi taco was HUGE, but the fish was not seasoned.  It had nice grill marks on it, but lacked flavor.  Again, I found myself wanting more heat.  It's size and the number of ingredients made it difficult to eat.  The mango salsa was good, but not great.  The pork enchilada was tender and moist.  I would get the enchilada again.The wife had a ground beef chimichanga, which was HUGE.  Even with me having a couple of bites, we brought home more than half.  It has a lot of sour cream and guac on top.  It has rice and beans inside, which was okay, but I would have preferred the interior be mixed more.  Some bites were all rice or all meat.  The ones with everything were great.  We brought this home and cooked it the next day for lunch in our toaster oven.  I think it's the first time we have had fried food leftovers that got BETTER the second day.  I don't know why, but this thing was fantastic the next day, it improved like chili or a stew would.  I think next time we eat here we will get a chimichanga to go and split it the next day for dinner.
4	They have a vegan friendly menu, which is awesome! However, that menu is not cheap...$18 for the nachos! The beer selection is varied and the service is friendly. Overall, I like this place a lot. Just wish it wasn't in Henderson. I will have to try out the one downtown next.
5	We meet there every Wednesday and it's always awesome. Megan is a great waitress and I love the Big Daddy burger!
5	So I gave this place another chance and yes it was good. REDEMPTION! I ordered the burger and it was the best burger I've had in a long long time. I've given second chances to places that I thought had potential and those places failed me but, this place more then made up for it. Its the first redemption of a restaurant I've seen in a long long time. Megan or however she spelled it was a good waitress and it my meal was handled seamlessly.  Definitely check this place out if you're in the neighborhood. Dessert is also amazingly good. The flan was probably the best desert I've ever had in a Mexican restaurant. So in a wordREDEMPTION!
4	The food is pretty good.  They have a pretty good variety also.  It is better than just "bar food."  The staff is great!  Even better is our server every week, Megan.  She is fast, efficient, gets our drinks and expedites our food order which is generally quite large.  She makes sure there's one less thing for our meeting group to worry about.
5	I eat lunch here every single Wednesday for a business network group called LeTip. I've tried almost everything on the menu it's all good! Megan is an awesome waitress and always gets my order perfect...and I'm a little picky. I highly recommend giving Nacho Daddy a try!
4	It was early afternoon so the place was basically empty. I was seated immediately. The ice tea was weak so I probably wouldn't order it again and plus is was a whopping $2.95. Next time I'll go with water. The food: I really enjoyed the Supreme Tostada Nachos. They were perfect once I added a little bit of salt & pepper along with some Tapatio.I'll be back.
4	This was our first visit to Nacho Daddy. Kim our waitress was excellent in her suggestions! I ordered the spicy shrimp nacho and my wife got the buffalo chicken nachos. Both were great and Kim was excellent and kept checking on us. The buffalo chicken had too much sause for my wifes desire but Kim informed her to order the sauce on the side next time as each order can be customized to to your liking. We will definitely return.
1	Worst dining experience of my life.  I wish I could say that was an exaggeration.  Went on a first date here thinking it'd be a fun place to nosh and chat.  However, our waitress didn't even take our drink order for 20minutes, but she did swing by to tell us she'd be back to take it.  After another 10 minutes with no drinks my date got up and asked the hostess to bring us our drinks.  She did, and then we kindly asked her to send our waitress over to take our order (as that had not happened either).  When the food finally arrived it was so tainted by our poor service we had no desire to eat it.  Our waitress never came back to us, never asked how we were doing, nothing.  Wish the food had been worth it to stay after all that, but it wasn't.  We were very very disappointed.  We got up and left.  The manager was nice enough to comp our meal, but it didn't make up for it.  Worst first date ever?  Yes.  Second date?  Nope.  Thanks Nacho Daddy.
1	Had a $13.... 16oz brew.  I guess nacho daddy thinks they are located in the aria?  What a joke... I thought it was a local bar
4	Not much of a Mexican fan, especially since most places around are fast food types and not formal dining, but I was pleasantly surprised. We got the fajitas (well first someone nearby got the fajitas and the combination of the sizzle and the smell made me crave them beyond what is normally humanly acceptable). We got the combo chicken shrimp fajitas. I will say they were pretty good. Portion was quite large and ended up taking some home. There was sooo many peppers and onions, a lot of chicken, and a decent amount of shrimp. Only part that was on the small side was the guacamole. Taste wise, everything was good, just not over the top great. Guac didn't taste that fresh, but the chicken and shrimp were well cooked and seasoned along with the peppers and onions.Ambiance- the game was on, but didn't really bother us in the dining area. Staff- out waiter was great, very attentive. On top of everything. They were about a third full in the dining area, and our guy looked like he had a few tables. But I never needed to look for him.Overall- I wouldn't say this is the best Mexican I have had, but it it's proximity to home, great staff, and decent food certainly warrants a return trip
2	Well I ordered the street tacos & were great. Very disappointed about the shrimp nachos, we didn't like those & obviously were expecting great nachos from Nacho Daddy. What really bothered us though was the tap water that we ordered, it was disgusting so make sure you actually order a drink if you go to this place
4	Just had to update and say their servers here are great! This past visit kudos to staff. Our server was cool and the chef accommodating. Got Mr. B's guacamole made w/o the pico added. Thank you! And to the lead manager who came to our table and addressed us on the beer we requested. Apologized for it wasn't in stock even though it was still listed on menu. No biggie. He did offer to put us on a wait list for it. (Dogfish Head IPA 120) ..Is it my imagination or did the serving for the side of the Mexican corn shrink in size? Still good, but I don't know if I'll order it again for that much $. Aww and sad no more mini corn muffins.Love the Nachos Florentine! And I like how it's plated now on a wider plate vs the smaller one with the chips stacked high. No more playing Jenga with my chips! Still have yet to try the fajitas! I'll get around to it soon!
5	The addition of Nacho Daddy downtown Vegas will offer another great place to watch sports and enjoy great food almost 24x7.They also have an extensive coffee menu. It may be the best place for coffee downtown.
5	Great burritos ! Went here for dinner. It was great food and drinks. Loved the salsa. Loved the chicken burrito.
1	I am not impressed with Nacho Daddy. My husband and I went to this location when they first opened and their food was terrible! They served stale chips with their salsa from a jar. Sadly we tried them again months later and their food had not improved. Again, months later, friends of ours wanted to try the Trivia they had on Wednesdays nights. We hoped enough time had passed that they a clue how easy it is to make Mexican food taste good. No such luck. But, we continued to go every Wednesday for over a year,  because it was fun to hang out with friends, and see how well we could do at trivia. (thank goodness I had time to eat at home before I went)A couple weeks ago they decided that the trivia company was causing them to lose money, and fired them. Needless to say, I'm stoked we don't have to go to nacho daddy anymore!! I'm so tired of greedy people and businesses. Trivia used to have at least 15-20 teams every Wednesday, and the teams were between 2-10 people each. All consuming sub par food and drinks (not at reasonable prices).  I know our team had at least $100 tabs every Wednesday, and I may not be good at math, but that seems like more money than they deserve for the crap they dare to put on a plate and pretend it's a decent meal.
2	Originally we stopped by for... Well, Nachos and after sitting at the bar for 15 minutes, the bar tender came over to tell us the kitchen was closed ( current time: 11:10) with a lovely attitude. Fine- we didn't stay.
4	The food was great. Had a burger and supreme nachos. The burger was really great many layers of flavor. Chelsea was our waitress and she made the expierence enjoyable. She has a bubbly personality, is knowledgeably the menu and was quick and efficient. I would eat there again.
5	Was wondering why this place didn't have a higher overall score, but I see that it's due to just a couple low reviews skewing it down. My experience was great. Before even knowing about this new joint downtown, I had Mexican corn on the cob from their booth at the Life is Beautiful Festival. Delish!! I planned to go back for another one in the second day of the festival, but my friend and I stumbled across the new Nacho Daddy restaurant just off Fremont St. before we entered the festival. We decided to eat lunch there instead, and it ended up being a great decision.I had the street tacos, one of each kind (steak, chicken and pork) and the Mexican corn. The corn was just as good as I remembered, and the street tacos were amazing. My friend had the Nacho Average Burger Nachos and really enjoyed them. I also had the raspberry margarita, which is made with their agave nectar and homemade sweet and sour. It was very yummy!The restaurant/bar had opened just a few weeks before. The decor and atmosphere are really nice, with a large bar separate from the dining area. The service was great too; all the waitresses were really friendly and attentive. Although I don't frequent downtown Vegas much, I'd totally go back to Nacho Daddy if I'm there again.
5	I love Nacho Daddy! Hands down they have the best margaritas...you've got to try the raspberry mmmm! I always go on Wednesdays for trivia and I really like the new way they are running it. It's a great place to come to relax with some friends, drink, eat and play some trivia. As far as the food is concerned they have everything from salads to nachos to even a vegan/vegetarian  menu. The BBQ chicken nachos and chicken quesadilla are some of my favorites. Service is something I'm very big on and it's always fast and friendly. I always end up in Angie's section and she's great!
4	Margaritas and everything are delicious! I had the Buffalo Nacho Pizza, yummy! :)
2	11 dollars for nachos is high so I figured they would be huge. Well I was wrong. A good size but very cheap on the meat. The bar was dirty and when I came in I was the only person at the bar. Sat 4 min with an empty drink. Over all average. There are other places to try. That's where u will find me.
2	Nacho Daddy happens to have a vegan menu, which is awesome. The server we had was very nice but somehow my meal got mixed up and I ended up with something non-vegan. My friend from Vegas eats here all the time, she's a vegan and loves it but I wasn't impressed. Receiving the wrong meal kind of put me off and I didn't really enjoy the food either. It may have just been an off day but unfortunately, I can't give a good recommendation for it.
4	If you are craving good quality nachos this is the place to go! We tried the supreme tostada nacho and it was just great! They have a pretty good selection of nachos fromThai to italian and of course the best mexican style nachos! What i like the most was the beer selection... They carry my favorite beer, the Belgium golden ale duvel! This is a difficult beer to find around town so i'm glad they have it!! The only problem is that they won't serve it in the proper glass :(Overall, they have a great bar atmosphere, good service and tons of tvs to enjoy the game!
5	Our server Kenna was fantastic! I have been in the service industry for 15 years and its hard to find good service but Kenna went above & beyond. We will be back & will be requesting Kenna!
2	Applebee's quality food, ridiculously high prices. Just dined here for the first time. Ordered the street corn appetizer, $5 gets you ONE piece of corn, tough pre-frozen corn. Enchilada nachos tasted like canned/frozen typical bar food (think Sysco Systems) and barely fed two people, which seems crazy for the $10 price tag. The ONE redeeming quality was the blood orange margarita, which was delicious, but not good enough to make up for the subpar, overpriced food. Will not be returning.
5	First time here.  The food and the blackberry acai  margarita or as our awesome server Kim  called it "The Goodness" were delicious!  Very happy with her drink recomendation. Great atmosphere,  fast service and Kim was super nice.  We'll be back for sure!
5	We stopped by the Nacho Daddy to watch the Sunday night Eagles game and were pleasantly surprised by the wonderful service and delicious food at this great neighborhood bar. Our server Kim was smiling and super friendly,  she gave great recommendations for food and drinks and also filled us in on all the great specials throughout the week. BTW Tuesdays is 2 for 1 margaritas! Restaurant was clean,  staff was smiling and helpful, we will definitely be back again!
5	Before coming here I heard great things about the place, not only about the nachos but also the other food choices that they offer. (Pizza, burgers, sandwhiches, salads, etc). I came here with my family and we all wanted to try the nachos and for the price I would have to say It wasn't too bad. The average price of the nachos were about $10 bucks and it was a decent size. We also ordered their special carne Asada nachos which was pricey ($15). All in all I would recommended and go again in the future
4	I've been here twice and only tried their nachos.  The enchilada and tostada nachos were very good and it's served on a hot skillet.  Beer was also served cold and service was welcoming.
1	Weird experience. I went with my  dad and my husband and we asked for a booth, and the waitress said, sure let me clean off the booth. A group of four came in behind us and asked for a booth as well... She said sure follow me... What?!? We waited a good five minutes while she cleaned off a table (sooo long when you're watching the booth you should have gotten get drinks...) them she sits us at a super tiny 3 top... I looked at her and said "have you looked at dad???" (He's pushing 300 lbs)  She just kind of didn't get why it was a problem to force us to sit at a tiny three top (it was a 6 top table that had a booth half way around the table) We ended up leaving because she just didn't get why it was frustrating to make us wait for a tiny table and then asking if we wanted to wait some more... Annoying in the land of a million delicious Mexican restaurants.
4	We go to Nacho Daddy every other Wednesday for trivia night. We couldn't ask for better service. Johnny and Angie are always there right away to take our drink order and then continue to come back throughout the night to check on us and get us what we need, before we have to ask. I highly recommend Nacho Daddy for Johnny and Angie's service alone!!!
5	We've been laughing at the name of this restaurant for about 3 years just driving by, and finally decided to go there to try something new expecting another sports bar. It was great! They have a complete menu for vegans & vegetarians - including mango tacos, fajita tofu salad (quite spicy, but the sauteed tofu spiced and prepared perfect) the vegan nacho has a vegan patty crumbles over it. Really great stuff. My husband had some chicken tacos, that he liked. Kids meal has lots of options too - both Mexican and American cuisine choices (only 4.99 & includes a drink). And then of course all the nachos - they have nacho combinations with inspirations from other cuisines, quite interesting and a lot of them sound amazing. The only minus for me - no wine list. Beer list is definitely making up for it though with some great Belgian beer and smaller American microbreweries, they also offer draft beer mixes (!) Really interesting...  Some items are definitely pricier than expected, like the fried ice cream dessert - 7.95 I believe, but it is big - more than enough to share for 3-4 people and its basically deep fried vanilla ice cream with raspberry and chocolate chips and lots of whipped cream. The service was absolutely great, waitress was exceptionally knowledgeable of the extensive menu, and courses came in very timely fashion. Overall highly recommended if your looking for some contemporary quality Mexican food.
1	I've been to ND twice and both times have been disappointing. I literally don't understand how this restaurant has 4 stars? The last time I went I had dinner at the bar with friends. Service was great! My enchilada nachos were disgusting, but I had to eat because I was starving and drinking. I don't think I'll ever be back.
4	I've been here 3 times and always gotExcellent food and decent to excellent service.  The nachos are huge portions and come out tasty and hot!  The fajitas are excellent!  The deserts, and we shared several, were decent IMO.  My sister and daughter liked them more and to be honest I  not a big Mexican-dessert fan.  Have and would go back!
2	The food was, how to say this without offending, white people version of Mexican.  It was bland to the taste, overcooked and bland, and god forbid they make it themselves rather than pour it directly out of the can. It was edible, though slightly overpriced for what you get.
3	Stopped in for dinner. The service was good. They let me substitute some sides, which was nice.  I had the mahi mahi tacos. They were really flavorful but the shells were a little on the greasy side. I could only eat one whole one. The other one I gutted but the fish was moist and tasted fresh.  Their hot salsa had a great flavor and some nice heat to it. Over all I give them 3 1/2 stars. It's not a bad place but I just wasn't overly impressed.
1	Came in with my family to eat. Recieved a bottomless chips and salsa. With a rubber band in it. Yummy. Not really. It was really. Pretty nasty. Its a shame. Because I love this place. But didnt like the treatment the manager gave us. The server was nice. That was the reason for atleast one star. But I dont think i will be coming back. Need to work on guest service and compensation. Im not talking about $2.95 for the chips and salsa. Maybe we need a health inspector to come down and check this place out. Or a dirty dining channel 13 stop....
4	We really enjoyed our dinner here.  When we arrived we went into the bar but they were having Trivia Night and since I don't know anything we went into the restaurant area.Great service (Terra K) and the food was delicious.  My wife had the Carne Asada Tacos which were large with thick but light and flaky tortillas.  I opted for nachos since this is their primary draw.  Had the Supreme Taco Nachos and the ingrediants were top notch.  Normally you get more chips than toppings but not here, I had good stuff until the end.  Chose the hot salsa which was good but not on fire, I would call it gringo hot, but if you are from the midwest you might want to choose a more mild version.Although not necessary we thougt we would split a dessert and chose the Flan.  Very good and just about right for 2 people that have just stuffed themselves.  We will be back and give the Happy Hour a try.  Oops, forgot to add that they start you off with two moist and tasty jalepeno corn bread biscuits - could have eaten dozen.
3	The food I HAVE tried has been just so-so. Nachos at lunch, a Cuban sandwich. The margaritas however? Get stars for that alone!!They have so many to choose from... Blackberry seems to be the most popular. It has real berries and all their margaritas taste like they have fresh fruit or ingredients. Guava, white peach and the spicy one they have are also delish! I will continue to come here for the margaritas and give more on their dining menu a try!
5	Went on Sunday morning for brunch and enjoyed bottomless bloody Mary's and mimosas for $16. What a great deal! I ate a breakfast skillet scramble and it was amazing! Angie was our server and she was awesome and very attentive! We will definitely be going back again soon!
5	Our soccer team had an excellent dinner at Nacho Daddy. Chelsea was our waitress and was awesome. She accommodated all our special request. Totally recommend them if your in the Henderson area
4	I've wanted to try this place for some time now, concept seemed interesting. I'm glad I did because I believe the nachos are worth trying. My family and I ordered the Thai chicken nachos, spicy buffalo chicken nachos, spicy chorizo pizza and steak quesadillas. We wanted to try a bit of everything. I would say the nachos were the best part of dinner. I didn't think the pizza and quesadilla were anything special. Loved the buffalo chicken nachos! I'd go back just to eat that again and try the different unique nachos as well. They also had a special on drinks that night (buy one get one of their Daddy's margarita & $1 off draft beers). Our waitress was also very pleasant and came back to check on us often. Only thing that was done wrong was our order of steak quesadilla came out without any meat in them, but it was fixed immediately and we also got to keep the plain cheese quesadilla for free. They also have tv's all over the restaurant if you're looking for a good sports bar. Overall, I'd say I had a good experience and I'd definitely go back.
4	I love nachos so I was super intrigued by the giant sign that I saw from the freeway (and I like the name). My BF and Inwent there on a Wednesday areoundn8pm and there were only about four other people in the restaurant. We were sat and starting looking at all the delicious nacho options on the menu. We decided to split the Enchilada nachos, street tacos - one shrimp, one chicken and one Carne asada and the tortilla soup. The only issue is that by the time we decided what we wanted we still had  not been greeted and it had been about fifteen minutes or so. After the server finally came over she was very apologetic and gave us free chips, salsa, and guacamole. She also comped our drinks - nice recovery. The tortilla soup was amazing - super flavorful with great balance of chicken, broth and tortilla strips, the best I have had in a really long time. The tacos were ok - carne asada was a little chewy, fried shrimp was good but the flavor was overtaken by the tortilla and the chicken was average. Now the nachos - GREAT! I loved the way that each bite had stuff on it, I hate when restaurants put everything on the top so when you get to the bottom you just have a pile of chips. We even had stuff left over and used some of the chips from the chips and salsa. I also liked how the nachos were served on a skillet keeping the hot and crispy for longer. I will definitely go back!
3	Finally! Made my way to Nacho Daddy and I must say; overwhelming menu options. All nacho portions are shareable, there were so many different ones I wanted to try but decided on the Fiesta Chicken. Loved that all the ingredients were fresh, guac was delicious! Wasn't too impressed with the cheese drying up and sticking to the tostada chips ;-/ love my nachos cheesy and not dry. Chicken was grilled to perfection and very flavorful. Nothing crazy or out of the ordinary, just a big plate of nachos with the works. 2.5/5.Service was stellar! Our waitress was attentive, sweet, helpful and kept coming back to make sure we didn't need anything. 5/5.
5	This place really impressed me. I was not expecting a whole lot but wow! I love the margarita menu...had the blood orange and the guava which were both sooo good! Also, love that they had a bunch of vegan options!!! The service in the bar (by Chelsea) was really great! She even went out of her way to wright what we had and the date on our to go containers!!! Honestly we go out to eat a lot, and this was the best service we have had in Vegas, including trips to the strip! Thanks Chelsea! We will be back. Loved the food, loved the service!!!
5	First time coming on Yelp and first time writing a review, But just have to let everyone know what an amazing experience I had at nacho daddy. My wife and I were having a hard time deciding where we wanted to eat. We were driving down the 215 and saw the big billboard for Nacho daddy's. We decided to give it a try, as we drove up, we saw it was a sports bar, and seeing neither one of us drinks and not real big on loud sports bar atmosphere. We decided to go in anyway. We were greeted by the nicest hostess, I have seen in a long time. As she seated us, I ask her what was good. She bent down to our level which make you feel like see really cares and took the time to tell us her top three favorite nacho dishes. My wife and I decided on two of her recommendations (Thai Chicken Nacho & Florentine Nacho). I have to tell you I have not experienced nachos like that and forever!!!! I've lived in Las Vegas for 34 years and have to say, I found my new favorite restaurant. The food was great the service was totally incredible. It was just a really nice experience all the way around.  I can't wait to go back. As Olde Siskel and Ebert would say four thumbs up!!!! P.S. ask for Kim as your server.....
5	Nachos were amazing. Kim was a fantastic waitress. Will most definitely will be coming back. (:
2	So, I'm from out of town, my brother brought me here. He has been here many times with outstanding reviews. That's why he brought me here, good food and lots of food!  Ya, it was good, which is why they got two stars. The margaritas were good too, but a bit sweet. The real problem here? Not enough food! We got some Nachos to share and there were so few chips we were all quite disappointed! As a matter of fact we had to ask for more chips just to finish all the toppings from the nachos. Now we are still hungry and off to get some Chicago pizza!
2	Everyone has the reason they signed up for Yelp and Nacho Daddy is the reason for me anyways I'm more of a Trip Advisor reviewer. OK, here's the point. NACHO DADDY HAS CHANGED and not for the better. I would come here with 2 other friends and a child and not be able to finish the nachos and a pitcher of margaritas, however upon ordering the Tostada nachos it was gone in about 3 minutes. Gone are the days of high piled nachos. It's now as they should advertise it...as an appetizer. We asked server about the portion sizing and she stated, "They changed the plate, but not the portions." There were abundant topping with almost no chips. Please don't get me wrong. This isn't about flavor, tastes, or any combination thereof, but how the portions have shrunk. I'm not going into service in this review so I don't sound like a hater. Sorry Nacho Daddy!
4	Nacho Daddy is the place to go if you are in the mood for nachos and great margaritas!  The fiesta chicken nachos are one of my favorites.  The salads are all really delicious too.  The enchilada nachos are good, but they tend to get a bit soggy because they are smothered with enchilada sauce.  They have live trivia on Wednesday nights, which is fun and different than your average bar.  The patio is a perfect place for margaritas, good food and fun!
4	Really yummy place! I came here for lunch with my mother and aunt and we had the Nacho Average Cheese Burger nacho and the beer Battered Fish Taco to share.The prices are low and I had a great time. I will definitely be back.
4	One of the best tequila selections in the valley. Also the taps are non discriminating with an ample IPA selection. The service is usually great with some of the most friendly bartenders in the valley. The only downfall is some of the food items. The specials are very reasonable but outside the nachos, the menu tends tone hit and miss
2	Sitting here miserable right now!!! Usually  LOVE this place, but we have literally had the worst experience this visit! We are a party of five sitting at the large round table. Our waitress is absolutely horrible. She forgot to take our order and we had to flag her down to let her know. We had been out of drinks for well over 30 minutes and hadn't seen even a glimpse of our waitress. We finally see her and flag her down to request refills, she disappears for about another 10 minutes and returns with only 2 drinks, but the entire table needed refills. I could go on and on, but this would take forever! We have been here for almost 2 hours already. Ugh!
5	Don't let the name frighten you away. The food here is very authentic, very fresh and their service is top notch.... Way better than any Mexicali from the strip!
5	I would suggest nacho daddy to everyone! You get exactly what you pay for if not more. Their portions can are filling and shareable! Their menu is different and they even have a vegan section! Their waitress's are great, but the front host could been more friendly with guest. So good, will be returning!!!!
3	The name is awesome but I wasn't too impressed! Prices are fine the food just doesn't have a lot of flavor. The server was fine, went during lunch and had the supreme nachos and the meat was cold it was just a bunch of condiments piled on top of a few nachos. I will probably not go back there unless its to the bar side. The margaritas are delicious though!!
4	Great food good service. Cuban sandwich was awesome garlic cheese fries Pork tacos fresh tortillas nachos too much to eat you need to share but delicious fajitas salad great You can share and still be full. We will be back
2	The staff pushed us off from one to another. Their portions do not warrant their prices! $14 for a burrito and you can get one same size at Taco Bell for $4. The orders were not prepared as requested.  I will not be back. First impression means everything and they blew it!
5	Their vegan nachos were stellar, I am excited to go back and try out their street style tacos maybe with a side of more vegan nachos. :)
4	Chelsea, the best server ever!!! The service was outstanding!!!  We will be back & will ask for Chelsea!!
4	The ambiance is great! Its more of like a old western feel to it from the ceiling all the way to the floor. The service was nice too, our waitress was always communicating to us and seeing how our food was. I thought everything was great except really the food itself. First I got the BBQ Pork Nachos, and it was ehhh... it had nice presentation but the nachos were really sweet which was not really my thing. So I returned it and got another dish called Average Burger Nachos. That was ehh, the cheese was bland and the toppings were flavorless. My dad got the Mexican Street Burger filled with avocado, mangoes, onions, etc. He said it was okay too. I think the food is just a little different for us. Their choices are really unique and I've never eaten mexican food like that before plus it was a little more on the fancy side! I think this is a great place for late night eatery especially because this is a sports bar/restaurant. I don't think I'd come back here, but if I do i'll try one of their popular entrees.
3	Love their cheeseburger nachos!  Not much for onions so I exclude them.  Awesome and filling!  Enough for two people!
3	If you're going to go, go during happy hour. (3-6 Mon-Sat) Much more reasonable pricing and its a slower time so the service was prompt. We ordered entirely off the happy hour menu. They've got two for one margaritas you should be careful about, they are strong. The guacamole was fantastic, not sure how fresh they make it, but it sure tasted great.The street tacos were good and messy. Your choice of chicken, steak, or shrimp wrapped in two corn tortillas topped with pico de gallo. I do not suggest the BBQ pulled pork nachos. Overly saucy, and the BBQ they used was way too sweet for me. Overall, its a decent place but I'd rather go for something a little more authentic!
4	Supreme nachos were very good, need more real cheddar cheese though.  Fish street tacos were yummy.  Prices are a little high, $6 for a draft beer, really?  We would go back again, the food was good.
2	Stay for the drinks and service. Eat before you get here.
4	Good place seems a little pricey at first but they give you a good sized portion, enough for two people to share one item ,their salsa verde is great and horchata is amaZing
5	Awesome food.  A must eat restaurant!
4	Nice weekly specials.  I wish it would be alittle more authentic but the steak tacos and the chicken enchilada nachos have a great flavor I like the enchilada sauce and the tequila list is great Casa noble and 1942 don Julio.  Great fresh margaritas and I usually dine in bar with great service and ambiance.  Fun place to take a date.
4	Funny I never really order nachos here anymore... I actually think this is my second best place for a ceasar salad...(first is the outback).
5	We really enjoyed this place. It's to bad it's so far from our home. The food was excellent and the nachos were insane. At least two people can share nachos here maybe three.  Love the atmosphere and great music. The man that brought out our food was way more energetic than our server but she wasn't bad. Love the kids meals and prices. We'll be back.
4	I just had my second trip to Nacho Daddy a couple days ago and love this place. Me and my friend and elite yelper Allison came here with her hubby for lunch. There was no wait and were seated immediately. The waitress was prompt in getting our drink orders. I ordered just water and she got diet. The water tasted just like funky Vegas water, not filtered. I got Mexican corn as an appetizer and Allison ordered bottomless chips and salsa. I didn't know what to expect for the corn, but I was seriously underestimating it. It was so flipping delicious! It had cheese, cilantro, chili pepper (?), and lemon. Oh man it was worth EVERY penny! It comes with 2 smallish cut ears. The salsa for the chips and salsa is tasty. I liked the flavor of the mild better, but the spice to the medium is perfect.Allison got the bbq pork nachos on my recommendation, as that is what I had last time. Joel got a chimichanga (I think chicken). I wanted to try something different so I got the Buffalo chicken nachos. The bbq pulled pork nachos are so good, that when our food arrived I was having buyer's remorse. However, the Buffalo chicken nachos were pretty good. There seemed to be a little too much Buffalo sauce on the nachos, so my nose was running and that's all I could taste. The nachos also have white queso, but again it was drowned out by the Buffalo sauce. The chicken was well cooked and plentiful, so I wasn't wishing there was more. I love the added celery garnish on top. It was very fitting.For my appetizer and meal with no soda/alcohol was just about $14. The lunch nachos are around $7 so not too bad. Overall, I love the food here. It is a different take on traditional nachos for sure. The only change I would recommend to the restaurant is to invest a very small amount of money into getting filtered water. Vegas water tastes nasty! It is low cost and makes for happier customers. It is a large restaurant and plenty of room for larger parties. Come here and try for yourself.
4	First tried Nacho Daddy at last year's Life Is Beautiful Festival and have been coming back whenever we are on this side of town. The food is pretty good and the atmosphere is great. Had the cuban sandwich before, which was delish. Also have tried the enchilada nachos which were "ehh". This trip we enjoyed their hamburger nachos, which were way better... and also had the beef fajita salad. The salad was good.. but would have been a lot better with a different dressing. It came with a chimmichurri dressing... would be so much better with a cilantro ranch... or anything else. All in all it's always a good time here. Staff is great!!! I highly recommend our server Elicia- she is by far one of the best servers we've experienced here in town. She just brightens up the day!!!
4	I had the carne asada burrito with red enchilada sauce and it was great!  The first time i had nachos and they were ok.
5	I've already left a review for this awesome restaurant but this time I wanted to give a special shout out to Chelsea, who does a great job at taking care of us during our LeTip meetings. Thanks for all the hard work!!
4	Been here a handful of times whenever we are on that side of town.  My kids love it and the food is good, if anything toooo much food, lol.  But there is no complaining since the prices are always reasonable.  The margaritas are good, the drinks in general are good and very reasonably priced.  The staff is always nice, helpful, etc.  And the food comes out very quickly.  All in all, it is a win.
5	I have to say went there tonight for the first time we got the supreme nachos and chips and salsa before hand! It was amazing I seriously love that salsa and the nachos were so good!! They have the best chips, ours were even fresh!! I was very pleased with our waiter Sarah, she knew it was our first time, she had great customer service skills, she kept up checking up and making sure our drinks were full! When we where leaven and asked for to go stuff we told her how amazing the salsa was and she gave us a little more to take home!! What a great employ, this just makes us want to recommend this place to others, cause of the food and customer service !! I was very please you def. should go, and the nachos are plenty big to share with someone!! (:
2	I had wanted to try this place for a long time and had high hopes with a name like that!  Always seeing that huge billboard from the highway makes you really want to try this place out! Thinking as the title suggested, I ordered Supreme Tostado Nachos and thought their specialty would be super wow nachos.  And they were just very average.  Nothing special and at first glance the dish looked huge, but when you started eating it they were actually smaller than the what you pay for (around $13).  We ordered the chicken quesadillas and those were good but sort of greasy.  Nothing special and nothing different from other places.  The service was good and nice, friendly, helpful staff that gave good suggestions when asked but the food was so so.  Didn't try much else and the wait was long so we sat at the bar.  The bar and drinks looked like a decent selection but didn't drink that night.  I would pass on this place though and just left sorta disappointed.
3	Took the family here on  Friday night. I ordered the Fiesta nacho meal. It was really good. They have something for everybody food wise. They have nahos, sandwichs to steaks... Our waitress was nice and I could see this place being in our family dinner rotation. One more thing they are more expensive then the average restaurant but you do get a much more food. A specialty order of nachos can easily feed two people so in a way could be a better value.
3	Well too be honest, I'm not a big fan of nachos unlike my wife. I normally just get tacos and tequila there...I find that the food is just okay although I really enjoy the outdoor patio!
4	Hit this place up for lunch after the southpoint was booked up, was glad we did!Had the fajita salad and it was flipping amazing, the home made salad dressing really made it pop! Only down side it's its spendy for what is it, wanted the fajitas but didn't want to drop 20 bucks on a lunch meal. But I was happy with my selection! We also got the pulled pork and garlic frys, very tasty.Only thing I though was strange was it's the first time I have been to a Mexican spot and they didn't give you chips and salsa. I recommend you order them they are pretty good!
5	Erin is the best bartender I have come across in this town.she works her ass off in an energetic fashion with a smile on her face.i will go back numerous times.
1	Oh Nacho Daddy how you've disappointed me.....As if the first experience wasn't bad enough, I decided to give them a second try, which was equally as bad.I wont even go into my first experience about how their bar was apparently "shut down" and or "broken" last year for Cinco De Mayo and we couldn't get any drinks. Like, what does that even mean your bar is broken? You're a Mexican restaurant on Cinco De Mayo and I can't order a margarita???So last night..... We got there at about 8:30 for some late Cinco De Mayo drinks (tried it once more since it's close to my work). Took about 30 minutes to be seated, as expected on a holiday as so. Once we were seated we IMMIDIATELY ordered drinks, chips & guacamole/salsa because we knew it was a big crowd and didn't want to waste any time. It took, no exaggeration, about another 20/25 minutes to receive our drinks & chips & dip..... Drinks, I sort of understand... chips, there is no reason it should take that long to bring over to the table. The drinks were DECENT, nothing to brag about.... but at $10 for a small margarita, off the strip, on cinco de mayo, I feel as if they should've been a lot better for the money. Now, here's what really annoyed me......We sat on the back patio, when we got there it was pretty nice out. But throughout the night, the wind started to pick up a little. As the customers at the table beside me left, I watched the table sit there for about thirty minutes with all of their plates and trash still on it, with out anyone cleaning it up. Typically I wouldn't mind, but considering it was getting fairly windy, the trash started to blow EVERYWHERE. And by everywhere I mean dirty napkins flew into my food, in addition to the surrounding tables and all over the floor. I watched our waitress look down and kick the empty to-go box out of her way, and then proceed to go back inside.......... It wasn't until about 15 minutes later that she finally came back out, when I had to ask if she could please clean up the table and the trash so that it wouldn't continue to blow onto my table. She looked at me with some death stare and proceeded to tell me "I was getting to that." 20 minutes later..... nothing...... I finally ended up cleaning some of the napkins and to-go boxes on my own and bringing them inside to another waitress so that I didn't have to look at it any longer..... I was going to order dinner, but considering it took over an hour and a half to even just get 2 margaritas, I was a little over it...Not only that, but once we got the bill we were in for a surprise.... $65 for 4 margaritas and chips w/ guac..... The chips alone were $10.... Essentially what I'm getting at, is for $65 I could've bussed my own tables at home and had an entire Mexican fiesta for that! Totally not worth it. If you're into overpriced chips and cleaning other customers messes' check it out. If not, I wouldn't waste your time.
5	Awesome place to be.. Great environment to be at.. Kenna was our sever and she was amazing.. Made it a great experience for us..
3	What's up with the hype? Decided to finally try Nacho Daddy after a year or so and it was a letdown.First off....I know this is a no brainer but DEFINITELY not for the health-conscious or "i'm on a diet" people. After sharing the SPICY SHRIMP NACHOS I felt like a big fat elephant. The nachos were good (see pic attached)...but ugh...make sure you come here HUNGRY...even STARVING perhaps. Maybe that's why I didn't enjoy it too much.Besides the nachos, my date order some pork tacos a la carte. He said THAT was amazing. He liked it a lot. MIGHT come back next time just to try the street tacos.I ordered a southwestern grilled chicken salad. It was good..but nothing amazing.Also...service wasn't very attentive. We arrived 30 minutes prior to closing time with maybe 2-4 tables besides us and our waitress took awhile to take our order. We came, we tried and most likely we're not coming back.
5	Me and my husband had our date night here last night!!Food was good and the cocktails were great!!!Staff was friendly!!Our sever was Whitney and she was very nice and friendly!!BTW it was our first time trying this place and we will be back!!!
2	I think this applies more to the outside patio.. When I walked inside it looks pretty clean, but it might be because it is dim inside. LOL1. The table was dirty all sorts of marks (get some orange force please)2. Both Menus covered in cheese and ripped up in the back..3. Hair in my nachos, ill give the benefit of the doubt here even though my hair is brown and over a foot long and the hair was two inches and black ( still ate it, so I'm not a complete Germ-a-phob)4. Handle and wooden skillet(?) was disgusting!! (Picture provided)5. My drink cup had left over food on the sides... I scratched it off with my nail .___." Please maintain the cleanliness of your restaurant. I only hope the kitchen is kept tidy. I can't emphasize how much quality is lost in the basics... As far as the food.. It was okay, they give you a lot though! One if good enough to share. Not a fan of the enchilada nachos though~ the BBQ pulled nachos were great (minus the hair).Two stars for a great server and "meh" food.
5	Love that they have Delirium on tap. Lexi is the best and always takes care of us on that beautiful patio.
2	The unique nachos, is a great concept. However, I don't think this place is very clean. They seem to cater more to the people who are drinking at the bar, than being attentive to putting out good food. If you like noise, and people drinking, then this is the place for you. This is more like a bar than a restaurant.
5	Nacho daddy was fantastic. I was there 2 years ago but from what the waitress told us it has drastically changed for the better since last visiting. I am so glad I gave it another shot! Everything my 3 friends and I ate was delicious. I got the white peach margarita the nachos and the carne Asada steak tacos which were absolutely delicious!!! The garlic fries which my friend had were amazing and for garlic lovers!!! We also got a dessert which was a nacho type smore and it was delectable!!! Our waitress recommended the perfect appetizer and desert for us! Even the left overs tasted great!
5	Crossed three lanes of traffic when we saw the billboard with the name of this gem on it. Had the fajitas and the supreme nachos. They were both awesome and our server Kim was great too. Will definitely visit this place when we come back to Vegas.
3	Sigh. I hate to do this because I love, excuse me, LOVED Nacho Daddy. I hadn't had the chance to go in awhile and when I was finally able to go pick up some food, I was disappointed at how the prices had skyrocketed. It was Wrestlemania night and I went to grab some chips and salsa and queso to-go. I believe the queso went from around $6 to $9. That's fine, I guess, but I think I'll go to a mexican restaurant and get it cheaper. Additionally, when you get it to-go you get it in small container. Okay, fine, but at least fill it up. If I'm paying that much for a small container, the least you could do is fill it up! The salsa was a bit on the salty side too. It looked like pretty much everything on the menu had gone up, so beware if you haven't been in awhile. I'm sure I will still go back(not for to-go), it just won't be as often as before.
3	I had never been here before, but I do get their menus in the mail.  We decided to try it because we were told kids eat free on Mondays.  The place was packed so obviously very popular.  We only waited about 15 minutes.  Minus a few hiccups, service was good and the food was good.  I'm not sure if our Margaritas were really the doubles we ordered but they tasted very good.  My brother had the fajitas which were great but a little skimpy on the chicken.   It ended up being pretty expensive and I notice my kids' meals were still charged.  That was taken care of right away for us.  Overall I would definitely go back.
5	We've been here for dinner several times- mostly with the kids because this place is KID FRIENDLY and smoke free. Last night, my husband and I went here for dinner alone. As always, the food was excellent! We started with ceviche, and had beef brisket tacos, fish tacos and combo enchiladas for supper. I am eating the left overs right now (YUM). Beyond the food, the service was EXCELLENT. Chelsea was personable and almost psychic with her anticipation of our likes and needs throughout the meal. Wonderful experience!
5	It's our second time here and we decided to try something new on their menu. Our waiter Dean recommended the shrimp fajitas, which were amazing, and my wife had the 3 chicken enchiladas which she said were amazing. The chicken tortilla soup is also very delicious.For an Americanized Mexican restaurant this place can compete with any authentic Mexican restaurant in Vegas. We most definitely will be back
2	I got some nachos hoping they would be any special, but nothing special at all at the bartender and waitress both sucked. sorry maybe it was that night, i only went once.
3	This place offers a huge selection of nachos, which is pretty neat. It's not easy to eat a plate of only nachos, so it's better to share. I went with 8 other friends so I sampled a variety of nachos. My favorite by far were the shrimp nachos.
5	Read about this place as having good vegan options when visiting Las Vegas.  Decided to take a chance and boy were we surprised.  The menu had a whole page of vegan items to include burritos, nachos, salads, and tacos.  My husband ordered the spicy tofu burrito which was spicy as the name suggest and full of flavor.  I had the tofu nachos which were incredible.  Our server Erin went out of her way to make our visit wonderful as did the rest of the team of servers.  Next visit to Sin City will include a return visit.  Just wish we had this delicious mexican menu items in San Diego.
3	So I have a friend who loves this place so we decided go.SERVICE:We were seated right away but waited awhile before we go any service. The hostess came back and took our drink order. Eventually the server came out, had no idea about our drinks and we ended up waiting awhile for them. We were still waiting for one more person so I guess the server figured she wouldn't check back until the last person was there. So finally our drinks come out and we rush to tell her about our appetizer. But even when the last person joined us, the service still moved slowly. FOOD AND DRINKS- we had margaritas. The white peach and guava margaritas were awesome! We also had the blood orange which I found to be a little too bitter for me. We started with the buffalo nachos which were good. I really liked the queso sauce they used. I had the fajita salad: the meat was well seasoned but there was too much dressing which made everything soggy :(My friends had the daddy's cob salad and their vegetarian mango tacos. Both were really good.
5	Much better the second time around. The nachos were very tasty. I didn't have margarita this time just beer. And they changed the platter the nachos came on. It is round now and they didn't end up in my lap. I will for sure be going back. Oh yes and my waitress I forgot her name was really nice.
3	I went here with the family for some "amazing" nachos as advertised. The ambiance is that of a bar, with additional tables for families. TVs everywhere and the place is LOUD. We ordered the cheeseburger nachos and the BBQ pulled pork nachos. Our waitress was nice and attentive, and we did not have to wait for drinks or refills.When the food came out I was a little surprised. A large pile of nachos covered in about everything you can think of. The cheeseburger nachos were really quite good, even my picky 7 year old liked them. The plating is something to be desired, on an oval skillet-type platter that is too small for the amount of food, and many a nacho ended up in the laps of my kids. The BBQ pulled pork nachos were not that great, but only because it was WAY too much. You need a gallon of water to swallow five bites, and the BBQ sauce and cheese are overwhelming to the palate.Overall, not bad, but not spectacular. I would go again if I absolutely had to.
5	We went here for the first time yesterday and it was great! Don't make the mistake of thinking that this is a Mexican restaurant, it's not. They specialize in Nachos (obviously) but they have a little bit of everything. We only split the chicken enchilada nachos, but the were sooooo good! Everything that came out of the kitchen looked so great we can't wait to go. P.S. - ask for Kim. . .she's super sweet and a great waitress!
1	Just had nacho supreme or what ever its called ........ Not good , liquid cheese , meat was not good , nothing about it was good. That an ice T $20 .... Really !! I wont be back ... At least not for the food ! I dont want to give it a star but ot forced you to at least pick a star.
4	My husband and I took our daughters here for dinner last night.  It was the second visit for me and my husband and the first for our two little girls. The first visit was underwhelming to say the least.  My nachos had way too many toppings and not enough chips to scoop them all up.  I do not remember my drink because it was just average.  I returned reluctantly because my husband had a coupon (which he could not find when it came time to pay, lol!).  Our second visit was a completely different experience.  I ordered the fiesta chicken nachos and a frozen raspberry margarita for myself and our girls split a cheese quesadilla.  The nachos were awesome and I did enjoy the margarita although I do not believe it was worth the $10 price tag.  I took away one star because when I took my daughter to the restroom it was sweltering in there, and I actually broke a sweat!  It is the end of June in Vegas; turn the freaking air on!  Other than the small problem with the air conditioning everything was acceptable.  I really enjoyed the nachos and our girls loved the quesadilla.  I will return to this place, but I probably will not order another margarita unless they have a happy hour offering.
4	Updating my review here, as I just grabbed some takeout from Nacho Daddy (due to unforeseen circumstances with the children). I spoke with Angie, and she helped me out right away. Ordered the burger nachos. I really like these particular nachos, and so do the kids. Angie brought them out herself promptly, and in a pizza box, so no spillage (hooray for nachos in pizza boxes! Genius!) she was very helpful, and even provided us with utensils and salsa for our needing to leave promptly.Angie, you are an asset to this establishment. The nachos were wonderful, and I will be back because of your awesome customer service. Nacho Daddy will be on my list of frequent places to grab a bite. Thank you! (My daughter even asked if we could go back and see "Ms. Angie" every time we go out to eat).
4	My first time here did not disappoint. The nacho menu is filled with delicious combos, I shared a giant platter of filet mignon carne asada nachos with my boyfriend. DELICIOUS and very filling! Nacho Daddy offers much more than nachos, a rather extensive menu for salads, burgers, and even a Vegan menu! I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a reason to break free of her diet! Almost forgot, there is also a long beer and wine list. I had soda, so I can't comment on the selection.
1	I'm a big Alabama Crimson Tide fan and I heard they had the Las Vegas Alumni chapter here to watch the games on Saturdays.  It's a nice enough place with lots of parking.  However, that's where the good of this place ends.  The food is absolutely disgusting.  It tasted microwaved.   And the service is not good at all.  I sat at the bar first and then joined the alumni group.  It was awful both places.  I don't know why they chose this place for game watching, but I hope they change it for this upcoming season.  I have not been back there, and have no plans to go back there.  It was nasty.
2	I don't think I can do it again, but I gave it a shot. Husband ordered filet mignon nachos and shared some of my entree as well. He said he enjoyed it, but, honestly, I think his taste buds and judgment were clouded by the margaritas he drank before the food was served. I ordered the enchilada trio and an iced tea. The iced tea was great...and I'll leave it at that.
3	Have been to Nacho Daddy a number of times over the last year.  I can definitely see a change in their food since the last big menu revision.  Used to love the nachos but they're  now fairly mediocre :(.  I can't drink so have never been able to try any of the margaritas.  I've narrowed down on what I will eat there to the fajita salad simply because I love the chimichuri dressing.  But they have a tendency to load it with cotija cheese to the point you can't taste anything else.  My husband likes the chicken enchiladas, the only part of that dish I enjoy is pulling the peppers out of the salsa garnish to eat with my salad.They have two really good waitresses (Chelsea and a blond - sorry can't remember her name right now).  The rest it's; really hit and miss on the service you're going to receive.
4	Great late night vegan gluten free spot!!! Vegan nachos with wheat free patty or tofu and vegan cheese. Huge serving...really too huge, but if you're hungry or sharing, you can't go wrong. Last call is about 1:20ish every night and sometimes even later. Drinks are good and each night they have different events including dj, live music, movie night, etc. staff is cool and service is good and fast. Located right in heart of Fremont Experience, but just slightly off the path...
1	The only thing this place is good for is to get drunk off of margaritas. That way u won't be able to taste how horrible the food is, and won't notice how crappy the service is, unless they're not keeping the drinks coming. By the time they brought out our food, the lettuce in the fajita salad and southwestern salad was soggy. The Mexican rice was dry, and the kid's nachos were served with stale tortillas. The only thing that was good was the so called "filet mignon" fajita meat and the white peach margarita. I noticed a private party in the back with about 3-5 dedicated servers; which would explain why our service was slow and nonexistent.
2	Service was horrible and the server had zero personality. It took ten minutes to get two beers. The food came quickly but was not very flavorful. The enchilada was dry and doughy. The rice was horrible but the beans were very good.
5	Nacho Daddy is my favorite place to go whether it is for food, drinks, or just to hang out and mingle. I've been coming here since I moved to the Henderson area and it felt very welcoming. I refer to it like cheers because the bartenders and servers made a point to know my name and who I am. I usually don't even have to ask for a drink because they already know what my favorites are. It really helped my transition to a new area. In a place where you wouldn't necessarily expect people to care as much, Nacho Daddy is definitely THE neighborhood place to go.  They also have excellent food and craft beers that I can't find at other places. Definitely check it out.
5	The Nachos are very unique and delicious, I sat at the bar and the bartender, Kimmi, I am pretty sure here name was, was a complete delight. She was very friendly and made me feel like a regular even with a full bar. I can't wait to visit again.
5	Nacho Daddy has great vegan options. So far I've had the Cajun tofu tacos and the vegan nachos and both were delicious. Our server Kim was amazing also!
4	We liked our server, Dean! The blackberry acai marg is great! And my girlfriend loves the vegan menu.
4	awesome place! great service. our server Kim was very helpful, and friendly. i will be eating there again in the near future.
4	Not a bad place to have some lunch and to relax for a bit. Nothing fancy but really good service and damn good nachos!
1	Terrible place for families w Young kids.  We tried eating here 2 different times...first time they wouldn't seat us or even acknowledge that we were waiting to be seated while taking groups who came in after us.  We have 2 small kids and were hard to miss, so we assumed the young staff does not like kids...(less drink sales?)Second time we got seated and the host and waiter both left me standing in the middle of the room with a baby waiting for a high chair...they went over to other tables and totally forgot about us....while Im standing and looking right at them!Maybe its not about the kids we had in tow, but service sucks regardless.  NEVER again.
4	This is a very nice restaurant the food is great, relaxing atmosphere, friendly staff,margaritas are the bomb!
3	I was craving nachos, so we decided to try here. Saturday night, about 7-ish, no problem getting a table, but we waited a bit for our server. Once she came, she was great, but it took a bit. The menu is huge...but the first half it is drinks. Not kidding. I had a Wyder's pear ale, which I haven't seen elsewhere - really refreshing & good. I opted for the BBQ chicken nachos - yum! Lots of cilantro, though, so may want to ask the kitchen to back off if you aren't a fan. My husband had the steak fajitas, and added shrimp for $3 more. He had about half left to bring home. It wasn't a bad experience, I just wasn't wowed.
3	I want to start this review by saying-- we did not get any complementary chips and salsa! Isn't that a given when you decide to eat at a Mexican restaurant. And everyone around us got some and we didn't! Of course we had to order a round of margaritas. I went with the Mango Thai basil & Nieves D got the guava flavored. Both tasted identical. I didn't taste an ounce of guava in her drink. They were pretty strong tho. You only need 1 drink! I went with the Ceviche. This is the first time I ever said this-- my ceviche did not have enough lime. I'm usually complaining about how sour the ceviche is but this time it's the opposite. Also, it really lacked in shrimp. It barely had any. But I did enjoy it! It wasn't terrible. Nieves D got the Salmon. Holy smokes it was a BIG size salmon too. They weren't cheap with the salmon for sure. The black bean sauce on top was pretty darn good. The veggies were seasoned pretty well. Besides the missing chips and salsa, the service was good. We were checked on the right times and our check came fast.
1	The best thing and truest thing I can say about Nacho Daddy is that the food is consistently INCONSISTENT. You just don't know what you are gonna get especially when you alway order your favorite items. We stopped going there. Just got tired of not getting what you thought you went there for. We just came here tonight hoping that perhaps it had changed...but NO. It was a disappointment. Service is always good but the food really isn't.  Sorry to say.
1	Had lunch here on a Saturday (6/28/14). This was our 2nd time here.  I give our original server 2 stars for being patient while we made up our minds but the restaurant was not incredibly busy.  The table was sticky and required  a wipe-down.  Once we put our order in, it seemed to take a long time..  We ordered the Enchilada nachos and the Thai Chicken nachos (second time we had it).  The food was adequate.  The first time we ate there, I had a more favorable impression.  The wait for our check was tortuous.  Luckily another server noticed we wanted to leave.  Given all the places in Vegas & Henderson to eat it, this won't be on our rotation anymore.
3	I love the nachos florentine in this restaurant  it's really good. I was disappointed  last time I came though, they are advertising  breakfast so I came. I was the only one in the place. I ordered  their breakfast  burrito  and my only request was no salsa. My tummy was acting  up that morning so I specifically  did not want  anything  to irritate it. My order came and it looked  really good. I took a big bite and I almost  choked. They put salsa in the burrito. After  that I couldn't eat it anymore. I asked the server what happened? He was apologetic  but my breakfast was ruined now. They replaced with out the salsa but now  I'm  late and didn't the time to enjoy and eat it . I decided just to go and take it with me. When I got to work  it was already dry and couldn't  eat it. And for the rest of the day my tummy  was upset and I couldn't eat anything. It's the worse feeling.
3	solid bar. thai nachos the way to go.
5	Nachos are amazing. Large portions, great variety, great flavor. Tried the Spicy Shrimp Nachos and my only disappointment was seeing the empty skillet.  Also had fantastic service from Louie, great kid.
5	Great margaritas, extensive tequila selection and fun, attentive service.  Johnny's our "go-to guy"Food is great with lots of choices.  And my husband likes that they have huge flat screens with sports games as far as the eye can see.
4	First time I have been back there in a couple years. Went at 7:00 in the evening. The place was very busy, Saturday Night. We were seated immediately and our server came by right away. They gave us lots of time to review the extensive menu.The food was above average, nothing spectacullar. We had burritos and tacos on the table. We watched the nacho's being delivered to other tables and they were monsterous. Our service never lacked. We had some confusuion about one of our oursers. It was not the servers fault at all. It was our fault. They fixed it immediately and with no hassle. Great job Nacho.  You are improving and enjoyable.
4	All I have to say is where else can you get a scorpion in your shot of Petrone silver Julie and I have eaten here twice since we've moved to Vegas The first time was with Jason and Desiree unfortunately on that trip I forgot to take pictures Julie and I both had the filet mignon on nachos which were not only a ton of food but totally awesome The second time Julie and I went there for lunch she had a Barito that once again was a More than she could eat and came with all the fixings and I ordered the steak quesadillas Kim took care of us for lunch she did an excellent job took the time out of her day to make us feel welcome to our new city and BS with us a bit even though I knew that she had several tables in my opinion definitely go there for their nachos it's their calling card don't leave out the scorpion in your shot either
1	Worst experience ive ever had trying to watch Monday Night Football at a restaurant/sports bar that promotes coming down to watch the big game at this Henderson location. Don't even try to get there early with a party of people to watch a game on a TV right in front of you, because they will change channnel completely for someone strolling in late at bar....right in middle of it...even after they ask you if you're watching game on a particular tv and you say "YES"..please dont change it. The manager changed the channel and than hid from us and sent a waiter over as "acting supervisor". Ive never seen a bar allow a group of people to leave over a "buddy" at the bar. Good business model. The female bartender thought it was funny too.. Oh...and expect to deal with plenty of children near the bar area too as they sat a birthday party nearby with loud children everywhere right a few feet from bar area. The biggest shame is we used to be "regulars" last season that supported this local business. The food wasnt bad, but clearly its not run very well. They have lost my business for good as we will drive farther to spend lots of money elsewhere. Oh..and the waiter also collected our email and phone numbers before the game for a $100 bar tab raffle that never happened...felt like a scam. Never go back.
5	This place is awesome. There margarita are so yummy. I got the white peach. I highly suggest it. They also have really great food. I got the mahi mahi tacos! Soo good. I will definitely be going back for sure
5	Absolutely my favorite Nacho place in Las Vegas! Service is great, food is great and the margaritas are the best!
4	Nacho Daddy has come along way. We have been coming in for years and have watched it mature and evolve. The menu is very diverse. We are mostly vegetarian (+fish) and all of the menu items can be altered to meet our needs. They actually have a vegan menu too! The service and wait staff are very friendly. The environment is fun in the bar, family oriented in the main section and the view from the patio is excellent. Our favorite nachos are the Thai Nachos (minus chicken, add shrimp!) favorite margarita is the "skinny" (fresh lime juice, agave nectar and tequila) the "pun" name and all, it is an excellent establishment in Henderson. We highly recommend giving nacho daddy a try. (Our server tonight, Sarah from WA, was superb!) thumbs up for Nacho Daddy!!
5	We have excellent service as always!! Johnny was AMAZING and took care of us. We had a large group and he made it happen. Great service and we will definitely we back!!! He took care of us and the food was great!
1	What happened to this place?  The food has changed for the worst and the service was horrible.  Went for happy hour with a large group, they messed up our order, the food was so so, the staff was rude and they left the dirty dishes in front of us for over an hour.  They can definitely do better.
2	Went to watch the Giants/Pirates Wild Card game there. They had the whole bar reserved for some trivia thing, yet not one customer in the bar. Very disappointed. Definitely won't be going back there to watch a game and eat/drink anytime soon.
5	Nacho daddy has by far the best bbq pulled pork nachos.   Also the white queso is UNREAL!!!  So good
4	Love this place! Its been under different management a number of times, but after hiking or when family visits, its our place to go!
2	Went again. Wanted to be seated at a table in the bar to watch sports. We arrived at 5:00 pm. Every table in the bar was empty and reserved for a trivia tournament of some sorts. They refused to let us sit in the bar. The staff was not helpful at all and so we left. Very disappointed.
5	Great food and great service. I recommend this place to all of my visiting friends. You have to try it at least once. I love getting the buffalo nacho platter with added diced tomatoes!
1	$16.99 for 2 fish tacos, beans and rice? Seriously? Had to ask 3 times over a 15 minute period for an iced tea. Thoroughly disappointed. Didn't even finish the tacos, beans and rice were terrible, service was way below average. Granted,  the waitress had way too many tables to cover by herself,  so I can't fault her. I definitely will not be returning to this establishment. Nacho Daddy? Nacho Customer. Sorry.
3	The manager reached out to me immediately after my review to address the issues I mentioned. She seemed truly concerned about my experience at her establishment, asked for more details about the day I had my meal, and asked me to give them another chance. Just for the concern about her business, I'm giving them a couple more stars. I may even stop back in for a second try.
4	My husband and I decided to give Nacho Daddy a try and catch the Cards game at the bar. When we walked in we were greeted right away by the host, he was very observant and saw we were wearing gear for the Cardinals game and sent us straight towards the bar and big screens. The bar wasn't very crowded so it was easy to find a seat. The bartender Anya was the best! I was having some trouble finding a beer on tap I wanted, they didn't have my #9 or Stella. Anya gave me a couple samples of what they did have on top and I found a local beer that was just delirious. Others at the bar were going on and on about their delicious margaritas, and how you only need one! There tequila selection is HUGE!! We ordered some steak nachos, they were very good. The bar back Roberto was very friendly and  quick to help in any way he could. They switched the TV in front of us to our game, which my husband was very happy about. The prices are a little on the high side, and the bathroom could be cleaned more often. This is why I gave 4 rather than 5 stars. Overall, this was a good experience with a fun environment and happy employees.
4	The food was pretty good.  I was amazed they didn't set each table with chips and salsa.  I was pleased to finally find a place that offers Queso Blanco here in Las Vegas.  We enjoyed our meal, our waitress was very attentive.  Meals seemed slightly overpriced.  I would go again.
5	I love this place. They have decent food and drinks at very affordable prices. This is a great place to come with friends and have some drinks. I myself usually have an IPA, and they always have a few good ones. I am told their margaritas are pretty good too. I have always have the enchiladas, which I really enjoy, but watch out for those crazy spicy tomato things! I've never had any of their nachos ironically, but their food has always been great. Their staff is always friendly and on point, and I honestly cannot ever remember having a bad experience at Nacho Daddy. Really great spot.
5	If I could give this place 10 stars.. I would! I've only lived in Vegas for about a month & I don't think I can count how many times I've been here! The selection of nachos is out of this world!! My favorite has to be the pulled pork.. Although I had chicken fried steak nachos for breakfast the other day, which were also phenomenal. You can't stop here without trying their white queso either! Service is always great (we like the bartender Erin & the server Loui)! They have several TVs that show games... & often have drink specials too. (Be sure to catch the $15 pitchers of daddy's margaritas during football). We will definitely be back (maybe tomorrow lol)
2	Not great , the service was really good but two margaritas were wimpy and no kick or flavor , weak on the boozeWe had filet nachos dish for $18 and U.S. Think since nachos is in their name it would be a signature dish... NotChips are cheap so us think I'd get some volume and drizzled sauces and two small scoops a guacamole with cheese and beans but not a wow amount for the $It was Saturday night at 8:30 and it wasn't busy so that tells you something with employees standing aroundI wouldn't go back $40
4	This is a fun place.  I have tried just about all of the different gourmet nachos and they are all very good.  My favorite is between the nacho burger and pulled pork.  I like to get the buffalo when I'm in the mood for spicy.The service is usually very good.  I wish they will bring back the jalopeano corn muffins, they used to give them to every table but I would pay for them if they added them to the app list.
3	I love the food and the healthy options, especially the breakfast items. Even the coffee is good. It could only be improved upon with the use of organic or at least non-GMO foods. I love the sports channels on all the TVs sprinkled through out the restaurant. So why the 3 stars? Service. It comes down to the service. It's inconsistent. Sometimes it's good as far as sports restaurants go, but then we frequently get the apathetic or lazy server who gives off the impression that she just wants to turn the table, as the phrase goes. Not friendly, forgetful, and seemingly put off by our presence, is what we get sometimes. My 8 y.o. knows the servers she likes and doesn't like. I won't call out the server who we sometimes get stuck with, but we got her again today. (My kid quipped: "I don't like her.") Just be ready if you visit: the foods is consistently good, but the service is spotty.
3	Typical sports bar atmosphere with the Mexican food twist, but don't be fooled it's still Americanized.They have a huge menu with many different types of foods for any of your picky friends. You're bound to find something you and your friends will enjoy! The awesome part for my friends and I is the Vegetarian and Vegan menu! Which makes choosing foods easy since I won't necessarily have to read all the ingrediants on the list if I order anything off that menu. We came here on a Tuesday which is Tequila and Taco Tuesdays! They have 2 for 1 shots of any of the Tequilla and 3 tacos for $6 or $7 depending on the type of meat you get. Not a bad deal! I was with a group of 10 people sooooo we decided to order food as a group and share. Basically we got the Nacho party platter, it was larger than anyone expected.....safe to say we didn't finish it, lol. I didn't get to try any of it, but everyone had their own favorite since it contained four different nachos they have. We ordered around 4-5 plates of the tacos and then the vegan nachos. I did try the vegan nachos and that was delicous! It had all my favorites, daiya cheese, beans, corn, mild salsa, guacamole, and fake meat =P that's all I can recall. It's enough to share between two people! Oh and we also got Chips & Salsa, but I requested hot salsa and I was disappointed when the hot salsa tasted like mild salsa to me. Even asked for extra habeneros but apparently they don't offer that. The waitress was kind enough to bring some other hot sauce which was good, but not spicy sooo that was a bust. Add a couple of rounds of drinks and we were all set! I think we stayed past closing time, but we weren't kicked out and they never said anything to us which was awesome! We didn't even realize otherwise we would have been out the door 10 minutes before closing. Props to them for letting us hang out longer without distrubing our fun!
4	The hostess was a little rude when we first showed up, but our waitress was great and so was the food.They have a whole entire page dedicated to Vegan food, which really surprised me and also made me like this place a whole lot more. I got the vegan nachos which were great. The pricing is decent, I'd definitely return.
4	Surprisingly I enjoyed the meals here. I wish I would have known that the nachos were HUMONGOUS. I kind of found the Parmesan nachos on the salty side. It definitely helped that I washed it down with an ice cold beer. This place is a chill sports bars. I love the view from that spot because you can overlook Vegas. Eastern and st rose is one of my favorite areas in Vegas. Next time that I visit, I definitely wanna try some of the other meals on the menu. I recommend trying this spot out.
3	Had the Supreme Nacho appetizer and Big Daddy Burrito. The  nachos and the burrito were good. Would come back again.
1	The service was awful! The food was awful! The overall experience... You guessed it... Awful! A group of us were there Tuesday night and waited 15 minutes before ever being greeted! Our drink order was wrong, and our food sucked! So very disappointed.
3	I'm a little surprised with myself for expecting this place to be better than what it was. The only reason that it's getting 3 stars is that the waitress (Danielle) was super nice. There were issues with our drink order (it was made wrong the first time and brought to me in a dirty glass the 2nd time around) and the appetizer was brought out with pico de gallo all over it after we asked for it with no pico. But that was all taken care off quickly and the manager even took the nacho appetizers off of the ticket (actually insisted after we told her not to worry about it because they made it correct and quick after we pointed the issue out). I can look past mistakes. Things happen. The low star rating is due to the fact that the food, really just isn't that good. We got the filet mignon nachos for the appetizer and the steak had little to no flavor. The refried beans seriously tastes like what I get out of a store bought can, & the guacamole tastes prepackaged. We also shared a combo fajita plate for 2 w/ chicken and shrimp, and we were completely underwhelmed with the flavors. If I were to sum up what I thought of their food with one word, it would be meh.
5	Andi was the best server ever!  Made killer suggestions about the menu.  Then she even made my friends son a cool kids cup and was so fun and silly with him.  She overheard it was my friends birthday and brought out a fun delightful amazing sundae.... THANK YOU for the great night!
3	I wasn't as impressed by the look of the other Mexican fare offered here as a whole, but if Nachos is what you crave, then this is the place to come!  And, while it is not prepared or served tableside, the guac dished up here is very good, has a nice slight kick to it, and is served with somewhat unusual homemade White Corn Tortillas.  In fact, the guacamole tasted like it had been stone ground--only in the back of the restaurant. Spicy Shrimp Nachos were very spicy, which befits their title.  BBQ Pulled Pork Nachos had a nice sweet barbecue sauce clinging to them.  And, Build Your Own Bacon Yellow Queso Nachos were lathered with mild cheese and smokey Applewood Bacon.  But, for me the hit of the night were Supreme Tostada Nachos,  which were really laden with stuff: yellow cheese, tomatoes, ground beef, a few jalapenos, refritos, Green Onions, and salsa.  I barely finished the whole platter.But lest you think you can handle more than one platter of nachos here by yourself, I suggest you don't even try.  Besides my platter of Supreme Tostada Nachos, I only sampled the other just described varieties ordered by my fellow diners.  They are all called "appetizers," but that moniker is only appropriate for four sharing souls.  Otherwise, for just one or two hungry diners these massive platters of fried tortilla chips groaning under the weight of piled on cheese and other ingredients are without a doubt main dishes in their own right. There were a couple of discordant notes.  The kitchen was all out of Southwestern Soup, and the men's restroom was not properly maintained.  The bathroom floor was dirty, one sink didn't discharge water at all, and no paper towels were left in the dispenser.  Table service was good, and this casual eatery has comfortable seating.XXX-1/2 stars overall on this dinner outing!
2	First off, you have to pay for chips and salsa...so sad.  If you upgrade to queso dip, salsa and chips, its $20.  Sorry but that's really over the top pricing.  That said, the chips and salsa are good.Prices: it's really expensive in comparison of other Mexican restaurants.  My wife and I had lunch.  Fajitas and tacos, chips/salsa, 1 ftn drink and water: $50 The only restaurant to compare to at these prices is the one in Aria and it's really good.The ambiance is very nice, however the day we were there, it was super cold in the restaurant.  Like jacket cold.The food is so, so.  There really doesn't seem to be any spices or sauces going on.  The chicken fajitas really didn't have any kick or spice.  Personally, I have made better fajitas.   However, the Chimichanga is really good.I have to recommend the Cantina restaurant in the Tuscany or Amigos Mexican Restaurant at the Fiesta Casino.
5	So after a year of staying away we thought we would give Nacho Daddy's another chance and I have to tell how pleased we were with the food  and the service.  My wife had the chicken Nachos and I had the Three cheese Enchilada dinner and we were really surprise.    I would recommend  Nacho Daddy's to every one!
5	Vegan Nachos are awesome! Large tequila selection and good margaritas. I have always had great service and like their bar and patio. I just wish they were open later
3	Just ehh.Came here with a group of friends who really hyped this place up for me like it was the best Mexican food on earth. I was also forced to come on a semi-full stomach so that's also probably why it affected the "okayness" of this place. It's good for groups and was not too busy when we came in. They have an extensive menu and also extensively pricey on some items. Specifically the ONE taco I ordered was freaking $8. I thought it came with 2 but realized that it was only 1 when the waitress asked me. I ordered the Fish Taco which had a star next to it so I was expecting it to be wonderful as fuck for the $8 I was going to pay for it. But no... it was literally just like wtf. It was a small taco with a soggy grilled fished topped with a shit ton of mangoes, onions and cilantro and some sort of tartar sauce I'm assuming. But the tortilla was actually pretty good..much better than the soggy fish. I was also disappointed in the chips and salsa that my friends worshiped because I've definitely had way better chips and salsa than that. Is it my fault that I was given false high expectations? Lol. Oh yeah and I also got a chance to try their Supreme Nachos which was basically Taco Bell's Nacho Supreme on steroids. Again, nothing special at all. I feel bad that I had such high standards so maybe one day in the future again when my friends force me to go here when I'm NOT on a semi-full stomach, the food might taste better to me.
4	HUGE portions and great service. had the pulled pork and a chicken taco. both were very good. Not your typical flour tortilla, more similar to what you get a papusa on, very soft and clearly home made.Wont be disappointed but remember one order of nachos is enough for two people. look for their yelp deal free chips and salsa !
