5	kabuto review #1Let me just start out by saying that you shouldn't go here if you:  1) prefer tiger rolls and spider rolls to nigiri  2) can't name 10 kinds of fish commonly eaten in a sushi restaurant in under a minute.  3)  Like Yum Yum sauce  4)  don't know if chefs at your favorite sushi place is Korean or Japanese  5)  mix wasabi into a plate full of soy sauce  6)  use chopsticks to eat sushi  7)  dip the rice portion of nigiri into soy sauceThis place is 100% authentic.  Of the 12 pieces I had tonight, 9 were flown in from Jaapan. Obviously 2 sushi chefs are Japanese and they are REAL sushi chefs with knowledge and skills.  It's not easy to find this place.  There are no signs, but once you walk in, you feel as if you have been transported to a high-end sushi restaurant in tokyo, with a beautiful Japanese cypress counter top.  You don't see one of those plastic refrigerators you see in typical sushi bar, but fish is refrigerated in a wooden box as well as in the fridge underneath away from plain view.  Your choice is nigiri course, or Omakase (not yet available), or a la carte.  Nigir course or omakase (when it becomes available) is the way to go here.  Again, there are none of those unauthentic rolls and shenanigans...this is a very traditional edomae style sushi place.  Unfortunately they don't have a liquor license, but my couter-mates were more than happy to share their bottles of sake they brought in BYOB which I wasn't aware of.  Nigiri consisted of Suzuki (sea bass), Katsuo (bonito), Shiokko (baby amberjack), Kohada (vinegared gizzard shad), mejina (blackfish), hotate (scallops), akami (red part of blue fin tuna), ohtoro (fatty blue fin tuna), kinme (alfonsino), tamago (egg-freshly made and hot!), toro handroll, then anago (salt water eel).  I also added saba (mackarel) and nihama (cooked orient clam) right before anago, which tends to be the last nigiri due to its somewhat sweet sauce.Nigiri course also came with pineapple aperitif, appetizer of geoduck and seaweed salad.  There was a choice of 3 deserts, and I had the layered strawberry crepe that was fantastic, and apparently they are made daily by a Japanese pattissier who works for the Monta group.  I also noticed that the chef varied the menu slightly depending on who he was serving.  Since I was Japanese, he served me kohada and mejina instead of uni and squid that some others were getting as he thought that I might prefer more edamae style fish.  I like that kind of personal touch.    Besides from blue fine tuna coming from Spain and hotate from Boston, everything else was FLOWN IN from Japan today.  I'm not going to describe in detail how sushi was, but let me just say that since I was talking to the chef in Japanese, and with the fresh smell of the Japanese cypress counter top....I felt like I was in Japan for the hour and a half that I was there.  It is truly incredible that this type of authentic sushi restaurant has opened in Las Vegas.  I believe that everyone who was eating here today on soft opening night had a very good understanding and respect for sushi, including the food critics John Curtas and Al Mancini who were there.  I personally think that this kind of place in the US is very special, and I hope that people who come here would understand and not demand that chef make them a tiger roll, and keep this place special.   This sort of place deserves respect and undestanding to be fully appreciated, and if you are one of those people on the list at the top of this review, you may not enjoy the experience, but if you are willing to learn, I would go with someone who does have a good understanding of what an authentic edomae sushi is supposed to be and how it should be eaten.  And if you get it....it will be VERY difficult to go to any other sushi place in this town, or 99%+ of sushi restaurants in the US.
5	I could tell you all the reasons why you shouldn't go here. But what good of a reviewer would I be if I told the Yelp community to stay away because this place is far too amazing and you're not good enough to take part in it. Every food lover who can appreciate the beauty in a piece of raw fish should have the chance to experience what Kabuto has brought to Las Vegas. But good luck trying, there are only 18 seats in the entire restaurant and once word gets out, it ain't gonna be easy to get in.Kabuto is part of the Mon Restaurant Family (Monta, Goyemon, Sushi Mon) and another development from restaurant stylist Martin Koleff. Martin is a pioneer for authentic Japanese eateries in Las Vegas. And at the sushi bar, I was rubbing elbows with those who were more than familiar with Martin's talents. He even popped in for a brief hello during my meal. I was told the Omakase Course ($80) will not be available until after the grand opening. I went with the Nigiri Course ($48) but you can order a la carte if you wish. I was served a pineapple appertif sake, a small cucumber salad with sea snail, and 10 pieces of the best fish I've ever had. You can state your preferences, but I had the chef choose for me. He was actually quite vocal and very friendly! He was conversational and took the time to explain the origin of each fish. The giant clam and bull eye were a couple of my favorites. And the uni with ikura were to die for. After your 10 pieces are served, you have the option of ordering more nigiri or moving on to your handroll. I ordered an additional saba then finished my meal. If you love mackerel. Order it here. I've now found the best saba in Las Vegas.Dessert is not taken lightly here either.  In a couple of months, a Japanese pastry shop is to join this family of restaurants right next door. You have a few dessert options with the nigiri course--mochi, ice cream, or the strawberry layered crepe I ordered. Before I started eating, the chef busted out his iPhone and showed me a picture of a bunch of rocks. Confused, he explained to me the pastry chef's vision. She created the pink and white layers to resemble the layers of rock and sandstone at Red Rock. It was touching, and very delicious.To be quite honest, I've never been to Japan. My understanding of Japanese tradition is a smattering of information from the internet and my Japanese-immigrant friends. But even I can tell that authenticity and quality are of the utmost importance here. From the food to the decor, Kabuto lives and breathes culture. Its unlike any sushi "joint" you've ever visited in town. I won't discourage you from visiting this magnificent addition to the Las Vegas community. But if you walk in expecting a baked roll with cream cheese, please, turn around and leave those 18 seats for the rest of us.
5	Finally.  Las Vegas' first sushi ya is here and not a moment too soon.
5	kabuto review #2I rarely revisit the same restaurant within a week....but this place deserved another visit and I'm already planning to go back yet again next week.  I think I'm becoming a Kabuto-addict as many are going to be if you have been yearning for an authentic edomae style sushi.They started an Omakase menu today, so I gave that a try.  The difference between Omakase and Nigiri course is that they include miso soup as well as sashimi plate that included blue fine tuna, houbou (blue fin robbin), and kasuga dai (baby sea bream) as well as grilled plate, in which today they had Kamasu (barracuda? sort of), australian wagyu, and anago (salt water eel) with sansho spice with anago liver.  It did come with pinapple flavored sake aperitif as well as today's sakizuke (amuse bouche) was grilled kasugodai (baby sea bream) and wakame salad.  Nigiri started out with Kinme (golden eye snapper or alfonsino), blue fine tuna, kanpachi (amberjack), kisu (sand whiting), surume ika (squid), ishidai (striped beakperch), blue fin tuna chutoro, then negitoro hand roll.  I also ordered hotate (scallops) and aoyagi (orange clam) a la carte.  In Omakase, it doesn't come with tamago (eggs) which nigiri course comes with.  I believe that most fish came from Japan again, except for clams (hotate, orange clam from boston), amberjack from kona, HI, and Tuna from Spain again.  They only received 3 Kisu from which they can only make 2 sushi from each fish, so that was pretty nice for itamae-san to save it for me, as kisu as a sushi ingredient is not very common even in Japan as it's a tricky fish to prepare.  It's used a lot in Tempura.  I feel that Omakase is great for those people who want to drink some sake beforehand and eat some sashimi and grilled fish before starting Nigiri.  If you are a straight nigiri kind of person then I'd probably stick with nigiri course.  I just can't say enough good things about this place or hide my excitement.  I love the fact that most of the fish is different from week to week as they get different fish as REAL sushiya does instead of having the same old same old frozen/defrosted fish.  Several words of advice for the edomae sushi noobs:  1)  don't ask for soy sauce. You don't need it unless you have sashimi or hand roll and the wait staff will bring it to you as it becomes necessary.  Besides, they use a special soy sauce that's aged 3 years, so they certainly don't want to leave a big container for people to pour out liberally.  Don't ask for extra wasabi as there is no need for it. Putting wasabi in soy sauce is a huge no-no as it destroys the flagrance.    2)  Try to use your fingers, not chopsticks.  If the itamae sees that you are using a chopstick then he will probably make the nigiri a little firmer so that it doesn't fall apart, but nigiri needs to be soft enough with enough air in the rice portion so that it falls apart as you put it in your mouth.  The proper way is to pick it up with your fingers (thumb/index, middle finger), then rotate it and put it on your tongue with fish part facing down toward your tongue.  In most sushi places you may need to dip the fish part (NOT rice) in soy sauce, therefore nigiri needs to be inverted anyway, but in a proper place like Kabuto, soy sauce is already painted on so it's not necessary to dip in soy sauce.  You want to put the fish down first so that you can feel the texture of the fish, and you do NOT want to put the rice on the tongue first because vinegared sushi rice is too strong of a flavor for you to enjoy each fish's texture/flagrance/taste. 3)  Do not insult the itamae by ordering NON edomae neta (sushi ingredient) such as salmon, unagi, or any silly sounding rolls because they won't have any of that.  Instead, ask the itamae for some edomae neta, which are not commonly seen in the U.S., which are things like anago, kohada (shad), nihama (cooked clam), saba (mackerel), etc.  Can you tell what they have in common??  Yes, they are all cooked or vinegared.  In Japanese, we call them sushi netas that have some "work" done to them.  It takes more skill/time/experience to make them as opposed to just cutting raw fish, but those are the classic edomae neta's that separate the real sushi ya's from the wannabes.4)  As it is still BYOB, try to go out and get yourself some real sake to go with your sushi.  A good sake will go VERY WELL with sushi, especially properly vinegared sushi rice. If you don't like sake, you probably haven't had a good one.  Go to place like total wine and look for a JYUNMAI sake, meaning pure rice sake.  It is sad to admit that the Japanese sake industry has been corrupt for decades, and big companies like shochikubai and ozeki have been making crap sake with additives for decades.  You want to get jyunmai sake that is made of rice and water, nothing else.  Or even better, GINJYO or Daiginjyo are premium sake made from shaved down rice only using the central part, which has more of a fruity aroma.
5	With the name of the  restaurant taken from the word for samurai helmet, you best be wearing one if you plan on venturing into this joint asking for yum-yum sauce, orgasm sauce, or any other mayonnaise/cream cheese concoction since I will personally hunt you down with a Hattori Hanzo blade for offending the pair of Itamae (sushi chefs) preparing the most traditional edomae style sushi with fish flown in daily from the pacific coast to Spain as well as South America and Japan.  I was fortunate to invite two friends to join me to sample their omakase (chef's choice) menu and while expectations were high, they were exponentially exceeded.  If you need a primer on edomae style sushi, check out the recent documentary Jiro Dreams of Sushi or Anthony Bourdain's pilgrimmage to Jiro's sushi bar in Tokyo available on youtube (keywords bourdain and jiro).  The fish is so fresh, the chef has most of them stored in a glass case available for display at the sushi bar with the slightest bit of cooling underneath and it is sliced moments before he brushes 5-year aged shoyu(soy-sauce) and dabs a streak of hand-ground wasabi in the most perfect ratio before being consumed in your mouth by hand (chopsticks may break the warm vinegar rice that beautifully complements the room-temperature fish).   I won't go into each component of the meal in detail since it varies depending on what's fresh on any given day, but the general format for their omakase ($80) is a palate cleansing aperitif (pineapple sake made in house in our case), appetizer (ours was monkfish liver AKA the "fois gras of the sea") 6 pieces of sashimi, 6 pieces of nigiri, a trio of grilled items, handroll, soup, and desserts made in house. The nigiri package is 10 distinct pieces of nigiri for $48.To have a front row seat at the bar watching the artistry of the preparation and plating of each dish as well as the virtuosity of the chefs' knife-work is a thing of beauty.  So much can be said to the impeccable level of detail given to the dining experience including selection of fish (largest/freshest sweet shrimp I have ever tasted), personal touches (each individual piece of tamago was seared with their logo on top), and the intensity of flavors (even the peripheral players such as the pickled ginger, fresh-ground wasabi and the ice cream within their handmade mochi and might I mention the bill arrived with homemade toothpicks packaged in an origami creation and the pen used to sign the credit card was a wooden ballpoint matching the cedar wood panel of the table!) In contrast, the actual decor of the place is devoid of pretentiousness located in the Monta/Raku/Big Wong square behind an unmarked door and thin slit of a window and minimalist modern decor seating 10 at the bar and 2 tables of four so as to avoid distraction towards its stars: the chef and his ethereal creations.  Like one of my greatest omakase experiences in San Francisco, this one definitely ranks up in my top 5 and my only disclaimer is that this could potentially forever ruin one's future sushi experiences in Vegas and beyond.  If I were a samurai about to commit seppuku or hari kari, I deem this a worthy final meal.
5	Who is hotter, Sofia Vergara or Shakira?Who is more influential, Hu or Obama?What tastes better, a blood or Valencia orange?What is the point of these questions?I am so certain that Kabuto is the epitome of sushi in Vegas, that I can use this review to ask pointless questions. (Snap!)
5	48 bucks a person you can bring your own liquor  (They dont have a liquor license yet, I hope they dont apply for it.  I like bringing my own.)AMAZING seafood. I had the bonito and it literally melted in my mouth.They do offer chop sticks but its fun not using it.The pace of each piece they give you is great. Your not left thinking whens the next piece coming.Make reservations. It's a small place. Sits at most 20 people.It's 2 door down from Big Wong.If you know high quality sea food you must come hereNo Altantic salmon or rolls here!!FRESH seafood (I ordered the sweet shrimp and when chef brought it out he killed it right in front of us, sliced it, and served it),
5	Kabuto is a true foodie restaurant :)It's not the sushi with mayo and sauce kind of place ,If that's your thing this isn't the place for you. I was there 3 days after it open and everything was perfect a true Japanese  dinning experience .
5	I came here on its "official" grand opening day. It was first day restaurant got alcohol license and started to serve sake. We all ordered $48 Nigiri tasting meal. It started with one shot of house pineapple sake to clean up your palate, and I got monk fish liver with okura as appetizer. Then it came with 10 courses of nigiri sushi - medium fatty tuna (chu toro), shad, jack mackerel, spring baby tai snapper, salmon roe, cherry salmon, bonito, squid, eggs (tamago), and ended with chu toro handroll.(http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/wWuGa3OOQJro_XGe-GKBXA?select=MR9S-geJqi2dw4DLKpAukw#8ucngOoyjJNGFLhSahQjDg)All the fish tasted soooo fresh and elegant. Nigiri was prepared perfectly with right portion of wasabi and aged soy sauce. I was told by chef most of fish were flown in daily from Japan. Blue fin tuna was flown from Spain. Claims were from east coast. And lived ama ebi (sweet shrimps) were from Santa Barbara. Everything here tasted very authentic. There was no yum yum sauce, AYCE, sushi lasania and blahhhh... It's a true edomae style sushi place for true foodies. I was seated at sushi bar. Both sushi chefs were very friendly and humorous. My mom had a good time to practice her broken Japanese (took 3 years Japanese classes in college) with them. I enjoyed the show chef put it in front of me. It really made me appreciate the sushi that was presented on my plate. I also ordered lived ama ebi on top of my tasting meal. It was the biggest ama ebi I ever had. I couldn't stop smiling after I had it. Nigiri tasting meal ends with complimentary desert. I had "layered crepe" with strawberry cream "cake". I really enjoyed the texture of layered crepe. I also tried their homemade mochi and chocolate muse. I would say strawberry crepe was the best out of three. I felt very fortunate that we finally got a REAL EDOMAE STYLE SUSHI RESUAURANT in Vegas. Right after my meal, I tried to make another reservation with host on mother's day (1 week after). But I was told restaurant is closed every Sunday. (only day without fresh fish delivery) So I had to change to some other days. I can't wait to come back to try their omakase. It's a very small restaurant (10 seats at sushi bar and 8 seats at one big table). Reservation is strongly  recommended!!!
5	My birthday was topped off with my coveted reservation at Kabuto last night.  I was able to get reservations only at 8 PM, so we entered on time and were seated at the bar.  We ended up next to the GM and Lead Sommelier of Sensi, who knew both Misti Y. and Bobby Y. well, and when I got to work today, I learned my supervisor knows them as well!  It is a small world.I ordered sparkling rose and Eric R. the moscato d'asti - we were celebrating after all!  Also, iced green tea for me and hot green tea for him.  He opted for the nigiri set and I ordered the omakase.  We spoke with our bar-mates and the chefs about our upcoming trip to Japan.  It almost makes me nervous thinking about it!We started with the pineapple sake apertif (made in house) - went down easy and very refreshing.  Appetizer: ankimo with wakame and cucumber.  Delicious.  Next, the chef asked if I wanted my sashimi and grill courses first, and then Eric R. and I could have sushi courses at the same time.  We agreed.  I shared my sashimi with Eric R. (tuna, cherry salmon, white snapper + daikon, wakame, seaweed noodles but not kelp - I asked).Next, grill course was grilled snapper tail, boiled mantis shrimp (purple shrimp that tasted almost like soft shell crab - amazing), and small clam sliced.  Then we began the sushi course.  We started with blue fin tuna, golden snapper, shad, king of squid, tamago, anago, and cherry salmon.  The confusion began here.  We had ordered our meals with one chef, but the other chef made the sushi course for us.  He mixed up who had nigiri set and who had omakase.  So I ended up eating Eric R.'s dinner for a time, and we realized it and felt embarrassed.  I definitely did not want to complain, but I did not want a hungry husband at the prices we paid.  We mentioned it to the chefs and Eric R. received his remaining pieces.  So they generously had given me extra nigiri on the house.We had triangle (back of tuna, fatty), jack mackerel, ikura, uni, orange clam.  Then Eric R. ordered extra at that point: dharma snapper (because it was the last piece, it was on the house!), halfbeak (he had the last of that too haha), and black grouper, which was his favorite of those additions.  We forgot to get sweet shrimp until it was out as well.  Next, we each received negi toro handrolls.  Then I got a delicious miso soup with tiny mushrooms that had amazing flavor.  Eric R. asked for a bowl of sushi rice.  Lastly, dessert.  We ordered one strawberry layered crepe and the house made mochi, but since we don't like peanut butter we got 2 vanilla and 1 matcha.  After dessert, we received a different type of hot green tea to end the meal.Overall, it was a unique, 2 hour experience, a very calming and special one.  It is very different than high energy, large, fast-paced AYCE joints for sure.  Every cut of fish is fresh and special for the day.  When we were served nigiri, the chef told us the name and origin of the fish.  The real wasabi was WOW!  The service was a tad slow - it was very difficult to get our non-alcoholic drinks initially and I don't like to drink too much alcohol before eating, and it was very hard to track down a server and get refills on water and tea.  The kindness of the servers and the willingness of the chefs to answer our questions and to correct the mistake in who was eating what made it a very stellar experience.  Due to the fact we will spend buku bucks in Japan for 2 weeks, I do not know if we can return to Kabuto any time soon but I highly recommend it for a special occasion.  Reservations required.
5	great stuff
4	Simple choices, simple design - it's all so wonderful.First visit - omakase.  Second visit - nigiri a la carte.Highlights:* Pineapple apertif* Ankimo (monkfish liver)* Chu toro (medium fatty tuna)* Fresh amaebi (sweet shrimp)* Fresh hotate (scallop)* Jack mackerel* Negitoro handroll* Chocolate mousseWe love Kabuto.  We welcome you to Vegas with open arms.  You are long overdue.Update! (07.18.12)Third visit - nigiri a la carte.Fourth visit - nigiri a la carte.Things have changed slightly.  Yes, portions do seem a bit smaller.  (ie. half an amaebi to an order)More recent highlights:* O toro (premium fatty tuna)* Kamashita (kamashita fatty tuna)* Wakaremi (triangle)* Yariika (spired squid)* Ikura (salmon roe)* Uni (sea urchin)We still love Kabuto but definitely sad to see the nigiri slices getting thinner and thinner. This may affect our monthly visits.
5	Time for me to weigh in on the so-called arrival of "real sushi" in Las Vegas. Long story short, Kabuto is phenomenal. If you're looking for traditional Edomaezushi, look no further. You want the freshest of sushi neta flown in from various parts of the world each day? Do you dream of meticulously constructed nigiri with just the right amount of real wasabi and a brush of aged shoyu? Your search has ended.Every aspect of Kabuto oozes excellence. The exterior is very unassuming and elegant in its simplicity. No gaudy signs. No sign at all, in fact. Just a small window strip display lets you know you've arrived at the right place. This simple elegance continues with the interior decor. Nothing seems out of place. Do yourself a favor and sit at the beautiful cypress sushi bar. This is where the magic happens.The quality of product is only half the story at Kabuto. There is something truly captivating about watching a highly skilled Itamae (that's probably redundant) prepare these edible works of art. Do yourself another favor--eat the nigiri with your hands. This is something I learned a long time ago, but Kabuto is the first place that I truly felt like it was the only way to go.Now about this "real sushi" business, if I'm not mistaken, sushi refers to the vinegared rice. I hazard to say that the art of sushi has merely evolved. There is a place in this world for AYCE and unagi nigiri and Yum Yum Rolls. (Not that I've ever had a Yum Yum Roll, nor do I know what it even contains, but I like the fact that it seems to be the current Yelp running gag). I mean, as much as people romanticize sushi, it originated as street fast food! Then again, that sounds like fast food heaven to me.I think I have The Avengers on the brain, but Kabuto is like Captain America. He's a little old fashioned. But as Agent Coulson states, sometimes we need a little old fashioned. Actually, Kabuto is like The Avengers film itself. No matter how elevated your expectations are, you won't walk away disappointed.Jiro dreams of sushi. I daydream of returning to Kabuto.
5	kabuto review #3My 3rd visit, excellent as usual, and I'll just ramble on about sushi again.  Tonight, they had fuji apple sake aperitif, so I went with that as I've had the pineapple aperitif before.  Very subtle but flavorful.  As they have a liquor license now, I went ahead and ordered a carafe of sake called....now I can't remember, it was the 2nd one from the top and $13 for a carafe.  I was going to order it nurukan (slightly warmed), but the waitress said that it's got some body and fruitiness, and recommended it be served cold so I did.  this is pretty standard procedure where fruity sake, especially ginjyo or daigingyo are served chilled, although there are quite a few people who like them warm/hot as well.  Appetizer today was ika geso (squid leg/tentacle) wakame and cucumber salad.  This may have been my favorite appetizer so far.  They had some stuff today I've never had before.  Ira (tusk fish) and umeiro (ume snapper) I've never even heard of.  They are apparently from kyushu (southern most big island) and usually consumed there, so they usually don't make it out to Tokyo area.  Isaki (striped pig) was very good, Kohada (shad) is a must have and it was braided today (see my photo), which completely changes the texture and I personally like it when the shad is on the big side.  We also had blue fin tuna, chu-toro, katsuo (bonito), Ikura (salmon roe), sakura masu (cherry salmon), ika (squid), and anago (salt water eel).  I also ordered ma-aji (jack mackerel), sayori (half beak), and zuke (soy marinated tuna).  The best one today was ma-aji (jack mackerel).  itamaesan was especially proud of this fat, juicy mackerel as it's in season, and one nigiri piece was one half of this plump fish.  Very nice.  Aji is served raw as opposed to saba (japanese mackerel) which is usually salted/vinegared.  Aji is often served with a pinch of grated ginger as it may have a fishy taste/odor, but no need for that today as aji was very fresh.  Miso soup today had nameko, which is this small slimy mushroom that I've never seen out here and it's always been one of my favorite things to put in miso soup.  Hand roll today was negi-toro, which is one of my favorite things.  A lot of people mistaken that it's a toro, but traditionally, it's not necessarily toro, but scrapings from fatty part near the skin or between the ribs, that's why it's pasty as it was scraped off.  I always like that hot tamago to finish the dinner off :DI was talking with itamae-san about what's coming in season in the next few months to come. Botan-ebi from Santa Barbara will be good until end of June.  Now, if they have it when you are there, you should definitely order it.  They call this sweet shrimp, but it's very different from those thin "sweet shrimps" you get at AYCE places, we call those little ones ama-ebi, which literally means sweet shrimp.  Botan means, peony, and it's called botan ebi because its bright red body resembles peony flower. These are big, fat, plump shrimp/prawn and for whatever reason, botan-ebi is only good when eaten fresh and raw.  This is in contrast to kuruma-ebi (usually translated black tiger prawn, but it's different) which doesn't taste good raw, thus served boiled.  Others that will come into season will be tsubu-gai from Maine, which is this really tasty, chewy clam.  In the summer, shinko will be in season, which is baby kohada (gizzard shad), which is also called konoshiro when bigger.  We call these types of fish shusseuo, which are types of fish that change names as they get bigger and include fish like shinko/kohada as well as yellow tail and amber jack.  Anyway, shinko is tiny.  Perhaps as big as your thumb, and if you've had kohada, you know that a LOT of work goes into preparing it, filleting, deboning, salting, vinegaring, and as small as shinko is, it takes even more effort and amount/time of salt/vinegaring is adjusted by the size/thickness of shinko/kohada.  As shinkos are very small, you'd usually place several fillets on nigiri as opposed to one piece for kohada.  When shinko is in season, all of the sushi lovers in Japan rush to their favorite sushi-ya to savor the arrival of summer sushi season.  I can't wait :D  Then there is winter sushi...plump hirame, fatty tuna, gorgeous yellow tail from the sea of Japan....mmmm.
5	Just one word comes to mind when describing Kabuto...FlawlessThis is the best sushi in Las Vegas. This is the most traditional sushi in Las Vegas. This restaurant is most definitely Michelin Star worthy.The best description I can give about the restaurant is that the chef shows great respect for the quality of the fish. The sushi rice is also flawless. What most people tend to overlook is that sushi rice is just as important as the fish.
5	Once you get past the inconspicuous storefront with no signage and the creepy massage parlor next door, you will be in for an experience.The restaurant orders fish flown in every morning so the menu changes daily.  The variety is great and they order just enough for that day's service - so eat early if you can.  Being an avid sushi eater, I was surprised the menu had a few items I had only heard of.  And a few items not on the menu, such as the "Water Shield" vegetable, from high mountains of Japan with subtle tea-like flavors.  Ask what's not on the menu, you may be surprised.We had the omakase and it was fresh, tasty, meticulously prepared, and explained in detail by the knowledgeable wait staff  With Omakase and a few nigiri a-la-carte, we had these:  Fatty Tuna, Giant Clam, Sweet Shrimp, Striped Pig Fish, Japanese Mackerel, Jack Mackerel, Shad, Sea Eel, sillago, Parrot Fish, Yellow Grouper, Deep Sea Porgy, Tuna, Salmon Roe, Scallop, Orange Clam, Squid.The meal ended with a taste hand roll, miso with shrimp head, and a selection of home made desserts (plum wife sorbet, mango/peanut/green tea mochi).Now that I know where this hidden gem is located, we plan to visit this place every time we go to Las Vegas.
5	Truthfully the best sushi in Las Vegas.  Amazed at the different type of fish brought in, the quality is superb.  In our first visit we had the Omakase, which was great, but the cooked dishes were not as enjoyable as the fish.  So in our second visit, we decided to have the nigiri course.  The overall dinner was amazing especially at the end when we started choosing the fish to be served as additional on top of our original Nigiri Course.  We had the Chu toro... which was good... then we had the O Toro... and that was really good... Then we had the Kamashita... and it was like OMG this just melts in your mouth... The marble on the Kamashita was amazing.... tasting the Kamashita was the highlight of the night..But after reading the reviews... I seem to want to delete my own review... since it will become harder and harder to get reservations ....
3	I went back for a second time with my friends out of town.  I was quite disappointed and I kept talking about to this place to my friends and they were disappointed as well.  First, the service wasn't good.  At one point we were arguing with the server because they lead us to believe something else.  And apparently if you are on two separate tables and are together if you order 2 pieces they just put it on one plate (even other sushi restaurants don't do that) and you pass it over even when you clearly stated a few times that two people want the same fish and so it's 2 orders. Secondly, the fish shrunk. It seemed like everything was cut in half.  The quality of fish was still great but I can't compare them to the first time I went there because not all the fish were the same.  However, I believe the salmon roe and eel's quality were the same both times.  But just the 2nd time around they shrunk.  If you go for your first time it seemed like a typical size you would see at other sushi restaurants.  Everyone was getting impatient.  What happen to their good timing that people didnt seem to notice the timing in between each fish?I dont know if I will be going back.  They have a liquor license now. No more BYOB.
3	I've been a huge fan of Sushimon and Goyemon. Supporting patron for over 10 years! I went with a group of 8 people can left dismayed and disappointed. The ambiance was very chic, simplistic, and quiet tranquil. There were two sushi men, one who was the main guy at Sushimon then Goyemon and another Japanese guy. I was pleased to see all Japanese sushi chefs :) We were all sat at their back table. There were also two Japanese female servers. We all ordered the Nigiri Course ($48) and were thrilled to start the  edomae sushi presentation. We were first presented with a pinapple flavored sake accompanied by  a small appetizer with fresh grated wasabi, okra, 3 cubs of lean tuna (from Spain), thin slices of cucumber and seaweed. It was good and you can taste the high quality of the tuna. The second, third, and fourth presenation was followed by an assortment of 9 pieces of nigiri. Of the assortment several pieces were delicious like the parrot fish, sweet lips, stripped pig (sounds exotic huh?!). If you have been a fan of Sushimon and Goyemon you will notice that there were many cuts of fish that you cannot find at any other sushi place. However compared to the pieces that were given at the bar, we found our pieces of fish so thin and very little rice. After the end of your nigiri dishes the server asks if you would like to purchase or order any additional fish. Keep in mind our party of 8 was divided into 2 tables. My friend and I (sitting at separate tables)  ordered the fresh sweet shrimp (so plump, lightly sweet, and tender). I repeated the order 3 separate times to the server to make sure that she understands. However,  she still had some confusion and two pieces were given to my friend at the other table. I asked the server I had also ordered one and she said it was coming out. She said that since the shrimp was large, they cut the shrimp in half and made two pieces. Well one of those pieces, turned out, was supposed to be mine. While I was waiting for my piece  (ten mins), I was getting so impatient because another couple who had entered later then us were already done.  I yelled at the server and asked her when i was getting my sweet shrimp! She said 'the other piece was yours!'..... OMG!!!! #1) if we were all given separate plates for our orders, why would you place two pieces on one plate #2) we sat at separate tables so why would they we together on one plate?! Our whole course took an unnecessary 2 1/2 hours. We were waiting almost 20 between each course, yet they were quick to take our plates :( Okay, my review is turning into a disaster and I really didnt want to write this review because we truly do love and support Sushimon & Goyemon..... my boyfriend and I go at least once every few weeks :( Before you go, here are some helpful tips in order to get your $48 worth #1. Do not go in big groups (bigger than 4) because you will get sat at a table. The $48 you pay isnt just for the high quality sushi but you are buying the whole experience; like interacting with the sushi chef, seeing your fish being cut, etc. #2. When you make reservations, ask to be sat at the sushi bar#3. While the fish was spectacular, the pieces were so small. You will leave hungry so many stop by Monta Noodle for a snack to fill you up :) #4. The dessert was fabulous! My boyfriend and I ordered homemade mochi ice cream (peanut butter, green tea, citrus) and strawberry crepe cake (7 layers of crepe). Highly recommend these two items! #5. Remember this is not an AYCE place so don't expect to leave full! You are paying for the edomae sushi  experience and the fish that is flown in from Japanese. After this whole disaster, my boyfriend and I will give this place another try. Hopefully after following our own tips, we will have a better experience! : )
5	Go.
5	Folks, this is by far the BEST sushi in Vegas... And I don't really want to use the word "sushi" as it generalizes it in the category of the all you can eat places with volcano rolls n dragon rolls...blah blahNo, this is the real deal sashimi/nigiri RAW fish!  Fresh grated wasabi, aged soy sauce, real chef, FRESH fish, exclusive seating, excellent polite service just like you were in Japan. I had the nigiri flight, oh my screaming orgasm, ok not screaming but I was rolling my eyes... The flavors and freshness was popping, my mouth was watering for more with every piece, an hour went by and10 pieces without a blink, an aperitif of pineapple sake started the whole journey, with toro amberjack, ika, mackerel, and dessert to boot, I'm not really a sweet tooth, but the chocolate mousse was divine! Simply an amazing experience in a nice atmosphere with fantastic seafood and great people. This place will become infamous in the likes of french laundry,Gary danko, Joel Rubichon.... All I can say is just do it, try it you'll luv it Guaranteed! This is it, they have set the bar, and i dont think anyone can top it !Ciao!
5	Vegas' top sushi restaurant.NOT an AYCE joint.  ZERO Americanized rolls.  PURE Edo style sushi.  Before all my sushi loving yeeps book the trip; meaning no disrespect to the Vegas food scene, Kabuto is the best in Vegas, but does not come close to touching the perfection that is the two Michelin star Urasawa in LA.  Granted, it does not come close to the $500 per person price tag of Urasawa either.Rambling food history lesson:  This is classic  Edo style sushi born from necessity (no refrigeration in the early 19th century).  Large fillets of fish (toro) wont spoil as fast at room temperature like small fish (saba) with their bacteria filled intestines or turn rancid from their oxidizing fat (ie anago).  Yummy thoughts.  So, big fish = raw, small fish = marinated, oily fish = cooked.  Most are brushed in shoyu  and include wasabi, to inhibit spoilage.Culinary artistry / craziness has taken over and the humble street food is now served in minimalist zen surroundings,  beautifully sauced and presented the way the chef feels it should be.  Its considered disrespectful for the diner to alter the sushi.Although you can order individual sushi, the omakase ($80) or nigiri sampler ($48) is the best way to experience the ideal progression of flavors.Selections change daily depending on availability.  The seafood is sourced globally.  All extremely fresh.  The chu-toro and o-toro correctly graded and a fatty delight.  The giant clam and ama ebi cloyingly sweet with the perfect oceanic finish.  Firm texture.  The list goes on and on.Very good quality, delicately seasoned, short grain rice.  Nice compaction, holding its form but not breaking the individual grains.  For all its refinement, this is one bite finger food (don't expect pieces of fish so large it slides down your throat and sticks out of your mouth at the same time). Toss the chopsticks aside and dive right in!Highly recommended.
5	This is easily one of the best Japanese meals I've ever had and I thought it was given better than some of the Japanese celebrity chefs in town. It's very authentic and you sit at the bar and watch the sushi chef prepare the sushi for you.We had the omakase though I think my favorite part was the nigiri so next time I'll probably order the nigiri tasting instead.I like how they only serve the freshest ingredients, so the omakase menu changes daily. I was a bit sad to learn there was no sweet shrimp after other Yelpers raved about their sweet shrimp, but I was still really happy with my meal. I was really excited to try a lot of different fish that I've never had before like sweet lips and striped pigfish. It was quite tasty.  The handroll and tamago were also great highlights of the meal.  And the fatty tuna was to die for!I typically don't like eating pickled ginger, but theirs tasted quite different and homemade. I really enjoyed it. Service is impeccable and the dishes came out really fast. The only minor thing I would change is that the homemade mochi ice cream is really frozen when they served it, but I was too impatient to wait for it to soften.
5	If sushi knowledge were based on the amount of fish and rice that has touched my  taste buds, I'd have about 14 masters degrees by now.  They'd probably be in fields such as Muppet Engineering or Bagel Architecture, though.  Huh?  What I'm saying is, even though I've eaten a lot of fish and rice over the years, a sushi expert I am not, but I absolutely enjoyed my dining experience at Kabuto.  Both times.  In the same week.I'm not going to say this is "real" sushi since I have nothing to back that up with, but I will say that this is the first Edomae style sushi I've had.  Your meal is paced much, much slower than an AYCE restaurant, with only one item being served to you at a time.  Each piece of nigiri is prepared in front of you, with the sushi chef telling you about the fish and its country of origin.  Everything being served has gone from the ocean to Kabuto's kitchen in a span of 24 hours or less.  You can start calling at 3:30pm to see what fish has been delivered for that day.  You may even be able to sweet talk them into saving specific items for you!At Kabuto, quality is king, and it will leave a lasting impression on you.  Every piece of fish I've had since has been compared to Kabuto, and I can't see myself dropping that comparison anytime soon.  The only real solution is to get back to my sushi studies by going back to Kabuto.  This is one class that I won't mind repeating.
5	I have finally found a new go to place for pure sashimi/nigiri sushi here in Vegas. Kabuto definitely has what it takes to do very well in Las Vegas for pure sushi purists. Do not come here looking for an all you can eat menu or specialty rolls with interesting sauces and names. Come here if you are a sushi purist that is looking for quality, fresh fish that rivals some of the best sushi places that I have ever been in LA, SF and all over the country.I came here with my girlfriend and another friend and was able to share their omakase menu. It was a good opportunity to try the variety that Kabuto has to offer, especially since we came within the first month of opening. I am really looking forward to going back to see how they have progressed. Omakase menu for $80Pineapple flavored sake aperitifMonk fish liver appetizerSashimi selection - tuna from Spain, bonito from Japan, trout from HokkaidoWarm/cooked platter - Kobe beef tataki, grilled conch, barracuda with sea saltSushi selection - japanese mackeral, golden big eye snapper, medium fatty tuno (toro), jack mackeral, tomago (with Kabuto branded on top), sea eelTuna hand rollThey also have a sushi nigiri omakase for $48. I think the next time I would just order a la carte and try as many of the fresh fish that they have (typically about 20-25 pieces) that are flown in on a daily basis. The other interesting part of Kabuto is that they do not have the typical layout of most sushi places where you have a refrigerator sitting in front of you at the bar. Instead, they have a traditional japanese box of fish that is what they serve daily. Its in a glass case and if they run out, then you are out of luck for that fish that day. According to many sushi chefs that I have talked to, this is a very traditional Japanese way of serving sushi.Overall, I will definitely go back and visit Kabuto again. As much of a sushi snob that I admit to being, Kabuto definitely is a place that I will frequent and recommend to anyone looking for fresh fish in Las Vegas.
5	Our new favorite for sushi. We've been coming here for about a year now and when we think about sushi we notice that we stopped thinking about going anywhere else.The food is always fresh and perfectly prepared. Best lightest fried Tempura I've ever had with great sauce, great endamame, always delicious fish. Everything feels prepared with care and attention. Never has a dish arrived where we weren't completely delighted. Some sushi places seem to miss the mark, you know? Not here.
3	I really wanted to rate this higher. But my experience was cut short due to an allergy, and the way the restaurant handled the bill afterwards deeply affected my feelings about this place. The first issue was that we had a reservation for 7. I asked to bump it up to 8 and was told no. I persisted and asked if we moved the rez time later, could it be accomodated. Yes, but then my friend didn't want to dine that late. So we sit down on the 2 tables . . . set for 7, with an empty chair. Why was 8 too much trouble to accomodate?I had about 7 courses (including the opening cocktail) before I could no longer continue. I apparently had an allergy to something that I was unaware of. The server did ask when we sat down about allergies for the $80 omakase menu and I let her know. She made a suggestion that I stay away from another fish that is similar to the one I was allergic to, but I had never had before, so that was appreciated. I ended up having to leave to get some medication, and told the server that I could no longer continue eating. While I was gone, she apparently told my party that the next 3 courses were already made and she proceeded to put it in the middle of the table for the rest of the diners to share. No other courses came out. I came back and just hung out with my friends until the bill arrived. There was a full charge, which was kind of expected . . . but in every other restaurant I have ever worked in, when there is an allergic reation (whether or not the fault of the restaurant), the person affected never gets charged. After talking with the server, she agreed to take off $10 because she said I only missed 2 courses. She should have done this up front. So the food quality was amazing, presentation was very nice. My friends will probably come back and try it again, but for a brand new intimate restaurant, I expected more than just being treated like a number.
5	Finally, a LV sushi restaurant truly deserving of all its accolades! What can I add that hasn't already been said? We've been longing for a high quality sushi restaurant, ever since experiencing Sushi Sasabune, twice I might add, in Honolulu. After trying one local restaurant after the other, all rated 4 to 5 stars on Yelp, we were greeted with disappointment again and again, until now. Expensive but oh so delicious, Kabuto is a gift from the sushi gods, and I am only too eager to return to worship at this temple.
5	Well, I had to go for my Kabuto fix tonight and introduced a friend of mine who has never had an authentic edomae sushi to the REAL DEAL.I was somewhat hungry, so I went with my now usual Chirashi followed by Nigiri set.  I feel that Chirashi with its great tasting sushi rice with sashimi (blue fin tuna, sumi-ika, and suzuki today) is a great way to start things up and it comes with their fantastic miso soup.  I am always impressed with their great miso soup everytime I have visited here, and it was nameko (slimy mushroom) miso soup today and dashi in their miso soup is consistantly fantastic.  The appetizer was outstanding today:  yamaimo wrapped in blue fin tuna with wasabi leaf with wakame and cucumber sunomono.  Aperitif today was fuji apple flavored sake.  I did have atsukan (hot sake) today and I can't recall the name of the particular sake but it was the first one of the list.  Good mellow Junmai and relatively inexpensive.  For those people who do not like Sake, their first encounter with sake may have been marred by low quality non jun-mai (100% rice) sake, so this is a good place to try the good stuff and to realize how well junmai sake compliments sake.  This is no surprise as sake is fermented rice wine, and sushi rice contains fermented rice vinegar.  I can't remember what all I had today but let me try to recall:  umedai, kinmedai, suzuki, the chef substituted sumi-ika with kohada as we had it with chirashi, I substituted akami with zuke, chutoro, aji (outstanding!), uni/ikura, and anago, then toro hand roll.  I am missing one but I can't recall.  Today the chef served us uni from catalina island as well as ezo bafun uni from Hokkaido, which is THE premium uni in Japan, and oh my....I thought that catalina island uni was good, but it pales in comparison to ezo bahun uni...that is the REAL DEAL right there.  Oh, we did have tamago, which was hot and tasty as usual.  Perhaps that was the 10th piece?  As always, I indulged myself to a few more pieces between anago and hand roll.  I had scallops from boston....fantastic!!  then Ooooooo toro!!  I was excited when the chef pulled out a "saku"(large piece of tuna before being cut to individual serving pieces) of ootoro....it was marbled so heavily that you barely saw any red part and it melted on my tongue like an ice cream leaving that incredibly fragrant blue fine fat flavor that is not too heavy  like a mammalian fat. I'm certainly not exaggerating this as tuna fat contains fats like DHA/EPA with lower melting temperature than human body temperature, therefore it melts in your mouth, especially with a fatty piece like ootoro.  Then I had aoyagi that was wonderful and had another piece of that flavorful scallop from Boston.  I had their new desert, annin dofu, which is almond flavored tofu, or more like a jello, commonly seen in Chinese cuisine as dessert.  It was a sublime meal.  Just thinking about the experience and writing about it makes me want to go back for more, and there is no doubt that I will sooner than later.  I've come here quite a few times, and I have gotten so comfortable with their cozy, intimate atmosphere as well as great service and impeccable food that is prepared with great skill, care and pride.  I am not sure how some reviewers found either/both food/service subpar?  I think those people either have no palate, humility to learn what is true/authentic/new to them, obtuse, or all of the above.  My friend who came with me had never had an authentic edomae style sushi before(as 99.9% of Americans never have)  , but as observant and studious as he is, he had no problem greatly enjoying and absorbing this new experience and I hope that all of you who is new to authentic edomae sushi will find this an enlightening and memorable experience.  For those who don't.....perhaps you may just want to keep enjoying your mayo and yum yum sauce-laiden monstrosity of rolls at your favorite Chinese/Korean sushi joint.  There is nothing wrong with that, but please leave these precious 10 counter seats to those people who want to enjoy real sushi.
5	As other reviews have already mentioned, this is not your average Las Vegas-style Japanese restaurant, aka all-you-can-eat sushi.  I am not going to go into what kind of dishes we had because the menu changes daily, based on whatever is fresh that day.  But if you have an open mind and would like to broaden your horizon on Japnese cuisine and culture, then do not hesitate - GO TO KABUTO!!!  Kabuto is a bit pricey, but you pay for what you get.  Enjoy!
4	I came here with alot of expectations after reading all of these reviews and watching Jiro Dreams of Sushi just a few days before but unfortunately I left hungry.   I think I left about 10% full.Don't get me wrong.  The quality of the sushi is the best I've had in Vegas.   It's probably second to sushi I ate in New York.I especially enjoyed the Ma Aji, Jack Mackeral, Akami (Blue Fin Tuna), and the Chu Toro (medium fatty tuna)   The tamago was so damm good.  It's a masterpiece and I wish I could eat more.We got the 10 piece nigiri dinner and ordered the wakaremi triangle which melt in your mouth.After eating, we had a full meal at Big Wong afterwards.  They really benefit from the foot traffic from all the other Japanese eateries.Come here for the experience - sip some sake, and take it all in and you'll have a good time.  I'm just a little piggy - I think i could eat 3 of the nigiri dinners and still be hungry.
5	Best fish in US. Melts in your mouthFlown in fresh daily.  Interesting choices at $4-8 a piece ( not for two pieces).Worth every penny.Hard to find, as there is no sign.  Reservations are a must.
3	First time we came here it was phenomenal. Second time, not so much. Of note, our favorite item both times being the negitoro hand roll. This time we ordered one omakase ($80) and one nigiri tasting ($48). The main differences between the omakase and nigiri tasting are 6 pieces of sashimi, 3 pieces of grilled fish, and miso soup. Was it worth the extra $32? Certainly not. The main problem during this visit was that the serving sizes were significantly smaller than last time, ranging from 1/3 to 1/2 smaller. The first time we had 2 nigiri tastings because that was all they were offering at the time. While we weren't stuffed, our hunger was comfortably satiated. This time around we paid for more food, but both left hungry. In fact, as we left, I seriously considered stopping by Ramen Sora! The quality overall is still excellent, except for the surprisingly subpar miso soup, but they have gotten stingy with their portion sizes. Previously, while not an inexpensive night out, the price could be considered reasonable. Sadly this is no longer the case. We are not big eaters and when we pay $128, before tax/tip, for two tasting menus, we expect to at least not be still hungry at the end. We don't mind shelling out top dollar for great food, but it is difficult to justify paying these prices for what have become miniscule portions of food. In addition, the service this time was inconsistent at best. The timing between courses was highly variable as was when our glasses of water were refilled. It is heartbreaking, and we are unlikely to return.
5	This is the best sushi I've had in Las Vegas. Without a doubt. Don't expect deep-fried, mayo-sauce-based, pornographically-named rolls here. Not that kind of place. Just fresh, beautiful, pristine fish on just the exact right amount of rice. Some with exactly the right painting of wasabi and soy. We went with the nigiri course, and I added the miso soup of the day.First, an Asahi draft. Next, the mango sake apertif. When the miso soup came, it was smoky, earthy, salty, dotted with these tiny, perfect mushrooms, and absolutely delish.  And then the show really started. An appetizer of fluke wrapped around sprouts. Delicate, amazing texture, and the ideal shot across the bow.A procession of gorgeous fish followed, and darn me for not taking notes. There was more fluke, chu-toro, sea eel, a vibrant sea trout, jack mackerel, squid, three others that escape me and yummy yummy tamago. I ordered giant clam just for fun. For dessert, almond tofu made into a fragrant panna-cotta-like gel and sprinkled with firm diced peach.Beginning to end, it all lasted a bit less than two hours. Slow. Down. Taste everything. Really concentrate, mindfully, on the textures and flavors. It will make an already-great experience into something practically transcendent. And have fun.
5	I'm not gonna write much about this place. Literally everything I've eaten has been absolutely perfect, even things I typically hate. You won't find better sushi than this anywhere near Vegas. The strawberry cake dessert is amazing too btw
3	I had huge expectations for Kabuto, based on the online reviews and the recommendation of one connected Las Vegas food professional, who said his friends liked it. Plus the ramen place Monta, apparently owned by the same people, was such a revelation for me. Kabuto and Monta are in the same Las Vegas strip mall. For me, Kabuto was a disappointment. It was above average sushi. With a beer, a 10-piece nigiri sampler, a couple of extra pieces of sushi and a tip, my bill came to $84. My taste buds didn't taste sushi that rated that kind of cost.To cut directly to the point, two sushi stood out as especially fishy tasting: the jack mackerel and the shad. The jack mackerel had an especially strong sardine taste. I was eating the ginger after that one. I have to confess I'm not a veteran of high-end sushi places. Maybe this was how the jack mackerel and the shad was supposed to taste. If I'm spending a lot of money on the food (this sushi is flown in fresh daily, according to other online reviews) I'm expecting a superb experience.For me, the unpleasant tasting sushi started with the first one. It's listed on the menu as kinme or golden big eye. I assume from a Google search it's some kind of snapper. It was a mild fishy taste. Not as strong as the jack mackerel or shad. But right from the start it was an unpleasant fish taste.The sushi I liked the most were the fattier tunas plus the sweet shrimp. Both the medium fatty tuna, the chu-toro, and the premium fatty tuna, the o-toro, were delicious. The sweet shrimp and the o-toro were sushi I bought in addition to the 10-piece sampler. I started my meal with a mango sake that was pleasant and some sort of spicy radish. I couldn't quite understand how they were pronouncing its name. Even the sushi I liked didn't blow me away, though. Not enough to justify the price of a meal at Kabuto.The restaurant itself is beautiful. There is no sign on the exterior, just a plain wall and a window. When you get inside, the restaurant is truly beautiful. Simple, elegant and tasteful are the words that come to mind.And the service was excellent. They came through there.Again, I have to acknowledge I don't have experience at top sushi places. But I can go to places in the Bay Area that has sushi that tastes as fresh or better on my taste buds and it's a quarter of the price.
5	We had the opportunity to dine here last night. We had a party of 4 and had an 8:30 reservation. The restaurant has no signage in the front so you have to use some detective skills and peak through a little slit of a window to see what's going on inside. The interior is very minimal. There is a sushi bar which seats about 12 and 2 tables which seat 4. The person who took us here recommended coming early (when they open at 6) as fish tends to run out as we learned during our 2.5 hour meal. He also recommended to NOT bring parties bigger than 4. The experience at Kabuto is supposed to be, for a lack of a better term, slow. You're encouraged to take your time, savor each bite, taste the fish and feel the textures.We each ordered the Omakase ($48/person). We each ordered beer and was also given a glass of mango sake (which I REALLY enjoyed). We started with a little seafood salad (squid, fish, kelp and vinaigrette). Next we had our 10 nigri (which came in groups of 3 and one in a group of 4). The chef decides which fish to serve each night. After our nigiri course, we decided to try 2 more types of fish (the Kelp Grouper and a cut of tuna called the "Triangle"). We were then served toro hand rolls, then dessert. We each got a different dessert (papaya sorbet, mochi ice cream, strawberry layer cake and a custard-type dessert) and shared. The fish was great, the mango sake they served with our meal was delicious, the desserts were great. I really enjoyed my dining experience.I believe our bill came out to about $250 (for our party of 4). Keep in mind we had Omakase for 4, 2 additional nigiri per person and about 6 glasses of Asahi. This place is not cheap. Please do not come here if you're looking for an AYCE sushi place. Have some respect for the quality of fish and service this place has to offer. It is unlike any where else in Las Vegas. I truly enjoyed my experience here and I look forward to my next.
5	The finest sushi restaurant in Las Vegas, and one of the top in the United States. EVERYTHING in Kabuto is the finest you will find. Every ingredient from the aged shoyu (soy sauce aged for 3 years), to the fish that is flown live directly from the Tokyo market, is beyond comparison. This meal will cost you... but it is the finest you will ever taste. This is an experience! Be sure to make a reservation before going. Warning.... Kabuto will ruin every other sushi restaurant you go to. ENJOY! :)
5	This is by far the best, freshest sushi ever and also just a wonderful experience!  Sit at the bar for sure to you get the rice and soy still warm when you pop it in your mouth.  Heaven!
4	It's very difficult to find since there aren't any signs. I had to ask at Monta since I knew they were owned by the same. Sushimon and Goyemon too are part of the same group.Kabuto is good. It is small. It does the upscale sushi -- like many places in NY -- but that it is in Las Vegas is GREAT. I went alone late at night and sat at the sushi bar. A cricket was jumping around on my table and the chef tried to shoo it away. It was a bit funny.I had chirasi, miso, and an assortment of sashimi and nigiri sushi. I didn't get the set menus. The chirasi is delicious - loved the rice underneath it, but it is very small... more like an appetizer course. The yellow tail, tuna, uni, and a few other fish I can't name -- ordered at the wait staff's suggestion. They were thinly sliced, was fresh etc. The wasabi was FRESH - this was what was great for me. I get lots of fresh fish at lots of sushi restaurants in Las Vegas... but not many have fresh wasabi. On the other hand, I really enjoy eating at Goyemon for 1/3 of the price. I think my bill came to about $75 for one person not including tip. I wanted to try it and I'm glad I did... It's either that more and more sushi restaurants are getting better or I'm not as finicky as before. I've eaten at sushi restaurants all over Japan, Korea, US - NY, SF, LA... and I think my request is pretty simple... give me fresh yellowtail sashimi and that just about does it for me along with uni. Sen of Japan is I think equal to Kabuto... and I really enjoy Sen. But if I were to go eat sushi alone again... I may just head on out to Goyemon and eat at the sushi bar. It doesn't have the ambiance, or the artisan flair, but their yellow tail is just as good.
4	Some of the best fish selection I have ever seen....a bit pretentious about making reservations...the 48$ menu is awesome price point for everything you get!!!
5	Kabuto is certainly the new sushi sheriff in town.  As far as local sushi joints go, nothing can match their quality, preparation, care and detail.  The look on my face after my first bite of toro rivaled Arnold Schwarzenegger's face in "Total Recall" when his eyes were popping out.  Would've been a classic profile picture!I did the omakase and everything was great.  I plan on just getting the nigiri courses and then just ordering additional nigiri since that's all I want the next time.  Maybe an order of toro with a side of chu-toro.  Make your reservation on Tuesday or Friday since they get their fish shipments from Tokyo on those days.
5	Forget about the sushi places on the strip! For a truly wonderful sushi experience, go to Kabuto! They have fish that I've never even heard off! I had the full on omakase plus a few extra pieces of nigiri sushi. Everything was good, but I think the next time I will just order the nigiri course and add on additional pieces. The prices are very reasonable, service was excellent and the fish is fresh.
5	The first rule of secret sushi is that you don't talk about secret sushi. Ok, now that we got that out of the way I can say that without a doubt this was the best sushi meal I have ever experienced and I have eaten at quite a few fine fishy establishments on both the East and West Coasts. The $48 nigiri meal is definitely the way to go even if it doesn't fill you up. The menu at Kabuto changes daily depending on what they fly in from around the globe. I couldn't even begin to remember what I ate but it was like eating buttered sushi that literally melted on your tongue and drowned your tastebuds in flavor. Each piece was like an otherworldly experience that I savored. The nigiri meal also includes a tasty miso soup, hand roll, and incredible homemade dessert that was to die for. What are you waiting for? When each and every review for Kabuto is basically a short story you know that you are in for a flavorful exploration. Don't worry about writing anything down as you wouldn't want to sully any moment of the experience. You're welcome!
5	This place was amazing! Every year, I visit my family in Vegas who never disappoints in bringing me to the best foodie places.  The fish is spectacular (especially the Tazmanian trout), melting in your mouth and served both sushi and sashimi-style over warm rice.Although a bit hard to find (only noticed by that one strip of light on the wall) once you find this place, being served here is definitely an experience.  My family decided to go big on the 'Omakase', with roughly six courses.  Each of which being equally fresh and tender, finishing us off with the almond tofu (yum!).Without a doubt I would recommend this place to any visitor or local!
5	First time - excited!  Will it live up to the hype?  What if I don't like something they serve me?  Will I even KNOW what I'm eating??  These are the questions that ran through my mind, and I have to admit I was a bit nervous.As I pondered the menu, I decided the omakase was an amazing opportunity to try lots of new flavors so I just went for it!  We ordered a bottle of Moscato with our meal, and I was pleased with my husband's choice.  We were started off with an aperitif of mango sake made by the chef - it was a perfect little start!  With tiny bits of ice, it was really cold and sweet.  Highly enjoyable!Our first tasty tidbit was a little salad of sea bass and seaweed.  The sea bass was tender and paired nicely with the seaweed.  I normally don't care for seaweed, but I actually enjoyed the texture of this.Next up:  sashimi.  There was tuna was from Spain, Tasmanian trout, porgy, and a fourth one I can't remember.  I have no idea what porgy is, but it was so incredibly light and fresh.  All of the fish was fresh with delicate flavors.  Loved it!Next up, grilled fish served with house-made soy.  The soy was as delicate as the fish with a wonderful lightly smokiness.Nigiri course was next, and I was surprised that the rice was served warm.  When I asked the chef why it was served warm, he said it was "...from his heart."  Awww....We enjoyed kitsu (sand boter), ma-aji (jack mackerel), o-toro (premium fatty tuna), and anago (sea eel).  The quality of the fish and the expert preparation made this the best sushi I've ever had.  Ever.  For the first time, I ate my sushi without adding any wasabi or soy.  It didn't need it.  Simply enjoy the delicate flavors and texture.Included in the omakase was soup - my husband & step-daughter enjoyed the fish and I went for the mushroom miso as well as gyoku (sweet omelet).  The gyoku is as delicate as the fish with a hint of sweetness.We ordered a few more pieces of sushi and then finished with dessert course.  The almond tofu is a-ma-zing!  My step-daughter enjoyed three different types of mochi:  green tea, vanilla and a fruity flavor (she said it tasted like a pineapple life saver).Looking forward to our next visit!
5	Definitely the best Sushi in town.  It's a gem hidden in the small strip mall on Spring Mountain. Had the $48 set course and it was a very good portion for me.  I would recommend this restaurant to a true sushi enthusiast, if you are looking for some "fusion",  then Kabuto will not be the place for you.  You should only visit if you don't live on California rolls and want to try authentic Sushi.
5	Can't wait to go back!! Love every detail things they concerned. Knowledge of fish and freshness of food. Best Sushi in town I would dare say!! Just a warning their food would completely spoil your taste buds and you might not find anywhere else are the same :D
5	This is the best sushi and Japanese restaurant in Las Vegas, and honestly, it's probably the best sushi meal I've eaten outside of Tokyo.  Good luck getting a reservation on short notice, but luckily we kept trying the week I was in town and managed to sneak in 9.30.  The quality of the fish is mindblowing, it is undoubtedly better than Nobu or any other high end strip casino's overpriced sushi restaurant and far better priced, you'll probably spend 50-75% at Kabuto compared to any other strip joint.My friends who are also sushi aficionados and I considered the omakase momentarily but ultimately we knew what to do:  we ordered one piece of every item on the menu.  The outstanding highlights fish wise were absolutely the toro (when I was there, they had three varieties ranging in fattiness) and the bonito, but nearly every piece of fish I ate was better than any other serving I have had of it at another restaurant anywhere in the USA, and I'm from Seattle, eat a ton of sushi, and have been to Japan 3 times.  The salmon roe was the best item and was mindblowingly better than any other I have had, my friends and I were absolutely dumbfounded.  We wound up spending about $125 apiece, and eating 22 pieces of nigiri each as well as sharing the two different kinds of miso they offered between the three of us, and a super popular roll we saw consistently ordered that night which turned out to not be that impressive compared to the rest. Certainly remember to make a reservation in advance, this place only seats 18, and if you are nuts about sushi you cannot miss this place.  This will 100% be the best meal you eat in Las Vegas.  I've eaten all the sushi joints and major steakhouses in Vegas, and I would pick Kabuto over all of them if I was in town for one night and could only pick one place to eat.
3	Okay so please let me explain my rating cause the sushi was good but the portions were obnoxiously small and it was extremely overpriced.  Don't get me wrong the fish quality was very high but not much better than other higher end sushi restaurants that were cheaper.  Your paying for ambiance and intimacy but I found it hard to justify the prices for sushi. There was nothing all that special or unique about their fish when you compare it to other higher end restaurants. The most unique thing I noticed was how small all their portions of fish were.  I am not advocating disgustingly large portions as is typical with many American restaurants but this was a bit ridiculous to me. We spent around 200 per person ordering both omakase and a la carte. I would recommend eating something before going if you don't want to spend too much money trying to fill yourself on sushi.
4	I hate to be the one to do this, because this is a beautiful restaurant and the food is incredible, but man, it's not very good value for money.Is the sushi absolutely pristine, melt-in-your-mouth delicious?  Of course!  But I've had sushi that is 95% as good for half the price ($250 for two, with 1 carafe of sake, ouch!).  I don't mind spending a lot for a great meal, and don't get me wrong, this place serves an outstanding experience; I just leave feeling slightly hungry and a little bit shorted.  The nigiri is extremely small, and you only get ONE piece for the quoted amount on the menu.  Even for the cheap stuff!  I think you can stretch 2 pieces of tamago for $6, guys.One of my personal "Yelp filters" (how I judge whether a review is worth paying attention to) is when people praise "portion size".  I get images in my head of people going to Chilli's and getting a three course meal and saying they were "pleasantly full" on their 3500 calorie meal.  On the other hand - c'mon, guys!  I understand that flying fresh fish into the desert is expensive, but you know what?  I live in the western side of the Mojave Desert and there's a sushi place near my house where the owner does exactly that.  And my wife and I can have a full, satisfying omakase meal of all fresh, delicious fish for like $150, with two bottles of sake.  On that note, there is a brand/style of sake that Kabuto claims they only carry.  I HIGHLY recommend it.  I have no idea if you can only get it at this restaurant, but it's incredible.I'd just like to stress that this isn't a BAD review.  I am picking nits to the nTH degree, here.  The food is absolutely flawless, and really, a testament to how good it is - I wish I could have gotten more of it for the same money!
5	Laura A.'s review is reflective of my evaluation of Kabuto.
4	After watching "Jiro Loves Sushi" on Netflix I had a hankering for some nigiri.  Kabuto is a low key place in the same plaza as Raku, Monta Ramen, and, somewhat lower on the culinary scale, Big Wong.  This was my first time enjoying this type of sushi experience so I wouldn't judge myself an expert.  Here are my basic impressions.1) The fish is very fresh.2) For my taste, the rice was somewhat underseasoned.  I don't want a vinegary mess but the rice was a bit bland for me.  I'd prefer the rice at a place like Sen of Japan.3) The egg dish was amazing.  Sweet, savory, and perfectly cooked. I could have eaten 100 of them.4) Can't decide on my favorite fish.  There was toro, of course.  But every piece was absolutely delicious.5) Was still hungry when dinner was over.  I expected this as even at $70 you don't expect to be stuffed when eating mostly high end fish.I think everyone should try this at least once.  Though the more budget conscious might be upset with the value.  Enjoy.
5	Kabuto is the latest addition of haute Japanese cuisine that's dominating the local Vegas dining scene, a highly anticipated newcomer, raved by critics to a hype like no other (reservations are hard to come by, you won't get in for months...) Blah blah blah, I got us a Friday reservation at 7:30 on Tuesday.....But I stopped listening to Vegas critics for anything other than information on new venue openings, their silly dithering about the fabulocity of every 'Strip Trap'; as if simply transplanting restaurants from other cities gives any sustenance/foundation to urban fabric of this somewhat 'tragically hip' enclave of lost souls...From the outside, there's little indication regarding the nature of the restaurant, much less signage-it's minimal and bare to almost a fault, if one didn't really look at it and realize it's beauty: a narrow elongated window with carefully placed ceramics for a sneak peak inside, a slatted glass door alludes a faint reference to a Japanese vernacular. With such a stark facade, you almost respect the 180 degree decision to it's purity, especially in a city that indulges in over-the-top, more is better, gaudy and misaligned designed restaurants.  It's almost a religious experience with its alter to Gods of the ocean, thus we entered into the temple of Sushi!  Upon entering gated doors, you step into a different world: minimal yet a bright interior unfettered with clutter with every ornament meticulously placed.  It's as if you've entered into an art gallery, an immediate volume of space creating mood and attitude that the food commands, screaming: 'PAY ATTENTION!!!'With only twenty seats in the entire restaurant, it's more of a boutique than a restaurant, referencing a cultural crossover imported straight from Japan.  As it's always preferable to sit at the counter, a repoire with the Sushi Chef will further inform and enlighten the experience; some explaining and background is necessary when it come to the various fish species and it's origins.There are two prix-fixe omakase courses to choose from, which the only difference is a couple of appetizers in the beginning followed by the same Nigiri Sushi course afterwards.  We opted for the full Monty, with some Nigiri requests after the course to get a full spectrum of the Chef's hand.The course commences with an aperitif: Mango Sake chilled with Ice.  Light, sweet but surprisingly refined with no sugary, headache inducing coma after ten minutes.  In addition, we ordered sake to accompany the meal: 'Sato No Homare' a Junmai Gingo Grande; a premium Sake that is well balanced, crisp and fruity, the texture and aroma compliment each other as well as the Sushi.The first course starts us off with a cold dish, Giant Clam and Geso (Squid Tentacles) along with Cucumber and a summer sprout called 'Jyunsai' - Water Shield.  This dish focuses heavily on the textural combination rather than punches of flavor.  The second course directed us right into the main attraction, fish in it's purist form: Sashimi.  It's with this dish we get to inspect, (more like admire) the quality of fish Chef has selected for the evening; it's here, we observe the knife technique in the slices resembling patterned fabric-racing lines ingrained into the flesh, visuals of swift moving fish come to mind as it's presented so elegantly.'Umimasu' - Ocean Trout'Chinu' - Snapper'Katsuo' - BonitoFor the next course: we move onto the heavier protein dishes.  From the left: Lettuce wrapped in Kobe Beef, 'Kochi' Saikyo Miso Yaki - Flathead grilled Saikyo style with Miso and Grilled Hiramasa - Yellowtail Amberjack in a light Soy.  And even the proteins had a heavier consistency than any other dishes, they were subtle in flavor and the textures were brought to the forefront of the palate - I would even say that was most memorable: from the chilled thin slices of raw beef, the succulent slivers of fish moist with Miso savoriness and rich tender Grilled Yellowtail, hearty with fat and Soy.And finally  the Piece de Resistance, the Sushi: I would try and explain each piece to you, but it would be impossible for a novice like me to be in any way accurate, so as I used to say back when I worked as a Bartender in NY, 'it's just YUMMY'!.....that seemed to enough for everyone...although, they were also drunk...'Ishigaki Tai' - Spotted Knifejaw'Hiramasa' - Yellowtail Amberjack'Ma Aji' - Jack Makerel'Chu Toro' - Medium Fatty Tuna'Ikura' - Salmon Roe'Engawa' - Fluke Mustle Fin'Uni' - Sea Urchin flown from Hokkaido that morning!'Chikamenkintoki' - Long Finned Bull Eye'Suzuki' - Branzino 'Renko Dai' - Deep Sea Porgy'Kohada' - Shad'Ma Saba' - Japanese Mackerel'O-Toro' - Premium Fatty Tuna'Kamashita' - Kamashita Fatty Tuna'Negi Toro Maki'Kabuto served an incredible experience; a first class meal paralleling that to any Sushi experience from world class cities...New York, LA, be aware; Vegas has a  culinary force that cannot be ignored!!!
3	I brought my family there because of the rave reviews.  We had the omakase meals, but ended up disappointed.  The portion was very small.  The fish quality was pretty fresh, but I've had better from Raku next door.  We left not hungry but ot full for sure.  For the price, I think the meal did not meet our expectation.  My family all felt the same.We would not want to come back
3	5 Star service from Waitress, 5 Star Quality but still a 3 star..... can't bump it up to 4, and i really want to. I was really hyped to come here, since I have not been back to Japan for 3 years, I thought I can finally have authentic  Japanese food I miss so much. I made reservation for monday,I figured they are closed on sunday so fish will be extra fresh on Monday. Did the Nigiri course with Miso soup and extra uni nigiri. Appritizer Bonito was fresh, seaweed and cucumber flavor was little off for me... Nigiri course which chief explain each fish, it was truly fresh and was good quality one.  Had the best Uni here in US, their snapper like fish from japan was AMAZING... Ikura had clean flavor....  okay so whats the 3 stars?To me,their rice was extra soggy, maybe was jut that day? Also their Fish miso soup, still had lots of bones they took broth from ( which fish bones make the best broth) but for the price and fanciness they should take out the bones and put a piece of a fish (even if it has lil bones, can't put all the bone in there)Nigiri size for omakase was small... so rice and fish perfect portion was ruined, which is important in sushi restaurants. Okay so my point is, high quality fish, if they charge as much as they do... can be ordered by anyone and any restaurants...  Only few vendors anyways...But Kabuto lacks in details... Japanese EDOMAE SUSHI should have.. small details that perfects a sushi bar... and kabuto isn't there yet...Desert ANIN-TOFU (almond tofu) was pretty amazing, you should get that if you go there... and waitress was sweet, attention to detailed and amazing, deserving of high tip... It was good experience, and i do recommend people who have never been to Japan or place like this try it, you will enjoy it... Just didn't meet my expectation.. If anyone ever goto Osaka... Goto "SANOSA" in shinsaibashi... that to me, is real  quality and detail meet together.
5	So you've seen the documentary Jiro Dreams of Sushi? Well I've been regretting never having heard of Jiro when I visited Ginza. Definitely had my way with the food in Japan but still...regret. Anyway, imagine my excitement when I heard of Kabuto. And here in Las Vegas! The chefs supposedly hail from the same sushi community as Jiro. Not the same in notoriety but I bet that they take the same pride in their craft. Kabuto claims the fish is just about as fresh, if not fresher, than Jiro's and without the heftier price tag. So if you are a true lover of fish (not the AYCE-sauce-up-my-rolls kind), Kabuto is the real deal.The place was a bit hard to find since it does not have an overhead sign. It's a small sushi bar that only seats up to 18 people so I would suggest making reservations. Ordered the omakase which at $80 a person, is a great value for the freshest fish in town. The menu varies depending on what assortment of fish is fresh that day. The bar is at table level so you can actually watch your seafood being selected and prepared. What makes this place stand out even more is that there's no clunky refrigerating system at the bar. The produce is in a case which I can only describe as a large box of fishy goodness. The meal began with an aperitif of cold sake homemade by the head sushi chef. I was told it contains very little alcohol and is aged for a minimum of six months. There are several rotating flavors and I had peach that evening. Light and sweet, a perfect start to my meal. Omakase also includes an appetizer, sashimi, 10 pieces of nigiri, miso soup and dessert. The  sashimi plate had 4 different types of fresh fish. Eat the light fish first and make your way to the darker meat. Each masterfully-made nigiri is meant to be eaten as soon as it is served. Everything that was set in front of me was absolutely divine but the standouts of the evening were the chu-toro (medium fatty tuna) and the anago (sea eel). Both just melt in your mouth. How do I end my already fabulous meal with a bang? Strawberry crepe. Nuff said.
5	If you're a foodie, love sushi and willing to eat whatever the chef dishes out, this place is for you. The ambiance is hip.  A small 18 seater, clean and simple.  There isn't a restaurant sign and this place is tucked away.  We ordered the Omakase tasting menu ($80/pp).  Such a bargain for the quality and number of courses compared to Strip tasting menus.  The peach sake aperitif was delicately sweetTuna appetizer - marinade was delicious Sashimi - so fresh, the mackerel and tuna were awesomeGrilled course - fishes were good, but Kobe beef was so tenderSushi - ridiculous.  Toro was amazing, buttery, they were all crazy goodSoups - mushroom and fish (we got both) - nice brothHand rolls - perfect size and ratio of ingredients (including toro!!)Dessert - Mochi and mango tofu - homemade goodnessWe're interested in seeing Chef Gen-san go head to head with Chef Endo (Raku)!!!
3	I went to Kabuto with high expectations and was mostly disappointed. Perhaps my expectations were too high, but I think I still would've been a bit disappointed if I had gone in without expectations, especially since the prices aren't cheap (though not obscene either).Here's the lowdown:Decor: Great. Beautifully minimalist with clean lines and nice small detailsService: Poor. Waitresses were difficult to communicate with and frankly a bit awkward both over the phone and in person. They didn't explain the very simple menu options, mixed up our order, and the timing of the food service was off (friend was almost done with his sashimi before I got my first bite of food). As for our sushi chef, he clearly was an apprentice and served the sushi way too quickly to the point where I felt rushed. He also never made an effort to engage us in conversation or describe what he was serving beyond the name of the fish and where it came from. This was very disappointing as interacting with the chef  is usually a highlight of eating at a sushi bar for me.Food: Mostly just ok, but the uni/ikura (that's sea urchin and salmon roe to the uninitiated) dish was amazing.  I ordered the nigiri tasting menu and while thought the fish was fresh and well prepared, there was no flow to the meal and most of the pieces were nothing special taste-wise, The toro handroll at the end was very very good despite being quite simple.Overall: Lots of hype but doesn't deliver. Not bad, just not great.
5	My sister decided to take me to Kabuto for dinner since I keep raving about it.  I made a 6pm reservation at 3pm to secure a spot at the bar.  The place is immaculate, no splotches of soy sauce anywhere, not a speck of dust.  Kabuto embodies what a real Japanese restaurant is: clean, beautifully simple and pure.If you're an ultra fan of AYCE sushi places that serve deep-fried rolls, rolls with spicy mayo (bastardized sushi, in short) - this may not be the place for you.  Now, I say that only because I've actually stood in line at 5am at Tsukiji Fish Market to watch a tuna auction and have had fresh sushi at 6am in Japan - nobody served Cali rolls or tempura rolls.  I like both the purist version and the bastardized version.  To find a Japanese restaurant in Vegas that serves fish, rice, wasabi and soy sauce (and nothing else) as sushi is rare.  You won't get wasabi or a small saucer to pour soy sauce in - all that will be taken care of by the sushi chef (Sushi Etiquette 101: do not dip rice onto soy sauce; put wasabi on top of the fish not into the soy sauce).The whole time I was at Kabuto, all I could do was smile as I watch the sushi chef delicately slice up some fish.  I had Bach's "Cello Suite No. 1" playing in my head because the experience will remind you of "Jiro Dreams of Sushi".  I had the 4 of the o-toro (premium fatty tuna), kamashita, chu-toro (medium fatty tuna), anago (eel), akami (tuna), ikura (salmon roe), zuke (tuna marinated in special soy) and gyoku (sweet egg).  I don't normally like eel.  My sister (who likes eel)ordered it but she  was afraid to eat it maybe because it wasn't covered in eel sauce.  I liked it...well, I liked everything I ate!  It's sushi in which the fresh fish is the main event (as it should) and rice is just an add-on.My sister, however, had a different experience from mine.  She didn't hear a cello playing in her head.  She had that worried look.  I asked her what's wrong and she told me, "I'm just not an adventurous eater."  So, I quickly ordered dessert so I could take her somewhere else.  Poor thing.I had the matcha cake.  It's a green tea chiffon cake with a hint of red bean.  It's mildly flavored and not sweet at all.Now, if you're from Seattle...Kabuto is similar to Shiro's. Oishi! Gochisosama!
4	Had the Nigiri course and added a butt load of extra toro!!  The head chef is awesome and funny.  If you get the pleasure of having him cut your slices, please do chat him up as he'll crack you up.  The selection of fish for the nigiri set seems to change but whatever happens, do NOT leave without trying to the two top grade toros (o-toro and kamashita) melts in your mouth like BUTTAH
5	I thought I had good sushi before.  This place tops the list hands down.
5	After coming here a second time, I withdraw my 4-star complaint about the price.The $82 omakase sounds like a lot of money, but it is a lot of food.  And the food is stunning, from start to finish.  You aren't JUST paying for the food, either.  The experience is awesome.  The service is among the best I have ever seen.  Everyone in the place seems to love their job, and rightfully so.  They all seem like they're having fun, doing something beautiful.One of my favorite places.  I don't know what I was smoking giving this place 4 stars.  It's pretty much a perfect restaurant.
1	Don't expect the traditional sushi place. Is so you will not like this place at all. We are now headed to McDonald's. the food was very fishy tasting. I would rank this place as the worst tasting sushi ever.
4	If you are looking for "AYCE" this is sure not a spot for you.  The simplicity decor bring out the traditional Japanese vibe.  Once you step in the restaurant you will feel like you are in a different world.  The service is great, the waitress explain every dish she brought out.  The fish is as fresh as it can be by flying in.  The dessert was amazing.  And best Toro in town.
5	This is the best sushi place in Las Vegas. Firm.Surely enough, this place is not for those who like California rolls. They don't serve these westernized rolls. Pretty traditional. Don't get fooled by their 'presentation' because it's for people who watched the movie on Jiro (btw, Sukiyabashi Jiro is NOT the best in Japan. Fuck no). Sushi here is decent and fresh. Chefs are honest and knowledgeable - They will tell you where the fish is coming from. They often have Kawahagi, file fish that belongs to Tetraodontiformes, that is, blow fish. However, Kawahagi has nothing to do with infamous poisonous Fugu (blow fish). So, don't worry about getting poisoned to death. Kawahagi doesn't taste like Fugu at all. Don't get fooled when sushi chef says it is a blow fish because it isn't. (I had fugu in Tokyo several times. Great stuff, btw). $7 for fatty tuna is a steal. They are pretty good,,, and actually cheaper than Japan. I remembered I paid like $40 for a piece of fatty tuna in Ginza district Tokyo. It was great. But fatty tuna here is pretty good for the price (Sushi place in Narita airport in Tokyo even charges like 10 or 15 for a piece of fatty tuna or salmon roe).Medium fatty tuna (chu-toro) is better. Akami is really great. Zuke is even better. Salmon roe is GREAT. After eating the real salmon roe here, you can't go back to all-you-can-eat place or izakaya style bar because then you feel like you are eating fishing baits.Well, everything is good here. If you don't know much about traditional sushi, they have a course menu that is only $80. So, no worry. Tamago was only negative that I had. Not perfect. I've had a better tamago. Maybe it's not their fault. It's just hard to find good eggs here in Vegas. And one more thing - yes, portion (of the rice, sumeshi)  is really small. It's so small that you may feel like you are eating sashimi, not sushi. I wish they put, like 20%, more. Dessert was pretty OK. Japanese style - not too sugary. Service is good. I do not compare this place to any sushi bars in Japan. It is not fair. But I still think this place is pretty good. JUST GO TO THIS PLACE!
4	Hubby and I are sushi fans and when I heard this place had been nominated as restaurant of the year in Bon Appetit, we quickly made reservations in this 18-seat restaurant.In terms of sushi, this is pretty decent.  I'm sure many sushi purists who find themselves living in Las Vegas would agree that this place is probably as good as it gets over there.The regular omakase was good but not nearly enough to fill us up.  Hubby reserved his belly for more low-budget snacks later on but I went on to order a few more a la carte pieces of fish.  (That's when we found out the prices listed on the little sheet of paper they give you only includes 1 piece - not surprising but somewhat of a turnoff.)Like many other high end sushi places, they control the flavor by brushing on some soy sauce instead of giving you a soy sauce bottle.  On some of the pieces of fish, I kind of wished for salt and yuzu/lemon to kick up the flavor of the fish.Nice place but I'll reserve my sushi eating when I'm home in SoCal.  It seems somewhat cheaper for the same caliber.
5	This place is great. Finally a place where you get what you pay for. Staff was all very nice, and from one chef to another I'd like to thank the chef for a great meal. I will be back
3	We had the Kabuto special and everyone in our group agreed it wasn't worth the price. It was a great experience to try the different sushi but if we were to spend $120 per person again I would just order 20 pieces of their $6 selection, which was really good. (Triangle fish, uni and fatty tuna)This place only seats around 16 or so people so the staff were very nice and attentive. If you wanted to try out a restaurant similar to the master sushi chef, Jiro's documentary, this is the place to go.
5	Sushi nirvana! O- toro, chu-toro, Catalina sea urchin, gyoku....Gn san has added new omakase menu. House made mochi, green tea cake! One happy sushi devotee. Fish flown in daily from Tokyo. Interiors are jewel box perfection. Very special evening.
5	Hands down the best Sushi experience I've ever had. At a place like Morimoto in Philadelphia there is a lot more options. The quality is the same. I can get better Toro there, but it's not the Japanese style experience. This place is a sanctuary.To have a restaurant that knows what it wants to be and does it without compromise is rare. It's great to see Las Vegas supporting it.There's not a lot to add what others have said. I love not having the glass fridge case between me and the chef. Having the fish prepared exactly as the chef wants it eaten is great. The quality of the Soy is perfect. When I go to a fine dining restaurant they don't stick salt/pepper/hot sauce and ketchup out like the local Denny's. The chef already took care of seasoning it correctly.This place will be on the short list of places to go to on every trip.
5	Caution: This review will probably make every Yelp reader roll their eyes because I may sound like I'm just gushing here with my superlatives, but you guys just don't know how ecstatic I am to have found this place.It helped that I called in for same day reservation, walked in at 9:30 pm as the last customers were leaving, and my husband and I had the whole restaurant to ourselves. We usually don't order omakase and prefer to order a-la-carte, but it's hard to pass up the $48 nigiri course for the value it offers (includes sake, appetizer, 10-12 pcs of nigiri, a negitoro handroll, & choice of dessert). We ordered a few additional nigiris and felt satiated. Next time, we'll stick to the nigiri course again and we might try their chirashi bowl. I can't tell you what NOT to order because EVERYTHING was fantastic. I don't usually get impressed this often, but damn, all of their offerings were insanely delicious. The service was on point. We told the chef that we're fast eaters, and he just laughed and said "no worries". Timing was perfectly paced. And the details! I can't rave enough about the minimalist decor & all the subtleties to painstakingly create a true dining experience for its customers. What Kabuto is: A small sushi establisment that highlights fish in their stripped down, most simplistic form. It is where you'll find sushi chefs who are proud of their craft. A true dream for nigiri purists living in Las Vegas.
5	Probably 4 to  4.5 stars overall, but I rounded up on account of the kamashita/kamatoro and fish selection. Also stop referring to Jiro Dreams of Sushi it's weirding everyone out.
5	Oh wow... this is as good as everyone said.  hard to find, but it's in that shopping center, get out of your cab and you'll find it, it's close to the main Spring Mountain RoadEven if you get the omakase, ask for the toro with the chef in front of you, he is very friendly, funny and helpful with explaining to us the fishies.good place!
5	Incredible! Some of the best sushi I've ever had, all served by a warm, friendly, inviting staff. The meal started with an aperitif of house-made blackberry sake, aged for eight months. The Kamashita was melt-in-your-mouth amazing. The Ikura, which is marinated for three days in three-year-aged soy sauce, is indescribable. The Uni and Toro and Unagi were, again, incredible. The all-homemade (no dashi) fishbone miso was out of this world. Everything else was incredible, too!I've had great sushi in Tokyo, San Francisco, and Honolulu, and this was among the best.
5	Though located in a modest strip-mall in Chinatown, surrounded by a massage parlor and a Chinese sign posted on an Italian flag - this is an amazing find.  It is a traditional Japanese sushi experience with the primary ordering option being omakase, where you chose the size of the order and they bring you courses based on the chef's discretion. Each course is elegantly presented and is the freshest sushi I have ever had.  The attention to detail is impeccable and the selection impressive.  Each mini course was a delight to the eyes and every sense was elevated.The staff was very pleasant and the bathroom along with the entire restaurant was immaculately clean and the decor a relaxing, zen-like feel.I will definitely be back on my next trip to Las Vegas.
1	The food was so incredible the first time that we were excited to return with an out of town friend from Italy. We made a reservation for a table for 3, days in advance. When we arrived they didn't honor it - even though a table was available. In limited English they offered sushi bar which just wasn't the same for conversation with someone we hadn't seen in years. We sat down, and tried to talk, but got evil stares.  Hello - we reserved a table so we could talk.  We left and got the omakase menu at Sen of Japan. Equally extraordinary food, better service, no attitude.
5	This place is great! All the sushi is fresh and yummy.  Will come back as often as I could.
5	I second Rod U's review. This is certainly the best restaurant in Las Vegas. Not your typical California Roll/Philadelphia Roll place. No All You Can Eat.  All you get is pure high quality freshest fish delivered fresh from Japan onto table without paying the astronomical prices.If you like Americanized/Korean style sushi, don't come here.  If you are into AUTHENTIC Edomae sushi, come here.  I usually do not recommend people to try Omakase but here I highly suggest people ordering Omakase so that way you can let the chef introduce you the rare fishes from Japan.The food itself is gorgeous.  From the cutting and display you can tell the owner have very high expectation with the overall presentation.  The food itself did not disappoint.  The proportion between sushi rice and fish were good and the rice were perfectly seasoned so it did not overpower the taste of fish.If you have any questions with the fish on menu, feel free to ask the chef.Reservation is highly recommended.
5	Omakse is the bomb, you must order kabuto omakse.  This was the freshest, tastiest dinner around.  Best sushi in Vegas.  Also, love Ichiza, but this is better quality if you are strictly looking for sushi (and not other Japanese cuisine)
5	I was trying to hold off on reviewing this place until I'd gotten around to it a second time but because Kabuto is so expensive (but WORTH IT), I may not get back soon enough. And its story needs to be told!My visit was almost six months ago, on my birthday, when Raku unceremoniously forgot to write down our reservation. After my friend ripped them a new asshole, we whipped out our phones and began looking for something else in the area. Yelp and Urbanspoon brought us to Kabuto-both platforms had glowing reviews and outrageously high ratings, and lucky us, they were available to take us when we walked in. This is a place in which reservations are suggested, but I'd go as far as saying that they are mandatory because of the limited space they have.Kabuto is a tiny, blink-and-you'll-miss-it restaurant and seats maybe about 20 people total, including at the sushi bar. There are two four tops and a limited amount of seating at the bar which makes for an incredibly intimate dining experience and really attentive service. The decor is authentically Japanese-no frills, very aesthetically pleasing with warm lighting. In a city that has bastardized the art of sushi in the worst way, Kabuto is an experience that is so fresh because it sticks to tradition so hard. This is not AYCE. There are not rolls with sexually charged names covered in mayonnaise. There is not a slice of avocado in or on anything. I'm not even sure this place knows what a deep fryer is. Kabuto doesn't need sauces or names or stupid rules (you have an hour to eat!) because the fish speaks for itself. This place honors the art of sushi by providing the freshest fish on a daily basis, the menu changing to reflect the best of whatever was caught or shipped in that day.My friends and I had the cheaper omakase menu (around $50; the pricier one was around $80) which included miso soup, 8-10 cuts of fish and a dessert. It's kind of a slow food experience, and the waitress took the time to explain the experience, give us a vivid and detailed description of every piece when she brought it out and answer any questions we had. I honestly don't remember everything we ate-there was a melt in your mouth fatty tuna, a Spanish mackerel and some salmon roe (which I remember because it's one of the few things I will eat because of the texture). I think a few pieces were served individually and others brought out 2-3 at a time. I believe they make their soy sauce in house and the waitress stressed certain cuts that should not be dunked in soy sauce. She also advised us against drowning any of the pieces in it.Kabuto also offers an ala carte menu which you can order in addition to the omakase or simply just order off the ala carte. I was a little taken back by some of the prices upon first glance, however after the meal I was able to justify the price.Kabuto absolutely is more expensive than the average Las Vegas sushi restaurant, however the quality is unmatched. You just won't find sushi (or an experience) like this anywhere in town and for the sushi enthusiast, this is a "must-do," even if it's only once! But I'll warn you: it'll ruin all other sushi places for you. And that's not necessarily a bad thing.
5	What a hidden jewell.  This small intimate sushi restaurant is well off the strip. Nevertheless, we our best sushi experience here!! We have eaten in Masa's in New york and paid 10 times what we paid last saturday night. The fish, pacing, service and creativity was all off the charts.  Listen to the gals who work there and take follow their advice.
3	Kabuto is so expensive, very small, and simple offering. Yes the quality of the fish is great. We did the chefs selection for $85... got like 10 single pieces of Sushi (tuna, egg, white fish, and other simple sushi). Hardly impressive! The clam to be authentic but server sushi that is hardly served in Japan. The waitress was constantly pushing add-on's to our order, annoying.  Im a sushi lover and love masterful presentation.. at Abriya RAKU  and Ichiza you can get a better atmosphere and exotic dishes.I was disappointed.
5	At first I was a little appalled by the price of the menu, but after dining there I can see why. Their sushi is unmatched, and truly a secret gem in Vegas.At first glance it would be hard to spot Kabuto, because there are no signs for it at all. The only thing you can distinguish the place is the slim window. But it is in the same plaza as Monta Ramen and Raku.Definitely take the time to reserve ahead of time if you plan to eat here, as their restaurant is small and limited. The restaurant itself is quaint, and simple. If you sit at the bar, you can watch the chefs make your sushi, they are very friendly and know what they are doing.The servers are amazing here! Highly attentive and informative. When your food came, they would explain what you were eating and its place of origin. I must also mention that all of their fish is FRESH! Fresh shipments from the shores of Japan, Korea,Brazil, and a few other places. Expect great quality!Now mind you it costs a pretty penny to dine here, so don't expect huge portions. Its more of a place to take your time and enjoy the flavor of each piece of Edomae Sushi.Another thing to note is this place serves Edomae Sushi and fish. No rolls. If you expect rolls, you're better off going to a AYCE place.The dessert is here is also delicious, its all homemade which is unbelievable.I don't beleive my words can take this place to justice, you'll have to try it out to see how great it is :)
5	The ambiance, the customer service, the melt in your moth sushi from afar - Spain, Japan, Korea....make this one of the top sushi Vegas restaurants!   You do feel like you are somewhere else when you step in this intimate restaurant.  This is in my top two favorite sushi restaurants! A must to make a reservation.
5	Happy memory when u spend ur one week salary at a restaurant. Great service,fresh fish.  Vintage restaurant,
5	Omakase. Word, son.
5	Wow....incredible sushi and incredible atmosphere!!!! We absolutely love this place.....it was amazing! Did the $80 amikase and enjoyed some sushi after....worth every penny! Can't wait to go back!
5	This is a very unique one-of-a-kind sushi experience in Las Vegas, but with that said comes along the high price. This restaurant is very minimalist and sen like. Pretty much the polar opposite of Nobu. So if you are looking for a place to be "scene" this probably is not the place for you. There is basically two meals, the nigiri course or the omakase course. When I went there the prices were around $50 dollars and $90 dollars.  Due to how the sushi is prepared, you almost have to seat at the sushi bar. Which is basically the whole place except for a few other tables. The restaurant has no signage, and is located about 10 minutes from the Las Vegas Strip, just west of Chinatown. There is very limited seating, so reservations are a must.
5	The temple of sushi.  Best sushi in Vegas -- which is a hard nut to crack.  This is NOT FOR EVERYONE.  if you do not LOVE sushi, do NOT waste your time here.  If you LOVE sushi, this is nirvana.  Don't bother ordering a la carte.  Just tell them to bring you what is on the specials menu.  If I get executed, my last meal might be here.
5	Kabuto is, without a doubt and in my personal opinion, the best sushi restaurant in the United States. When the Michelin Guide returns to Las Vegas, this restaurant is worthy of multiple Michelin stars. You may search many places in many cities, but it is unlikely that you will find truly pure sushi like what you will find at Kabuto. Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING that is served here melts in your mouth. The fish is to die for and I have often found that I am ruined after my meals that I have had here. There just isn't any other sushi restaurant that lives up to Gen-san's, short of spending thousands of dollars to fly to Ginza to eat at Sukiyabashi Jiro. Don't walk, run, and make reservations as soon as possible.
4	As mentioned in the other postings below - this is not an AYCE place and is very expensive - no way around it. although there is an a la carte portion of the dinner, most of your food will come from one of 3 preset menus that the chef selects for you. However - even though I've been eating sushi for decades this was an experience unlike anything I've done before. The presentation, quality/taste, and explanations from the server(s) on the origin of the fish, what part of the body it came from, etc. made it an absolutely awesome experience. There were some choices I have never heard of and others I've seen only on rare occasions. The other items did not disappoint (miso, the kobe beef/baked course, and homemade desert(s)) but the sushi was unbelievable and the real reason to go. The "secret" nature of the venue (no sign, little decorations, simple colors) made it seem like we were part of an exclusive club. It is not something I'd do every weekend but for a special occasion or to enjoy with true sushi connoisseurs - it is highly recommended.
5	Phenomenal!  Kabuto is highly traditional sushi restaurant, serving only nigiri style sushi and sashimi.  The fish is flown in daily from around the world and is simply outstanding.  If its your first visit, I would highly recommend one of their tasting menus as the chefs provide you with their choice of fare.  You are free to order additional items ala carte which I would highly encourage, particularly if they are offering o-toro or chu-toro.  The entire experience was exceptional, including the dessert made by an in house Japanese pastry chef.  They offer two seatings, and I would strongly suggest that one arrives slightly ahead of time, so one can savor the experience.
5	By far best sushi in Las Vegas.  They pride themselves on traditional edomae-sushi (i.e. Tokyo style, where they apply the perfect amount of sauce and wasabi for you).   Fish is extremely fresh and flown in daily from Japan, Southern California (uni), and Boston (scallops).  They have a good assortment of premium fish, and the itamae is very skilled with the knife.  The restaurant is hard as bones to locate, but that's part of the appeal.  I'd say the clientele was 75% Japanese.  It's definitely high end but not overly so for Las Vegas.This is an omakase (chef's choice) sushi restaurant, and that makes it even better. I went with the Kabuto omakase, and here's a high-level run down of the delicacies:- Palette cleanser -- chef's homemade sake/sorbet!  Perfect, if surprisingly ight beginning- 5 pieces of shellfish sashimi -- highlight here was the tako, deliciously tender and they included the sucker.  Presentation was in a clam shell they had just opened- 5 pieces of sashimi -- exotic fishes from Japan.  Two different types of medium-fatty tuna one from the belly and one near the fin that began with a K and was my favorite piece of the night (they took note of that later!)- Grilled plate -- fantastic seared pieces of sushi, including kobe beef.  I usually sigh in disappointment during the "cooked" portion of an omakase but this was perfect and not too heavy- Sushi course -- they serve edomae style so one piece at at time.  This is especially important since they use warm rice.  I tried every piece of fish left on the menu!  Pacing was especially well done and the chefs provided the right amount of information without going overboard (no pun intended!)- Miso soup -- there are two choices, bone in fish or mushroom.  I went with the mushroom and it was some of the most delicious I have ever had.  I like ending with miso soup; this was a good sign we're talking classic omakase-  Dessert course -- a number of options, all handmade by their "Japanese pasty chef".  Strawberry mil crepes and of course mochi ice cream were tempting, but I went with the apple sorbet which they topped with a touch of gold leaf.  This was refreshing and light and thus didn't make me feel too gluttonousThe itamame seems to be a good guy and he cracked some jokes with the audience.  The restaurant is extremely clean and has a zen vibe to it.  This is the perfect type of omakase for me, but if you're more of a Sushi of Gari (i.e., lots of sauces, more fusion, more cooked dishes), you might get bored.  Presentation of some of the sashimi plates could have been more artful.  My glasses were refilled adequately but a touch slow.  Otherwise, best Japanese dining experience, EASILY, in Las Vegas if not in the whole Southwest to be frank.  The mainstay is the sushi bar, but it's not overly stuck up in the sense they have tables and even a booster seat for kids.
4	Went for my birthday dinner.  What an experience.  The problem is, my wife and I can put down some sushi.  If you are looking for something like that, it will cost you a lot of money.  It's location is even mysterious.  It's located in the same shopping mall as Monta and Big Wongs.  No sign on the door, just located next to the Massage parlor.  On to the meal.  The fish was fresh and amazing.  We ate it traditional style, with hands and no chopsticks.  They bring you a little "wet nap" in a saki shot glass to clean after each tasting.  The sushi is served traditional style, with nothing refrigerated and served fresh daily.  We started with a flavored saki (plum wine i think?) to clean the palate.  Each piece was a work of art.  It is a great event and time to eat at Kabuto.  Closest thing in Las Vegas that we can get to Jiro's sushi.  Actually, to get an idea of the experience at Kabuto, it's sort of like this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6-azQ3ksPA0Great time, but if you don't care about $$$ when it comes to sushi, this is definitely your sushi spot!
4	Came here on whim based on a recommendation from great friends.  This is definitely the only authentic edomae sushi I have experienced in Vegas and a real gem and a great value.  Although I got the kubota omakase ($120) which included a sashimi and a grilled course, I would actually go with the nigiri omakase ($50?) and just add some nigiri next time which is the real attraction for me.  The gilled course was decent but nothing that stood out as special since most was precooked and a bit dry.  The star is the nigiri for sure.  The kamashita was a deliciously marbled piece of spanish blue fin tuna from the near the collar of the fish.  I preferred it over the o-toro, which can be a tad stringy and not as melt in your mouth as the kamashita.  Service was excellent and attentive.  I would definitively compare this experience favorably with sushi meals we have had in Tokyo and this is much cheaper than that.  I would say my only complaint was that the rice, although flavorful, was a bit too warm for my taste.  I prefer the rice to have the just above room temperature warmth so that it can just barely warm the natural fish fats, but this was just a bit too warm in my opinion.  Also, when the rice is too warm, the rice also tends to be a tad softer, which doesn't lend itself to having the texture I prefer.Having been lucky enough to had tried a few authentic edomae sushi ya's in the US and in Japan, I would definitely stack this up very favorably with those experiences.  If you look at your other choices for complete rip-offs in Vegas such as barMasa or Nobu (we haven't been to either but the pictures and yelp reviews tells me all I need to know that those places do not even come close to the quality at Kabuto at 10x the price).My recommendation is make a detour from the strip for this humble little sushi-ya where you can get great sushi at a very reasonable price.  Get yourself here now before the word continues to spread, because I am sure that they could be charging 50% more and people will still pack the place.
5	Best sushi ever in US
5	A little bit on the pricey side but YOU MUST TRY!!I have never tasted sushi this good!!!AUTHENTIC AUTHENTIC AUTHENTIC!My friend and I ordered the $80 Omakase each . Worth every PENNY! It is sooooo good. Fish is extremely fresh and flown in everyday from Japan, Boston, etc. Came here on Thursday and it was an unforgettable meal for sure.The Chu- toro, O- toro, and Aona were unforgettable. MUST TRY! The chefs were definitely skilled. They serve your dish one by one. Servers were super attentive and friendly. Everything is very clean...which is a tradition in Japan. Eating there brings me back memories of Japan. It is sooooooo good there! The next time I go to Vegas, I will definitely come back!Head chef/owner also explains where the fish is from and the japanese name for it. He was super friendly. He also gave us 2 shots of complimentary ice sweet papaya sake aged 13 months, which he made himself. IT WAS SOOOOOOOO GOOD and REFRESHING! They need to start selling that in the markets! They will make big bucks for sure.They also use soysauce thats been aged 3 years. It is perfect, because its not too salty and doesn't take away the taste of the fishes. Order the Aoyagi (orange clam)...it is so fresh and yummy!10/5 stars! I dont think I can ever eat sushi in San Francisco again =(
5	This is as everyone has said the best sushi I've ever had. But it is not the best sushi at the best price I've ever had. I'd have to say King Kong down in Clairemont wins that bet. However, there was something about that rice that was unreal. I've NEVER had sushi rice that good. I know right?! This guy's reviewing the rice. The RICE. It was phenomenal. It was my wife's birthday so we went all out and ordered the 120 something menu. I must say that all of the raw fish was excellent. The grilled items were okay at best. None of them stood out as stellar or must try items. I wasn't impressed with any of the items off of the grill but the fish is exactly how everyone raves. I can't believe how fresh some of the fish was. Additionally, I ordered the scallop and had to wait five minutes because they were actually shucking it in the back, and when it came out, I swear I didn't know that scallops could be SO BIG. They cut off a small piece for me and it was excellent. I highly recommend the sushi. We were there towards the end of the night and a guy came in (an obvious regular) and the chef just started serving him up. I'm not sure if that's a practice for regulars or if they do that for everyone. Because I would have loved to have not done a prie fix menu and just ate fish until I exploded. I'll have to come back and find out.
5	Oh my god!  Everything just melts in your mouth.  We ordered the $80 omakase but didn't quiet understand why chu toro or toro wasn't one of the nigiri selection.  Other than that, everything was superb.  Btw, the best uni ever!  We were suprised that the restaurant is located in the same shopping center as Raku.  We went there the day after.  Raku is still the bomb!!!!
5	Well, the only negative thing I can say about this place....I haven't been there in several months.  Between my couple of trips to Japan in the last 6 months and work and family and yada yada yada, I just haven't had a chance to come back in a bit and I was wondering how things were in Kabuto and it didn't disappoint.  Gen-san was as chipper and friendly as usual and shipment of fish from Japan has increased from 4 times a week to 7 times a week, and still with a GREAT variety of shiromi-zakana, or "white fish" from kyushu area.  I mean, the variety of white fish they have is pretty impressive.  A lot of decent sushi-ya's in Tokyo don't even have that many white fish to choose from, so it is truly an AMAZING luxury that you can have such a variety of white fish in the U.S., although many Americans most likely cannot appreciate the variety of white fish as they tend to be less fatty and you are tasting more of pure amino acid taste rather than fat like Toro, and vast majority of people don't have the experience or pallate to appreciate the subtle taste.  I had my usual.  Chirashi followed by Nigiri.  Chinu sashimi on chirashi was superb, as well as akami of blue fin from Spain.  I'm pretty impressed with consistency of farmed tuna from the Mediterranean.  I can't remember all of the pices in Nigiri set, but I think they were ma-aji, chinu, kohada, akami, harakami, uni, hira-aji, ikura, tamago, and anago.  I had to have that sweet Boston scallop as well as some of that heavenly melt in your mouth O-toro to wrap things up.  I have to say that no restaurant in this city satisfies me like this one.  It's pretty f'ing amazing that we have an authentic sushi-ya like Kabuto in THIS town.  I'm even happier that there is a discerning enough clientele to keep this place open as 90% of so called "sushi-lovers" probably don't quite "get" this place reading some negative reviews and they should just continue to go to Korean AYCE sushi joint with yum yum sauce, mayo, and imitation crabs and leave those precious 10 counter seats for the rest of us.  According to Gen-san, there are a quite a few out-of-towners who make it a mission to eat here everytime they come to Vegas.  Cheers for real sushi lovers. Oh one more thing.  I think those tables seats need to go....but now that I think about it...it might be alright as they keep the counter seats open for those of us who know how to appreciate sushi.
5	$80 Yoroi Menu:Grape Sake CocktailJack Mackerel in Sweet VinegarSashimi Course:  Bluefin Tuna (Spain,) Ocean Trout (Scotland,) Jack Mackerel, Young Yellowtail (Japan), 3-year aged SoyGrilled Course:  Spanish Mackerel with Miso, Kobe Beef with Kumquat, Flying Fish with SaltSushi:  Deep Sea Porgy, Yellow Grouper, Cornet, King Yellowtail, Triangle, Sea Urchin over Salmon Roe, Sea Eel, Sweet OmeletToro HandrollFish Miso SoupMatchaGreen Tea Cocoa CakeStrawberry Layer CakeThe main event of the evening, a seat at Gen-san's easily missed Kabuto, finally arrived and true to the rumors the $80 Yoroi Menu would not disappoint; easily the best deal on fresh sushi in the Vegas area and, with a focus on edomae-sushi plus fish arriving 4-7x per week from Japan (depending on demand,) a truly authentic experience in a city where 'authenticity' is generally questionable at best.All clean lines and zen, blonde woods and flowers, a small slit window at the entrance and a couple of tables the action here is clearly a seat at the sushi bar and placing oneself in the hands of the itamae in order to bear witness to the incredible knife skills as piece after piece of fish arrives perfect and smooth, the rice fragrant and warm, with ample description of province and the occasional anecdote.  Featuring fresh wasabi, house-made aged soy and creamy miso, plus an extensive sake list and dessert program responsible for the best mille crepe I've had to date my only regret in visiting Kabuto is that I did not book an earlier reservation and order the longer menu; a mistake I'll not make in the future.
5	Get the omakase, sit back, and enjoy how good sushi can be. Super fresh, expertly prepared, and oh so delicious. Best sushi I've had in Vegas and on my short list of best sushi I've had anywhere. The sushi rice alone is worth the price of admission.It's a small place so reservations are a must. Two tables and a bar so plan accordingly when considering going with a group.
5	Last time I was going to review this place, but Laura A.'s review pretty much covered my review..otherwise I am pretty speechless (in a good way). Now coming here a second time was a different experience since it was a party of 4 at a table rather than 2 in front of a sushi master. However,  still a highly pleasurable experience.  I think this place is specially made for couples that can sit in front of their own sushi master.  There is nothing like this place in the desert, or on the strip (thankfully not).  We are so lucky to have this unadulterated sushi in the desert.  No question, Kabuto is the place.  So simple you may question why pay so much?  From the attentive service to the detail in presentation, more importantly the fresh fish; there is no sushi experience like it.  Frankly the omakase is a steal. Look at the various menus yelpers post...have you been able to be so specific on the type of species of fish/seafood you are eating?  With this day and age of mislabeling of fish, dining at Kabuto, you can be assured you are getting  real authentic sushi.  A learning lesson for me, make your reservations early in the evening...once the fish is finished it is 86ed from the menu; by the end of our meal which started at 8:00 pm (the restaurant only opens at 6 pm)  there was only 4 fishes to choose from.  Not disappointed, you know it is fresh and also selective, when it is gone 1/2 way through dinner service, you know it is good and fresh.  I truly feel privileged to eat here.  My guests from NYC were equally impressed.Furthermore, one of my guest had a shellfish allergy and they ensure all his sushi remained "pure".  He left completely unscathed and raving about the sushi.  Go! Especially for a special occasion...promotion, birthday, or anniversary.  Kabuto will only accentuate the celebration. See the menu selection from our special dinner and also a beautiful plate from our dinner, here:http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kabuto-las-vegas?select=7T1GkjCjZS4nAgL-7XEOPA#7T1GkjCjZS4nAgL-7XEOPAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/kabuto-las-vegas?select=7T1GkjCjZS4nAgL-7XEOPA#TwSnDNsRoxdOAToNivbHkgI am forever indebted to Kabuto for introducing me to fresh uni...my new foie gras from the sea!
5	This place is authentic. This place is legit. It is not purposely modified to fit the non-Japanese palate which means that this place offers sushi in its truest sense. The entire experience at Kabuto accurately reflected our experience at a high end sushi restaurant in Tokyo, except that Kabuto is in Las Vegas and not Tokyo. If you're looking for maki rolls that come with mayo or some sauce that detracts from the freshness and taste of the fish, then Kabuto is not the place for that. But if you want to taste and experience true fish quality, then Kabuto is the place to be.Kabuto is owned by the sushi chef Gen-san, a very pleasant man who takes his sushi craft seriously. Most of the seating is at the 10-seater sushi counter with the usual light colored Japanese wood. There are 3 tables but if possible, request for counter seating for a true experience. Behind the counter against the wall, is one large ikebana (Japanese flower art arrangement). The menu here is omakase only (chef's choice) with three different price points. Different fish are flown in daily and the omakase meal is based on that day's fish varieties. We went with the $85 option per person which came with an apperitif, sashimi, grilled items, 8 pieces of nigiri, and dessert for each of us. At the beginning of the meal, a sheet listing the many types of fish they had for that day was placed in between us so that we could refer to their Japanese and English names as each item was served to us. The fish was extremely fresh and of very high quality. Gen-san served sushi like the way it should be and like the way it is done in Japan. We saw each piece of sushi prepared in front of us and after each nigiri was prepared, he placed it with his hand onto each our plates that sat in front of us on the counter. Soy sauce is already brushed onto the fish when the sushi is prepared, just like the way it should be done and also done in Japan. This is so that the right amount of soy sauce goes onto the fish. So there is no need for the guest to dip the nigiri in soy sauce. After he placed a piece of nigiri onto our plates, we picked it up and ate it. He then prepares our next piece of nigiri and the cycle repeats. Before we moved on to dessert, we were asked by Gen-san if we wanted to add any ala carte sushi items from their list of daily fresh fish. The daily list was pretty impressive with many different types of fish that we've not heard. Since it was impossible for all of them to be included in our omakase meal, we each added and ala carte nigiri just so that we could try one of the unique fish on the list. We were given two options for dessert and we each went with the mochi ice cream. The desserts are made in-house by their Japanese pastry chef. According to Gen-san, the mochi is also made in-house and it uses Japanese sugar so the dessert is not too sweet.We had a fantastic and very truly authentic experience at Kabuto. This place is a high priority for us to visit again during our next trip out to Vegas!
5	There is not much to say that has not already been said. I dont understand how anyone cannot like this place other than the fact they are just dissapointed you cant get a california roll...if you are the california roll sushi person, this is not the place for you. If you want a experience and want to experience the best, this is the place
5	Loved the $120 omakase. Nice but relaxing environment. Fish is very fresh!
5	This place sucks... worst sushi in Vegas, and the restaurant is way too big.  Stop coming here.Ok, that other stuff was a lie... but seriously, please, stop coming here?  I can hardly get a seat anymore!If you do come here, sit at the sushi bar.  And go early - they often run out of the best stuff by 8 or 9.
5	Probably THE best sushi place I have stepped my foot in.I won't bore you with details. So here's the review. Everything you pick is at its finest. I even love the the flavor, texture and the warmth of the rice that comes with the sushi. You can pick different type of courses, all pre-selected. After 2nd to the last course, you can select any daily fresh sushi/sashimi as an add on.I tried the Triangle, which is the tender loin part of blue fin tuna, and OMG! I can die and go to sushi heaven now. It was so damn good that you try not to chew too quick so that you can savor the moment.I want to do another course but my boyfriend gave me that look where you know he's saying "this is getting expensive". For the two of us it came out to $155. Tip not included. Ouch.So in the end, I loved everything. From the sushi chefs and the servers, to the pomegranate sake and ice cream. I give it a 2 thumbs up and 5 star rating!
2	Maybe I'm not that sophisticated about sushi but I just don't get it. First of all, we arrived at 5:50PM, walked inside than was escorted out because they weren't open till 6PM. In this heat? WTF! Not only that, we were trying to get a reservation around 7 and was told that they could barely squeeze 2 of us in at 6. But when 7PM came around there were only 9 people in the restaurant! We ordered the set menu which was $80 per person with a bottle of sake. Sushi was good but still left me hungry although it was perfect portion for my girl friend. Waitress was friendly however Sushi man? Quiet. Walked out $270 less in my pocket and wasn't happy. How could they charge so much for so little?
4	Go there late at night and order the yoyori menu. They will bump you up to the kabuto omakase menu if their business is slow during that time.  I went once early in the night only to be disappointed at not getting the same amount of fish I did when I ordered the same omakase yoyori as when I came late at night. Since their fish is so fresh it only makes sense they would give you some of the high quality ones that didn't sell earlier in the day.
5	This is straight up the best Sushi experience in Vegas - Get ready to spend some money but the entire ambiance of this tiny place is intimate and exhilarating. Delicious. I've never been to Tokyo but I imagine this spot could have been transported from there.
5	WOW! WOW! WOW!This is NOT your typical sushi joint... in fact... I wouldn't even put it in the same class as ANY sushi place I've been to.  This place is small and intimate ... and super high end with super high quality fish that is brought in "fresh day of".... so sushi menu changes daily.I am so excited that I had the opportunity to try amazing fish I've never even heard of before.... like Long Finned Bull Eye and Triangle (wakaremi)...  Everything we ordered was Spectacular.You must be willing to try new fish and not be afraid.  This is a sushi dining experience.... not a place to gorge yourself..... so do not come in thinking they have AYCE or any rolls... this is straight up sushi the way sushi was meant to be prepared and savored.The decor is simple and elegant.... the sushi chefs are artists. My friend and I ordered off the a la carte sushi menu... but they have an Omakase tasting menu too.... next time... I'm doing that when we have more time to enjoy a longer meal.NOTE... everything here is pricey but WOW! Key Take A Ways...Do NOT come here if you are a picky sushi eater and only like rolls and run-of-the-mill sushi.Do NOT come here if you are super hungry and want to fill up.  There are plenty of places in the area for that kind of eating... so go there.Reserve Kabuto as the rare or special occasion where you want to Experience sensational sushi.
4	Life is good and when your this wasted everything tastes good.  I thought for the price the cuts could've been bigger, but the quality was great.
4	A client/friend treated us to omakase style sushi in San Francisco so we thought if he ever visit us in Vegas we would take him to a similar quality sushi place and show visitors we also have great omakase places in Vegas. In order to do that we need to do some research first before we embarrass ourselves in front of our guests. We follow yelpers' advice and visited this place. Very pricey ($48) for 10 pcs of nigiri, dessert, a tiny glass of 2% sake and hand roll. The price also goes up to $80 or $120 for a full course meal per person. I ordered the $48 and my husband got the $80 meal. I have to be honest that if you are there to have your stomach filled you should order the $48. No, you're not going to feel full, but you can order extra pcs of nigiri (premium fatty tuna at $7 a pc and the price goes down to $2 for egg nigiri) The most impressive thing we had on the menu that day was the extra pcs of kamashita fatty tuna nigiri we ordered separately. NOTE: it wasn't selected by the chef to come with our (I'll leave it to you meal"). The chef told us there's more marble fat than the premium fatty tuna (same price), it's from the collar of the fish. Not only do they melt in your mouth but it also makes the rice taste amazingly good. Compared to the premium fatty tuna, it's a lot better. The PFT was stringy for both of us. I had to spit out the unchewable bit and my husband took the patience to chew down the stubborn string.Next thing that left an impression is the raw giant scallop nigiri, it tasted sweet... My husband got the $80 meal but he was not impressed with it. We decided that it wold be better to go with the $48 meal next time so we can have enough money to order separate pcs. The chef are Japanese and it's hard for me to read what they're thinking because they seldom smile at first but after the 4th pc of fish our chef got less serious. But you kind of have to pay close attention to their eyes, they give you very good suggestions to what is good and fresh that day.Makino AYCE used to be my favorite sushi place but after I had omakase style sushi it ruins Makino for me. I will still go back if I have cravings for sushi and don't have a fat wallet for sushi. Total bill at Kabuto comes out to $176 without tip. This includes us ordering a total of 6 extra pcs of nigiri that did not come with the meal. Overall if it wasn't the price, it was a very fun experience. The service was very good.
4	Great to have this option in Las Vegas.  A very authentic experience.  Had the Kabuto omakase set menu.  The nigiri was excellent.  This is the season for whitefish and they had a great variety of snapper from Southern Japan.  I didn't give it 5 stars as the grilled items were a let down.  In my visit there is a definite disconnect between the kitchen and sushi bar in terms of quality.  Upon my next visit, I may just double up on the nigiri set.
5	There are many reasons Kabuto may not be for you, but reasons it may be? Perhaps you lived or visited Japan and have been to sushi-yas all over North America searching for that one special place to replicate it. A place not only offering quality fish, but also caring service on the standard you are accustomed to in Japanese restaurants, fresh, seasonal ingredients prepared in a thoughtful manner, excellent rice selection and knowledgable staff. Kabuto has this in spades. This restaurant is exquisite, and so good my partner and I made a reservation to eat there again during a recent Vegas trip before we had even finished our first meal there. We cancelled a third visit to Guy Savoy to eat here again. It really is that good. (Although in a completely different class than G.S., to be fair) Like many other Yelpers, would recommend the nigiri course and then ordering by the piece until you are sated. We got the yoroi course the first time, and although it is good and showcases many things the kitchen does well, I felt I wanted more focus on nigiri sushi and we opted for more piece by piece ordering on our second visit. There is enough variety on their daily fish menu to please the most well versed sushi aficionado ... or even the most novice. Saw a few fish on the two visits that were new to me, but also many classics. The fish is immaculate and varied, as mentioned. But the rice - God, the rice. Fluffy, a little warm, just a little sweet sour with seasoning, this is perfect shari. Any place that cares about fish will care even more about the rice, and they do at Kabuto. Feel free to ask about the fish, though - they will tell you down to the island where it was caught if you are curious. And without getting political, for the health of our oceans, I would recommend you steer away from bluefin. Yes, it's delicious, and yes Kabuto offers it, but it's also horribly overfished and there are many other fish that are not as over harvested and just as, if not more delicious. Go out on a limb a bit, and give bluefin tuna a break!
5	This place makes me feel like I'm on drugs. Time slows down and I get a body high. The glass that our beer was served in was made of the thinnest, lightest glass available. Details like this are what bring a place to a new level. They are delivering a full experience that makes your hair stand on end. Have a beer with your dinner first before you change to sake. That's the way the Japanese guys do it, and it tastes so fresh.
5	I would just like to start off by saying that this is the best sushi that I have ever had in my life.... and this may stay true, until I visit Japan. This place isn't the type to show off fancy rolls with intricate ingredients that enhance the flavor of subpar fish... it's a traditional type of sushi (mainly nigiri and sashimi) which put emphasis on the quality of the fish (many cuts imported from Japan)Both times that I've come here, I've had their omakase ( I believe there are two kinds, but I got the one that was 120/pp) and both times it has been ridiculously good. It may sound a bit pricey for most people, but I feel that the experience was so good and the fish was so fresh that the price was totally worth it. I mean since you're in Vegas, you'll end up losing that money on the tables anyways -_-... so you might as well invest in  your stomach and enjoy this meal!But the next time I'm in Vegas, I'll def hit up Kabuto againbut you can see my courses at kabuto here and see deliciousness for yourselfhttp://instagram.com/dphan913/
5	Came here solo on a business trip.  Seated in the middle of the sushi bar.   I went big and had the Omakase.   I live in NYC, this is hands down the best sushi i've ever eaten and one of the best meals of my life.  From start to finish, everything was perfect.  The owner, chefs, and waitress were extremely warm, friendly, and eager to make small talk, they explained everything I was eating in detail, and made sure I never had to pour my own sake, a social faux pas in Japan.  Everything is flown in fresh daily. One of the best bites of food I've ever put in my mouth was the grilled goat fish, if you like black cod or sea bass you'll think this is even better!  Everything was done perfectly, the rice was body temperature, the fish was sliced in perfect proportion to the rice, the sake was perfect.  You'll eat species of fish here you won't find anywhere else.  Watch "Jiro Dreams of Sushi," this was the experience minus Jiro's cold hard stare.
5	I recommend ordering one of the fixed price menus and just letting the chefs do what they do best. The dining room is pretty small so be sure to call ahead to make sure you can get seated. And don't be afraid to try their homemade sakes...
4	We came in on a Friday night about  9:30pm, and luckily for us, they had a table!We order the $80 Omakase menu and yes, like everyone has mentioned, this is the best and most fresh seafood in town. It starts off with homemade sake, and then a series of small plates with a couple of tastes on each plate. For me this menu was more than enough food. The stand out menu items were the uni, tamago, scallop, rectangular tuna hand roll, and strawberry crepe dessert. There was a plate with some cooked items, among them was a skewer of kobe beef  but it was overcooked. Other than the beef, everything was great and I would definitely come back for the fresh uni (even though I don't normally eat that!)
5	Service was great, food was unbelievable, definitely coming back! So good I think I cried a little. :) Must experience this at least once.
5	Have you seen the documentary called Jiro loves sushi? It's on netflix if you haven't. If you don't have the means or opportunity to fly to Tokyo every time you want to eat Sushi, Kabuto is your next best bet.I am a sushi fanatic. I've been touring sushi restaurants all over California, New York, Las Vegas, and Japan. Kabuto is one of the best restaurants I've ever had the pleasure of eating at.Fish is flown in daily, many of which are straight from Japan. It is served in a traditional Edomae style, which also means there are no rolls here. If you're looking for California rolls or Tiger rolls etc, don't go here: they don't exist.I've literally had some of the best tuna and uni here of my entire life. Food can take time to come out to your table, but service is usually pretty attentive. The only thing is they're pretty stingy about their aged shoyu (soy sauce) and you'll always have to ask for extra ginger or wasabi if you want it. The idea is that the sushi is perfect by the time it gets to you, but if you like extra you gotta ask.Price wise, its very competitive for the quality you're getting, but its easy to spend $50-100-150 a person here if you splurge. However, you can easily spend more money at a Nobu and get fish that isn't nearly as good.You have two options: various levels of Omakase (chef's testing/chef's choice), or you can order A-la-carte. Their sushi selection changes daily based on what's fresh and what comes off the plane that day.
5	We were saving Kabuto for a special occasion after it opened, and then I got pregnant, so I had to wait again, and we finally just made it there last night for my bday. Let me tell you it was totally worth the wait! Best sushi I've ever had (I've never been to Japan though). You have 3 options to choose from: nigiri ($48), $80 which also includes grilled items and sashimi, and a $115 option which I didn't really even look at. All the dinners include a sake aperitif (ours was house made orange, served over ice, and so good), amuse (3 pieces of bluefin marinated in house sauce with fresh wasabi - delish), hand roll (more bluefin, still great), & dessert (i had the melon sorbet, hubs had the layered strawberry crepe. Both were good). My husband had the $80 meal, I had the $48 and we shared. The sashimi was all excellent, but I was totally blown away by the nigiri. Each bite we were literally saying, "this is the best fish I've ever had!" Even the rice was a cut above! I am usually not a fan of roe, but the dish we were served was actually good, and did not taste like the ocean! My only notes on the food are that it's kinda lame to serve the little omelet and about half the items were tuna. I love quality tuna, but they might have branched out a little more. The grill items were equally amazing (beef, rockfish, and ??). The atmosphere is very austere. About 4 tables and a simple sushi bar for 10. I wouldn't recommend coming in a group larger than 2 because you won't get to sit at the sushi bar, where you watch your own personal sushi chef cut and prepare each item.  Between our chef and two waitresses, service was excellent. Decent sake list with about 12 bottles, all served cold. The price is very reasonable for the quality of fish you get. If you are looking for extremely fresh, simply prepared sushi, I would recommend Kabuto to anyone. If you're looking for rolls with weird sexual names, a mayonnaise sauce, or ayce....go somewhere else!
5	This Sushi place is one of the best i have been to out side of Japan.  This small sushi restaurant isn't close to all the hustle and bustle of the strip . Nevertheless, my best sushi experience in the US was there!! I have eaten sushi all over the US and have paid much more but the sushi i had there was by far the best. So GO THERE if you are in VEGAS.
4	Delicious authentic Japanese nigiri place. Had the set menu and almost every thing else off regular nigiri menu. Had the Otoro but it was somewhat chewy so I do question the actual quality or cut of the fish but nonetheless good overall. Maybe I just got a bad cut.A must try for nigiri lovers in LV!Small restaurant, reservations a must
5	I can't even begin to put into words the quality of dining this place offers....Best. Sushi. Ever.Enough said. I have little else!Although, if you do decide to go, get the top course! It's worth the money!
5	OMG! Simply the best sushi in Town. But need to rob the Bank of Tokyo t o eat here. Ginza style with no lights.
5	This sushi bar is pretty amazing!  Thank goodness they are ranked high on Yelp.  Otherwise, I'm not sure anyone would ever find them.  They are in a strip mall, with no signage for their restaurant and a tiny sign by their door, but you have to be standing right in front to see it.  In any case, as you enter the restaurant, it's cleanest/most sterile sushi bar I think I have every seen.  The appearance is very simplistic with light wood sushi bar.  Sushi chefs are standing  right across from you waiting to prepare sushi iron chef style right in front of you.  No soy sauce or wasabi dish needed here.  The chefs prepare each piece with care as they brush the sauce before they place it before you to eat.  The menu is different every day and the fish they have are not like anything you've ever heard of.  In speaking with one of the chefs, he said in the 15 months they've been open, he's prepared over 400 different types of fish.  I didn't even know there are that many types of fish available for sushi!  The meal starts with an iced sake shot to clean your palate, the chefs then start the sushi presentation, the toro and chu-toro were incredible.  The meal ended with home made sorbet melon and pineapple.  Delish!
5	The one word to describe this place is EXQUISITE! If you enjoyed the documentary Jiro Dreams of Sushi, you will appreciate this restaurant.The first thing they served was homemade sake- tasted so sweet and refreshing. I wish there were more! The sushi is so fresh and made with such grace and delicacy. Fish we had that night were flown in from Spain and Japan. The chefs washed their hands each time they touch the rice, fish and brushes- what an art form. The fatty tuna- o toro, was my fave. Can't remember what the other fish were- the chef chose wha we'd have. Chefs were not only skilled, but really friendly to talk to. The strawberry crepe cake is HEAVEN. One of the best desserts I've ever had. The top part is brulee, so there's this delicate crunch when you dig into the soft, creamy layers. The cream is not too sweet and rich, and taste like strawberry pocky. I'm drooling as I write.Service was excellent, considerate and impressively well mannered. Waitresses watched us like hawks behind our backs. The second our plate was empty, they cleared it up! Chefs bowed before serving and each time we complimented them. They kept the flow of food at a good pace. Didn't feel comfortable taking pics of the food since we sat in front of the chefs.Ambience is very zen like, lots of warm colored pine wood, and remarkably clean. Chefs keep their stations so immaculate. Everything in there is beautiful. Even the mats, all white with a painted shrimp in the corner, looked like artwork. Glad I didn't drip anything on there, even though it's probably thrown away afterward. The attention to detail is reflected from the food to the handmade origami toothpick holder.  It's like a museum in there- spotless, with live art, culture and history. Some tips:No restaurant name outside. It's a white color wall with a long rectangular window. The person on the phone was very specific about where it was so we had no trouble recognizing it.Go on a weekday and make reservations. There' only 8-10 seats at the bar and ~2 other tables. We went on a Wed night and made last minute reservations. Luckily there weren't much people around. $48 menu is enough for me! I had the $80 menu, but it was too much food! My bf had the $48 one and was really full too. I was dumbfounded by the time they gave me the miso soup and handroll (they keep the seaweed perfectly crispy), I was so full by then, but had to finish it while it was fresh! It's pricey but thought quality of the food and experience was worth every penny!
5	Every time we visit here, we got great experiences, remind me a small sushi restaurant in the area Tsukiji Tokyo fish market.  Their Sushi is the true SUSHI.  The prices are not inexpensive, but it is worth it.  I think this is the best place to enjoy when we have a special occasion.  Can't wait to visit NEXT.  :)
5	In L.A. I give the nod to Nozawa... But this ain't L.A., this is Vegas, and the taste is beyond compare!  I ate my admission price to Absinthe that night but loved every minute of 2 hours I was there!
5	oh that is some good tuna. the chefs house blend cold plum sake was so smooth and refreshingly crisp. service was great too, wifey went omakase style and they explained each item to her, all the servers were friendly with no attitude. no signage either out front so look for big wong's. there's also this japanese italian place next door that i will want to try next time. will need to continue to venture off the strip for food next time were in vegas. loved the minimalism decor and designer restroom. mmmm, dreaming of the akami, so meaty. not a big fan of the fatty tunas i guess. also be smart and ask for the bottle of the house blend plum sake instead of being like me and first getting the apertif size, and then 2 champagne flutes worth. each champagne flute is $6, which isnt that bad, but later on i was told i could order a bottle for $25. but the fish here is top quality and the cuts are generous. you get wasabi here, and they only serve you the soy sauce to complement the sushi. also no spicy tuna here, wah. bet it would be bomb.
3	We are all inspired by something and someone. (Well most of us). I feel the inspiration for this place but let's be honest, how does any self respecting sushi restaurant serve mediocre / tasteless Kobe Beef .The fish selection was excellent on "paper" - the sushi menu. The omakase was just OK. The house plum sake was delicious, as the Japanese crepe cake.The experience in between was decent. The fact that the wait staff had to read off a cheat sheet what they were serving in a place with only 3 omakase options is a bit odd.Overall, the place is neat, meal was decent (although not that impressive for the cost). Lets face it, if one is a sushi chef taking pride in what you serve than step up and serve the finest fish instead of fish similar to any other sushi restaurant .Overall, a decent place with some good things but the "grill" plate is quite mediocre. Enjoy the sake, Kampai!
5	I splurged and had to get the $120 omakase deal since it was my one-year wedding anniversary. Omakase is perfect for me. I have a hard time deciding what to order. I love surprises. I figure the chef puts a lot of thought into what he considers an excellent meal. Lastly, I pretty much eat everything when it comes to sushi. I ate some sushi I have never heard of.  Everything I had was perfect.  I love the elegant presentation. I got excited as each sushi and appetizer came out one by one. Not only was it pleasant to look at, it was some of the best sushi I have ever had!I wish I was rich to eat omakase all the time but at the same time, it wouldn't be as special. I'll try to come on special occasions. I can't wait till next time!
5	I felt like I just de-virginized my mouth with the best sushi money can buy. Every bite was tantalizing with freshness by each succulent natural freshness of fish melting in my mouth. The harmonic blend of perfect temperature of rice and fish will tingle your tastes buds ever so gently by the simplicity of goodness. Pre-order ahead of time to get a seat at the bar table and you'll choose one of the three Omakase course. I recommend drinking water to cleanse your taste buds, but you can have a choice to order a bottle of saki for 30 bucks. We took the first choice which was the 48 dollar Nigiri choice of a ten piece sushi meal. You can order more individual pieces which range from 4-7 bucks during the course of the meal. They'll give you a sweet icy saki shot at first and a quick appetizer. As soon as your mouth starts watering they'll serve the main course of sushi one by one, each one progressively getting better and better. Then they'll give you the dessert, a Japanese style blend of sweetness of your choosing. The presentation was very interesting due to the amount of discipline they have while preparing the sushi. It's not just a meal, it was an experience made for royalty.
5	Oma-delish. Yeah that was corny but the food here was bomb! Hands down best Japanese Omakase and fish I've ever had. Yep. Ever had. I came here recently and had the Omakase and was blown away with presentation, freshness and taste. The $80 omakase was absolutely more food than I imagined. The atmosphere was authentic and service was great. It was in a nice quiet area and was actually not over crowded. The Premium Fatty Tuna was seriously better than Kobe beef...no joke. Dessert was bomb too. Freshly made Mochi. I can't wait to go back here.
5	I'm so jealous that Vegas gets such a good sushi place that even sushi restaurants in LA and OC cannot compare to, except maybe Urwasawa, but then a meal there cost a car payment ($400 pp).Another excuse to come to Vegas!!!Staff (5/5)Friendly attentive. Sushi chiefs were friendly, informative and take great pride in their art.Decor/atmosphere (5/5)No nonsense simple comfy modern interior. Great looking sushi prep table.Food (5/5)Avoid omakase though for true sushi lovers. Highly recommend anything that ends with a toro. Great homemade soysauce seasoning and perfectly cooked rice, resulting in one of the best sushi restaurants in LV and SoCal.
4	Kabuto is THE place in Vegas to get authentic sushi. They have a really interesting assortment of fish that only represents the best of the market. The environment is zen like and the service is fabulous. My only one complaint is that the rice is a bit on the soft side and could use a little more vinegar. There are too many fusion sushi AYCE places in this town and it's refreshing to have a place to go for simple, high quality sushi.
5	Nigiri tasting menu was excellent, price for fatty tuna is actually 1/4th what you would pay on the strip at 6-7$ each, and higher quality to boot!
5	Really, really outstanding sushi restaurant. I've eaten here twice and will stop by every time I'm in Vegas.Both times I sat at the bar and had the $120 omakase menu and was blown away and also absolutely stuffed (though both times we ended up getting several extra pieces at the end). You can probably get away with the $80 menu and order more of your nigiri favorites at the end which are extremely well priced for their quality.The sushi is flown in fresh from around the world and is incredible (my favorites are the KAMASHITA fatty tuna and the incredible UNI), the service is excellent and not at all pretentious (both the waitress and the very friendly sushi chefs), the decor is elegant while inviting and the price is right.Highly recommended. On par with high-end omakase meals I've had in Tokyo where I paid 3x the cost.
5	I do not there is better and authentic sushi around Las Vegas. Kabuto is a small sushi restaurant on spring mountain road. There is no clear sign in front of the restaurant. The restaurant also seats only about 20 or 25 people. Reservation is highly recommended!!! The quality of the sushi here is top notch. Ingredients are flown from Japan Fish market daily.While I was there, I ordered the Kabuto set. This come with a platter of appetizers and assortment of premium which include a few types of Toro (Tuna Belly). If you are not full after the set meal, you can simply order more!! I love the O-toro here simply the best!!! The Akami here is also very tasty!!!
2	Sorry, I have to be a downer. I got the $80 omakase, hubby got the $120. The grilled dishes were not worth it. The sashimi was decent. The nigiri was very good. I would just order nigiri pieces and skip the omakase. My favorite was chu-toro and uni. The premium toro of the cheek and belly both had a slight chew. Fatty connective tissue? They were good but definitely not worth the title of premium.
4	This minimalistic restaurant with the lovely exterior was an unexpected find in a very odd (and yet dotted with many highly rated eateries) strip mall.  The food was very very good and the presentation stellar.  Loved the custom-made wooden chef counter and the well-thought out interior.  The only thing that could have been better was a slower pace between the dishes.  Although perhaps the speed of serving was dependent on how hungry we were and how quickly we chowed down on the food.  Pineapple sake was delish!
5	This is a fish place.  If you're looking for izakaya style food or ramen you're looking at the wrong restaurant.  It's pricey, but worth it for amazing fish and beautiful culinary arts from the chefs. We've had all the omakase menus and in my opinion, the best is to do the least expensive one and order more nigiri.  Or, just order nigiri a la carte.  The star of this restaurant is the fish so why fill my tummy with other items like miso soup and grilled items that I can get else where that are done way better (insert Raku next door).  Can I just mention how awesome the rice is too?  I've noticed that the chefs bring small batches of rice from the kitchen to the sushi bar - that's probably how they keep it so fluffy and warm and amazing.  Rice to me has always just been rice.  But here at Kabuto - the rice is in it's own league!  One time we walked in and they didn't have seats available at the bar so we had a table - I feel like that one time the rice wasn't as amazing as I normally remember it.  Maybe it's because the servers have to bring it over to us and the timing cools the rice so it just ends of tasting like normal rice?  Definitely make reservations at the bar so the rice stays amazing when you put it in your mouth.  Anyway, the salmon roe and kamashita toro are must trys in my book.  Oh, and the o toro hand roll.  But make sure to eat it right away so the seaweed stays crisp.  YUM!
5	Anything you get here will be fresh and amazing! As a first timer, opt for the nigiri omakase, this will give you a good base. Then from there explore the individual sushi selections. And add the shrimp head miso soup.....it's fantastic!This evening, the chu toro and, to my surprise, the sea bass were phenomenal! I've never been disappointed with the mackerel which can sometimes be fishy but here has never been anything less than exceptional. The staff is knowledgable and so very sweet. No matter what sake you choose, it will pair well with whatever comes out. My only disappointment (not really a big deal at all) is that the chopsticks are the pull apart kind. Splinters. But it did not hinder my overall experience. All in all, a truly amazing and intimate affair!!
5	I'm sure if you don't know how much I love love LOVE sushi then you definitely will know now. My husband had been eyeing Kabuto for seriously over a year. I wanted to take him for his birthday last year but with a newborn it was just nearly impossible. Fast forward to a year later and I finally kept my promise. I made a reservation like everyone had recommended and let's just say I left happy and full. Now it's been almost a month since I've been but I remember everything about it and I even have mommy brain now. When you first walk in (and we were the first of the night) all the chefs greet you as well as the servers. After looking at the menu, we decided to get the yoroi. The chefs were nice enough to ask if we didn't like anything but we wanted everything! The verdict...oh yea...definitely one of the best fishies in town in my belly. We did order 4 extra pieces of nigri on top of our yoroi menu but like I said we left full and satisfied. My favorite was probably the tuna fin. I forgot what the chef called it but it was better than some of the "toro" that I've eaten. Service was excellent. I've never had my dishes cleared so quickly and efficiently. Loved everything about this place! It's pricey but totally worth it!
5	The best freshest most amazing sushi I have ever has in my life! This Resturant provides you with an international passport ranging from kamashita to Japanese seabass. The sushi chefs are world renowned and the selection was amazing. This is my top pick of any Resturant in Las Vegas. This place is for sushi livers only - there are no Cali rolls or meat dishes here. Only authentic nagiri and sashimi
3	Honestly, this was just ok for us and we are huge sushi and Japanese food fans.  We had an amazing meal at neighboring Raku so our hopes were high.  Kabuto just didn't live up to expectations.  The fish was very fresh but for the price (husband ordered the $80 omikase and I ordered the $120 omikase), the portions were extremely small.  I am a small girl and a fairly light eater and I left with hunger pangs!  And it wasn't like I could order more food, we sat down at 6 and had to be out by 8.  My husband and I eat lightening fast but you can only eat as fast as the server/chef sends out the food which in our case was extremely slow. By 7:50 we were being rushed out having just swallowed our last bite.  And dessert was a big let down so leaving on that note was a bummer.  I have a sweet tooth the size of the State of Nevada and the custards and ice creams they brought were hardly sufficient to satisfy it.  Also, if you are deciding between the $80 and $120 omikase, go with the $80.  The  offerings for the "kabuto" $80 Omikase were perfectly fine and didn't seem like a $40 less value than the more expensive alternative.  Finally, don't go expecting fair prices on alcohol.  Raku had a huge selection of wines and sake and fair prices on beer.  Kabuto charged $6 for a teeny tiny beer and the cheapest and only glass of red wine was $15 while the cheapest sake was similarly priced.  I had two drinks and paid almost $50!I definitely wouldn't go back.  If in the area, check out Raku instead.
5	For Christmases, birthdays, anniversaries, and welcome home dinners, this is where I go. The quality of the fish is always incredible and I have yet to be let down in that regard. The, what I guess you could call, $40 entry-level prix fixe menu is perfect with a couple a la carte items added (I stand by the medium fatty tuna as my favorite on the menu). The next menu up includes grilled items which I think can be skipped. When I got it I would've rather just ordered more fish instead of this. Haven't gone all the way with the $120 menu yet.The room is very small so getting in without a reservation is a tricky thing. Sitting at the bar is a much better experience.A real must-go restaurant in Las Vegas.
5	I have tried most sushi place in Socal and LV, this is by far the best sushi bar experience so far.   I had the $120 omakase set, sashimi was top grade as well as the cooked items and the accompanying sake just made it even better.   If you love your sushi, this is a must try.Give Nobu and Masa a miss, they are meant for Americans.   I was served frozen sashimi in Masa, a 3 star michelin estab!    Nobu gave me wasabi mixed with water when i paid $12 for fresh wasabi!!
5	WOW, what a great meal!  I got to experience this great restaurant while I was in Vegas last week.  I was able to get reservations for 6:30pm on a Monday evening.  We were promptly seated by the friendly staff.  The menu is very simple, pretty much $45, $80 and $120 tasting menus.  Our party opted for the $80 and this was plenty of options in our dishes.  The service was great and the staff was friendly and attentive.  The starter was a peach sake that the owner made himself.  The raw fish dishes were amazing and fresh!  The grilled fish was amazing, I personally loved the one with glazed miso. Everything was so simple yet delicious and presented well on each plate.  I definitely would go back here again, one of the best meals I had while here in Vegas.
5	Please give me specific links and references to ANY restaurant you know of that's better than this one! This is the best dining experience I've had in years - fortunately I had the chance to go twice in one week. To preface the experience you have to ignore the strip mall it's contained within - it's typically unappealing - so there's that. Once you enter the realm of Kabuto though - all bets are off - this is a first-class joint. Simple design and layout which can only handle a certain amount of people at the sushi bar and tables. I'll guess the designer/chef planned it this way - because nothing else is left to chance in this venue.The attention paid to you as you sit down - from the warm towels to the way the servers approach is simple but elegant.There are 3 fixed price meals offered - I stuck with the basic - this meal is NOT about getting filled to the brim so much as getting great food and a memorable aesthetic experience. If you frequent all-you-can-eat sushi places don't come here looking to make a comparison - you're the wrong demographic.The fish/sushi/nigiri offered here is beautifully fresh and presented like the treat that it is. The tastes are to be savored. The differences are subtle - but exquisite. It just occurred to me that if you drink Big Gulps or Diet Coke or Mountain Dew often - these tastes will probably not appeal to you.The meal consists of about a dozen pieces of nigiri handed to you in perfect synchrony with your personal timing...I don't know how they do that - except by paying attention to you and your dining experience. There are other dishes they serve - one with fish eggs over rice, an egg thing, a small tuna wrap, a cold sake and dessert that make up the remainder of the meal. This review is not as specific as it can be - basically because the mode of the encounter, if you let it wash over you, is unlike any you will find in all but the best restaurants on earth.Enjoy!
5	This is a quant (read: very small but very warm) sushi spot in china town.  It was a bit difficult for us to find initially as it doesn't have much signage beyond a small light by the front door with the restaurant name emblazoned upon it, but once you walk inside, the place is simple yet tastefully decorated, clean, and warm.My wife had the Nigiri omakase set while I tried the Yoroi.  Both our meals started with a small glass of lime-infused sake.  Neither of us particularly care for sake, but Kabuto's sake was out of this world.  It was chilled with just a hint of lime and was light enough on the alcohol to serve as a nice apertiff.To sum up a long meal, I'll just say every piece of fish was absolutely fantastic.  The Yoroi meal included 8 pieces of sushimi (4 different fish) as well as some grilled items (tuna collar, beef, and sea bass).  The grilled items were good, but the sushi is what shines.  We had the pleasure of sitting at the sushi bar and were able to eat each piece of fish literally seconds after the chef had prepared it.The chefs were friendly and the service was precise, prompt, and pleasant. They even called a cab for us after the meal.In short, we loved every minute of this dinner. The restaurant truly exemplifies the beauty of minimalism -- the decor, the preparation, the fish.We'll certainly be back during our next Vegas trip.
5	I've tried a lot of sushi places in Vegas and in the Bay area. This is by the far the best -- and the other places are not even close. I usually get the omakase and order a few things a la carte -- the uni and ikura are especially good. A bit pricey, but definitely worth it IMHO.
5	Well it's my second time in 2 weeks....hahaha, and i've been here even before the real opening year and 8 months ago.  I just can't say enough good things about this place.  Sure there are a few haters who claim they have eaten better sushi in Japan.  Yeah so what, I have too.  I bet not many (any?) here have eaten at as many Michelin starred sushiya's in Tokyo or other sushiyas all over Japan as I have and I still love Kabuto.  And the cardinal rule of evaluating Japanese food in the US with naive audiences?  Don't compare with what you can get in Japan--you aren't there and it's irrelevant.Having said that, Kabuto comes VERY close to eating at a PROPER sushiya in Japan.  In some respect, it might be better than a LOT of proper places in Ginza as Kabuto has a good, I mean GOOD selection of white fish from Kyushu which a lot of edomae places in Tokyo who get fish from Tsukiji don't, but that's another story.  As some of us know, edomae really doesn't exist if you know what that really means besides from the style. I wonder how many authentic sushiyas are in the U.S. that didn't sell out and start making weird rolls.  I say 2 or 3 at most.  Vegas is lucky to have one.  If you can't appreciate it, don't go.  Leave those precious 10 seats for the rest of us, although I only sit at one of 4 counter seats.  This is probably the MOST satisfying meal I can get in Vegas, for any price.
5	I had the "Yoroi" dinner set tonight for $80. I thoroughly enjoyed the dinner. The fish was fresh and the presentation was excellent. I highly recommend this sushi place if you are in the Las Vegas area. Beware that you should make reservations because this restaurant probably only seats about 30 people max.
5	One of the best edomae style sushi in Vegas ...there three kind of omakase 48 80 and 120.....everytime I'm in Vegas I'm coming here ..
5	My experience at Kabuto was nothing short of fantastic. While it is not your traditional Sushi restaurant and nothing like an AYCE place in terms of value/food, it more than makes up for this with a quality experience and top notch food.I'm not an expert at sushi, but this is the best I've had so far. And while the Edomae style of having the fish marinated in soy sauce may have compromised some uniqueness in flavor, the fish carries a texture that is nothing short of luxurious. Some pieces melt in your mouth, while some have some light resistance, but the fact that they can serve the items at room temperature makes it so they are more buttery than your average sushi joint.For a first timer, I would certainly recommend sitting at the bar. Being able to watch these experts in motion and seeing how much time and effort is put into each portion of the meal is a treat. Receiving each piece of fish one by one paces out your meal in an enjoyable way.A panda and I decided to opt for the nigiri option - $48 dollars for a small sake aperitif, amuse, 10 nigiri, a hand roll and a dessert. While still quite pricey, it is a good value especially for a first timer being able to sample a lot of different fish that I would normally have never tried. One thing that's great about Edo style is that you do not get a "fishy" smell or after taste - but some people certainly might miss that.Our favorite of the night was the chu-toro, though the normal akami and many of the others were very good. If there was one thing to nitpick, the green tea tiramisu that evening was rather bland. The texture was amazing but there was a lack of sweetness as well as a lack of green tea flavor. Additionally, the vanilla ice cream with sea salt was nothing to phone home about.Still, I would probably admit that the subtler flavor is common in Asian-style desserts, so I wasn't surprised either.I would highly recommend anyone who appreciates sushi to try Kabuto - I know there are similar restaurants in other cities but it was definitely a first for me, and an experience I won't soon forget.
4	When you think of Vegas and sushi, you probably think of the places on the strip where everything is three to four times the normal price.  However at Kabuto, the prices while not inexpensive are actually pretty good.  For $48, you get a sushi omakase which features the chef's freshest fishes of the day.  We got a bunch of tuna such as medium fatty toro, ikura and toro hand roll.  At first I felt the meal was going by too quickly but it ended up being an hour and half.  Along with the sushi, you get sake and you get ice cream.  Sake was very good as was the ice cream.  I've never had roasted green tea ice cream.  It was such a great flavor.  I'd definitely come back and see what's fresh next time.
5	Kabuto was terrific! We were looking for sushi and rather than doing Sushi Samba at the Venetian where we were staying, a co-worker recommended going off the strip and trying this place. We are all so glad we took the chance! I'm not usually into seafood, only liking salmon, tuna and cod, but everything we had at Kabuto was terrific including: baby squid, eel, mackerel and many other things! The menu has three price fixe options and additional sushi can be ordered a la carte. The wait staff explains every dish that comes out and the wasabi is authentic which I understand is a rare treat! I'd highly recommend checking this out if you're in Vegas and looking for sushi. Just keep in mind they only have 18 seats and are open from 6-11, so plan accordingly!
5	Sit at the bar.OMG delicious !! keep in mind this was our 2nd dinner of the night and everything was so appetizing that we still managed to finish everything.  My wife had the chirashi bowl with the fishbone miso soup while I opted for the $48 omakase.  Great staff and best part about sitting at the sushi bar is watching the chefs prepare all the perfect delicious morsels right before your eyes.
5	Only place to get Traditional sushi in Vegas. Don't go if you are looking for rolls or fancy sauces. This place does traditional fish, rice, seaweed in amazing perfectionism. I've never had to make a reservation, but if you want to make sure you can get in to the small place it is probably a good idea... especially during a friday/saturday.
5	I like that the only thing that leads you here is word of mouth and a small rectangular window. As usual, I'm late to the party trying this place, but I had been saving it to experience it with good company. I was living on the edge and decided to see if they had any reservations left for that night, which happened to be a Friday, and to my excitement, 8pm available. We had requested to sit at the bar so we could watch the Itamae at work. Of course starting with a bottle of white wine, while we decided what to order, which took all of 2 minutes, we went with the Kabuto Omakase Course.We were started out with aperitif Sake prepared by the chef and then as appetizer of Black Squid and Toro that melted in your mouth.Next up was the 5 piece sashimi course that included, that inlcuded a Shigoku Oyster, I was so excited to try, I forgot to take a picture first (I love oysters). Next was the 5 piece grilled platter, which included a centerpiece of Sazae, cooked portion is usually my least favorite of Omakase, this one no different, I really only enjoyed one piece and I can't remember the name of the fish.Now for the Edomae style service, this starts the Nigiri portion. We were given a slate that is kept in between you and the chef the entire time so he can serve you one piece at a time and also served with just the right amount of wasabi and soy sauce made my them, and I really liked the warm rice. By this time we had finished the wine and started on Sake, so my picture taking was forgotten and a little shotty. In no particular order:o-torochu-toroakamichikamekintokimejinahoubouma-sabahandrollikura Miso soup with shrimp headand gyokuOur server Naomi was so informative, explaining each fish and the region it came from, she had also made a special request for me to the chef to let him know my favorite Japanese Mackerel was on the menu, and he made sure to make that apart of the Omakase. We ended the meal with Green Tea Tiramisu and a Custard filled balloon dessert that was fun to pop, it came with a Swedish FIsh filled with caramel that you poured over the custard. Reminded me of Panna Cotta.This is by far the best sushi I've had since Tsukiji Fish Market.
5	This is, by far, the best sushi restaurant in Las Vegas, and one of the best in the US (I've been to the top rated restaurants in LA, Manhattan, and Tokyo for comparison). The quality of fish is superb, as is the presentation, wait staff, chefs, etc.  This is the real deal. If you are in Vegas, come here (and book your res at least a week in advance).
5	omg ,  this place rocks!!!
5	On a gap year with my wife spending a few days in vegas. We first ate next at the two shops next door to Kabuto (trattoria nakamuta-ya and big wongs, both great!) and decided to splurge as it was my 29th birthday. It was hands down the best experience and meal I've had EVER! We ordered the $48 set menu which came with a home brewed sake apperitif, amuse, 10 nigiris, a hand roll and desert. None of which was short of amazing!Once the 10 nigiris are served u have the option to order extra sushi from the daily menu. The japanese urchin came in on that day and it was delicious. Along with the Otoro (full fat tuna) and the inhouse cooked eel, hell everything we ordered was like a party for our taste buds! The triangle, the medium fat tuna, the salmon roe, the hand roll was ridiculous good (you will never eat another roll like it), even the omlette was on a whole 'nother level!We sat at the bar infront of the sushi chef, who took the time to explain each piece to us and also help us decide which extras to order (we ordered half the list lol). Waitress also always ensured my sake cup was full. Was a once in a lifetime experience! Best meal I've ever had, made me open a yelp account!
5	Hands down best edomae sushi restaurant in Vegas.They get the most exotic and flavorful fish flown in directly from Japan and other parts of the country.I couldn't believe the variety of Tuna they had and just how much fat marbling some of the pieces had.One issue would be with their sushi rice.  It could use more flavor in it's preparation, but all in all you'll get a great flavor from all the fish.I've been twice and I'll be back again.
5	I knew of Kabuto's existence, and even knew roughly where it was. I had walked by it several times on my way to other Japanese restaurants in the same complex, but had never noticed it since it's incredibly discrete.As an aside, it is unfair to the rest of the world that we have so many amazing Japanese restaurants in that complex.Dinner was exactly what we expected it would be: Divine.I wasn't too eager to do the grill, so just got the Nigiri tasting but the 3 others in my group stepped it up a notch.The preparation, presentation, delivery, and explanation all compounded to create a truly remarkable experience. While some of the tastes I didn't much care for, there was no doubting the quality of the basic ingredients. Having tuna from Spain and Sea Bass from Fukuoaka was better than expected.I can see people being surprised by the price, because it isn't cheap. That's the price for the type of fish and the years of experience accrued to deliver it in such a fashion. The service is also absolutely top notch, which is expected at the price point.In short, I'm looking forward to experiencing Kabuto again but I will reserve it for special occasions because Kabuto is, in itself, a special occasion.
4	It's times like these that I wish there was more granularity in the ratings as I'd give Kabuto 4.5 stars.In my opinion, Kabuto is only a small step down from my favorite Sushi place in the US, which itself is only a small step down from the best sushi places in Japan.The freshness, quality, and variety of fish was very good, and they fly in their fish from Japan, Spain, and other places. My favorite was probably the Kamashita toro, which had excellent flavor, was smooth and buttery, and not stringy or fibrous. The live scallop was also delightful, with a very pleasant sweetness and wonderful soft texture.The one knock I have on this place is that the seasoning and garnishing of the fish could be a little more creative. Everything was seasoned with just plain soy sauce and wasabi. No scallions, ginger, or anything of the like on even the stronger tasting fish.
5	Another amazing dinner at Kabuto. The fish was so fresh. Well prepared perfect temperature. Every nigiri that was served just melts in you mouth. This place in my mind is still the Best Edomae sushi in Vegas and maybe in LA. Kabuto only serves nigiri only no rolls. Services so professional. Thank you again Master Gen-san for another amazing dinner. Looking forward to come back again.
5	Kabuto is one of the best sushi places I've been to.  The fish is as fresh as can be.  The rice is spot on. Service is friendly and warm.  They make their own sake.It's pretty fair priced considering the quality too.-1 star for being in Las Vegas (well... I should... But won't...)
5	It's been a while since I ate here. But this place deserves all the praise. First off eating here makes you feel super elite. There are no signs just a small horizontal window. It's almost a privelege to even know this place exist. If I remember correctly there are 8 seats at the sushi bar and 2 four top tables. Definitely NOT a place for kids. This place is perfect for a Date Night or a small girls night out. DEFINITELY order the Omakase. O-toro and Chu-toro are litterally MELT IN YOUR MOUTH so good! So was their Uni and Ikura and before having those there I NEVER liked Uni or Ikura. That's how you know its GOOD! I wish I could remember everything they brought out because it was all amazing! This is a traditional sushi place so do not expect to order a Las Vegas Roll with screaming orgasm sauce lol. Sushi Chefs are very tradiotional, super friendly and extremely knowledgeable. Great customer service. Hands down MY FAVORITE sushi spot. Too bad it is on the higher price range because I would LOVE to eat here on a regular basis. But you pay for QUALITY and the genuine EXPERIENCE--almost like you're in Japan=) *I have never been to Japan but my friend who has was the one who made that statement ;-)
5	It was a pleasant dinner away from the busy strip. We made a reservation for our anniversary a couple weeks in advance. The restaurant is small, so reservations are a must. We ordered the omakase and it did not disappoint. The fish was very fresh and high quality. All I can say is kamashita! Wow. Melt in your mouth. Ikura marinated in dashi was also delicious. Both service and food were excellent. I would give food 4.5 stars and services 4 stars. Can't wait to return the next time I'm in Vegas.
5	The experience you get here is similar to the one Anthony Bourdain had at jiro's sushi in Tokyo! Kabuto is the best sushi restaurant  in the Americas continent!Who cares about the price coz you're in Vegas!!!!!
1	My wife and I have  dined at Kabuto 5 or 6 times, and we have always had a  terrific experience; however, the last time we went there it was an epic fail. As always, we specifically made reservations for the sushi bar. We arrived a few minutes early; nevertheless, they told us they could not seat us at the sushi bar. They said that they cannot guarantee reservations at the sushi bar. Huh? What is the point of making a reservation if they will not honor the reservation? We always drop $300+ when we dine at Kabuto's, and for that kind of money we expect our reservations to be honored as long as we are punctual. There are many dining options in Vegas, so we will likely not go back to Kabuto.
4	A little pricey but worth it. All the fish was fresh and delicious. I wish I was not full from all the previous stops.  I wanted to try the remaining fish on the list. I would give it 4.5 stars but that was not an option
5	I heard the reviews and wanted the Jiro Dream of Sushi experience.  So when my wife said she wanted sushi in Vegas, this was where I took her.   The food was excellent and this restaurant is now my favorite sushi place in the world!
5	Best food experience I've ever had in Las Vegas. The food is incredible, the preparation is awesome to watch, and the presentation is an art.Some lady was complaining about how they prep stuff hours in advance and that's inappropriate for this style of sushi and in Japan they do it another way and blah blah blah...STFU! She doesn't know what she's talking about. A. They don't. B. Everything is prepped an appropriate amount of time to your menu order. C. Their presentation requires them do prep. It's a restaurant for Christ sake!Sit at the bar. Make reservations. They'll tell you the name of the fish you're eating and where they're from. Mine was Guss, Larry, Charles, Nina, Pinta, and Santa Maria from Spain, Seattle, Tokyo and Kickapoo Nebraska...? I dunno my memory may be a little fuzzy on that last part.
5	Kabuto is the ultimate sushi experience for purists. No tempura, fatty americanized seasonings, or beef teriyaki. Come here to observe freshly caught fish being artfully prepared by skilled chefs with love and devotion. You don't get to pick the fish, only the amount you wish to be served: their presentation is a true art and encompasses wise transitions from salty/sour to sweet.
5	What could I say that hasn't been written about Kabuto over, and over again. If the overall Yelp rating isn't enough for you, and the Elite endorsements aren't either - keep on reading. But just so you know, you could save yourself the reading time and make a reservation now.Most sushi in Vegas is all-you-can-eat. Kabuto is the exact opposite of the very notion of food-to-money value. This is an experience. This is one of the rare places in the city that can bring you close to experiencing the taste and expertise of Japan. You're going to pay up to $120 for a designed and manicured experience, not including your drinks and extras. Be ready to see through the lens of the prideful sushi chef.Immediately, you may be confused where to find Kabuto. It is an unmarked door near Nakamura-Ya. Walk in. Do you see all white with some ovens? You're in Sweets Raku. Leave (but come back later). The other unmarked door. There you go. The place with the beautiful interior. Very Japanese in that the use of natural materials is prevalent. Wood. Stone. Simplicity. The food is being made right in front of the lucky customers sitting at the bar. Go ahead, take a picture.Your prix-fixe options are three. Basically, how much can you spend for how long of an experience? You can go up to $120, though I imagine the middle option is the most popular - which is what I had. It is plenty, but the higher tier is still appealing.1. You'll start with a drink. I had a Fuji apple infused sake, made in house, served over ice. Light and refreshing.2. Next, a small dish of sliced bonito, seaweed, and cucumbers. A tease for what is to come.3. Finally, a sashimi plate. Bluefin tuna, scallops, white fish, and oyster already with sauce. I'm usually the kind of person who tries everything on the plate - but avoid the stuff the oyster is sitting on. It's salt. Ask me how I know.4. Next, a grilled plate. Three pieces of meat. One fish I don't recall the name of but it was topped with a sort of miso. The next, beef tataki. Tender and delicious, wrapping some vegetables. The last, wild trout.5. Chopped bluefin tuna over rice. Simple and tasty.6. Marinated ikura over rice. I was initially afraid of the fishy aspect of this, but like all things perfected - I had nothing to fear. The bursts of ikura while chewing were salty but delicious in the mystery marinade and rice.7. A bluefin hand roll, but not of the conical variety. More like a small sushi roll but uncut. Simple, and still delicious. Appreciated familiarity.8. A series of nigiri. Some I don't remember, but I know there was cho-toro (medium fatty tuna). I also ordered extra young yellowtail and o-toro.9. When you're all done, you'll have a choice of miso soup with a variety of items. Fish bone, shrimp head, or seaweed (I think). I tried both the fish bone and the shrimp head. Both delicious and comforting ends to the "sushi phase."10. Dessert. I got to try the roasted tea ice cream and the citrus sorbet. Both excellent, particularly the sorbet. Extremely refreshing and flavorful.For a high-end sushi experience, you will probably never find better in Vegas. This isn't a place to get value, or to get full. This is an experience. Remember this. Eat slowly. Take the time to think about what you're eating. Enjoy.
4	Excellent excellent sushi! 4.5* and I wish I could give them 5 stars as I'm sure they deserve it. I got the nigiri omakase which included a fuji apple home made sake which was ok.. the sake didnt really taste like much as it had a bunch of ice in it. Also, the glass that it came in had an eggy smell that results from not drying too well in a dishwasher. The appetizer was an octopus seaweed, cucumber salad which was great. the nigiri was great for the most part and the ANAGO and UNI were amazing. The initial couple of nigiri servings were good from a texture standpoint, but the soy that they glaze on it made the first few taste the same. Also, they served the dreaded Omlette/egg nigiri which I loathe. I'm not sure if I could have asked them to give me something else instead of the egg. I dont understand who likes that stupid lump of cold egg. They had a couple of kinds of toro which was great and the miso was wonderful and the service was very nice and attentive as well. The hand roll was AMAZING and it literally melts in your mouth. Oh and I almost forgot the warm rice that's part of the nigiri - this is the first time I've had warm rice in my nigiri (including my dining in Tokyo) and warm rice is wonderful.Couple of suggestions that I would give them:1. The sushi is served fresh one after the other when you order the omakase. This makes the experience kind of rushed as I finish one piece of nigiri and they immediately give me the next to eat. I would prefer it if they gave me half of my ten pieces first and let me slowly enjoy the experience while drinking some sake and then brought out the next 5. 2. The chef tells you what you are eating, but it's hard to understand him. It would be great if you can mark off the fish that you served on the menu of the day that you provide which is disposable anyway. 3. Give me the option to exclude the omlette/egg sushi. I'll definitely be back to try the yoroi omakase next time and hopefully ask them to incorporate the above suggestions :)
4	Had the "yaori" omakase.  This was the $80.00 set.  All the fish they served were fresh as advertised.  The type of fish served were all delicious.  Really enjoyed the negi toro served on white rice at the end of the meal.  The scallions they added to the negi toro enhanced the taste of the fish.  I would recommend this for those who enjoy raw fish.  The staff were super friendly and helpful in explaining each dish.  I was impressed that upon leaving, my server walked me out.  That is quite impressive.  When you are in Vegas, this is a must destination.
5	Wonderful sushi experience. And that's exactly what it was-- AN EXPERIENCE. Just the way omakase should be. Don't cheap out and get the $48-- get the $80 or $120. You will be full, joyous, and it will be worth every penny. Everything is seasoned and flavored to PERFECTION. Each dish that comes out is absolutely superb and in perfect ordering to complement the taste of the last piece you ate. They will explain to you what order to eat it in. The kumamoto oyster was the most delicate and spectacular piece of food you can ever eat. The quality of the fatty toro was the best I've had. The layer crepe for dessert at the end was a beautiful ending to the story. 5 girls who usually would talk the entire time ate in complete silence, savoring every bite. Every piece of fish tells a story through taste. This chef is definitely a wise soul. Oh, precious edomae sushi. Next time I come back to Vegas, I will definitely come back here.
5	After thinking about it a lot, I've decided to change my rating to 5 stars. In my mind, something that is 5 stars is a place that completely blows your mind and you might only get to experience a few times in your life (like the time I went to Sukiyabashi Jiro). However, that's not how most people give ratings on Yelp and I don't think it's fair if I skew the rating of a really great place down. Come on Yelp, let us give half stars!And I just have to add this comment after reading through a bunch or reviews here from people complaining that the pieces are too small: a piece of nigiri is supposed to be eaten in a SINGLE bite and should thus fit into your mouth comfortably. What is served in most sushi restaurants in the US does not fit the bill and you have to cram a piece into your mouth to put it in all at once. Smaller pieces like those served at Kabuto are traditional and proper. Please educate yourself before making unfounded criticisms.
5	Cute little unmarked restaurant that only seats 22 people. The staff is super attentive and courteous to the customer.  Best sushi in town! We had the kabuto omakasa meal. The house made mountain berry sake aperitif was super sweet and refreshing...the perfect drink to get the appetite going. My favorite was the scallop, oyster, and rockfish. All the dishes were fresh and not fishy at all. We ended with green tea tiramisu and a traditional Japanese balloon custard. This place is completely worth the price!
5	This is a very unique Japanese dining experience and am grateful to have spent the hour here. The chefs are trained in the art of preparing sushi. They offer only the best cuts of fish from Japan, Spain, Alaska, Boston, and Catalina Island (uni).Here's the skinny:-Make a reservation! They will call you the day of to confirm. Do not be late! A center seat at the bar is where you want to be seated. -Do not eat here if you don't enjoy raw fish. I don't eat raw fish but wanted the experience so I went with a friend and we shared a prix fixe menu at no extra charge. -You pick from 3 prix fixe menus from $48-120 omakase. Menus may vary due to which fish are in season. -as a part of the prix fixe menus, there is a grilled platter. Delicious! And the little crab is edible. -They make their own plum sake which is so sweet...I can down a whole bottle of it. It's part of the aperitif. -After you complete the course, you may order more of the items you like a la carte, ranging $3-8. I would've gotten more sake, the omelet (so sweet and eggy...like an egg custard cake), and the grilled fish, Kobe tatami...keeping in mind that I don't eat raw fish. -Not for large groups. This isn't exactly a social gathering. It's a place to admire and taste quality fish prepared by culinary artists from Japan. Would I return? In a heartbeat, even though I don't eat fish. But out of respect for the chefs, I probably shouldn't because it would be rude just to sit there and not eat. Amazing. Just...amazing.
5	Best sushi in Las Vegas. After watching "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" we had to try this place. We had one of the best experience. Thank you chef, Gen san!
5	For all sushi and Japanese foodies - this is the place to be! It's a very inconspicuous location with no big signs. It's incredibly authentic and definitely raised the bar for a fine dining experience.All of the servers & cooks are very knowledgeable when it comes to the food and any questions you may have. For anniversaries and special events for two, I highly recommend this quaint restaurant.
4	we came here on a friday night and the two of us were seated right away.  the small restaurant is hard to find.  no signs on the door and just a small narrow window.  once inside the place feels warm. the decor is simple. the sushi chefs are standing at eye level with people who sit at the bar because they are on a lower level.  i thought that was kind of cool.  the staff is friendly and super japanesewe had a yoroi and nigiri omakase and everything was delicious!  i was so excited as they brought out each dish.  there was one tuna that kept on reappearing in different dishes like the handroll, amuse, nigiri and sashimi.  not sure if they ran out of other stuff but a bit more variety there would have been good.
5	Simply extraordinary.  Even the most hardline sushi purist will approve.  No tempura here because the odor would mar the exquisite freshness of the fish and detract from the refinement of the stunningly stark setting.  They won't even give you a chance to ruin your meal by placing bottles of shoyu on the counter.  You must sit at the bar and marvel at the surgeon-like precision of these accomplished chefs to fully appreciate the experience.
5	I can't wait to come back. I had the nigiri omakase and it was just a great experience. Every bite was perfect and beautifully prepared and presented. The nigiri omakase is a small meal compared to most American restaurants, but if you're a sushi foodie you'll be amazed by the quality.
5	The best sushi I've ever had in the US, rivals some of the better sushi places in Japan. Got the mid tier tasting menu and every course was amazing. Price is expensive but reasonable for the quality of food and service provided.
5	This is the best sushi/sashimi experience I've ever had... and that's saying a lot! I've been lucky enough to try sashimi in some wonderful places, but Kabuto is one of the most underrated experiences you can have, especially in a town of incredible eats like Vegas. My best friend brought me here last fall for a "girls' weekend" splurge meal, and it was so good I promptly brought my husband and HIS best friend back here the following month. For $80, the mid-range omakase had all of us - from picky eaters to supersize-me-quantity-loving eaters - pretty full. The 10-or-so courses are small, delicate, expertly prepared, and artistically presented. The in-house-made aperitifs change regularly and are very delicate. Getting to sit at the bar is a real treat as well, since the chefs' craftsmanship and passion for food is visible in every prep step. My favorites are the sashimi - impossibly rich and fresh - the roe, served in a little shot glass - and the tiny deep fried whole crab.Menus change regularly, so come back often and try new things. :)
5	I don't always enjoy living in Vegas. Sometimes I want to be back in LA so I can eat amazing sushi.....I'm happy to say that I no longer need to wait for my next trip out of town to have the best Japanese culinary experience. This place is outstanding! I felt overjoyed with every bite, on occasion I was depressed when the bite was over. This happened with both a piece of fish called  triangle and a piece of Kobe beef.The service was impeccable and the chefs are SPECTACULAR! I went with the mid level omakase which was nice because I then ordered a few more pieces to try at the end but next time I'll go with the top option at $120. I will be dreaming about it until next time....
5	This place reminds me of Sasabune from Oahu.  The menu is limited.  It is served mostly Omakase style.  4 of us ordered the nigiri omakase for $48 per person.  For this price, you get a shot size of  homemade grape 2% grape wine.  It was yummy so we a full size bottle for $25.  Then, comes the appetizer.  Main course is 10 pieces of nigiri.  Tuna roll completes the main course.  Dessert was either a scoop of salted vanilla ice cream or sorbet.  However, the sushi was so good we ended up ordering more sushi by the piece.  Our total bill was roughly $100 per person.  This is the place to come if you want authentic Japanese sushi!
5	One of the best sushi/sashimi restraunts in town.  Exceptional quality.  The place is cozy and seating is limited so reservations are highly recommended.  Everything on the menu is fab!!  Sorry Nobu but this place has you beat.
5	You know something is up when a business has no sign; it's virtually unheard of in retail/food. This place is authentic as you can get and coming from a big city like SF, a dingy Las Vegas strip mall is the last place I would think of for a place like this to exist. As for the food, it's what everyone else says it is so nothing really to add here. Nigiri rice is supposed to be at 35c for those that are confused. I'm flying there again next month to go eat there again and then fly back the next morning.
5	Hands-down the best sushi I've had in the US! Make sure you sit at the bar and order the nigiri omakase. The whole staff is Japanese and the service is great.We've been here 3 times in the past 4 months and I cannot wait to go back. Too bad it's not in the Seattle area. The omakase comes with 10 pieces, a hand-roll, an amuse bouche, a 7-month aged infused sake drink (soooo good), and dessert. My favorites were the kamashita toro and o-toro  so I always order those a la carte after the omakase.Last time we had a pregnant person in our group and they were super accommodating and prepared a custom menu for her with only cooked items.The place is tiny so be sure to make reservations to get a spot by the sushi bar. The difference is that you get one piece at a time, while you watch them making it in front of you. When you seat at the table, they bring 5 pieces at once.
5	Finally a real contender in Vegas.  One of the best sushi joints in the country!  There are no slot machines, in fact this place is hard to find.  It's located in a dingy unmarked strip mall in so called Chinatown  The taxi cab driver never heard of this place and when you pull up to the address it's nowhere.  I called from the taxi and they said I'm in the right place.  After some searching andOnce you walk in, you know you are in for a treat.  3 chefs perfectly dressed with a small fish case at each chefs station ( as opposed to the usual fish window along the length of the bar ).  I did the most expensive omakase , I think it was $120 and worth every penny! This is authentic and is not to be missed!
5	This place is the best sushi in town hands down!
4	Best raw fish in vegas. Amazing experience with a okay ambience.Go for the fatty tuna, otoro!
5	Best kept secret in Vegas!!!  I've done their tasting menu's twice now.  The absolute best!!!
5	Amazing omakase. Crazy fresh fish & awesome service. Although it's about a $20 cab ride for those staying on the strip, it's well worth it! (& don't worry about a cab back, they call one for you after your meal --classy). My friends and I got the mid tier yoroi omakase. We loved the o-toro and uni and had to get extra servings of those. The rice is warm and perfectly seasoned. I love how authentic this place is and stands by their food so much so that there isn't even a huge sign with their name on the building. TLDR; if you like authentic Japanese and love fresh fish shipped in from Japan daily--come here. Or don't so I can keep it to myself. ;)
5	I went to Kabuto thinking I was "going out for sushi". Good Sushi. But it was an "experience" instead. I had the opportunity to try things I never had, like monkfish liver... the seafood equivalent to fois gras. I found the chefs to be present and the waitstaff very communicative. Everything I put in my mouth was in the neighborhood of a "9", some better, only two things that I thought were less... but they just kept bringing more and it didn't matter. I ordered a sake recommendation from the waitress and loved it. The ambiance of the place captivated me. Soft lighting in a zen-sparse room. As soon as I stepped in the door, I knew this was not going to be an ordinary night out for sushi.
2	I can't give this place a thorough review because we left without eating. 1) no maki sushi (sushi rolls). Not sure how none of the reviews mentioned this but sashimi/ nigiri is just a little too much for me. 2) we might have stayed to try something new, but the place smelled like rotting fish.  It was not pleasant. The people seemed nice and the ambiance was fine other than the smell. But it was just too authentic for us.
4	Expensive but it's some of the best fish you can get. Definitely worth a try. The chefs are also extremely friendly. It's not easy to find. Lots of exotic sushi along with uni fresh from Japan
5	WOW! This is not only the best Sushi in Las Vegas but this place is probably the most amazing wonder in all Las Vegas (and I'm a local so I know this town well). Look, people forget that we are in the desert... Yet at Kobuto I had fresher fish than I've ever experienced even when in costal cities like Boston, San Fran, New York, Miami, etc.  I knew this place had their fish flown in but I was blown away when the waitress told me that a certain fish was "ALIVE TODAY"!!!!!!! Anyone that dogs this place is likely just unfamiliar with genuine fine dining. The cost is high but the value is higher. I mean please tell me how much should fish cost in the desert when it has been wild caught and rushed through the entire food supply chain to arrive at my plate perfectly prepared in a single day? Not to mention that some of these cuts are rare cuts from expensive fish. If you want all you can eat for 25 bucks go to Sushi Kaya... If you want a transcendent experience and can afford it come here.
5	By far the best sushi / dining experience I've ever experienced. Excellent service and phenomenal fresh fish. Creative, intimate and delicious. The premium fatty tuna, uni, live scallop, and balloon dessert were out of this world. Knowledgable and kind servers with very skilled sushi chefs. Highly recommend this to those who appreciate high quality sushi, the Japanese culture and take all the levels if detail they put into the restaurant. Even the smooth wooden table at the bar to the chairs, lighting, overall cleanliness, and modern chic look yet with a warm ambience.
5	Simply amazing.  All the praise, accolades, and admiration expressed in the other reviews definitely apply here as well.  The restaurant is located in a strip mall that doesn't convey the incredible experience that awaits you inside.Kabuto was recommended to me by an acquaintance and I thought I would give it a shot.  And boy, was I impressed!  The fish is flown in daily from Japan which is, in and of itself, really impressive.  Everything about this place was awesome; the food was perfect and I loved the staff's attention to detail.There are three omakase options, priced at $48/$80/$120 and I chose the latter.  I will attempt to recount the meal as accurately as possible; I have uploaded photos and captioned them.  I normally don't take food pictures, but I was inspired by a friend (=P) so please forgive any photos did not turn out well (the lighting was definitely not optimal for photos where I was seated).
5	Kabuto has not skipped a beat since Gen-San's departure. Executive Chef Ken Hosoki (former Sous under Gen-San) continues to deliver perfect sushi like nowhere else in Las Vegas and among the best sushi experiences my wife and I have enjoyed outside of Tokyo.There is no need to elaborate on what we had last night; our fifth visit in the last year. Nor could I add anything new to the countless acolades of this outstanding temple to fish. Just make a reservation, at least a week in advance, sit at the bar, and enjoy.
3	I have been to Kabuto a few times now. I am not sure the foods is still great as last time. After the old head chef left, it is just different. The fishes are still fresh and premium quality of course but the sushi is drowned in sauce. The rice falls apart as i pick it up with my fingers, i did not even use chopsticks! I prefer ordering off the daily menu.  Grilled items from the omakase arent that great. Service is awesome though! However they shouldnt make it too exclusive when turning customers with no reservation away.
5	If you love sushi, you have to try this place when you come to Vegas. It is by far the best sushi I've had outside of Japan. For my visit, the course consisted of various fish flown in from Japan, Spain, and New England. Everything from the hot food items, the sushi, fresh oyster, and the green tea tiramisu was superb.
5	Just an update to let people know of that Head Chef Kaz has left to pursue his own restaurant, but the quality of fish here is still superb.
5	Found this little gem with referral from my friend.  I could not believe how authentic this place was.  If you are a sushi lover,  this is a must go place.  5 stars all around.....  Even though the place is a little small, but it's a must go place...  You will not be disappointed..
5	One of the top contenders for edomae style sushi in the west coast. I'm sure you've read from all the other reviews about the experience at Kabuto. This review focuses on the service/value, as the food has been covered thoroughly by other yelpers.Service: 5Food: 5Atmosphere: 5Reservations: Not required, but in my opinion, a must.The server/client ratio is extremely high, so the average American might be put off by this level of service and might rate it badly (aka: hovering). Try this place out and see what real service is like. They will stand within 5-6 feet of you at all times, which is excellent. The servers are extremely knowledgeable about their menu. I believe both the chefs and the servers are educated on the daily menu. If you have extreme social anxiety, I would avoid this place like the plague. Otherwise, skip the regular tables and reserve a seat at the sushi bar. There are 10 seats at the sushi bar, the one closest to the entrance is 1 (which is where the head chef Gen-san is stationed).  I usually reserve seats 9-10 and ask for Nobu-san. Nobu -san's attention to detail is on par with Gen-san in my opinion and he is less intimidating.Most valuable way to eat here is to order the $48 omakase and individually order pieces that you liked/want to try. The yoroi and kabuto dinner is not a good deal for the money. We came here to eat sushi right? Skip the non-sushi items. You'll thank me for it.THE DAMAGE: My party of two tried everything on the daily menu at least once, tried a couple of things twice (Boston scallops) and had a couple of sapporos each. Bill came out to $290, and we left there $400 poorer, but infinitely happier. A definite must-try next time you're in Las Vegas, especially if you win some money from the tables.
5	Best sushi so far!!  I got the Kabuto Omakase Course ($120).  It was expensive but well worth it.  I would definitely recommend sitting at the bar.  I would recommend making a reservation at least one week in advance especially if you're thinking about dining on Saturday.  You can really taste the quality and preparation of the fish.  My favorite would be the fresh uni, sweet shrimp, and medium fatty tuna.  The grill platter was good but not great.  Still, this is the best sushi experience I had so far.
1	Warning:  This is NOT a Japanese restaurant, its a KOREAN restaurant pretending to be Japanese.  Went to eat here and quickly discovered this ruse.  The previous owners/staff that you see in the pics are gone, sold out.Why is this important - if your going to pay $250 for two people you want the real thing, not pretenders using pretend Japanese and who arenot Sushi chefs.  Japanese chefs are trained for a decade to do their job right.  For example, a trained Japanese chef knows how to talk to you, spending much of his time explaining the fish and making suggestions as to what you would like.  They are good at figuring out the client and catering to them.   THIS is why you pay $250 for two people.  As it stands now, you will not get this treatment here, but you'll still pay $250 for two.
5	You know, I'm not sure what else I could say about Kabuto besides the fact that it is absolutely amazing. I have always wanted to dine here due to the reviews and I finally got a chance last night to experience the magic .. or awkwardness, whichever it correlates to. Our reservation was for 6 pm so when we got there, we were the ONLY ones there, which was why I said it was awkward. There were 8 seats available at the bar with 4 chefs all ready to prepare food. I believe there were also 2 tables and that was it. It's a pretty small yet cozy establishment that brings a completely different atmosphere than I've had before. In fact, it felt really weird to me that there was someone constantly there waiting on me. I guess I'm just not used to fancy. I'm just a simple country girl :PAnywho, we both chose the Nigiri course which consists of aperitif sake, amuse, 10 pc nigiri, a hand roll, and dessert. With that, we got an order of their Five Star Sashimi plate as well. We each also got plum wine, one with ice and one without.The sake was grapefruit flavored and it was light. It's too bad that I'm not a huge fan of grapefruit due to the bitterness of the after taste but it was still very refreshing. The amuse, I believe was soy marinated bonito with cucumber and seaweed. Quality, quality, quality. You can taste the freshness of the bonito despite it being marinated in soy sauce. Then came the five star sashimi plate which included blue fin tuna, orange clam, gingko fish, live scallop, and pacific pike. I must say that the live scallop was very delicious and it was different from the last time I had a piece of live scallop. The last time I had live scallop, it was quite slimy but Kabuto's live scallop did not give off that impression at all. Another surprise for me was the pacific pike. The fish itself was a little bit more stronger than the others yet not overwhelming. Plus they topped the fish with some ginger and green onion and combined with their house made soy sauce, the taste brought up some really warm and fuzzy feelings. The tasted reminded me of home. Kabuto is the second restaurant to be able to serve me something that reminded me of my mother's cooking. Amazing. Now onto the 10 pc nigiri! The chefs serve you this piece by piece so not everything is out in front of you at once, which was a very new experience for me. We had: Deep sea porgy, blue fin tuna, opal eye, baby amber jack, chu-toro, giant octopus, shad, salmon roe, chopped otoro, and sweet omelet. I liked all of them and I liked how I've never tried some of these before. Though, the ONE nigiri that stood out the MOST to me out of the 10 piece course was the Ikura aka salmon roe. Maybe it's because I've had salmon roe before at other Japanese restaurants so when I had it at Kabuto, I noticed the DRASTIC difference. I normally don't care for salmon roe because it is very salty and sometimes with a taste of ocean water. However, Kabuto's salmon roe is just heaven. Theirs wasn't overly salty and it tasted SO good with their sushi rice. I'm not even sure how to describe the feeling. I was just in LOVE. On that note, Kabuto has amazing sushi rice. I really wanted to order a side of sushi rice ... We also ordered some nigiri al la carte .. because I just HAD to try their Japanese uni and giant clam. My friend ordered bellows belly (jabara toro) to try as well. Japanese uni? To die for. I've never liked uni when I was younger but then I discovered that fresh uni is sweet and tastes amazing but nothing can compare to the Japanese uni I had at Kabuto. Uni, when not fresh, is salty, disgusting, and it tastes like you have a mouthful of slimy ocean water. However, when super good and fresh, it tastes sweet -- that seafood sweetness that just melts in your mouth. Once again, with their sushi rice, it is amazing...I just can't get their salmon roe and japanese uni out of my mind! For handrolls, we got chopped blue fin tuna with some onions. The onions added great taste and texture to the roll. Yummy! As for the dessert, we got their green tea cake and their Japanese lemon sorbet. I must say .. their green tea cake tasted amazing. It tasted as though they used fresh cream and that's just so much goodness to my taste buds. Their service was excellent. The waitresses were attentive. They always got empty plates out of the way as soon as possible. The courses came out fast yet they gave you enough time to enjoy your meal. Overall, Kabuto is definitely a place I would recommend sushi lovers. Nothing beats the experience and quality here. A little pricey but sometimes, you just gotta treat yourself .. or have someone treat you HAHA!
5	Best kaiseki ever! If Michelin would rank them, it would be two stars. Everything was done perfectly and meticulously. No details were spared!
5	Such a cute place. It's in a run down neighborhood with no store front signs.  But when we tried the fish, we forgot all about thr neighborhood.  The fish is super fresh and you don't need any sauce to cover up.  The toro and uni are out of this world! Melts in your mouth.  Worth the high price!
5	Only eat sushi and sashimi here.  Everything else is good, but the sushi and sashimi are life changing.  Better than anything I've ever had in New York, Tokyo, or Hong Kong.  If you do want to get the set menu it's still good and everything is amazing.  Except if they serve you the snail... Don't eat the grilled snail no matter what you do it is nausea inducing.
5	This is my first review but this restaurant needs to be recognized for what they are doing. Having recently visited Tokyo, I can appreciate the preparation and pride this restaurant takes in their food. The sushi and sashimi here can stand up to many of the fine establishments in Tokyo and the price at Kabuto is very reasonable for the quality you receive. They are passionate about the way their food is presented and inspect each piece of fish carefully before serving. Any sushi pro knows that not only is the fish an important aspect of sushi but the rice is equally if not more important. The rice was prepared very well (warm with a slight hint of vinegar). The taste of the rice complemented the fish so well it makes my mouth water thinking of it now. The service was friendly and the servers were helpful in educating the patrons on where each food item came from. In case you didn't already know, they receive their products fresh daily from all over the world. One place that they receive their fish from is the famous Tsukiji fish market in Tokyo. The fish here meets the standards of fish sold right at that market. The chefs prepare each plate as a piece of art and the timing of each food item is perfect. If you are a foodie and like traditional Japanese sushi then you must check this place out. No cream cheese and spicy mayo rolls here! In my opinion there is no other sushi restaurant in Vegas that is close to Kabuto. That includes the big names on the strip.
5	This is as good or better than the top sushi places in New York, ergo, the world outside of Japan.  Prepare your stomach and wallet accordingly.  Order lots of nigiri, be somewhat adventurous, and don't skip the bellow's belly - but perhaps skip the omakase and "choose your own adventure."  I've spent much more on sushi and gotten far less.  5 stars.
5	Best sushi we've had so far. Must go if you love sushi. Uni was amazing. House made sake was delicious. Well worth the price.
4	Very good sushi and not too expensive. Off the strip in Chinatown in a small, quiet restaurant. A great escape from the noise of the Strip. Worth a stop if you want good fish without having to deal with the typical vegas scene.
5	Exceptional sushi, excellent service
5	If I could give Kabuto 10 stars, I would.  We elected to have the Omakase menu and went with the big boy ($120 per person).  I have had sushi all over the world, and this may be the best I have ever had.  The definitely specialize in the Blue Fin tuna, and don't have a huge variety.  However, the Toro that they serve was just out of this world.  There are a few different varieties, and you get to have a lot of it. I won't elaborate that much more, since you don't really get a choice when ordering there.  It's all Omakase menu, and you just choose between 3 different prices.  This is the best meal I have had in Vegas (after working in Vegas for 6+ months).  I can hardly wait to return (hopefully soon!!).
5	Admittedly second or third best sushi I have had in life, but an incredible bargain for half the price of the others. If you are in Vegas, don't miss out on Kabuto. Worth the drive or taxi ride off strip.Definitely some of the best sushi around and the Kabuto Omakase at $120 (hot tea was included) is both filling and a great tour of diversity of flavors and preparation. Omakase included a 2oz housemade peach sake, appetizer plate, sashimi plate, grill plate, sushi, hand roll, miso soup, and desert. Sushi fish from Japan, Spain and around the US. Delicious!I got there at 6p and within a half hour the counter was full and a large group at the tables, so reservations are worthwhile. They warned me on the phone that dinner would take 2 hours and it clocked in at 1.5hrs making me think that they only have 2 seatings at 6 and 8p by reservation.Door is unmarked so go by address. Same mall, parking lot as a bunch of Asian restaurants.
5	I have come this place four times already in the passed two months. Every time I think sushi, this place will jump up in my head. I really think this place is the best sushi restaurant in town. This restaurant is very small. Reservation is must. Staffs are all very friendly and polite. I have great experience every time I come here. Their have three different price tasting menu. Most of time I order the $80 one. I tried the $120 tasting once. Food was more than enough and I didn't know how I finished all of them. From appetizer, sashimi, sushi to desert, everything presented to me were prefect art. Their fishes are all super fresh. I can taste the sweetness of the meat. Their just melt in my mouth. If you love sushi, this place is a must to try.
5	This restaurant is in a strip mall in Chinatown.It specializes in traditional Edo style Japanese food.Very traditional sashimi, sushi and small plates.If you want to try very traditional Japanese food have the set menu and be enchanted.If you want modern Americanized sushi don't go here if you want to be enchanted by the real thing then it's next door but one to the massage parlor.
5	This is one of the best omakase that I've ever been to.  All the fishes were fresh and so mouth watering delicious.   My husband and I usually choose the $80 or the $120 omakase choices.  It's pretty filling.  However we can be piggies so we occasionally will order a few extra fishes after. If possible and available, try the triangle part of the tuna.  It is absolutely mouth watering delicious.  Enjoy!
5	What can I say beyond Kabuto being the best sushi in the US? Edomae sushi all about the quality of ingredients and preparation, rather than strange combinations. Purely amazing! I recommend starting with the middle omokase (yoroi) and adding extra bites afterwards. It is hard to get reservations and find, but your mind will be blind. Definitely order the tuna triangle and meijina with lemon and sea salt. The chefs are true artists.
5	This is probably the best sushi restaurant I've been to in the U.S..... well then again, I've only had sushi in CA and NV. Anyway, the kamashita's are so delicious I dream about them at night.This restaurant is like a Jiro-style sushi restaurant for those of you who have seen the documentary. They make your sushi one by one and they already put the soy sauce on top. They have 3 levels of omakase, $48, $80, and $120. I've gotten the $80 and the $48 one. If you like cooked fish, get the $80 omakase. They give you plenty of food, cooked and raw. If you just want to eat nigiri sushi, get the $48. I usually get the $48 omakase and add-on 3-4 pieces of the "premium" sushi afterwards. This will make me pretty full by the end of the night and the bill usually comes out to about $75-80 + tax and tip per person. My hubby and I also recently went to Japan to eat. The sushi here is pretty comparable to the 2 michelin-star sushi restaurant we ate at over there (Sushi Kanesaka--they win slightly because their rice is so damn good).Anyways, overall this is a very delicious, authentic sushi restaurant and worth the drive from So CA to Vegas at least once a year. When making reservation, call in 3 weeks-a month in advance and get the sushi bar seating; it makes it a completely different experience.P.S. Their head chef recently changed as of 12/20/14 (my last visit here).
