5	I can't keep my mind off of pizza today for some reason, and thinking about Johnny Mac's isn't helping any.  This pizzeria's been around in Henderson for literally as long as I can remember, and it's devotees are strong in both number and ferocity.Now, the pizza here is good, don't get me wrong.  It's an authentic, made-just-for-you, pie of yuminess.  However, the pizza isn't what gets people about this place, it's the pizza's accompaniment:  the wings.  Johnny Mac hails from Buffalo and brought his special secret recipe with him when he migrated here.  Many people claim these wings are the best in the valley and I would have to agree with them.
5	Johnny Mac's RULES!  I am fairly new to Henderson and this is a place where I will bring my visitors to!  The large pizza and 50 wing combo is the best ever!  Been here about 5 times now!
5	When it comes to wings I can take 'em or leave 'em. Last week a friend of mine took me here for the Wings as he hasn't shut up about the place for months. Well, the wings truly are all that and a bag of chips. I wanted to go all the way out there tonight because I was craving the wings so much. They don't mess around with the chile, lime, terriyaki, chutney Wings.This is Johnny Mac's and it's mild, medium, and hot. Not wanting to test the waters we went with the mild & medium... Next time it's the hot!
5	Trekked to Henderson last night and this pilgrimage was to convert my girlfriend to the artery clogging goodness of these Johnnie Mac Wings. She's been converted. Oh, the flavors are medium, hot, and firey suicide. I had the firey suicide on the side and it wasn't suicidal for me it was spicy hot but tasty, my eyes were teary and the nose was runny after a few. The staff is genuinely nice and expedient.
4	This one is for you Jer.... Mr. Mac I hear migrated from the mother land of wings(buffalo). Now I like pizza, I have been a long time conasaur of wings. I have sampled a good 100 or so wings from the Anchor Bar. The establishment that claims started this delicacy. Johnny could use bat wings battered and dipped in his wingy sauce and I would still think they are taste o' licious. Some sauces are meant to be sopped up with your left over pizza crust and Mac's is on that list. I travel a good 30miles round trip to partake on his wingy dingies. Make sure you ask for extra sauce on your babies because the secret is in the sauce when it comes to wings. The meat is meaty also, you rarely ever get that bastard stepchild of a wing all small over crisp and retarded. Mac's is on my list when I think of purchasing wings for myself or chowing down with the guys. Shalom Johnny Macs.
3	Maybe its just me...I've never had buffalo wings that have ever blown me away.  Most of them are done the same way everywhere.  I honestly can't tell that much of a difference between this place and any Buffalo Wild Wings although the wing meat at Mac's was pretty dry and some of the drumettes barely had any meat on them.  Definitely a one and done place for me.  Not worth the trek from SW Vegas for.
4	I found Johnny Mac's is now participating in the restaurant.com gift certificates. It seemed like the perfect excuse to consume several thousand calories in a sitting when I purchased a $25 gift card for a mere $2 yesterday!Atmosphere: Dark, dive-esque, while still maintaining a family friendly vibe. It felt nice and homey.. I was digging it. Service: Attentive and polite, can't complainFood: So to preface this.. there were only 2 of us, but we needed to get up to $35 to use our $25 gift certificate. Being this is a reasonably priced dive type place, we ended up ordering nearly everything on the menu (or so it felt!). Wings ($9.95/lb): We ordered ours mild, which I think in Johnny Mac's world means "no sauce" or "flavorless sauce". Despite our ordering mistake, the wings were damn good. I don't even like chicken wings, but these were perfectly fried and awesome. I can't wait to try some with sauce on them next time. Panini ($5.95 with chips): We tried the philly steak panini. I really enjoyed it. A philly steak panini is a genius idea if you ask me. Fiance complained it needed more cheese, but I thought it was perfectPizza ($5.99 for 2 slices with a soda): This was absolutely dripping with grease. My fiance loved it.. it wasn't my favorite, but I'd eat it again! I love pizza, but to me this was about average. Fries ($2.95): Fried to freaking perfection! These guys know how to work their deep frier. Homemade garlic bread ($4.25): This was a miss. Bland boring cold bread with a big slice of tomato with melted cheese on top. Ehh.. not so exciting or good. I expected the bread to be toasted at a minimum.Washed it all down with a couple of 20 oz miller lights ($3.25)All this was a mere $15 with tax and tip when dining with the gift certificate! I'll definitely be back during football season.
4	This place is a Henderson institution. It was around long before most of what makes up Henderson today even existed. And after a quarter century, the place is still going strong. Essentially, Johnny Mac's is a sports bar-type atmosphere that specializes in both Italian and American dishes. There are tons of TV screens showing a plethora of sporting events throughout the establishment. No matter where you are seated, be it a booth, a high-top table, or the bar, you're going to have a good-enough view of the action. While the place is a bit on the loud side (being a sports bar and all), there are glass dividers between the bar and the normal seating. This is a much-needed convenience I wish other similar establishments had. Ever since the (much needed!) restaurant smoking ban, I have seen more and more people bringing their complete families, including children, in the restaurant. And the employees are friendly and welcoming of them all. Perhaps the greatest surprise of all is that the food is very good! The ravioli and fettucine I have had here easily rival that of the so-called "higher class" restaurants around town. Really, I haven't had that many items here I didn't like (and the ones I didn't like were a matter of taste, nothing more.) I have only one complaint with Johnny Mac's - they ONLY serve soup in the fall/winter months. Sometimes, when I come into a restaurant, I am not that hungry, and just want to have a bowl of soup. This is a shame, because the soups they offer in those months are actually quite good. Seriously, how hard is it to serve soup all year round? But that's my ONLY major complaint. Johnny Mac's has been a part of Henderson for as long as I can remember, and I doubt it is going anywhere anytime soon. And that's all right with me. Good food and a fun, welcoming atmosphere make this one of the finest restaurants in "Old Henderson."
4	I honestly would have never even step foot in this restaurant had it not been recommended to me. From the outside it looks like a bleak, typical "hole in the wall" restaurant but inside's a different story! I learned about Johnny Mac's through my bf on Facebook and became a fan. We found out Wednesday nights are when all pizzas are half off (what a deal!) and WOW...let me tell you...this was the best pizza I have tasted in a long time. I am not a big sauce person but I loved theirs, the mozzarella was so stringy and delicious, the toppings were fresh and the crust was fluffy. Our pizza only came out to be $8!!! Not only that but my little one ordered spaghetti off their kids menu ($3.95) and I think I ended up eating more than she did. It also came with two yummy pieces of garlic bread which I kinda stole too. Oops ;)It is a sports bar and the fans get loud when games are on...which oddly made it a good choice for me to bring my 4 year old to this restaurant. I wasn't constantly telling her to keep her voice down which was nice. It is a kid friendly establishment and a really nice touch was  the white paper that were on the tables. The hostess gave her a cup of crayons and she went to town coloring the paper!I look forward to going back to this reaturant. I'm excited to try more of their dishes. I've learned, don't judge a book by it's cover...give Johnny Mac's a try. It will pleasantly surprise you!
4	Living in Henderson for 9 years now I have learned there are two sides to the city.  Green Valley and Old Henderson, and rarely do you need to venture to the other side.  In this case, because of Yelp, we took the drive to visit this place.  All the reviews below are accurate.  Its a great place to eat and take kids.  There is zero smoke in the air, the food is great, and kids can be loud.  The wings are some of the best I have ever had.  Full of meat and cooked perfectly.  What really surprised me was the panini.  We had a philly-steak and it was awesome.  Nicely cooked with plenty of flavor.  They serve Stella Artois  the exact way you should.  My kids loved the pizza and the other table's pies looked great.  The atmosphere reminded me of the great pubs back in the mid-west.  I would easily go back.
4	This is one of my "regular" eating spots.  It is a small bar/restaurant that serves some great food.  I have eaten just about everthing on the menu and all have been great. My favorite is the sausage and pasta, but very often Ill have to get the wing/pizza combo with friends.  here is a little hint, they make a thin crust pizza too, i just found this out.  Its my favorite pizza in henderson. Get the wings extra crispy there good too. They always have a good number of staff there always keep your drink full. Also the owner is from Buffalo so the wing sauce is real buffalo sauce.
5	Been eating at johnny mac's for as long as I can remember!! This place is a henderson land mark. Great food, friendly people, cant go wrong with ANYTHING on the menu, the wings are the best around, and the pizza is always great.
5	I have been going to Johnny Mac's since I was a sophmore in high school. ( there might have been dinosaurs  roaming the earth at that time ... but we will act like it is just yesterday.)Back in the day I would go and get two slices of pizza and a coke for lunch. My girlfriends and I would sit and listen to Madonna on the jukebox and chat . At that time Johnny Macs was a very small one room eatery.Since that time it has grown into an actual sports bar with pizza and wings, pasta and many other delicious food items that will keep you coming back for more.Now me? I am a creature of habit. I get the same thing EVERY time ... Not because I am afraid to try new things ... it is just because I am never disappointed with what I order. So ... last night was half price pizza night... SCORE!Mr. Abbott and I went and shared a pizza and a coke. The pizza was PERFECT.  The cheese was melty and just the right amount of sauce. I do mine up with a little parm and peppers... Honestly it doesn't need anything added. This is the same recipe John has used since he opened the doors. (I act like I know him ... I don't, but he is always there making sure that his customers are pleased)I watched one gentleman come in and John greeted him and the gentleman jokingly said "I will have a martini if YOU make it" John walked behind the counter and said "Coming right up"and made him a martini that the gentleman said was "To die for"I will take his word for it. You have to say something about a local place that keeps the same employees... for YEARS! it makes it feel like you are at cheers... or it is a family business. We don't get to eat pizza as often as we used to we may splurge like every three months or something ... (stupid healthy eating getting in the way)But when we want pizza we don't go anywhere else. and If I want wings... I would get them here to. Totally unique and traditional buffalo taste that is perfectly blended. I can't say enough good things... but honestly... you should try it for yourself :)
4	I've been here twice, and my wife and I have only ordered burgers.  They are probably the best burgers I've had in the Las Vegas valley (I haven't been to any of the fancy-pants burger places on the Strip).  A few of the burgers have a cheddar cheese spread that is probably little more than Cheez Whiz, but it makes for a fantastically gooey burger.  The prices are good, the portions are more than generous, and it's a fairly nice environment that is family friendly even though the place has a bar atmosphere.  The pizza looks good, but I haven't tried it yet.The only negative thing I can say is that the draft beer selection isn't all that great, but whatever.I don't know if it's worth driving all the way across the city to come here, but it's a terrific place to go for food for people who live in the Henderson area.
3	spotted them next to my auto parts store and I was famished. Ordered a meatball sub togo and it was great. homemade meatballs, nice marinara, plenty of cheese and nice crispy italian roll. put me in a good mood and made installing my alternator  much easier.
4	Great place, I searched for best chicken wings in Henderson and this popped up.  Read the reviews and thought we'd give it a try.  Wow on the way out a young lady called Lou was super friendly and told us how to get the chicken wings next time:  "Double Bake"  Apparently the chefs will know what it means.  They dip them in hot sauce (which is very hot by the way, we had it with our pizza (yes we meant to have only wings but it was half off pizza night)  So apparently, the "double bake" is wings in hot sauce that get run through the pizza oven.  Also, the wings we had tonight were "Mild" and "extra crispy."  A great combination, although not as saucy as you would expect, the balance of flavors was superb.  Will eat again.
5	If I lived anywhere near this neighborhood, this would be my haunt.  Went in with a friend for pizza, wings, and beer.  We ordered the little henderson special - a one-topping pizza and 2 lbs of wings for $29. First the wings.  I don't even really like wings, but my friend insisted.  Friggin' yum.  Cooked perfectly - I had the hot with the hottest sauce on the side - these are hands-down the best wings I have ever had.  And the hottest sauce was incredibly intense YET tasty.  Pizza gets high marks, too - perfect crust and sauce, and the edges of the pepperoni were crispy, just the way I like it.  The only bummer was a disappointing beer selection, but I settled for a Sam Adams.
2	So disappointing! I heard such great things about Johnny Mac's but after having pizza there for dinner, I am far from impressed...I went in with my husband on a Monday night. We were seated in a booth that had ice on the seat, leaving me with a lovely wet spot on my ass. The hostess asked what we would like to drink but didn't know what beers they had. Perhaps management should consider not having drink orders taken by a young girl that doesn't even appear to be old enough to serve liquor...? A second employee came by with our waters a few minutes later. We looked over the menu, waiting for one of the multiple waitresses that walked by to stop and acknowledge us. Finally someone came over, gave us an excuse about how no one knew whose table we were, and took our order. We went with a large mushroom pizza. I debated getting wings since I heard such good things about them but decided to pass. The pizza didn't take long to come out, it felt like we waited longer to order then we did for the food. Upon first glance, the pizza was all good. Nice thin crust that was golden brown, lots of cheese, plenty of mushrooms. The cheese was tasty, as were the mushrooms. The crust was like rubber though, when I picked up a piece to try to take a bite it flopped over. The only part of the crust with any crunch to it was the edges. Pretty disappointing. If I had never heard of Johnny Mac's, this would be my first and only time visiting. Since I live nearby I will probably give them another shot sooner or later... Everyone has an off night at some point, right?
5	OMG this place has the most amazing wings.  the pizza is so,so, but the wings are great! the watermelon bbq is probably the best bbq sauce I have ever tasted. and I hate BBq sauce.  The wings are for sure award winning.
2	This place was alright. We came here on a Saturday afternoon. It was semi-full but there was a lot of people waiting on to-go orders. I pictured this place more bar and less restaurant. It was the opposite. they had several TV's and my pet-peeve. NO VOLUME why even have a tv in the 1st place? OMG if you've read my reviews you know that is a deal killer for me. and I'll end up somewhere else. We ordered wings and 2 salads. This must have annoyed this waitress b/c we never saw her again? she spent the ENTIRE time kissing the next table's ass. .and I mean giggling like a teenager at everything this table's patrons had to say, and would by pass us like nothing. my bf finally said I guess my empty glass is invisible?  I figured it must have been. When we finally did get her attn and flagged her down to get the check - her whole tone changed. I guess the high pitched giggly tone and helpful attitude was reserved only for certain tables and ours wasnt up. Maybe we didnt spend enough? sorry but I'm only going to order what I'm willing to actually eat. WINGS: The wings were ok. we ordered HOT and garlic cilantro. The garlic cilantro had ZERO flavor. I was really disappointed b/c I like both A LOT. garlic is up there w/ salt & pepper in my household. The hot good though, but they were very very very VERY greasy. I think i used every napkin in the place. more napkins than BWW or HOOters cant be good in the calorie dept. and the taste wasnt that far above and beyond so IMHO the nxt time I go I'll probably try something else, and maybe get it to go to avoid bad waitressing.
3	I fluctuated between 3 stars and 4 stars because I think they're a 3.5 if you take into account 3 means "A-OK" and 4 means "Yay! I'm a fan!"So consider me a 3.5 which would be, "The food was good with a lot of potential to be great and I really WANT to be a fan."The review stats are interesting & always help put a perspective on things. For instance on Johnny Mac's, 2/3rds of the reviews are 4-5 star. 1/3 of all reviews are 3 stars and under. So that basically means 1/3 of all reviewers were not happy with their experience in some way, but the majority were. Also of the total amount of their reviews, 1/3 are by Henderson locals. The graphed trend for 2011 is going down. Of the 5 reviews for 2011 thus far, 50% are 3 stars or less & complain about service. Not sure why this trend is happening there. So enough about number crunching their stats, how about the nitty gritty of my own review?So how did I arrive at a 3.5? Details below.---------------------------------------Our table ordered a Jalapeno Cheeseburger w/fries for $8.95 and the 2  slices of pepperoni(or cheese) with a soda for $5.99. The main points are this:1) The food runs from good to outstanding depending on what you order. 2) The service is spottyWhat this means is you'll have to know what to order in order to have a fantastic meal, and you'll have to forgive the spotty service. Think of it as offering BAR service, NOT restaurant service. Just flag down a server whenever you need something, because are always busy. Do not expect automatic drink refills, asking if you need anything, if you want dessert  or to have your plate removed after you are done. If you get it, great! If not, remember 30 percent of all their reviews talk about the food and/or spotty service. So just don't be surprised when it happens to you. There is a good chance it will. Just learn what to order and lower your dine-in service standards.The spotty service does irritate me but depending on mood I'll still eat here. How I adjust for it, is in the tip. I tipped 15% this last time but wanted to tip 10% because my server literally did the bare minimum. I didn't but should have. I just always feel weird tipping only 10% but if it happens again I will. We entered and stood for a few minutes because the servers were busy. We offered to seat ourselves at a high table instead of standing around. No big deal, it's a casual place. After about 5 minutes we got our menus and gave drink orders. Our order took 15 minutes. The burger patty(med well), cheese sauce, bread and fries were A+. The jalepeno slices on the bottom made the bun fall apart when I held it because the juice soaked the bun and made it taste overly vinegary. So I ate the burger with a fork and knife open faced style and disgarded the bottom bun. If you order this ask for jalapenos on the side.The fries are aweeeesome. There were none left when I was done. Lots of crispies. Yum yum give me some.I don't have an opinion on the pizza because it wasn't mine, but they loved it and ate it all. Just FYI, when you order the 2 slice deal, the pizzas are baked whole and sliced then stored in a 3 tiered rotating, heated, glass display. They are not cooked to order.Total came to $16.15 with tax...but with tip was almost $20. Ouch. Right now with the lack of service I don't think paying full price here is worth it. There are lots of other places I can go for 1 burger & 2 slices of pizza for 20 bucks and get a better experience.HOWEVER, on a half off pizza night or coming with a coupon would be worth it because for a discount I am willing to overlook the lack of service. When we got the bill, that is the only time our server, Jemma/Gemma, came back to our table after delivering the food.If you're here to watch sports for lunch you're out of luck. They have all of the TVs on but volume on zero with NO SUBTITLES. Music plays in the background (80s-90s laidback mix). There is a full bar.  ==============================If I could figure out, what they are known for, I can see this review becoming 4 stars. They really are good for basic bar food.  Tips:-Order the fries over the onion rings.-order the regular burger over angus (I've had both and angus is too mild. it's juicy but the beef taste is stronger on the reg. burgers.-order wings but if you don't want dry wings, perhaps order extra sauce. A lot of the reviews say the mild is tasteless. Perhaps order medium. People also seem to really like the hot. Expect less sauce than you would get at other places but the wings are meaty. You can also order these "double baked" which means they bake them in the pizza oven after deep frying. I assume this sets the sauce better? I have no idea.-Order the pizza, and also try the thin crust. (i'm a fan of thin crust and will try this next time)-Remember that wed night is half off pizza night
5	Been to Johnny Mac's a few times, had the ribs smothered with the watermelon BBQ sauce.  Very very good!!  I also tried a few of their burgers and they were kick ass!  Very messy but very very good.  My girlfriend is hooked on the teriyaki chicken fingers.  The service has been fantastic every time we visited this place.  The best time to go is during happy hour, better deal on drinks!
5	Johnny Mac's is a great local pub with some of the best food in town. The Big Vin is my favorite sandwich and I sometimes eat here 4 or 5 times a month, it's that good. The chicken wings are also some of the best you'll ever find and if you're in a daring mood try the Suicide flavor. It'll melt your tastebuds off your tongue.
2	Short and to the point... this place was kinda grungy but NOT in that good Seattle way, the food tasted ok but my ribs were cold in the middle, good pricing IF you get what you pay for (that might be a big IF), and the lady behind the bar was nice. I'm probably gonna go back to try the wings because I hear good things about them... we"ll see...
2	Went to Johnny Mac's for the first time yesterday after my husband raved about it. I love pizza so of course that is what we ordered along with wings (hot), fries and homemade garlic bread. I am not a wings person so I didnt try them but they definitely smelled hot! The fries were good (shoestring). The pizza was ok...I wouldnt go back just for the pizza. We had a party of 10 and did receive decent service. They include gratuity in the bill which was fine. All and all...I live in the aliante area and will not be traveling all the way over here just to have lunch or dinner. It was just OK.
5	I love this place. Their drink tastes are pretty inconsistent depending on who's making it. I have never not liked the drinks though. They have great pizza, amazing wings, big cheese burgers, and anti-pasta salad to die for.
5	OUTSTANDING.  Reason 1 -- The owner doesn't allow smokingIf you want to go to a sports bar in Las Vegas, you pretty much have to surrender to the fact that you will be breathing in "lowlife trash gas" a.k.a. cigarette smoke.  Johnny Macs is the only sports bar in the Vegas area (that I know of) that does not allow smoking.  For that reason, it is a sports bar where people bring their kids.  It is nice to go watch a game with the whole family, and not feel like you're giving your kids cancer or feel like you need a shower after you are done.  Reason 2 -- the foodI am not from Buffalo, but my wife is.  So is the owner.  They bring in Beef on Weck, YUM.  The wings impress even the most hard core Buffalonians.  The ribs are outstanding too.  Everything I have eaten there was either off-the-charts delicious, or at least good enough (the antipasto salad, for example, is something that you really can't improve on -- it is what it is).  Reason 3 -- The ServiceEvery time I have been there, the staff has been attentive without being annoying.  Every time, the owner comes by at least once to make sure that you're happy with your food and your service.  This has happened to me whether it was a slow Monday night or a super-busy Sunday afternoon when the Bills are playing.Reason 4 -- GREAT place to watch a game.First off, if you hate the Buffalo Bills, stay out of this place.  This is a shrine to the Bills, and you better be ready to tolerate it.  I am a die hard New England Patriots fan, and I've never felt unwelcome in the place -- even when wearing my Steve Grogan jersey.  Even watching the Bills play the Patriots, people were cool.  But, if I were a Bills fan, I'd be here every sunday.  Even a non-Bills fan will enjoy it though.  All in all, this is a great sports bar, where you can bring your family or just come on your own.  I could not recommend it more highly.
4	Awesome wings, good pizza, good enough service...nice overall neighborhood pub...
4	This is a really nice neighborhood bar and restaurant.  It is a great place to watch the game.  It's also a great place to bring the family for pizza and wings.  The staff is really friendly and very accommodating.  I like everything on the menu.  The wings are their specialty, but the pizza is really good too.Last time I was there was with a large group of friends.  We were able to feed 12 people for $150 including drinks and gratuity.  We all left full and had food left over.  You can't beat a value like that.
2	Awful.I was initially attracted by the picture outside that had a rack of mouth-watering ribs (which, by the way, looks nothing like the actual product).  I'm so glad I only ordered the half rack, because I found the "watermelon" BBQ sauce nauseating.  It lacks any sort of intensity or flavor, so it was almost like I was eating the ribs naked, which essentially tastes like bland pork.However, I did see the people next to me eating wings and they looked a helluva lot better than what I ordered, so maybe I might go back and try something else.  But not soon, because I inadvertently under-tipped my waiter by miscalculating the total cost (I had only brought cash).  Oh well.
4	Stopped in tonight from a friends recommendation. From the outside it doesn't look like much but on the inside is a nice sports bar meets small Italian booth style restaurant. Today was half price pizza day so we ordered that and it was really good as well as the service!
2	CHILD PLEASE! I'm from Chicago and I know pizza so I say this without pause. This pizza is a glorified little ceasars or pizzahut . Otherwise this is just a normal joint in the hood. Nothing special as far as pizza is concerned. I was critical of the pizza because it was supossed to be this great place for pizza , but its not!
4	This place is a sports bar / restaurant / family restaurant. It's hard for a place like this to stand out when there are so many similar such businesses littered throughout clark county. I would say however that most of them don't have the family restaurant aspect-- it was full of familes with their kids. I would also say that most of them don't serve food as good as this place does.Twenty six plus years in the restaurant business and it shows. Definitely the best pizza I have ever tasted in any sports-bar/bar establishment.  I guess they make their own dough daily. We were a group of six so we decided the Henderson special was the best way to go. It ended up being a very affordable deal and we still had left over wings. We tried mild, bbq, and scorching hot. The scorching hot sauce was fantastic-- spicy enough to burn but also offering some other tangy flavors-- they clearly make it themselves. They also make their own bbq sauce --which turned out to be the best bbq sauce I have ever tasted. I eat at buffalo wild wings quite often and can easily say that these wings are miles above those of the corporate competitors. The next time there is a sports game I will insist to my friends that we watch it here.
4	If you like wings, you'll love theirs.  Had the scorching wings double baked (baked, then fried I think)...all I know is they come out crispy and delicious.  Great flavor, good heat.   The fries however, need some help - over cooked, no salt, tasteless...but will be back for more wings.
5	I went to Johnny Macs on Sunday and here are my thoughts.  The food was perfect for a bar type of venue.  I had the Roast Beef on Weck, (a roast beef sandwich on a salty kaiser roll....it's a Buffalo thing), and it was fantastic.  The buffalo wings were great.  They had the right crispy texture on the outside with the meat nice and tender underneath.  The place is a "dive bar" but is very far from being a dive.  If I didn't live on the other side of town I'd be there all the time.  Regardless, I plan on going back any opportunity I get.
4	Two words Henderson Special. It has wings, pizza and salad for a very reasonable price. The wings are crisp and juicy, the sauce perfectly seasoned. The pizza is greasy and flimsy. The salad crisp and fresh. This is my favorite place for date night. I wish they delivered, but every time I call the driver isn't working :-( Service is slow, but who cares, give me my wings and leave me alone. It's as close to perfection as any sports bar will ever get in my life.
5	Great pizza and wings!!!
4	If you want Pizza, wings and beer this is the place to go. The Pizza is always served hot and tasty. The price is reasonable as well. The staff is generally very attentive to your needs and always friendly. They have a multitude of TV's that are viewable from just about anywhere in the joint and are always willing to change the channel on a TV near you if you want to watch a different sporting event than the one they have on. The chicken wings are not as good as they used to be several years ago, but still darn tasty. Years ago they had more of a vinegar based sauce than today, but none the less are nice and tasty. If you want an adventure go with the suicide wings, if you are not as adventurous then go with the mild as they have little if any heat to them, but are fried up and have a wonderful flavor to them.We have not tried many other things on the menu beyond the pizza, wings and an occasional salad. The few items we have tried are tasty, but not what I would call outstanding. Then again, they are about what you would expect from a place that is known for pizza, wings and beer. ** Note the "outdoor seating" is  a couple of bistro chairs and tables on the sidewalk next to the parking lot and faces west so it is rather hot. I do not recommend the outdoor seating.
5	We have been coming here for years whenever we need a pizza and wings fix.  We usually go with another couple and get the Henderson Special which is a large pizza and a pound of wings. We split the flavors on the wings and it is more than enough food for 4 people. What makes the wings special is they broast them. This gives them their signature crispiness. I myself hate slimy wings so this place is perfect for me. The last few times I have gone I had noticed the wings weren't as crispy as they normally were (bordering on slimy-yuck). When I mentioned this to the server she said to just let them know when the order is placed that I want the wings extra crispy. Apparently there are different degrees of broasting.
4	I love Johnny Mac's. But.....they need to be clear on their wing portions. Last time I was there I ordered 3 lbs of wings for my table which stated 24-28 wings. When they brought the wings out it was about 16 wings which is what is stated in the 2lbs. So, be careful. Mr. Mac is getting a little tight on his products. But, the food is amazing.
3	Johnny Mac's use to be a great hole in the wall in old Henderson, but they raised their prices and now they are too expensive.  You use to be able to get a good drink and a good meal for a decent price, but I went there recently and they charged $11 for a long island ice tea and a plate of ribs for $22!  Really?  It's not like they are fine dining.  It cheaper to eat at Town's Square.
5	Holy cow amazing!!!! Awesome onion rings and wings!!! The burger was perfection, Destinee big cups best cups ever!!!!! & amazing customer service
5	Love this place! Great Employees and Great Food!  We normally stop by every Friday:):). Thx Johnny fabulous wings!!!
4	A little hole in the wall.  Always very friendly service and easily the best wings in town.  Great value and had the pizza a few times which is also good - but come for some cold beer, good service and great wings!
5	Awesome! Pizza and zucchini and mozzarella sticks.  Great service always!!!!!
5	I am giving this place 5 stars for the wings and boneless strips.  They are awesome!!!  I usually order them with the SUICIDE sauce which is VERY HOT, but has a lot of flavor as well.  Ive been going to this place for about the last 20 years or longer.  I do think the pizza is a little expensive, but it is also very good.
4	We stopped in for a bite after a long drive while moving from Oregon to Phoenix. We were super excited to find this little gem where we could order some food and have a drink. We decided to get the Henderson Special which was 5lbs of wings and a Lg pizza. Both were delicious and there was way more then enough food!  The only downside was the service was a little slow, but the place was packed. We will definitely be back on one of our return trips to the area.
4	So happy I FINALLY talked my boyfriend into going here. I used to grub here at least once a week when I worked up at the lake. Bar food yes, but way more than that. Sandwiches and fresh pastas. Daily specials that you can almost never go wrong with. I've had a meatloaf sandwich as a special, chicken Marsala and omg the egg fettuccine noodles were so yummy. Fish fry Fridays. Good service, not AMAZING but it seems like a family style spot with a decent crew. Not a chain joint, and did I mention they have watermelon wings? Minors are allowed in the restaurant area, I've yet to check out the bar but the bartenders were all young and attractive. Seems like it would be a cool place to watch a game, unless your going against the team playing the Bills, cuz this is def a buffalo bar!
3	Overpriced beers, slow service, tasty food
5	Don't judge the place by the area. It is a great place to eat.
4	Best wings, bar none.  The wings and all of the different sauces make this a place to go.  The great thing about the wings too is that you can get a whole lot of them, like 10lbs of wings, that is just great to order by the pound.  The pizza is not all that great and the sandwiches are dry and not overly appealing but those wings truly are amazing, Have I mentioned that I like the wings yet?  Because I really do.  The rest of the place is hit or miss, the location is also not great, way in the back of a strip mall/shopping center thing.  But once inside you do not really mind the location.
4	I heard some amazing things about this place.  A group of us decided to come to Johnny Mac's after helping out another friend move.  We were hungry!When you drive up, it doesn't look like a big place.  It's located in an awkward strip mall next to Smith's grocery store.  Even when you walk it, the hostess station area is super small.  It didn't help that there were a lot of people waiting.  We were originally told it was going to take 45 minutes for a table.  We waited for a few minutes and then decided to leave.  Great thing was, they caught us on the way out and said they had a table open up.  Great!  Once we turned the corner, I was surprised that the place is a lot bigger than I originally thought. The lighting is low and intimate.  There are a lot of tables and lots of bar space with a plethora of TVs.  Since our party was about 8 folks, we decided to get a couple of the Henderson specials for a little under $40 a special.  This special came with a whole pizza and a tons of chicken wings.  Trust me, it's a lot of food!  Our combined stomachs could not finish this meal.  The chicken was super crispy.  We ordered the mild wings.  It came with ranch that obviously enhanced the flavor of the chicken.  The pizza for me was a little oily.  Still a great meal!I'm really going to return to this place.  I love the family feel this place offers.  It's a little slice of Italy and really acts as a double ambiance for me.  On one hand, it's great for families and big groups.  On the other hand, it's intimate enough for a nice date with that special someone.  If you're in the area, please come and see what this place is all about.  You'll be just as pleasantly surprised as I was!
3	I'm torn. The first time I came here I would have given this place a 5. It's one of those little gems that you find where the food is good and the service is better. But the second time I came I was less than pleased. The food was okay and the service was horrible. The boy who served us was just never there. I never got a refill on my water and we waited for 10 minutes to receive our check until I just finally got up and went to the front to pay and leave.I'm not sure if I'll come back.
5	We had heard about this place from a friend of mine's nephew who works there and told us to come check it out. This was back in December of 2012 and we just never got around to it. Then a few days ago we were talking about going out there to try it, but had forgotten the name! Literally the very next day we were out running errands in the area and were looking for a place to eat, so I hopped on Yelp and started finding something with good reviews that was relatively close. Saw the name and recognized that it was the place we were just talking about the day earlier! So we popped in! My husband had a burger and onion rings and loved it! I had the grilled chicken sandwich and it was to die for! I am not a big burger fan, but my husband is so it's nice that we have found a place that has a lot of options and a good burger!To top it off the service was fantastic! Every waiter/tress in our area plus others checked on us many times and the food came out quickly.
4	I love this place. I had bad service once, but after coming back with my parents they had gotten it together. The food is always good, the drinks are fantastic and it has a homey comfy feel that really allows you to relax. I will be a forever customer.
5	Every time we visit Vegas, Johnny Mac's is always a must for great pizza and wings. Good for kids too.
5	Good food and service - only complaint was the lighting was a little too dark
5	This is a real find! The food was very tasty & reasonable, the wait staff friendly. Lots of people there but it wasn't noisy. Great atmosphere. Wish we had one in NLV!
2	Very dive-y looking in the front.We decided to try it out a few months ago when I was pregnant.Wasn't terribly impressed. We ordered a meat plate/sampler, that just had the meat and cheese thrown on there. When our pizza finally came, there was a pool of grease sitting on top of it. I've had it better frozen, out of a box.For whatever reason, we decided to give them a second chance, with delivery, about a month later.There was a mile long black hair baked into our pizza. NO thanks, never again.
5	AHHHHH-MAZING!! I called in for pick-up and ordered a pasta dish with a pound of wings. The smell on the drive home tempted me so much. The food was great and the wings were perfection. Being from the east coast -- I know wings and these were amazing. Will definitely order from them again and hopefully stop by and hang out inside soon.
5	Love that place, pizza and wings are amazing
3	I had really high hope for this place.  Walked in around 2pm.  We thought it would be the perfect time to try this place when it's not too busy.  Standing there...  standing there.  We had to wait about 5 minutes for someone to acknowledge we were there and tell us just to sit wherever.  Hmm.  Ok. Luckily the bartender/waitress came over right away and got our drink order.  We decided to split some wings since many of the yelpers loved them.  Now I don't know if it was an off day for them, but our wings were way over done. They seemed dry and tough.  Bummer man. I had really high hopes for them since my husband loves wings.Saving grace was my turkey, bacon and avocado sandwich.  It was huge!  The meat was stacked so high that I couldn't open my mouth wide enough to take a bite.  They accompanied the sandwich with so many fries that I couldn't finish them all.  This portion of my visit was fantastic.Other than my sandwich, the rest (service and wings) was just ok.  I'm always one to give places a second chance.  Maybe our next visit will be better.
1	This place has gone down hill during the past year. I used to go there quite frequently before as the food used to be good. I ordered some take out recently during the middle of the day and was very disappointed with this place. The pizza was overly salty, the crust was hard and tasted very bad. The wings were stringy and had fishy smell. The chicken sandwich was semi-OK, but the sauce was horrible. And the pasta! They put some red colored "sauce" which cannot be from a jar as even jar sauce tastes better than that.  The staff was not too friendly either, the middle aged lady at the counter greeted us with a very unfriendly bark.Very bad experience, and definitely not going back.
5	Just happened across this place while visiting Henderson. Loved everything about it. Pasta was really good, atmosphere was nice, but, most of all, everyone who worked there seemed to be having a good time. Highly recommended!
3	Pizza is pretty good for Vegas ...wings were ok. Good service. Loved this place as it was so close to home. Not bad
4	I've been going to Johnnys for around 20 years..  When you think of a " Buffalo bar " you think of great pizza and wings.  The pizza is waaaay better than a Pizza Hut or a Domino's. The Wings I think what makes Johnny Mac's a Buffalo Bar big plump amd delicious.  1 wing from here are 2 Wild Wings wing.   They even have great sandwiches they toast the bread and that makes them great.   Thanks for 30 years John!
4	Awesome food and staff.  We ate here during a baseball tournament and brought the whole team.  They accommodated the whole team and parents.  Pizza and wings combo was a hit.  Cheap beers and multiple TVs for sports watching.  Thank you for a great time.  Trisha was our server and was very curtious.
4	I get into this place about three times annually. Last night, a Wednesday, was the worst experience I've ever had here. Wenesdays are "all you can eat pasta" and "half price pizza". I've never been here for this apparent extravaganza. As you can imagine, "all you can eat" meant people camped out at their tables until pasta was falling out of their ears. We arrived at 6 pm expecting a short wait as normal due to the popularity of this place. We were told 15 minute wait time...35 minutes later we were at a table! After placing our normal order of pizza and wings, we quickly learned they were either understaffed or just plain slow. The wings were delish...there is no medium sauce...it's mild or hot, and the hot have a good bite to them. There are other sauce flavors for the aristocrat in you, but Buffalo wings (to me) mean heat. The pizza was somehow different than my last visit many months ago. Maybe a crust change? It wasn't that great and seemed soggy towards the pizza center. Overall I was disappointed especially because it was 8 pm before we departed. This was totally because of the wait at the door and server response. Everyone is very hospitable and pleasant though which takes the edge off for us impatient types. I'll be back...just not on a Wednesday at dinner time!
1	First time here, and the service was bad, they forgot to put our Oder in and that's only because we asked if it would be ready soon, this was 40 min later, never once came to our table to see if we needed refills or if everything was okay, never again will I come here
4	Our hostess Christine was courteous and double checked with chef if the items we ordered were vegetarian. We tried the pasta primavera and the alfredo fettuccine for kids. It was tasty nonetheless. The garlic bread was really good, we loved it. Great service as well.
5	Came with a friend a couple days ago to watch the game not really expecting much, but I was pleasantly surprised. At the beginning of the game, there was a couple of open seats at the bar, but by the end of the game the place was more or less full and everyone was having a great time.We ordered typical bar food, pizza and some wings, which was great and even though the bartender was swamped she never totally forgot about us which was also nice. All in all it was a typical local's bar with good food.  I wouldn't hesitate coming in for another game.
4	I love how close this place is to my home.  Good wings and the pizza looks really good.  My mother-in-law loved their mozzarella sticks, which they make in house.  :)
4	Oh boy, Hendertucky. There aren't  many culinary gems in this part of town. So when in Rome, go where the locals flock, and they seem to flock to Johnny Mac's. I used to live in Hendertucky when I first arrived in Vegas, (that was before the villainous Pizza Cat took over my body and soul) and the locals only have good things to say about Johnny Mac's. I never tried it before because their prices are high, 16" Cheese is $16 (what?). But after biting into a slice of my pepperoni pizza I can see why. They don't skimp on the toppings and it's loaded with good quality, stretchy, mozzarella cheese (stretchy means they don't skimp or they're using homemade, or both). Pizza Cat did not like their non-crispy, overly doughy crust, but Pizza Cat can go to hell. :)I wasn't in the mood for more food, so I asked for a Bahama Breeze, which was served in a huge glass, no skimping on the alcohol even though it was happy hour. The service was very friendly. The place is a bit divey but everything in Hendertucky is a bit divey. Overall, it's a local hangout, but the good service bumped it up +1 stars. I like dives. Support your local economy!
5	Friend recommend this place to me over a year ago and I love it. It's a small bar in Henderson. Best pizza in town I think. Always packed but I've always have great service. The owner or manager comes out once on a while and ask how everything is. Bartenders are really nice, chit chatting with everyone.
4	We've been coming to Johnny Mac's ever since we moved to Henderson over 7 years ago.  We ordered Johnny Mac's for Super Bowl 48, and it was then I realized I'd never yelped about Johnny Mac's.  So, I had to remedy that....Johnny Mac's is what neighborhood bars should be.  It's decently spacious with a good selection of booths, tables, and the bar.  We typically get pizza/wings/chicken fingers to go and usually get sandwiches or some sort of pasta when we eat in.  My favorite sandwich is the Johnny Mac Chicken, which is chicken fingers covered in hot wing sauce, cheese, and baked.  It's large too, you certainly get your money's worth.The pizza is cheesy and the toppings are plentiful.  It's not a thin crust, but it's certainly not thick.  Somewhere in the middle.  It could have more crunch for me, but I think if they did that it would burn.  So, I'm fine with it.  The wife gets the chicken tenders a lot.  Her favorite sauce is the watermelon BBQ.  This has some actual watermelon in it, which gives the sauce texture and helps it adhere to the chicken better.  Also, the watermelon gives it a sweetness that is different than other sweet BBQ sauces.  The garlic cilantro has a ton of flavor, but it's thinner.  This is another reason we tend to like the watermelon BBQ more.The wings are as advertised, large, and heavily sauced.  I love their hot sauce, it's a classic wing flavor with enough heat so you know it but not so much that your mouth is scalded and you don't enjoy your meal.  I recommend this joint for eating in and taking out.  It's a great neighborhood bar, and you get good value for your money.
4	This place knows how to make a pizza. Perfect amount of sauce and toppings.The Fettuccini Alfredo, leaves something to be desired. I don't know what it was about it, but it just wasn't what I expected.Busy on a Friday night (to be expected at a restaurant / Bar), but very accommodating when I wanted to change my Dine in request to a To Go order.
2	Came here for St. Pattys day 2014. Had a burger which wasn't great. Tasted like fish. Meat was frozen, not fresh for sure. Also, ordered the burger without some toppings which we still on the burger when it had arrived. The service wasn't on top of their guests and took forever to get anything that we needed.
5	This is hands down the best chicken wings and pizza in town! Took my kids there and they loved it! A very family friendly place where you could also hang out with your friends shooting pool on a Friday night if you wanted to!
5	The suicide wings are the best tasting wings I have ever had. As a Fins fan I am proud to say go Buffalo.
5	It's cheers!!!! I've been coming here since they were new ( so was I) . I have never had pizza and fingers that compare . The best!!!!!! And it's quaint, and friendly. I only make it out to this neck of the woods about once per year now. But whenever I do... This is a MUST
1	What's very happy with the service. Sat at a table next to the bar for over 30 minutes and no service. No one ever came up to me about anything. Was pretty upset.
4	Awesome wings. Great burgers. Dont know about th he past reviews but the service was spot on.  Good times.
1	Just got home from picking up wings and a salad. Why would you pack a end of a bone?  Don't the employees look at the food before they serve it? No bueno.
5	We are from Minnesota and staying at Lake Las Vegas.  We happened to be in town during the NCAA Frozen Four and our alma mater was playing, North Dakota.  We wanted to find a place to watch the game and assumed hockey was probably not at the top of any list to watch at any local establishment.  We googled and found Johnny Mac's and actually emailed ahead of time to find out if they would play the game if we came.  They got back to us right away and told us to come on down!  We arrived early to get a good table and asked if they could put the game on.  They acknowledged our email and not only turned one TV to the game but three so we could have a birds eye view from every direction.  The owner Johnny came to our table and introduced himself and chatted for quite some time.  Very friendly, from Buffalo, NY so we knew the wings had to be good.  Once the game started he even turned the volume on so we could have the full experience.  Very accomodating.We literally ate our way through the game.  We had fried zucchini and 2 lbs of wings to start.  Best wings I have ever had!!  We ordered one pound with HOT sauce and one pound mild.  Crispy, delicious and the ranch and bleu cheese were on point.  We followed that up with pizza and fettucine alfredo.  The pizza was awesome!  We ordered the Mac's special and each slice was a meal in itself.  I added chicken and mushrooms to the fettucine alfredo and it was to die for.  The sauce was so good.  Everyone was eating off my plate.  Lastly we of course had to finish with desert.  We had the cookie and ice cream.  They make a from scratch cookie in a mini pie pan and top with ice cream and hot fudge.  Literally comes right from the oven to your table.  We were fighting over the last bite.The service was impeccable.  They tag team each table so you always get what you need very quickly.  You would ask the person checking on your table for a refill and it would show up moments later from a different server.  It is hard to master this model and they have.  Loved the local crowd.  Everyone that sat around us ended up talking with us and interested in hearing about the game.  We had everyone cheering for North Dakota by the time we left.  Other than being in Philadelphia for the actual game, there would be no where else I would have wanted to watch the game than at Johnny Macs!  We will definitely visit this place everytime we are in town.  Well done Johhny and team!  Great food, great people and a great experience.
4	Good pizza, great wings with unique flavor options.  Large portions on all of their food.  Great local business. **Will note that sometimes the service can be kind of on the slow end, but never to the point where I was frustrated.  I just don't come here when in a rush. :)
5	Awesome bar outside of the madness of the strip,   The pizzas are amazing as well as the burger selection,    Big doors open the restaurant up to a nice outside breezy setting.    The servers and bartenders are all friendly,  these are reasons why I'm in there once a week,
5	You've got to try the watermelon BBQ sauce on something. I had it on the wings and wish there was room for the ribs. Sounds weird at first but the watermelon isn't over powering or too sweet.
2	I have to say I don't see what you other Yelpers are so happy about.  I have went there twice in the last 30 days and am very disappointed.  The first time I had the wings and they were nothing special. The buffalo sauce is just Franks Red Hot.  Today I ordered a burger and an Ice tea.  The burger was so so. Obviously a frozen package beef pattie, definitely not fresh, and the side of ranch for my fries was not homemade either. The thing that really blows me away is the prices!  About $14 for a burger, fries and an ice tea, are you f*n kidding me?  Service is just so so, and food is very generic, unthaw and serve.  So don't waste your money, go somewhere that understands the value of FRESH, NONFROZEN products, and doesn't overcharge you for freezerburn!
4	we loved this place! had to grab dinner that night and found some great deals on food and drinks. they know how to make a whiskey ginger!  I'd only say the fish n chips need a looking at, good but maybe the oil temperature was off?  I'd get it again to compare for sure though!
1	Usually I would rate them 4. Service is always crappy but the good is always great. Well tonight we sat for 34 minutes without anyone checking in us. I finally grabbed someone and asked them to check our food and then the server magically appeared and said he hadn't forgot about us. At about 45 minutes they brought some of our food and some wrong food so we walked out.
5	I've been going to the restaurant for over 10yrs now. The food is always good & not over priced.i would recommend to anyone..
2	A friend and I use to go to the place all the time in HS. We use to buy coupon booklets from the Foothill HS Wrestlers. They always had a JM coupon in it... Brings back good memories.. Few months ago I had family in town and thought this would be a good place to go. WRONG. They forgot to write down my 15 ppl reservation.. We had to wait forever to be seated and then another forever for our food.  My dad loves the place and wanted to go there for his birthday.. Guess what, THEY GAVE OUR RESERVATION AWAY!! We weren't late.. Another big party (that they forgot to write down their reservation for) just so happened to show up before us. So they gave them our reservation! We had to wait for over an hour AGAIN! Then of course our food took awhile to get to us. I know we had a big group but it was a LONG time. Luckily our server (female) was great and very nice. She remembered my dad from last time (I thought that was cool).The food here is ok. Ranch is good. Fried zucchini & sauce ROCKS. Pizza OK. Family loves the watermelon & suicide sauce for the wings.Also, the place is too dark.
4	I love this place awesome sandwiches/ wings/ pizza  but SLOWWWWW SERVICE every time I've been in (even when it isn't busy) bummer.
5	Best chicken sandwich, antipasto salad, and wings in town! Great place to bring the family because of the non smoking enviornment :-) Absolutely love this place!
5	I am a fan of Johnny Mac's.  I haven't tried the pizza which everyone raves about, but I can tell you the chicken wings are awesome.  My wife and I ordered three different flavors of them and they were all fantastic.  We also ordered a spaghetti (substituted for ziti) and sausage dish.  It tasted great. Johnny Mac's is now officially my favorite restaurant in Henderson.  I will be stopping by whenever I am in town.
1	We stopped in on a Friday late morning.  Our intention was to have a couple bloody Mary's and hit the grocery store. When we walked in the owner was standing at a table in the bar area talking to a group of gentlemen. Nobody was behind the bar. We sat there for 7 minutes, watching employees mill about,  the owner talk to the table. Nobody approached us at all. When we got up to leave the owner was standing by the front counter and said "see you guys". Really?  Great customer service.  Needless to say we didn't say "see ya" back.
5	I love this place! The wait staff is so friendly, they make you feel like family and the food is great!Thanks guys
4	Always friendly regular wait staff, they recognize your return and seem to appreciate it. I've never not liked something I ordered.  Wait time is sometimes lengthy but a good environment and usually worth the wait. We'll continue to keep coming back!
5	We always go for the family night special. 5lbs wings,  large salad and large pizza. Service is spotty as you can have more than 1 person waiting on you.  They just added all new and more big screen tvs.
1	Food is popular and well known in the little town of Henderson. Service is horrible. Worst Ive seen, probably ever. Place is always packed to the walls busy, regardless of the horrible staff. They do deliver though, so If you want to try the food, (it's "Henderson good",  not rave-worthy) order some delivery.
5	I love this place. Great food, good energy, and really great staff. It's a Very unique and low key place to eat or have a drink after work for locals or for visitors. Thanks guys!
5	Drinks are amazing. ....... i had a special order martini and sandra took care of everything.  I will return again and again.  Food is fabulous also pizza, fries, burgers, and wings made our lunch the best lunch ever........
4	Service is awful. Servers have no rhythm and its ridiculous having 5 people ask you if you want something. Food is excellent! Tea is horrible. Soft drinks are flat. Water tastes like toilet water. Salad is excellent. Fingers excellent. Ravioli excellent. Philly and club excellent. Great atmosphere. Love the doors rolled up to get fresh air. No smoking even better!!!
3	Been here 4 times in the last 3 weeks.  I'll start with the positive..  The atmosphere is laid back, fun and kid friendly, and I love the doors in the front that go up.  The food is mediocre though and the red wine is UGHHHH..  I've had pizza, pasta, chicken fingers, a panini, salad and a chicken burger.  None of the food is bad tasting but also nothing to write home about.. The kid menu I thought was reasonable but last 2 times I noticed on our receipt it's $1 more than whats posted, NOT COOL!  I think that's the case with some other items on the menu as well.  MR J Mac... Please update your menu prices as a courtesy to the folks that keep you in business.  The service has not been good.  The servers are friendly for sure which is part of why we keep going back but its slow and very inattentive.  I think this place has GREAT potential to be one of our go to places (maybe even replace Metro Pizza in our family nights out) but maybe they need a bit more staff.  Also one of my biggest annoyances about pizza, salad and wing places is not having homemade ranch..  The ranch here sucks!!  It can't be homemade.  We will go back since its a friendly local place and we really want to patronize these types of restaurants and businesses.
2	Wings were over cooked and that's supposed to be one of their speciality's then when I sent them back the server told me dont worry we won't charge for the refire well yeah that's why it's a refire . Not a fan of their flavorless pizza and overly thick dough .
4	Tried Jonny Mac from reviews on Yelp, nice place,  great local bar and restaurant. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Tried the pizza, it was half off night. Nicely done good taste and quantity of toppings. Good beer selection, will try again if in the area, good family place and nice conversation with some local folks
5	Wish everyday was fish fry Friday !! That's when they make the Beer Battered Cod here. Flaky, light and fresh. Plus points for having Heinz Malt Vinegar for the condiment!Wish everyday was Beef Weck Saturday!! That's the only time they make Beef on a Weck here! It's Mr.B's favorite. Quality roast beef, thinly sliced, plied on a kummelweck roll. (yes they offer it on Friday too...shhh) Oh wish it was St Patricks Day everyday too! They dish out some awesome Irish dishes! The only time you can get  their delicious Corned Beef and Cabbage..All meat for burgers, sandwiches, even chicken if I'm not mistaken is all fresh, not frozen.So what else is good to order on the rest of the days?The BBQ SPARERIBS slathered in the bbq watermelon sauce. Ribs are slow baked and only a few of them each day so once it's gone it's gone! Broasting method used to make chicken wings! Says so on the menu too. The broasted method has less grease, results in plump, juicer chicken. I like both garlic parmesan and watermelon. People order these by the 5lb buckets though lately. What the heck! Also what the heck... Wednesdays this place is craaaaazy busy! Pizza day! Not sure what the promo is since I don't order pizza ...half off?..but my friends and family are willing to wait 30 minutes for a table to free up. Which leads me to mention that I've been holding off on this review for selfish reasons. #SorryNotSorry..lol...place has enough rave Yelp reviews and you guys are taking up my table! But congrats on getting People Love Us on Yelp..very cool JMac!The place to watch a football, baseball, basketball game if you ask me. Large TV screens everywhere so wherever you sit, you have a good view. Mr. B calls it the perfect Irishman's man cave! Complete with beer,sports memorabilia and taxidermy animal heads on the wood paneled walls. The restaurant sits  in the Smiths shopping center Friendly Donut House is a few doors down.  On nice days when there is no wind the doors slide out and we have fresh air and a lovely view of the parking lot.   Ive never had any problems with service in the 20+ times Ive been here. Even on the super busy nights, the JMac crew work as a team.  Youve got the host/hostess that seats you. Another person who takes your drink order and makes the rounds refilling your drinks, Your main server, another employee who makes the rounds to each table to see how everything is....sometimes John JMac himself is in the house and will come by to see how you are doing. Everyone is friendly and super tolerant of some of their senile elderly customers that are demanding. The vibe here is cool and has a locals feel to it. I don't mind sitting in the bar area here. Everyone is pretty chill and the bartenders are on top of things. Love that it's NON SMOKING and dining area is family friendly. It's no wonder why it's been around now for 31 years!
4	Johnny Mac's is a strip mall restaurant/bar one could drive by without even noticing- but you should take notice.  Most of the items we've had at Johnny Mac's have been fantastic and reasonably priced.  Another thing that makes this place is great is that it's smoke free.  Believe me, when you first walk in, you expect a cloud of smoke.If you're going for draft beer, consider the $10.50 pitcher to share.  It is a good deal and priced better than buying individual pints.Tonight we had the Beef on Weck special.  If you are not familiar with this Buffalo, NY specialty, it's thin cut roast beef on a toasted kimmelweck roll with a side of au jus.  Johnny's serves it with fries and a pickle.  I've now had this dish twice, and both times it was fantastic.  The meat could be a little rarer, but it is definitely tender and flavorful.  But, to me, this sandwich is all about the roll.  It makes the sandwich superb.We also had the wings tonight, but they were out of the watermelon BBQ sauce I love and the wings were not crispy tonight.  I am not a fan of chewy skin on my wings, so I took a pass on the rest after one bite.After coming for dinner multiple times and take out (pizza) a couple times, I would definitely recommend it to others and will be back.
2	$12 for a tiny Beef on Weck sandwich and fries... $11 for a pound of wings (that's about 7 wings)...$18.25 for a large cheese and pepperoni pizza... Overpriced bar food to say the least.
5	Good food and right next to where I work ... So have a few drinks watch a game and see me at all about you salon for a haircut ..... I'm 34 years experience up to date on cut  fades and styles and color... Ask for Lauren....have a merry Christmas and a happy new year all...
3	With restaurant.com coupon in hand I came here with friends for some pizza and wings. I had my heart set on the watermelon sauce. We took a long time looking over the menu deciding what we wanted to order. Once our waitress came she dashed our hopes by not only letting us know they were out of the watermelon sauce, they were also out of chicken breast for the pasta we wanted.Take two on ordering. We were disappointed but decided on the half rack of ribs, large pizza with meatballs and wings with garlic cilantro, bbq and lemon pepper. The ribs were ok. The sauce was good but the meat was a little on the dry side. I enjoyed the cole slaw quite a bit. The pizza had good flavor and I enjoyed the meatballs, but the sauce was sweeter than I would have liked and the crust would have been better if it was a little more well done. The wing sauces were tasty, but the wings were a little overcooked for my taste.Service was spot on. Our server was incredibly pleasant and she was so sweet and attentive. I don't see myself going out of my way to try this place again, but it's decent if you're in the area. They advertise a pizza and wing buffet for $10 including a drink on Sunday which sounds like a great deal while you're watching the games.
3	Though the food is good, and we haven't been here for about 2 years, the wait service sucks.  My husband's diet coke was empty  must of the time. And we waited forever for a box to take home our food, I finally got the hostess to get us one. And waiting for the check is ridiculous.  Only come for the food and come with a lot of time.
4	Great service!! Great food!! The wings there are the best I have had anywhere.
4	Love this place-excellent dinners prepared fresh to order-amazing meals come out of the kitchen in this little dive (not to mention amazing pizza & wings-& I'm not even a wing person)! Servers & bartenders are super-friendly & they pour a mean drink like you would make for yourself at home!
4	Love this place-excellent dinners prepared fresh to order-amazing meals come out of the kitchen in this little dive (not to mention amazing pizza & wings-& I'm not even a wing person)! Servers & bartenders are super-friendly & they pour a mean drink like you would make for yourself at home! Great place for family & friends & they've got some new big screens!
