4	First off, I generally do not like most US. micro breweries. With that said this place is different- it's ALL about the beer, and they have done a great job. Cheers!
5	Love this place. Real ale!!!! Great beer and friendly service. A great way to spend an afternoon!
5	Great beer, good atmosphere, and friendly staff.Went there to attend a brewery tour, and was blown away by the quality and taste of thier beers.Nice place with an authentic German feel. No food served on a regular basis, although they do have a vendor come in sometimes to sell bratwurst and the like. The service is good, the waitresses are quite attentive on making sure you don't run out of beer. They have tours on Saturdays, which are interesting and informative. Kind of a small brewery right now, but well laid out and kept in order. Unfortunately, they only have two year round beers on tap, a Kolsch/Pilsner hybrid and an Altbeer. And only one seasonal at a time; at this time it was the summer seasonal. They haven't done any one offs or specialty beers to help fill out the tap list. It really is a nice place that is comfortable to hang out with some friends and have a few beers. The only complaint that I would have is the fact that there are only three beers on thier tap list at any given time, it would be nice to see at least four or five.
4	It's a nice little place to get some brew. The tour was basic and informative (given by a volunteer local beer brewing enthusiast). The brewery is a fun thing to do and a great place to take a visitor to enjoy some beer. The sad part was that there was no free sample after the tour which was kind of a let down. The tap room is nice. High ceiling, i'm guessing those were German flags in the rafters, a nice long corner bar and plenty of servers.  They only had 2 beers on tap at the moment (a third being tapped soon) i did enjoy the Copper more than the other choice. $3.50 for a pint.
5	I'm a sucker for microbreweries but this 5 star review goes beyond "cool because its local small business". The Copper is delicious, and I order it almost every time I have the opportunity (we also have one of their refillable carboys, so having this at home has become beyond cheap). 6 months ago, you could find it in a tiny handful of local restaurants and bars - now, there are upwards of 40 places serving OMB. Awesome.The Pilsner we sampled Saturday was good, too - tart, a little floral - and they're supposedly releasing a Bock this week. Which is also awesome.Additional awesomeness, and a reason to visit  - the space is open, airy, but comfy - high stools and tables, high backed booths, easy, friendly service. Despite being hidden in a somewhat industrialized area off of South blvd, I could hang here all day. Especially if they got some Veg Brauts out there on the cart.The tour was rad because, well, hey, you're surrounded by a sea of delicious beer, but other than that - it was interesting to learn that OMB imports all their grain from Germany, meaning that what goes into the brew is high quality stuffs. The tour was given (and is often given, says he) by a dude from the CLT Homebrewer's Association, awesome thing number gazillion.Our first microbrewery! Go and give them money, now.
5	The Copper is my new lover. No really, there's proof in an incriminating photo of me kissing a bottle of the stuff. It's delicious, so much so that the boy got a bottle to take back home with us. I also tried another "very hoppy" version, which wasn't quite to my tastes so I forget the name. If you like a lot of hops, though, you'd love that beer!I love that it's more traditional right down to the beer hall you sit in, and the staff is well-trained in German brew methods. I didn't get to go on a tour as there was a race in the morning followed by World Cup viewing in the afternoon, but I'd love to go behind the scenes and watch the beer brewing in action. Fantastic and wish it was as far south as Atlanta, though four hours away isn't too bad I suppose!
3	I want to love you. I really do.The Good: I like the decor. The brats were absolutely delicious (they don't always have food, some guy was selling the brats from a cart). The beer is good. The place gives Charlotte hope for a better craft brew scene.The Bad: The beer is average. They are not experimenting. I doubt it will take off. It isn't "special". The home brew from my friends is better. I know Charlotte has in it to be a great craft brew city. I want more breweries. I want to support more breweries. This is weak though.They also completely overcharge Copper when it is at Mac's or The Liberty. Seriously. The location isn't great- but I can totally get over that if they are willing to experiment a little more. I want to love it!
3	Really dug this place. I liked the feel of it -just a huge hall with tables in it -and the tour was very informative. It was nice to see where all they distribute their beer and have it on tap---seeing local businesses succeed always makes me happy. This would be a great place to take an out of towner who appreciates beer or to catch a game. I tried the Mecklenberger and Cooper and both were tasty with full flavor. They had a cart dude outside selling brats and dogs but think they could really capitalize on a menu inside (at least apps instead of just pretzels). Last time I checked drinking copious amounts of beer leads to food consumption. And who doesn't love bar food?
4	OMB is a great place to have some tasty beers and hang out with some friends.  The atmosphere is cool.  It's a wide open modern building with hardwood floors.  I tried their Mecktoberfest brew yesterday and it was delicious!  And I'm always a fan of the Copper as well.  The only downfall to this place for me is they don't serve any kind of snacks.  The hubby and I met with our university alumni group early in the evening but we didn't have a chance to eat beforehand.  I was starving by time we were finishing up our drinks and ready to leave, not to mention having beers on an empty stomach did a number on me.  We will definitely be back for more, but I'll make sure to eat first.
5	Great beer, nice atmosphere and a very informative staff.A brief chat with any of their staff will quickly inform you that this is a brewery were they brew German ales and lagers in a traditional German method, so there won't really be much 'experimenting' as some of the reviewers are complaining about. But what Mecklenburg does is make a very good beer in a city with almost no independent breweries.
5	First night living in Charlotte, and we hit up a pizza joint that was serving the seasonal Mecktoberfest.  I wanted to try something local, and this was it!  By far the best beer since the good Lord blessed us with fermentation!Smooth and crisp with an aroma that hits you as soon as you bring the glass up to your pie hole.  It doesn't leave you thirsty either, like some other micro's I've had.The amber lager is...redonkulous.  I'm dying to try the others, yet haven't been able to find the allusive OMB Copper...it's like Bigfoot; it's only been spotted a little while ago...Noosh!
5	Happy one year anniversary to OMB! Yes, indeed, one year of super fresh, super delicious beer made right here in Charlotte. And this is coming from someone who's not the biggest beer drinker. While I've had my share of OMB at some great Charlotte restaurants, I was really excited to go right to the source and hang out in their tap room for an evening. First off, it's a bit off the beaten path...if it's dark, just look for the strung lights on the patio. Regardless, the tap room is really cool - it sports super high ceilings, a smattering of tables and stools and just a really laid back vibe. When I went, they were serving up three different brews in all sorts of different sizes: half pints, pints, growlers etc. While they don't offer food right now, word on the street is that it's happening soon! Think fresh and tasty German fare served in a very casual way. I'm really excited to go back for a tour in the coming weeks as this is a great, great addition to Charlotte. For tasty beer in a cool space, belly on up to OMB.
5	I'll take a Copper please...no wait, a Mecktoberfest...but wait, maybe a Mecklenburger...hmmm...oh hell, I'll have one of each! I'm a huge fan of OMB. Have had in in restaurants for months (the cool places have the local stuff on draft!), but on my recent visit to the actual brewery I was in love. Keep in mind, this is a one year old brewery, so don't go expecting a gift shop and gourmet menu, etc. The OMB tap room makes you welcome by serving great beer in a cool environment. Tables all lined up for people to mingle and sit next to each other with some seating along the side. There is some seating outside too. If you haven't visited OMB before, October is a great time to do it. A little hard to find, but once you do, enjoy!
4	The only way to get fresher beer than this in Charlotte is to brew it yourself. From the Copper, to the Mecklenburger to their always changing seasonals, you can't go wrong with any of their beer selections. The ambiance is also great. While you drink your traditionally German brewed beer, you're transported to an old-world-style German pub. The tables are clean, the servers are friendly, and you're never left sitting there with an empty glass.
5	I have been a fan of OMB since a few months after they opened.  The Copper, their flagship beer, is delicious and is pretty easy to find these days.  They offer some other specials and seasonals, but they mainly just have about 3 to 4 beers to choose from.  The reason the variety is lacking is because they follow the German purity laws of 1516, so they don't add anything other than water, yeast, barley and hops, so they can adjust the flavor with those along with brewing technique.  I can't criticize it for not offering food, because it's a brewery and not a restaurant.  The staff and owners are friendly too.  It's a cool place, and a good place to take out of town visitors too, especially for the free tours on Saturday.  The only 'bad' thing is that it's dangerously close to work.
5	I'm into OMB.  I went to their brewery on Southside Dr last weekend and was able to go on one of their brewery tours.  Free tours happen on Sat at 2p, 3p, and 4p.  They started about 30 min late for our 2p tour - but I think that was to encourage product tasting beforehand in their "tap room."  The tap room is a great space.  It has nice vaulted ceilings, beer hall chandeliers, and wood paneling.  It is a very clean and comfortable space.  I wish it was in a more urban location versus a warehouse district - but it is still nice for a daytime adventure.  The tour itself lasted about 30 min and was interesting - mostly covering their history, production process, ingredients in their beers, and german purity laws that they adhere to.  Beer is reasonably priced there - though there are only 3 OM options served - Copper, Mecklenburger, and a seasonal pick.  There is also food, but it is more of an accompaniment to the beer and consists of things like brats and giant pretzels.
5	Great TRUE German style beers done right - FRESH! Made with care by a small team at OMB, the tap room has a great German feel to it and a comfort to it that makes it an ideal place for a few beers after work. No need to worry about parking, they've got a huge lot and there's no traffic or hassle getting there since it's right on Old Pineville Rd near Woodlawn!Tours of the brewhouse are free on Saturday @ 2, 3 and 4pm - definitely worth a check out if you're even mildly interested in the world's greatest beverage!
3	One would be unlikely to stumble upon this location. Camoflauged among several warehouse looking places on an inconspicuous road off of south Tryon, this spot is a brewery first and a place of consumption second. The latter is a small, beerhall style area with high ceilings, long tables and chandeliers. Service is present but could use some work - only after sitting with our beers for a good fifteen minutes did the bartender/server? inform us that she'd forgotten to put in our order until just then. The brats were tasty, served with yummy German inspired sides on a paper plate with plastic cutlery. As a fairly young brewery it is understandable that the beer selection is focused on the two very drinkable standards, copper and mecklenburger, and the rotating seasonal, in winter a dunkel. After noshing we waited for the brewery tour (free on Saturdays!). It started a bit late but we got the beer 101 treatment, and learned all about this young brewery's mantra: fresh beer, pure ingredients, no preservatives, all local. It's promising. Still, none of it's current brews stick out much to me - as a Belgian style/IPA fan, nothing was quite hoppy or spicy enough, although the dunkel has a satisfying roasted flavor. Maybe with some years and experimentation I'll find a beer to love from olde meck. Either way I'd say this spot is worth a visit.
3	I stopped in whiile traveling thru because I had heard good things about the beer.  I had their lightest beer, which seemed to have a bitter taste, but after my second glass it started to taste better.  I ordered a braut, it wasn't good.  The roll was cold and tasted stale.  The braut looked like it had been heated in a microwave, no grill or stove marks and it had a after taste.  My advise is to stick with the beer.  My partner had the Copper and seemed to really enjoy it.  Again, after the second glass.  I guess this stuff has to grow on you.
2	Olde Mecklenburg beer in the Dortmund-style takes some effort to warm up to. Sampled all three currently available the other night and each one had a VERY harsh initial taste. German beer by it's nature typically mellows the Hell out after three or four sips... but not this stuff. Rolled on a second Copper and it finally started to get a tad better. Their winter brew is simply awful. This is really not what a German beer is supposed to be doing to you. Ordered a bratwurst and while the actual brat was pretty decent it was served up luke warm on top of a cold flavorless white bun. Very sad to experience. Guessing they boil these as it had zero sear marks.Brewery itself is off in an industrial area very close to I-77. The tap room is done up nicely. Lots of wood and warmth but that only means you'll have to stay there and drink the product.Lastly make sure you MapQuest this place out for your visit because it'll take at least three employees to direct you there. Hopefully they'll replace the current brewmaster with someone that's had German beer before. May be just OK to pop in and check out quickly.
5	This place is awesome. I think it's a great place to take people who are in from out of town because I believe it represents the spirit of what the new Charlotte is all about. By that I mean that these guys are smart, entrepreneurial and not pretentious.The foodThey hand out free pretzel sticks, they aren't home made or even spectacular but they are a very important part of the experience. I also had a brat worst on a bun and it was fantastic. Sure I could have done it at home but for 4 bucks!? And free pretzels? Add that to the beer and I was a happy camper. The beer:they had 3 types on tap the Dunkel, the copper and a seasonal. All were tasty fresh and cold. The tour:Our guide was knowledgeable both about brewing and about the business it was really cool to hear the story about how they started and what the growth plans are. He was enjoying the beer with us as we walked so it felt just like visiting a friend at his or her business. The place:The area to have a beer isn't much to look at but it works. Outside is a fire pit which was really cool although the day we went it was too cold even for that. I hope to go again here in the spring and enjoy that part of the experience. Over all I just wish it was open more than it is as I work around the corner and would love to enjoy a brew after a hard day at the office.
4	I drink way less now than I used to at various times in my life.  And I was never a huge drinker of beer regardless.  Yet it is still nice to see that the Queen City has another local gem in the form of the OMB.Not the first brewery in the city limits by a long shot, yet definitely a different breed than the more corporate stylings of Hops, Rock Bottom or even the now-departed South End.  This is more akin to a winery, where you can see the inner workings - and even take a tour if you so choose - partaking of the product at the end.  Or even at the beginning, or skipping the tour entirely in favor of the suds.I get that the City of Charlotte has little in the way of country charm, or charm at all for that matter, having long ago forgone those details in the favor of building at all costs.  So the one downside is that the OMB is on a side road, in a very industrialized location that you are most assuredly not likely to find unless you really know where you are going, and even once you do, you probably will not be overwhelmed by the exterior of the building.  That is truly a shame.  Be patient, as the inside is not nice, but it is nicer than the outside by a large margin.
5	The bones of this brewery are classic in the pint-lifting sense: vaulted ceilings, lots of group seating, plenty of open space, three sizes available for all brews. I'd have not been super surprised to run into a few modern vikings here, arms akimbo, toasting into the night. Alas, this remains modern day North Carolina, where the breweries don't work the wee hours and where vikings aren't often in line to tread: we sauntered in here for roughly the last thirty minutes of open they had going down, and that was that. It's worth mentioning that the OMB offerings are pretty terrific by many microbrew standards, and I sipped my way through a couple of different sizes in the brief time we had. Definitely worth a gulp if you find yourself nearby.
5	After living in Germany for three years sometimes I'm in the mood for a beer garden. This place is pretty close. Good biergarten food and great beer! Check hours before you go because they're not open every day!
5	Awesome German beer hall atmosphere, and great German beers!!  This place is great, definitely worth stopping by and having a beer or  three.
1	I like the beer.  I was at a bar drinking the OMB beer and read the reviews of the Brewery and thought I'd try it out.  MISTAKE.  Only a dozen people there, 5 of which were 5yo and under running around making it their personal play pen.  The oblivious parents did nothing.  The kids were running between my legs and behind the bar.  I hinted to the one bimbos working there that it was very annoying and she just giggled.  Screw that!!!  I left with half of a pint of good beer going to waste.  A place that lets this go on deserves no business.  Oh...2 choices of beer.  Whooo hoo... back to the bar but never back here
5	Haven't made it to the actual brewery yet but i plan on it soon. There are two local bars that have there beers and im a huge fan of the OMB copper ale. It taste great and i love how local it is. I drink red oak often but love the fact that there is a brewery here in charlotte doing something right. Cant wait to come check it out.
5	OMB is great! The beer is awesome, the taproom is warm and inviting and the staff is very welcoming and helpful. The few (very few) bad reviews I've read on this site about OMB are ridiculous. The place is great! If you're a fan of fresh beer, then I recommend you get down there ASAP! Support local beer!
2	I'm a bit surprised by the positive reviews of this place. Yes, the beer hall atmosphere is nice, but when we went they only had 2 beers. 2 beers?! What kind of brewery only offers 2 beers? They had the signature OMB Copper and Captain Jack Pilsner. We both got the OMB Copper, which was just fine if not particularly unique. The pretzel another reviewer raved about was nothing more than a Superpretzel Soft Pretzel that you can get from the freezer section at Wal-Mart, and the brat wasn't much more impressive. I could see how it might be fun to come here with a big group for a tour and tasting, but don't think I'll be back any time soon...
5	If you love german beer, this is your new favorite place.  It should be noted that this is a brewery not a bar, so the food selection is limited and if you don't like beer well you better like water or soda.  We came down last year while visiting friends and now it is a must do when we are in Charlotte. Great place to grab a few pints and then take some growlers home so you can continue to enjoy the deliciousness.
5	David and I visited the Olde Mecklenburt Brewery last night for the first time to attend the Brewer's Ball  benefiting the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation. We enjoyed the Copper and Mecktoberfest.  We'll definitely be back to check it out again!
5	I too enjoyed a great night at OMB for the Brewer's Ball. What a fantastic venue (I look forward to touring soon). The place is well suited for medium to large crowds and had a nice porch area if you needed to get a bit more breathing room. Love the Mecktoberfest - it's very drinkable which is nice for a fall beer, because some can be a bit spice-heavy.
5	A brewery less than 5 minutes from my house... What can be better??? This small brewery puts out some really good beers. I am a pale ale kind of guy, but the copper and seasonals are quite tasty. The tour isn't too bad, but due to the size of the place, it is over quickly. This is a great place to go and grab an afternoon beer on the weekend without your typical bar scene.
5	We've been loving OMB beers for 2 years now, and are really glad that the full kitchen is now open! Head out on Friday night for beer, dinner, and live music, or Saturday afternoon for football and a tour. Also, be sure to get tickets for Mecktoberfest (October 1st, 2011) because that is a day of fun that you'll be sorry to miss.
5	I love good beer, and OMB is the best place to drink high quality beer in Charlotte. OMB has a great vibe, it has a lot of space and attentive employees. They have multiple beers, Copper, Mecklenburger, Captain Jack, and Mecktoberfest..are a few...some are light, some are darker. All the beers are smooth and have great flavor, just depends on what youre into that day. OMB even gives you free pretzels...A awesome place!
2	Visited OMB this past weekend for Mecktoberfest. The event has grown in size since we were there 2 years ago, so the outdoor tent was much bigger and food was included with the $25 price of admission, as were 2 beers. We were also given some sort of ticket for a prize drawing, which we never actually saw take place.There were only 3 beers on tap, Copper, Captain Jack and Mecktoberfest. It's disappointing to go for an all out "Oktoberfest" and get your choice of wow... Three whole beers. Captain Jack was way too hoppy and Mecktoberfest was too sweet, so I settled on Copper.The food was served by a catering company. I had the pulled pork which honestly, was the worst pulled pork I've ever eaten, anywhere. Baked beans from a can were also a disappointment. We purchased a pretzel later in the evening, which was cold. Definitely don't go to Mecktoberfest expecting decent food.Between dodging the cigar smoke everywhere outside, and the smell of feces inside (it was later reported by a guy in our group that someone had done something tremendously foul inside the men's bathroom - so over the top I can't even explain here) the evening would have been a bust if it wasn't for the company I was with. By 9PM the place seemed mostly empty, no one was outside and the band stopped playing, so we left.Overall, not nearly as enjoyable as our first visit to Mecktoberfest 2 years ago, which included much larger steins of beer instead of 21 ounce mugs. I'm not highly motivated to return to OMB for any events.
4	German style beer hall and German style brewing. That nicely sums up OMB. OMB makes several tasty varieties of german beers following the reinheitsgebot german purity laws. Though they are good at making the beers they make, their downfall will be sticking to the reinheitsgebot. Because they follow that, they have a small selection of beer compared to most micro breweries. That is disappointing because I believe they could have a pretty good lineup of beer if they expanded and only brewed their traditional german beers using the purity law. I also took the tour while I was there and it was informative and entertaining. I tend to travel the world on brewery at a time and am becoming a tour snob. This one does not disappoint. They cover everything a good tour should cover, you get to enjoy beer while on the tour (though it is beer you buy from the beer garden) and the tour guide was entertaining.
5	I have to say that I'm agreeing more and more with the people who say that OMB should stick to the purity laws for their staple beers and offer more of a variety of other beers.  The reason the purity laws began in the first place was so that brewers wouldn't add a whole bunch of filler and cheap ingredients to their beer.  Now, when microbreweries add stuff to a beer, it's for flavor, not filler.  I know most of the local breweries get along well, but people are almost always going to go where there are more choices. I'm not necessarily inclined to always go back to OMB for the same 3-5 beers I've already had. I say they should offer their "pure" beers and start experimenting with others.
5	Still 5 stars, but with some very worthy additions! 1) The Christmas Market is so much fun! Local merchants, delightful eats and, of course, plenty of beer. Fun for the whole family...except for the beer, if the kids are under age. 2) Their private room is fabulous. Check it out! I hear it fits about 80 people...company party anyone?!3) Live music! Over the summer and as of late, OMB has done a great job of hosting super cool events like a cornhole tournament and live music at the tasting room. Go. 4) Food. Yup. Now they have a bit of German food to stave off hunger while you're trying their super fresh beer. Brats and more from a very casual food window. Nom nom. Now I just gave you four more reasons to check out OMB if you haven't already. Prost!
5	We brought our friends from out of town with us for our first tour here and it was absolutely delightful, and delicious!  Our tour guide, Josh, was friendly, funny, knowledgeable and truly enjoys his job, as well as his beer!  My personal favorite beer of the day was Captain Jack.  I look forward to a "refresher" tour again in the near future.
4	Finally got back over to OMB the other night. Love this place! I'm a huge fan of Copper but I tried a couple others on Thursday that were pretty tasty. The Dunkel, a nice dark lager, was very nice. I also tried RPA and liked that one too. They've added a fire pit out front and have added a small kitchen inside (the first time I ever visited they had a guy outside cooking up brats). I didn't have any food while I was there but someone told me the brats were still out of this world. They also serve up the large pretzels. Located in an industial park between South Blvd & S. Tryon, it's a bit of a hall to get over there for me, but when I have a reason to be on that side of town, I'm always looking to stop by for a brew.
4	I've been to OMB a few times now for different events, most recently the Brewer's Ball & Christmas Market. While I'm not a big beer person ( If I was I think I would be in beer heaven ) If I was. It may take you a little while to find this spot, since it's down an odd street in Charlotte.I have to give it to this place and their marketing team for always having interesting and community/ local events.  What a huge selection of beer! You can even keep refilling you own beer jugs, how clever and environmentally friendly!I'll have to spot by during the summer months to catch some live music.
5	COPPER...need I say more?! Its worth buying a large bottle of the beer since the refills are so inexpensive! WOW! Make sure to get the tour and fun explanation of their brewing process. I dig the european concept and feel of the place. Its a good time had by all!
4	I am a fan of micro breweries and having local breweries when visiting an area.  The beers were very good. I had a flight (small glasses of the four beers for $3) that consisted of the Fruehbock, the Captain James Jack Pilsner, the OMB Copper and the Winter - Dunkel (dark) Lager. My favorite was the Dunkel, but I thought they were all delicious. I wish I had made it in time to go on the free brewery tour. I also like how they offer the ability to buy refillable growlers of their beer.
4	Had a random Tuesday afternoon free in Charlotte, so being the beer lover I am, I yelped breweries in the area and the OMB popped up.  They were open from 4 to 8pm and apparently Tuesday is pint night (discounted beers).  It was pretty easy to find, just look for all the cars!  I was doing this outing solo, so it was kind of nerve racking that there were so many people there, but I can't blame them....nice weather and good brews, I'd be there too if I lived in the area!  The inside is a big open room decorated in German beer hall style with picnic tables, and smaller tables for couples (or just me) with more seating outside.  I got a sampler platter of the 5 beers they had on tap.  Three ounce tastings of 5 beers for $3...not bad!  My favorite was the wheat, but they were all pretty good.  You can also buy growlers and have them refilled for a low cost, wish more bars would do this!  I checked out the menu, and reluctantly decided against the bratwurst panini....it looked good =)  They are open most evenings with free tours on Saturdays.  While being in a crowded brew hall solo was a little weird, I'm glad I ventured out to taste some of the beers Charlotte has to offer.  This place would be a great week day hang out for friends or family.
2	I was very disappointed.  A group of us went on a Friday night for live music.  They are in dire need of an interior decorator.  We felt awkward as soon as we walked in the door.  There were basically picnic benches for tables and nothing on the walls.  The beer was good but the atmosphere is lacking.
3	We decided to do a tour of the breweries in Charlotte and OMB was our first stop. First off, let me say that the atmosphere is absolutely incredible! I For those that have expressed a distaste for it, they need to recognize that OMB modeled their tasting room after a German beer hall. I  love the large spacious inside and the picnic tables outside are a real treat for the beautiful North Carolina days. It's also great that they have a food selection,  as opposed to many other breweries. However, I imagine that this might make them less likely to have food trucks as I've seen so often at other breweries. My major complaint with OMB was their beer selection and quality. I admire breweries with the balls to brew under the Reinheitsgebot, which is the German purity law allowing only water, barley, and hops. Provisional laws later allowed added yeast (at the time its role wasn't recognized in the brewing process despite its presence), wheat malt, and cane sugar. However, I truly feel that brewing under these requirements can stifle creativity and the flavor creations that can come from the use of other adjuncts. Despite trying their flight and sipping on a few, I was disappointed in their beer selection.
5	This is the home some of the best craft beer in Charlotte.  At Olde Meck, it is obvious that the focus is on quality as it is evident in every brew.  You won't find more than 4 or 5 beers on draft but they are all tasty.  Each one is served in the appropriate drinking vessel for that variety of beer. "Copper" is the signature beer and you'll find it not only here but also at many bars around town.  The atmosphere at the brewery is heavily influenced by German beer halls.  While it does its best to be true to the German style, it's a bit bland if you ask me. I prefer the cozy and lively NoDa or Birdsong when it comes to the design.  Of note, they are building a whole new location that should be opening soon.  Very excited to see that!There are some food options including bratwurst and pretzels.  They stay true to the German influence in the menu.  The brats are really good, and the other food is pretty average.  It is a plus that they are able to offer food, as some other local breweries are not.They offer free tours throughout the day, which is a really nice touch as well. There are also lots of events that take place at the brewery which really brings out the community in full force!  Bottom line, Olde Meck is the stalwart brewery in the QC!
4	Cool place, lots of care taken in its decor and construction - nice place to grab one and the pig picking and corn hole tournament event was really fun. Service - great!
5	I decided this would be a great way to spend a friend's birthday. I went on a Saturday and they have free brewery tours at 2pm, 3pm and 4pm. The information that was shared was interesting and the brewer conducting the tour was funny! It was HOT AS HELL in the brewery (Not in the tasting room, don't worry!) but the tour was only 15-ish minutes long. The food available is your typical bar pretzels and a couple more snacks. I think OMB is great for get-togethers or just for date night!
3	Probably one of the best tap house brew joints in town if you like their beer.  There in lies my problem.  Just not a fan of the beer they brew.  I feel like I'm not the norm based on the popularity of this place but they have also been doing a marketing job unlike any of the other micro/craft brew houses.  Bar area is nice and clean, lacking a little on TV's but not lacking in service.  I'm sure given the nice large room they can cater to some pretty large groups.
4	Solid brewery. I love the atmosphere, nice outside seating and the inside is really neat. Good beer, have yet to try the food, but that's on my list to do. I wish they had more of a selection of brews. This summer, they've only had 2 or 3 on tap and I really want to see what else they can come up with.Recently, maybe the past 2 times, their beers haven't been hitting the spot for me (I've been here maybe 8-10 times this summer drinking there and taking a growler to go). Like another reviewer said, they tasted skunky. I don't know if that's just my taste buds changing or if it's actually the beer, but something was off the last time I went. I've been living in Charlotte since May and I've began to notice how many restaurants have OMB on draft. This makes me really happy because I can get local beer at a lot of the other restaurants and bars I frequent. I even looked up the list of restaurants in Charlotte and the surrounding areas that have OMB on tap and the list seemed endless!
4	I've been a fan of OMB since they premiered in 2009. Their beer has come a long way and is still in a state of evolution. If you've yet to try it, stop by the brewery for your first taste.The tap room is styled like the Bavarian bierhaus, with wood community tables, high open-beamed ceilings, and lots of dark wood panels. Don't arrive expecting expansive walls of TVs...it's a brewery tap room, not a sports bar. But you can expect great service from the friendly staff. Pop in on the weekends and you can get a 45 minute "tour" of the brewery. You don't get to really wander the warehouse, but you can come face-to-face with the machinery and learn about the history of OMB and their beer making process - great afternoon if you have a beer-lover visiting for the weekend!The beer itself is generally good. Copper, their flagship, has been hit-or-miss for me, but their seasonal releases are where the good stuff is at. They have German-inspired snacks from the kitchen, too.OMB was the catalyst for Charlotte's craft beer explosion - stop by and see where it all began.
5	I really like it there. It's a really nice, really clean local brew house. The beer is good. The people are nice, but then again, I would be happy too if I worked there. I picked up my first GROWER and I love it. I am hooked.
5	Great brewery in Charlotte. The tap room reminds you of something you would see in Germany with the vaulted ceilings and iron chandeliers. I am a big fan of their seasonal beers...especially Mecktoberfest. They have it now and you need to get it as soon as possible. It is easy to drink and has a great full flavor. Just do it. They have live music on Friday nights during the summer. It is so nice to sit out side and listen to music while having 1 or 5 beers. Always a good time!
5	They have added a great deal to their menu int he last few months, the food has been a great upgrade. When one considers their great beer, headlined recently by the award winning Mecktobberfest (Great Amercian Beer Festival), this place is awesome
3	I enjoyed all the bier at OMB. Great German style heritage brews. The food was good but no there's a no non-sense take on the service with paper plates & plastic cutlery. Little disappointed they didn't have soft pretzels, they were out of stock, on a early Saturday evening...   The one non-beer drinking guest in our party was also disappointed she was never offered the chance to have a glass of wine,which is available. We'll give it a second chance when it's convienient and
4	Oh. Wow, there's breweries in Charlotte. Who knew?! Well, this was my first time here and was I surprised. When we first got here I noticed the nice wood fire they had going out in the front, but sadly we could not enjoy it because there was a lot of wind and smoke flying all over the place. Going inside there was a lot of flags hanging down from the tall ceilings, which I really enjoyed, and in the back stood the brewery itself. I got a couple of drinks and sat down with my friends. During the middle of our discussion someone came up and asked us if we wanted to go on a tour of the brewery. Awesome.So inside we got to see how they produce their beer and what their company stands for. "Freshness" and they honor this by saying that they only deliver their beer only 30 miles away from their brewery. So, according to them they don't like to put preservatives in their beer and that they go by that beer has an expiration date. In conclusion, the main points are these, they like fresh, only 30 miles of the brewery, and that's about it. So, this beer is exclusive to Charlotte.In conclusion, my trip was okay. It wasn't amazing, however I did enjoy some of the beer I got the chance to drink from there and the vibe and I'll definitely come back for a hangout with my friends.
5	We had a travelzoo deal for this place, and I'm really happy we decided to buy this!  The beer and food was delicious!  We got a flight of 4 beers, a sausage plate with 2 sides, and a pint & a souvenir glass for this deal.  The beers were pretty good--we all loved the Pilsner.  The food was excellent--everyone finished their plates.  And after we were finished eating, we ordered more beer. The inside is cute than I would have expected.  The prices are unreal and everything tastes great.  I'm happy we came here for a travelzoo coupon because I will definitely go back.  This is one of my favorite laid back places in Charlotte.
5	Consistently excellent beer. They stick to the German purity law which means its nothing too crazy, but its all really good, fresh and flavorful beer. My favorites are the Captain Jack Pilsner and the Copper. I think they routinely have something like four different beers, which in my opinion is the way to do it, just really perfect a handful of brews. They also have good seasonal releases too. The location is sort of out in the cut in a warehouse area off South Blvd but the place itself is really cool, very spacious, lots of wood, kind of that "pub" feel. Lots of outside seating as well... and cornhole boards. Great place to spend an afternoon with friends.
4	Great place to visit, when we went they were revamping the menu so they were limited on what was available because 3 days later they were rolling out something new... the pretzel we had was excellet so hopefully they kept it. Great place to hang w/friends or bring people from out of town, didnt do the tour but would go back. Great service and love supporting local businesses!
3	Good not great.  I enjoyed the beers I had here but I didn't really care for the place.  It's an unique setup.  High ceilings, big long tables where you sit down with strangers to eat and drink (which ended up being a lot of fun).  The bar is HUGE but there are no stools.  I was told that's the "european style" - you stand at the bar.  Weird.  Guess my American-centric brain just can't get wrapped around how that would be fun....They have a good location and a good variety of beers, too.  The prices aren't incredible - $5-6 for a pint - but that's ok.  If you're up for some good beer and making new friends, this is the place.
3	Joined The Olde Mecklenburg Brewery for their 4th Anniversary party and to try out their brews and enjoyed it thoroughly, mostly because my husband got their bourbon brew and underestimated the alcohol content.  Hilarious.Enjoyed a nice soft pretzel and their potato salad and grilled cheese.  The food wasn't amazing, but wasn't bad and went great with their cold beers.  I went for their amber ale, and for someone like me who isn't a beer expert by any means, it was good.Nice big open space, live music, good affordable food and a nice young crowd makes for a good night and good times.  Hopefully, they'll do some more marketing and have more live music and I can definitely see myself coming back again.
3	I get the niche they are going for and the theme for their beer. I'm not saying what they produce is bad - it's just not my type of beer. No IPA or other hoppy beers. Definitely go if you're into lagers, ambers, etc. The atmosphere is great though, I will concede that. However, they are moving so we'll see if that changes.
4	Great beer and great tours!
5	I'm not sure how I missed out on this before I left to the UK. And I've been back for a year and still managed to not find time to get here. So when an out of town friend wanted to meet for a beer, I suggested we give this spot a whirl. We were not disappointed.He had the OMB Copper and the Dunkel. I stuck with the Captain Jack (a pilsner) and had two of those. Really tasty and with a good sharp flavor. I could drink bunches of 'em. We sat inside so we could talk, but outside there was a live band. They also have food - sausages and other German haus food - but he wanted some of our great BBQ so after the brews, we headed elsewhere. Five beers for under $20 plus tip - a pretty good deal.Factoid: Captain James Jack was one of the signatories of the Mecklenburg Declaration of Independence, which predates the US Declaration of Independence by a year. He was also one of the representatives from our area to the Continental Congress in Philadelphia. What a journey that must have been - no airport, no highways. It's over 500 miles and that's with I-85 and I-95. Wow!I'll definitely be back to OMB! Hooray for Charlotte and all these great breweries that we're getting!
5	YUM! My sister is in town and wanted to do something different while visiting the Queen City. My husband brews his own beer and thought it might be neat to take a tour of a brewery to show my sis what he does on a much larger scale. Our 'tour guide' was really dynamic and informative. They let you drink the beer when you're on the tour, which was a bonus! We sampled all of the beers they had to offer and all of them were really yummy! They have house made pretzels and spicy musturd to order, which I would definitely reocmmend. Love that they are local and just serve the charlotte metro area. We will be back!
5	OMB best place for relaxing after work. Copper is the best beer I've ever had.
5	There are so many beer options in Charlotte today -- so many options.  The OMB Copper has long been a favorite around Charlotte.  It is complex and it finishes clean.  Today, 5/4/13, OMB had an anniversary alt bier which was even better than the Copper. Food choices have definitely gotten more and better and lunch is served every day.   If you tried this in the past and lamented having to eat brats or missed the open day, come back and be surprised.  It takes time for your order so be patient.  It takes no time for the beer to be served.  The tour is well worth it if you have been wandering what a lager-ed ale is or how the German Purity Law affects what you drink. Plans are underway to expand and offer an outdoor bier garten.  This last year has seen OMB recognized by the German American Business community and by craft brewers from all over america where OMB shared top honors for Copper with none other than NODA for Coco Loco.  Cheers.... prost!
5	Chances are, you've never experienced a place like this. The atmosphere is laid back with either rock music casually playing or live music. You can stand by the bar, get a growler to go (Growlers, esp. refills are crazy cheap) or just pick a spot inside or out. The servers are very calm and relaxed and just float between tables to help when needed. They're now open for lunch during the week too so it's kind of nice to go relax in there. The tours, which are on the weekend are completely free and really enlightening. I'd suggest checking it out!
4	Pretty spiffy spot during the day time!Location - easy to get to, off Old Pineville Street. Parking lot seems ample, if you get there early enough. Street parking will suffice, if there are noneInside - I like the set up, there are three different areas where you can lounge - two outside patios on a warm breezy day, inside with the bar is swanky with displays of tshirts and different beer taps, and the other side of the establishment has your counter of beers and extra tables. Service - nice and attentive to your needs. They make sure you are kept hydrated (whether it be beer or water) and picks up your empty mugs.What brought me here? Their Louisana Fest which was awesome! Loved how they set up cornholes, live music, and crawfish/beers -- it was an awesome sunny and breezy day! Would definitely come back again next year. OMB - Please do add mayo to your list of condiments, thanks ^___^.
5	They stay consistent with there theme...from water without ice to canned sodas to the German Purity Laws.  OMB produces a consistent product and I'm proud of how well distributed Copper is in Charlotte.Now I need to head back and try the Hornet Hefeweizen.  Dunkel was great.  I wasn't a fan of the Fruebock, but we all have our tastes and that's not mine.The food was good.  Maybe one of these days I'll check out the bicycle group they have.
3	We decided to go here for a late lunch/early dinner yesterday.  We split a sausage plate and got 4 different kinds - Kielbasa, Weiss Wurst, Spicy Beef and something else.  They tasted good at the time, but after we got home, my stomach was shot for the rest of the night and this morning.We also decided to split the apple strudel dessert - it's the only one they have and it sounded good and was recommended to us by our waitress.  I took one bite and didn't have any more - the strudel was burnt.  It was literally black all over.  The  ice cream had freezer burn on it. I'm normally not so particular and will eat most things at a restaurant, but this was so bad.  When I told the waitress, she apologized and took it off the bill right away.  It was an okay experience overall.  It was a big let down from out first time going here.
5	Best brew around.
4	Nice place, (however i think they are moving to a new location soon).The setting is of a old german brewhouse, which is very fun.  They serve food along side their brews.   The have the beer that they have available on a chalk board on the side of the rooms, make sure to check out the seasonal.  I recommend the "hornets nest" if available.     Staff was very friendly and helpful.  Also you can get 2 types of growlers to take beer with you.
4	Nice microbrewery. Great food. Just know that the food comes out on of paper plates and plastic utensils. I would pay a dollar more for real plates and utensils. But it's okay as is.
3	My husband is into craft beer so we went there with some friends while we were in town. They tried 8 beers, a friend said they didn't vary too much in taste in her opinion, but they were good. They had a small German-themed  snack menu and some Wurst meal options. The waitress... working in a brewery bringing people flights of beer... didn't know what a taster glass was :-/
4	I fought the pouring rain to find this place close to the train tracks. It doesn't look promising from the outside; less like a brewery and more like a meat packing plant where dreams go to die. I wasn't sure which door to go to, so I wrongly picked the one closest to my car. I found myself in a big empty space with what looked like some kind of class going on. Luckily, someone pointed me to the restaurant portion on the other side of the wall.As much as this place is basically a warehouse, they do a good job on the interior. It is surprisingly welcoming with a ton of dark wood, long tables, German flags hanging from the rafters, and panels on the walls to deaden the noise. I've never been to Germany, but as far as German beer halls go, this one feels right.The room is accentuated by two gigantic windows that gaze upon the brewing operation, which looks quite large from outside. It's probably the best option I've seen as far as giving visitors a glimpse of the brewing equipment without having it all up in their faces or in the way. And the restaurant didn't smell like brewery, so they must do a good job containing odors to the back.The menu is a little limited; it features sausages imported from around the country and sides that can be prepared at the start of the day. I'm guessing they don't really have any cooking equipment in the back. I opted for two sausages - gyulai and knockwurst - and two sides. The sausages were excellent, and the sides were pretty on-point.Fair warning - if you don't like vinegar, don't order the German sides.As for the beer, it is clean and crisp and a damned good representation of the German style. If you don't like simple beers made with quality ingredients - if you must have 10 different malts and 60 plus IBUs - this is not your scene. There's beauty to be found in a well-done lager, though, as there's nothing to hide mistakes.Everything is tasty, but my favorites were the dopplebocks. Then again, that's my favorite style to begin with. And taking it to the next level, they had one of their higher ABV bocks available aged in bourbon barrels. Also my favorite. The beer could have used a little less time in the barrels, as I thought the bourbon stole the show instead of adding a layer of complexity, but it was still damn good.The one negative comment I have is the service, and it wasn't the servers fault. Somebody must have called in sick, because on a Saturday near lunch time they only had two servers and a busser working the giant room. As such, I had to flag people down whenever I wanted something. But once I did, they were friendly and quick.Overall, I'd be back if I lived nearby, both for some sausage and some bock. Well done.
5	Currently my favorite Charlotte brewery and a beautiful place. I hope their new location is just as well setup and makes good use of the additional space.
4	This is such a great hidden gem.  A brewery hidden away in the warehouse district off South Blvd makes you feel like your in an old world beer garden.  The bratwurst is awesome and the beer is even better.
4	Was pleasantly surprised about this place. It doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside is a warm, cozy, family style haven. The beer is delicious and the food surprisingly not just a great compliment, but delicious on its own. Overall, it feels very German. The only reason I'm not giving them all 5 stars is the waitstaff. They are great with beer knowledge, but have a tendency to be inattentive and disappear for long periods.
5	Love this place and love the fact they do event. They have parties and you can have your party there. Love the fact you can take some beer home and put it in the frig. Beers you just cant get in the store. Look forward to seeing the new place
4	Found this place near my hotel. Thank god. It looked a bit simple from the outside, but very nice on the inside. I was lucky to tag along on a free tour of the brewery. Dennis? (Sorry if I forgot your name) gave a great enthusiastic tour. The beer was great. I've had many bourbon barrel aged beers and theirs was good. Fresh beer. Hope to visit again soon. Gave it 4 instead of 5 stars because I didn't try the food.
3	Came here after work in early February to meet up with the mouse for a quick beer and bite before our alumni board meeting held there later that evening.  Don't you wish all meeting were held at breweries? Anyways, we tried the four brats special.  I liked how it was served up on disposal dish ware with plastic utensils.  I really do - matches the feel of the place.  Food is secondary to beer!  The brats all tasted pretty good, but enjoyed the Kielbasa with spicy mustard.  I wish the bartender-server keyed us into some options, if any, that come with the brats - would've loved some kraut or extra fixings.  Maybe that's now how brats are served, but with the overload of just brats, probably could've cooked me up as the next brat that's how purely stuffed I was after that.  (There was some bread, but mouse always takes my bread).Also, they need to fix one of the rickety benches - when one board member shifted, we all shifted.  Drinking beer required careful balance - that doesn't go well together, obv.Definitely coming back here though as Copper is my favorite beer... of all time!  Need to take a tour and find out how its made.dmo out
5	Why have I not been here sooner??Olde Mecklenburg Brewery is great!  I went here last night with a friend, we did the tour and hung around for a few beers & a hot pretzel.  First, when you're on your way here, it feels like you're going the wrong way.  It's tucked back in this industrial area, warehouses, etc.  I started driving slower, turned down the music - you know, less music helps you look better - and thought I had made a wrong turn.  But then, boom, there it is!  They're actually moving up the street this summer, for a bigger brewing space.  (Grand opening here I come!)It's really nice in the inside, ridiculously tall ceilings, flags hung up everywhere, a bunch of seat yourself tables.  The bar is small, but there are no stools, so it doesn't get crowded.  I had the Captain Jack pilsner, and the wheat beer.  Both were very good.  I prefer lighter beer (really, I prefer cider, haha) and these were great options for me.  I got there around 5:50pm, the tour started at 6pm.  They recommend that you come a little bit early to grab a beer before the tour starts.  (Free tour = no free beer on the tour). It was about an hour, interesting and funny.   Then. Oh my goodness then.  I was looking around a bit and saw a beautiful looking hot pretzel on someone else's table.  The decision to order the hot pretzel may have been my best decision all week.  It was so good!  Fresh. Perfect.  Mmmmm.I'll be back for a beer or three, and I'll probably bring out of town friends here when they visit!
4	Of all the breweries I visited in Charlotte, this was was the most interesting. Everything here is from Germany, even the furniture. From what was explained in the tour, the owner wanted to keep everything in a strict fashion as to the way beer is made in Germany. While I didn't really learn anything new on the tour about how beer is made, I have to say that the delivery of the information was the best I've seen. The guy giving the tour was extremely knowledgeable. One thing I did find interesting about the brewery was that they keep their own yeast cultures which isn't something you see a ton of these days.I tried a flight with an extra tasting on the side so that I could try everything they had available that day. My personal favourite of the day was the Captain Jack. The Domm Kolsch was good also and it was cool to find out that it came from a home brewer who won a contest.While OMB's beers weren't my favourite of the Charlotte breweries I visited I would recommend anyone to come check these guys out.
4	Olde Mack is the big brother of the Charlotte microbreweries and it shows.  They have a big operation, which lacks some of the home-town-ey-ness of some of its neighbors.  The beer lineup is very german, so you won't find a ton of west coast IPAs and the like.  The food lineup is similarly german; the sausages didn't have much pizzaz to them, but the soft pretzels were amazing.
4	This place is a great place to hang out. They have a limited but awesome selection of beer that they brew at their location. They also have live menu and a cool food selection. The location is a little off the beaten path but definitely worth checking out!
5	First, let me recommend that you read Amanda F's review.  She is right on with her description.  So, I'll fill in from there.The menu isn't extensive, but for a brew hall, it is just fine!  Several appetizers, sandwiches, and other items.  We recently visited OMB for a birthday "gathering" and everything we had from the menu was excellent!  We tried the pretzel and the Meat and Cheese tray to start.  Then we ordered a variety of sandwiches, all of which were quite good! The beer... so Copper is my favorite, but since I was IN the brewery, I decided to try some of the other OMB brews.  They offer a flight of four samples for $4.  I really enjoyed several of them.  Copper is still my favorite, but I'll enjoy some of the others occasionally too!Service was excellent!  There was live entertainment outside in the Biergarten which had a respectable crowd gathering too!  All in all, it was a very good time, good food, great service, and terrific beer!!
1	My wife and I ate here on May 6th and had some of the worst service we've had in a long time. It took 20 minutes just for the server to bring us our drinks, just 2 beers. Nothing fancy. Then we waited over an hour for our food and all we ordered was a bratwurst and a chorizo sausage. We finally left because waiting that long for that small amount of food is absurd. When we told the server we just wanted to pay for the drinks and leave, she gave us attitude like we were inconveniencing her and pissing her off. The place was busy but if you can't keep your composure while being a server, you should probably find something else to do. I will stick to buying this beer in the store and cooking brats at home. I think I will have a much better time.
5	Came here for my cousins wedding-who would have thunk to have a reception at a brewery!? This place was AWESOME. We had the left side of the brewery reserved with the outdoor deck which was perfect- Beer was delicious and heavy and the service was great! We also was able to tour the brewery- way cool.
2	Everything about this joint was just ok. There is a very limited menu consisting of appetizers, and a variety of both sandwiches and brautwurts (that's it). I tired the wurst sampler and each of the sausages were rather bland, only one had some real flavor. The beer is what this place is supposed to be about but I found both beers I had to not be very good. I came in OMB looking for a burger a beer and to watch the game, with only one TV I only got one of those things. Def wouldn't run back there for anything.
4	Yet another place that I have been wanting to check out for a while.  The wife and I were in the area and decided to stop by for a beer and do just that.  Unless you live in the South End, it can be a little out of the way to get here, but definitely worth the effort. We weren't sure what to expect, but overall it's a taproom attached to their main brewery operation, which also serves food.  The food menu can best be described as German inspired pub food, but we did not partake in anything but beer. I really like their Dunkel so I opted for that and the wife is more of a barreled beer fan and she chose their bourbon barreled porter called Fat Boy.  For my palate, both of those beers are some of their best.  From what I could see from their beer menu, they offer several sizes from samplers all the way to pitchers.  The service was good and attentive, and you can order at the bar as well as table service is provided. They also have some outside seating with games like corn hole making it a great place for groups.  Next time, we will have to sample some of the food.
5	Love this spot. I'm sure people know about it, but I randomly came across it the other day. Someone mentioned that they are going to be relocating just down the street and they will be opening a beer garden. First thing I search for when I moved to Charlotte. Looking forward to many more visits here and more at the new location.
2	This review is for the tour only, not the beer (which is quite good) or food (which we didn't have). While waiting for the tour, a waitress came over to take our food order. We didn't realize they even served food, we just thought it was a brewery, and she gave us a weird look when we said we were just here for the tour. Our tour guide Jimmy was drunk. He was staggering around, waving his arms, stumbling over his words (couldn't pronounce Mecklenburg), taking swigs of the Southside Weiss. It was rather like watching Captain Jack Sparrow give a tour, except with beer not rum. It seemed a bit odd and was certainly distracting. Seeing the tanks and everything in the brewery was cool and interesting, but our inebriated tour guide wasn't very knowledgeable. If you want a sampler of their beers, you have to pay, which is ok I guess because the tour is free. I wanted to buy a 6 pack of their summer seasonal Rein Pale Ale, but they didn't have it yet. Memorial Day weekend and you don't have your summer seasonal out yet? They like to tout that the furniture in the brauhaus is from Germany. Who cares? That doesn't affect the taste of the beer. I do like how they adhere to the German purity laws in their beermaking process, though. This ensures that the brew is true to the original art form made famous by Germany, and that you are getting quality beer from people who care about their product.
5	What a great spot...so glad we found this spot...i will definitely be coming here more often. .i hear they are opening up a spot right down the road can't wait to see how awesome that will be. I will be coming back for sure!!
4	Solid beer, great atmosphere, good German food. Gorgeous nite. Very fun place!
5	Yesterday I went to the brewery with friends and wondered why I had never been there before! The beer was awesome, and the bourbon beer was especially delicious. I went on a tour of the brewery (which is free!) with jimmy and it was great! He was so knowledgable and entertaining, and I was surprised about how much you actually get to see while on the tour. Great spot and I'll definitely be back!
3	Great beer and pretty good food, but the service is seriously lacking (might just be the two particular waitresses we had). We were expecting a much more interesting environment. Was full of drunk hipsters, which is funny too, but honestly, it was pretty boring. Not a real party environment or anything. Oh yeah, they close at ten.
4	My owner organized a little brew crawl on July 3rd for me and some friends.  Dogs are allowed in the biergarten.  The only problem is the biergarten has no 'garten'!  It's really just a concrete spot next to the parking lot with some picnic tables.  : (The beer is fantastic, as are the various 'meats in casing' that they sell.  The pretzels could be awesome except they always seem to spend too much time in the microwave before making their way to the plate.Even with umbrellas, it was way too hot for someone with tender paws and no shoes.  My owners were sweating up a storm (there are times i wish I could sweat, but alas I can only pant to cool off.)We'll definitely go back, but only in another season!
3	I met some friends here, and I suppose my rating is a bit low, since I am not a beer drinker.  There wasn't much else offered to drink besides beer, and for a German themed menu, not to offer Riesling or some other light German wine seemed weird to me.  There is no other alcohol here besides beer and wine.  So I settled on soda, which had no ice.  It appeared  there is no ice machine.  The menu was limited, and was hard for me to order, since I'm gluten free.  I gave it three stars, since I've been to many restaurants where not drinking beer and being gluten-free is not a death sentence for my appetite.  If they expanded their menu slightly and offered a small variety of other alcoholic drinks besides beer, I'd go back.
5	Had appetizers from here it was basic simple finger food and not too bad. I dont remember exactly the name of it but thr tuna with pita bread was good & so was the hummus.  Boyfriend had the copper beer amd he loved it and recommends it.
4	Simple, laid back & very casual.Copper is the best beer!! Food is good and service is quick. Plus they have FREE Yoga on Tuesday nights started by LuLuLemon. What could be better than yoga and beer??Best tip about this place: they have "OMB coins" that you use like money - as if you're a leprechaun or 10yrs old in an arcade - so fun!!
5	Disclaimer: I came here to watch the 2014 FIFA World Cup final. Germany vs. Argentina. The OMB will only be like that once every four years. But when it is, it's AWESOME. Everyone is predominantly German, and very, very, very excited. The beer is good, pretty cheap, the finger food hits the stop, and the place is beautiful. High ceilings, tall windows, and wood panel everywhere. World Cup 2018. You should be there.
4	OMB has done a wonderful job with the new location. You can tell that a lot of careful thought was put into every detail and it leads to a beautiful space that you want to spend time in. I can see this being a wonderful event space, weddings in that beirgarten would be amazing! My only complaint about the decor is that there is very little lighting outside. Servers came around and lit candles inside of cute lanterns that sit on the tables but they didn't provide much light. I think that space would look AMAZING if they had old fashioned christmas lights strung throughout the umbrellas, this would really add some charm and much needed light. I only tried the pretzel with beer cheese, but they have some work to do. The beer cheese had very little cheese flavor and was grainy. Maybe my standards are too high because I will compare every beer cheese to VBGB, but I think they can do better. Since they are still getting their footing the food took awhile to be served. I would say it was almost 30-40 mins before burgers and bratwursts arrived after we ordered them. I am sure that will improve as they get into the swing of things. It goes without saying that the beer still tastes great, I have no complaints here! I look forward to spending lots of time here, it is a beautiful location.
2	Tried out the new location tonight.  Great beer, the food was ok but the service was horrible.  Food took over 1 hour and our server just disappeared.  We ended up checking out at the bar.  I'd go back but I would never eat there again.
2	Soooooo.....torn between a 2 and a 3 here. Stopped in during a business trip looking for a good beer and food. The good - this place has a great outdoor seating area with loads of picnic tables and lawn area to hang out. Location is near airport in a very nondescript industrial zone. Inside the facility is REALLY loud - they were less than 50% of capacity and the ambient noise was pretty loud. Now for the food....ordered the black and blue burger and the burger itself was OK. Nothing spectacular but also not remarkable. The fries were the worst ever - lukewarm and chewy. How do you make French fries chewy??  Seriously???  OK....moving on from that. When I told my server about the fries she feigned interest but didn't go any further than that.  After thinking this over I'm going with the 2.  I'm not a huge fan of German beer so am not taking the beer quality into consideration in my review.
2	I had HIGH hopes for the OMB in its new location. I've enjoyed coming to OMB to participate in Yoga on Tap and always enjoyed the atmosphere and vibe at the old location. However, I visited the new location over Labor Day weekend and didn't experience the same treatment as I did at the old location. The layout is beautiful, the bathrooms are clean, the grass is green, but the service is TERRIBLE. I was sitting inside with about 6 other people. It took 15 minutes to get someone even to notice that we were sitting there (the place wasn't even that crowded). After asking 3 people if could get some help, a very pleasant woman came by and helped us. We all ordered flights (4 smaller beers that give you the opportunity to taste a variety). When the beers finally arrived a different server brought them....totally fine, but she didn't know who ordered what and she didn't even know what beers were in each flight. So none of us even got what we had ordered. Then we ordered food and all of our orders were wrong. I was very disappointed and a little embarassed since I brought friends there from out of town. My advice to you --- save yourself some time and head over to Triple C, NoDa Brewery or any other lovely brewery Charlotte has to offer. I'll give OMB a few months to smooth out those kinks before returning back.
