5	The pancakes are so freaking delicious.  Spongy, airy, crispy at the edge and taste just like a pancake!It is delicious, the only "con" (if you can call it a con) is they put mucho amounts of butter.  LIke you have to drink water for two days cause the butter is so salty.They use real maple syrup and it's piping hot.  I burned my tongue pretty bad trying to shove the pancake in my mouth.Their vanilla milkshake is really delicious.  I plan on going back and trying some other food items.Their price is reasonable for how much food you get and it's in a real shitty casino called golden gate.  Afterwards you can hang out at the bar for a second and watch the casino dealers dance on two small stage platforms.  Pretty sad and funny actually.Well worth the trip cause it's a mini adventure.  If you don't know it's towards the back of the casino (or front there are two entrances) tucked away you won't be able to find it.Recommend it with a side of walking around downtown.Their turkey sausage is gross!
3	This place reminds me of a small town restaurant, yet this was in a casino. Decent price, good service. Can't say much about the food because I had a chicken salad, but hey it was good.
5	Loved this place so much. This was my first visit and I actually wasn't that familiar with the original in LA, but I'm a fan now!They make the best pancakes I've ever eaten. Light, fluffy, and full of taste. Simply perfect. I've heard other items were tequally asty, but I had to have the pancakes (twice). You can't beat it for taste and price. Plus it's super cute inside.  Next time I'm in Vegas or LA Du-Pars is on the top of my list.
5	YUMMY! Had dinner here our first night, then breakfast the next morning, and breakfast again the next morning. The wait staff is awesome! The GM indicated they had a re-do about 3 months back and everything is made from scratch, even the jams. Back to the original recipes. Great food at a great value! ENJOY!
4	So another so cal institution sets up shop in vegas ....downtown vegas ...Downtown ?  really ?   Well, if you've been to du-par's in so cal you understand why it will set up shop in Downtown - it just makes sense.Like Angela mentions - not an easy find but luckily Golden gate is small and i figured it replaced the old coffee shop.The place has the du- par look / feel to it.  I was there since i had a cash giveaway gig to attend at El Cortez later in the day so i figured, i'm a hankering for pancakes and what better place in downtown for that !?!?So drag my sis along before she lives large at Caesar's, I order the large stack ( 5 ) of pancakes ...$8.75 ...WOW ! i doubt the rent's that high at the golden gate !!! then again, i haven't eaten a du-par pancake in about 8 yrs so they may cost the same at farmers market in LA  - just seemed like a lot to me ! My sis got the soup/samme pe combo for $9.50 .The pancakes were dang good - i went ahead and requested some more butter ( i think that's the key to their pancakes to begin with ...the melted butter they put on the cakes  )  but i saturate the bastards ! my sisters combo : 2 out of three ain't bad - the soup was very good, the pie also very good, the sammie ( corned beef ) and french fries - uninspired .If i am needing breakfast and i'm anywhere near Downtown - yes, i'm hitting Du-pars !pic added
4	Whenever I go to Las Vegas, I typically have a few favorite haunts in which to eat, but I'm always looking for something new and different. Well, I found a hidden gem in downtown Vegas--the Du-Par's Restaurant and Bakery in the Golden Gate Hotel. Walking into the Golden Gate is like turning the clock back sixty years--literally. The same goes for this restaurant. It looks and feels right out of the 1940's. The reason we went in was because they advertised that their pancakes were voted "World's Best." That's a bold statement, and this pancake lover had to check it out. I've had a lot of pancakes across this country, and I have to say, these are among the best. A short stack of three huge pancakes was plenty. They were light and fluffy, and they serve warm syrup, which is a MUST for my pancakes. I can't stand pouring cold syrup on hot pancakes. I would love to go back and try lunch or dinner. Check out the collection of old Vegas memorabilia outside the restaurant and the dozens of photos of old San Francisco and some of the movies and TV shows that have been filmed inside the casino. One note: the food here is a bit expensive, but worth it. You won't find steak and eggs here for $3.95, but go for the blue-plate special and you will get a good deal. I am happy to add this to my list of Vegas-must-do's!!
2	extremely hit/miss.  i had a salty, nasty ham slice & unmemorable sides 3 years ago.  then, 6-26-10 i had a good steak, perfect yellow split pea soup  & my experience ruined by a crap waitress:  the menu stated 'NY steak with garlic mashed OR rosemary potatos'.  i love rosemary & this was half the reason i ordered the steak.  why did she dupe me by asking me if i wanted a baked potato?  i meant 'no to the mashed potatos' .    well, if the baked was quality & had quality sour cream, i may have sucked it up & ate it--it sucked, & when i mentioned the menu offered either mashed or rosemary, she  said 'you ordered the baked, tell us you want rosemary potatos next time, we'll be happy to get them for you'.   she didn't wanna hear it, this transaction was done, over for her.  thank god i was able to take back my $5 tip in time. i won't go back for years , in case she remembers me & fucks w/my food.  on the positive side, i had the best meatloaf sandwich in my 41 years, later that night from the deli.  be very assertive & on yer toes when ordering here, they may not correct any misunderstandings or mistakes, as in my case.
4	Had a comped meal here courtesy of the GG pit boss that appreciated our marathon blackjack play.  I had a real nice side salad that was $2 extra (had it not been free) and huge along with my braised tri-tip with cheddar sandwich which was exceptional.  Nice fries.  Good seasoned old waitress.  I was a bit disappointed in the pie for dessert, even though it was fresh out of the oven.  I'd recommend going with one of the ice cream items.  Cool place to eat and hidden in a corner of the casino.  Great history.  Curious to try their pancakes, given the award.
4	Great place for breakfast or lunch. The food and service are always excellent.
4	Read Angela H's review of this place before my vacation and had pretty much decided to avoid it for any meal other than breakfast. Hubby likes to have a muffin now and then for breakfast and, since this was right across the street, we decided to investigate.As for finding it...Angela was right on and we did have a search. For those who want to try it, the quickest way is to enter the casino from Main St. and turn right...it's not too far from the door. We went in one morning searching for a raisin bran muffin. They had none that day so hubby decided on a bear claw...he loved it. I had a cheese danish which was ok. He was still hungry so he ordered pea soup (I know...odd combo but men, right?? :) ). He raved about it...said it was just like the pea soup he had while living in Canada.We also had breakfast here our last day...this time they did have raisin bran muffins and he raved about this as well...said it was all muffin top...I'm not a muffin expert but kinda reminded me of a Seinfeld episode. :) He also had to have more of the pea soup. I had a more traditional meal of eggs, hash browns, and ww toast. Very good.The service is very good and they have fresh brewed iced tea which has become almost a mania with me...I was bad before but now that I've met Angela H...I am totally over the edge with this! lolIn conclusion...I don't know that I would go way out of my way for this as a Las Vegan but I would definitely go for a nice breakfast if staying downtown.
5	Great breakfast!  Perfectly cooked eggs, fresh squeezed oj, homemade corned beef hash, homemade jellies, fresh and warm toasted English Muffin.  The pancakes lived up to their billing as best ever anywhere.I'm not much of a stack of pancakes gal since I also need my eggs, meat and potatoes represented.  Usually a stack of cakes precludes ordering anything else since it is just a huge stack of sponges soaked in sugar and butter.  I don't want 3 of them.  or 5.  One works.So the 3 of us split a shortstack.  Glad we did.  They were delicate and cake-like.  Not one strand of gluten was exercised in this batter, baby.  Simply awesome.  If you want a 1.99 old school Vegas crummy breakfast, have at it.  I'd rather pay full price for fresh, scratch food.A welcome addition to my beloved downtown!
2	i eat here a lot  way to much it's not that good the atmosphere is dull and it's expensive 9.50$ for a BLT sandwich  but the chicken soup is good and everybody except for me loves the pancakes one thing i kida like is that they use chuck  for the hamburgs but there still not that good.
4	I can say these are the best pancakes I have ever had. The service was badThe split pea soup was good. Do not walk out without eating the pancakes
5	LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  Open 24 hours.  Great diner food.  But the reason I keep going back: THE PAAAAANCAKES!  Melted butter ladled on top, crispy edges... the best of my life!  I've never been a huge pancake eater, but now I have to go back at least 2 times a month for the pancakes.
4	After wandering the Fremont Street Experience looking for a place to grub out on, we came upon this place. It was a blind eat, with no Yelp research done prior (sorry, Yelp). I didn't expect much from this place considering where I was; a place where deep fried Twinkies are across the street and every other casino advertising greasy hangover food to satisfy all of your drunken needs.Du-Par's is nestled deep within the Golden Gate Casino, but not too hard to find considering that the casino isn't very big to begin with. Once you spot the old school diner looking joint, you'll know you made it.Menu prices seem a little high for a downtown dig. Though, you can notice better quality food than your typical diner. Among the things that I've tried and sampled were the open faced turkey sandwich (good), french dip sandwich (ok), fish and chips (good), and the corned beef Reuben (delicious). Out of all of these, the Reuben was the clear winner. I couldn't really complain about the other food either. They were all pretty good. I guess it just depends on what you're in the mood for.The highlight of the entire meal was the dessert. Pies are made fresh daily. I ordered a slice of banana creme pie for myself, while everyone else ordered  the bread pudding to share. The bread pudding is absolutely amazing. I'd even say that this place is worth dropping by just for this. I also really liked the pie too. It's just that the  tastiness of the pie happened to be overshadowed by the awesomeness of the bread pudding.All in all, Du-Par's is a good place to drop by if in the downtown area. My only complaint is that the prices are a couple dollars too high for a place like this.
5	They boast that they have the worlds best pancakes - and it is true! Each bite tastes like toasted butter! Quick and friendly service, cheap, and located inside the Golden Gate Casino.
4	This is diner food old style.  They do it well fast and good.  I only had breakfast on this trip but have eaten other meals on prior trips.  I just had an omlette and it was good.   I guess there is really not much to say other than folks this is a diner and the food and price are very competitive.
1	I have eaten at the Golden Gate for years, then about 1 year ago Du-Pars took over.  They went from $1.49 breakfast from the former Golden Gate Diner to a starting breakfast of $8.95.  Are you kidding me?  $4.50 for a small orange juice????  I have started going to the El Cortez where you can still get a bargain at a downtown hotel - Du-Pars go back to California where the Californians except being ripped off, we here in Vegas love our food specials. (Not only that the management will browbeat and belittle the servers right in front of the patrons)Best Waiter - Richard Martinez he needs a metal and runs circles around the other servers!
1	So, we had just gotten into Vegas not an hour before, and hungry after our five hour drive we decided to hit up Du Pars - I had had their chili before and loved it, so why not again? I'll tell you why not - roaches. While we were eating our soups and salads, I looked up to see a large roach cruising along the walls right next to our booth. While I was able to maintain "big girl" status and didn't scream, I did point it out to my mom and boyfriend. We then told our waiter that we had a little "friend"  and that we weren't so pleased about it. Rather than being sympathetic, he offered to move us to a table over and told us it was no big deal, roaches are everywhere after all. Somehow we were all able to continue picking at our food til it we were finally brought our check, and when we went up to pay my mom, who was thoroughly grossed out, mentioned quietly and politely to the cashier that they may have a roach problem. No, the cashier insisted, they DO NOT have a roach problem. According to her, every restaurant has a few roaches crawling at the walls. That may be true, I don't know, but if it is how come this was my first experience with roaches in a restaurant, and my first experience seeing a roach in the open, not even trying to hide itself. In the end, the servers were just defensive, didn't offer a discount, wouldn't have accepted it if we wanted to walk out of there without the rest of our meal, and were generally rude about all of this.
1	If you like cockroaches this one's for you.  1/2 way thru meal found one crawling on wall. Pass on this one. Waiter did not even care.
4	I am a foodie, but after a week in Vegas at over priced food on the strip, we wondered down to Fremont to get some historical perspective in Vegas. We have been here before and it didn't disappoint so we stopped in again. This time, however... I became a huge fan!Previously this week we had experienced horrific customer service and I just finished Yelp'ing about that. Dinner here at Du-Par's was polar opposite. The food was great home cooking. Staple really... I mean, the beef I had was good, the chicken fried steak my buddy had was great, and the open face turkey sandwich my girlfriend had was also yummy. Nothing out of the ordinary, just good home cooking type of food. What stood out was great was the authentic friendly attitude the waitress had. My friend found a piece of steel wire in his food. Pointed out to the waitress and she reacted as if she her self cooked the food and threatened the life of my friend.  She felt awful! Completely apologetic that she took the food and rushed a replacement. The cook was yelling at the kitchen staff and a clean hot plate brought back out with in minutes. It didn't end there... she offered him a pie free to take care of the mistake.The manager came over and did one better... she gave a slice of pie for each of us at the table. WOW!Basically... we felt loved. A little mistake, but the customer service was epic. Good home cooking... but great service. After some long days in Vegas with over priced meals and horrid service, I regained the hope that people can still be epic in this town. I will be back here again... and I will tell others. Thanks for treating us like family!
4	I really, really like breakfast food. That being said, it's really, really hard to find good breakfast food.I heard about these pancakes at Du-Par's and I had to see what I was missing. Well, I won't keep you in suspence... they're GREAT! =)I ordered the full stack. Not because I was super hungry, but because the price differential between the short stack and the full stack was so inconsequential, I didn't see the point of bothering with the smaller version. Well, these things are huge, so don't be a hero. I made it through less than half of my mountain of pancakes before throwing up the white flag. I was so tempted to finish that mo-fo up, but I just couldn't do it.  Next time, I'll share!    ;-)I need to go back and try some of the fresh baked pies as well. This place is a treat and definitely worth venturing downtown for.
5	What a gem this place is. The quality of the meal far exceeded my expectations. Homemade preserves, freshly squeezed orange juice, and quite simply the tastiest bowl of oatmeal I have ever had. Oatmeal??? Yeah, go figure!! How could they possibly make oatmeal appealing? I'm still trying to wrap my head around that myself, but somehow they did. It had fresh strawberries and blueberries and was drizzled with this sugar mixture that hardended into a crunchy, candy-like shell. I only ordered the oatmeal because I figured I was going to be abusing the hell my body the enitre weekend and this would be a way to at least get something decent in me first. My wife looked at me like I had two heads when I ordered because oatmeal is not something I ever eat. But what do you know ... their oatmeal rocks!! In fact the enitre meal rocked. We are looking forward to returning on our next trip.
4	Been here twice in the past week. First time was with friends for a late dinner. I ordered the 10.95 special that includes soup, a half-sandwich and slice of pie. The pea soup was outstanding, as was my corn beef sandwich. The pie was definitely the highlight (the hight of the meringue on these things has to be seen to be believed).The second time was to grab some breakfast. It turns out I was in time for their "beat the clock" special which is a selection of items you can get between 4-6am, and your cost is the time you sat down at. (i.e. come in at 4:30, your item is $4.30). Not a bad deal. They do it from 4-6 in the afternoon as well, so I'll have to come back to try their dinner specials. I had the french toast and sausage and it was great. The french toast was perfectly cooked and the service both trips was exceptional.The coffee shop in its different forms at Golden Gate has always been a favorite of mine and that's definitely not changed under the Du-Par's name.
5	BEST FREAKING PANCAKES OF ALL TIME!!! As part of my awesome Christmas gift from my man (a trip across the Fremont Street Flightline was part 1) I asked to go to Dupar's because I heard the pancakes were so good. They were right! We shared the large stack (5 HUGE and beautifully buttered pieces of heaven), a side of bacon, a side of sausage, 2 coffees and a fresh squeezed orange juice. As usual we sat at the counter and were served by the sassiest waitress I have ever met.....Lorraine. She was hilarious, didn't take any crap from anyone, helped us from over ordering and was just an all around badass human being. We will be back soon :)
5	Top quality stuff in this downtown coffee shop! I recently ate here twice on a staycation.  One day I had the 14 oz. prime rib, with a baked potato and mixed veggies.  It was very good, cooked medium rare as I requested, and the service was top notch also.The next morning, I had to try out their pancakes, after noticing signs at the Golden Gate that their pancakes were selected best in the nation by Esquire magazine.  I don't know about the entire nation, but they are the best pancakes I've had in Las Vegas!......very rich tasting, and great flavor.The OJ is expensive at $4 for a large glass, but it is hand squeezed juice.
1	I was super disappointed.  I went with high expectations.  Everyone had raved about the pancakes.  So I had to have the pancakes.  I ordered the Pancakes Sandwich (not an actually sandwich) - 2 pancakes, 1 egg, bacon or turkey links).   The food took forever, considering everything we order was coming off the griddle.  Upon the arrival of the food. most noticeable was that the pancakes were completely saturated in butter. I figured they'd be delicious, but not calorie friendly.  I couldn't have been more wrong.  I really don't want to say it, but the the pancakes were awful.  I was so disappointed.  The links tasted mushy/watery.  Maybe, they were frozen.  Why they only offer turkey links and not pork, I don't know.  My wife had the bacon instead. She said the bacon was tasty.  I didn't even make it to the egg.  I only made it half way through the first pancake, plus my links.  I left a lot of food on my plate, paid the bill and left.  I would try the fresh pies if I came back, if I ever come back.The day I visited was the day of the big NASCAR race at the Speedway, maybe the regular chef took the day off to watch the race.
4	i had rare bad luck w/that server.  this is a vintage, inexpensive, tasty, nice place.  golden gate's player's club rewards allow me to eat here free, mostly.   good variety.  good pies
5	Wonderful
4	Yeah!  I finally got to try this place and it did not disappoint!  The pancakes are great and 1 will fill you up well.  I split the veggie omelet and the short stack with my sister and definitely was plenty of food!  The pancakes are thick but light and fluffy at the same time.  And forget the syrup, use the boysenberry jelly-heaven!  If you need a good 'morning after' meal, head down to the Golden Gate for this golden gem!Great coffee and OJ too...
4	What?  Du-Par's here in Las Vegas?  As an LA transplant who had grown up on Du-Par's for 38 years in the San Fernando Valley prior to moving to Vegas - this was a little taste and ambiance of home.  The waitresses are dressed in the classic white uniforms and friendly to boot!  I ordered the Turkey and Avocado Eggs Benedict and it was superb - eggs perfectly cooked and runny, fresh hollandiase, moist slices turkey breast on a toasted muffin with classic crispy-on-the-outside-moist-on-the-inside hash browns. Coffee served in a sturdy white coffee mug - just as it should be.  Ah Du-Par's welcome to Vegas, I hope you last at your new digs at the Golden Gate.  You're a little far from my house in the NW 'burbs for brekky, but I'll definitely be making the trip again and again!Service can be a little slow in the busy AM - but I like that when you're in the mood for a leisurely weekend breakfast.
4	I've had Du-Par's on my list for quite some time as my girlfriend loves pancakes, and I heard this is the place to go.  Found myself downtown with some friends late at night, and we were hungry, so we sought out Du-Par's.  I used to come to this joint when it was just a cafe... now it's a large improvements.  Pancakes were awesome as reported, and the rest of us got the french dip, which was really meaty and tasty.  Good job, guys.  Please don't shut down soon.
5	This place has AMAZING breakfast. My friends and I were in town for my birthday and I already love the Golden Gate for it's gambling and shrimp and saw an advertisement for the 'best pancakes in America' so I decided we had to try it. After our first day we had to go back every day until we left. I had the pancakes and french toast and they were heavenly. The pancakes were great. The place is laid back and reasonably priced. I would definitely recommend it to anyone in town looking for a great breakfast without paying an arm and a leg. And when you're done you can go play craps :)
3	Located downtown on Fremont Street, in the Golden Gate Casino.  I've been reading all of the fantastic reviews on this California restaurant legend and finally got to try it last week.  Our party of four all ordered breakfast and, yes, they do have some good pancakes!  I don't know if they're the best ever, but pretty darn good.  Quite buttery, yum!  I don't know if the trio of homemade jellies were for the toast or the pancakes but they were pretty tasty as well (strawberry, apricot, and boysenberry).Like any other breakfast, the eggs, breakfast meats, and potatoes (frozen shredded style) were pretty standard/average.  FYI, the orange juice IS FRESH squeezed.  My other dining companions mentioned they serve a good cup of coffee.Our server was very nice and attentive.  She seemed like a good fit for the Du-Par's style restaurant.
5	It's 3 AM and your Fremont food options are: several $3.99 shrimp cocktails from the Golden Gate Casino, a hot dog stand, another syrupy margarita....or delicious diner food homemade and piping hot coffee in a comfy little booth. Yeah, we made the right choice and found Du-Par's by asking around the Golden Gate Casino and were not disappointed. Loved the old school diner vibe and the enticing wall of homemade pies (with gravity-defying meringue!).  The pancakes looked appetizing (and we were told my one casino worker that they're pretty much the only thing on the menu she gets), but I was craving something more savory and went with the chicken pot pie. Holy amazement. It was damn good and hit the spot. Flaky top crust and chunky potatoes/carrots/peas. So good. The boyfriend got french toast with crispy bacon - equally delicious.We wanted to get a slice of pie, but couldn't stop eating our gigantic portions and thus were defeated before dessert. Still, next time we're in Vegas (or... the 3rd Street Farmer's Market! Just found out they're in LA!), I'll have to give the pancakes a try. Just what I need in the wee hours of the morning.
4	Finally made it here to try the best pancakes in the country as one publication wrote. We had the full stack of course,it was beautiful and fluffy, first bite -no syrup had to taste the pancake. Maybe the hype ,but it did not blow me away . How could this be ? Best pancake in the country? OK , so I try a second bite and really concentrate then it hits me , Wow ! these are good, maybe taste buds were asleep during first bite. I detected a slight tangy flavor ? Maybe sourdough tangy . Anyway pancakes 5 stars. I also had the corn beef hash it was a fine ground, pattie shape ,pretty small portion. They also serve 3 in house made jellies, peach, strawberry and blackberry with and order of toast., it was good not great. I will be back to try the oatmeal brulee which sounded good and some of the pies in the case looked really tempting. The restaurant looked a little small, so I think going off hours would be best ,we got there early about 7 am , no line. Service was really good and friendly.
5	yes this place is awesome. i didn't have the pancakes but i wish i did. the service was great and friendly and kind. we had the chicken pot pie and i asked them to make me a grilled cheese. i think this place was my favorite part of my Vegas trip. i really hate all the tourist crap on the strip and this place is the total opposite.  best part was that dinners for three people came to $34. pretty rad!
5	Let's talk pancakes here.... flapjacks.... stacks.... hotcakes....Hand's down, these are THE BEST pancakes ever!!!! Slightly crispy to the touch, soft n moisty inside.... buttery tasty melt in your mouth morsels of heavenly cake.... they are perfectly fine solo, but I do luv me some butter n sizzurp....!!!and the bacon.... thick cut from a local farm I believe..... yummmmmmmadd fresh OJ and there you have it.... breakfast mission complete.... oh, and the strawberry preserves..... rooty tooty fresh n frooty.... is that from the other place?Folks, we may be talking about a life changing pancake here.... OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, sooooooooo goood..... you wil never eat at Lenny's or iHOP again..... this stuff is Major League here....I guess you got the point.....Just do it.....
3	Came here with a group of 10 for breakfast and it was pretty good. We saw the sign that said the BEST PANCAKES EVER.. and honestly, I've had better. They were too buttery. But note that I am comparing this to the pancakes I ate in Hawaii.. Sooo.. yeah. There's not much you can do about that. But anyways, we also ordered the creme brulee steel cut oatmeal which was ok. It was really thick but overall had a nice texture. Also had the corned beef hash which was DELICIOUS. And the veggie omelet. This was ok, kind of oily.. Or at least is seemed that way. My brother had the french toast.. He said that was really buttery and that he felt kind of bad eating it because it tasted so unhealthy lol. The hash browns were good. And so was the bacon. But I think my favorite part was the toast.. Just because the jam was really good. The service there was fast and friendly too. We were seated right away and they always made sure to check on us. Overall, a pretty good breakfast :) We also came here for dinner I ordered the turkey dinner which came smothered in gravy with mashed potatoes and stuffing with a side of cranberry. Reminded me of Marie Calendars turkey dinner. I enjoyed it :) My mom had the spaghetti, but she said the tomato flavor was too strong. The fish and chips were okay So were the chicken tenders. One of us ordered stew which looked pretty good. But overall, I must say breakfast was better. :P
5	YUMMY YUMMY IN MY TUMMY Pancakes! Best pancakes EVER! They have this Breakfast special that was for about $8 and you get 2 VERY Large VERY Fluffy and VERY delicious pancakes along with eggs and links bacon... I will forever have breakfast here when I'm in Vegas!
4	Okay, the Golden Gate is over 100 years old and I suppose they had a weird way of mapping out buildings back then. I step into the already cramped and crowded place and walk smack dab into what turns out to be Du-Par's Deli/Cafeteria (why would they have the same name?). I pick up a tray but then I notice that the pies and pancakes on display that I was told to look for aren't there and I had to walk through about 10 different people to get out of line. Awkward. Turns out there's a somewhat hidden hallway on the other side of the main "casino" (if you can even call it that, more like a larger than average tavern with blackjack tables) which leads to the diner. What an odd little building. Okay so on to the point of this review. Coffee Shops/Cafes have gotten so flashy and hip nowadays (at least in Las Vegas), sometimes all I want is a basic sandwich and fries with no truffles or Parmesan crusts or the quintessential breakfast (bacon, eggs, sausage, hash browns and pancakes) with a price tag significantly less than $20. This place is indeed no frills (I wouldn't be surprised if the place hasn't changed that much since the 50's appearance wise, which is a good thing in my humble out of the ordinary opinion) but unfortunately the prices are a tad steep (nowhere near as bad as cafes in a lot of the newer places on The Strip but a bit off-putting given that this is the ancient and notoriously dinky Golden Gate on Fremont St.). That being said, the food is good.I hadn't eaten all day at the time I came here so I just went on ahead and got a burger (ironic, since I was looking for somewhere non fast food to eat in the first place), the patty was a bit too small for the bun, but it did hit the spot. Then I had a piece of the pie everyone raves about. A slice of Pecan pie to be exact, that hit the spot even further. Very attentive and prompt service as well, which is what I expected given that the space is already so small and there weren't many patrons. I didn't care for the prices, but I would come here again. Growing up in a city so hell-bent on reinventing and/or swanking up everything, I'm a sucker for old fashioned, down to earth gems like this.
4	What the?!  I was sure I reviewed this gem at the top of Fremont Street!This place is an old school find in good ol' @Vegas If you are up for something like home cooking and a nice piece of pie, this is your place.  It seems like even more of a find because you enter through a casino.The staff even dresses the old school part in the circa 1950 lunch counter dress.Good place.  Good.  Place.
4	The pancakes were good but a little too buttery for my taste, leaving Blueberry Hill as my reigning pancake champion in Vegas.Our waitress was dressed super cute and she was friendly; the food came out lightning fast on a Sunday morning; and I love the old wood booths and tiny niches of this labyrinth-style seating.  Honestly, if I hadn't been following someone there, I'm not sure I would have ever found it.  My BFF grew up eating at the LA location, so between her 5 stars and my 3, this meal was a happy 4, so we'll go again.The prices are a tad high, but you pay a premium for being right on Freemont, I suppose.  Two hotcakes, one egg, and two bacon was $7.75 on special, while there are other casinos with a similar plate closer to $3-6.
5	I love you Du-Pars.After our drunken steak and eggs fail the night before, we were walking to the car through TI unable to decide where to eat. We asked a lovely vendor lady before the parking lot and she recommended Peppermill or Du Pars. "Best pancakes around", she said. I was intrigued.So for my post-Marquee hangover breakfast, I ordered a delicious Prime Rib lunch with french fries for like $9 bucks, and split an order of those pancakes with my homies - $8 for 3 pancakes. They were unbelievably buttery and flavorful, my favorite kind of pancake. Combined with a deliciously fattening prime rib for my first meal of the day, can I get an enthusiastic hellz yeah?!!!?!?!!!Seriously, I love you.
4	This place was pretty good.  I had heard about their pancakes from a co-worker and saw all the reviews here.  First off, I wouldn't say that these were the best pancakes I ever had.  They were really satisfying.  But I would never recommend someone go out of their way just to try the pancakes.  However, if you like pancakes or are looking for a nice little diner, this is a great place to go.Pancakes are huge, but deceptively light and fluffy.  At even IHOP, I will eat one of their plates of pancakes and be really full and sick after.  I did not feel that way here which is a big plus.  Perfectly filling.  I like my pancakes really buttery, so I asked for more.  They bring the little packets as well as melted butter.  We also ordered a bacon and eggs meal to split.  The bacon and eggs were good enough.  The hash browns were meh.  I would also avoid the pork sausage, which someone else in our group had.  However, this meal also came with bread and jelly.  They brought fresh strawberry and fresh blackberry jelly.  Even with the pancakes, I scarfed down the toast because the jellies were so good.  They also have fresh squeezed OJ.  Service was good here.We will definitely be back to try dinner and some pie!
4	I was staying in the Golden Gate Hotel for a layover before heading to the Grand Canyon.  Du-Par's served as a great early morning breakfast before the long drive.The restaurant is attached to the Golden Gate and is open 24-hours.  It was amazing how many people were there at 6am- most still in their clothes from the night before!Our waitress told us that she was just finishing her shift and managed to be sweet and attentive after having been up all night.I really wished that I had been up all night and could have justified pie at 6am.  Their pie case just looked amazing.  About a dozen different choices.  All their other pastries looked great too- especially the huge, gooey cinnamon roll.I had really great oatmeal.  Now I know you are asking how possibly you can have really great oatmeal.  Isn't that what old people eat when they can only gum their foods?  Du-Par's puts berries and brown sugar on top that they then brulee.  Seriously good!  My wife had a veggie omelet.  The omelet was huge and came with a choice of muffin or toast and hash browns.  The meal was so huge that she took her whole blueberry muffin to go.Prices are a little high for breakfast time, about $10.  But that would be my only complaint.
5	Purported to serve the 'best pancakes in the US,' Du-Par's lived up to and beyond our expectations!  After reading many positive reviews here on Yelp, we gave it a try and were hooked!  To the health nuts I say: choose a healthy option from the menu and don't eat (or critique) the pancakes! ;)  We both tried the short stack and fell in love!  These cakes are laced with butter and seriously do not require syrup.  Its fun to dunk the occasional bite in the syrup but absolutely not necessary!  The eggs are also well prepared and very buttery!  The hash browns were decent, too, which is not as common as I'd like. Though the place was busy both times we visited, the service is friendly and the meals come quickly.  The prices are proportionate with the serving sizes.  Do yourself a favor the next time you visit the Fremont Street Experience: walk into the Golden Gate Casino and follow the signs to Du-Par's!  You won't regret it! Best breakfast on Fremont Street!
3	We took a side trip up to Freemont Street just to check out "Old Vegas". We arrived a little before noon and my wife was hungry. After looking for someplace to eat that was open and not a bar in a casino, we turned to my Yelp App to help us find a place.... And this is what it found. Ranked fairly high, we thought we'd try it. It has an old school diner kind of vibe to it. There is almost a feel of a 50's or 60's style diner. Even though they came highly recommended, we did not get pancakes. I'm not a pancake fan and we wanted more of a lunch style meal. My wife and I both ordered the meatloaf. What came out was okay, it wasn't great. The taste was fine, good homemade meatloaf with a mushroom gravy over mashed potatoes with spring vegetables. My problem was that the meatloaf was very dry. Thankfully it was swimming in gravy because other ways I don't know that I would have been able to eat it with out drinking something at the same time. The gravy itself wasn't all that amazing, standard mushroom gravy, it tasted like it was from a can. I do believe that the mashed potatoes where real as there were bits of skin in it, but I could be wrong. The service was good. Our waitress or another member of the staff would fill our drinks and check on us as we ate. Nothing all that spectacular. I could see why people would love this place, to me; it was just another diner to eat lunch.
1	The service was horrible, eggs were cold, toast was cold, hash-browns were so greasy we both had to blot off the oil with napkins, and they were under cooked, now that is not easy to do, greasy and soggy. All in all. save your money and head some were else!This place is a ripe off!
5	$1.99 shrimp cocktail and one of the best pastrami sandwiches I've ever had. I don't think you'll find a better pastrami sandwich under $10 anywhere. Definitely a hidden gem.
4	After waking up late on a Sunday and checking out of the Vdara, we needed a place to plop ourselves for a couple of hours for some grub before heading out of Vegas. With a serious craving for some shrimp cocktail we decided that it was time for the annual trip Downtown to the Fremont Experience for some cheap eats. Wanting a full meal not only the shrimp cocktail, and having members of our traveling caravan set on eating the Hangover burger at the Binions we headed over there to find the their whole dining area occupied. Not wanting to wait, we decided on Du Pars at the Golden Gate Hotel as an alternative, seeing as though we could just pop on across the casino afterwards for our shrimp cocktails. Du Pars is located in the far right corner of the Golden Gate Hotel at the far Western end of the Fremont Experience near the Plaza. After waiting about five minutes for seating we were seated in the back dining area. Much roomier than the diner section, but severely lacking air circulation. It was extremely warm, even the waitress was fanning herself with the menus, and other customers were commenting on the lack of AC. I ordered the BLAT burger which was standard. However, their buns were soft and delicious. Some of the best buns I've ever tasted..ha. Travel companions ordered the lunch specials, fried chicken with mashed potatoes and the other was some beef stew. Everything was pretty tasty, but the highlight was the service. Our server, a bubbly lady was extremely friendly and apparently she knew most of the local regulars personally. She really deserves extra credit for creating a friendly, "diner-esque" environment.Plus, my cherry coke never ran dry, which was awesome considering it was hot outside and Du Pars serves their drinks in some of the smallest cups in Vegas.
3	I have been here a few time so far and the food and service has been consistently good. Nothing mind blowing but if I was looking for some good diner food while I was downtown I would come here. if I could I would give it a 3.5 because this restaurant is just a little better than some of the other diners I have been to. According to the other reviews the breakfast here is pretty good, I'll be back to give that a try.
5	This place seriously has the BEST pancakes EVER.  Their desserts are awesome, and we always make it a point to stop here while in Vegas.
4	I haven't tried all the pancakes in the country or even enough for a strong statistical argument, but the pancakes were as good as I could make at home, which is unexpected.  I had the "famous corned beef hash," which wasn't all that spectacular.  Might've been made with canned corned beef.The combination of the atmosphere (this is a very old casino downtown) and the pancakes made this a terrific breakfast spot.  It they had good coffee, I'd give them five stars, but it's just institutional--though they did bring a pitcher of half and half with the first cup.  Institutional coffee is more acceptable with cream and sugar.The pie case, as others have noted, looked really appealing.  If I get back, that will be what I have for breakfast. I noticed they had some breakfast specials, too, e.g., a pancake and bacon sandwich thing.Parking in the area is kind of a problem, at least if you expect to not pay anything.  Might as well park in the valet lot for the casino--if they validate your stub the first hour is only fifty cents.  The tip is up to you, but it will probably be at least a couple more bucks if you're a real high rollin' Vegas kind of guy.
4	I have been eating here for 20 years. This is not a 5 star fancy restaurant. Its not suppose to be. Its a dumpy old diner not renovated since the early 1900s and that's why I like it. Simple menu. Great staff.Prices... this place used to be cheap. However the new owners known as Dupars took over last year and prices went thru the roof. You could.eat dinner here for $8 now expect to pay $28.
1	Ok, I'm not a food snob by any means - I like 5-star restaurants as much as dives, but this is a place that I would definitely avoid.My wife and I had just been dropped off by a cab to roam Fremont Street for the afternoon, and we decided to stop in here for a late lunch.Our first problem was trying to find this place. I kept seeing ads for it throughout the casino, but it is so hidden from view and difficult to locate that at one point we almost left to find another place to eat.After finally locating it, we stood at the entrance waiting to be seated for what seemed like an eternity - while two of the servers looked over at us several times but decided that it was more important to carry on with their own conversation than to seat us.The place was practically empty due to the time of day, and although there were several open booths in the front of the diner with plenty of space, our hostess decided to seat us in a separate room located all the way in the back of the diner. I thought this was a little odd, but not a real big deal.Once we got situated at our table, the hostess left... and then nothing. We just sat there looking at each other, wondering if anyone even knew that we were sitting back there. Now even more time passes to the point where we are almost ready to get up and walk - and then our server appears.Orders go in: one Reuben and one BLT Avo. A short while later our food comes out - and again the server disappears, never to be seen from again until we are ready to leave (no checking back on our food, no asking if we want another drink). The food was mediocre at best. Yes, I know - it's a diner, but in comparison to other diners that I've been to, this place leaves a lot to be desired in both the food and service department.I realize that Du-Par's is part of the "LA coffee shop tradition", and I would gladly try one of their franchises in L.A., but our experience at the Vegas location was bad.This city is extremely service-oriented. If this is a sample of how they treat their customers, they will probably go out of business. I have never been anywhere in Vegas where I've seen service this poor.There are lots of food options around Fremont Street - if you find yourself in the Golden Gate looking for something to eat, I strongly suggest you find another place. If you go against my advice, then you better pray you don't wind up with Erica as your server.
4	Visited DuPars after reading reviews on Yelp! Glad we visited. The pancakes were awesome! My family ended up going here everyday for breakfast because my grandfather enjoyed the pancakes so much. Convenient location in the Golden Gate Casino on Fremont Street. Had an old diner type feel. The service was OK - sometimes had to ask for refills for them to come. I would visit this place again! Not to mention the cinnamon roll was HUGE - it could be a meal in itself!
4	if you can get over the fact that you have to walk through a small, dirty, ghetto ass casino to get to Du-par's, i'd recommend it! haha we went in the afternoon and the card dealers were wearing white button up shirts and black slacks but apparently at night they turn into ugly strippers. huh?? we've been to the Du-par's in LA at the Grove and decided to go to this one in Vegas since we were staying in downtown. they are open 24 hours, like the other locations and the pancakes are still really good. we split a short stack and the bacon, avocado and cheese omelet. the pancakes were crispy and so buttery. we ordered the omelet with egg whites only, and im not sure if that was the reason but it was a little rubbery. the omelet came with a side of hash browns which were cooked perfectly, with a real good crisp on it. the omelet also came with a side of toast or muffin. i got the banana nut muffin which looked good, but was pretty bland like they forgot to add any sugar. the only sweet part of it was the few slices on banana in it. if i was staying in downtown Vegas again, i'd go to Du-par's. just dont go expecting it to be a 5 star place, or any other place that would be on the strip. this is downtown!
3	3.5 starsI'm not sure I  agree with the Esquire Magazine comment that Du-Pars makes the best pancakes in the country,  They are good.  They are fluffy.  So were my mother's.  I guess I'm not a plain pancake person.  When I have pancakes for breakfast, I want something more exotic--banana and macadamia nut, red velvet, cookie crumb, or something even crazier.  Maybe I just grew out of liking plain pancakes.  These are good, but so are many others.I think I'd like to try Du-Pars for a lunch of some kind.  I like the feel of the room.  Our server was quite good today.  She made sure we had refills of coffee.
4	Read about this place on Yelp and thought "why not try it"? Parking can be troublesome around Fremont St. They do have valet and as long as you tip the valet (everyone should tip the valets) you don't have to get your receipt validated. To get the receipt validated you have to go into the Casino to the Cashier. This place was also sort of out of the way and I can understand how people might have a hard time finding it. Once inside though it is a nice little throw back to yesteryear. I went for the pancakes. Hadn't had pancakes in ages. Realized what I was missing. These pancakes are soft, sweet and delicious. Had a banana split with them as well and the combination of warm pancake and cold ice cream was awesome. Pretty cheap place. I couldn't find anything on the menu that was really expensive. Waiters and waitresses all wear throw back uniforms too. Felt like I was in a black and white movie for a sec.
3	We went to Du-Par's last night for late night dinner. We decided to go there based upon the Yelp reviews and in that they are open twenty four hours and well we were starving and right there. It was a nice diner. I would have never known it was there other than the Yelp reviews, it was tucked away in the corner of the casino. Initially we were seated in the back room, which would have been fine but for this extremely loud, vulgar group of young guys which would have destroyed any decent meal. We told the waitress that we wanted to move and she understood. Other patrons also moved away from this group so we were not alone. The diner portion was much more pleasant, not only because we couldn't hear the group anymore, but the decor really felt like a diner. I had the country fried steak. It was solid diner food, nothing stellar but not bad. I think that it was a bit expensive for what it was though $17. I had two over easy eggs; one of which they yolk was broken. Blueberry muffin, homemade - good, but it was dry and we counted two and a half blueberries. When I didn't eat it the waitress offered to bring me toast instead. Hash browns, crisped nicely, but were frozen. Hubby had the Reuben sandwich, fries and blue cheese salad. Fries were good hot and a light batter. Blue cheese dressing tasted homemade. Reuben was on good rye bread, corned beef not the best - sliced deli meat but for the price of $10 much more understandable. Ice tea was fresh brewed which is a must - but almost $3 a tea. I don't understand why the increase in tea prices over the years.... oh well. I asked our waitress, as she was honest, about the pie she said it was homemade, it looked good but I was too full to try any. Also, as a side note I had contemplated their "famous corned beef hash" but the waitress was honest enough to tell me it was from a can! No thanks.
1	Terrible.I went and ordered a cheeseburger and apple pie around midnight one Friday night. First of all, it took a long time for it to arrive. Then the fries were all stuck together and some were cold. The server was nice enough, but the whole experience was one soon to be forgotten. Also, way expensive for the area and the experience made me wish I had gone to a superior dining establishment like In-N-Out. Note the sarcasm. Would NOT go back.
3	I always go here when I'm downtown.  I mean who can resist $1.99 shrimp cocktails!!  Not I!!  The bread and pastry are freshly made and the meat is freshly sliced.  I always get the shrimp though, that's usually a steal for my late night drunken snack.  The ambiance could be better, but for $1.99 I can't complain too much.  Seating is cafeteria style and everything is self served.  It's like being back in the high school lunch line, but the food is much better.
1	A rating of 0.5 would be more appropriate.  Our dinner at this coffee shop proved to be disappointing.  Ann ordered the fresh salmon which came with mashed potatoes, salad and mixed vegetables.  I ordered the halibut, salad, roasted potatoes and the same mixed vegetables. Both pieces of fish were overcooked and everything else was below mediocre with the exception of the veggies.  I thought we could salvage our dinner with slices of their highly acclaimed pies. Ann chose chocolate cream while I settled on coconut custard.  Each was probably the equivalent of a Mrs. Smith's frozen pie though, in all honesty, I have never had a Mrs. Smith's pie so I may be insulting Mrs. Smith.  One last note - our server was crabby.
5	I had the pleasure of having breakfast at Du-Par's Diner in the Golden Gate Hotel and Casino this past Tuesday morning.  I was staying across the street at the Plaza Hotel and walked over.  The place has the authentic look and feel of a classic, vintage down home diner.  The service was excellent, and the diner was very clean and well maintained.  I ordered steel cut oatmeal.  It was a large serving with carmalized sugar and fresh berries on top.  I also enjoyed some wonderful sour dough toast with fresh preserves.  The food was top notch.  I wanted to try many other items, but that will have to wait next time.  I can highly recommend Du-Par's for breakfast.  It was very affordable too.
1	The Skinny: Undercooked sausage, soggy chicken pot pie, and slimy tough zucchini sticks makes this place a no-go (1), service: efficient and friendly (3), value: although the food here is reasonably priced, there is no value to subpar cuisine (1)I really wanted to love this place. I was deeply intrigued by the numerous pies on display, the waiters making freshly squeezed OJ by hand, and the heaping serving sizes enough to feed a football team. However, the food we ordered just doesn't cut the mustard.So I ordered the Las Vegas breakfast special (2 hotcakes, 2 turkey sausage links, 1 scrambled egg) while the hubs ordered zucchini sticks and chicken pot pie. Both of my husband's items could categorically be the worst chicken pot pie and zucchini sticks we have ever eaten.I have never had zucchini sticks that were both mushy and tough at the same time. I am certain the zucchini they used for this item were made from very old zucchini, hence the need to strip the vegetable of its skin. Regardless, it still did not take away the fibrousness. Overcooking also just worsened the texture by making it slimy. The cornmeal crust was overly heavy, and salty to boot.The chicken pot pie made Swanson's frozen version look like ambrosia. An undercooked soggy crust graced over a gelatinous gloop that contained minimal chicken or vegetables. They have obviously attempted to stretch the filling by adding cornstarch to the mix and it shows.My breakfast plate was not great but at least more palatable than my husband's selections. I cut into my turkey sausage links to see a pink center. Call me finicky but turkey anything should not be pink in the middle. I did not touch those so I can't comment on the taste. The eggs were okay but were not fluffy by any means (I'm pretty sure they didn't mix any milk into them). Hotcakes were okay but not great by any means. They certainly were fluffy however, they did not have a nice mildly crisp to them at all. They must add a significant amount of leavening agent in them because it left an odd flavour to them. Served with standard syrup with no maple in them, I have made better pancakes out of a box and they are certainly nothing I would return for.Despite the horrible eats, the service was friendly, quick and efficient. Food was served in a timely matter so it clearly is an issue with the kitchen.Overall, I really wanted to love this place but I couldn't overlook the horrible food we were served. For that, this place deserves a 1 starred review.
5	Early saturday morning, we wanted to check out downtown and hit this place for breakfast.  Great idea, we were early enough to miss the crowds, and got an excellent server, she filled our drinks, offered her opinion and we got a great breakfast. My husband had stated these are supposed to be the best pancakes in the world, what, sure, but then I wanted an omelet of course.  So we split the pancakes, My omelet came with toast and three house made jellies, blackberry, peach and strawberry, I loved them!The pancakes were okay, I didn't feel they were anything special, but then maybe I don't appreciate pancakes?  Anyway, there are many other items that looked more impressive, so might have to return for lunch with a slice of homemade pie.
1	So my friend Matt Stawski tells me he has to go to Du-Par's every time he's on fremont street, it's his thing. So here we go.First thought, wow this place is a legit old school diner.Second thought, there's no old school dineresque waitresses, bummout.Third thought. Well I'm not really hungry, but they do have the "Best" Bread Pudding, so I'm going with that.Let me tell you, it was def not the best. honestly it wasn't even that good, it was kinda shitty. All my friends that I were with also spoke their love for the food, which was none.So yeah I'm not going back here ever. It sucked. The waiter was nice, nothing against him or any of the staff, but the food was shot.
4	I like this place, but it has suffered slightly since sold to a new company about two years ago. The breakfasts are noticably different and not as good. They took away the silver dollar breakfast which was outstanding and my fav. But they make up for it with excellent & friendly wait staff, fresh-baked pies (which are awesome), and a nice old-school diner atmosphere. Location can't be beat, right off Fremont Street inside the Golden Gate.
1	After reading many positive reviews, we had high hopes for this place. Unfortunately, the Yelp reviews let us down this time, WAY down. Although the pancakes were decent, they were nothing to wax poetic about. Two of my favorite comfort foods are fried zucchini and chicken pot pie, but their renditions are the worst that I have ever had, bar none The zucchini had this greasy and thick breaded coating which we ended up just picking off. The zucchini itself had this slimy, mushy yet fibrous/stringy consistency which was utterly disgusting. The chicken pot pie had a thin soggy pastry crust covering a gelatinous starchy filling that was virtually devoid of chicken or vegetables. To call it nasty is being generous. To add insult to injury, my wife's turkey sausage links were undercooked and still pink in the center. While the service was adequate, the value was not there. The meal cost over $30 for the two of us for one appetizer and two entrees with no drinks. At that price, you would expect decent or at the very least, mediocre food. To sum it up, horrible, absolutely horrible.
3	I was really looking forward to trying Du-Pars.  Best pancakes in America?  I am so there.  Well the pancakes were very good, but I like anything drenched in butter.   I'm not sure they are the best in America but they might be pretty damn close.  My husband and I split a short stack of pancakes and each got an omelet.  I was disappointed in my omelet, it was more scrambled eggs folded in half.  I like a fluffy omelet with all the filling inside, not a scramble.  Both of our omelets were overcooked.  The hashbrowns were good, but then again drenched in butter which is fine by me.  I got OJ it was expensive but it was fresh squeezed so what do I expect?  The best thing was the homemade jam they brought for with the toast.  It was sooo good.  Similar to other reviewers we had a hard time finding the restaurant in the casino, had to wait for quite awhile to be seating when they weren't busy with no acknowledgement and sat in the back "no mans land" when there were plenty of spots up front.  Our waitress didn't check on us or see how we were doing.  Needless to say service was lacking.  I wanted to try their desserts but was to full to attempt it.  Next time I find myself drunk and hungry downtown the pie is going down.
4	I enjoyed Du-par's. I have been here several times now. Some times, I go to the section inside of the Golden Gate Casino past the blackjack tables and the bar for the $1.99 Shrimp Cocktail: It's the best flash-frozen shrimp deal in town. I've tried Lanai's and haven't mentioned theirs. Need I say more? I have also tried the side of Du-par's with the sit-down restaurant. The service was really good and cussing is not tolerated there, as some gentlemen cussing were asked to stop and they left, but the manager didn't care. All the guests clapped their hands for the manager. When my love and I ordered, we got their Buttermilk Pancakes: as the recipe has been the same since dinosaurs roamed the flat earth. The pancakes are really moist, fluffy and buttery. The Chicken Fried Steak: was really delicious as well. This is a good place to go to when you're hungry for breakfast at any time in the day, but want something more home-made than Denny's. I will be back.
4	A real diner nugget.  Its no fool's gold.  Always open and always a good breakfast.  The chicken fried chicken with 2 eggs was a thick juicy chicken breast.  Pancakes and omelets are good too.  Your tummy will be a winner here. You'll come out a winner in this downtown eatery.
3	Partying it up downtown and need a place to go? That was the primary reason why my friends and I came to Dupar's. Located inside the Golden Gate Casino, the San Francisco theme carries on throughout the restaurant.The restaurant boasts a wide selection of cafe fare with very little limitations. They have certain specials that run a specific time frame, but everything else is fair game.My sister and I split the Dupar's Trio. A choice of soup or salad, half a cold sandwich, fries, and a slice of pie for $10.95. This was a good deal. The split pea soup was delicious. Thick, rich, and filling are all good adjectives to describe this starter. I would have been satisfied with just this alone. The corned beef sandwich on wheat and fries were standard. Nothing exceptional. Now we wanted something exotic and new to us. Opting for the Gooseberry, it was sour and kind of reminded us of a grape. Between four of us, we shared the coconut cream pie and a piece of warm bread pudding as well. Some mishaps with our waitress had us sending stuff back to get completed and I saw that the bread pudding was warmed in the microwave. Little disappointments here and there lead to us not fully enjoying Dupar's as much as our fellow yelpers.Next time, I will make sure to try the pancakes. This time there were enough sweets on the table and nothing was spectacular. The coconut cream was decent though.
3	On my vacation to Las Vegas, I was prepared with a breakfast location at the Golden Gate casino--across the street from the Plaza Hotel. Their restaurant is nestled in the back (or front) closest to the Plaza-side entrance. It's set up just like a normal diner, with tall etched glass barriers, a long bar and lots of seating all the way around the corner.Bacon Avocado & Jack Cheese Omelette- 3 1/2-stars- I am always on a hunt for a tasty, delicious omelette--in most cases, I find an egg which tastes like egg with stuff inside. The plate arrives with the fresh avocado sliced on top. It is definitely stuffed with bacon--I could call it a bacon with egg dish. This simple flavor combination keeps the egg from being bland, although the avocado didn't do too much excitement overall. Overall, as far as omelettes--and I've had them from one side of the continent to another--it wasn't bad, the bacon helped a lot. I suggest getting the rye bread, although it does have a strong herbal aroma to it. The hash browns which come with it are quite tasty and crispy, but a little too oily for me. I had a slightly sore stomach after--but I'm not an oil fan.Atmosphere-- So close to the casino, you can expect to hear some slot machine noise, but it isn't excessive. The crowd was pretty huge for breakfast, mainly because it's one of the only good breakfast places in the Downtown area--without going too far. And in Vegas things are either too hot or too cold to go far. Other than that, it's just a diner in a casino, which is interesting in itself, right?Service- There was a short wait for tables. I think they made extra room by opening areas for us. The service was decently consistent. (The water was a little chlorinated, so I usually buy soda or juice--I rarely drink tap water on vacation no matter where I go.)Conclusion- This is a nice, basic restaurant, a rare enough breakfast stop for the area. The options for sides were a little limited, basically to pastries, nothing listed for extra eggs or meat--which my friend definitely wanted a mixture of. Still, when you're hungry for breakfast, and you're like me--against all the fast-food chains--you can find Du Par's in the Golden Gate, have a seat and have a normal breakfast.
5	I'm so in love with their delicious pancakes~YUM!!!!!! and their bacon is so crispy ~I wish they would start making more franchise !!rolf!!!! I don't like I hop!!! hahahhahha this is the real mccoy!!!! Will be seeing you guys again!!!and btw, their service is on top 5 stars!!!AAAAAAAAA A happy camper !!!!
4	Recommended by a friend who is a Vegas local for their pancakes. So I had a bite of the pancakes and the French toast and it was full of buttery deliciousness.  I think that's what makes it so good. If I weren't so concerned with gaining tons of weight, I would have gone for the pancakes. But I opted for the Avocado Turkey Eggs Benedict.  It was YUM-Tastic!  I forgot to ask for the sauce on the side, but to my surprise they didn't drown it sauce which made it that much better. The turkey was moist and the eggs were perfect! This is once again an awesome spin on one of my favorite breakfast foods. The restaurant itself is a bit like an old school diner in Old Vegas. Kind of run-down old time diner. Love it! The waitress was cracking me up because she definitely seemed clueless but she kept my coffee cup full.
4	I was a bit jet-lagged and wondering around Downtown Fremont when I felt the pangs of hunger hit my stomach. I grabbed my phone and used my mobile Yelp app to take a look at my options. That is how I found this nifty little gem.I sat at the table and before looking at the menu I was looking through yelp reviews (I know, it's a problem). It seems pancakes were the popular choice, but I didn't want to be swayed by my fellow yelpers. My friend and I decided to split a short order of pancakes and a chicken fried steak and eggs.Service was excellent, everyone was friendly, and the food came out fast.The Chicken Fried Steak wasn't bad, but I've definitely had better. Nothing particularly special about it, the gravy, the eggs, or homefries. I may be a bit biased since I've already found the best Chicken Fried Steak this side of the world (in Fountain Valley, CA no less). A bit pricey for what you get, IMO.The pancakes, on the other hand, were out of this world! They were lightly crispy, or glazed? Yet they remained fluffy and buttery in the middle. They never broke apart or crumpled, nor were they chewy. The most perfect pancakes! They were heavenly.I might consider trying their other items on the menu (maybe in time for their midnight- 7 am specials), and I will definitely come back for pancakes!I have dreams about them now. Damn you, Vegas.
4	Another restaurant in my "Search For New Places" dining adventures, Du-Par's is an excellent little coffee shop/cafe.Their pancakes are touted as "The Best in the Country", by Esquire Magazine, so with hype like that, you somewhat feel obligated to check them out.  I'm not a big breakfast person.  I enjoy the food choices, but I tend to eat later in the day.  But this was a great breakfast.  The pancakes were huge, sweet, and tasty.  I definitely put a huge dent in them during my meal.The missus and I also tried their chicken friend steak, and that was a well done CFS.  The side eggs were also surprisingly good.  I mean, eggs are eggs.  You can put hot sauce on them, mix a few ingredients, etc., but plain eggs?  There's only so much.  These eggs, however, were very flavorful and fluffy.  The only downside was that I thought the entree was a little more pricey than the majority of selections presented.  Don't get me wrong, it was good, but for the price, I somewhat hoped for a little more from it.  Overall pricing, however, is doable.Service was also nice.  I really miss the old coffee house from Binion's as that was one of "our" places, but this has the same sort of vibe to it, and same attentive, courteous care throughout the meal.As a 24-hour place, I will definitely find my way there again, and have to see what other dining options that they have available.  The first impression definitely left me with a happy stomach.
5	Yay!!! Think I found my spot for breakfast...well for a great Eggs Benedict. The hollendaise sauce is great, not as good as mine, but definitely high on the ratings. All it needs is a little more lemon juice, which I used, and it was perfect. While waiting for our drinks, which was a coffee, 2 glasses of orange juice, and water, we were reading the history of the casino and the early decades of Downtown Las Vegas on the paper plate mats. Then after few minutes, we were wondering where our drinks are. Then my boyfriend joked and said "Where is my orange juice? Are they squeezing the orange one at a time or something?" We looked around and my roommate said "Ummm, actually they are!" She pointed towards behind us, we turned and saw a waitress squeezing orange halfs using an old school juicer, one at a time. We all laughed!!!!Love this place, the decor, the atmospher, the food, the wait staff, truly an All-American cafe. Will go there again and again and again.
2	If you don't like pie, a part of my soul dies...plus I become inherently more suspicious of your baked good motives. But I digress, a drunk Sunday night brought a few of us here after everywhere else on Fremont was closed...to think, Vegas actually closes early on Sundays. My brother and I split the Du-Par's Trio ($10.95) - ordering the split pea soup, corned beef sandwich, fries, and the Gooseberry Pie. The soup was the savory highlight, whereas the the sandwich and fries were merely subpar. The Gooseberry Pie is a phenomenon that still intrigues me a month after consuming it. It was tart and grape-like - making me ponder what the hell is a gooseberry anyways? My brother's friends ordered a slice of coconut cream pie and bread pudding. The former was delicious; the latter was slightly concerning. I love myself some bread pudding, but when it's warmed up via microwave, I'm a bit sketched out. But it was still delicious.The food was unmemorable, but the pies were the highlight of the trip. It could be my extreme love for the baked good, but when a place has more pies than I have fingers to count the pies on, I get excited. Unfortunately, Du-Par's pies were not enough to justify such a lackluster visit otherwise.
4	Surely one would know this place is good simply by the line at 11AM on a Sunday.  That's exactly when the Hubs and I arrived on day two of our Vegas eating adventure.  Having searched reviews for a breakfast joint near our hotel, we decided to try out Du-Par's for two reasons... the pancakes and shrimp cocktail.  I know weird combination, but hey that's what they are known for so that's what we got!First of all, the shrimp cocktail, which is usually in the casino area was moved here because the location it normally is served at is being renovated.  We started our breakfast (I know, I know) with this tasty treat.  It was REALLY good.  The cocktail sauce had the perfect combination of sweet and horseradishy and the shrimp were small, so that was unique.  My Husband had the pancakes and ate almost all of them (it was big).  They were so fluffy and light, but packed with flavor.  I had the eggs benedict, which is something I don't normally get, but man oh man was it good.  Simple, but done well.This is a breakfast we won't soon forget.  I really can't wait to go back on future visits to Vegas.  This restaurant surely lives up to the hype!
5	amazing New York chicken friend steak and chicken fried chicken. Huge portions, if you're thinking to spend your money here or at a crappy buffet, this place is definitely going to be worth your money. I was staying at the Golden Gate the first time I ate there, the convenience of it only added to the wonderful experience. Salivating at the thought of going back! I had the same experience at their location in San Diego as well.
5	you must come here if you're visiting downtown vegas. this was a happy accident for my husband and i. we had originally planned to have lunch on the strip, but decided to visit downtown first. thank you yelp for finding du-par's!the pies at the front counter looked amazing. the cinnamon buns also looked delicious. the restaurant was packed and it looked like we were coming in toward the end of a busy lunch rush. my husband started off with a chocolate donut. it was pretty good, but i've had better. we decided to split the chicken fried chicken with mashed potatoes, veggies, fries, and a stack of pancakes. it's good home cooking and i've had good home cooking before.you MUST try the pancakes. seriously, the best pancakes that i've ever had. the edges were crisp and the middle was fluffy. they had to drizzle a butter sauce on the pancakes since they were so tasty even without syrup. i will dream about these pancakes. so good. du-par's is a must go next time...just for the pancakes alone!
4	Love this place.  Every trip to Vegas where we stay on Freemont we eat here...way too often.  Great stuff!  Go there!
4	We found ourselves at Fremont Street the other night after First Friday. I instantly wanted the shrimp cocktail they serve here. They usually have a small area inside the casino where you can get them for 1.99 but due to the remodeling going on you have to get it at DuPars and its now 3.99.Ok no biggie..I must have one! So we each order one and decide to split an order of fish and chips. It was plenty of food. The cole slaw was pretty friggen tasty.We sat at the counter since there was no wait. The only problem is that you are now staring at all the beautiful desserts!Next time I will have to try the pancakes!
4	So...I here this place closed for a few days due to a couple of health code violations. OOPS. I still like it, check out my review from when I visited back in 2011... Du-par's is located at the Golden Gate Casino in historic downtown Freemont Street in Las Vegas. It is tucked away in a corner off from the casino floor, and if you can find it then its worth the search. I don't often recommend eating at a downtown casino however go ahead and give this a try. Du-par's has been operating in military like fashion since the stone age. The staff has been around the same amount of time, and we were well taken care of.   When we first walked in to the large retro style dining area at 5:00pm we were one of only a hand full of customers. One elderly man was just leaving and as he passed by and smiled he gave us an ominous warning "Stay away from the beef stew".  I'm not entirely sure if he was serious but we took his word for it and looked beyond that particular item. Simone ordered herself a pretty basic Roasted Turkey Sandwich on Wheat Bread. The Turkey was a bit dry but was nicely seasoned and thick hand sliced. The bread was good and the Lettuce and Tomato were Fresh. The french fries that came along side it were crispy and very good. Simone also ordered a side of Ranch for her sandwich.  I ordered the classic diner entree. Chicken Fried Steak. A ten ounce sirloin was pounded thin, thickly coated with seasoned flour and then fried to crunchy perfection. It was melt in your mouth tender and not greasy like I expected. It was served with rich and creamy Mashed Potatoes and very buttery delicious roasted vegetables. The potatoes and steak were both drowned in a thick stick to your arteries white peppery cream gravy. It even came with a fresh baked dinner roll for mopping up any leftovers.  This was a huge meal and altogether completely satisfying. In typical diner fashion the dessert menu was loaded with pies and pastries just begging to be eaten. At Du-pars , they further entice you by displaying all pies directly above the bar stool counter. We decided to try a slice of the sweet Pecan Pie of course topped with Vanilla Ice Cream. The crust was perfectly flaky and buttery and we finished every last bite. So don't be scared off by its location ( or its beef stew) stop in and give Du-par's a chance.
1	I give them one star because there is nothing lower. I will just say this: Worst hamburger I have ever eaten. My coworker and I order the same, and had the same reaction, At $11.00 you would think they would at least season the meat. Had two bites and asked the waitress to take it. To which she asked what was the matter, I said "well the meat has no flavor at all, even after I poured salt on it". She gets all defensive grabs the plate and dumps the hamburger in the trash, and very rudely informs me that "THEY DON'T SEASON THEIR MEAT BECAUSE IS FRESH" WTF? To which I answer, well maybe you should start doing it because that was nasty. She then proceed to say that some people don't like it season for health reasons. Well they shouldn't be eating a hamburger then! Or at least the restaurant should warn you the meat is not seasoned. Then she goes and tell the manager, he looks at me walks my way and pass me by with out a word, and leaves the restaurant. SMHAt this point we were pretty much done with the place and waiting to pay our bill which we did, no discount or apologie was offered.We are locals and won't be coming back, but can't help wondering what a tourist may think if they're treated that way in our City. Just unacceptable. The health department recently shut them down with 76 demerits, to bad they didn't stay closed! They would have save me the worst lunch of my life.
4	A hidden treasure on Fremont downtown - Golden Gate casino's 24hr cafe - breakfast available all day and highly recommended.
4	Awesome food, service needs help.  Homemade jam and pastries.  Way good pancakes, and chicken fried steak was pretty dam good.  Many items to choose and they claim to use Harris Ranch Beef. And I won't disagree.  Hard to get to from my house but I love coming here for the homemade jam. Reminds me of my grandmas. Just love it. Oh and the prices are very reasonable.  Also open 24 hrs. Yea buddy this is Vegas.  Beware can get really packed so pick our time wisely.
4	The better half knows I love Pancakes, so when breakfast time came, she said this is where we were going.It feels a little strange finding this gem off of Fremont street, but it is in really good shape compared to some of the nearby places.As other people have pointed out, the service is a bit slow. I think there was actually only one waitress, but there was a fleet of other people going from table to table to do work and clean up.  We kept hoping one of them would take our order.  They didn't.When we did finally get the food, there were no regrets.We don't know what the secret ingredient was for the pancakes, (same recipe since 1938 according to the menu) but I can tell you that unless you are a competitive eater, you don't need to get the 'Vegas stack'.  The 'Short Stack' will be just fineWriting this review is making me hungry for them again!
4	This place is one of my favorite spots to take people when they visit.  It's not high class, yet (to me) it's not ghetto.  I don't think it's too expensive (for what it is).  It's just a yummy place located in a fun area :-) The service has always been at least decent.  Some of the waitstaff is quicker and more personable than others, but I've never had a rude or horrible experience.  Given that it's open 24 hours, it tends to be my go to spot after drinking all night at the bars on Fremont Street.  Also, I love their bleu cheese dressing..I tend to get the same damn thing every time (burger on sourdough with pepperjack cheese, avocado, and other deliciousness) and it's consistently exactly how I remember it.  *drools* Oh man, they have awesome pie too!  Annnnd now I'm hungry..heh
5	Without Yelp, we never would have found this place. Located in the Golden Gate casino, this dinner has been in Las Vegas for practically forever. There was a bit of a wait but we were seated fairly quickly. The staff were all very friendly. Our server, Andrea, was so cheery, I have to mention it. The pancakes are as good as the other reviews say. They offer home made fruit jams for the toast. The orange juice is fresh squeezed per cup. To top it all off the portions are huge. This'll definitely be a regular stopping place from now on.
4	This place is tough to find if you don't know about it.  It's inside the Golden Gate Casino and well worth searching out.  Most of us got the prime rib special and loved it.  The owner came by our table and chatted with us to make sure everything was good, which is something you rarely see in this day and age.  Great find for us, I look forward to visiting again.
5	Legitimately the best pancakes I've ever had! The kind that will shorten your life if you eat them too much, but might be worth it.
5	Loved it for breakfast.  Great food, homemade jam for toast .  Fantastic pancakes. .  Service was prompt and attentive.  Down side is walking through casino to get there, but keep going!
2	So excited to finally check this place out and was bummed.  I guess breakfast is the ticket here, but we did dinner and won't do that again.  I got the meatloaf special and it was not.  Looked alright, but just lacked flavor.  My dining buddy ordered the tri tip sandwich and it also lacked flavor and was nothing special.  The shrimp cocktails were great, but that has always been a Golden Gate classic.  Service was fine, but no reason to go back.
4	On the advice on Angela H. , we came in search of pie. The BF has been on a quest to try all the pie and this was stop number two. This was indeed some really solid pie. I like that their daily selection is quite big, have a special seasonal pie of the month and they have a larger rotating selection that can be special ordered if it is not currently in rotation. We came to take home a pecan and a boysenberry pie. Both were good. The boysenberry was perfect, pecan a little bit too done, but still pretty tasty. I'm not a pie person but those are my two choice pies and I think they did them justice if I enjoyed it enough to eat a few slices over a course of a few days and not get sick of it. Only caveat was that it was busy, hassle to go park and walk so we wondered if it was good enough to be going there. Apparently, it was enough to try again. This time though, we found a much easier area to park and came at a less busy time. BF never had rhubarb so we got one. Good as far as rhubarb, but in the end he didn't like rhubarb. It's always busy in here so I assume this is some great diner food and wonder how I've not ended up here yet  for a after drinks meal. I can only comment on pie for now and  this is some good pie!
5	We were in Las Vegas for only a couple of days and I kept seeing advertisements for prime rib all over town. So it's our last day and I say I want prime rib. I go to Yelp on my phone and search for prime rib, up pops several restaurant suggestions and I go to DuPar's based on stars.  I read Jeff D.'s review (can a guy who's written 279 reviews be wrong?)  and as I decide this is where we will go , we are literally driving next to the Golden Gate Casino. Hubby and I both order the 8 ounce prime rib meal which comes with potatoes, vegetables and horseradish. Everything was perfectly cooked and tasted wonderful. The service was outstanding.  And, for $2.50 more you can add soup, salad, or a PIECE OF PIE to your meal.  I had coconut cream pie and it was so good.  We will be back!
5	I have had 2 items on the menu, pancakes and cinnamon roll. Those 2 are so good, I can't move on to other things. I love the old time diner atmosphere.
4	Pancake was the fluffiest!
1	The pancakes are not all they're cracked up to be, far from, actually. My one star is for the fresh orange juice. I had the saddest hash browns ever, lousy sausage, mediocre eggs and some toast I didn't even care to touch. Could have had the same meal at Denny's for half the price and with better service. On top of that, we had to wait more than half an hour for our meal which of course arrived right at the moment where we had almost decided to leave the god awful place. Unacceptable and below all standards.
4	They have a 2.99 shrimp cocktail that's not on the menu and it is great!! Great service and awesome fudge sunday.
4	Du-par's pancakes were recently (or at least somewhat recently) named the best pancakes in America by Esquire magazine, and, as a pancake lover, I had to check them out. I have now twice brought out of town visitors here and while nobody can verify that they are actually the best pancakes in America, nobody is willing to dispute it, either. They're huge, fluffy, VERY buttery, and served with a dish of hot maple syrup, so you really can't go wrong. I came in with dreams of getting a slice of pie, as well, but even the short stack filled me up too much to attempt dessert.I've also tried the burger here and it was pretty good.Service is quick, although the hostess/door situation always seems weird and unnecessarily slow.Bonus points for being in the Golden Gate Casino, which is the oldest casino in Vegas.
4	The pancakes were amazing. Really. Every once in a while I get an inexplicable, sudden craving for pancakes and MUST EAT THEM IMMEDIATELY. It makes me very happy to know that I have an option for tasty, 24 hour pancakes within walking distance of my apartment. I also had an omelet and some hash browns and those were good but the pancakes are what I remember most. A little on the pricey side, but no worse than the crazy-expensive IHOP on Las Vegas Blvd... and waaay tastier!
5	I can only vouch for the pancakes, because I have never been able to consider exploring any other items on the menu. At Du-Par's the pancakes eat you.
2	It was a Saturday night, around 11:00,  when a group of gentlemen walked into Du-Par's praying for food and a continuation of drinking and all-around revelry.  We were seated rather quickly; but, after that - everything was molasses.  They insisted the 8 of us needed to be placed at two different tables (no problem) and after the hostess left us, we didn't see a server for ten minutes. The gentleman was pleasant enough and very accurate with our orders, just don't expect to be "in, out, and gone."  We ordered our cocktails, the server returned to take our food order, the food came, and our drinks still hadn't arrived.  Realizing how long it took to get a drink, everyone ordered a second round when the food arrived.  In the end, the food was consumed when the first round came and the second round didn't arrive until after the check had been paid.  The grub was moderate; the fried zucchini was a pleasant surprise but, I wouldn't suggest ordering the patty-melt.  If I was stumbling through Fremont looking for some grub, I would probably pass and look elsewhere.
5	Pancakes are excellent, the sausage link make me want more
3	ended up in dupars twice this visit beacuse of yelp. food is good pancakes are amazing, service is way off the mark but they are trying from what servers were saying owners are cutting staff to save money even though the place is busy to the walls, most amazing thing is you even wait 10 to 15 minutes to pay, must be why they are cutting staff no one taking the money and people are leaviing. its a shame because the food is good and the few servers that are left are great!
5	Third time I have been here over the years and without a doubt these are still the greatest pancakes in the land. The short stack has shrunk from three to two, but thats ok because nobody could finish all three anyway. The manager was waiting in the food window and right when the pancakes come out he dumps hot melted butter all over them and then it is served up with a warm carafe of syrup that is dispensed right in front of you - if you sit at the counter, which is the best place to camp out for good service. They are buttermilk, airy and dense at the same time - outrageous. They are only $5.50, but back in 1938 they were only 40 cents (Get the sovenuir menu - the prices were a hoot back then).
4	PANCAKES! Oh wait... I didn't have any pancakes. I am not a fan of pancakes.After a night that featured my bachelorette party my friends and I absolutely needed a place to hit up for breakfast the next day. After rolling out of our alcohol-induced comas at the Golden Nugget we headed up Fremont Street to the Golden Gate. Du-Par's is truly a little "hole in the wall" place, and it's tucked away into the casino, only a small sign points you to the place.Once we arrived we could see it was quite busy, but we were seated directly. Service was a tad on the slow side. And I guess this may be because Du-Par's apparently laid off quite a bit of its staff. At least that is the story we got from the hostess. That is kind of unfortunate, because it definitely showed through with the service we received. Although it was decent, it definitely was not what I would say as very good.Remember when you come here everything is cooked fresh and made to order so the wait time is a tad longer than going to say, IHOP, but it's worth the wait.I decided on the Avocado, Bacon, and Jack Cheese Omelet. I chose wheat toast as a side and it also comes with a side of hash browns. The omelet was absolutely delicious. I loved every bite I took of it. It was cooked so well and the cheese was melted perfectly. The bacon was evenly dispersed and the avocado just put it right over the top for me. Definitely one of the best omelets I've eaten.My friends had the corned beef hash, our toasts were served with a few different jellies - all made right there! Another friend opted for the blueberry pie and noted it was not overly sweet - probably thanks to the fact it was actually made in house and not full of sugar/preservatives.My omelet cost $10.50. In my opinion, that's a little steep for an omelet. I do think the prices at bit over the top for what you're getting. However, it is very good, fresh food. I don't know if I would go out of my way to go back here, but if I happened to be on Fremont Street and felt the need for some food I would probably head here.
1	I'm currently siting in this place and it is so bad that I had to write the review right now. Service was terrible, after waiting 20 minutes to order, they got our order wrong in 3 different ways; after watching it sit on the counter for ten minutes. The old deli was so much better, it's a shame that this is all that is left.
4	Great little breakfast gem inside the GG casino.  Wish I'd found it on our first morning in Vegas instead of our last!
4	Best pancakes I've ever had.  This will be a stop for me in Vegas from now on
1	Oh Yelp, how could you have steered me so wrong?  After taking the kiddies ziplining on Fremont, I met up with an old friend who was looking for something to eat. Rather than go straight home as I had previously decided, I whipped out the trusty Iphone and Yelped restaurants near me. We ended up at Du-Par's and after looking around and ignoring my spidey senses, we waited for a table. As we made our way to the back of the restaurant, I scanned other patrons plates and came to a startling revelation. All the tables were full but 95% of them had no food on the tables...and no forks. The waiters were gathered near the kitchen talking about how they are out of forks. We get to our table and peel open our menus. My friend checks in on foursquare and gets the greasy spoon badge. My fears grow. Jack, a really nice guy/waiter comes over and takes our order. A long while later, he brings our food...or our grease with a little food sprinkled under it. My pancakes were drenched in grease (or fake butter) I took a napkin and soaked it up and the napkin ended up weighing more than my two year old. The kids (who apparently have no taste buds) were happy with their burger and omelette. My friend was too busy taking photos of her grease laden salad dressing to comment...until my son excitedly pointed out an unidentified bug crawling on the booth across from us. We sternly warned him not to identify the bug so as to spare our vomit reflexes and we made a swift exit. I continued to weigh the pros and cons of vomiting for an hour afterwards and my son continued to ask if I was interested in knowing the etymology of the bug that I was trying so desperately to forget.Suffice it to say, I wanted to cry over my wasted $54 and the food/experience tasted like regret.
4	Shrimp cocktail, shrimp cocktail, shrimp cocktail!
5	We eat here for breakfast every day while we are in Vegas and occasionally lunch and dinner.  We stay at the Golden Nugget and this place is just about a half block away.  The best pancakes that I have ever had.   Everything is homemade, bread, jams, pies, etc. and they squeeze your OJ right in front of you behind the counter.  They serve breakfast all day (which is a really good thing in Vegas!) The prices are sooo reasonable and I have never had a bad meal here.
4	I have only frequented this place at 2 or 3 am, but was impressed with the service, atmosphere, coffee, and most importantly food each time.  It is a welcome reprieve from the general feel of Vegas, and I can't wait to go back.
5	Outstanding food,service and price, beef stew was so good
4	Great bfast joint!  Had the country fried steak and eggs...have to try this at all new places.  It was so-so..have had much better.The Mrs. had the center cut ham and eggs...very good!! They have amazing muffins with your meal should you choose.
3	Watered down iced tea, thought they were bringing me water!  BUT don't leave without ordering their famous pancakes!  Huge & very fluffy...so good!
3	Got there and waited for about 10 minutes before we got waited on. Coffee mug was dirty and the service = not that great. BUT they don't lie about their pancakes. Was amazing! I sugged getting that and a coffee and you will just be in heaven. The veggie omelet was nothing special but still pretty good.
4	This place was a real treat. Their food was delicious and reasonably priced. Fresh squeezed orange juice was not a joke. Sat at the counter and watched my glass being squeezed just after I ordered. Only reason it didn't get 5 stars was because it took a little too long for the food to get out. Seemed like a few of the servers were having a couple issues with the chefs. All and all a good spot to get some grub.
1	This is the worst place to eat.  We were recently discriminated by one of their server's named Sheila.  We waited for her to bring our food for well over an hour and watched others get served.  We felt so awful about it that when we got back to our hotel we called the manager.The manager named Rose, told us that we could have dinner on them but at that point we decided  we wouldn't eat there ever again.  We politely asked her if she would be willing to compensate our lunch because the service was so poor and told her that we felt discriminated against.  She told us that we were not discriminated and that that word didn't exist in her language.  Then she stated that if we brought her the receipt she would compensate our sandwiches.  I was in disbelief, there was a pause then she yelled "OH HAVE A NICE DAY" and hung up on me! I will be filing formal complaints.
4	A very cool nostalgic diner.  Includes black and white marble tile flooring to the stainless steel pie cabinets.  They expanded the front and added a few more tables at the entrance, but to get the real deal try to sit at the counter.Here it's breakfast food for sure.  Their pancakes are as they say, the best in America!  They also do a really cool bowl of oatmeal with fruits.  Now that's really healthy.They make a ton of pies and they have added a display case at the entrance, but be forewarned, they sell out fast. Overall, the service was great, the food was good and the prices were decent.  I'd say, a keeper for the downtown area.
3	Du-Pars Restaurant is a trip back in time to a 1950's Vegas diner.  The food is comfort food done well.  I usually have one of their under $10 specials - the pancake sandwhich for breakfast (two pancakes, one egg, bacon or sausage) and the spaghetti plate for dinner.  The omlettes are also very good and the price includes one of their huge fresh-baked muffins.  If you just want an appitizer, try the fried zucchini sticks.  You won't leave hungry but you will leave with a few dollars to drop on the slots.  I haven't had any major problems with service that some other reviewers experienced but have found that the service is usually better at the counter or one of the booths across from the counter than at the tables room in the back dining room.
4	it is what it is people, a greasy spoon as it would have been back in good old 1955yeah that shiny stuff on the pancakes it's called butter ok?it's not a health food place, they're open 24/7 so don't go in expecting Mastros or anythingthat being said you can expect a great nostalgic era diner atmosphere of the 1950'sall the way down to the black and white checkered tile and the waitstaff outfitsyou can expect a great cup of joe and fresh squeezed orange juice and yes indeed, the have the best pancakes in America period!they still have the famous shrimp cocktail and yes it's a must doI was there this last holiday weekend had no problem getting seated and served on two seperate ocassions. I make it a point to stop in here every time I'm in town and so should you.Just remember its a quick fix pick me up if you want awesome pancakes, or a samich or hand made pastry item, or even the famous shrimp cocktail to go after a night of drinkingif you want the full on breakfast with all the trimmings, go to ihopbut for what it is, it's really good and very well priced for the portions given
2	Stopped in here after a long night of partying with friends. The service was pretty good. We had a pretty descent waiter. The environment was shabby, somewhat dirty and just dingy overall. Then again, it was in an old hotel and at 4am, you're not coming there for ambiance, if you know what I mean?I ordered the omelet and hash browns. Greasy, Greasy, Greasy!!! I devoured the entire thing however, because I just needed some sustenance after a night of.....hanging out. :)Overall I wont be eating here again anytime soon unless I'm in the area after a long night of......hanging out and need to grab something to eat. I guess that's what we get for not being near a Denny's. lol
3	My grandma made pancakes very similar to these but added a little buckwheat.  I can't duplicate her recipe but the cooking style is to fry the pancakes in a little oil or butter so they get a crispy edge.  A bonus is if an edge fries then more batter seeps over to create a double crispy edge.  I would assume the pies and pastries are the same as the ones in LA, of which the boysenberry is very good and difficult to find anywhere else.
2	Fellow Yelpers, is this what you consider to be good food? In Vegas?! This would pass with 3 or more stars if it was situated near a freeway exit, but in Vegas this is unacceptable. First, the pancakes: Greased up without my consent. With what, I'm not sure, but I'm going to guess butter. The texture was insane. Super dense, but full of air bubbles. Really weird, and neither appealing nor tasty. And the 'center cut ham slice' for nearly $8: Dry. Dry. DRY!!!!! And greasy?!?!?Ugh. The prices on the menu were astounding and if they can't do pancakes and pre-cooked ham right, I shudder to think what one of their $30 steaks would be like!
4	Fairly tasty and won't break the bank.  I had an omlette was ok.  They use real eggs and milk for their omlettes not water.  The eggs benedict was ordered by my guest.  It was amazing.
2	My friends and I wanted to try the famous pancakes but when I saw chicken noodle soup on the menu, I had to get that. I love soup. I had a few bites of my friend's pancake and it was very good.  The soup, on the other hand, was disappointing.  Not much chicken flavor at all and was oily.  I'd have the pancakes again but not the soup.
5	One day while my sweetheart and I were sitting and waiting for an oil change on our car I pulled up Yelp on my phone. I was just browsing my bookmarks for a reminder of places that I still want to check out. I pulled up Du-Par's and started reading a few reviews and I showed my boyfriend some of the yummy photos and said we have got to try their pancakes sometime!Ok we are hungry as we did not have breakfast or lunch yet so the car is done and my boyfriend is headed downtown and is taking me to Du-Par's! Yay! Mmmmm I love my spontaneous boyfriend he is so loving!My first impression upon walking into this restaurant was the pie case and what did I spot? A banana cream pie to purchase and take home oh yes! I asked the kind lady behind the counter to please set the pie aside for me as we were going to dine in. I have been looking for banana cream pie made from scratch for awhile I was a bit excited when I saw this beauty looking at me through the glass! It was delicious with real whip cream and a nice cream filling with real banana slices, mmmm!We start off with two of their famous shrimp cocktails! Those were very tasty and a nice treat to start our meal off with!We knew ordering pancakes were a must so we decided to do breakfast this day! We ended up ordering a short stack (2) pancakes to share and we ordered an avocado, bacon and jack cheese omelet, comes with hashed brown potatoes and your choice of toast to split between us as well. It would have been too much food if we both had ordered a main course and pancakes plus we both started off with our own shrimp cocktail.  The food is great! I loved the homemade strawberry jelly for my sourdough toast, I have never had anything that good! The pancakes were delicious, golden butter sweet magic in my mouth! Mmmm yum those were some pancakes to savor for sure!We really enjoyed every single item we ordered including my iced tea something so simple even tasted better here! lolWe will be back for sure! The prices are higher however the quality is worth it and this is not a place you go to everyday in my opinion. It will be a spot we go to from time to time when we want something special and have a bit more money to throw around.i love the old school ways of this wonderful restaurant. All around is great, the service, the atmosphere and the food is Amazing!My phone died so I was only able to snap a picture of our shrimp cocktail and my whole banana cream pie I snapped pictures of later from home. Mmmmm yummy!Thank you Du-Par's!
4	I've been to Vegas many times and have stayed on both the strip and Downtown many times.  I'm from Hawaii, so like a typical "Hawaiian," I've mostly gone to the various Boyd establishments (California, Fremont and Main Street).  In an attempt to try other things, Yelp helped me find Du-Par's Restaurant and Bakery, located in the Golden Gate Casino & Hotel.First things first - if you want to park at the hotel, the parking lot right by the hotel is valet only, despite the sign saying it's self-parking.  I didn't want to put up a fight and the valet was free anyway (just needed to tip).Once you get to the restaurant, I was quickly reminded of an old-school diner, and if you're from Hawaii, it reminded me of a big Liliha Bakery.  I opted to sit at the counter since there was a long line and my order was quickly taken.  Per the reviews on Yelp, I opted to try their pancakes.  Much to my surprise, their pancakes were also ranked one of the best by Esquire Magazine.  Trust me - they were good! They were light, fluffy, and buttery, just what I expect in a pancake.  I also ordered some side dishes (pork sausage and eggs).  Those were pretty garden variety - I guess you can't mess those up.  Try this place out - I came here twice on my last trip and will return on future trips.
1	I am posting segments of a letter that I sent to the Golden Gate Management on the experience I had a Du-Par's.... EAT SOMEWHERE ELSE - THE FOOD AND THE SERVICE AREN'T VEGAS STANDARDS. We went to DuPars at 10:45pm where we found a short line. We waited as two tables were seated in front of us. After several minutes (approximately 5 -6 minutes) the hostess came out with her drink in hand (she was drinking it as she walked over) as if she had just taken a break. With as busy as the restaurant was, we assumed she would have some sort of urgency, but there was none. There were 5 open tables that we could see from the entry way. We were seated in the back at a table for two directly to the right of the kitchen door and were handed menus to look at. When given drinks, the cups were plastic beer cups and we were told that all the glass cups were dirty because they were very busy that night. We  waited 15 - 20 minutes after our drinks had been completely emptied to flag down a different waiter to ask if we could get some refills. This was done promptly by him but we were, once again, given plastic cups instead of glass. We waited another 20 minutes for our food to come out (prime rib and halibut dishes). We were not given forks in the table setting. My boyfriend got up and went to the kitchen door to ask for two forks for our meal. The female buser that was there handed him two forks, but one of them was dirty. He requested clean silverware so she grabbed the forks out of his hands and slammed them on the counter - loud enough for me to hear the noise from the table outside the door. At this point, we had enough of the rudeness and incompetence from the staff and requested to see the manager. While waiting for him, 2 forks were set on our table by the female buser and she walked away to another table that was still close to us. The manager came over and was speaking with my boyfriend - he was explaining ALL of the issues that we had so far in the experience. The female buser that had slammed down the silverware came over and attempted to argue and interject herself into the conversation between my boyfriend and the manager. Since the manager was not advising his staff to allow my boyfriend to speak, she was promptly advised from my boyfriend that the conversation was between himself and the manager and that she needed to leave. The manager was advised of the plastic cups that we were using even though every other table that we could see in the restaurant was using glassware, extended wait period for refills, dirty silverware, and inexcusable treatment from his staff. He apologized and said that the restaurant was very busy and his staff didn't know how to handle it. While all of this was going on, our food was on the table while we waited for the issues to be resolved. Once we had utensils, my boyfriend and I started our meal. my boyfriend's meal of prime rib was hot and very tasty. My meal of halibut was ice cold and the veggies were so hard they were inedible. The manager apologized again and asks if he could get another one made - the server informed us that the meal takes a really long time and that they were really busy tonight. my boyfriend had to ask the manager if my halibut could be expedited to which the manager agreed. My boyfriend enjoyed his meal while I waited for the food to come out again. The manager came over after approximately 15 minutes with my dish and waited while I cut into it to make sure it was acceptable. The dish was delicious once it was made properly and served immediately. The manager did visit our table again to make sure that everything was going OK and offered us "free pie" to compensate for all the issues that we had that evening. We laughed as this meal WAS compensation for issues that we had during check in at the Golden Gate hotel. We did not take him up on the offer of "pie" as we found this to be ridiculous for this experience. This was BY FAR the worst experience either of us had EVER had anywhere in Vegas - the manager can't control his staff and the the staff are RUDE AND INCOMPETENT!!!!
4	I've never had anything that I disliked. Love the shrimp cocktail and the pancakes
3	Quaint busy coffee shop type restaurant. Decorated in the 30's type San Francisco theme. Something for everyone at this diner. Stocked bakery case from pies, cakes, desserts and pastries.
3	I'll keep it short and simple:DuPars is a decent breakfast place for when you have a breakfast craving in the middle of the night and don't want to get in the car. The omelets and hash browns are good. The pancakes are fabulous. It's extremely expensive for what it is.I was disappointed to learn upon reading the menu that this place is a chain - from California (ick) no less. During normal breakfast hours there are much better choices in the neighborhood but for that late-night pancake attack, DuPars is the place to be...if you can get through the hordes of tourists on the way to the Golden Gate.
2	I hang out downtown quite often, and I've eaten at this establishment many times, often for the $8.25 french toast special after midnight, which is way awesome, except sometimes it's slathered in way too much butter, and the service is usually good, but not great. However, this time on 11/3/12 I went in there around 1 AM and the service was not that great. We asked for lemon with our water and didn't get it, we asked again and we still didn't get it, and then on the third time we finally got them, but we were out of water by this point. Also, when the food was received, we didn't even have any silverware setups. In addition, instead of my usual french toast, I ordered the brownie sundae. Now I love desert, and try the brownie sundae in nearly every restaurant I go in, this was by far the most horrible brownie sundae I've ever tasted. While the brownie was warm, it was dry and tasted stale. When I took my first bite, it tasted like I was eating a spoon of powder. I don't know if it was just an old brownie or what, but it was not good. Also the completely drenched it in hot fudge and whip cream. I don't know if this was to mask the horrible brownie, but it was a sad attempt. I told the waiter who's name I'll withhold that I didn't want it anymore, and his response was just "well, I can't take it off the bill". Usually not tipping is a sin to me, but this service and food just didn't deserve one. When I went to pay at the register the manager is who rung me up, and he was a little more apologetic at least. The sad thing is, we brought a guest from out of town to this restaurant to show him some awesome food & service, but came away disappointed and embarrassed, as the pancakes he ordered ended up having avocado/guacamole on the bottom of them, making him lose his appetite. Still, I'll probably be back due to convenience and it's french toast.
4	Great portions and so cheap. Take a cab from the strip downtown and have good food without the figure head name. This resturant has been here and stood the test of time.  Freshly made chicken pot pie, hot fresh yeast rolls. Late night grub under $10.00
3	I cant really say their famous pancake is good or not... Ultra greasy and buttery - kinda chewy,,, I guess it is an old style pancake that your dead grandpa loved,, or something like that. I still like it,, but I dont know I should give even,,,4 stars.Pies are the same. They are ultra sweet - Not special at all. I prefer Marie Callenders. Everything - atmosphere, taste, service is oldschool - and it might make elders feel comfortable. Its all about nostalgia. I love it. I keep going back. But I just cant say the food is good,,, to be honest. Well, who expects great food at diner anyway? I would kill myself if they start to serve Spanish tapas and Spider rolls...
3	After seeing high praise for Du-Par's from fellow Yelpers, it was time to find out for myself.  I was pleased to observe that the now $2.99 world-famous Shrimp Cocktail is still just as good as ever.  Deveined shrimp were plump, cold, and tasty with a slightly zesty Cocktail Sauce.  They were relatively small, but not watery in the least.  Vaunted Yellow Split-Pea Soup, with a lot of ham and bits of green peas, was very good and satisfying.  But, while the Country Gravy was very good, and the whipped Mashed Potatoes well made, the Chicken Fried Steak was a little tough, so the main dish was only fair and somewhat disappointing overall.    Iced Tea arrived warm, was quite strong, and quickly melted all of the ice in the glass, plus the extra ice requested.  A roll was blah and tasteless.  Cooked carrots, zucchini, and broccoli were okay.  A slice of freshly baked Chocolate Meringue Pie was excellent.Service was pretty good, and seating comfortable.  But the carpet was old, worn, and littered.  A mixed result!XXX-1/2 overall!
5	Awesome great place! Love the vintage decor and feel of the place. The pancakes are actually very good, along with all of the other food. We also had to order the world famous shrimp cocktail and were glad we did. The shrimp were very fresh and the cocktail sauce was spicy and horseradishy!
1	Horrible food! I had the prime rib and it was overcooked and dry and I had the baked potato and it was hard! I could barely eat it. My wife had the country fried chicken which is a Vegas special and she said it was really chewy and gross. Never going there again. :(
4	This is a quaint place that really reminds you of the history of Las Vegas.  I've always heard about this place but finally was able to visit before an event downtown.  I was really looking forward to the breakfast but since I had to be not comatose I opted just for a piece of apple pie and boy was it delish! I loved how they even offer to have it warmed up.  I need to return for a full on breakfast and hopefully share a short stack with someone to nullify the diet guilt.
4	FINALLY!!!! I felt like a little kid in a candy store.... I love breakfast... and even better after a night and day of drinking and Vegas fun!!!
5	Great breakfast!!  Pancakes were excellent!! Nice atmosphere!!
5	ate here twice during my stay on Fremont St in November. First night I just had 2 shrimp cocktails for a grand total of 5.98$, it was a cheap dinner and filled me up quite well. Shrimp could be bigger, but had great flavor and the cocktail sauce was great. 2nd time I ate here, I had the pancakes. Let me tell you, these pancakes were the tits. In addition to the pancakes, I also had corned beef hash, eggs and toast. (I was pretty drunk, that's why I ate so much) I will def. come back here on my next trip to Vegas
4	Breakfast, old-school Vegas style at the Golden Gate Casino.  I've lived here for 20 years and never been to the Golden Gate until Yelp told me that I should go and check out the pancakes.  Esquire Magazine said they're the best in the nation--really?  As a fan of Babystacks Cafe, I felt like a traitor the first time I ate here, but they are really two different experiences.  There's nothing like parking at Binion's and walking through the Fremont Experience with the all the lights, the sounds, the drunks, and the smoke to get to the restaurant.  The Golden Gate this morning didn't seem as smoky, though, which was nice.  I brought my gal pal who'd never been there and although she doesn't like pancakes, she loved the bacon--weird.  I had the Hotcake Sandwiches special, which was two pancakes, 1 egg, and 1 slice of bacon. The egg and bacon were standard issue, nothing special.  The pancakes, though, were scrumptious.  Fluffy and full of buttter--very rich tasting.  I couldn't even finish one of them and I don't know why!  I still love the Cinnabun pancakes at Babystacks the best, but if you're a fan of buttermilk pancakes, get downtown and experience these for yourself.
4	Went here for breakfast.  Service was excellent with coffee flowing and the waiter checking in from time to time.  Coffee is Farmer Bros. which is one of my faves with breakfast.  My folks had an omelet while I had chicken fried chicken.  I thought I was going to get a chicken fried steak but I misread the menu and didn't realize it was actually a chicken cutlet.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The gravy was tasty and the chicken cooked perfectly.  I also tried the wife's french toast which were light and fluffy.  This place is in the Golden Gate Casino and parking is a bitch unless you valet.  What's even better is that it doesn't have a casino feel.  Highly recommend.PS..the banana cream pie is the best I've ever had.
5	We read some reviews here at Yelp and was a bit skeptical about trying Du-Par's. I am SO GLAD that we went. From Dave in Valet to Lupe in the restaurant to, of course, the food, everything was FANTASTIC!!! We couldn't stop eating. I couldn't decide between the lentil or yellow split pea soup. Lupe offered to bring a sample of both. The yellow split pea soup won by a fraction this time. It'll be the lentil next time. They were both that great!!! Next were the Buttermilk Pancakes. Just kill me, they were FRICKEN AMAZING!!! They give you THREE GIANT pancakes, clarified butter and maple syrup. Finally we had the French Dip Sandwich with Fries. It was made with REAL prime rib. It was cut not to thin, not to thick, just perfect. And it was prepared perfectly. From the minute we drove up and was greeted by Dave until we left and Lupe was waiting at the checkout counter to say goodbye, our experience was PERFECT. We even walked through the hotel and casino areas and found LITERALLY everyone to be kind, helpful and seemingly grateful to be employed by the Golden Gate. Quoting a famous person, "I'll be back"!!!
4	A 24 hour diner that serves good food???  Not totally unexpected in Vegas, but seriously... the food here was pretty damn good!At 4 AM and at just about any time of day, I'm always a sucker for a good chicken fried steak or chicken fried chicken with gravy.  With a couple over easy eggs, this is food for the soul.But the clear winner of breakfast was NOT my tasty country fried steak... rather it was my companion's Du Par's French Toast made with homestyle thick white bread.  Seriously thick, seriously sweet, seriously good stuff.  We ordered up a slice of banana cream pie, which had all the great making of a homemade pie... fresh bananas, delicious, and a perfect way to end the meal....Until we found out they had just finished their first batch of donuts for the morning made fresh from the kitchen.  So we got donuts.  Went to the airport.  And fell asleep for our ride back home.  An excellent ending to Vegas after a long night of fun!Verdict:  If you're in the area and looking for some good quality food, hit up Du-Par's.  That old time diner feel mixed with fresh homemade food, you'll leave with a happy stomach.Bonus:  Service was spectacularly down to earth and nice. Even while the rude guests behind me called the waiter loudly by "boy" demanding service, he served up service with a smile and played along best he could.  Our waiter constantly checked to let us know when the fresh donuts were ready... an extra effort that really made you feel wanted, even at 4 AM in the morning.
5	One night over the summer I was at Freemont Street with some people I knew.  The night was filled with a few beers and some walking around.  One of the guy suggested this place in the Golden Gate casino.  I had never heard of the place.  So with our late night munchies in full effect we were seated at our table.  As I sat down I  immediately took out my trusty mobile Yelp app to investigate what the menu items looked like.  I started reading reviews and all I kept seeing was pancakes, pancakes, and more pancakes.  A bunch of of reviews that read, "get the pancakes!"  I sat there in a bit of an slight inebriated state.  The waitress seemed a little annoyed as the rest of my party already ordered.  I stared deep into the menu and do you know what I ordered?  A cheeseburger..... (Record scratch.)  Yes a plain 'ol cheeseburger.  Like I mentioned before I was a little intoxicated and I panicked.  The table laughed at me because I keep saying I should get the pancakes.  Our food came and one of the guys ordered these delicious pancakes.  Keep in mind these are the pancakes that Esquire magazine voted the best pancakes in the nation.  I ate half of my cheeseburger and asked the guy who ordered the pancakes if he wanted to trade.  They give you a lot of pancakes so he had a lot let over.  So I sat there eating the pancakes he ordered, with a big smile on my face.  I have since come here a few time with my family.  I was sober these other times.  I have to say the wait staff is great.  They are some of best.  If you are downtown or want to go enjoy some great pancakes then you have to come to Du-Pars.  Don't forget to order the pancakes!  Cheers!
3	A short wait on a busy Sunday morning. Service was attentive by servers and busboys. We went for the pancakes, they were great! Omelets were standard, not outstanding. This is a great stop for Hawaii visitors who stay at the Cal or Main Street, you know who you are!
4	I tried this last night and I must say....WINNNNN!I won last night because I had a large, fluffy short stack for $6 bucks that had hot butter drizzled on top and maple syrup. It was amazing! Could not have expected this from such a small place like Golden Gate. Above and beyond expectations. Great food!Took one star off because first waitress I encountered was rude but the one I was switched off too was sweet as pie and fast server! Thanks Debbie!
5	We were staying at the Golden Nugget and were surprised to find the Du-pars in the Golden Gate - down Fremont Street.Immediately I needed the pancakes for breakfast! My NEW WIFE...decided on the PRIME RIB ....it turned out so great - that we ate here 3 times during our trip!Thanks Du-Pars!
5	I always spend a night downtown on Fremont St. while on vacation here in Vegas, and  never expected such a great diner tucked away in the Golden Gate casino.Dupar's is known for its Pancakes, and they are truly amazing. There were fluffy, and delicious with no hard crispy texture that ruins a good pancake.The service was fast, and friendly, and the Pancakes will keep me going back every time . Winner all the way.
3	Great breakfast food. Pancakes live up to the hype and two people could split a short stack. Hash browns were super good too. The inside is cool since Golden Gate is the oldest Casino in town and they have maintained the restaurant decor from several decades ago which is a rare find and I personally always appreciate. End compliments section. Begin rant section (aka, "critique").$8 for 3 pancakes (though super good) and $4 for  a side of hash browns and additional craptastic service with 20-30 wait periods courtesy of the waitress for no additional charge, don't do me any favor's here guys.Apparently the L.A. ego of Du-par's carried over to Las Vegs, the food doesn't constitute the price or the lame staff.  Here's a tip, go to the Golden Grill (also 24hrs) at the Gold Spike on the other side of Fremont. Half the price, about the same quality, you'll definitely have better people watching, and less tourist. And the staff...who knows? But you're not paying 3x's as much so who cares, right?This place is ok for downtown. and the rest of the menu looked good. I wouldn't go back for breakfast. It's way overpriced and I'm huge on crappy service (which happens a lot out here). I might consider dinner but even then, that looked kinda eh in my opinion. There are other options in the area that are far better for a quick bite, a reasonable sit down, or nice sit down. This sits in that grey area of I'm not sure if I'm getting what I'm paying for knowing I can get the same thing anywhere else. Hell, Denny's just opened up the street, I may as well have gone there.
5	This little gem hidden away in the Golden Gate Casino is worth the walk and sketchy "Downtown" parking situation. The food and atmosphere are family-friendly, as long as you're willing to walk the kiddos through a bit of the Casino.  They specialize in comfort food, and it's always good eating at Dupar's!  Having their buttery, sinful pancakes should be on everyone's bucket list.  You haven't tried pancakes until you've tried them at Dupar's!  All their food is prepared fresh with quality ingredients and it shows.  No pre-cooked bacon or egg beaters like IHOP.  This is the real deal.  I order the country-fried chicken breast which comes with mashed potatoes and gravy and vegetables.  It's delicious!  The crust on the chicken is perfectly crunchy, and the mashed potatoes are not overseasoned.  The vegetables, surprisingly, are stellar and cooked to be tender, but still maintain the firmness and integrity of carrots, zucchini, etc.The prices are downright cheap for a Casino restaurant and they have daily specials too.  Service is hit or miss, but when the food and price is right, I always come back!
3	Open late night for decent food. Thought this was where the $.99 shrimp cocktail was but apparently not. It seems as some parts of the hotel have been remodeled. However, the shrimp cocktail is advertised but not at that price. It's still worth it. The restaurant is clean and the service was friendly. They bake their own pies and pasties too! I grabbed a slice of banana cream pie to take bake to the room. It was really good.
5	AMAZING pancakes. They are butter basted and amazing. We also had a shrimp cocktail ($2.99) each, and the house made horseradish cocktail sauce had a great kick. We wanted to return, especially since this place is open 24 hours, but didn't get a chance to. However, this is going on my must-visit list.
5	For some strange reason, I was craving pancakes this morning. I can't remember a time in my life when I actually wanted pancakes for breakfast. Therefore, I had no idea where to go for a good pancake. IHOP? (too mainstream), the original pancake house?  ( overrated)  Denny's? ( Ewww!)Thankfully, I remembered I had access to the Internet. I did a search for the best pancake in Las Vegas , and the choice became clear. (Du-Par's)We pulled up to this casino and used their valet service. We told the guy who took our car that we were there to try the pancakes. He assured us that we wouldn't be disappointed. Well Sir-- You are so right! I tried the short stack ( 2 pancakes) and shared them with my 3 year old son. However, my wife also had her fork in my pancakes ( a bit too much for my liking ). My wife refused to follow my lead, and ordered the egg breakfast with hash browns and toast.  It didn't take her long to figure out that I ordered the better breakfast of the two. These over-sized, buttery, delights are the best pancakes ever. Hands down, case closed, over and out!I was in a pancake coma, so I didn't realize that the service was mediocre. My wife reminded me that the hostess ignored us for a while, and that the server was not friendly at all. Obviously, it didn't bother me that much, Once the food arrived, I was in a zone!******PLEASE NOTE ********The drinks are over priced! They charge $3.00  each for soda and iced tea, My son's small apple juice was $3.50. Ridiculous!
5	Wow. Have you ever eaten something so good, that you can't even put into words how you feel? I have been plagued with this behavior many times and I've noticed everyone handles it differently. I for one, just close my eyes and make lovey dovey noises (please see the diner scene in When Harry met Sally). My husband on the other hand sometimes calls his mother. Prepare for the feeling of pleasure and happiness to overtake you after the first bite of these pancakes. Our order was only the pancakes and eggs and hashbrowns so we didn't sample the menu like we usually do. I wanted something savory to go with my sweet pancakes. The eggs and hashbrowns weren't anything special. But maybe I'm saying that because of how superior the pancakes were. Who knows? They have some homemade jelly there, too. I tried the strawberry and the orange marmalade. Props to the marmalade. I would eat that shit on anything. Their bakery case looked so delish. I had overeaten and weren't going to be home for a while so I couldn't take anything with me on the way out. This place is in the Golden Gate casino which is at the end of the Fremont St Experience on Main St. Park at the valet because if you park at the Fremont Experience your walk is too far. We are big on asking people that work at the place we are at what their fave food is. It's a good rule to ask your waitstaff what they order, it's a good indication of how good the stuff is. We asked our valet guys if they like Du-Par's and they spent 10 mins raving about everything from the pancakes to the meatloaf. It seems like we have a culinary landmark on our hands Las Vegas. I would recommend this place to anyone with a huge hangover, or just someone wanting to treat their family to a sweet surprise. Hooray!
4	Having lived in Los Angeles before moving to Las Vegas I have been to all Du-Par locations in the L.A. area. I have known that Du-Pars has had quality food at reasonable prices for years. So when I came across the Du-Pars in the Golden Gate Casino on Fremont Street I had high hopes.Du-Pars is not just a diner; it is a Classic American Diner. From the moment you walk in you can feel the ambiance. Not just see it. You just feel at home when entering. As you come in the have their bakery case. Each day Du-Pars bakes its own Donuts, Bear Claws, Pies, Cinnamon Rolls and other items. You don'twant to miss one of these items. Save room for sure.The restaurant is very clean and well maintained. All of the servers are quick to serve. And what great service. When you are first seated by a hostess, the server comes quick to offer you coffee or another beverage. When my drink approaches empty a refill is not far behind. The servers are also quick to see that everythingis to your satisfaction.Weather you are there for Breakfast, Lunch or Dinner you cannot go wrong. If you go for Breakfast you have to try the Hotcakes. A short stack is two pancakes, but the size is huge. That is all I can do. Their lunch and dinner items are classic comfort food. Large portions and a lot of taste. If you go for lunch or dinner make sure you save room for a Cinnamon roll. They can be shared between two people, but you will probably want one for yourself. Other than home made, these are some of the best Cinnamon rolls I have ever had.One last suggestion is to get a cup of coffee. The coffee is smooth with not much bite, but flavorful. It is some of the best diner coffee I have ever had. Thank you to Tiny Nalor and the Nalor family for starting Du-Pars. This is a real classic not to be missed.One last thing. The check will not break the bank here.
3	I've had this place bookmarked for sometime now after reading all the rave reviews from other Yelpers.  I'm in DTLV a lot and have no clue why I've missed this place, especially with all the great reviews.  Located inside the Golden Gate Casino in Fremont.  DuPars is tucked in the corner and is a rather small restaurant.  Since Golden Gate is small itself, DuPars is easy to locate.  As soon as I opened the menu, I realized something.  I've been here before and to be honest, I wasn't impressed with my first visit.  I remember ordering what I thought was a Ham, Steak, and Eggs.  For about $15, I thought that this is a fabulous price.  When my meal arrived, I asked the waitress "where the heck is my steak"?  Turns out that I missed read the menu.  For about $15 it was a HAM STEAK and eggs.  My mistake and since I was craving steak, my first turn out wasn't good at all.  This had to be over 3 years ago and I have since learned my lesson. This time I made sure I got steak and eggs the right way.  I got their NY Steak w/eggs.  These steaks are grain fed, but I really didn't notice the difference.  The steak was a little dry and the eggs were small in portion.  I swear I probably had one scrambled egg, it's that skimpy.  My meal was just okay and since I've had better for about the same price, I have to say I was disappointed.  There's plenty on the menu, but nothing that really jumped out to me. I thought the portions were small for the price.  The service was actually better than the food.  Attentive, drinks kept full, lines but quick seating, and easy check out.  Would I come back?  I probably would only if I'm in downtown already.  I may even bring up my rating after trying their pancakes, which is what they are known for.
2	I've been to Du-Par's in Los Angeles at the Farmers Market. Great place with great service. This Vegas location, not so much. We sat out front closest to the casino in a kinda dark eating area. After sitting down and deciding what we wanted, we waited for about 10 minutes to get our drink and food order taken. I ordered a California chicken sandwich. I hated it. The bread was toasted only on the ends which meant the rest of the bread was soggy. The chicken tasted cold and bland and the other ingredients were messy and not worthy of the price. The best thing on the plate were the french fries. My girlfriend ordered a turkey sandwich, chicken soup, and piece of pie. It was all disappointing. The bread on the sandwhich was so soggy she didn't even eat it. It grossed her out. Her soup tasted like Campbell's soup from a can. The pie was cold and not even warm or fresh. In LA, they warm the piece of pie up for you. It even took the waitress about 6 minutes to get us basic things like salt, pepper, and ketchup. Why aren't these on the table. I paid the check and told the cashier that I didn't think I would come back. The people at the table over us were also talking about how much it has changed since they came to eat here the year before. I'm not going back. Disappointing. Disgusting.
5	It's not the Farmers Market in Los Angeles! Oh how great it is to have a lil part of home. Tired of the bland foods they serve at most of the restaurants around this area. Let's face it great tasting food is not downtowns priority. But the Golden Gate did it right bringing in Du-Pars.   Breakfast here is great! The pancakes are super moist and big. I've had a few other things on the menu and they have been very pleasing. The one thing I really like is the fresh OJ. If you sit at the counter you see the staff cut the oranges and squeeze the juice.   There's a few events that bring me to the downtown area of Vegas. Having a Du-Par's I can walk to for a short stack and OJ the next morning after a night of drinking hits the spot. Swing on by and get a taste of Los Angeles here in one of the oldest hotels/casinos.
4	Thankful for friends visiting town they found this hidden gem in downtown. I  am not much of downtown person so of all places Golden Gate Hotel famous for there 99 cent shrimp cocktail. Who knew there was more too it for food? I never knew. Lol! It tucked away right off too the side when you walk into the casino. So very easy too miss it. I been too Golden Gate few times never thought there was anything on that side except more slot machines. I love the whole look of the restaurant. The white checker board floor, too the whole old school dinner look right up front (the counter area up front classic) with the milkshake machines, the waitress dressed in that old school diner look, and some table with red and white checkerboard tablecloth. Old school Vegas downtown pics on the wall. Cool. One of the dishes they're famous for is the pancakes. I never been much of pancake fan or much of breakfast person. I would wake up for these pancakes too start the morning off right. It nice fluffy not too heavy or dense pancake. OH my god! Talk about lot of food. I got the short stack could barely finish one pancake. They have lot more things on the menu. I will go back try if in the downtown area. Warning if get the pancakes not going too have room for much more food.!
4	The little hidden gem in Vegas great place to get great breakfast check it out
4	I absolutely love this place.  Small spot inside the Golden Gate Casino but the food is amazing.  You would never think it is but it is!   So far we've had the steak, pot pie, pancakes, french toast and pretty much a slice of any pie they have.  2 thumbs up for these dishes.  Anytime we're in Vegas we make it a point to come here at least twice.  Once for breakfast and the other for dinner.  Totally recommend it!!  And if you're asking why I didn't give it 5 stars well I'll answer that.  It's not due to the restaurant itself, it's due to the location.  I absolutely hate having to go through that grungy corner or the casino, its full of smoke and smells horrific.   That's the only reason this spot gets knocked down to 4 stars.  Don't let it hold you back though, check it out!!!
4	I stopped by here the day after new years for breakfast and expecting a long line which it was about a 20 minute wait! Ended up sitting at the counter instead! I ordered the pancakes  = BEST EFFING PANCAKES I EVER HAD! They're damn tasty. Had eggs which i ordered scrambled but they came sunny side up what sucked. Got bacon, ham sausage which was great but those buttery pancakes! DAMN! You must try em!!
4	Solid diner food.   All of the dishes I have had, breakfast (ham and eggs) and lunch (club sandwich), have been good.   What I really love about this place is the shrimp coctail and the pies, muffins, and cinnamon rolls.   The blueberry and banana nut muffuns are fantastic.
4	I have only been here for breakfast, never any lunch or dinner. The breakfast is always good. Best pancakes ever!!!!  You will not be disappointed.  Big, fluffy pancakes. They pour melted butter over them before they are served, the pancakes soak it all up. The syrup is good also. The other breakfast items are good too. The eggs are always cooked how u ordered them. The hash browns are diner hash browns, always good.  The hollandaise on the Benedict is canned, but still okay. The pork sausage is flavorful, but just a little dry. Every time I go I get the pancakes, BEST PANCAKES EVER!!
5	This place is AWESOME!!  When my friend said Esquire magazine listed these as "the best pancakes in America", and he had tried them and agreed, we went and now I totally agree! We kept going back on our trip to Vegas, and I will definitely recommend this to friends.  We ate breakfast here a few times, lunch, and deserts.  Everything is fresh.  The OJ is like drinking an orange.  The pancakes are fabulous, buttery, kind of crisp on the outside and perfect fluffy on the inside, with delicious syrup!  It is too much to finish when you get the breakfast for $8 that includes an egg, two plate sized cakes, and two sausages or bacon slices.  The portions are, of course, Vegas sized.  The bread is fresh baked and you can taste it.  Pie is delicious, all tastes homemade.   The chocolate strawberry pie had actual big strawberry pieces in side the creamy chocolate.  Amazing!  The second breakfast I tried the was hashbrowns, bacon, and toast. Potatoes were great, and bacon cooked right.  The only thing I didn't like was the jelly for toast.  Way too sugary and would have preferred a homemade type jam, but if that is the only complaint who cares?  DuPar's is on Fremont, in the Golden Gate, at the very back corner across from the Plaza.  If you go early for breakfast it is less crowded.  It is an old Vegas place, but don't let the outer casino judge the inside of Du-Par's.  It is well worth the visit. Service is fast, friendly, food comes quick and hot, and it truly is great!  Prices are also fantastic in a city where the strip prices are ridiculous.  It is an old-school restaurant with a lunch counter, booths, and waitresses in white hats.  Definitely try the pancakes.  Something I rarely order at breakfast.  They are classic!  Go Go Go to Du-Par's!!!!!
5	Let me start out by saying how much I really love PIE.  I fact, I think I ma baking one today on my day off.  Great little greasy spoon find.  Whether it's late at night or early in the morning the food comes out great.  I'm in love with the freshly squeezed orange juice.  Delighted by the apple pie.  Breakfast in the morning or like me BRINNER (breakfast for dinner).  Oh, and yes, the pancakes are the BEST!  Service here is fast.  LIke lightning speed kind of fast.  I tend to find that greasy spoon type of places have the best staff simply because everyone is about the customer.
5	In the very place where Las Vegas Casinos got their start is this amazing restaurant. Home to a fantastic shrimp cocktail, all of the food here is fresh and delicious.So far we've tried the Chicken Fried Steak, Prime Rib, Country Fried Steak, shrimp cocktail and Banana Cream Pie and we haven't gone wrong yet!If you find yourself downtown drop into Du-Par's for a meal.
4	Really good pancakes and fresh orange juice. A bit of a wait but well worth it, you wont be disappointed if you love fluffy pancakes.
5	The menu said they were voted Best Pancakes in America, so I had to order them.  Then I realized the award was given by Esquire magazine.  Hmm... what do dudes who read Esquire know about pancakes?  I want a review from Fatties Who Don't Care magazine.  Or the Aunt Jemima Fan Club.  But from fitness-conscious, fashion-aware guys with jobs... I began to doubt my order.But dangit if the folks at Metro Mag don't fully grasp the meaning of pancake perfection.Du-Par's serves the best "hotcakes" (I miss you, grandma!) I've ever eaten in a restaurant, hands down.  Fluffy, rich, sweet-n-savory yumminess.  And because we sat at the counter (do NOT make me wait for breakfast if you want to keep all your digits), I saw one of the reasons why: a ladle of melted butter goes over the top of every order.  Now, that's using your pancake.The portions are large.  Order the short stack, and don't add on too many sides, or you will end up like the Mr. -- a sighing, struggling pawn in the war between his tastebuds ("eat it all!") and his stomach ("she's gonna blow, cap'n!").Breakfast was such a delight that we made friends with the fundamentalists sitting next to us -- even after I accidentally mentioned creationism isn't a real thing.  But as we were under the influence, we all just smiled right through it.  All hail the diplomatic powers of the pancake.
4	One must have you need to order here: shrimp cocktail for $2.99 full to the rim! I came here for lunch and I was starving. The shrimp cocktail was so refreshing and good! I gobbled it all up within 10 minutes. We came here for lunch and to be honest, I really really wanted to order 2 more orders of shrimp cocktail....but my friend was giving me the eye so I got the burger instead. It was pretty good. This is your typical american joint -- had an old time feel to it. Think midwest american diner. Would probably come here again if I were in the Fremont street area.
3	While staying at the Golden Gate Hotel & Casino in Feb 2013 my 2 cousins and I ate here.  I had the beef stew, one cousin had the spaghetti and meatballs and the third had a bowl of soup and a chicken salad.- Everything was fine.  - Service was friendly.- Prices are fair, which is surprising inside a casino/hotel eatery.- Portion sizes are filling.
3	After visiting the children's discovery museum, was looking for a kid friendly restaurant nearby.  This was identified as such and the website listed a limited kids menu but when we got there, they had no kids menu. We were able to find something they wanted ( chicken strips and fries) but the prices were a little high.  $50 for a family of five with three young kids with nothing but water to drink seemed a bit pricey.  Service was good and the food was good too at least.
4	$2.99 for shrimp cocktails.  WOW,  best buttery pancakes I've ever had.  YUM.  Wished I had room for dessert.
4	Cool little diner downtown vegas just like the one in your hometown!  But the prices are higher.  I love getting a ham steak and egg breakfast here - it's great.  I appreciate they will substitute a fruit bowl for potatoes on their breakfasts.  Excellent service.
5	Probably the coolest breakfast place i've ever been. The griddle is incredible but the bakery is well insane. The portions are ginormous so bring your appetite or split a meal. The service are very professional and wear the old school uniforms from the '40s? This place has been there for 75 years I believe and I hope they never leave!
2	WARNING! This place gives you ONE piece of toast with your breakfast...wtf???
4	We came here for the famed pancakes. The place is near Freemont which is the model for the decline of Western civilization and everything that's gross about Vegas. Nonetheless we made our way over. We were seated quickly and while walking through I was checking out what people were eating and nothing looked good it was like deli food. You know the kind of place where you get a lot of food, but not really good food. I went with the pancakes and they were awesome. There was something about them, maybe that they were a little crispy and buttery. They were great.Service was fine but nothing memorable. Imagine, writing in your diary...'dear diary I had such great service at a restaurant today...my life is complete.'Go for the pancakes, I had them for dinner, and skip the rest.
5	Two of us had breakfast here late April. Quality and quantity of the food cannot be beat, old fashioned diner atmosphere with friendly employees. My wife had the bacon and avocado omelet, could have used a bit more cheese and avocado. I had eggs over easy with sausage and hash browns. We have never left here dissatisfied or hungry.
4	I was having a staycation downtown for my birthday and like any time I'm hanging downtown I found myself hungry at 1am. I hadn't tried Du-Par's so we wandered in.First the interior is perfect. Nice red leather booths, long dark wood counter, great atmosphere. We were greeted and seated right away. The menu has a good variety of options. I chose the triple special which is a half sandwich, salad or soup and pie. At just $12.95 it was a good deal.  I had the BLT sandwich and everything was fresh, well cooked. The only reason I gave 4 stars was the salad was just average and the iceberg lettuce was a little brown. But the pie was excellent! I chose coconut cream and it was so rich and flavorful.This is a great late night stop that I will return to.
4	I wish I could give this place 5 stars. The pancakes were 5 star worthy. However, the rest of the experience here was sub par.First of all, these are hands down the best pancakes I've ever had. Some say they are too greasy... I didn't notice. A short stack filled me and I had nothing else to eat.At first I actually ordered eggs and hashbrowns on the side with my pancakes. This was a bad idea to begin with. However, the eggs and hashbrowns were cold so I sent them back and told them I didn't want new ones. The problem here is that 2 other people I was with also got cold food. There is no way I could give 5 stars when this place is handing out cold food.Service was fairly average. My coffee was constantly refilled but they never refilled my water once. Also after the check was dropped off they were no where to be found.Come for the pancakes but don't expect anything more.
5	Had to get some of Du-Pars buttermilk flapjack goodness!.....still the best pancakes I have ever had.....never disappoints.....excellent service....five star breakfast.
3	Perhaps my problem is that no one at our table ordered the pancakes. Those seem to  be the big thing that most people are 5-starring.I gotta tell you, though, the omelete fillings are a awfully skimpy. They say there is pepperjack cheese in the Denver omelete. I didn't see a shred of cheese in mine. Perhaps I should've sent it out for forensic analysis. And if these were three-egg omeletes, they must've been pigeon eggs.I've enjoyed much, much bigger omeletes with way more generous ingredients, for significantly less than Du-Par's $12.50.  All four of our hash brown orders were burnt.There's nothing "wrong" with Du-Par's. But there's just not a whole lot *right* with it, either.
5	Great place! I'll get to the food in a minute, but first I'd like to talk about the place itself. Du-Par's is in the Golden Gate Casino which has recently been beautifully remodeled but still retains its Old Vegas charm. Both the casino and the restaurant have beautiful woodwork and the scale of the building itself is refreshing. Unlike the Strip's mega-high ceilings and giant gaming areas, the Golden Gate feels cozy and more like a boutique hotel. Du-Par's also has something rarely found in casino restaurants- WINDOWS! This place has natural light and booths with windows right to the street. I love that. The pancakes are superb and so was my veggie omelette. The hash browns were great and I can't say enough about the fresh, hand-squeezed OJ. The service was excellent and valet parking was a breeze. For some reason the security guard seemed to know that we were on our way to the restaurant because he told us how to get there without our even asking. We must have looked hungry.
5	Good food! Amazing pancakes! My husband loved the French dip and clam chowder. Good service! Good prices! Would recommend!
4	This place is a hidden gem. Food was delicious and reasonable price. The atmosphere and decor were awesome. This nice part is having windows to let the sun light in. Will definitely go back for breakfast/lunch.
5	HOTCAKES!!! The best I have ever had. Everything we ate was amazing!
4	A staple dish of downtown Vegas, the shrimp cocktail, is the best item on their menu here.  It's not widely advertised, but it's a heckuva lot better than Lanai's 99 cent shrimp cocktail with teeny weeny shrimp.  Du-Par's $2.99 shrimp cocktail comes in a sundae glass drizzled with tangy and spicy cocktail sauce that really hits the spot.  The shrimp are cold, well-sized, and delicious.  Whenever our hero is downtown and feeling a nip hungry, he tries to stop in for a shrimp cocktail here at the bar.PROS:- They have a legit old time vibe with throwback uniforms and classic decor.- Service is fast and friendly.- Prices are value oriented.- Their $2.99 shrimp cocktails are the bomb!CONS:- There's no nearby washrooms in this restaurant.  You have to walk through the adjoining casino just to wash your hands.- Their pies aren't very good.
3	The pancakes at Du-par's are pretty good, albeit drenched in butter. Before a certain breakfast joint opened downtown serving the best pancakes in town, this was my go-to place for awesome pancakes. Again, they are not light at all and if you end up ordering sides your bill can really add up. But still, there are very few diners in town and I like how the stools face the kitchen and the atmosphere in general is pretty cool. The service is lacking, I have never once experienced nice wait staff but whatever. I once took home a slice of apple pie and I was not impressed. The apples were too sweet, kind of hard and could've been canned. But, in their defense my mother makes the best apple pie IN THE ENTIRE WORLD so it's hard to compete with that.
5	My 100th review deserves to be a 5 star one! Congrats DuPars! I've been hearing about this place for a while now. Old cafe style in a run down casino?! I'm there! Not to mention the claim of the "worlds best pancakes" was a bit intriguing. My daughter, boyfriend and myself were heading downtown not sure exactly of our destination and I remembered this place. If you valet park at the golden gate, it's a simple walk thru the small casino. Otherwise park anywhere allowed downtown and find your way. The waitresses and decor somewhat reminded me of a Waffle House. So right of the bat I was happy. The breakfast and lunch menu had TONS of comfort food classics. Never in my life did I think I'd order a meatloaf sandwich, but I did and was so happy about it. The kid had French toast with blueberries and the boyfriend went with a chicken pot pie. And then of course as a table we ordered a nice stack of pancakes. The super sweet waitress actually stopped and asked if we were serious when ordering all this food. (Did I mention I also had a $3 shrimp cocktail?) Well be proud miss waitress cuz we killed it ALL. The pot pie needed a little salt n pepper, but THAT'S IT! That's my only complaint. Great food. Genuine service. Exactly how I would expect an old school, cafe, Waffle House, waitress in cute outfits- type of dive should be! Well done.
5	Great food, nice atmosphere, clean restaurant. Pancakes were rated "Best in the US" by Esquire magazine and they are quite tasty! Great food for a moderate price.
3	Part I:  L.A. (circa 1980)Doo-Doo-Doo-DooDoo-Doo-Doo-DooDoo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-DooDoo-Doo-Doo-DooDoo-Doo-Doo-DooDoo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-DooI am sitting at the counterwith my fatherwho's an artistI am ten andhe is fiftyand we both areeating pancakesI enjoy thefather-son timeas we both pourmaple syrupAfter spreadingon the butterwe are eatingand are happyPart II: Las Vegas (2013)Doo-Doo-Doo-DooDoo-Doo-Doo-DooDoo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-Doo-DooI am sittingin a far booth with my wifeyand my motherAnd we all areeating pancakeswith the syrup and the butterIt is not likewe remember'cuz the pancakesare just O.K.And the serviceis not friendlyTakes a long timeTo get ordersWhile the pancakes are real tastyIt's not the best pancakes around...
4	First time at this restaurant and so far it's very good. One thing is you should order the shrimp cocktail first because it comes out right away and your main meal takes awhile. The shrimp cocktail is huge for $2.99. The staff is real nice and the lady manager too. Great bfast place!
4	Great Breakfast Food served up fast and friendly Huge Pan Cakes Good Coffee and the price isn't too bad I also seen them Fresh Squeezing Orange Juice I wish I would of known earlier but next time if your in a hurry they have a bakery case full of muffins and doughnuts and other pastries that looked real good
4	I went in skeptical about the pancakes but they weren't lying when they said these are the best pancakes!!! I'm definitely coming back here when I come to Vegas again. Next time I wanna give the shrimp cocktail a try :)) I only gave it 4 stars because I didn't like the country gravy. But the pancakes are 5 star all the way!!!!
4	Finally somewhere with oatmeal (already very sweet without caramelized sugar) and excellent fluffy pancakes - and I dislike pancakes.
5	Open 24 hrs =huge plus after a night of partying. Returned several times during our trip --in the wee hrs of the morning, each time we found Great food, great service, excellent pancakes! And the home made strawberry jam is amazing!
1	Food is great here and owner of casino hotel is great as well but they have a horrible nasty hostess/cashier"Aida". She called security because our large party wanted to sit together. Manager took care of us. Terrible that 1 bad employee can ruin an experience.
4	Best pancakes ever. Had the homemade cornbeef. It was a little dry. old school style diner. Excellent service and the jam for the toast was awesome. Went back for 2.99 shrimp later in the day. What a deal!
5	Best pancakes ever. Had the homemade cornbeef. It was a little dry. old school style diner. Excellent service and the jam for the toast was awesome. Went back for 2.99 shrimp later in the day. What a deal!
5	Classic downtown Las Vegas coffee shop.. The food is great, the portions huge, and price for portion size is very reasonable. I've had everything from the very large pancakes to some of their great sandwiches. The best coffee shop downtown hands down.
4	Classic diner, simple, uncomplicated, and welcoming. Coffees are refilled regularly, so the service is pretty good.$2.99 for a generously sized shrimp cocktail. Small shrimps, but they give a lot of it. Cocktail sauce is good too, a good amount of that horseradish(y) spice.- Buttermilk pancakes Brilliant golden yellow color. Glistens with a brushed layer of butter. One of the best pancakes I've ever eaten. The butteriness pairs perfectly with the overwhelmingly fluffy pancake. The crispy edges of the pancake adds a great crunchy texture, which just reinforces the fact that is just one of the best pancakes ever. Once maple syrup is added, it just becomes pancake nirvana. This pancake is just that good, I couldn't stop eating more of it.-French ToastGolden yellow color, with a small dusting of powdered sugar. The french toast was also very delicious; the layer of egg providing a savory element, while the bread and maple syrup provided a sweet element. The slightly crunchy crust also provided a nice textural contrast from the soft bread and egg.Other entrees: -Turkey Club sandwich--------------------------------------Definitely come here for the pancakes; it should be a capital crime to come to this establishment and not order the pancakes. The $2.99 shrimp cocktail helps curb that craving for shrimp cocktail without breaking the bank. Definitely a good place to stop by if you are ever off the Strip and by downtown Vegas, and have a craving for breakfast or brunch in a diner setting.
3	Seated immediately!  Went in around 9:15am. Sat at bar and watched them squeeze fresh orange juice for every cup ordered.  Service was good, didn't have to wait on anything.  I ordered the las Vegas special, 2 hot cakes, 1 egg, and bacon or Turkey for nine bucks.  It's plenty of food and the pancakes are fluffy.  I also liked the huge donuts for sale in the front.  They are approximately four times the size of a regular sized donut.  They had chocolate and glazed available.  I enjoyed my breakfast.  The pancakes were good at first bite, but I think I lost interest towards the end of the meal.  They serve huge portions for most of their meals, so I guess I got full quick.  Was it worth it, yes.  Will I return, yes but I won't make a huge effort.  Bacon a little overcooked, eggs had no seasoning but were fine.  Bottom line, another regular "diner" that sells huge pancakes and pastries.
5	Du-par's, located inside the Golden Gate on Fremont, actually set the bar for the best eggs benedict I have ever had. The eggs were cooked perfectly and trust me, i have had many a disappointing and over cooked egg. Every time it happens i reminisce about how beautifully poached my eggs were here. It will always hold a special place in my heart. The service also rocked and the pie slices i got to go definitely hit the spot a few (ok a bit more than a few) beers later. It's a great little diner atmosphere with egg-cellent breakfast and baked goods.
5	The Best on fremont st. Its located in the golden gate casino! !! That's the only complant was a little hard to locate but was well worth it. Luis was our server and was the best this visit to Las Vegas.The food was a great value the portions were very large and coffee was ok. Restaurant was on the small side so go early it fills fast and enjoy.
4	We went here because they had Eggs Benedict which my girlfriend and I both wanted. It was a bit pricey, but very good. The service was good. Very attentive and friendly. The food came out pretty fast. It, like the hotel rooms, had an old fashioned feel to it. It was nice.
4	Du-Par's is located in the back corner of the Golden Gate Casino at the non-hipster end of Fremont St. I've been in Golden Gate many times throughout the years, but never even knew where the restaurant existed until I went searching for it. Hidden behind a field of slot machines you come across the small opening to the restaurant, which opens up to a diner-style counter area with a display kitchen and several booths. Beyond that is another dining room with several booths and 4-top tables. Being that the restaurant is fairly small, I've heard of long waits for breakfasts and even at lunch we were limited to two seats at the counter by the kitchen. I guess they're known for their pancakes, but the menu has everything from greasy appetizers, salads, sandwiches, several burgers and some great looking pies.They actually had more pre-designed choices of burgers in their menu than some dedicated burger joints in town which made me happy, and also gave me a tough choice. After some deliberation I went with the bacon and swiss burger. The patty was small, but the meat is good quality and supposedly formed daily. It was slightly overcooked but wasn't too dry with the tomato and other toppings to help support it. The flaky, gooey bun had the most prominent flavor, and was very good; it was slightly grilled, buttery, and crunchy on the inside layer. The thousand island sauce was almost too sparse, and gave it a mayo flavor instead of its full intended flavor. I'd either provide a heftier helping or none at all. The bacon was nice and crispy with good flavor, but maybe a tad salty. The cheese was very well melted but a bit overpowered by that flavorful bun. Overall a very decent burger.The fries were thick and good, but maybe a few of them were too undercooked for my liking. At $12.75 I'd say this might be on the slightly more expensive side of what you'd expect for a meal on Fremont St, but based on the quality this is a good value for the money and just a good burger. So while I can't say the same for the one at Binion's, if you find yourself on Fremont hungering for a burger you can't go wrong here.
5	Visited again and it didn't miss a beat from the last visit. Tried a few new items and they didn't disappoint either. Coconut creme pie is a must try! Can't go wrong with a drunk meal at dupars at 5 in the morning. Great service too!!!
4	Four stars for the pancakes alone. We were there 11-1-13 @ 2 AM after all the craziness on Fremont on Halloween. Fish and chips were great as was the chicken pot pie. Great crust on the pot pie. But the famous pancakes were awesome! Worth a trip downtown. Even service was attentive on this busy morning.
5	Wow talk about a delicious hole in the wall restaurant! I of course had to try "best pancakes in the U.S." & boy were they delicious! Plus they had boysenberry syrup-extra yumm factor! :)
4	Pancakes! Get the Pancakes and you will not be disappointed! Pan-Cakes!!!
1	Recent newspaper review by popular columnist rated this place as B minus. That's being liberal. Tune salad sandwich had 1 tablespoon of tuna salad on each half. Overall, doesn't compare to original in Los Angeles.
5	Stick to the pancakes and steel cut oatmeal , and you won't regret it! Came in with the family last weekend for breakfast. Although we ordered a few other things it's not worth the rave. But the pancakes and oatmeal are!!! How can oatmeal be so good? Smooth and creamy.. No lumps at all. Topped with sugar and berries. The pancake was the best I've had from a restaurant! Fluffy and buttery. Sinfully delicious. Ah I'm drooling..
5	This place reminds of those train car diners in the movies back in the 50s. The staff is friendly, quick, and helpful as this was my 1st time here and had a few questions about the pics I seen on yelp. Lol but the pancakes are as good as the other reviews stated. The corned beef hash was ok? I don't care for onions. The chicken noodle soup was pretty good and tasted home made. I have to return to this place to try all the other dishes I watched come out of the kitchen as I sat on the counter drooling and waiting patiently for my food:)
5	Fast & pleasant service two days in a row..Hubby had Turkey, Avocado Eggs Benedict both days..I had a typical bacon, eggs. & potato breakfast the first day., but the subconscious day I had the famous pancakes & bacon..They come with. 3 homemade jellies..So delish..I also had a shrimp cocktail .. All shrimp no filler.  Yummy
4	Had a late breakfast on a Saturday and it was pretty busy. We waited in line for 15 minutes but it was well worth it.
3	The pancakes are the best in the world.  Good food. It's a little pricey for what it is though...  You are paying tourist prices.  They DO NOT have locals special prices.  Too bad.
1	Absolutely the worst service. I got seated at the counter and it took a good 5-6 minutes before anyone greeted me. WHen I did greeted the waitress asked me if I was ready to order, (no sorry for the wait or hi hello) I told her i've been waiting for 5 minutes to order and she doesnt respond back. After she took my order she never stopped by, she never refilled my coffee had someone else refilled my coffee. After someone else dropped my food, no one came by to ask me how my food was. All this time at the counter I sat next to a dirty plate. Place like this doesnt care about the service cause either way people come in regardless. Very very disapointed in the service. I will never go back here again.
5	Best pancakes in Las Vegas and the omelet was yummy too!  What a great surprise to find this delicious breakfast spot buried in the back of an old school Vegas casino.
5	Small old school diner in the heart of DTLV. After a weekend at Life is Beautiful, I was looking forward to breakfast here. This was definitely the highlight of my weekend. While waiting in line for a table, I was able to drool over the pie case and all the lovely pastries being displayed. After being sat, we all ordered the famous shrimp cocktail (it only makes sense to pair it with breakfast) and of course the pancakes. I'm a definitely not a pancake lover. I don't like syrup, and when I do have pancakes (which is very rare) I need peanut butter to top it. Well, these pancakes were amazing and they live up to all the hype. The fluffiest, velvety stack I've ever had. They served a boysenberry syrup with it, made in house, and this really gave it the flavor I needed since I don't do syrup. Portions are pretty large, so my friend and I did split the pancakes and omelet. Unfortunately we didn't save room for pie. Always next time.
5	Items selected:CoffeeBread Pudding with Ice Cream, Caramel, Walnuts, RaisinsShort Stack PancakesShort Stack French ToastGlazed Donut Hot at 7amAlmond Bear Claw Hot at 7amA veritable Los Angeles institution that I'd always neglected given their ever-evolving dining landscape I was admittedly excited when I found out that DuPar's famous pancakes could be found in Las Vegas at the Golden Gate Casino, but it was not until I found out that they were available 24/7 and that some inebriated friends from out of town were there post-clubbing just as I was finishing my morning run that I committed to a 5:15am Saturday visit.  Located right in the heart of downtown where the last of the nighttime crowd was returning to their homes/hotels free street parking was an easy score and with myself the only person in the restaurant who'd actually been asleep the night prior it was mere moments before we were seated, coffee poured, and orders taken - a plethora of carbs from which my friends would merely pick at prior to retiring for the night thus leaving me with enviable task of playing cleanup to some truly textbook diner food, decadent desserts, and even a pair of fresh baked goods as I hung around abusing the free Wi-Fi and copious coffee refills until 7:00am.  Without a doubt the sort of place where quality and quantity both matter it really came as no surprise that both the restaurant's French Toast and signature pancakes, even as 'short stacks,' were immense but outstanding - the pancakes particularly light and quite literally 'melt-in-the-mouth,' but perhaps more impressive were the pastries and bread pudding - the donut a lightly raised and amply yeasted version without a bit of grease, the "bear claw" reminiscent of the Hungarian Nut Horns at Christmas during my youth but warmer and 10x the size, and the bread pudding a dense, steaming hot wedge covered in caramel and ice cream that rivals the best I've found in Sin City - especially at 5am.
5	Killer food for an even more awesome price. Everything I had was on point with an old school dinner... scratch made, simple comfort food at a great price. Also, loved the holiday decorations inside.
2	Checked in to my Fremont Street hotel and immediately checked Yelp to find a good affordable place to eat within walking distance.  I visit Vegas pretty regularly and have a few favorite places to eat so I figured I'd try a new spot.Walking in, the place looks like a classic breakfast diner.  I was there during a rare Vegas off season so we were the only ones in the restaurant.  The service was mediocre.  The waitstaff was friendly enough but slow and made mistakes with our bill.The food was okay.  I ordered the chicken pie which was somewhat tasty but somewhat bland.  The strawberry rhubarb pie with ice cream for dessert was the best part of the meal.  Overall, I'd probably give this place 3 stars for being average anywhere else, but I hold Vegas restaurants to a higher standard since the competition is so high.  I can list a handful of places with better food, better service, and cost less, most of which are within walking distance of Du-Par.  Happy I tried it out, but i probably won't be returning during my next visit.
3	I always end up eating here after a pitcher or seven. Somehow my lolling body finds its way into this diner. With all of the barley pops my buddies have imbibed, they look like they took an ice pick to their frontal lobe. Du Pars is absolute solace after escaping the kaleidoscopic circus that is the Fremont Street experience. Low murmurs from orders in the distance. The gentle pour of a cup of joe. Just anchoring your body to a chair in the diner is like taking two aspirin. Du Pars claims to have the best pancakes, but they seem more fine than outstanding. So we can close that mystery box. Their eggs benedicts could be better. And for some reason I keep ordering ham steaks there, so I'm not sure what that means. This is ordinary diner food that speaks in grease and coffee stained napkins. Still, that's all that one requires after waterboarding your liver in alcohol. This place is only a modicum better than Denny's, so taper your expectations (not that you had any).
5	L is for the way they look stacked high,O is for the only pancakes I buy,V is very, very soft and buttery,E is even more than any 'cakes that you adore...
3	This place is located in the dark and sort of dingy Golden Gate hotel, seemed to be towards either the back or the side.  I recommend going straight to this place.It had the best shrimp cocktails!  mmm so yummy, jumbo or regular, it doesn't matter.  The cocktail sauce was spicier than other places I've had, but I liked it anyway, and it's definitely the best tasting shrimp cocktail at Fremont, I wish it was located closer to the middle instead at the end.  This time we took it to go, and if you do that you can grab a spot under the screen and watch the show whilst enjoying your delicious Du Par's shrimp cocktail snack.  The pancakes are very good too, fluffy and buttery.  This place has a diner feel to it, so if you like that then this is definitely a safe bet.
3	Straight down the middle diner food with few surprises, except one: the pancakes. Everything else on the menu is standard and mediocre, but the pancakes are worth a special trip. It's a dingy space in a dingy casino, and the clientele is a very, very, very (etc) mixed bag--still, come and eat the dang cakes! It's not so much that they're big (they are) or fluffy (that too), it's that they're tangy and chewy. Fluffy and crispy and tangy and chewy and sweet and savory; these jacks demand to be reckoned with. Hard to know how to "score" this place, since everything about it is C minus except the cakes which are exceptional. In summary: Go to DuPars and eat their pancakes.
4	First up we stay at the Plaza alot and Dupars is right across the street i never even thought about eating here but we just finished gambling at the Golden Nugget at 1:30am so not much was open. We stopped and took a look at the menu and it sounded pretty good. Because of the hour there was no wait to b seated. Our waitress was horrible, i wont say her name but it starts with a K, she was playing around the whole time we were there, just not professional at all. But that aside the food was FANTASTIC, we had the Braised TriTip sandwich came with fries, a Prime Rib dinner came with 2 sides and dinner roll, and 2 sodas, both meats were cooked perfectly total bill $41.62 the food saved the day bcuz the service certainly didnt.
3	The service is great, the pricing is nice, the main entrees are, meh.  Except for the pancakes and the excellent price for the shrimp cocktail, they also make a nice hot fudge sundae and the pies are good tooSkip the main plates and go for the pancake and shrimp cocktail.
2	Tough to have to do this but it's what has to happen. Stepped in to meet my parents for breakfast and ended up coming in at the midpoint if their meal.When I arrived to sit there the table next to them was fully stacked with old plates and stuff. Although I say there they never offered or bussed the table for me. Even when I ordered a shrimp cocktail. They brought the shrimp cocktail and placed it on my parents table, all while ignoring the table in sitting at with previous diners food all over the place. When I paid and left the table still hadn't been bussed!!!Vegas has shitty service now. It's the way of our future I guess.The pancakes are awesome though. Star given for that!!
4	Tucked away in the "front end" of the building.Staying the nite, tried their Chicken Pot Pie. Great. Filling, that was all I needed.
5	I really can't say anything bad about Du Par's.  It is a diner in the first floor of a Fremont Street casino.  What are we expecting here, caviar and truffles?They have a standard breakfast, lunch and dinner menu that you would expect for diner fare.  The 'bakery' part of their name must refer to the selection of pies for dessert.  I bet this place would be awesome for pie and coffee.  We have had the coffee, but we haven't had the pie yet.  Next time.Our server seemed to be a little impersonal, but she also was juggling multiple tables, so I'll give her a mulligan on that one.  When I asked how the first chandelier cracked (it was glued) she laughed it off and said she didn't know, but that when we came in the next time, she would have a good story for us.Pancakes?  Yes, I hear they are good, but too many carbs for me.  I saw pancakes on about every other plate in there when I walked in, so they must be good.
1	The night before NYE and we are wandering Freemont St. Its after 10pm and we want to grub. We wandered around the Golden Nugget for a time then found ourselves at Du Par's. We were seated and looking at menus when a huge cockroach crawled over a menu on the table. We tried to flag a waitress down, but they seemed too busy. When on finally came to us, she was not even slightly embarrassed with a well, what do you want me to do about it attitude. We left. Never eating here again.
5	Eventhough it started in the LA area, reminds me of a SFO restaurant. Worth the wait.No matter what time of day, ya gotta have a shrimp cocktail. $2.99. Had one with breakfast for New Years.
5	The best country fried steak ever! Will definitely try to get back here when in Vegas again..
4	After a friend recommended me to check this place out, I had to see it for myself. This is the home of  the $2.99 shrimp cocktail. The shrimp was served to us, in a small, ice-cream glass that was full of small, baby, thawed (not frozen) shrimp. With a dallop of cocktail tomato sauce and a lemon wedge. We were promptly served by the bar. It seemed to be a very popular dive. Decorations, and uniforms dated back to the old days.
4	Amazing breakfast! We got the countryfried steak, corned beef hash, and pancakes. All so damn good. Their gravy is awesome, the corned beef is ace, and the pancakes are amazing, fluffy syrup pillows. Even the toast was great: super buttery, light and crispy. The perfect, greasy breakfast. I'd eat here even if I wasn't hungover.
2	It was like a step back in time, and a reminder why there are so few places like it today.  The service was slow, the waitress was nice (when she showed up) and the food was nothing to write home about.
1	On our final full day in Las Vegas, we wanted to experience the retro vibe of downtown.  Based on the rave reviews of this place, we headed up the strip, parked, and started looking for it.  Eventually we found it, stuck in a corner behind the casino, sporting etched-glass windows that read "Bay City Diner" with only a flat screen above the cashier desk and a stack of menus indicating that we really were at Du-Par's.  This is not "a step back into the 1950s," as purported.  I lived in those times and remember them well.  This is a refit of something else with scant elements of a glorious bygone era.  That era had good service.  This place did not.  That era had grace and charm.  This place did not.  That place had food that was actually delicious.  This place did not.  I was so happy to see healthy options, such as egg whites-only omelettes--although they do charge $1.50 for this option, which many places do not--and turkey sausage.  The turkey sausage arrived cooked on only one side.  I sent it back.  After it came back, charred, I determined that the offness of the flavor was due to freezer burn.  I asked that it be removed from the check, and it was.  At least four different people served us in some way.  The first was a surly woman who flung coffee at me to the point that a third of it sloshed onto the table, and then flounced away without offering me any cream.  Later, this same churl made all the noise of a tornado as she cleaned the booth next to us.  She was so noisy that my husband and I couldn't carry on a conversation.  As we plundered through Fremont Street, I saw the menu at the new D Grill inside The D Hotel and Casino.  It had much better options and prices; however, it had not been reviewed on here, so we didn't know.  We'll hit that next time.  Definitely no more Du-Par's, which is definitely below par.
4	Found this little hole in the wall through Yelp and gave it a try. I had eggs Benedict, which was good (cafe good, not high end good). My husband, who is very hard to please with restaurant food,  had steak and eggs, and raved about it.
3	We checked this place out because it was a convenient walk across the street from our hotel. Walking through the casino was a bit daunting as it was crowded with men, so I would suggest not going through the main casino entrance.We were promptly seated by the hostess, however our waitress was very inattentive and made our experience a lot less pleasurable than it could have been. We were both very tired and hungry and waiting for service, drinks and our to go desserts was very frustrating.I ordered the fish and chips. To me the fish was weirdly seasoned, and not being a fish expert I was weirded out by the amount of juice that came out with each bite. The french fries were not that great either.My boyfriend ordered the prime rib and loved it. His potatoes were delicious but the vegetables were strange in taste and appearance. We also ordered a cinnamon roll and the bread pudding both of which were yummy.Due to service and my meal not being all that great I find it hard to rate it above a 3 and chances are we won't be returning.
2	Bay City Diner... I miss you. Du Pars is decent food ok but grossly overpriced for breakfast. Two friends and I had breakfast there. Simple fare... Pancakes, eggs, bacon, toast.glass of OJ or coffee.  Total tab for 3 of us over $50. Seriously.Also have eaten dinner there and it is also overpriced. I mean come on... This is a diner for crying out loud. On Fremont Street. Not the strip. Bay City used to be a great deal for good food but Du Pars is a disappointment.
4	It's true, their pancakes are the best! I seriously appreciated the melted butter! ;) I had an omelet which was perfectly prepared. I also tasted their cinnamon roll and that was great too. I want to bring my mom here since she is a breakfast fan. I haven't tried lunch or dinner here but I'm sure I will in the future.
5	Du-Par's.... I've never been happier. You know what?  I've never felt like this before. I swear it's the truth.  'Cause.... I've.... hadThe Time of My lifeAnd I owe it all to youuuuuuu::everything is great here in a beautiful celebration of American Classics::  Not to be missed.
5	Breakfast at Dupar's  with my son. Gr8 pancakes w/ maple syrup, 3 egg bacon, ham,jack cheese & avocado omelet . Sourdough toast w/ strawberry jam and very good coffee. $20.00 + tip, too good. Try this gr8 old cafe in the Golden Gate Hotel on Fremont Street. Sorry we are leaving LV today.
5	Love this place! Shrimp cocktail is great value. A little more expensive than the .99 cocktails, but much larger shrimp and much better cocktail sauce. The pie is also really good. Great service from Joe!! deserves a raise! ha ha. would come back for good service.
5	This place is as advertised. The pancakes are amazing and it's a great diner experience. The pies are homemade, the pancakes are infamously great and service is very good. Our group are here multiple times and it was consistently very good. Go!
3	This is my second visit to Dupar's this month. We've decided to continue going until we have every pie on the menu. Let me just start by saying if this review were just for the pie I'd rate it 4 stars but I had to consider the rest of the menu (what we have had so far anyway). My first time I had the pancakes, coffee, and chocolate cream pie.  The pancakes were very good but definitely not the best in town (see Eat in downtown Las Vegas for the best). The coffee is pretty good as well and I really like that they don't skimp on the creamer. The chocolate cream pie is great. Again not the best but pretty damn close. Overall that night my meal was definitely 4 stars. Tonight I had the Dupar's Trio - half tuna salad sandwich, salad, choice of side, and a slice of pie.  The tuna sandwich was good. I don't normally like tuna salad from many places as I'm particular about mix-ins. This was a pretty standard tuna salad of celery, mayo, and very light purple onions; which is great because you can then customize the sandwich with toppings (lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, cheese, etc). The side salad was nothing special (but that doesn't mean it was bad). The best part of the whole thing was the addition of the pie (any slice you want). I had the strawberry cream cheese. I found it a little too sweet alone so it's a good idea to balance it with coffee or milk. My boyfriend had the prime rib tonight with mashed potatoes and veggies. He says it was "alright" but prefers the price and taste of prime rib at Texas Station's The Cafe. I liked the mashed and gravy as well as the veggies but I didn't like the prime rib at all (mostly fat as opposed to meat. I expected some no e fatty veins but not half of the cut). He also had a slice of banana cream which he says was delicious.
4	Ate here around 11 am on a Friday and we got sat right away at the counter. Food was decent. My boyfriends pancake was a bit doughy in the middle but we didn't mention it to our server. We really liked that they make most stuff in house. The only thing that really irked us was that the famous shrimp cocktails are prepped right in front and the shrimp sit in a large plastic tub on the counter which is pretty gross. At one point the tub wasn't even covered. I did appreciate the good service. But i dunno if we would return. I'm sure there are other breakfast spots with food that's just as good.
4	The Apple bacon avocado and Jack omelet was really good it comes with hashbrowns and toast but for 1.00 more you can have biscuits and gravey instead and the pancakes were so yummy
4	Food was fantastic!  Shrimp cocktail was amazing!  I ordered pancakes with eggs and my fiance got an omelette.  While the food was fantastic the only reason for 4 stars vs. 5 is the under-staffing.  We had to wait in line for about 30 minutes, no big deal I understood that.  The problem was once we were seated.  Our waitress was very friendly and she was trying really hard to accommodate all of her tables.   We had to flag her down to get a second cup of coffee and some water and then at the end of our meal we had to flag her down for the check.  You could tell she forgot about it.  We tipped her very well because we could tell she was stressed out to the max but still friendly and doing the best she could.  Du-Par's needs to hire more staff to accommodate such big crowds!
4	Stepping into Du-par's is stepping into a piece of LA dining history from 1938 (where it originally opened) as well as the history of the Golden Gate Casino of Las Vegas.  This historic hotel with address #1 Fremont Street, actually opened in 1906 where room/boarding was $1/night while the Du-par's franchise opened in 1955.  It may look like a just another small diner to you, but this one has great track record and authentic charm.  We decided to try it out for the first time on Sunday lunch.  There was a line to get in, and there were shelves displaying their baked donuts, cinnamon buns, huge blueberry muffins, and pies ranging from lemon meringue to coconut cream.  We were drooling on our way in.The floor tiles are checkered black and white, the dining bar and ceilings made of dark wood, the stools and booth seats of red leather and the walls are dotted with old photos.  I am pleased to hear my toddler drowned out by the loud voices and plates clanging around.  The waitress in her vintage uniform takes our orders and come back with them in a period between good time and waiting too long.  No reason to complain considering the crowd.  Hubby was pleased with his eggs benedict (its pretty hard to mess this up) and I was quite happy with my meatloaf.  Yes, I missed meatloaf.  This one was packed with meat and was tasty, and the mushroom gravy was good, although I kinda missed eating it with catsup.  If you are a catsup meatloaf gal, ask for the gravy on the side.  The chocolate cream pie looked better than it tastes, I would probably go for another pie ala mode next time.  And of course, we couldn't miss out on the famous fluffy pancakes.  It was large and yummy, and yes, fluffy.  I did have one complaint though, the pancake syrup although good was a little too... fluid for my taste (I prefer my syrup thicker), and since the pancake doesn't really have any crust, when it absorbs all the syrup it gets quite soggy.  So they definitely earn the fluffiest pancakes for sure, but the best in Vegas?  That is debatable.  The prices are not cheap for diner fare, however the servings are hefty so I believe you are getting a good bang for your buck.  Order a couple of plates and desserts to share with friends and try to go during an odd hour so you can dish more historical stories from the servers.  This is definitely a spot that should be on a Vegas eat list.  (P.S. The Golden Gate Casino introduced shrimp cocktail to the Vegas scene in 1959, so you might want to order that here as well :)
5	I was craving some old-school Vegas late night/early morning cheap diner eats and stumbled (literally) into the Golden Gate Casino and found my way to Du-Par's. The food gods were smiling down on me that night, for I had never heard of Du-Par's or their legacy, but I found EXACTLY what I was looking for. Du-Par's is a classic west coast style coffee house that specializes in classic American comfort food. I was craving something breakfasty and went with their French Toast. And holy hell, I did not realize that French Toast could be so good. Eight thick, huge slices of perfectly cooked French Toast. Hands down, the best French Toast I ever had. I had dreams about this French Toast. Wonderful, syrup-laden dreams of these massive lovelies.You may wonder how I can give 5-stars for French Toast, but any chef worth their salt will tell you that it takes tremendous skill to perfect a simple, classic dish. Du-Par's is the real deal.
5	Can't get enough of this place. Every time we go here it is great. The fresh jams are really the best part. I always put the strawberry jam on my pancakes. Prices are pretty reasonable for breakfast.
5	What a great place for breakfast. The pancakes are to die for. No problem getting egg whites and they were fluffy and delicious. Great service as well. Will definitely return.
5	It's a hidden gem, downtown. Cheapshrimp cocktail, homemade baked goods and all orotund great diner food.
3	My husband and I visited Dupar's a few times while we stayed in Vegas.  It was convenient (right below our hotel) and cheap (reasonable prices), and the food was pretty good.  We both mainly came for the shrimp cocktail; really, despite the fancy packaging, it's merely "25-30 size" shrimp in a fancy sundae glass with cocktail sauce poured over it, which I could make at home.  But hey - it's 3 bucks.  It would cost me over 10 dollars to make it at home, so... as far as I'm concerned, I got a bargain.Kudos to the servers here, who often have to deal with really obnoxious, drunken asses who come in (especially late at night).  My husband and I cringed one night when a huge group of ignorant, intoxicated meatheads came in and started making fun of their server's ethnicity.  Seriously?  The ONLY reason why I didn't get up and confront them, head-on, was because there were eight of them and, while I'm a brave lass, I'm no match for eight drunken men the size of football players.  So much cred goes to that server, though.  He kept his cool and didn't even flinch - totally expressionless.  I hope that he got a lot of BIG tips from other customers that night.The rhubarb pie was... interesting.  That's all I'll say about that.Really, the shrimp cocktail is what you want to come for, more than anything.  And do ignore the previous review about how the shrimp wasn't "salty enough".  I don't know where they hail from originally, but I'm from Maryland, which deals with a LOT of seafood every single day, and I can vouch for the fact that the shrimp cocktail here tastes exactly as it should.  Generous portions and good prices.  And did I mention convenient?We'd come again.
4	Oh, Len Len.  You are a character.  Sitting at the counter for breakfast and watching you fly around this place was more entertaining than anything I've ever seen in Vegas.  You are incredibly hardworking (no joke).  I had the corned beef hash, and he had pancakes with a side of bacon.  We didn't eat for another 10 hours.  I think that pretty much sums this place up.  We both greatly enjoyed our food and found the counter service prompt.  My only complaint was that it was pretty hot in there due to the volume of patrons and the kitchen heat, so I can't even imagine what it is like in summer.
5	Before breakfast, my coworkers and I took some time to root some of our employees on at the Table Tennis Corporate Challenge finals.  It was a pretty long morning and really built up our appetites.  Since we were downtown, we wanted to come and try this place that's been stirring up some pretty cool reviews.  It was in a pretty sketchy casino, but we were reassured that we would be blown away.  There was only one way to find out!Du-Par's has a few rooms.  When you enter the location, the first room was nothing but the same color of wood throughout the walls, floors and tables.  There was a glass case with a bunch of HUGE pastries but I honestly felt the room was really dated.  Maybe that was the theme they were going for?  I tried to look past the first room but our party actually got sat there as well.  When our server greeted us, I quickly realized that it was definitely their theme.  Her outfit was clearly out from the 1960's diner catalog.  Such a cute outfit and it definitely brought the experience to life!  In terms of the service, I was super impressed!  Our server was personable and REALLY attentive.  In fact, there were a couple of servers who came around throughout our meal, to take away plates, refill our waters and serve our food!  Awesome!For breakfast, I was told I NEEDED to get their pancakes.  I decided just to get one for around $5 as I heard it was huge.  Boy was that the most amazing pancake I've ever had!  The cake was fluffy, light and super big!  No need for butter, just add some syrup and you are taken to an amazing experience!  My goodness, that pancake was awesome! For my meal, I had to get my go-to breakfast, the Corned Beef Hash for $12.55.  The corned beef hash is their personal recipe, served with two eggs and Du-Par's signature hash browns.  The hash was on-point.  Once again, probably the best corned beef hash I've ever tasted.  The hash was seasoned perfectly and fried crispy. If corned beef hash is your thing, you have GOT to try this out!  I'm glad that we were referred here. It was either Du-Pars or Hash House, and boy am I glad we came here instead.  I thought I tried every restaurant in the downtown area, but I was wrong.  I absolutely struck gold on this visit.  You should definitely try this place out.  Get the pancakes and you will go nuts!
3	I'm not impressed. Super basic diner food located inside the Golden Gate Casino. We shared meatloaf with mashed potatoes, BLT, split pea soup, chicken strips and had egg custard pie for dessert. Everything was just ok. Our server was attentive but not what I would call friendly. At least it is open 24/7.
4	Holy pancakes!  Best PCake in town!
5	Alright guys, I give it 5 stars even though my omelette & hasbrowns were average.THE PANCAKES.If you go there and don't get the pancakes, you messed up.  They are the best I can remember having.  They are light, fluffy and a little crispy on the outside.  They're also huge.  I had a blueberry muffin that was also good, that I forgot about bc of the pancake awesome.  Service was good and the other food was good enough.
4	We were pleased with the service our waitstaff was VERY attentive kept out drinks full. We all had burgers and they were delicious and the bun was toasted just right and buttery! We are from NM and I would recommend this place to family and friends who plan on visiting the 702. Du Pars will definitely be on our next visit here to the 702.
5	The best pancakes I ever had love the batter and clarified butter. The pies are so tasty as well. Great late night spot.
5	Finally made it to Du-Par's on the advice of my brother and a dealer at a casino on the strip, they both said these were the best pancakes.Got here around 11am and there was a line, the wait was about 20 minutes. Instead of a table we just took seats at the counter. My gf ordered a coffee and I a coke. After looking over the menu my gf decided on the country fried chicken and I the short stack pancakes with a side of center cut ham steak.Our order took around 15 minutes give or take a few which was reasonable being how busy they were. It was well worth the wait! These are the best pancakes! I don't want to hype it up too much but these are sooo tasty, light and fluffy almost cake like texture! Also huge serving I was only able to eat half and most of it without the maple syrup as it was not needed. The ham steak was good too.My gf enjoyed her country fried chicken and said she would love to come back. Service was good, drinks were refilled before going dry. Can't wait for our next visit!
4	Hash, pancakes, and egg Benedict was great.. Orange juice was fresh squeezed.. All and all four stars because of the waiters shabby attitude...
5	After discovering this gem last year thanks to the awesome Yelpers out there, this has become a "must visit" spot for us! I'd eat here just for the amazing pancakes, but so far everything I've eaten has been delicious! There will likely be a line. Trust me though, it's worth the wait.
4	The atmosphere is very cute and has the true feeling of an old diner ( not run down ). The menu is full of many good choices from breakfast to dinner and many pies and desserts to choose from. We had a banana cream slice and a boysenberry slice (hard to come by in Vegas). Of course the staple shrimp cocktail was ordered and comes with over 20 peeled shrimp! You can't go wrong win Du-par's. We look forward to many more visits!
5	I love this joint! Very old school. Get the prime rib, get the open-face turkey sandwich, it's good, hearty, simple food! And the shrimp cocktail! Don't get me started! It's AMAZING!!!!!The staff are lovely. Quick, attentive but they don't hover.DON'T come here if you're a foody-douchebag! This is great, simple food served lovingly in an unpretentious atmosphere.When I go to Vegas, my first stop for a meal is Du Pars!!!
3	We went here as an alternative because what we were really interested was closed that night, oops! Its diner style which I wasn't really aware of when I said yes lets go. I opted for the Roasted Turkey Breast, basically Thanksgiving on a sandwich. It was good, nothing to write home about but good. Plentiful as well, I couldn't even finish it all. My man went for a burger he enjoyed it as well, again nothing to write home about. The service could have been better but what killed us the most were the tables around us, noisy rowdy but I guess what do you expect in that part of Vegas.More than likely won't ever go back. Price point was fine and food fine but I'd want more next time.
5	This is my second time here & the food is delicious! They serve breakfast 24/7. They have lots of sweets to choose from, which I haven't yet cause I get full from my meal. Today we had a wonderful waitress with an awesome sense of humor who laughed @ our jokes & who was so friendly named Alicia. She was nice enough to come to out table & let us know she was going on break & introduce us to the covering waitress! I highly recommended this place to grab something quick to eat!
5	I read the yelp reviews before heading over for breakfast. With others suggestions we ordered a short stake of pancakes to split. I have to say they were the best restaurant pancakes I have eaten. I usually am picky when it comes to pancakes but these with clarified butter and the standard maple syrup were great. Tried the boysenberry syrup, but thought the maple was better.
5	If you don't go here and eat breakfast, then don't eat breakfast anywhere
4	I love this place its open all night. Great breakfast after you have been out all night and don't forget the 2.99 shrimp cocktail.
5	Best food in town.  My family always comes here to start our mornings.  its open 24/7.  I haven't been let down yet!  even as crowded as it gets the service is always great.  sometimes you have to wait a little bit but that should tell you the food is just that good.  Eating here is a must!!!
5	The food was very good, best hash-brown, got the country chicken breakfast very good, it is a higher price but the food was very good, service was great, but when we where leaving it did get busy. No problem at all, every one was friendly, I plan to go back
5	Shrimp cocktail for breakfast, Good Pancakes, Great Value
5	I am not only here for the best-selling shrimp cocktail but the desert is awesome also. as is the rest of the food.
5	Had a great breakfast!!! Located inside the Golden Gate hotel which is recently renovated with a fun 1930's vibe.Started with a fantastic cinnamon roll!! (which I think they sold out of right after us, all bakery items made fresh every morning, but when they r gone they're gone)Had fun reading their place mats which had fun facts about the hotel and Fremont while waiting for our food. "1933 prohibition ends, Fremont stunned to discover whiskey had been illegal" For my breakfast I went with eggs Benedict which was on point!  Perfect hollandaise sauce!Overall menu is very basic but very good. Wait staff helpful and fun. Cant wait to be back for pie looked awesome.
5	Best meatloaf ever !!
5	I  Dupar's! I have only ever been to one location... GoldenGate Casino on Fremont Street Las Vegas and can only assume the whole chain is as excellent as my fav go to in Vegas!ProTip: Pancakes!weird that I show only one checkin here... I've been to Vegas 8 times in the past 3 years and I've been to Dupar's at least half a dozen times!
5	Eat DuPar's and love a lot is my new tagline. I first visited this place when my wife was prego with our first kid less than three years ago. We tried the pancakes our first visit and absolutely fell in love with this place. The pancakes are so savory and buttery that they pretty much dissolve in your mouth. This is now the only place I'll eat pancakes. Toast here is unique too because they make their own jam (strawberry and orange marmalade). Pies and pastries are freshly made daily. The cinnamon rolls are piping hot when you order so you can eat it before your meal. Also, the orange juice is fresh squeezed in house. According to Golden Gate, they were the first to serve up the shrimp cocktail and the reason for its ongoing mainstream success in Las Vegas. I know it's strange to have shrimp cocktail in the morning, but it's pretty damn epic especially at 8 in the morning. Don't knock it until you try it. Actually just hearing this little factoid made me enjoy it more. The interior looks like a 1960 mob diner with wood accent walls and crown paneling to give you that 'I'm not in Kansas anymore' feel. Traditional black and white marble tile pattern the floor as you walk in and are overwhelmed by the amount of hungry and overly eager people waiting on their food. After you sit, you are then greeted by a waitress that is dressed like a Liberace house maid. Food and service is always great here. I call this place the Holy Grail of Pancakes and my hidden gem of Las Vegas. I want this place to stay open for my kids so they can truly appreciate what I've experienced.
5	The pancakes were as good as advertised! My father had the french toast and loved it as well. Freshly squeezed orange juice and crispy bacon were also good.
5	This place is amazing from start to finish...the decor is like an old school diner theme, is very clean, dimly lit. The staff are extremely friendly every single time I've been her.Food: ok! So I'm not a big pancake fan, but their pancakes are out of this world and to die for...to be honest everything I've had here is pretty damn good... I'm from California, but since the first time I came to DuPar's when visiting Vegas, I make it a point to come to this restaurant.It's a hidden gem...please give it a try!
5	The pancakes were probably the best pancakes that I have ever had. They were probably 100 times better than IHOP and Denny's combined. They were fluffy on the inside, but a little crispy on the outside. Crispy pancakes? It might sound weird at first, but they were only crispy because of the flavorful butter. I was not aware how large the pancakes are, so I ordered three. It turned out great because I had the leftovers for breakfast the next morning. Our service was great. We didn't wait too long for our food and whenever we needed a refill our waiter was there. Another thing that was fantastic about the restaurant are the inexpensive prices!
2	Pancakes. I hate pancakes. Just kidding. Ever since I changed my icon to Grumpy Cat, I've been writing more 2-star reviews. Coincidence? I don't know. What I do know is that, Du-Par is an LA institution, and in my best grumpy face, I hated it. I've been to the Du-Par's in LA, and I remember it was unmemorable but I didn't hate it. I think it's the overall vibe of the LV location and the fact that there's so many better options within walking distance that left a distaste in my mouth. Firstly, if this review as based solely on the pancakes it would be 5-plus stars. Pancakes are awesome. Fluffy, crispy, buttery, all at the same time, the way pancakes were meant to be. A full stack will run around $10 but it's well worth it. Another winner is their shrimp cocktail. For $3 you get a sundae cup's worth of medium sized shrimp with some crazy-good cocktail sauce. I liked it better when you they sold these at the snack bar but it's still a bargain but now you have to pay tip and sit down and be waited upon. So... if the pancakes and shrimp are that good... why the two-stars? Everything pretty much negated the awesomeness of the pancakes. Their chicken soup was horrible, a sloppy mess of noodles with little to no chicken. They had a video playing that showed they make their noodles from scratch, which is what prompted me to get it. I love fresh made noodles, they're so light and airy. But I've found that if you overcook them, there is no forgiveness, they become a mushy mess! They're even worse than overcooked store-bought noodles. And these noodles tasted like they've been cooking all day. Gross. The bf got the Vegas fried chicken, which was ok, but hardly worth the $9.50. It was an extra $3 for a less-than-par side salad. Service was really sketchy. They switched out waiters during our meal and our second waitress seemed lost. Food came out slow. Orders were forgotten at the table next to us. They forgot one of our drinks. Overall, just not an enjoyable experience. My bf loves their shrimp cocktail but he'll have to go by himself, I doubt I'll come back after this visit. I just don't like pancakes that much.
4	Great breakfast.  Husband picky pancake eater. He loved the pancakes, eggs, bacon, sourdough toast oh and the cinnamon roll.  2 thumbs up and will come back
5	It was a wonderful experience. The waiters were very friendly and the food was fantastic. We ordered the famous pancakes and the florentine with egg benedict and it was awesome
2	Unless you order the pancakes, the food is really just bland.  The shrimp cocktail is not bad for $2.99, but how many things are bad for that price.  Zucchini appetizer was really watery and needed to be doused in ranch dressing for flavor.  Turkey, avocado, bacon "club" sandwich was tasteless.  I'm pretty sure the rest of the food probably was just as mediocre.  I would just stay with the fabulous pancakes next time.
3	The pancakes here are amazing! My boyfriend is obsessed with pancakes so at 3am while on Fremont we decided to check it out. The service that night was lacking, we sat for awhile before anyone even came to ask us for drinks. Also I think it's outrageous for how much a side of bacon costs...8?!?
5	We love Du-par's! We always get their famous pancakes and shrimp cocktails. Anytime of day! Best place to eat on Fremont. And a great price.
5	We were staying at the Plaza across the street and I had read a lot of good things about this place and we decided we'd stop in for dinner one night...er...morning (1:30AM).  Ofcourse we had to order their famous shrimp cocktail, which was AMAZING...it was so good we went and got 2 orders to go the next night and ate them in our hotel room while pondering if we should run across the street to grab 2 more!  We also had the potato skins, and a french dip as well.  Everything was pretty tasty (though I admit their french dip was no frills) and we gobbled it all up.   Bottom line, I came for the "Best Shrimp Cocktail in Las Vegas" and I got it!!  I wish I could get them to give me the recipe for the cocktail sauce, because it is hands down the best cocktail sauce I have ever had.  Do yourself a favor and get the Shrimp Cocktail at the very least...you won't regret it!
5	This place is a must when visiting Fremont St. It's all about the pancakes! They were so good! We also shared an omelette and cinnamon roll which was also amazing!
3	Made a trip here as was well rated and in walking distance of our hotel. Love the story and history of this place and clean, vintage look.We ate breakfast and overall was very pleasant. Pancakes were well made and tender though even the short stack was too big of a portion.  It becomes a bit pricey if you try to add meat on the side. Husband has basic breakfast plate and eggs and potato was well made but sausage was thick and kind of different tasting, did not like it as well. Great service and there was a lovely pastry case outside that we should try sometime.  Would not recommend the sausage but definitely the pancake and overall breakfast.
5	The pancakes are without a doubt the best I have ever had. We always go to breakfast here while in Vegas. It isn't cheap and there is almost always a line. Neither of these issues deter us from returning!
4	Great place to eat downtown Vegas. The breakfast is outstanding.  The pancakes are amazing.
5	This was a great dining experience. They make homemade jams. The waffles are great. They have a lot of homemade pies. About 60 at the time I dined but I've heard from people that they have 80 pies most any time typically.Have a couple more in the LA area as well.
5	I'm currently in Las Vegas celebrating my birthday with my girlfriend and a few friends. When i booked our room on Fremont Street I knew I had to go to Du-Par's and try the word famous $2.99 Shrimp Cocktail. After a nice run playing Let It Ride at the Four Queens Casino, I headed over to Du-Par's to grab a snack before dinner. I sat down at the bar and ordered a water and a Shrimp Cocktail. It was served in a sundae cup, with house made cocktail sauce, crackers, and a lemon wedge. It's the best cheap cocktail i've had in Vegas so far! It's not the itty bitty shrimp with lettuce or celery and a packet of cocktail sauce. I actually ended up coming back 2 more times before we checked out. I had the Beef Tri-Tip Stew, the beef was tender and the vegetables were cooked perfect. I also had the beef and Barley soup, It was tasty, the broth was rich, and it had a nice tomato flavor.Good Atmosphere, Fresh Food, Friendly Service, and Lots of History.
5	We stay at the nugget and eat breakfast here most mornings while in town. Shrimp Cocktail is also a great guilt-free late-night snack.
4	Shrimp cocktail put this place on the map, so try it - I am not a big shrimp fan, but I love this cocktail. And they do not scrimp on the shrimp!Breakfast is the best bet here with pancakes that will make you cry! They are as big as a dinner plate, golden crisp outside, fluffy (but not too dense or thick) and served with melted butter and maple syrup. This is not necessarily a cheap place to eat, breakfast with coffee, OJ and two meals can run about $40 - no lie. But its delicious. We went there 3 days in a row just to eat pancakes. Any omelet can be made into a scramble, I love that. The ham steak was tasty. In our experience, the lunch and dinners are just okay, but come for shrimp cocktails at any time and try the pancakes. The staff is wonderful!  Eat at the counter and enjoy a lively conversation with fellow diners and the staff.
4	Go there hungry.  I mean really hungry.  Like, you just got off the show Naked and Afraid hungry.  I've never seen pancakes that size before.  Or cinnamon buns.  Good luck eating a whole stack of pancakes.  Who the hell can actually do that, other than people who can then walk to the other end of Fremont and eat at the Heart Attack Grill for free?If you're staying downtown, you've got to give DuPar's a shot for breakfast.  It's a piece of Vegas history and it'll be around for a long time because the food is fantastic.  Only thing that kept it from 5 stars was slow service.
4	Breakfast was good.  Food was hot, which is always welcome.  Servers were very pleasant.  Long wait for a table so go before or after the rush
4	Located in the Golden Gate Hotel Casino on the famous Fremont Street Experience in downtown Las Vegas. This Los Angeles coffee shop transplant is right at home in the old and very famous Golden Gate coffee shop space. They still offer the 99 cent shrimp cocktail (now we are in Vegas). The menu is the standard coffee shop offering. the thing that sets them apart is their pie, they have a wide array so save room. Worth the stop if for nothing else that you can brag that you had the 99 cent shrimp cocktail! Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
4	Clean, fast service. Nice it is away from the smoke. Had a patty melt, it was good. Had the coconut custard pie, it evoked a childhood memory. It was delicious!
4	My family and friends drop by Du-Par's for a late night snack, and most of us had breakfast. I had the short stack (3 hot cakes) with one egg over easy and a side of bacon. OMG, the pancakes were soft, fluffy, so buttery and delicious. You do not need to add butter on top of their pancakes because they add warm melted button on top before serving...Mmm. My GF had ordered their famous shrimp cocktail and shared with some of us. The food and service was great.
1	Don't know what all the fuss is about.This is sub-standard diner fair from the 1970's.Heavily processed convenience restaurant foods (I don't know where that 'corned beef hash' came from but the container probably said Hormel) are served up along side fresh eggs.Coffee may be bottomless but it's that weak Folger's/Maxwell House type stuff that was the American standard long before Starbucks.Gummy muffins lack nuts of any kind.I would have ordered the carbo-licious pancakes except there was no real, non-artificial maple syrup to be had at any price.Personally I would gladly pay a surcharge for the real stuff as that fake is abhorrent.The joint is also detrimental to your hangover as staff tries to manage the heavy diner dishes, coffee mugs and silverware. Crashes and bashes are more frequent than the finale of the 1812 Overture.Oh yeah, did I mention it's overpriced?Try the Main St. Station Buffet for a lot less than half the money.
4	I am staying at the Golden Gate (where Du-puar's restaurant is located)  and decided to try it because it was close and open 24 hours. Best place to eat on Fremont Street hands down. I got the eggs and hash browns with toast, it tasted great and  homemade jam was the best I ever had. The service was quick and friendly. You've got to try this place once if you are visting Fremont. You wont regret it!
5	The best breakfast ever !!!  Andrea our waitress was great, very friendly, and prompt.   By far the best on fremont street. Highly recommend! Delicious !!!!!   Oh almost forgot Prices are very reasonable for the quality of food.
4	This place is honest and true, big servings, great service. I had an icy strawberry shake and the Vegas stack pancakes, three huge fluffy cakes with lashings of syrup. My usual would be three but at this size I could only eat two!  Just inside the Golden Gate casino, lots of signs in the casino point the way. Highly recommended for fast, no fuss servings, good value at $20 for my partner and I. Including tea and coffee.
2	Sometimes a place suffers from too high expectations.  This was that place for me. The pancakes had a great flavor but everything else was basically Dennys. The service was meh. Just didn't do it for me especially for the price. Just a casino coffee house.
3	The pancakes were so huge, we split a large stack among 3 of us.  They were pretty good but not the best I've ever had.  Maybe I'm weird, because I know everyone loves the pancakes here.The shrimp cocktail was pretty good, too, and a great value among 3 of us for a starter.
4	I had the mushrooms and swiss cheese omelet w hash browns and a blueberry muffin, nothing to rave about, nothing special. I think dennys tastes better. My bf had the NY steak and eyes. Now that steak was amazing. Eating a bite of his made me wish I had ordered a steak. Service was good. I definitely want to go back for the pancakes which looks pretty goodWent back the next day, mostly to see how great the pancakes were. Pleasantly surprised. VERY good!!! My bf got jelly w his toast this time and both were REALLY good also!!!
5	What an up & up place! I was charged twice on my debit card for the same meal. When I got home I called and I received a check ASAP! They were very nice and pleasant. This is the first stop we always make when in Fremont. Just wanted to say how honest they are. Keep up the great work!
4	Best tail in Town. One of these days I shall give it a try for breakfast..
5	Hands down the best breakfast in Las Vegas!  The staff are super friendly and courteous.   Ok down to business, coffee is served with a side of fresh and cold cream!  The home made jelly, AMAZING! Had the bacon, avocado, and cheese omelette and it was delicious! A short stack of pancakes an yes definitely the best pancakes I've ever had! I will be returning on my next trip to Vegas!
4	The shrimp were fantastic. Delicious flavor for the sauce. Pancakes were awesome. We saw three guys take the 10 pancakes in 15 minutes for free if you eat them all. Two epic failures and one guy was successful. Quite the challenge.
4	Pretty good food . The orange juice is made at the bar. The servers were attentive. The pancakes were amazing and huge.
5	I'm so in love with their chicken pot pie. This little hidden gem is inside the Golden Gate hotel & casino. The atmosphere is very quaint and the food is home cooking at its finest. The portions are pretty big, and can definitely share with someone if you're on a budget.
4	Get the pancakes, I bet their pastries are good I did not try
2	Wow. I can't believe this place has gotten such good reviews. The place was a mess.My friends and I came here for breakfast this morning and didn't even get water for the first 10-15 mins we were seated. I don't know if this is normal or what but I don't consider that good service. We waited at least 30 minutes to be seated plus another 15 just for our order to be taken.The food was good but just as good as any diner I've been to before, including Denny's. I will definitely not be coming back.Not only did we wait to be seated and waited for our drinks, we also waited in line for about 20 minutes just to pay the bill. The host was a silver haired woman that was so rude and asked us to move multiple times while we were waiting to pay our bill.I just don't understand why everyone likes them. The only people I saw in there were 50-60something year old tourists that were probably staying at one of the nearby hotels and didn't realize there were other options nearby. Like I said, we won't be coming back again.
5	The Pancakes are so good that they along deserve a 6-star rating, but unfortunately Yelp only allows me to give 5. Yelp actually said it best, "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" If you're in Vegas, you must come try the pancakes. Actually, I don't even know if they serve anything else here at the restaurant. But it doesn't really matter.
4	We've been coming to this diner for years and have always loved it even when it was the, "Golden Gate Diner." Dupars is good comfort food and great for those late nights of drinking down of Fremont. The portions are big but the prices have gone up and they don't have any cheap graveyard specials like they used to. If you like pancakes you must try these. The formula is great and they use melted butter!! I'd certainly recommend this place to anyone new to downtown!
5	Pancakes, sausage, muffins, and pies TO DIE FOR!!!!We were in Vegas for a few days and ate here 3 times.  The restaurant was clean, the employees were fun and friendly, and the prices were reasonable.  It has that old 50's diner feel with the waitresses wearing those frilly dresses and the sound of plates and silverware clanking around.  Service was fast and everything was delicious.  When you walk in there is a case full of homemade pies and muffins that look like something from a cooking magazine... beautiful!  They day before we left Vegas I got a few muffins to take home.  I carried them like a newborn baby through the airport and in my carry-on.  It was worth the wait because they were amazing!
3	Go for shrimp cocktail, not pancakes.  I know this place is supposed to have the best panckes in the US/world (I don't remember), but seriously 2 panckes for $7.35?  Pancakes were just okay, nothing to get excited about.  I felt dooped.  Now the shrimp cocktail was good.  Nice, tangy cocktail sauce.
3	I love their shrimp cocktail.  They also have great breakfasts at any time of the day.  The downside is it is small and the wait staff is hit and miss with service.  Go for a pie or shrimp cocktail during off time and you won't regret it.
4	I've been coming here for 15 years, sometimes daily. Staff is on a first name basis with me and as soon as I sit down they put in my order. This is your old fashion type of diner, not a chain restaurant. Good food made consistently the same. I wish prices hadn't gone up so much its now $20-$25/person to eat when I first started coming it was less than $10. Service and food excellent. If you go on Sunday morning prepare to wait the line it out the casino door.
4	Ate here quite a few times during our stay downtown.  Sure there are other places to eat, but got sick of over-salted buffet type, fried,  or cafeteria type food.  While this is diner food, it's as close to home cooking you'll get.  The shrimp coctail is good sized with tangy sauce at a good price.  Also, while I make the best pancakes in the world, Du-pars runs a close second because they cook them in butter.  Yum city!  The place can get crowded, expecially for breakfast.  A small listing of bargain breakfasts or dinners are on the back page of menu.  Veggie omlet with fresh veggies was very good.  Fresh squeezed OJ is worth whatever the charge.  The waitpeople are busy so don't expect personality or socializing during the rush, but they get the job done.
4	5 stars for the pancakes and the amazing waitress I had for my first visit. 3 for the rest of the food on the menu and also the crappy waiter I had the 2nd. Dupar's pancakes are one of the very few things that have ever lived up to all of the hype for me. Pancakes are usually just pancakes - I've never noticed a huge difference beyond all the crap people pile inside or on top of them. These buttermilk pancakes are fluffy as they should be, but what set them apart for me was how buttery and crispy the outsides were. Definitely not for anyone on a diet since they're literally shining with all the butter it's basically fried in on the flat top. Their famous shrimp cocktail (recently raised up to $4), is still a pretty good deal - slightly bigger and also better quality than I had expected for the price. Perfect amount of horseradish in the cocktail sauce for me, but maybe a little spicy for some.  It doesn't really go with their menu and definitely not with the pancakes, so I doubt I'd get it again. As mentioned, the rest of the food was just ok and also overpriced - chicken pot pie was good, but the rest of my party's salads, sandwiches and meatloaf were blah. Oh the pie was also disappointing including their supposedly awesome crust - tried coconut custard and a seasonal mango....something pie, I think peach? It was obviously really memorable. So make a point to try the pancakes if you're in the area, then maybe move on to eat somewhere else.
4	Everything was yummy. Service took a little long, but they kept the coffee mugs filled. Had the veggie omelette and some pancakes...they were SO good, as were the has browns. Turkey link sausage was so so, but everything else was yummy!
5	The last of the Las Vegas diners, and it is a gem.  We dined here three times while staying downtown and every entree was fresh as it could be, and delicious.  The BLT was absolutely divine with crisp lettuce, amazing sourdough toasted, and lots of crispy delicious bacon, so satisfying served with the freshest fruit!  The chicken pot pie was light as a feather, the chicken was tender and the gravy amazing.  Crisp greens are used in their dinner salad with the best ranch dressing & croutons-lovely.  Dessert was banana cream pie-perfection.  Breakfast was another great experience, what 99% of the yelpers recommended was spot on - those famous pancakes - it doesn't get better than that for breakfast.  Egg dishes were just as yummy.  Service was nothing short of perfect - everyone was so friendly and we got to sit in our favorite booth by the window, it was so comfy.  Love this place and highly recommend it to everyone.
5	This is my new favorite breakfast place in Las Vegas. We liked it so much we ate there twice on our last visit, once on a Saturday and again on Monday. We got there before 11 both days and were seated within 10-15 minutes. Service was prompt both days. On Saturday, the server warned us that the food may be slow, but it wasn't.  We started with the shrimp cocktail, which was to die for. I agree with others who say this is a surprisingly good dish for breakfast, though perhaps a little heavy on the cocktail sauce. I had the pancakes and cinnamon roll, both very tasty. I ordered the short stack (2) and couldn't finish it, so consider splitting an order if you don't have a huge appetite. The eggs/hashbrown/meat option is standard fare but the toast and jam are both standouts. Our friend who joined us on Monday raved about the chocolate milk, which is made with Hershey's Syrup and is apparently superior to anything pre-made, according to our picky friend. The only downside to the restaurant is its distance from the Strip--it costs about $30 to take a cab here one-way, so plan to spend the day downtown to get your money's worth (or take the bus). The restaurant is within walking distance of the Mob Museum, the Neon Museum, and the Natural History Museum. Fuel up at Du-Par's before you go!
5	5 stars! We had a little wait because the restaurant was packed. But WELL worth the wait. The homemade banana muffin was excellent, the hash browns, bacon and eggs were cooked perfectly. My husband had a spinach omelet and the BEST biscuits and gravy we have ever tasted. Even the coffee was delicious.  Highly recommended! !
3	Ruben and I ventured to Golden Gate after a night at the Life is Beautiful Festival with a couple of friends. It was almost 1am and fortunately, we had beat the crowd and were sat immediately. Our server was nice, but absent for our whole meal. Another server brought our food and helped refill beverages though. There's a Las Vegas-only late night specials menu offered after midnight (I can't remember what time it ends) with just 3-4 dishes for $9.50. It has to be the most expensive graveyard/late night specials for a 24/7 cafe in Las Vegas. Anyway, I ordered the Hot Cakes Sandwich from the late night menu and it comes with two of their famous buttermilk pancakes, bacon or turkey sausage link, and one egg. The pancakes are indeed amazing! I mean, seriously good. If there was a Yelp page for Du-Par's Pancakes, it would have a solid five-star average. They're super fluffy, delicious, and simply perfect. I also ordered their other famous item (or famous at Golden Gate Hotel & Casino), the Shrimp Cocktail for $3.99. The sundae cup is packed with the tiny pre-cooked shrimp, topped with cocktail sauce, and served with a lemon wedge and saltine crackers. Oh, and don't forget your cocktail fork! I wasn't planning on ordering this, but as I watched a friend enjoy his cocktail, I couldn't pass on it. The shrimp are nice and I really enjoyed the cocktail sauce and fresh lemon juice. I didn't like the cocktail sauce dumped on top of the shrimp, so I removed the contents onto a plate to distribute the sauce evenly. Delicious.They have quite the selection of pies (that are supposedly great) and available at all hours of the day. My luck, of course, was that they were out of two of my favorite pies that early morning: Banana Cream, Coconut Cream, and Southern Pecan. So, I decided on a Coconut Custard Pie ($4.75/slice). I've never had it before, but I love coconut and I love custard, so I thought I'd love it. I did not love it. Maybe the name is deceiving? I was imagining a creamy/softer custard (although, I guess Coconut Cream Pie has that texture), not the thick kind. It also just didn't do anything for me in flavor and there were TOO many (non-toasted) coconut flakes in the custard.Ruben had the Patty Melt with caramelized onions and Swiss on grilled rye with Fries. It was just okay. Maybe even less than okay. He ordered it medium rare, like he always orders his burgers, and it came out medium to medium well. It was also flavorless. Ruben rarely says something doesn't taste good and he did not enjoy his sandwich/burger. The fries were also just meh. So, heed everyone's warnings and stay away from the substandard food and don't expect great service. The pancakes are a must because it's apparently the only thing they've perfected and probably the only thing keeping their ratings high. However, I don't think I'd ever go out of my way to dine here again. There are other delicious pancakes in town.
5	One of the best breakfasts I've ever had! The service and food was perfect! And the pancakes... Omg!
2	Food wasn't very good at all. Service was ok. Tried the turkey sandwich and peach pie. Both kind of sucked. Salad was ok. The only good thing I can say was service was quick. Never going here again.
4	Their pancakes are by far the best I've ever had! Just the thought of beginning to describe them makes my mouth water. They are so warm, fluffy, buttery and moist on the inside with a thin crispy layer on the outside. Especially when taking from the edges. Yummmmm.... The combination of that with their warm maple syrup makes them amazingly delicious. Even though I'm full I still want more! Not only were their pancakes phenomenal but their eggs were also up there on my list. We had the Apple-smoked Bacon, avocado and jack cheese omelet but deconstructed it. We took out the cheese, added pure egg whites (not egg substitute) and had them scramble it well-done (I hate runny eggs). Seriously one of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time. Everything including my OJ was great. The only reason I did not give them 5-stars is because they didn't have any high chairs, the service wasn't the best and the place needs a facelift.
4	Du Pars is a West Coast staple since the 50's I think. Used to have one right down the street when I lived in Studio City in the San Fernando Valley. Now there is one near me in Point Loma, but damn it's expensive for a coffee shop. I remember paying almost $13 club sammie a couple of years ago and I haven't been back. Now there was this one near me while I was staying at The Plaza while I was judging the World Food Championships in Vegas. I stopped there and got a plate with a fried chicken breast with gravy on that and some mashed taters and veggies. All for $9.50, which they said they don't have at any other Du Pars. It was all quite tasty and well prepared. I stopped back in the next day for their famous breakfast. That did not disappoint either. Fluffy pancakes with crispy edges and good, thick bacon with an egg for $9. But $3 for a cup of coffee?! It's Vegas baby, so I guess this tourist got a bit ripped off.
4	Pancakes...pancakes...pancakes...that is all!  I am not typically a big pancake fan but after reading the reviews I decided to give them a shot.   Believe the hype because they are the best pancakes I have ever eaten.  They are crisp on the outside and fluffy on the inside.  In fact, if you can eat 10 of them (which would be ridiculous) you get them for free.  My husband had the salad and the shrimp cocktail.  The shrimp are small but the cocktail sauce is homemade.  It was pretty darn good but they have increased the price to $3.99.   I remember as a kid getting one for $.50...darn inflation!  Seriously do try the shrimp cocktail. The service this time was actually pretty quick but we were there at an off time.  Other times the service has been very slow.   Service is definitely hit or miss.Also, check to see if you have any comps there if you are a gambler.  We had $10 in free meals so it was a great deal.
4	Love this diner.  Pancakes are large and fluffy with melted, yep i said melted, butter.  Hubby had a basic egg, hash brown, bacon plate - all tasty and good.  Friend had eggs Benedict and loved it.  Staff were nice - busy but nice.
5	Let me just say HANDS DOWN BEST PANCAKES EVER!! Thick pancakes. Fluffy on the inside. Buttery goodness. Just a little crisp to the edges. Maple syrup is to die for. Breakfast was great as well. I had some crispy bacon, some delicious pork link sausages. My other half ordered orange juice which the make fresh for you once you order it. AMAZING. Decor is a quaint diner feel, you can eat the counter which we did or you can opt for a table or booth. Definitely a place I will return to multiple times on my vacations in Vegas.
4	When my husband and I came down for our yearly "Freemont Experience" on Halloween trip, we just had to give this place a try and I must say that they have a amazing shrimp cocktail that we could not get enough of, and their "HUGE" cinnamon rolls were also a big hit!
5	Great place to enjoy a good breakfast before attacking his day. You can eat everything from fresh fruit to more complete lunches omelettes, pancakes. The service is excellent, the warm welcome especially with our little girl of 18 months. Also the restaurant is very well. Les prices are very good, much better than the market breakfasts of hotels.
5	If you like pancakes, you will love these. If you don't like pancakes, you will love these. These are truly the world's greatest pancakes - it's what a pancake should be. The outside is just slightly crisp and the inside is fluffy and delicious.  I ate with three people who claim to not enjoy pancakes - they couldn't stop eating mine.  Other highlights on the menu are the shrimp cocktail and the orange juice (fresh squeezed).
3	The shrimp cocktails are no longer 99 cents. They are now 3.99. It's decent. Their cocktail sauce still tastes better than any other place in Vegas. The pies are EXCELLENT and you'll be hard pressed to find a better pie anywhere.
5	The shrimp cocktail is big enough to share and at $3.99 is good. The pancakes were tried based on reviews and I have to say, they were about the best I have ever had. There is just something extra that takes them over the edge. You might try the boysenberry syrup that is served in a bowl; that seemed to really kick it up a notch. Patty Melt was also ordered and was outstanding. Service was great. This place is a must do. You don't need reservations as it is not always totally packed. It is now on our favorites list.
3	Come for the shrimp cocktails, stay for the cream pie.Time: Late lunch.Ambiance: 1970s diner.Crowd: Skewing towards degenerate gamblers.Menu: Diner.Service: Direct and attentive.Food Ordered: Shrimp cocktail and coconut cream pie.Food Quality: The shrimp were tiny and hardly represented the deal of old.  However, they were tasty and we didn't get sick.  The pie was very good, with only a mild coconut taste.Value: $4 tea?  Otherwise fine.
4	Great food,  nice people. My soup was like a cold canned soup. And it's the only reason that I couldn't give them 5 stars. Everything else was very good.
