5	So we got there tonight and it happened to be opening night. Had a bunch of friends who also attended separately and....It was great!It's not fancy (which I couldn't care less about) but the people were as nice and friendly as could be and the food was stellar.Having a father from Canton, China, I grew up eating Cantonese food all my life and only recently have been trying other regional Chinese cuisine - thanks to some good friends.From what I understand, they have imported a Cantonese chef and a Sichuan chef from China. Not positive but the food tastes like it could be the case.We went with the kids & had 5 dishes. All were fantastic.Salt & pepper calamari - delicious.  Light & flavorful. The kids devoured these.Scallion pancakes - absolutely loved. Simple but super tasty.  Will be a staple on subsequent trips.Water boiled fish - this dish was phenomenal. I'm still pretty new to the properties of Sichuan peppercorns but I love them. Fish was excellent with some kind of bean sprout some celery in a spicy sauce. If you're not familiar with Sichuan peppercorns, the start slow & then the heat builds & builds. The really cool thing is that they also have a numbing quality. Same thing. Starts slow & builds & builds. I love it. My friend mentioned to me how you get to a point where when you drink water, it almost seems carbonated from the numbness. Couldn't have loved this dish more.Yu Xian eggplant - this might have been my favorite of the night. I'm not a huge, huge eggplant fan all the time as it's just too soft of texture for me at times. This was still quite soft but the sauce just made it amazing. It's hot, sour, salty & sweet at the same time. Probably my favorite eggplant preparation ever. Think there was also some minced pork in there. Great, great dish.And then we finished with..Lai Tangyuan (glutinous rice balls served in soup) - these were lovely as well. They had a delicate, thin skin & were stuffed with a sweet sesame paste and were served in a sweet clear soup. Great way to end the meal.Super reasonable as well. For me, a great, great new spot for us. Super nice people, fantastic food, great value!Going back tomorrow night with the whole extended family. Woot!
5	This place was absolutely phenomenal. We had a group of 10 people, most industry professionals, and went crazy getting somewhere around 25 dishes or so. There honestly wasn't a bad dish in the lot. Its hard to even pick a favorite dish.Dan Dan Noodles. Nice Chinese pulled noodles with an oily chili sauce and minced pork. These were mouth numbingly hot, but incredibly flavorful and one of most memorable dishes for me. I could have at the whole bowl on my own.Lamb Ribs - Dry rubbed and flash fried. Tossed with Chilies and more dry spices. Fantastically addicting.Eggplant as stated on the last review was wonderful even to someone who doesn't really like eggplant.Green Beans with chopped pork. They are the ones in the pictures. Lightly pan fried and tossed with chili oil and chopped pork. The smokiness from the slight char on the green beans mixed with the chewiness of the pork was simple yet inspiring. The last reviewer's description of the water boiled fish was spot on. But I must reiterate how fantastic this dish was. There is a depth to the sweet and sour broth that makes you go back for more and more trying to figure out the different notes. Super spicy, but yet balanced with a different kind of Chinese sprout and a bit of Shiso. Wonderfully complex and even gets better as it cools. The fish was clean, fresh, and delicate cooked.A few members of our group speak Cantonese and talked to the chef for quite some time, before, during, and after the meal. They did indeed fly 2 chefs in for this restaurant and it seems to have paid off. The 2 do every single bit of preparation themselves with no help, and have friendly rivalry going in the kitchen. It makes for an amazing back and forth through the entire meal, with each dish better than the next. By the end of the meal we were even invited to take a peek in the tiny kitchen.And o what a tiny kitchen it was. (for a kitchen in Phoenix). The kitchen is super tiny, the building is pretty beat up, but everything is impeccably clean, and the cuisine was honestly some of the best I've had outside of ChinaAll in all we spent 3 hours at this place. We had around 25 beers, and 25 dishes, ALL for a whopping total of $25 a piece, including tip!!!
5	A don't miss place in the Valley of the Sun!
5	Let me first get one thing out of the way: you don't come here for ambiance, as the restaurant has a very basic look both inside and outside. But if you want really good, authentic Sichuan and Cantonese style cuisine, this is the place to go. You'll find many intriguing dishes listed in the menu and the staff will be more than willing to help you out with the less familiar dishes, but you will definitely be pleased with what you'll get. The prices are very reasonable, considering the quality and quantity of the food you'll get. And remember that if you find the spicy boldness of Sichuan cooking a bit daunting, you can always choose the more delicate and highly flavorful Cantonese dishes. Be aware that the entrance to the parking area in the rear is easy to miss. The restaurant entrance itself is at the back of the building, just beside the parking area. And if you don't care to drive, here's good news - especially for the ASU people who would love to have excellent Chinese food at a nearby place and who are on a limited budget: the restaurant is just steps away from the Apache Blvd / Price Rd / 101 station of the light rail, across the street from its park-n-ride, so it's easily accessible! http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/_Dvh5A3C9EOzil1C6YeJUw/l.jpg
5	Excellent Sichuan and Cantonese dishes, friendly efficient service, and great prices. You can't go wrong at Miu's Cuisine, which opened up recently. We got a few different dishes, and left very full and satisfied, with lots of leftovers for the next day!We got the ma po tofu, seafood with bean curd, yu xiang eggplant, sizzling rice soup, water-boiled fish, and a special order (Beef with bitter melon). Each was a large portion of food, with a distinct flavor, and well seasoned. The ma po tofu and beef with bitter melon were some of the best that I've had. Our total for all that food with 2 sodas and hot tea (Including tax) was about $55, not bad!Rice and drinks were refilled as necessary, and service was friendly and prompt. They speak English, Mandarin and Cantonese here. One of the people in charge stopped by our table and chatted with us for a little, which was nice. One thing to note is that they do not have a soda fountain, so sodas ($1.75, Pepsi products) are sold by the can.Finally, a really good Chinese restaurant in Tempe! I'm predicting this will be one of my favorites for either dining out or getting food to-go if I'm in the mood for authentic Chinese food!
5	I feel like an echo at this point, but this is a hidden gem at the edge of Tempe. Don't just pass it by like we did so many times. This was our first visit, so we went with some yelp-recommended favorites: water boiled fish and yu xiang eggplant. As an appetizer, we got the pork belly in garlic sauce (because I'm obsessed with anything pork belly). It did not disappoint. Everything was fantastic, but the eggplant was my favorite. The pork belly was my husband's. You've got to check this place out! We live right up the street, so I'm guessing this will be a regular place for us from now on.
5	Came here on a weekday night with my girlfriend for a fun night out. The staff is really friendly, offering to help navigate their enormous menu, providing suggestions for what to order, and translating the Chinese items that didn't have any English equivalents written down.For appetizers, we ordered the Bean Thread in Spicy & Sour Sauce and two cups of Hot & Sour Soup. Both were big, spicy, and very filling. I added some excitement to the place by accidentally splashing some of the very spicy sauce from the Bean Thread (noodles) into my eye. I literally could not even open my eye afterward, so one of the waiters led me by the hand, blind, to the bathroom so I could rinse it out. The whole restaurant staff was very concerned, and everyone in the place cheered when I emerged from the bathroom. No harm done. I returned to the table to find the Water-Boiled Fish and the Yu Xiang Eggplant we ordered waiting for me. First of all, the serving sizes are enormous. Each entree could easily feed two people. They were both delicious, but the eggplant was seriously some of the best food I've ever tasted. They must have some sort of drug in the sauce, because it just wipes your mind of everything you're thinking about and overwhelms you with deliciousness. No dessert for us because there was basically an entire dinner left on the table. We took two boxes and two bowls home. Total price for all of the above? $25, after a 10% discount in account of my eye incident (which they really didn't have to do). Pretty freaking awesome place. Highly recommend.
5	When the menu includes "Large Intestine", you know it's got to be good.  Well, not necessarily but you at least have an inkling it's not going to be the typical American Chinese menu.  Despite having spent a year in mainland China quite some years ago, I did not find myself drawn to "Large Intestine", no matter how authentic, and our gang of four settled elsewhere on the menu to happy results all around.  Every dish was excellent, absolutely exceptional in a totally positive way,  and I look forward to returning for more as soon as I've recovered from my foray to the Szechuan side of the menu.  Sure, "hot n sour" soup is a Chinese restaurant staple, but this one took the eye-watering, nose-running spicy-hot cake. (Disclaimer: No warranty on over- stretched metaphors and aphorisms)  Unfortunately "hot" doesn't like me anymore, but this was so good I elected to repair to the car for a shot of non-denominational pink bismuth solution in order that I should be able to consume more without immediate threat to self or community at large.  It was so worth it.  I'll be back with more specifics on the dishes we tried, but highly recommend the glutinous rice balls with the sweet sesame paste dessert.  Delightful in itself, a light, not "heavy", lightly sweet dessert, a wonderful compliment to the meal as well as a utilitarian palate-cleansing restorative to the spice-numbed tongue, though from a marketing perspective I might recommend they come up with a more appetizing pseudonym for "glutinous rice balls".  "Large Intestine" perhaps?   Highly recommend. A genuine find.Service was friendly and helpful.  Ambiance: Bare, but clean.  Dining area and mens' room: Clean.   Conveniently adjacent to light rail stop.  Open until 10PM.  Be warned of easy-to-miss narrow driveway between buildings off north side of Apache. P.S. Cousin, brace yourself - This to be your belated birthday dinner!P.S.2:  A shamefully belated but heaping helping of "thank you" to Norm R. for the introduction and meal!
5	There are places on this site that get 5 star reviews and I wonder why.  And then, there are those places that get 5 star reviews and I think that it is so well deserved.  Miu's Cuisine is one of those places.  This is the kind of place that moves the 5-star-review-bar just a little bit higher for future establishments! I don't even know where to begin.  My palate and my mind have been blown completely away by the flavors that I experienced tonight.  Thank you Norm R for organizing the UYE.  I ordered the Spicy Lamb Ribs and the Garlic Pork Belly, both were delicious items.  The Spicy Lamb Ribs dish is seasoned with the Schezchuan pepper.  That pepper is not in the family of HOT like the jalapeno.  That pepper makes your mouth tingle and feel numb when you eat the food.  There was an appropriate balance of salty with the zingy-ness of the pepper.  I came to learn when our dinner was over that the chef toned down the spice level for my American palate.  I'll say that is a huge mistake because I wondered why they would give that a 4/5 star hot star rating.  They should have asked me.  I will be sure to request the correct spice level if I order that again.Fortunately for me, I had dinner there with about 10 other Yelpers (Jeff E, Laura I, Jared R, Chrystalle B, Tom S, Liz S, Norm R, Robert O, John M, Teresa S and Mario C).  We all were happy to pass our dishes around for others to sample -- family style.  So I had my share of food there tonight.  I found that my palate was partial to the schezchuan style and not as partial to Cantonese.  No surprise there, I LOVE spicy foods.  These are my favorites from tonight in order.Cumin Flavored LambWater Boiled FishSpicy Lamb RibsBraised EggplantPork Belly In Garlic Sauce (Kinda hard to chew)Combination Fried Rice (I was going to skip this, but had a last minute taste.  SO GOOD!!!!!!)Sauteed Green BeansSeafood w/sizzling Rice CakeTo put it into perspective, the Seafood w/sizzling Rice Cake would get a 4.5 Star from me.At the bottom of the favorite list and at the top of the NEVER AGAIN list would be:ANYTHING with bitter melon. (Yikes, not good that bitter melon).My Wish List:Salt and Pepper SquidWar Wonton SoupRoasted DuckAny of the Reservation Only Seafood dishes.I didn't mention the ambiance, the service or the location... all not so great, but with the food being a solid 5+ Stars, who cares if its located on the moon, I'd go there.  Let's hope the service improves.  The servers just need to improve their efficiency.  Albeit, they are extremely nice and accommodating!! Go here.  Period.Mini Update: I've thought about how slowly food came out.  it was actually nice so that plates of food could be passed around and sampled.  and empty plates could be removed to make room for the next plates.  If everyone's food had come out within 5 or 10 mins.. then some food would have been cold  by the time you get to it, etc.  I like the way the plates trickled out, in hindsight.
5	I have returned - and the food was as excellent as the first time, and this time with a big o school of yelpies to share dishes with, got to try numerous additional dishes including the highly recommended double boiled fish, dried string beans, shrimp seafood & mushroom, and more.  All excellent.  Our group clearly overwhelmed the kitchen a bit as dishes appeared over the course of an hour, perhaps an hour and a half, but we got to take our time passing around the dishes and sampling, and the good company made the evening fly.  The wait staff doesn't seem the most experienced but they are so uniformly anxious to please, friendly, and helpful, that more polished might actually be a detraction from the comfortable family feel of the place.   For second time enjoyed the meal at Miu's immensely.  Best advice: go with others so you can sample and share the GREAT variety.  Good company made for even better dining - Thanks to Norm R & all for being great companions for the evening - and to Joel L for great recommendations for tonight and future visits too. Two visits still = 5 Stars for me.
5	Well thanks to our new friend Norm we were lucky enough to experience Miu!We are actually excited to go back and try more items.Norm arranged a meeting for us all at Mui and lucky enough we were both able to go.Do not let the location scare you, because, it is in a very rough area of Tempe. Right on the boarder of Tempe, Mesa. I actually had never been over here before last night.It is located on the North side of the road and the entrance could be easy to miss.I had to circle around 2 x's to find the drive. Since it is on the Light Rail road of Apache it makes it a tiny bit difficult. But, let me say so worth it!We had I think 12 people here in our group. The staff was so very accommodating to us. Being a Friday night it was a bit busy and then we all came in.The hot Tea and the Ice Tea are imported from China and are wonderful, full body and strong but, not bitter.As you can see from all the other reviews the food runs the scale. All divine, and all different types of flavor.I had Eggplant in a brown sauce AWESOME!  The vegetables here are so fresh.It is as if they just picked them from the garden. Green beans,mmm I have never had better. The food was piping hot when it was brought out to us as well.As I learned here they do not add anything that should not be there. It is not salted,or no sugar, corn starch or artificial flavor or color. Of course absolutely no MSG. This is pure food and all for a very reasonable price.The rice is included with every dish. We were able to try a Szechuan pepper dish,LAMB that was amazing! I have never tasted any thing like it in my life. As well as Bitter Melon ,which comes from the gourd family. An amazing anti oxidant food that is an acquired taste they say.But, if you have a bite of each of the amazing items you get the full experience.We were so lucky to have Norm there who knew a lot about the traditional Chinese foods and how they should be eaten and what to expect.We also had Won Ton in Chile sauce appetizers that were spicy and oh so good.Every thing here is amazing and we are truly looking forward to our return visit.The dining area is large so it is good for groups, but I would give them a heads up first. They like to have all fresh items  to cook for you.Clean bathrooms and you will park in the lot in the back of the restaurant.
4	Behold right out of no where we now have Authentic Sichuan and Cantonese flavors right at our fingertips. Miu's took an old boring building that has been there for forever and gave it some updating, a little lipstick and some new signage. Nice job. Place is very simple inside and service for me so far has been a little sparse when they first open at 11am. I have to find the chef cooking in the kitchen to get seated. Yes I peeked at his sauces. Tee hee. Get ready you are going to have some of the most interesting and amazing flavors out there.The menu is Gigantic with all sort of choices and styles. It is fun to hear people speaking Chinese while they enjoy their food. I like hot and spicy so the Sichuan menu is the side I have been working on so far. Ordered the Wonton in Spicy and Sour Sauce and they were so tender. Tried the Sichuan Hot and Sour Beanthread Noodles which was interestingly good. Yu Xiang Eggplant so far is my favorite as well as any of the Sichuan water boiled dishes. The table next to me ordered several Cantonese dishes and they looked really tasty and colorful. Right now I thinking something with Bitter Melon for next visit. Hmm?Easy to drive right passed and you may have to drive a bit to get around the light rail to do a U-turn or you can just take the rail and WOK right on over. Take your time and don't be in a hurry. Enjoy the flavors and bring some friends. Smiles!
4	I recently went here as a UYE. I ordered the moo shoo chicken and it was yummy. While most are giving it 5 stars, I am giving it 4 stars because there were not very many dishes that I could eat or wanted to eat. The green beans were amazing though.  I quickly found out that I have enjoyed eating very Americanized Chinese dishes with the sesame chicken and sweet and sour chicken. I was very surprised with the location of it and actually drove past the entrance but I finally made it. It is in a rough part of Tempe but once your inside, it is not that bad.I started looking at the menu and was looking for the eggrolls and edamame and all of the dishes I a used to but to my surprise none of those were on there. There was pork belly however. I did not try it when it came around but everyone who ate it really liked it. The menu was very helpful because it was marked by spiciness. I do not like spice so I made sure to stay away from the *. The food looked amazing when it came out and I tried everything I could. I would like to go back and try more things so I can experience more authentic Chinese. The setting is like other Chinese restaurants though.Here are some item that others have recommended:Porkbelly in the appetizersEggplantGlazed green beanskung pao chicken
2	Updated 3/27/13I haven't been back to Miu's for round two- but I was PMed by a fellow Yelper a few days ago, who let me in on a little secret: apparently the food is much, much better when you dine in.  I was also contacted by the owner of Miu's, who was extremely apologetic over our bad experience and let me know that he'd taken concrete steps to sort out at least a few of the problems I mentioned in my original post, re: they have a larger staff and more delivery dudes now.  He also let me know that you can request less oil on the Sichuan portion of the menu.  Perhaps one of these days I'll get a wild hare and decide to try Miu's again.  For now, though, I'm bumping them up a star.  A cult following and kind, polite customer service do not mouth-watering fare make... but they definitely help.  xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxSo, I'm wondering if our delivery guy was jumped on the way over and, instead of being mugged, was forced to switch out all of the delicious goodies we ordered for some of the worst Chinese I've ever had.  Of course, there are some of you who will look at my photo and point out triumphantly, "Oh, but you're a white girl!  OF COURSE you didn't like *real* Sichuan or Cantonese, your palate is crap!"  Not true, friends.  I am a former Chicagoan, San Franciscan and New Yorker.  I have prowled the grungy alleys of 'Chinatowns' from, literally, sea to shining sea.  I have more than dabbled in traditional Sichuan, and when I read all of the glowing reviews on Yelp, I was practically panting with excitement as I called up to place a delivery order at Miu's.Let's get down to brass tacks- I realize the restaurant is in its infancy, and so I'm not going to judge the service too harshly here.  There were a few mishaps as I ordered (not shocking, since I ordered based on other Yelpers' reviews, having been unsuccessful at locating an actual menu), and the food took an hour and forty minutes to show up.  The driver was really nice, though, and they tossed some sort of tripe dish into one of the bags, presumably to make up for the wait.  However... the food.  Sweet fat christ on a bicycle, the FOOD.  WAS AWFUL.  We got the water boiled fish, the eggplant, the green beans, the wontons, and the dan dan noodles.  Not a winner among 'em. Let me preface that statement by telling you that Boyfriend and I are not picky.  We dumpster dive on a regular basis.  That's right, I'm telling you that I routinely eat things out of a garbage can, and that I still think the food at Miu's was terrible.  Now, I appreciate that Sichuan is usually very oily and spicy.  This is why I love it!  But it tasted as if they'd run out of peppers and so instead just dumped a bunch of salt in and crossed their fingers.  Imagine preparing a really lovely meal... and then dumping a quart of Crisco over it.  Bingo.  I really had my hopes up for the green beans in particular, but nope.  Too oily and mushy to even be recognizable as green beans and pork belly.  That being said... maybe the staff was just having an off night?  The woman who took my order did say they were very busy, so perhaps our terrible meal was a reflection of a small kitchen and a staff stretched too thin.  I definitely will not be going back, but there are so many glowing reviews here that I wouldn't blame you if you wanted to chance it.  Just don't say I didn't warn you.
5	Good Chinese food very authentic! I am a Chinese international student and really feel like back home with miu's flavor! Awesome place! Will go back with friends!
5	I born in Sichuan and come to US about 5 years ago. Currently going to ASU. Thanks to my friend Kevin brings me and friends to miu's. the food is excellent. The best for miu's is acturally the red chill oil. This is not oil. A lot of people think it is grease and oil in the Sichuan plates. That is Hugh mistake. The redness come from the Sichuan peppercorn. When Sichuan peppercorn overcooked inside wok, the redness will come come out as liquid. It looks like oil but it is actually the flavored liquid..extremely spicy!!! Most Chinese restaurants don't do such sauce because the high cost of labor and the cost of the pepper. My family been cook food using this method for years. About 2 pounds of peppercorn can produce about 1 teacup of the sauce. Miu's red "oil" is made this way. And we ordered about 10 Sichuan dishes the total for all that is only 130 !! Tips in there also! That is unbelievable! Highly recommended place!
5	In a quiet unassuming little slump block building lays the greatest kept secret in all the Phx metro area, a sleeping dragon coiled and ready to dominate this town with an array of delicacies that bar comparison to any chinese restaurant this side of San Francisco. Miu's is leagues above any of it's competitors in Phoenix, simply put they are the best. The dishes offered are overtly authentic, with flavors that beguile and transform expectations, since I ate here I cannot look at the places I used to frequent, they pale in comparison. The service is extraordinarily attentive and kind hearted, it's evident that these are people who obviously take pride that they work for something they believe in, and it left me feeling lucky to have the option of a restaurant that I can fully believe in. Finally there is a place we locals can be proud of and give as an example of the fine eats available to out of towners who complain that we don't have any good Chinese resto's. I cannot wait to come back and try even more of the menu it's an adventure and a love affair that feels so good to embark on.
5	Met up with a friend for lunch here since we both like to try out different restaurants around the Valley. At first impression, you have a fairly nondescript building and a very narrow driveway to the parking in the back.Do not let that deter you because inside you will find a menu with some pretty phenomenal and high quality food!To start off, we had hot & sour soup and the egg flower soup.  The carrots and peas in my egg flower soup were so fresh.For the main entree, I had a Sichuan dish of twice fried pork with various grilled vegetables served with rice.My lunch partner opted for a vegetarian dish of mushrooms; which I admittedly stole from when she wasn't looking!! It was pretty damn good.Our server was very helpful in identifying what was in the various dishes and the food was promptly delivered.  I definitely recommend you try this place if you want some authentic Sichuan and/or Cantonese style cuisine.To recap, this is definitely a place that you want to try
5	I went to Miu's on a whim and loved what they had.  Authentic cuisine that was sooo yummy.  What an experience.  They are still in their infancy as a restaurant but all together very friendly.  The food was amazing we had the spicy ribs and the everything fried rice and the sizzling rice soup!  All were so flavorful and delicious.  Wish them all the best.  NOte:  the parking is in the back and the driveway is to the left of the building.  It is a little tricky, but the entrance is in the back so don't be deceived by the front door entrance, because we actually drove by on a different night and thought that it was closed or being remodeled so that is not the case.
4	After all the hubub about this new Chinese restaurant, my boyfriend and I knew we had to try it!  Since we were going to be out of town for the UYE, we stopped in a few days earlier.  The location is strange, you definitely need to know where you're going to find it.  It's easy to miss the turn, and it's such a narrow driveway that a car cannot get in if another is trying to get out.  Just be on the lookout!  Once inside, the ambiance was strange.  The tables and decor felt classy, but the bright fluorescent lighting contrasted for a more industrial feel.  The menu wasn't what I expected at all.  There were few of the usual dishes I look for, so I was forced to step outside of my comfort zone.  I don't mind that, but for a regular Friday night when I want Sweet and Sour Chicken, I'll end up ordering from a run of the mill delivery place.  For this meal, we wanted to try a few things to get a proper feel of Miu's.  We ordered the broiled eggplant, chicken lettuce wraps, and combination lo mein.  They arrived slowly over the course of about 15 minutes, so it was a good thing we were planning on sharing everything rather than waiting for all the food to come out before we could start.  The eggplant and lettuce wraps were awesome, and the lo mein was fairly predictable.  We had hot tea that came in adorable tea cups and water that came in typical plastic, again contrasting the classy with the industrial.  The service was a little slow, but not enough to make us feel neglected; just to dine at a relaxed pace.  Everyone seemed very friendly and grateful that we'd stopped in.  We mentioned we'd heard of them through Yelp, and he laughed and said that he's already got a group of Yelp regulars.  The only frustrating part of the evening was trying to pay the check; they brought it to us quickly, but never returned to run the credit card, and at that point we really needed to get going.  When we tracked him down he felt really bad he'd forgotten, and we were on our way.I like that this is different from your usual chinese fare, and I'm looking forward to trying a few new things (probably not pork belly though).  This place is definitely worth a try.
2	Got takeout from Miu's tonight. We initially planned on dining in, but upon our arrival, we quickly realized that it was way too awkward and weird, even for us, so we opted for takeout. Let me explain. The inside feels like an elementary school cafeteria, minus the chittering of small children. In fact, not only were there no children screams, but there were no sounds at all. It was silent. No music or even an air conditioning vent murmuring. There were about three tables of people and they were all whispering. It was WEIRD. We still wanted to try the food so sat down and looked at the menu. We ordered takeout and waited 40 minutes. Finally, the server (the only one we ever saw, and she was very nice and accommodating, for the record) gave us our food and the check and off we went.We ordered the Pork Belly in Garlic Sauce (spicy), the Dan Dan noodles (REALLY spicy), the Kung Pao Chicken, and the Beef Lo Mein. The beef Lo Mein was decent, the pork belly was sub par (albiet very interesting for those who like something different), and the dan dan noodles were just bad. I didn't try the kung pao chicken, but my husband seemed to like it.Overall, I'd probably not come back. It wasn't great, the establishment lacks any kind of comfortable homey feel, and the food took forever to come out. A solid 2 stars, as the food wasn't inedible and the server was very sweet.
5	Came here with a group of people a few weeks ago,for a group outing.What a great time we had. The food was really good! Everything we tried and we tried a lot sharing samples of all the foods. Thank you Norm for finding this place and for inviting us to join you and experiance it. The service was nice, they really tried to please everyone. The eggplant was awesome, and the dishes were all hot and tasty.A little hard to find at first, it is near the light rail so you may drive by it. But, well worth your time. A great find. Parking is in the back.Or as some other Yelpers have said, take the light rail.
5	I've already tried Szechuan Style Cuisine a number of times so I already had an idea of what to except but what I didn't except was the very friendly kind staff that made us feel very welcomed and seemed deeply concerned that we enjoyed our meal here. The food was similar to other Szechuan I tried but in general all seemed fresher, Brighter with more vegetables and not flame scorching hot. They also do Cantonese Cuisine but I didn't order any this time.We started with the Bean Threads in Spicy Sour Sauce and the Spicy Cucumbers. The cucumbers were a less oily and less fiery version of what I had someplace else but they were fresher and brighter being crisp and fresh. They are kind of refreshing and additive and spicy but not too spicy garnished with fresh scallions hot chili's and Szechuan peppercorns that were slightly mouth numbing. The bean threads come in a tasty sauce that is also hot but not too hot. The bean threads have a very soft texture but are very healthy with a low carbs and some fiber.We had the Water Boiled Fish and it differed from the other times I had it. This one had more herb garnish, vegetables and was a very manageable heat level. It also had the freshest bean sprouts I've ever tasted in it and the fish was very tender and plentiful.We also had the Spicy Pork with Pickled Vegetables. It was unlike any dish we had before and was very good. We were checked on many times and our waitress even offered to give us more rice.I drank the Chinese Black Iced Tea. It was presweetened and flavored. Not my kind but It reminded me of a long Island Iced Tea because I imagined a splash of cola in it. I don't know if it has cola flavor or not in it but that's what it tasted like to me. The owner very proudly told me that he imports the teas, herbs and many ingredients  from China for the most authentic experience he can provide.A gem of Tempe.
4	Totally delish!!On my first visit, I was sort of concerned that this place was closed.  There was literally not a SINGLE other car in the lot.  And when I walked in (door was open...), I was the ONLY person.  Naturally, this is to be expected for a new no-name sort of place, but I wanted to trust my fellow Yelpers' enthusiasm for the place.Props to Joel L. for his wonderful MUST/SHOULD order list.  My dining companion, Paul D. ordered based upon that list, and I went with a recommendation from our server.Now for the good stuff:I had hot and sour soup, while Paul had the egg flower soup. I tend to love hot and sour soup when I have a cold - the peppery vinegary goodness is perfect for curing the sniffles.  I'm pretty sure this is my new cold-fighting takeout!I tend to eat vegetarian, so I asked our server what he recommended from my possible choices.  He actually suggested something completely different (mushroom mix).  It was SOoooo good!  It had a very light sauce which was not greasy at all - something that I've found is a rarity in Chinese food.  Paul had a bit, and even though he's not a weirdo vegetarian, he liked it.Now for the crazy part.  Most people who know me know I'm annoying adverse to pork.  But Paul's twice-fried pork was so good, I actually found myself enjoying pig!Even the leftovers (portion size = generous here), were great.I hope Yelp keeps this place alive - it is that good!
3	I went here for lunch today and it was a solid three star, but has the potential to be a 4-5 star place. The place was pretty empty at lunch and my friend and I were seated right away. We ordered a bunch of things to share. Here is my complaint number one: We ordered the dan dan noodles, potstickers, eggplant, and sesame pancakes....I asked the waitress if this was enough food for the two of us and she said no, the apps were very small.....and we ordered some wonton soup. Well this was ridiculous, we had enough food for 4 people, I don't know what she was talking about! I guess it gave us an opportunity to try a lot of things. Anyway, we received the dan dan noodles first. I thought they were a 3 star, ok, but nothing super special. They had a nice mild spiciness. I probably wouldn't get them again. Then we got the wonton soup. The soup was pretty par for the course as far as wonton soups go. Another 3 star dish. Next we got the potstickers and those were a definite 1-2 star item....they were like the frozen potstickers you get from trader joes. That is always such a disappointment. After that we got the yu xiang eggplant and THAT was a 5 star dish. The eggplant was very soft and had a good texture and it was extremely flavorful. I was happy we got it, but at this point we were realizing the huge amount of food that we ordered. So finally we get the sesame pancakes and those are probably a 4 star, they were good, but not the best I have ever had. I am sure that this place has more gems like the eggplant, and that I would need to come back to try some other things that would maybe bump up the rating for this place. Here is my second complaint: The service was awkward and slow. We sat around with the food sitting out for about 30 minutes before having to call someone over (who was just standing there looking at us) to ask for a box. Then again we waited for another 10 min or so to get our check. In the mean time, the girls who work there were just standing there or walking by our table to another one of the 3 tables that were full in the restaurant. Also, it kind of looks like people live in the back of this restaurant, there were couches, a tv, people just hanging out behind a partition. Finally, they left the doors to the place wide open letting in a massive amount of flies that bothered us throughout the meal....I don't love having flies all over my food and one actually died in my friend's noodles and she had to pick it out.... yikes. I would give this place another shot, but, I have to say, I wasn't thoroughly impressed today.
5	place was awesome the people there were very nice the decor could use some work but the food was amazing and the parking lot was a little creepy lol but that's ok, i can look past that. all and all i would recommend this place to anyone looking for good food.
5	Came here as part of a UYE set up by Norm and I am really glad I made it. This place isn't your run of the mill chinese food. It is authentic (according to Norm) and full of unique flavors that differ from the chains and take out places. They actually pack a lot of flavor into their dishes and they are nice and spicy which I love but at the same time the heat isn't the only thing you taste.Since we all went semi-family style with it I got try a lot of dishes so here are some quick hits:-Kung Pao Chicken - My go to dish that is normally fairly lack luster but consistent elsewhere here actually had robust flavor and some healthy heat.-Szechuan Peppers- foudn these in various dishes and they were spicy but at the same time kind of mouth numbing which gave a unique taste and sensation. I liked it others may not.-Pork Belly (aka the Bacon part) - was really tasty and had some great sweet and spicy dumplings.-Onions and lamb- was my favorite just a great flavor combo here and well executed with great flavor of cumin.-Hot and sour- Good but lacked the hot part, especially when compared to other dishes on the night.-Bitter melon - It's an experience you need to try at least once. Get it to share since you probably won't eat the entire dish.-Eggplant - well cooked and flavor not over powered. Highly recommended.-Seafood and sizzling rice (rice cakes) - This was one of the stars of the night. -Lamb ribs and spicy peppers - great dish as the ribs were nice and crispy went well with the peppers that give the dish a nice punch.Considering they have 2 large groups in the place at the same time and one of the servers was obviously new they did a great job getting things handled. The staff answered a lot of questions and took care of us well.I highly recommend this place as the quality and taste of the food can't be beat and the prices are right in line with your grab and go Chinese food places.
5	words cannot describe.Seriously, these other reviews, their suggestions, those aren't lies.  Go.  Go now. Go often.Nothing I've had to date can compare, that boiled fish.... oh so good.  But everything here is, I have been twice, with large groups, ordering more food than we should, and you know what? Nothing was less than amazing.It's not fancy.  There really is no ambiance at all.  But guess what, that doesn't matter at all when thier food is this good.
5	For certain foods there is often this weird phenomena that the more basic and hole-in-the-wall the establishment, the better the food, and Miu's Cuisine is one of those places. I'd heard rumblings in the foodie grapevine that the food was worth checking out but if I wanted any ambiance, best to get takeout. Well, I'm not overly concerned with ambiance, which is good as this place is about as basic as you can get but basic as in simple and clean, which is fine. It seems they specialize in Szechuan (spicy!) and Cantonese (not so much) cooking and though the list of items is not as large as in some bigger Chinese restaurants it is still a pretty varied list, including a whole list of vegetarian options. I'd seen a review of this establishment on PHX Rail Food and based on that ordered the garlic cucumbers, which are amazing. They are the small and thin skinned Lebanese cucumbers cut into chunks and then bathed in a mix of raw garlic, a bit of salt, some hot chili oil (though not spicy), and possibly some rice wine, though I'm not sure, but this simple dish, delicious. The only challenge is that they are super difficult to pick up with chopsticks so had to break down and get a fork or you can eat them with your hands.We also ordered some scallion pancakes which are decent and help act as a shoving instrument to get food onto your fork if needed. In addition, tried the pan fried potstickers (eh, nothing special but large), the cold chicken (delicious, and covered in a mix of chopped garlic, possibly with some diced scallions, and some rice wine vinegar, whatever it was, super tasty), and the braised eggplant (delicious, would so get that again). We also ordered some cooked rice and I don't know if they have brown rice but what they brought was good, nice and sticky.Finally, we did order some green tee, that could have been hotter. I like mine steaming hot and this was a but lukewarm but that is part of the basic charm. All that for two people came out to $30. My co-worker thought it was a but much but I'll disagree and say it was well priced for the quality of the food.I'm giving it five stars for the quality of the food and though the place was basic, the service was good. Speaking of that food quality, I've been to Japan a few times, and Hong Kong, and I truly felt I was overseas when eating this food, it was that good. I look forward to working my way through the rest of the menu items so  folks go check it out and if you don't like a basic dining atmosphere, get it to go. I don't think you will be disappointed.*Quick update - took the parents, we loved the twice cooked pork dish and once again, got an eggplant dish, wonderful! I also ordered the lamb ribs which come out looking like something form the food channel - small ribs, fried with just a bit of chewy meet left on them, but mixed in with a mound of dried hot peppers, fresh scallions, and possibly another spice or two (maybe cumin?) - suffice to say, spicy, though in a spice way as well as somewhat hot. It was not my cup of tea but definitely a food experience that may be worth a try.
5	The staff was extremely nice and the food was great. From first impression it looks like a whole in the wall but don't let that detour to from trying the amazing food.
5	Wow!  Great authentic Szechuan food in Arizona.   The water oiled fish with peppercorn was truly numbing.   Cumin beef was delicious.   Highly recommend!
5	Wow. Just wow.What Liz said. What Jared said. What nearly everyone else has said.This place is FANTASTIC. It may be a little hard to find. A white building w/ no traditional signage, we only found it because of the banner on one side that said "Chinese food" on it. Like Liz said, no ambiance at all, except for the food.I had chicken fried rice and some spicy wontons, both fantastic. The wonton broth was super spicy, so good. And since we had such a big group, it was very much family style. Every single thing I tried was great if not better than that. The flavors were amazing. Several of the dishes had Szechuan peppers (very spicy) but all used in different ways. The lamb (all 3 variations I tried) was tender and flavorful. The bitter melon is definitely an acquired taste.There is a bit of a language barrier between the wait staff and guests, Im guessing thats the reason that every dish on the menu is written in English and Chinese. Have some patience and be prepared to have one of the best meals available in the valley.
4	Like Pavlov's dogs, my husband and i headed over to Miu's after we read the review in The New Times.  As many have said,  the place is in an iffy neighborhood but that never deters people like us and obviously other Yelpers either.  We entered through a door in the back located in the  parking area (as opposed to having an entrance facing the street).  Upon entering we noted that the decor was sparse if non existent (we don't eat decor!) but more importantly the place looked clean.  We started with the Hot and Sour soup made with tofu instead of the usual pork.  The soup portion was generous and delicious worthy of 5 stars.  We both ate and still brought some leftovers home--at 5.95, a great value.My hubby ordered the water boiled fish which got rave reviews in the New Times article and by other Yelpers.   But as others have said,  the wait staff has a bit of a problem with English and so it took a bit to find out the kind of fish it was.  According to the cook, it was sole.  When it arrived it was in a bowl with broth and swimming in a red oil.  So we began to scoop out the oily top and finally decided it was easier to move the fish and the veggies to a plate and eat it from there.  The fish was delicately cook and the veggies had some flavor but nothing to write home about.  He ate it but I didn't hear the usual oo's and ah's when he really likes something.  He ate it in silence which usually means, I ordered it so I have to eat it.  He ordered it at my suggestion since some people seems to enjoy it in the newspaper review but I guess all palates are not the same.  Next time I'll keep my "gills" shut.  I ordered the Salt and Pepper Shrimp which took quite a while to come out.  The waitress apologized and told me that the shrimp had been frozen and needed to be defrosted.  I expect frozen seafood in a land-locked state and it is certainly better than leaving them un-defrosted in a refrigerator to rot. slowly.  So the shrimp came out in a large plate with their heads and eyes looking at me.  I was not shocked after all this is a very authentic restaurant.  There were about 11 nicely sized shrimp on the plate but they were definitely not jumbo shrimp.  They had been cooked without breading (good) but with their scales on which I removed before I ate each one.  The shrimp were properly done with some onions and peppers on the bottom of the plate.  What it was missing was ginger.  Every single chinese restaurant where I have eaten this dish (NY's Chinatown as well) puts ginger as well as salt and pepper and sautes the shrimp in the mixture. I asked for ginger and they promptly brought me some.  By the way, the "pepper" in salt and pepper shrimp was missing.  So I ate the shrimp skipping the head and the eyes.  (I'm just not that good yet!)  I would give the shrimp for freshness and value of the dish, 4 stars.  The water boiled fish and the salt and pepper shrimp were each $10.95.  I could understand the shrimp at that price but the portion of the fish was not that large and sole is not all that expensive.  I think they need to check their price points.  The prices at Mei's is almost equivalent to the pricing in Scottsdale chinese restaurants.  Considering the neighborhood, I think that the dishes may be a little overpriced.I realize that a new restaurant owner wants to re-coup his investment but too much too fast may not be a good strategy.By the way, the young owner did come by our table to find out how everything was.   Very nice and very gracious.  I think Mei's is worthy of another try.  I will be generous this time and give them 4 stars.  (The soup and the service really helped their rating)
4	I totally enjoyed the food.  They need a new location to match the level the food is on though.  I spoke to one of the owners and he stated he was in talks to open a place up in Northeast Phoenix around Tatum and Bell I believe.  I certainly hope so and I'll be there when they do.  Great food, really.  Look past the building and all else.  The food will win you over for sure.  One note though, hot means hot when ordering Szechuan....I'm just say'in.
1	I read about the high scoring reviews on Yelp and decided to try it but was sorely disappointed. The food is relatively authentic, but much more of a "home-style" than restaurant style. My biggest gripe is the food/price value of Miu's which is exceptionally abysmal. A 2 person meal ended up almost $50 for some appetizers, main course and some soup.Please note, as I ordered in Chinese, I don't exactly know the English names used in the menu and even the Chinese names listed may not be exactly the same as the menu, but should be quite close to their dish name.Cong You Bing (Scallion Pancake) - Extremely oily, no crispiness whatsoever and quite small. Almost certainly from a frozen package at about $4. Head to the frozen section in Lee Lee's or Mekong Plaza supermarket if you want a superior version (seriously).Dan Dan Mian (Dan Dan Noodles) - Some cooked noodles resting above a spicy sauce (about a couple tablespoons worth) and you mix it up yourself. There's literally nothing else, no meat or soup just some green onion. Tastes okay, but not okay enough for another $4. This dish takes me back to my college years, eating cooked Top Ramen with mixed in Sriracha or something. Cost me about 20 cents.Guo Pa Soup (Sizzling Rice Soup) - Served as a relatively small bowl of soup and a plate of loose scorched rice. Imagine a clear broth with 2-3 shrimp pieces and 3-4 pork pieces with some mushrooms and veggies, with a side plate of baked loose rice krispies that somehow lost his marshmallow friend and couldn't combine into a block. Now maybe that sounds kind of appetizing, but in a decent restaurant this is normally served as a large block of scorched rice, resembling that of a Rice Krispie treat. You then are supposed to pour the soup on top of said rice block and it's supposed to snap crackle and pop as a savory soup/krispie combination with lots of meat and veggies. Instead, at Miu's you sprinkle this rice dandruff on your soup like some sort of liquid breakfast from another dimension. The meager amount of meat in this dish is mildly amusing until you remember you're out $8 for the privilege.Ma Po Doufu (Ma Po Spicy Tofu) - Not bad tofu, spicy as expected. This was the dish I had least problems with during my experience, but it's pretty hard to screw up tofu mixed in with some spicy sauce. This is almost breakfast cereal levels in terms of  difficulty of "construction" so I'm not sure if I should be thankful I got an okay dish or sorry that I had to pay $8 for it.Xuan Rong Bai Ji (Garlic White Chicken) - We ordered half a chicken which would seem like a lot of food, which came cold-cut with some garlic sprinkled on top. The garlic mixture on the chicken tastes very similar to Chino Bandido's Emerald Chicken (if you're familiar with that). Usually in Asia when you order this you get very few bones and big chunks of all white meat. This was not the case and a majority of pieces could be described as some bones trying not to look naked by covering up with cartilage and some meat. This was the final nail in the coffin as this was certainly less than half a pound and costs a HILARIOUS $15 dollars. By far and away the biggest rip off from a restaurant in recent memory and the fact that this dish alone costs the same amount as eating at Pacific Seafood buffet is quite the accomplishment in an exercise of separation from reality.Overall, I was very disappointed in the meal I got for about $43 after tax, then after tipping, it's basically $50 for 2 people. The portions were small, the food was mediocre, prices were extreme and the service was nothing to write home about. Atmosphere? Pretend you're eating in a white walled living room with some Chinese lanterns/fans hung about with 80s-90s chinese music in the background. Makes me feel like I'm eating at a Grandma's or something.The kicker is the fact that each dish was so small for the price you paid, which makes you feel like a huge sucker. I at least expected the dishes to be big for the price, as in superior places like China King. Speaking of comparisons, I could've gorged myself at Pacific Seafood buffet for $15-16 per person and I would've come out on top over this place. Don't believe the hype and don't pay to try unless this place cleans up their act. You're paying Scottsdale prices in Tempe with portions from a homeless shelter.
4	It has good Szechuan flavor food. Try the "pork lungs in chili sauce" and "boiled pork", These are my favorites. Best is to point the Chinese names"",""
5	Have you ever eaten somewhere and it was just so amazing and unique and awesome that you seriously thought about it, daily, until you could go again?  That was my experience with Miu's.  Literally the first thing that was brought to our table, the Dan Dan Noodle, was one of the BEST things I've ever eaten so it alone made me pretty much a convert. I was never a huge fan of chinese food in general so now I'm 100% positive I'll never have chinese anywhere else again. Because even though I'm not a fan of traditional american chinese food, I am a HUGE FAN of Miu's.The second time I went with my Mom we had the Dan Dan and the Spicy Cucumbers.  FREAKING INCREDIBLE.  I don't know where they get their cucumbers. I don't care if it's a hydroponics lab located in that shady backroom they have, KEEP DOING IT.  The third time I went I had the Dan Dan Noodles, the Spicy Cucumbers, AND the Garlic Cucumbers, because that is how much I liked the Spicy Cucumbers, I wouldn't risk not getting it even if it meant just substituting another cucumber dish. Luckily, the garlic cucumbers were effing incredible as well (probably grown in the same lab). For entrees I've had the Spicy Lamb Ribs, Chicken and Jalapeno (these are both similar in preparation and both amazing but VERY spicy. Like a delightful challenge), and the Kung Pao Chicken. The Kung Pao is probably the only thing I wouldn't get again, just because while I'm sure their food quality and preparation standards are much higher than, say, Little Schezwan down the street, I can still get Kung Pao at Little Schezwan.  I cannot get spicy lamb ribs that make me want to cry from both heat and sheer pleasure at same time.  So I'll stick to the dishes that I don't recognize at Miu's.I will tell you that despite all my ravings about the food, I was A LITTLE hesitant of the 5th star due to the space. Yes I realize this is a chinese hole in the wall,  and trust me I do not normally deduct stars for places due to aesthetics (See: The Great Escape, Haji Baba, Sammy's Roumanian Steakhouse) but there are some easily fixable things that can make the place a little more inviting.  Honestly this isn't an issue for me so much as I know it is for others (I once stayed at a sushi place despite seeing a cockroach because they gave me free sake bombers), but I swear to god if Miu's shuts down because too many people judge a book by its cover I will probably be depressed for like at least a week, so I hope they do make some improvements in that area.  I hate restaurant loss induced depression.
3	I come to places for the 1) Atmosphere and the 2) Attitude.  Let me just get that out there ex ante.  My taste buds are the vaginal equivalent of a wizards sleeve due to years of drinking Fleishman's Vodka straight from the bottle and eating hand fulls of that edible cocaine that remains after crushing a 3lb bag of sour patch kids.I dug the food is what I'm trying to say.  I get it: it's different.  I'm a white dude who eats pizza and tacos 90% of the time, so YES it's different, it's good.  Blah Blah, who am I kidding I'll eat anything you put in front of me, I'm frickin starving.However, I'm not sure the food alone is cause for the circle jerk that is happening on this review page.  Let's dive into the negatives right off the bat, because you can hear about spices and cucumbers from anyone else. LET ME LEVEL WITH YOU PEOPLE.1) I crossed the 101 to get here, barely  yes, but IT HAPPENED.2) What the F is this building? A Warehouse? There's a living room hanging off the restaurant. I see you sir, sitting on your living room couch watching Judge Judy. Hi, it's me Lance, is this Earth? 3) I'm a grown ass man, I need way more than 1 beer.  Have your waitresses come over to me every 10 minutes and give me more beer, everyone wins.4) I'm a baby. I can't sit here with a straight face eating pounds of this spicy meat without you giving me more water.  I NEED Refills.  Also, I'm out of beer.5)  There's no windows in this place, as mentioned above: What is this building?6) Killer Ambiance. Nope.I know, it's a Chinese restaurant, who cares, right? They're all supposed to be quirky and weird and use menu's constantly informing you that you were born in the year of the Ox, quite possibly the most boring animal ever.  And then you realize your birthday is in April too...So Ram + Ox = I'm a frickin Minotaur. Good. Glad everyone agrees.Miu's is a decent place to go for solid Chinese food. Get it to go.
3	After reading a great review in the New Times, I decided to take my parents (visiting from Chicago) to this restaurant. Living in the Second City, they know good Chinese food. We frequent the dive restaurants along Wentworth Ave whenever I fly into town. I set my expectations high based on the top rating on Yelp, big mistake!The restaurant is hard to find! Bonus points there, most dives are! Atmosphere: 5 stars in a good way, yep  nearly bare walls, and a cavernous dining area. On the night we visited, there were only 2 other diners present so we had the place pretty much to ourselves. Its BYOB, 200 bonus points there. Brought our own boxed wine, yep, we don't care about all that "fine"bottled wine, but please, bring us CLEAN glasses not ones with lipstick from previous diners! The 1st course was hot and sour soup, it was neither. Bland bland bland! At least had a nice chunky texture to it.I had the twice fried pork, not bad, but not the 3 star spiciness that is advertised. Dad had the pork intestines with veggies, rated 5 star heat. Great taste in the dish...5 star heat? I think I've had more heat in an "Angry Whopper" at Burger King. When its advertised 5 star heat, I want to breath fire!!!!!!!The 3 star Kung pao chicken was the winning dish. Hot Spicy Chunky flavorful!The spicy bean curd was average, not hot, not dull either. Just ok.We did have some communication issues with the server. She wasn't that fluent in English....not a bad thing, but when we wanted to talk heat, she didn't exactly understand.I would like to give this place another try, and hopefully a better rating, but compared to all the delicious restaurants in the China Towns in NYC CHGO and SF, it dosen't stack up.
5	this... THIS is what this valley has been waiting for! AUTHENTIC CHINESE FOOD!!!!Do NOT come here if you're looking for hokey and badly flavored "beef and broccoli"  BS. Go to Crazy Buffet for that crap. You go to Miu's if you want bold in your face flavors with authentic spices and organic vegetables. You go to Miu's if you want a religious experience in your mouth.Who the hell cares if it's in an old warehouse?! This young entrepreneur (who my husband and I had the blessing of being able to speak with as we dined all alone before the dinner rush) is a force of nature who knows good food and great service. I highly recommend the War Wanton soup... And everything else on the menu. Thank Lord Jackie Chan for Miu's!
5	GO NOW. This is the first place in quite a long time to blow my socks off. Every dish we tried was a flavor explosion to the extreme. The second you try a dish here you can tell they aren't taking any shortcuts in the kitchen. They ooze authenticity and quality that is lacking at so many other local Chinese joints. I've been daydreaming about this food daily since first checking it out, no joke at all. There is magic brewing in this non-descript building on Apache. The bar has been raised people. Try this place, and you will be hooked. Tempe folks...if you let this place fail, I may never forgive you. 5/5
3	The ambiance is a bit strange at first glance. This area (including surrounding buildings) seems like it could have previously been a deserted industrial or body shop district a few decades back, but residential/commercial development has moved in recently. Therefore, the restaurant is like an empty brick warehouse without a proper entrance or any windows. However, they have a powerful AC and the loading dock-style doors let some light in. The ambiance inside was very quiet, which was nice. It was pretty empty when we visited. Our server seemed a little underwhelmed and was very prompt with service. The food was very good and matches some of the better traditional Chinese I've had in the area. The water boiled fish is spicy and packs a powerful numbing punch. The Szechuan green beans had an excellent wok-fired flavor. The portions are quite large. One dish and a side is plenty to share between two people with leftovers. Families or small groups could easily order a few dishes and share them, as is customary for Chinese food. The prices were in balance for what we received and I would visit again based on this experience.
5	Love it. Love it. Love it. We've already been back three times since we found it. Others have mentioned the area--not the best part of Tempe, but not exactly Mogadishu either. The building--and I wish I could remember what used to be there--looks like maybe a former Eagles Club or VFW lodge. The inside is not pretty at all, with areas of it looking like my messy house. Floors are dirty here and there. Stuff like that. Service has been good for us each time we have been, so no complaints there. But who cares about all of that when the food is so good! Finally, Sichuan food that is spicy and flavorful and just superb. Their spicy chicken with pickled chilies might be my favorite Chinese dish of all time--including stuff I've had in China. My wife gets a tofu dish--and forgive me, but the name of it escapes me (I owe you an update)--that she says is the ONLY version she has had outside of Asia that tasted right. It ended a year's long search for her. Even the old standbys like Kung Bao Chicken take on a brand new life. The only dish out of everything that is not superb would be the Dan Dan Noodles--they were merely good. Another Yelper said something about the quality of the decor and building being negatively proportional to the quality of the food, and I have found this is often correct. This is a good example. Place looks bad. Food tastes wonderful!
5	We again dined at Miu's on Sunday (Fathers' day), something we do about every other week since they opened. In a word fabulous!  They have smoothed some of the rough edges, took out the bar and expanded the kitchen, added some ceiling fans with lights that aren't as glaring as the fluorescents were. There were three waitresses on during our visit. Speedy and efficient.On this visit we tried some new dishes as we do on each trip. But we still order old standby, Hot and Sour Soup and Yu Xiang Eggplant. Both Excellent as usual.New dishes we enjoyed:Bean Threads in Spicy & Sour Sauce. Quite good, with a little unusual flavor that took a little getting used to.Fish Fillet w/Pickled Chili. Not too unlike Water Boiled Fish, tender , flavorful and hot.Ma Po Tofu. It was prepared as close to the "original" as we have ever had. The Szechwan pepper corns numbed the tong and made the water taste like it was effervescent. As always it was a very enjoyable experience and the Szechwan Chef was friendly as he now recognized us from our frequent visits.
4	The other positive reviews are right on. Very tasty, not generic Americanized dishes, serious portions. I ordered take out and dined on it for a day and a half.I had the scallion pancakes, delicately flavored; the xu xiang eggplant which had good texture and a mild plum(?) flavoring; green beans crisp and flavorful. The order came with a take-out container of sticky rice in sufficient portion to match the eggplant easily. Service was prompt and positive. I will definitely be back.
4	Decided to have Chinese for the first time in a few years, and I wasn't looking for a big chain or delivery.  I found this place on here and was glad I did.Appearance:  It is on Apache east of the 101... enough said.  May have a Tempe address but that place is in Mesa if you ask me.Menu: massive menu, a bit overwhelming.  Did have the server help with some suggestions to help us decide.  Cutting that in half would still yield a ton of tasty options.Food:  We ordered potstickers, hot and sour soup, and shrimp w/ oyster mushrooms.  The potstickers were great, love the fresh green onion in them.  The mushroom and shrimp was very nice.  Very light but fresh and flavorful.  Hope you like ginger! (we do).  The star for me is the hot and sour soup.  I always loved it back in NJ but out here it has always been very different.  Many places sub in regular mushrooms rather than use the fungus, and many add pork.  NOT HERE.  The soup was like I remember back east.  A slight gelatinous mouth feel, bamboo shoots, small strips of tofu, and that delicious fungi.  They knocked it out of the park.  It was the girlfriend and I and the small would have fed us both.  When it comes to ethnic food I allow a lot of leeway when it comes to the decor.  If you don't, steer clear.  But if you are just looking for Chinese food that isn't a chain, or isn't your typical delivery joint this will be a great option for you.  Suggestion:  Look through all the incredible pictures people put up.  I already have my next meal planned! (pork belly, water boiled fish, spicy cucumber)We even had a bit of entertainment as we left, I think it was the first time one of the guys there was riding a bicycle and he semi-crashed/drove into the restaurant.  He could have wheelied by me and I wouldn't have cared, I was too busy working on that soup.
2	To all who love this restaurant, I offer an apology. It's been several hours now, and my ability to taste is just returning. We have been waiting four months to try this new Szechuan place, and now... well. The reviews were universally good, one might even say great. So we were excited that we found ourselves in Chandler and only a few miles away. We weren't starving, so we decided to order light. I spied the Spicy Wontons on the menu and thought they would go nice with the Hot & Sour soup. While my friend ordered the Beef Stew and Pot Stickers. First, bare in mind that Miu's idea of a small order of soup, is one that comes in a huge, one quart bowl! No way anyone was going to finish that.I asked for some hot oil from our server and took some pictures. The soup was very good, though not very spicy. So I added a teaspoon dollop of the oil to my bowl. Nice!As for the Pot Stickers, they were deep fried, not pan fried and somewhat bland. Next up was my Spicy Wontons. They looked very much like some wontons in hot oil. I tried a few and found the dish had an odd taste that I couldn't place. Saffron?  By my third wonton, I couldn't feel the inside of my mouth and everything just tasted like sand. The dish itself wasn't spicy, maybe a 6 on a 10 scale. But I haven't been able to taste anything for the last five hours. It was like a trip to the dentists office, everything was numb. I hope someone else might be able to identify the mystery spice or ingredient.We may be back at some point, but it will be a long while before we do. Sorry!
5	Legitimate Szechuan and Cantonese recipes executed with excellence in generous portions, all at a fair price.I have been here twice since my check-in and I will say this place epitomizes the old saying: Don't Judge a book by it's cover. The location, exterior and even interior to some extent are less then impressive, though the quality of food that comes out of the kitchen is exquisite. This place has been burned into my mind as a personal favorite.Things I have tried so far (as close as I can remember):1. 'War Wonton' soup2. Beef tripe/Pork noodle soup3. Mushroom and bacon plateAll incredible.
5	Found this via Phoenix Food nerds (thanks!) and we are in love. Driving 70 minutes from south of Casa Grande proves the point. Bay Area refugees looking for the real deal need look no further than Miu's!  It has the ambience (or lack thereof) that generally means delicious home style food. In this area Miu's does not disappoint; Formica tables and cafeteria chairs lead way to a tempting tome of a menu filled with many delights.  We fell in love with the salt & pepper shrimp, spicy wings (reminiscent of Simon's @ Palo Alto's Hunan Garden) and the spicy green beans. Putting on sandals and heading there now!!!
5	Go to Miu's. I fantasize about it. You won't regret it.Growing up, holidays and birthdays were always celebrated at Chinese restaurants around the Phoenix area -- it was the only food my (Chinese) grandmother would eat. After moving away from Phoenix to a place without good Chinese food, I started craving it again. After reading the review for Miu's in the New Times online, I went to check it out.This is a place where I want to eat through the entire menu, but I'm having trouble because the dishes I've already gotten are SO GOOD. I'm pretty sure I've never had real kung pao chicken until I had it here. The flavor is so complex and it has a lot of depth to it. We also ordered an eggplant dish recommended by our waitress. This restaurant hits all the marks: AMAZING food, FAST service (our dishes probably came out in about 5-10 minutes), and very reasonable prices. It's a total win. I visit Phoenix often and Miu's is one of the first things to cross my mind when I do. It's my go-to Chinese spot, hands down.
3	The food is pretty good. Pretty authentic. Sichuan cuisine (this is the right Chinese way to spell Szechuan) is known for their spiciness, the numbing spiciness. This is the only Chinese restaurant I have been to in Phoenix that offers the real numbing spiciness. Love it! The only thing is that their prices are a bit too pricy, for where they are, how "decorated" they are and their level of service.
3	Good, authentic cuisine.I would go back.
2	I have been to Miu's twice now, once with a group of friends and once with my husband.  The best thing about both experiences was walking in seeing all Chinese customers.  That is always a good sign.The first time, they did not have a Canto chef yet, so we ordered all Szechuan and we were super impressed.  We love our food spicy, and they are certainly not afraid to spice their food!  The bean thread noodles in spicy/sour sauce is my favorite.  We left wanting to go back once they had a Cantonese chef on staff.Fast forward to Labor Day weekend - we decided to go back and try their Cantonese dishes.  While their bean thread noodles were still awesome, I was extremely disappointed in their Cantonese dishes.  We may have just hit it on an off weekend, but to me, it seemed as though the Szechuan chef was just learning how to cook Canto style.  We ordered the Crispy Pan Fried noodles, Wor Wonton Soup, and although it's szechuan, the Mapo Tofu.Let me preface this by saying, I am Chinese, from a Chinese family, raised in the East Coast, many family style dinners in NYC with lazy susans, bad service, and sketchy locations.  I was also brought up cooking Cantonese.  So am I harsh on my ratings?  Probably.  But, some things I feel are just unacceptable.I couldn't call the Wor Wonton Soup wonton soup because there was probably only one whole wonton in the entire bowl.  Granted, a small soup was enough to feed three-four, it was mainly all broth with a bit of napa cabbage.  I make wonton soup a lot, and to me it seemed like they boiled the wontons way in advance or let them sit in the broth, thus they all fell apart.  The meat had all fallen out of their wonton wrappers and everything was just floating around.  There was nothing cohesive about this soup.  That's kind of a big deal.  Or possibly they did not take the time to actually fold and seal them correctly.  But the broth seemed cloudy and starchy which leads me to believe the wontons had been sitting in the broth for a long period of time.  Also - it was not worth the cost to order "Wor" wonton style because other than the above mentioned ingredients, there was maybe one slim piece of char-siu and chicken.  What makes Wor wonton special is the additional ingredients.Onto the Pan Fried Noodles (hong kong style).  This dish was confusing to me.  Were the noodles yellow? Yes.  Were they crispy?  Yes.  But that's about it.  The "gravy" did not taste like pan fried noodle gravy.  And, the dish was 90 percent peppers and onions, with a couple slices of Char Siu.  $11.95.  Not worth it.  PLUS, I have never had red and yellow peppers/onions on top of pan fried noodles.  Ever.  Again, another reason I think they were passing their Szechuan chef off as a Cantonese one.  Not worth the price.  I have no problem ordering this dish at even $14.95 if the gravy is good and the toppings are fresh and plentiful.  $11.95 for peppers and onions on top of noodles is not worth it in my opinion.Last, but not least, Mapo Tofu.  It was decent, but again, not a flavor profile I had ever experienced for this dish.  The first time we had eaten at Miu's, we had ordered the water boiled beef.  The Mapo Tofu had the same exact flavor as the water boiled beef sauce.  A very strong, almost over bearing flavor of anise and lemongrass.   Also missing was the ground pork, which is standard for Mapo.  It gives the dish flavor which it so badly needed.  $8.50 for a meager dish.Overall, we left feeling incredibly cheated and deceived.  Besides the high price point for substandard food and quality, the deception of trying to pass a chef off as Cantonese left a bad taste in our mouths.  It almost felt like they had run out of everything and were trying to skimp to make what they did have last.  We would've been happier if they had said "don't order from the Cantonese menu" so we would know that we shouldn't.The reason for the two stars is A) I can't fault the service. The girls that helped us were extremely nice and accommodating.  Sure, you have to ask for everything, but, they at least brought you what you needed with a smile (not like in Chinatown where they throw your plates and utensils at you;) And B) their bean thread noodles are still something I would go back and order again.  $3.95 I believe (maybe $2.95) for a large bowl of glass noodles and spicy/sour sauce is still worth it in my book.
4	From the outside this looks like a warehouse and it was kind of confusing to get into the parking lot. That said, the food was very good, reasonably priced, and generously portioned.For apps we tried the pot stickers, which were variably filled - some had more veggies, some less filling overall, etc. They were so-so. We also had the scallion cakes which were very chewy but somehow addictive. The moo shu pork was cheap for moo shu pork and fairly standard. Not the thinnest pancakes but also not tortilla consistency as some places make them.The triple delight (vegetarian - eggplant, potato, peppers), came with a brown sauce and was delicious. Overall most of the dishes were on the salty side.The staff was very attentive and knowledgeable. Will definitely go back.
3	The interior makes me feel like I am eating in a factory. Food was extremely oily. I was my 1st time there and I am not sure if I want to go back again.
4	The place is scary, if you're worried about not having windows that is.  Inside, you'll find large family style tables and fluorescent lighting.  You will find surly waitresses who look at you like they really hate you as you order.  But you did not come for the service.  You came for the dirt cheap Tsing Tao Beer (thank goodness they have it to help quell the heat).  Half of the dishes on the menu won't be available.  If you're in luck they'll have super spicy wontons, chive pancakes, garlic marinated cucumber to start.  For main dishes you can't go wrong with their cumin lamb.  If you can bring someone who speaks Chinese.  It's a Northern Chinese restaurant, so the few Cantonese dishes (like walnut shrimp) are a disappointment.  But a table of us ate like royalty for very little coin.  Brave the scary parking and lack of ambiance.  Eat lamb, breath fire and drink beer.
3	This is my fourth review of Miu's Cuisine. We have liked it so much we return often. However some things are changing for the worst. It's starting to look a little long in the mouth. The floor really needs a scrubbing. There was an absolutely filthy table cloth on the table just inside the entrance; still there when we left. The long fluorescent lights in the ceiling add nothing to the decor and should be removed. Lastly the two tables holding the rice pot, food boxes and bags should be moved into the space behind the wall in the vacant room where the john's are. They are a distraction to the already bleak decor. To the meal; here again things are changing for the worst. We ordered our usual:Hot and sour soup: Was way off flavor not even tasting like it and not very sour, way too much drizzled egg and had been reduced in size by 1/3.Kung Pow Chicken: Again off flavor, and way too many peanuts - Just OKYu Xiang Eggplant: Way over cooked. The eggplant was so mushey you could not pick it up with chop stixs without it disintegrating; very disappointing. Told the waitress about it, but nothing was done! Not even an offer to remake the dish or a dollar off the bill.Water Boiled Fish: Superb! the one saving grace of the meal.The white rice was just tepid, almost cold.Gone are the cloth napkins, replaced with small paper ones. A shame because they added a little class.In all a disappointing visit today. It will be a while before we return.
4	I don't even eat pork, but thinking about the mu shu pork makes my mouth water. The beef fried rice is really good, and heats up well. This is important because the portions are SO BIG, and you'll definitely have leftovers. Oddly, the first time I went they were out of chicken... But I forgive them. This is also the only place I've found in the valley that has scallion pancakes. And they are delicious.
4	This place looks a bit shady from the outside, and maybe even from the inside. But the service is friendly, the food is good, and the price is reasonable. I ate the water-boiled fish which had awesome flavor but was not spicy enough. Chinese broccoli with oyster sauce was as expected.  Portions were large and I have a big box chillin' in the fridge for lunch tomorrow.
4	Nutshell - great food, sketchy joint. Details:First of all - when I drove up to this place I almost turned around without looking back. It's in a decrepit part of town and the front is windowless and looks like an old hardware store. The only thing that convinced me to keep going was the cute, friendly panda on their sign (when has a panda ever been the cause of a person's demise?) and once I parked there was another sign that indicated I was not the first to hesitate when approaching the building. When I walked in, I think I entered through the kitchen door because I literally walked through what looked like a kitchen. That opened up into what looked like a living room (or a karaoke room?) I kept going until I got to the dining room. I was seated at a table and waited for my friend. He entered through a different door and apparently that one came right into the actual restaurant dining area. (Note to self for next time - choose the door on the left).Food was awesome. Green beans and eggplant with beef were my favorite. Everything was very authentic and it drew a mixed crowd which was great to see in Mesa. I loved the food so much I wanted to bring my mom here for Mother's Day dinner but decided on something a little more picturesque in the end. I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu. They have all different styles of Chinese food and they designate them by region.
5	AMAZING FOOD! Was a bit hesitant due to the curb appeal, but it was completely worth it. We had the chicken lo mein as well as the mu shu pork, and the portions were huge. The service was excellent and fast. It is definitely worth the trip!
5	If you think you've arrived at a warehouse and might get mugged in the parking lot, you know you're about to have an amazing meal.The food is authentic, the flavors are delicious... Everything I've tried is fresh and tasty.Eggplant, gai lan, fried fish, fish soup, green beans, scallion pancakes, vegetable lo mean, mapo tofu... All delicious. And they deliver!
4	The food here is quite good. The wait staff don't communicate well. The ambiance needs work; feels like a warehouse. The hot seasoning is very hot, but the Cantonese is very mild. Try the braised eggplant and cucumbers in garlic.
4	I have been searching for authentic Chinese cuisine in the valley for years. The minute my tongue went numb from the Ma Po Tofu I knew I'd found it. The Kung Pao chicken was not polluted with the usual offenders such as celery and canned chestnuts, it was hearty and laden with peanuts.The service was friendly and timely. This restaurant isn't about design and decor, but it displayed just what I wanted to see: a bunch of Chinese people, which confirmed that it must be decent.A great culinary adventure. I will go again.
1	Honestly many other Chinese restaurants have much better food than this. Same dish better taste. And what makes it the worst Chinese restaurant is their super bad service. Always make customers wait EXTRA longer time, eat there or to go or delivery! A delivery takes 90+ minutes, and even asks customers to go find their car to get food, and they just sit there in the car without even getting out. What kind of DELIVERY is that???? Because my car broke down I thought okay I'll give them another try, but exactly the same thing happens again. After 3+ times I'm done. DO NOT order from them. And as a Chinese, I can assure you that other places have much better food.
2	First the good - My wife had the Moo Shoo Chicken which was very good and the portion was quite large. The rice was good.I had the Spicy Chicken Dice - It was garbage. Inedible garbage. It was tiny pieces of dry popcorn chicken tossed in a huge plate of dried red chili peppers and it tasted like a large amount of white pepper thrown in for good measure - Completely dry, hot, and unpleasant. I usually like very hot food but this was just dry and awful. When the waitress asked how everything was, I told her I did not like the Spicy Chicken Dice. She made some sort of comment like "it's a Chinese recipe".I'll make you a deal, Miu's - Have your "chef" prepare the same meal the same way you did for me. Have either the chef or waitress eat half of it with me watching. If they do, I will remove my negative comments.
1	This is the worst restaurants ever, I ordered delivery 2 hours ago and it is still not here. I have been to the restaurant couple time and it is so ghetto as hell. I will never and won't recommend to go there anymore.I am a Chinese, I would not recommend going there for sure.
1	It took forever to get the good delivered! I only ordered 3 dishes but it literally took 2 and half hours.  Me and my roommates were starving to death at home! Here is my advise : do not ever order food from this restaurant! Otherwise  you will feel the pain of waiting your dinner to death.. Also their dishes are cold and nasty!!Good luck running the restaurant, and not sure how long this restaurant could last.
5	Went last night with 17 other people. The food was true Chinese food like I get in China. The atmosphere while a bit lacking is truly just like eating in a local restaurant in any Chinese city. I took along my business partner who is Chinese from Beijing and her son and when we left we agreed it was the best truly authentic Chinese food we have had in Phoenix metro area. We had lots of dishes and every one was great. The Ma Pu Dufo is truly spot on like we get in Beijing. I truly recommend this place to people looking for real authentic Chinese food. Prices too were not bad at all.
5	I've had 3 dishes in the two trips, so far, but each of them rank very highly on my lists.  The Dan Dan noodles have a very well rounded flavor, they are more than just hot with spice. The Salt & Pepper Pork Chops are nearly perfect...fried to airy perfection lightly sweet then covered with Salt and Pepper (Fried Peppers) which make for a great combination..and yes, you WILL catch me chewing on the bones! The Kung Po Chicken is probably the best version of this dish I've ever had.  Simply more complex and fresher than any one I've ever had.Once you get past the location, building, and dining room and you'll have some of the best Chinese food in the valley....or order take-out.
1	Disgusting. I'd tried several times to find this place, and now I'm sorry I did.  Dirty.  Didn't smell right.  No lunch specials.  After the hostess suggested Kung Pao Chicken, I asked if if was made with white meat.  She said yes. White rice only. No such thing as a cup of soup. I ordered Won Ton in spicy sauce.  Didn't have them.  OK, then, the spicy cucumbers.  Didn't have them. I'll just have the chicken.  Twenty minutes later (I was the only one in the restaurant), it is served.  NOT white meat.  Three bites, all so chewy that i spat them out.  And not even close to hot enough. I've had food poisoning before, so I ask for my check so I can leave.  She was willing to let me pay for that disgusting, inedible dish! This is another case where I suspect that they're planting good reviews.  If you're driving East on Apache Boulevard looking for good Chinese Food, pass right by Miu's, keep going until you pass Dobson, and look for Asian Cafe Express next to Subway on the southeast corner. THAT is a place that deserves its rating!
3	I was wondering on why their phone keep getting a busy signal since past Saturday. ... Their main line was put on hold and the other line for internet.... I had to explain several times to two brothers! I thought they were closed down. The line is working! Fyi
2	Came after reading great reviews and incredible looking pictures of their meals. Very strange atmosphere, seems incomplete.Water definitely tastes strange.Service was quick, no complaints there, prices were reasonable.No pork, no duck, no wonton soup.  Out of all of them which is strange. No beer "might have some next week". I got the mu-shu chicken and seafood rice cake, dan dan noodles and Kung Pow Chicken.Dan Dan noodles were okay, large portion, definitely something to share. Seafood was good, not great.. Looked incredibly but not much flavor and the shrimp were very overcooked and tough.Mu-shu chicken was actually very good, despite looking bland. Kung Pow chicken remained relatively untouched after the first taste, had some very unusual flavors that shouldn't have been there.Also note, a lot of flies in this music-less restaurant and a lonely old plastic Christmas tree sat in the middle of what is a small warehouse space.Wouldn't recommend this place to a friend looking for Chinese food... Or an accurate menu.
4	This place is a well hidden gem.  Ghoulishly scary looking upon approach, do not be deterred by the unlit parking lot and warehouse-looking setting.  We visited late (9 pm) on a Tuesday night, and had a great meal; Hot and Sour soup, BBQ pork fried rice, shrimp with snow peas, and Stewed Pork Rib.  ALL worth trying again, although their menu is so unique and varied, we'll want to make different choices on future visits to see what else they have to offer. There's a wide variety of over 100 entree, soup, and appetizer choices from Cantonese & Szechwan cuisines - stuff I don't see on other Chinese restaurant menus anywhere in The Valley.  Service was good, although the place was nearly empty, so I don't know what it's like if they're busy. Other reviewers' remarks about the lack of atmosphere are accurate, but that does not seem to affect the quality or flavor of the food. Yes, their Christmas tree is still up (it's May), the decor is sparse, the parking lot is dark, but the place seems reasonably clean (including the bathroom), the food is good, prices are reasonable, and they're nice people. They could stand to tidy the place up a bit, but go there for an authentic Chinese meal, not for the ambiance!
2	This restaurant is in every PHX Best Chinese food review out there...im embarrassed it has taken me so long to go. Although the food was decent, I couldnt have been more surprised at how awful the place was. -Disgustingly dirty. -Boxes everywhere. -trash all over the shady parking lot (get a dumpster)-Nasty empty fish tank water. -Gross water glasses. -Servers constantly touching their faces and hair. -Looks like someone threw up on the white walls. -They definitely dont mop the edges of the floor.There is no way this place passes health inspection!!  I wouldnt take my worst enemy there because that would mean id have to go back.
4	"Where am i? Are we safe?"Those were my first words after parking in the warehouse district looking parking lot.. they were re-uttered when i walked into the large double doors into what i thought was a garage.. but all was placed at ease when i saw the twinkling Christmas tree surrounded by flat panel televisions in the middle of the dining area.  I ordered the pickled pork belly appetizer, oh man, i think i will come here just for this, it is sooo good, spicy but not sooo spicy, and the texture and flavor are nothing you (non Chinese person reading this) has ever had. My friend ordered the fried rice, which was pretty darn good! (i don't eat rice really)For our main dish i got the Spicy Lamb Dry Hotpot, and oh em gee was it spicy, it was delicious, if you do order it, order so gai lan (chinese broccoli) or something to go with it, you will need it. The only thing that upset me, is that due to customers not knowing what LOTUS ROOT is, they stopped using it in their hotpot and use bean sprouts which i am not a fan.
2	I really wanted to to try this place after it was recommended by some friends. We came here last week only to find out that it was closed.  Apparently they are changing locations and judging by most of the comments, I'd say it is a smart move.I look forward to trying it at their next location.
1	This place is CLOSED as it should be. Straight downhill. If this is your place, what the hell happened?
4	Why did you leave me? I feel adrift in a world without good Szechuan. Everywhere I go puts a stupid amount of cornstarch in their sauces. Come back please.
