4	I used to live in Charlotte near this location.  I woul dgo there about 3 times a month - sometimes more, sometimes less.  THey never delivered a bad meal, the service was always pretty good.  It isn't too pricey but it isn't inexpensive.  I love the Pasta Bravo and their chicken and spinach flatbread is awesome. If you are going to the Northlake Mall - plan on eating here!
4	No wait for a seat, sat right down.  We eat fried ravioli for app.  Very good.  I usually try to have some kind of pasta with shrimp, very very good.  My wife had the whole grain pasta.  She said you order for me, I made the right choice, she was very satisfied.  We valleted the car.  It was very comfortable.  The atmosphere very pleasant.  We had Paris for a server.  She took very good care of us.  I suggest, if you have not been there, give it a try.
4	We chose Bravo to celebrate my son's birthday, and I must say they are consistently great!  The seafood ravioli, chicken parm, and kids pizza were all very good.  It was a week night so no crowds, just in and out.
3	The atmosphere is nice, but the food(at least what I ate) lacked flavor. I had the calamari, that came with a sweet tartar sauce and a watered down marinara. For the main course I had the rigatoni melanzana. It was supposed to have eggplant, I think I found 5 pieces of eggplant in my bowl. Overall nice restaurant but I've had better.
4	I thought this place was pretty stellar. It is located right outside the Northlake Mall. It was raining and cold and we were doing a little shopping New Years Day. We decided to grab a bite to eat because I was craving spaghetti and they have complementary valet parking. Sweet! I love the decor. It has a warmer feel in my opinion then an Olive Garden. They were busy but we sat right away. Our waiter was great. Very attentive. I hoping for a thick marinara sauce on my sketti but it had a light yet chunky sauce. It had a lot of flavor. I'm not complaining. It was Delicious. I was just hoping for a "traditional" like mama made kind of sauce. But like I said it was still fantastic. One of the things I really liked was the thinner pasta almost angel hair but not quite. I am a real fan of this place. The prices aren't bad either. Absolutely check it out if you are in the vicinity.
4	The food is tremendous.  You should definitely make reservations as they get a lot of walk-ins from the mall.  The menu is really extensive - and the wait staff is great at telling you about off-menu options - so you are not restricted.  The dessert tray is amazing and I would highly recommend saving room. Definitely take a moment and stop in - worth the try.
1	We ate there right before Christmas with friends that recommended the place. Our food was mediocre, not the way we wanted it, and the service was terrible. I chose not to make a big fuss (my dinner was the one most screwed up) to make for a nice evening. The restaurant NEVER responded to a survey I filled out - so they must not give a darn. I would go to almost ANY OTHER Italian restaurant (Macaroni Grill, Olive Garden, Carrabba's) than return here. The prices do not fit the level of food quality and service!PS - It's been over a month since our visit and no feedback from the restaurant!
4	Great food and a great atmosphere...in the world of casual italian olive garden has a serious competitor
4	Bravo, like Olive Garden, have been consistently good over the years. Prices are reasonable and service has always been acceptable. The veal marsala is great. Probably one of the best creme brule I've eaten.
4	I was a little skeptical of this place because it is at the mall and a chain restaurant... But I was pleasantly surprised! The food is really good! I went once for brunch - they have a lot of options and interesting menu items. I also went once for dinner - the Balsamic Chicken is great! Our server was polite and accommodating. I had an on-phone coupon (which typically they do not accept), but she went out of her way to talk with the manager to get approval for the coupon. If you're in the area, definitely go here instead of Olive Garden or PF Changs. You'll be glad you did! :)
5	We visited for our first time tonight. I was very happy withe the service; we were greeted and sat almost immediately, had our drinks and appetizers within a few minutes,  and didn't have extra plates or empty drinks all night. I spilled my martini and it was replaced promptly at no charge. The entrees were tasty and large, and the menu looked more like a Carrabas than an Olive Garden (that's a compliment! ).  It's exactly what I would like for the price, and the service really was very good (thanks Michele!)
4	It was a Monday night and we went in to another restaurant who said the wait would be 45 minutes so we checked out Bravo since we didn't want to wait. I have always had a good experience at Bravo so it was fine that it was our second choice. I had the grilled salmon salad and it was delicious! The service was very attentive.
5	One of my favorite places.  Great bar specials on appetizers. Try the meatball sliders with fries their fries are to die for!  Great pasta all the way around. Unlimited tasty bread for sopping up the great soups.
4	This is a good solid Italian restaurant on the North side of town. Everything is solid I have yet to get a bad meal here. They even have a few really great menu items that I crave. For apps I love the fried ravioli with an amazing dipping sauce. For the Salad they make a romain salad with tomatoes, pancetta and creamy garlic  dressing. My wife will crave that salad  and we pull in just for that.I love the bolognese sauce with spaghetti noodles. Classic and simple but the flavor is robust. This is my wifes favorite restaurant in the Northlake area and hungry or we always take home the tiramasu.  It may be the main reason I never get to go to P.F. Changs when I am with my wife.
4	Everything I ate was great! The bread, the mezzo flatbread and the eggplant lasagna was delicious. And the service was great as well. I highly recommend to anyone that loves Italian food.
4	Great place to go for lunch or dinner on any day of the week.  Had a chance to go here for lunch today and had a wonderful experience.__________________________________________________________Highlights:*CLEAN - the restaurant looked immaculate.  Even though we were one of the day's first patrons, the place was clean, and I'll take that whenever I can get it* GREAT SERVICE - Waitress was friendly and polite.  Even though our waitress was training another waitress, it didn't interfere with the service or our overall dining experience.*PERFECT TIMING - any great dining experience has great service and great PACE with that service; quick, but not rushed.  We were able to get in and out within 45min, which was just what my gf and I were looking for.*PRICE - For such a nice, upscale feeling place, the prices are very reasonable.  We were able to get in and out for UNDER $30, and that included a Mimosa.  PARKING -  COMPLIMENTARY VALETFOOD - Both of our dishes (see pics) were very tasty and filling.  Everything tasted freshly made, and was made to our mutual liking.Low-lights:*Nothing comes to mind.I am a fan of this place, and would jump at the chance to dine here again.
5	Great Italian beers great food. I love the oil dip they give you with your bread it is amazing. The staff is always nice and i always fill up real nice here. Great place to have the family all catch up at and relax and i really like the fact you can see the cooks making your food.
4	Food is 4/5. Service is 5/5. Nice quiet professional casual atmosphere.
4	I love this place. I have only been a few times but each time the food was awesome! Also they have bar bites which you can get certain appetizers for $2.95 between certain times. A very good deal!
3	My husband and I met a couple friends for dinner and they suggested Bravo. It is a chain (more of an east coast eatery) located at the North Lake Mall. They claim to be an affordable upscale dining experience...and I agree. Dishes will run $10-$25 and side salads around $5.  We were promptly greeted and seated. The hostess was very friendly and we found our server courteous as well. The dishes were of generous proportion and had good flavor. The night we went they were out of port and sherry (a wedding party the day before drank it all). However, the manager came to our table and was nice to suggest alternatives. If I were to describe how this Italian restaurant fairs compared to others, I would say Olive Garden is on one end and Maggiano's on the other and this one in between the two. They can accommodate large parties as well (I saw them easily transform a couple tables to make for a large party).They offer $5 Valet or you can park in the mall parking lot, but you may have to walk a short distance. I don't make it to this area often, but I am happy to know I can get a good meal here the next time I visit.
1	Very poor service, unable to get the interest of staff to order dinner or get drinks.Several of us left after waiting over 25min at our table.to order and went across the street for dinner because we couldn't get anyone to take our order or to get a drink. It was not crowded at all
1	I  visited Bravo! for lunch and was satisfied with the experience, so I recommended it for team dinner with co-workers and management last night. It was a huge mistake. I've never seen Italian tomato cream soup made so heavy, filled with cheese and topped with croutons, but no basil. Speciality of the day was tilapia with crab, which was for sure not freshly prepared, overcooked and not fresh itself, served with slightly burned, dry potatoes. It actually caused half of the team to get sick! On dessert I got some berry pastry with ice-cream, that turned out to be microwaved muffin with defrosted strawberries. It might be still my sick, European stomach speaking - but it was disastrous. Even beer didn't help.
4	Great place for enjoying a glass of wine with friends after work and a light snack, or a great place for a cosy meal.Really enjoy the bar bites and enjoying a quiet drink with a friend - recommended if you are on the north side of Charlottte.
2	Four of us went here on Friday night around 6:00pm. We told the host that we wanted to have a drink at the bar and then have dinner. He bluntly stated that we better keep an eye on the door because he wouldn't save a table for us. We didn't think it would be a problem, so we sat at the bar and ordered drinks. I enjoyed the Pomagranitini and the others had martinis. As we finished our drinks, I went up to the host and asked for a table. He asked for my name, smugly handed me a "buzzer" and said that it would be 25-30 minutes. I noticed that my name was the only one on the list, I looked around and no one was waiting. It looked like there were some tables available so I was very puzzled. I went back to my friends and we agreed that we would rather spend our money next door at Firebirds where we have always been treated well. When my friend told the host, he just shrugged and said okay. I was very disappointed at the poor customer service we experienced. When I go to a restaurant, I want to feel like they want my business.
4	I knew when we walked in and everyone was smiling it was going to be a good night!We got there around 8:30 and were seated immediately, ordered a couple of waters and some wine and then got down to business...For starters we ordered the Crispy Shrimp Napoli...I tried to get a picture but we practically devoured them! The main reason was the super Napoli sauce...it was a mix of sweet and spicy and paired very nice with the crispy shrimp...just so you can get an idea how good that sauce was we requested another basket of bread to make sure we could send a clean plate back to the kitchen, lolFor my meal I had the Lobster Ravioli Alla Vodka...where do I begin....the  ravioli was cooked perfectly and each was filled with a very yummy lobster and cheese mix and again that sauce! The tomato cream sauce had cherry tomatoes and shrimp...how can you go wrong with a combination like that?!?!? Can you say amazing!!!My friend has the Chicken Marsala, it came with green beans and mashed potatoes...again very delicious my only complaint was the mashed potatoes for me they were just to plain very underwhelming...but still this plate gets a thumbs up from me!Tiramisu for dessert and another clean plate back to the kitchen and Bravo's is on my list of favorite places...will be back very soon!
3	I attended a bridal shower at this location.  The inside is beautiful and the designs are great.  I loved the color contrast with the sculptures.  The food was okay for my tastes.  Based on what we had I was not impressed to the point I would return.  Like a previous post I would go to Firebirds first.
2	I hated my pizza. Would not go back
4	This location is very close to my office and we seem to go there a lot for business dinners. To that point, we had a group dinner here recently. 25 people in a private room off the main dining room. The plan was to order straight off the standard menu. I saw a disaster coming.  Lousy food, Lousy service, and a loooong night. None of that happened. Instead everything was terrific. Everything.   A great time was had by all. I had the veal marsala which one of my favorites there. It was just as it always is which is to say delicious. Maybe a bit pricey at $22.95, but I love it. So only 4 stars because some of the prices are a little high.  Otherwise a great place.Check it out whether alone or in a group.
4	I'm very much into authentic Italian food and absolutely hate Italian chain restaurants but I was pleasantly surprised at the food quality.  The fried ravioli was delicious and their horseradish sauce fantastic. My wife hates horseradish but she even enjoyed it as it wasn't too strong and had nice creamy texture. The Chicken Parmesan was decent but nothing too extravagant. My pasta was slightly undercooked but I don't mind. Some people might though. My wife had the short rib ravioli and it was extraordinary. I could eat that every day of the week. The sauce is perfect.
2	Started with the pepperoni flatbread, cold and not very good.  Server could not keep up with refills and was not very attentive to our table.  Plates started to pile up between the bread plates, salad blows and appetizers.  We asked twice to get the table cleaned off before our entrees arrived.  My Pasta Bravo was the house special and was just okay given it was the house special.  Kids salmon was over cooked and the wife's salad was marginally okay.  It will be awhile before we return given other options in the area.
3	I really like Bravo. It's quiet, the food is great, the service is good.It's a bit pricy for what it is -Which is the only reason it's a "three"-star and not a "four".
3	Nice restaurant in North Lake Mall.  Service was good and the food was decent.  I would say this place is comparable to a Carrabbas Italian Grill.  I went to Bravos as part of a group for a year end appreciation dinner.  Someone else picked up the tab so I can't complain too much.I don't know that any of the food was memorable enough to bring me back, unless of course the meal is free again.  That said, the food was decent, but there are better options.
4	Italian food is one of my great weaknesses. Your garlic better be fresh and your Parmesan better not be a powder. Bravo definitely does not suffer from these problems. The food is very good. Portions are a little bit on the lite side. They are a little more fancy, but I am taken back to my Italian neighbor growing up who would cook twice as much food as  needed. You left stuffed and with lunch for the next two days. Bravo didn't fill me up like my old neighbor did, but I was still satisfied. Our Waitress was very friendly. I usually stop by Bravo when I am around the area and I will be back again.
4	When I visited, it was very quiet and the atmosphere was comfortable. Even though the menu does not seem to have vegan options, the waiting staff was very kind and understanding, and the kitchen altered dishes with no problems. I had eggplant, tomato, and spinach on  whole wheat penne with a balsamic vinegar-white wine reduction sauce.
4	Really good food exceptional service. I couldn't decide between the lobster ravioli and the crab cakes. I ordered the LRavioli. Then the chef came out and said "I heard you were in a dilemma" he knelt down at the table and Sid I would choose the crab cakes. So I switched my ordered and he brought them to my table himself. Awesome service. And the crab cakes were delicious. The wedding soup was flavorful and the dipping oil for the bread tasted like roasted peppers! Great experience. Go!
2	Poor service and so so food.  Choose another eatery.Drinks were slow to arrive.  Meals arrived hot but overly salty. 2 of 3 meals were awful however mine was very good - not a great ratio.
3	Went here for lunch with my 2.5 month old on a Friday because I had a taste for some pasta, plus I had a rewards card coupon. It wasn't crowded at 1:30. Because I had a stroller, I opted to sit in the bar area. It took 5 min. for someone to come over to see what I wanted to drink. Since, it took so long for drinks, I went ahead and ordered when she came over. Food came out fairly quickly and was tasty. However, I only had water and I only got a refill when it was time to bring me my check. I thought the bartender/waitress was strictly for the bar area and it would be fast service, but I was wrong. Also, they have a good happy hour, so that would be the only reason I would go back.
1	I have always liked Brovo at Northlake Mall over the years for the pleasant atmosphere and good food ,however, they seem to have really gone downhill.  There are new menus at greatly increased prices with lower use of ingredients.  Me and my husband had dinner there last nite and nothing was good.  Even the bread and dipping sauce were of poor quality.  My salad was soggy with too much salad dressing, my main entry of pasta with so called spinach and mushrooms was a joke.  The pasta had no sauce and was completely tastless.  My husband's lasagna was dreadful and had so much sausage in it that you could not even taste the cheese or the sause.  Lastly we both woke up in the middle of the nite with the worst case of indigestion.  If you want good, predictable Italian food stick to someplace like Carabba's and skip this place althoughter! Ava J.
1	I've been to other Bravo locations before and have had wonderful experiences. I'm not sure what's going on with this Charlotte location...1. I was told they were out of Caesar salad. What Italian restaurant runs out of Caesar salad?!2. My entree was good, but rather salty.3. Our waiter basically ignored us the entire time. I spent much of the dinner trying to figure out if he was just new or confused as to what his job description entailed. He seemed to have no problem checking on his other tables.4. It took literally FOREVER for our drinks to arrive. I don't care how busy  you are it doesn't take 25 minutes to bring me a beer that's not even on draft!5. I don't normally care how long it takes to clear plates off a table but when the entree plates are crammed into the corner of the tiny table while I'm trying to eat dessert I have a problem.
1	Food is okay. You can get better food for less elsewhere, but the service is sorely lacking:1) this Italian restaurant was "out of" Caesar salad. Like, what?!2) it took forever to see our waiter, get refills and get food. The waiter walked by at least 5 times and never checked on us.3) the waiter never cleared our plates. To eat the once frozen and never fresh dessert, we literally had to eat around the entree plates we had finished over 25 minutes earlier (yeah, that's how long it took to get our cheesecake).4) the hostesses were the rudest women I have encountered in a long while, with possibly the most severe case of bitchy resting face EVER.Charlotte is NC's largest city. You should have no problems finding someplace better.
2	Dissapointed :(We had an early dinner yesterday.There was no hostess to greet us, but we did notice (3) servers sitting @ the bar?Our waiter did not seem to enthusiastic at all to serve us. We had appetizers and ordered the fillet mignon dish which came w/ mashed potatoes, but we where told it was to early, so we had the potatoes ? The steak was over cooked, dry and had hardly any seasoning. The veggies had to much oil and overly seasoned and salty.The potatoes!!! Well all I had on my plate was potatoes skins dry, very crispy and salty. (I only had the meat) ???I wanted to really like this place, but will not be returning ;0(
5	Delicious and beautiful ambience! The food has an authentic fresh quality! I'm thinking about a bowl of spaghetti as I review! I had a shrimp appetizer ( actually the table kept them coming like 6) also a chicken flatbread (delish)! I had a chicken salad and a shrimp pasta dish both of which were delectable. The service was good too.
5	Food is delicious!!! I had the crispy shrimp Napoli for appetizer and the sauce was very good!! For entree I had the crab and shrimp cakes. So rich and tasty!! Also the vegetables are very good. Our server was friendly and helpful! Will definitely be going back!
5	Always good service and delicious food. I tried salmon pasta which has feta as an ingredient. I wondered how that would work but it was terrific. My husband had pasta woozie. He thought it was a little too much salt on chicken but still gobbled it up.
4	The decor is absolutely lovely.  Instead of Olive Garden's rustic country look, we have Rome, with columns and marble.  The ceilings are high, the lighting just right, and an extensive line of very tall french doors on two sides with cheerful black-and-white awnings outside lets in lots of sunlight in an elegant way.  Totally suitable for a wedding rehearsal dinner, a business dinner,  parents coming into town, or a date where you want a little more light on your table than you get with Carrabba's.Bravo! is well-suited for the handicapped, since the tables are high enough to accommodate the controls of a powered wheelchair.  Elsewhere, like Olive Garden, lower tables are too low for the controls to go under, so this requires an awkward angled seating position for the person in the chair, making it difficult to eat.  Yea, Bravo! for getting it right.Service was gracious, fast, and attentive.  We arrived around 11 a.m. on a weekday and were apparently the first ones there.  As noon approached, the restaurant filled up significantly.  Our host was welcoming and helpful in making sure mom's wheelchair was able to go where it needed to go.  Our server was a very pleasant young blond woman with a smooth ponytail who supplied us with helpful suggestions, kept our glasses filled, and did everything we wanted timely.  No complaints here!The food had high and low points.  By comparison, Carrabba's is the dark grotto with the really, really rich food hot and fresh off the grill and always delish.  My fave.  Bravo! was lighter and in some ways more interesting. but also less consistent. This was our first time here, so we requested and got lots of suggestions from the waitress.  The salads were more interesting than those served by their competition.  We ordered the chopped Italian salad and the rustica salad.  The latter has a really impressive appearance, lots of "stuff" on it, and a pleasing sweet dressing that tasted homemade.  The chopped salad looked smaller and more ordinary but had a very light, pleasant, fresh flavor.  Yum.My entree, a chicken-over-ziti dish, was disappointing.  It obviously sat under a heat lamp for a while and got dried-out.  They are apparently economizing on the sauce quantity, since there was not enough sauce for the ziti to capture any at all in the hollow centers; I requested extra sauce (unusual for me), they supplied a small extra metal vessel of it without complaint and without extra charge, and that was enough.  Fresh tasting.  I could do as well at home for far less money, though.Mom had the lasagna, which was cheesy, good, and generously portioned.  For dessert, there was creme brulee, which was freshly made and which she really liked.  She actually ate all the lasagna leftovers at home that night.  Very unusual.  Overall, the bill was higher than we would have liked but reasonable for such a beautiful setting.  I still prefer Carrabba's, but we look forward to revisiting Bravo! when we come to Northlake Mall in the future.
4	We visited while traveling through the state.   We started off with the Shrimp Napoli which was delicious.  For our meal, I ordered the Veal Scaloppini, which sadly was a bit disappointing.  The sauce and accompaniments were great, but the veal was incredible overcooked.  My husband enjoyed his Meatball and Pepperoni Manicotti, albeit a bit rich for him.  So, basically the food was ok.  Customer service was decent, and the staff was fairly pleasant and upbeat.  If I were to visit again, I'd stick with the Shrimp Napoli, house salad, and a glass of wine.
2	Nice decor. Food tasteless. Taste sooooo chain resturants. Totally not worth the price.
5	This place was amazing!! Nothing like Olive Garden!! Food was fresh...herbs awesome...and Christina our waitress was incredible!! She knew the menu and exactly what we were looking for!! She was prompt and super friendly!! Definitely coming back to try a new dish!! Btw had the lobster ravioli ammmmmazzzing!!
3	I don't know what it is... But my experience here was, umm quite interesting. I guess coming on Christmas Eve wasn't the best idea? Because right from the get go when we walked into the restaurant I felt that we were met with some stupidity.Let me set the scene here. Envision a restaurant, about 3/4 empty, and a hostess as well as a manager in the front standing to greet customers. We walk in and we're greeted with the standard: "How are you? What can we do for you?" of course the easy reply: "We have 4." Now, the following response started getting me worried. "Did you make a reservation?" REALLY?! So, you're telling me that at 7:30 PM on Christmas Eve, we need a reservation when the restaurant is 3/4 empty? Are they going to rush in at 7:45 and fill up the restaurant? Anyways, we got seated. When we got seated, my worries had came back in full. Waiter comes up: "Hello. You're my last table here, and I'm ready to get out of here because it's Christmas Eve and I have a lot of things to do at home." My thoughts: "WTF?!" and I was about to respond "Well, if you need to go home, go. I'll find another waiter who wants my tip." But, I sat silently because what I just was absurd and I was not going to play along with ridiculousness.Placed our order. I ordered the Chicken Pomodoro Pasta. Food was great, we also ordered some bruschetta which was amazing. I did order a salad along with my entree but it came out cold and soggy. I guess I'm too picky as far as salads go, but I do like it crisp. We get to the end of the meal (which was amazing by the way). Our waiter gets the check and gives it to us. My Mom jokingly says: "Well, we better leave so you can get home." She then continues and says: "Yeah, my brother came up from Florida and I haven't spent any time with him! I also have so many presents to wrap, and the bosses who own this franchise don't understand that we need to be home too. They're with their families somewhere in Colorado, and we're here working." You're joking right? I didn't even look at her, and my parents already stood up and were leaving when she was in half sentence. If you don't want to make money on Christmas Eve, then don't come! I'm sure someone else would love to take that from your hands to make some extra cash for Christmas. Blaming the restaurant that is giving you a job is not a good look, on top of blaming it in front of patrons of the restaurant.All in all, this place would have been an easy 4 if we had the right attitudes and intelligence as far as services go. The food here saved it from a 2 star. Service was poor, but maybe it was because it was Christmas Eve? Who knows? All I know is that I was definitely not impressed.
5	For an appetizer we had antipasto on bruschetta that was very flavorful and perfect for sharing.  For my main dish I had one of the featured dishes... Mahi that was wrapped in bacon, served with potatoes, spinach, carrots and snappy pea pods.  Cooked perfectly and very delicious.  I don't order fish often, but could eat this dish over and over.  Hope it does not go away any time soon.  I would sum up as amazing.
