5	A friend of mine stayed here while visiting Scottsdale, and I was very impressed! The resort is very hidden and quaint, but it was so nice! I liked how it has a small charm feel and yet it was also was very luxurious! We hung out at the hotel a lot one day and just hung out in the beautiful room and grounds. My friend also had breakfast in the dining room every morning and he said it was excellent. If you have friends or family coming to visit I would recommend The Scottsdale resort. It's beautiful and doesn't have the vast cold feeling of most hotels. It's also located in a great part of central Scottsdale! I believe he found some deals on hotwire or priceline as well.
3	Would give 3.5 stars if i could...I come to PHX on business a few times a year and have been trying to find a regular hotel to stay at. The good:  nice big room, pretty location, very clean, polite staff, feels like a 4-star hotel & service except for:The OK:  Bed is good, not great; pillows felt kind of odd, location is rather remoteNeeds improvement: Free TV channels should be way easier to locate and navigate, shower head was covered in hard water depositsReally pissed me off:  The ludicrous $16 per night "facilities fee" which they add on top of your nightly fee.  I don't know if this treat is saved for priceline people or not, but as a matter of principle it's ridiculous and I'm complaining to their manager about it.
1	Guess I'm the odd woman out in this string of reviews! My husband and I stayed here on Memorial Day evening to get away for our anniversary, and we both detested almost every aspect of our experience. Thanks a lot, Priceline! We had bid $75 for a "Resort" in the Phoenix area, and at that bid, we probably deserved what we got, but we're still a little bitter :). When we pulled up the driveway to check in, it seemed promising. There were lots of trees and flowers, and everything looked really clean. The bad part started when we went in to check in. The clerk informed us that they were only "40% full" and therefore had our pick of room locations - any floor, any view, etc. We told him we wanted a first-floor pool view. Easy enough. Then he asked if we "preferred" two queens or a king. Well, since we weren't planning on having any additional overnight guests, we let him know we preferred a king. Well, despite the 40% occupation rate that he had advertised just seconds earlier, he told us that this "upgrade" would carry a $20 fee. We declined and were really annoyed - rather than make a hospitable gesture and offer us a king, which clearly wasn't in high demand - they insisted on charging us. Just a lost opportunity to please the customer! As someone else already mentioned, the resort fee of $16 also seemed useless - it included overnight parking (on a roof-top, unshaded lot), free internet (IF you happened to bring our laptop, which most pleasure travelers wouldn't), 2 bike rentals (we just wanted to go to the pool!), and a "coffee bar" (some carafes of coffee on a table in a dark corridor). Blech. We went to our room, at least hoping it would be nice. Well, it wasn't. To start with, it was incredible dark, but rather than offering curtains, the first-floor room had dark wood plantation shutters - opening them barely let any light in. One of the floor lamps was also broken. The dark wood trim, accessories, and enormous amoire gave off more of a Spanish monastery vibe than a posh Scottsdale resort. The bathroom was also nothing to write home about - the shower was really small and the curtain looked dingy. To top it all off, we turned on the TV and every channel had a fuzzy picture. So, you ask, were there any positives? Ok, ok, sitting out by the pool was great (although I attribute that more to the gorgeous Phoenix weather) than the pool (the surface was peeling in a bunch of places, and the walls around the pool were literally covered in moss, which looked to be due to neglect and not a stylistic choice) but the $3.50 well margaritas we had at the pool bar (happy hour 3:30-6:30) were surprisingly good, as were the crab taquitos we ordered as a snack. If you love outdated and overgrown, you'll love this resort. Otherwise, avoid it.
4	A nice place for a great deal. It was summer, which obviously is slow time in Phoenix, so my friend and I got this deal for 70 bucks a night. Driving up, it has a nice little portico with awaiting valets, but since my friend and I are cheapasses, we decided to use the free self parking. The rooms are spacious and equipped with two comfy queen beds. The pool area is OK. It's pretty small but in the Phoenix heat, it doesn't matter. There is also a bar next to the pool, so you don't have to go very far to get your drink on. Although I didn't use it, the fitness center is equipped with every machine you would ever need and has a pretty nice sauna area for relaxing. Next time I am in Phoenix, I will definitely try to stay here again and take advantage of more of the amenities.
4	My boyfriend and I stayed here right around New Year's. We got a crazy good rate on hotwire, so my standards were significantly lowered. But even if the price to standards ratio didn't come into play, this place totally exceeded my expectations. We pulled up to a really nice property. Valet was free and everyone that worked there was incredibly nice. The lobby is really pretty...I'm partial to spanish architecture and design. The room was really nice and the bell hop arrived with our bags shortly. (Fast enough to catch the last 15 mins of happy hour) Margaritas were cheap and good! Free pool tables. It just gets better. The pool area was really nice and we were able to partake in more happy hour margaritas (this was the next day). The bartender at the pool was supppper nice. Overall it was just a really nice relaxing time. Not pretentious at all but still upscale and really comfortable. The only real drawback was my boyfriend went to breakfast one morning and said it wasn't so great and cost close to $30 for just him. Also there is a resort fee that is charged each day, but this was expected so didn't really bother me.
3	Disclaimer: I have not stayed at the resort, but instead, attended a wedding ceremony and reception there this past weekend. This review is only for the resort based on my experience at the wedding.On Valentine's Day, my husband and I ventured up to the Scottsdale Resort and Conference Center to attend the wedding ceremony and reception of one of my co-workers. We parked on the garage rooftop and skipped using valet. The ceremony was outside and right near the garage, so we didn't have to walk far. Due to the 5:30 ceremony time and the cool weather conditions, the resort did have plenty of heat lamps set up and a gift table was in the space where the ceremony was which was nice so that guests did not have to hold onto cards and gifts. Unfortunately due to being outside and near the parking garage, there were plenty of lurkers who watched the ceremony from the top of the garage or their rooms that faced the ceremony space...it was really creepy to me and a bit distracting as a guest. After the ceremony, the resort had plenty of staff on hand to direct guests from the ceremony site to one of the ballrooms on the other side of the resort (or so it felt!) for cocktail hour. There were two bars on opposite sides of the room set up which was nice to help handle the 140ish guests wanting drinks. In addition, there were waitresses who came around to get drink orders. The appetizers were very good and were hits with everyone we knew at the receptions...the cheese ravoli and cheese quiche were probably the two favorites among our group, but the chicken satay was also good.In the ballroom where the dinner/dancing was held, again there were two bars to help with crowd control, as well as servers who came around to get drink orders. Let's just say I took advantage of the efficiency the resort had when it came to serving drinks! The dinner food was again a big hit with our table, especially the mashed potatoes and macadamia nut crusted chicken. I didn't try the filet that came on my plate with the chicken, but from the others at my table it was cooked well. The salad with herb dressing that started the meal was already on the table when we arrived after cocktail hour and it was very fresh...I appreciated that the dressing was not overpowering.While the food was very good, my husband and I were not blown away by the resort property. It was kinda bland and generic. It didn't have that take your breath away beauty that some of the other resorts in the Valley have. Based on my experience at the wedding, I would give the Scottsdale Resort and Conference Center 3.5 stars, but am going to round down to 3 stars based on the look of the property and the fact that if you want an outdoor ceremony, you will have lurkers.
4	Considering the bang for your buck that you get at this place, I think it deserves 4 stars. For example, twice now I have been able to book this place on priceline.com for $70 dollars a night. Be wary though, they do tack on a $16 a night resort fee, so in reality the price is $86 a night.All in all though, this place is really peaceful. There is greenery everywhere and I couldn't ask for a cleaner place. Moreover, the staff here is always very nice and cordial.Lastly, and I don't know if it's just because I'm used to being in LA, but they don't charge you for parking. What a relief. The only drawback is leaving your car out in the hot Arizona sun, but I can deal.
3	Like is becoming my norm with Priceline, I don't feel like this place was 4 stars, but it wasn't bad.  The worst part was the maid in the morning - the front door was literally knocking the pictures around on our walls every time she walked in or out.  I was headed to complain, only to encounter some really nice staff that made up for it.  Overall it was pretty dang nice, and for the price, I'd say there again ($60 off priceline + $16 charge).
4	I have stayed at this resort multiple times when visiting Scottsdale. Location is great, facility if wonderful, staff is attentive, Sangria's Bar is a fun place to hang out and watch a game, parking is not that far, and rooms are fantastically decorated. I've never had any issues and enjoy staying here.
4	Like everyone else who booked this through Priceline, I wasn't aware of the resort fee until "after" I booked it, but I have to say for paying a total of $68/night this place was way more than I expected! It was a beautiful resort and I loved our comfy bedroom and 42 inch flat screen tv. We never took advantage of the fitness center, tennis or bicycles but we enjoyed the pool! Sangria's bar was pretty cool and average prices for food/drinks. The breakfast buffet was a rip off but we took advantage of the 2 for 1 coupon. My husband enjoyed all the golf courses nearby and I had fun checking out the outlet malls! The resort was very clean and staff were friendly!
4	I took a chance and booked a room at 4 star resort on hotwire.com for $55 a night.  After booking, when this particular resort was revealed, I knew it was worth the gamble. $55 is a great deal, even with the $16 resort fee.  I loved the nice big rooms, lush greenery, and interesting spaces for socializing, especially the pool area and huge fire pit outside of the bar.I didn't really make the most of the other resort amenities since I spent most of my time by the pool, but my primary goal was to soak up some sun and catch up with old friends here, so it was money and time very well spent.I'd stay at this resort again in a heartbeat.
3	SRCC is your parents resort...Solid, but dated.  Touts its AAA 4-Star rating, but you'll be thinking, 'eh, just barely.'Take my guest room, please (parents generation joke): -TWO desks (I have never seen that before).  But how about a couch in place of one???   -'flo-through' closet (doors at either end).  But, its too cramp to step into.  -Two bathroom sinks and vanities.  But at the very low height.  One has a stool that is but 2' feet tall--I guess for the lady to sit and apply gobs of make-up.   -Very few ice machines can require a 5-minute trek4-Star, but:-Most interior common areas are intimate.  Not high, cathedral ceilings common in more modern resorts.  The front desk is down right quaint. -Room service quits at 11PM.-On Friday night, SRCC's sole lounge closed around midnght and doesn't open again til 4PM.-Main pool is simple and square.  Absolutely no vibe. With lounge chairs perfectly aligned in military rows, like troops.  Music?  You don't need no stinking music.  -Want to order food and drink lounging at the newer, round, Casita Pool?  it takes a phone call and you'll pay room service delivery charges.,,ouch-Decent health club, but a single TV in its large room and no earplug audio outlets.  And no cleaners to wipe-down equipment!-A lot of wear-and-tear throughout.  I know the economy is bad and hotels everywhere have cut back.  But, SRCC looks like its delayed maintenance goes back to before this recession hit.If SRCC didn't make its 4-Star ubiquitous or simply dropped to 3-stars, the shortcomings I cite, wouldn't be really noteworthy.  But, if you want to claim "a high level of service...and facilities" you've got to delivery.
1	I wrote separate reviews for the two eateries here, Sangria and Palm Court, so I will attempt to cover my 4 night mid-week experience this March.  My friend booked online and is was a business expense, so I am not sure of the room charge per night, but the internet rate is coming up at $205 per night.- 1 Star - Resort fee.  Okay, so tell me again what the $19 per day covers?  Use of the gym? Internet? Well, these are usually free most places that I travel that have them.  As for the other resort "stuff" - I won't have time to use it, so I would rather have not been charged. Just roll it into the room fee for heaven's sake!+ 1 Star - Complimentary Valet Parking.  But then again, our room was far from the main area so we never made us of the valet and self parked the whole time, down near our room.- 1 Star - The Room size.  We were in Casita 68.  An upper casita room, corner.  We had a view of the golf course.  The room had a king bed, desk with chair, two side tables, minibar/chest thing (above it was TV).  The room felt cramped and in fact if you are sitting at the desk, your roomie will have to crawl over the bed to get to the micro-balcony.- 1 Star - Balcony.  Some rooms might have bigger patios (ground floor) but the balcony off our casita room barely fit two chairs and a little center table.  However sitting in the chairs you would have a view of... The balcony wall. Not well planned.- 1 Star - Bathroom.  Okay, so there is a dressing/changing area outside the main bathroom.  And it has a little sink.  But the bathroom itself is barely powder room size.  Into that is crammed another sink (!??!), toilet, standard bath/shower. - 1 Star - Lighting.  The room was dark, all in all.  For a corner room to only have natural light from the balcony glass doors was grim.  Although there are three table lamps and 1 overhead by the closet, the room is dim, like granny's house.- 1 Star - Toiletries.  I hate those cheap ass "Gilchrist and Soames" soaps/etc.  And what is with no shower gel?  Two tiny soaps, one lotion, one shampoo, one conditioner.  Lame.- 1 Star - Noise.  First few nights no problem.  Then last night the other guests arrived I suppose. Not exagerrating to say that I could not only hear the two guys next door talking but I could hear WORD FOR WORD what they were saying.  It was a bit disconcerting.  I thought that maybe they had their balcony door open, but then they OPENED it and it was like... OMG, they *are* in my room!  Oh, and the people downstairs - could hear them through the floor (but more muffled).  But could hear the doors slamming from all floors/near and far as though they were in the room with me!  horrible.+ 1 Star - Maid service.  Very nice non-English speaking lady who gave me more towels etc with a smile.  Very quick and efficient at the room.- 1 Star - Overall quality of the resort.  This is just not a 4 star resort.  It's more like it *was* but they got lost on the way.  Little things like the 21% service charge AUTOMATICALLY added onto the already outrageous breakfast ($17 for a buffet - and not even any custom order options - all out of steam trays? How is that worth $17?).  Like the worn carpet in the breakfast room (duct tape used to repair it here and there).  Like the saggy quality of the mattress - I wonder how old that bed is?Would not stay here again, even if someone else paying for it.  Felt like a rip off even on the company expense account.  What these guys need is to either invest wildly to bring themselves to a higher standard of overall quality (new rugs, better toiletries, enhance roooms, etc) or just make further cuts and be a lower price 3 star resort.
5	I found this resort to be just wonderful. Our room was very large, but unfortunately there was only one chair, besides the desk chair, on which to sit. That was the only negative, aside from the extremely rude, LOUD guests that walked the halls. Not the resort's fault that some guests have no manners. The grounds were lovely, the fountain out in front often had birds drinking, and the trees lit up at night were beautiful. Everything was convenient, i.e. shops, highways, restaurants. The pool and hot tub were refreshing. Sangrias has a great happy hour. Our room looked out onto the golf course. People that have complained about the size of the bathrooms have, obviously, never been to New York. The outer dressing area with sink worked very well so that two people could get ready simultaneously. The wedding we attended was held in an area that we had not previously explored. Loved the fountains. I would definitely return if in the area.
2	Booked on priceline through "Name your own price". Got it for $45 per night for three nights. (Because I needed a decent room to sleep at night, not a fan of roach motels.) This was all great. Until a $19 per day fee was added to my bill. Front Desk Manager was a prick about it, I didn't use any of the services included in this "Resort Fee" such as "Free Wi-Fi" and "Complimentary Coffee". Someone there needs to re-evaluate how they use the words "Free" and "Complimentary".The resort isn't really great either. Seems like anyone can get a 4 star rating. I've stayed at better holiday inns.Also,  If you're a big fan of thin walls and hearing everything the people in the halls and rooms next to you are doing and saying, this is the place for you.Overall, I wouldn't stay here if I could avoid it. I'm not a fan of being treated like an idiot by hotel/resort staff.
3	Be parsimonious. This place is rated 4 stars by AAA.  Not at all sure why, as it is dated and not quite up to par with other 4 star joints (see Intercontinental Montelucia, which is also AAA 4 stars).  Despite that, I have to admit that I've stayed here MANY times.  Why?  Two words: Price Line (ok, so it's really one word, but I can add an extra word if this place can add an extra star).  Pros: quiet, enormous rooms, two sinks (love it when a hotel has that), price, fluffy towels and robes, location close to Old Town and lots of restaurants.Cons: ridiculous resort fee, parking sucks (no elevator for a two story lot?), crappy toiletries, stiff beds.Regardless of star level, it's a nice place to stay.  Put it this way, would you rather shack up at the Motel 6 or here?  Whatever you do, just don't pay full price.
4	my friends and i got hooked up with a sweet deal on priceline. the room was nice and spacious. the beds were super comfy. loved that the pool and hot tub is open 24hrs. its also pretty close to shopping areas as well as nightlife.
4	This review is a little bit late, but I still dream about the Scottsdale Resort as if we stayed there just yesterday.Our room was absolutely GORGEOUS and huge. We had a view of the golf course, and one night we even went outside to watch a late-night fireworks show over the course.Our bathroom was also giant, and beautiful.Beds were comfortable, pool was wonderful, and the  pool-side bar was great too.We have recommended this hotel to several of our friends who have enjoyed it as well.The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars from me is just simply because we didn't feel like the staff did anything "spectacular" for us, and frankly I don't even remember any of the staffers, which usually means (for me) that they were just average.
4	There is a $19 per day "resort fee." At first, I was annoyed about this, because I really don't like being nickled and dimed, especially when I am on vacation, and especially when i specified to priceline the amount i was willing to pay. BUT...it turned out that the charge had the opposite effect. We ended up taking advantage of all the perks that come with the mandatory fee...biking, playing tennis (or trying to...we aren't very good), the 24/7 pool and jacuzzi, parking, fireworks show, and unlimited internet. So instead of having to worry about paying for each of those services, we just used all of them since we had already paid.The decor in this place is somewhat dated, and it is not too centrally located, but traffic in this city isn't too bad, so being out of the center of things was tolerable. The staff are really helpful and pleasant. Overall, we had a nice stay.
2	if you are going to use priceline to name your own price on a 4 star deluxe hotel be aware that priceline considers this "resort" to be equivalent to that even though IMO it is more like a 3 star upscale.  The grounds seem nice enough though the decor is completely dated.  The rooms have these nasty comforters that look like out of the 70's and I stepped on a raisin on the carpet when I walked in which make me think they don't really vacuum completely.If you're going to bid on a 4 star in the phoenix/scottsdale area then make your bid SUPER LOW so that if you do get stuck with this hotel you won't feel like punching yourself in the face about it.... I'm talking $45/night.  I put in $120/night and got stuck with this hotel and it is definitely NOT worth it especially since they tack on an additional $20 resort fee on top of your nightly rate.  In addition to this their standard room (which is what Priceline Name Your Own Price gives you) is a double with 2 queen beds, so forget about wanting a king if you're going with your spouse/partner.  They will not change rooms for you unless you pay an additional $20 per night.I will only go back if I pay less than $60/night.
4	I've been here mainly to use their conference facilities for work. So I will not be critiquing their rooms.... But if you're looking for a place to hold an event this would be a great place. And Sangria's is always busy with people enjoying happy hour and pool.They are attentive to detail and if your boss asks you for last minute miracles, their staff is great at making it happen.
3	The hubs and I attended a wedding and also stayed here this past weekend. The wedding was nice, but the area is not very private and guests/onlookers can watch from the parking garage and balconies. The food we typical wedding food. I liked the appetizers and the bread and salad, wasn't a total fan of the chicken or side items. The bar staff was friendly and fast, there was never a line. Our room itself was nice. Plenty of space to get ready in. Though both sinks, when turned on, sprayed water in other directions, but I caught on fast ;) The bed was really comfy and had plenty of pillows, and if you needed more (like my husband always does) there were extra pillows in our closet.
5	We were one of the many that book this place on priceline or other discount svcs. My brother got the bid for 70 bucks. Im not one to typically give 5 stars to a place where Ive only stayed a night. And having traveled pretty extensively, I know the difference between whats expected and whats a bonus. This place met or exceeded all expectations. We were finishing a family reunion trip to see Sedona and the Grand Canyon etc, and this was a perfect way to end it.We took advantage of the pool and jacuzzi being open all night. Its about average size but well maintained; perfect temp. Also played a lot of pool at Sangrias, and ordered their entire happy hour menu (which starts nice and early!) A note about the pool bar menu - you are really ordering room service to the pool - so bring a snack there if you want to avoid charges. Speaking of charges- yes there is a 19$ resort fee. We got out of one since we were a family using two rooms. Frankly, for the rate we got and how well maintained the place is, no problem paying it. Other reviews call this a tired resort that needs some work. I disagree - for its age and room rate, its a steal - the deco is tasteful and the grounds are really well done. Staff was always courteous. Check out is 1pm, so get a later flight so you can get more time at the pool before you jet off (shuttle to phx is 24$, on the hour). Id stay here again to end a trip or plan a getaway. Keep in mind its a huge property (obviously, with 'resort and conf center' in the name) so not in walking distance of anything. If you plan to get out a lot during your stay, look elsewhere. But this more than fit the bill for me. Cheers!
3	The resort is pretty nice.....We had a nice room with a view of the golf course. The hotel charges a resort fee of $19 which pays for your use of the facilities such as the pools, tennis courts, and fitness centers, but here's the thing we arrived late in the day around 7pm and were leaving first thing in the morning and had NO time to use any of the facilities so I can't say much about that. It sucks we had to pay the fee after not using any of the accommodations but oh well.....The room was clean and beds were comfortable and feature a small table for two, two queen beds, two desks, and a flat screen TV. The hotel bathroom offered 2 bath robes which was nice to wrap yourself up after a shower. And of course the hotel had free WiFi so I was happy.
3	Prior to my August 12, 2011 stay, I had written a previously poor review of this property. My previous 1 star review was based upon my assumptions of this resort after reading several negative reviews from fellow yelpers.***UPDATE***My family and I had an overall good experience during our stay. The resort, although a bit 'late 1980's themed and dated' has attractive Spanish Colonial decor that can be considered Old World style, and for the most part- timeless... While the rooms could use a bit of updating (hint: start with the bed spreads)- overall, it reminded me of an upscale hotel in Mexico. The decor and the architecture gave me the wonderful feeling only travel to a faraway place can give (that feeling of escaping and getting away from it all), yet still having the advantage of the creature comforts a resort property offers. This resort, although it's also a conference center, has some character- in a ocean of blandness experienced in the majority of current chain hotels and resorts. If only it's employees had a bit more personality- this place could shine a whole lot brighter. Example: when I checked in at 10 PM (tired after coming from a d-backs game), the front desk agent felt the need to remind me that the bell men and valets are "gratuity based." I was shocked at this remark, but kept my mouth shut. His comment was both unnecessary and in bad taste. The pluses... I appreciated the bathrobes in the room, the pillow top bedding, the big screen TV's and the late check out, which is 1 PM. All in all, an overall positive rating now that I have stayed here. Also, Ashley Grubbs, the marketing director deserves a raise! It is thanks to her that I gave this property a try in the first place. After I wrote my initial review, Ashley wrote to me, asking how she could work things out. She was even willing to refund the charges to my pre-paid, priceline reservation, as she didn't want me to feel that I was being forced to stay at the property due to a prepaid reservation. Thank you Ashley! I am glad I gave SRCC a chance, and I will most likely return for a 2nd visit.The only reason SRCC is not getting 4 stars from me is the $19 resort fee. I still feel that the resort fee is a turn off.
1	This review will be updated after my stay tonight (08/21/2011).  I'm giving 2* for now because of the hidden resort fee.  I got a room on priceline and was happy with the rate I won....until I read other yelp reviews about the HIDDEN RESORT FEE.  Priceline and all partner hotels, that resort fee is a scam.  Properties shouldn't charge extra for the use of their amenities.  I've won hotel stays at nice hotel chains like Marriott and they don't have a resort fee.  They allow paying guests to use their pool, fitness center, etc., without paying another fee!!SCAM.  Shame on you.
3	I stayed here the night of August 21, 2011 and enjoyed a relatively pleasant night.  The decor is a blend of Spanish villa chic and Southwest elements: muted colours and medium toned woods dominated the palette.  My room was large with 2 double beds and featured upscale elements like granite countertops in the room and marble in the bathroom.  I liked the two sinks: one in the actual bathroom and one in the adjoining vanity area.  A/c was the quietest I've experienced in a hotel.  Mini-fridge was locked!The grounds are lovely and well-kept and the property maintains golf courses, pools, tennis courts, etc., which I didn't experience because of the brevity of my stay.  It would have been fun to try a spa service, but alas, lack of time and $ prevented me from doing so.Front-desk staff is friendly enough.As mentioned previously in my review of 8/21/2011, resort fee is a scam.  Buyer beware.4 stars - 1 star for scam resort fee = 3 *
2	I was pretty underwhelmed with the experience... The rooms were clean and unique and the staff were helpful.Parking was a disaster.  It's pretty far from the room and there's no ramp or elevator if you are transporting luggage.  I'm sure the valet experience is much nicer but I was planning on being in an out several times in the day and wanted easier access to my car.All the rooms surround the pool area and they played the poolside music all night long right  outside my room.  It was going at 11:30 pm when I went to bed and still going at 5:45 when I woke up. And the pool is just OK... nothing spectacular
3	My husband, two year old son and I decided to have a fun little night away during Labor Day weekend. We used Priceline and this is the place that accepted our bid. Upon arriving we were placed in a room with two queen beds. We went back downstairs and asked the young lady at the front if we could please be moved because we need a king size bed to fit all three of us. She had a bit of a snotty attitude because we used Priceline and we cannot expect to get a king size using Priceline. What???? We have used Priceline numerous times and no one ever treated us as substandard because of it. So, no king for you is what we were told. OK. We made do and pushed the two beds together for a gigantic bed so that worked out. Just did not appreciate being treated like dirt because we didn't pay their top price for the room.Complaints: The wifi ran sooooooo slow, was poor quality, and we had to keep punching in the password for it every few minutes or so. Very annoying. We were not aware of the the $19 resort fee. That is something we never encountered before. We had to pay $19 for a resort fee to use things like the tennis court and bicycles. Hello? It is August in Arizona. No one is using those amenities, yet, we had no choice but to pay for it anyway. The ice machine was so far away from us and was a complete pain in the butt to get to. The crowd was a bit young and quite pretentious. The TV volume was capped off at 36 which in a way, is a great idea, but we could barely hear it ourselves.Praises:  The room itself was OK. Very old furnishings but it was clean. The most amazing part about the room is how thick the walls are and how quiet it was. We could hear the music from the pool very loudly during the day but at night, not a whisper. You couldn't even hear your neighbor's inconsiderate slamming of the doors because of how insulated everything is. This was probably the quietest hotel room I have ever stayed in! The gentlemen at the front door/valet were always very nice and right on top of opening the door for us everytime. They have a very nice late check out time of 1pm which I have never seen before. This let us linger and take our time which was much appreciated. They only held back $50 on our credit card for incidentals and it was taken off the next day which is very fast!I would have given three and a half stars for this place if the option was there. We did not eat any food there so I cannot give a rating on that. All in all, we were definitely not disappointed. I just do not feel like this is a four star hotel. And, again, we did not like feeling like we did not deserve 'resort' service because we went through Priceline. We would come back for the nice quiet room and late check out time alone though!
2	Planned to stay for a relaxing labor day weekend.  Purchased tickets on their own website and selected the room with a golf course view for $10 extra than the regular price.  It appeared to be a good deal since the reviews on Tripadvisor gave the resort a 4.5 (out of 5) star rating for customer reviews.  Along with the resort rating of being a 4star facility, we thought we should be fine.Unfortunately, we did not stay longer than an hour!  The hotel itself had character with an old southwestern decor.  The approach to the property was welcoming with  spectacular landscaping.  Customer service was good with friendly and courteous staff (mostly from the valet and door guys), although the front desk staff were pleasant and not directly rude!We were given our room and went to start our relaxing weekend only to find the room we had did not have a golf course view (well... it would have if there were not two huge trees in front of the window!)  The room was small but nicely decorated.  My hubby (affected by allergies, hay fever etc) began sneezing almost immediately on entering the room, which was due to the dust layer on window shutters, phone, table, tv stand and headboard - dusty as though the room had not been used for a few weeks!  We called the front desk to ask if we might be able to move rooms -  the person on the phone said "Let me see what we can do" and then the phone went dead.  We waited for about 5 minutes to see if he would call back but nothing!  Strange... we assumed he put the phone down by accident and didn't make a note of our room!  So we called back again and spoke to a lady who said "OK give me a moment to see what we have and i will call you back".  This time we waited about 10 minutes but no call back.  Obviously, my hubby could not stay in the room during the this time and we were simply waiting in the area of the room in case a manager came to see what our problem was.  We ended up going back to the reception and spoke to yet another person.  I explained we had spoken to two other people but that comment was ignored and none of the other staff identified that I had spoken to them even though they all could hear me!  The young lady said she would look to see if there was another available room, after a while she offered a casita but noted it was 50ft smaller than the room we were in - I asked if she meant 50sq ft and she said "no, 50 feet"!!!!  Anyway, before I digress on such a minor point, my husband asked if it was possible we could have a refund.  She said "yes no problem" without a fuss - I believe this was only because we had booked directly on their site, not using Priceline or other such service (which we use a lot ourselves and have had great service through).  We left and booked into the JW Marriott Desert Ridge (paid more but had a stress free, clean, pleasant and relaxing weekend).  Both these are rated 4star but in our well traveled experience, the Scottsdale Resort should be rated 2.5 or 3 star.   We agree with the resort fees being a rip off - just like the airline charging baggage fees.... put it in the overall cost and don't tell us about it, unless we ask for a breakdown.  Adding it on after you arrive is a real turn off!
4	My wife and I did a priceline stay-cation here last month and absolutely loved it. I had forgotten about this gem of a hotel as it oozzzes the style of the way Scottsdale and Arizona used to be and yes I know what I'm talking about as I'm a native. My mother has a pic of me playing with a tonka truck in a dirt road that is now Hayden and Osborn. Anyhow, this is how Scottsdale used to be.The staff is top notch. I'm particular about my 750Li and the took care of it well. Front desk dude was very nice and it was a really cool extra when we were given 2-4-1 discount cards for the dinign room, as well as, the Sunday brunch. We were planning on going to the Hyatt for dinner and for the gondola ride; however, they kept us on campus. Pool bar was cool and had a good happy  hour. Pool is a bit small. We also went inside to the bar for $5 happy hour appetizers. Nice selection and great prices. Try the sangria - top notch. The dining room is a gem. Old school waiters that have been there for 20+ years and have honed their trade. Table-side service cooking shrimp scampi next to m chair. Dessert table-side for my wife. Wow! Great stuff!We had brunch in the morning that was absolutely outstanding and again with top notch service. Only negative about brunch was too many people so long lines formed which was a bit annoying. Room was also top notch with a huge flat-screen TV that I REALLY appreciated for Sunday morning NFL. Only negative here were dirty clothes left on the patio presumably from the previous guests. Double thumbs up here!
4	Of all the places I have stayed at in the Scottsdale area (Montelucia, Boulders, Royal Palms, and Valley Ho), this was by far the best deal price-wise. We got a room for just $129 per night in October. The room was nice too, near the pool area, nice floor plan, very comfortable and spacious, but perhaps needs an update a la the gold standard Montelucia rooms.The resort itself is a little old-fashioned but still very tranquil and easy to get around. Would recommend this place for an overnight stay but if you are looking for a resort that has ample amenities and shopping nearby, this isn't it.Yet again though, for what you pay, this is well-worth it!!
3	It was an ok place to stay for Thanksgiving weekend. I didn't like that we had to pay a resort fee, especially when the rooms were already a little pricey. We had broken lights in our room we got charged a mini bar fee when we didn't even get the key. Now how does that happen? It was especially difficult to get them to refund it. I highly doubt I'll go back. All I can say is I'd rather stay here than Motel 6, but that's not saying much.
5	I love this place. It was so beautiful over the holidays with all the lights and garlands. I think the people who run this have a lot of pride in their business. The room was clean and the beds so comfortable. The decor is rustic but elegant at the same time. I liked how close we got to park to our room...super convenient. Lots of coupons given to us at checkin too. Great experience!
2	I've stayed here several times over several years. The decor is nice, the setting is serene, and the beds are comfortable. But, I can't imagine staying here except through name your own price bids on Priceline. I would bid a lower star level on Priceline, except for fear of getting some unlikely but dreadful outcome. Bidding for Scottsdale Conference Center, more Conference Center than Resort, is risk management. Sadly, I've never gotten a (different) resort in Scottsdale to take my bid. Many complain about the resort fee and the location of the self-parking. I don't love these either, but I think they're immaterial. (More thoughts on the resort fee at the end.)I have not raised any of the following concerns before this review, because it seems futile. I have never used the pool. Why would I? It and the surroundings are forgettable compared to many relatively pedestrian hotels in the metro area and elsewhere. Also, the chemicals in the hot tub were so strong that they bleached my trunks. The chairs in the room are uncomfortable (and I don't think they are antiques, which might be worth having even if not comfortable). There are some really simple fails that I can't believe the hotel doesn't fix, and the lack of effective response seems to speak to the hotel's lack of concern for guest satisfaction...1. If you can actually get it brewed, the in-room coffee is vile--yes, vile. Remember to bring your own coffee with you, if you like having decent coffee before going out in the morning. 2. The coffee pots are dysfunctional--they get stuck regularly and don't complete brewing; the carafe is practically impossible to remove from the apparatus, which gets messy. 3. Why do the sinks still not have hot water reliably!? When the dust settles, I am still very satisfied at the name your own price rates I have obtained, but I would be irate if I paid what the hotel asks publicly.As an aside, the hot water at the sink still doesn't work several months after the other review complaining about this issue, and I've stayed in several different rooms at the property. In light of this, the management's repeated cheeky form response (to that reviewer and to other yelpers on different issues) to the effect of "hope you aired your concerns so they could be addressed while you were there" seems hollow and phony. Frankly, I didn't need a smoking gun to divine that--it is apparent from the tone of the replies. I don't know why the hotel bothers to respond to these reviews if it's not going to do so effectively; it just makes things worse. I actually felt much better about staying here before I read the management's responses! I would prefer negligence and neglect over calculated disdain. I may share my views with the management via email or in person--hopefully it will go to someone other than the person who apparently monitors yelp.Here is my longwinded take on the "resort fee" (a common theme on this page). It  strikes me as essentially cosmetic for an informed consumer, given that practically all resorts in the local market are charging a similar fee (it's more of an issue when non-resort (in Priceline parlance) hotels charge a "resort fee"). But that doesn't make it ok. If the fee is per rooms, it should be built into the price. Otherwise, it is annoying. I can only think of two reasons to break it out separately, neither of which inspires confidence from the consumer's point of view. The most likely is that the hotel wants to trick someone who isn't likely to be a repeat customer. The other is to send a signal along the lines of "we're special, and you're paying more because you're getting more." (A resort fee is a star on a Sneetch's belly.) This, however, makes absolutely no sense, because resort amenities vary dramatically just like any other hotel amenities, and travelers generally make decisions about how much to pay for hotel-apples and hotel-oranges based on a holistic assessments. Resort amenities are no different from views, location, furnishings, staff, etc. It is obvious that most people don't read disclosures--the goal of most people who write them is to have plausible deniability but not to help the reader. A per person resort fee might make some sense, but that's not how they charge.
2	The resort is dated and in need of updating. The room size was OK, but we were disappointed by the quality and cleanliness. The toilet ran continuously, unless the handle was jiggled afterward. Only 2 towels were provided for a party of four. The beds were not comfortable. There were stamped-out cigarette butts left on the balcony! The pool is small, but I give it high points for being heated and open 24 hours. Our children could not enjoy some of the recreational activities. For example, they wanted to play billiards, but the billiard tables were solely within the bar area. It would have been nice to have some outside the bar. The price for the room was great, but this experience proved the old adage that you get what you pay for.
4	Here for a week, for work conference. For business meetings , the staff, food, organization was top notch.  Here are a few notes:Bed comfyRoom service goodTv and stations goodPools looked nice A little dated- older propertyIf you happen to get a room where i did, it is a very long walk, especially if you are Indress shoes/ heelsNo elevator in the Casitas so i hauled my heavy bag up stairs.Overall- pleasant stay!!!!
4	My husband, son and I just returned from a five night stay here and we will definitely stay again!We had read trip-advisor and had requested a golf course view room.  The hotel is a bit dated but our room was perfect.  We were on the second floor and we left our window open the whole time.  The smell of the grass in the morning was fantastic.We enjoyed coffee and bagels/muffins every morning in their new coffee bar and read the news paper.  We also ate at their Sangria restaurant (the nachos were fabulous) a few times.We e-mailed and made inquiries for reservations because we wanted one night of their baseball special (drop off and pick up at Salt Field) and the rest at a "regular" price.  The reservationist was great and e-mailed me within a few minutes.  We booked right after that.One has to understand that this resort is on a golf course and is great for an older set of people (golfers).  You can walk to a great golf course within minutes.  There is also a wonderful running/walking trail too.  However, this resort is not geared to kids.  The pool is great for older adults just looking to spend sometime unwinding and relaxing but is very special.  So for us, it was absolutely perfect.There is a resort fee but includes your internet, paper, etc but we didn't see a problem with paying for it.Again, we will be returning soon.
4	My family and I stayed here last Saturday through Monday and it was nice.  Our room #238 on the second floor overlooked the golf course and was quiet other than some noisy neighbors one night.  The room was very nice and the beds were comfortable.  The lounge has a happy hour which is nice and the pool area has another bar area.  The pool is quite small and was jam packed full of people because of the Spring break crowds or Spring training games for baseball.  It was in a nice central location in Scottsdale, not far from restaurants and shopping at the new Scottsdale Quarter on Scottsdale Road.  It is also a short drive from the beautiful Camelback Mountain and hiking trails.  We did not dine in the hotel, but enjoyed lots of great restaurants in the surrounding areas which we found on Yelp.
4	Stayed here on a short getaway and was generally pretty happy with what I got, especially for what I paid while the Scottsdale tourist season was still in full swing.  This is an older-style Scottsdale resort, kind of designed in the 70's/80's local style, with a lot of Mexican tile, small pool, low hallway ceilings, etc., so it doesn't have the shine or glitz you might find at some of the more well known, chain resorts. But on the bright side it doesn't have the high in-season price.  I thought the rooms were comfortable and tastefully updated, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the pool/restaurant/bar/spa were all up to par with what I would expect from a 3.5 to 4-star (but definitely not 5-star) resort.  I'd definitely stay here again if I was looking for an in-season resort but didn't want to pay $350/night. If it was not tourist season, I might look elsewhere at the same price.  Overall a positive experience.
1	This facility is over rated and not reliable. I asked on a few occasions for requests and the service would brush me off. Granted I'm not in the industry where I wear a white collard shirt everyday, but I deserve to be listen to and taken seriously. It is like a large rock rolling down a hill and no one cares to warn the village. It's damned due to it's size!
4	Stayed here for my best friends birthday. We just wanted a relaxing weekend and that's what we got. We liked that the pool was open 24-7. There was a bar at the pool but nobody attending it which blew. So we would have to go inside in our bathing suits to order our drinks since they didn't have a menu outside. People say the rooms are dated, but we thought they were nice. We enjoyed every part of our stay with the exception of the bar out by the pool not being open.(If theres a bar, someone should be working it right?)
3	This place was nice but a few things kept it from being really nice.  We booked this on priceline.com and got it for $50 a night.  After all the taxes and fees it was about $62.00 a night.....then comes the dreaded "resort fee" which is an extra $19.00 a night.  More on that later.We arrived at the hotel and check in was a breeze.  The guy who checked me in was awesome!  Super friendly and he even gave me options on where we wanted to be in the hotel.  We chose to be 3rd floor near the pool.  Got our keys and parked our car (they have valet if you want to use it). The room itself was NICE!  It was huge!  It had 2 beds, 2 desks, 2 chairs and a table with a sitting area etc.  It was a really nice room.  The bathroom was spacious and it had a vanity outside the bathroom too.  Huge walk in closet too!  One of the better hotel rooms I have seen in Scottsdale.  Beds were comfy with 4 feather pillows on each bed.  LG 40 inch TV.  So why only 3 stars?  A few things........ that resort fee.  $19 is fine for a resort fee.  It hypes the things it includes (parking, free wifi, bike rentals etc).  Well, the parking was wide open because nobody is in Arizona in the summer so there weren't reserved spaces or anything.  The TV had Dish or DirecTV and a few channels, mainly ESPN had real bad tiling and some others didn't even come in.  Also...the free wifi....it sucked.  I could get on with my phone ok but it was slow and dropped.  I was only able to get on one time with my computer though.  Late at night.  Every other time it gave me a server error etc.  If you are going to try to justify things that are included in the "resort fee", they better work!  The pool was just ok too.  It wasn't the cleanest plus there were a ton of kids in it.  We only stayed in for about 30 minutes.  It was just ok.All in all, it wound up costing about $80 a night after all the fees etc.  That's a little steep for a hotel in the middle of July in Arizona when nobody is there and they should be GIVING away rooms. The people that worked there were really nice, and the room was excellent but I'm not sure if I would stay here again....cheaper options available elsewhere.
3	As Yelp classifies a 3 star rating, this place was "A-OK" by me. Stayed here for two nights during a weekend getaway with the husband. Booked at priceline.com for about $60 a night, plus resort fee. When we first saw the room I was overjoyed and planning my 5 star "woo hoo, as good as it gets!" review... but a few things knocked the rating down a bit.The good stuff:Super comfy bed!! I rarely sleep well while away from home but I slept through the whole night thanks to the firm bed and feather pillows here. Spacious room. I'd say this room was much larger than your average standard room. It included a table & two chairs, a double desk, a nice TV, and a little bar area with a coffee maker & complimentary tea/coffee. Fancy toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, lotion, and two different types of bar soap). High pressure shower head.My favorite part was the second sink/vanity located just outside the bathroom. That's such a convenient feature. Great locationThe not so good stuff:The resort fee of $19. Honestly, just add the $19 to the regular price and forget about calling it a resort fee. I'd feel a little better about it that way. The wifi that was provided in the resort fee did not work. Had to use our cell phones to look stuff up. (Sprint shout out!)The pool is open 24/7 which sounds fantastic... except that means you can hear the loud people in the pool 24/7. Thank goodness the beds are comfy enough that once you're out, you're out (hopefully). =)   Oh, one other thing about the pool. We went down there at about 9:30pm and it was cluttered with small children. Like, needing arm floaties aged children.  I can't confirm this but we heard there was an adults only pool that cost $10 per person. I'd say that should be included in the resort fee? Would stay here again if the price including the resort fee was under $50 a night,  as I've stayed at hotels in the same area that were just as nice for much less than what we paid this past weekend.
4	This is a really cool place.  I got a great deal on priceline and stayed there for two nights last week.  The staff and manager were very helpful and accommodating.  Really enjoyed my stay, I highly recommend this place.  There is a $19 a day resort fee which seems unnecessary and a complimentary breakfast would have been nice which are the two reasons I didn't go 5stars but the place is really cool.
2	Prepare to be hit with a $100 'Pending Charge' on the credit card to be followed up with signing for a $19 resort fee for each night you're there.  It includes use of the facilities such as pool access, internet Wi-Fi, etc.  The Restaurant had already closed at 9:45 pm on a Friday night this past weekend. I didn't feel too bad about it after reading the local reviews on Yelp on the food there.  I decided to hit up Sangria's which is a bar that serves food as well as drinks.  I ordered the grilled Ahi Sandwich suggested by the server vs crab cakes being that it was 'more food' quantity wise.  It was served on a toasted Kaiser bun.  Came with chips, fried potatoes and something else I can't recall.  I chose the chips.  When served, it came on a warm plate with sandwich with tomato/onion/pickle/pepperoncini pepper on one side and potato chips (ruffles style) on the other.  No lettuce or sauce.  Ahi Tuna looked baked and very, very dry with nice color and some seasoning.  I recall seeing it advertised outside the bar with Aioli sauce.  When asked if there was any sauce to come with it, the staff could only bring me some tartar sauce.  Service was very lacking, most of the staff appear more interested in gathering in the kitchen talking or texting on their cell phones behind the bar than making sure any refills on my iced water were needed.  Having so much chips to go with the sandwich only made the driest sandwich experience that much more memorable.  Cell phone reception was totally gone. I use Sprint and heard that overall Sprint in Phoenix can be very spotty.  Once I get to the car at the parking structure, I receive all my missed calls/texts (weird).  Location somewhat far from most shopping. There is the Scottsdale Fashion Mall about ~15 minute drive.  Use internet / Yelp to find what you're looking for and plan ahead!Relatively pricey and isolated.  Perhaps better suited for golfers, retirees, couples looking for a private getaway at a quiet Tuscan style resort.  Not likely to return here anytime soon by choice.  My first 'fail' with a 4-Star Hotwire.com deal.One nice thing is that I was able to talk front desk into getting a late 2pm checkout on Sunday after a long night of partying in Scottsdale.
3	I probably wouldn't book here again for a couple of reasons...but first the positives.  Nice rooms with only minor maintenance issues in the bathroom (peeling wallpaper).  Nice beds, great seclusion with very little noise despite very noisy neighbors...I could hear them when in the hall, but not when in our room.  The valets are very good.  Now, the other stuff:  the front desk staff was in need of some training.  They asked if I wanted a room on the first second or third floor and when I said first floor they said "well, we don't have any on the first floor".  Then the resort fee which entitles you to "free" stuff.  Word to management:  if you are charging for it, it ain't 'free'.  Then you can add on charges easily, like $10 if you want to swim in an adults only pool.  That's 10 bucks for 2 people.  Or, the resort could just post that one pool is adults only.  5 bucks for bottled water in your room.  The ice is free.  Its a nice resort, just expect that you'll have to watch out for all the extra stuff they throw in.
5	My husband and I enjoyed a "staycation" here for my birthday. We had an amazing time! We took advantage of the great happy hour specials at the poolside bar and at the Sangria bar. The Sangria bar had billiards and a card table. They also had a wonderful Happy Hour menu where everything is $5. Excellent hamburgers and margaritas. We enjoyed a beautiful  dinner at Palm Court and a breakfast buffet at Vista Verde. We took advantage of the free bike rentals and the exercise facility. The staff was amazing and very accommodating. They have definitely earned our business and will refer our friends.
2	This review is mostly for the restaurant, Vista Verde (since I couldn't find an entry for them separately on yelp). Breakfast was beyond terrible-- cold, tasteless eggs, cold potatoes, spoiled fruit and fruit juice. Coffee was also cold. The buffet was a disgrace and all the servers looked miserable. No one even tried to serve us-- waited forever for any drinks, never checked on, and took forever to bring our check. We tried to wave servers down and couldn't get their attention-- and it wasn't busy nor were they lacking servers! Since it took literally forever to pay the bill (our waitress was tall, blonde, long hair) we were forced to eventually just put down exact cash with no tip and leave. Too bad since we usually give at least 20 percent! Bottom line: horrible service, horrible food, absolute waste of money. This restaurant gives the resort a bad rep.The resort itself was nice enough. Kind of kitchy, especially with the over-abundance of Christmas decorations after Christmas (think giant nutcrackers) but we had a nice view of the golf course and the bed was big and comfy-- However, we had to pay extra for a king bed over two doubles, which I thought was both bizarre and completely unnecessary. The rooms do need an overhaul...like new carpet or something. It's just old and outdated and a bit on the musty side for my taste.We might consider staying at the hotel again, especially if there were some renovations, but we would never, ever EVER go near the restaurant.
2	We were in AZ for Spring Training. If my husband wants me to go with him, I insist on staying at a nice resort. However, we were both disappointed in this one. Our king size room was of adequate size, but although there was ample room for a sitting area, there was only one chair plus the desk chair. The bathroom was outdated. If you want quiet, don't get a room facing the courtyard. There was noise at the pool and spa at all hours of the night including a raucous there at 4:00 AM! Didn't seem like management cared. First impressions with receptionist? Cold and all business which is efficient but not welcoming. Breakfast on site was expensive--I think they want you to buy the buffet, but we just don't eat $20 worth of breakfast food. We also dined at the Palm Court Restaurant which was overpriced for mediocre steak and dry salmon. Probably will not return to this place.
1	I always give 1-star to Hotels that accept anonymous Priceline bids and then charge extra "resort fees" when you show up.That's fine if you want to hide fees from window shoppers to make your sticker price look lower than it really is.  Let them dig through your fine print and decide to stay elsewhere if they so choose.But to accept anonymous bids from services such as Priceline where customers have zero visibility into your extra fees until their credit card has already been charged is unethical ( and you know it ).  I suspect that the law hasn't caught up to this new modern flavor of bait and switch that you folks in the Hotel business are experimenting with.  Enjoy ripping people off while the party lasts.
4	Every once in a while I will meet a few colleagues from the office here for happy hour.  Happy hour is from 3 pm to 6 pm...we try to get here around 4:30ish.  I like the Citrus Sangria, $5 during happy hour.  It's smooth & refreshing and carries a nice *punch* to it...ha ha!When we get hungry, we order some appetizers:Chips & Salsa, $6Jalapeno Poppers, $7.25Fiesta Nachos, $8.25The food is average bar food.  Nothing spectacular.  We come here to shoot some pool and have a good time with friends.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/scottsdale-resort-and-conference-center-scottsdale?select=xXvaJaChiQSz4IiX9PxsPA#xXvaJaChiQSz4IiX9PxsPAReturn Factor - 81%
1	Not very impressed for a Resort. The room was okay, bed was very worn and lumpy, not worth the upgrade. The pool was nothing special, and very slow service if you even got any. I was very disappointed in the spa as I could hear other guests talking during my whole service, toilet flushing, just unpleasant atmosphere. Plus the spa is very small. I will not be returning, that's for sure. Front desk employee didn't care much about my complaints.
4	Older yet well kep resort thats generally a little cheaper than other Scottsdale resorts.  Good pool and bar happy hour deals.  Free internet.  Free parking.  No BS "resort fees."  No balconies on rooms is a bummer but the rooms are very spacious and quiet.  Will stay here again for right price.
3	I came here for a work event, imagine that. The rooms were clean and the property was in fairly decent shape. The staff was extremely friendly. The place itself is somewhat isolated from a walk to a restaurant or bar standpoint. But good if you are here to focus on work and meetings or perhaps relax with a good book for a weekend.
5	Went here to observe the place for my client's wedding and caught up in food tasting (SCORE!) from Palm Court restaurant. We had the best tuna tartare, kabab skewer, and a beef stew. The tuna tartare biscuit served with delicate ricotta cheese, make it into a PERFECTION. The kabab were splendid. Good portion in one stick! And the beef stew was just so tasty. I did try some ground beef bruschetta and some grilled beef salad. But those 3 (three) that I mentioned earlier are definitely the most memorable ones. The scenery at this place are wonderful. Beautiful golf course just right behind Palm Court Restaurant. I definitely recommend this venue for any future event and will plan another visit to experience full course meal in that restaurant.
1	This was the first time we have stayed here but have eaten at the restaurants several times. I have always had good experiences at the restaurants. My experience at the hotel was not good. We swam at the pool and had some drinks for a good 3 hours until one of the staff came around and told everyone that they had to keep their drinks at least 4 feet from the water. Mind you, I had just been drinking in the pool for the last 3 hours. I have lived in AZ for 12 years and stayed at almost every resort in the Phoenix area and have never heard this before.  I would have been ok but my wife went to the bar to get another drink and decided to ask about this new Arizona law. She said that all of the staff seemed annoyed and they actually told her they were keeping on eye on what we were drinking. What!? I won't be coming back.
4	What a neat-O fantastic set of grounds for a hotel! I was very fortunate to visit a guest in a suite for a showing of clothing. The rooms are maaaarrrvehlous! While attempting to focus on the task at hand I was (very frequently) tempted to look out the windows. The lush green grass rolls over and yonder to the golf course area. The windows themselves are a perfect example of why this hotel is swank! They're not cookie cutter. (They weren't square plain jane boring.) From a couch or the table area it's easy to let your mind wonder with that kind of view.Although we weren't guests the person out front went out of his way to provide help. He took plenty of time to explain exactly where we needed to drive (as the grounds are quite extensive) to find the particular guest quarters.I can see why a vendor showing product would opt to go with this hotel. There is so much room in the suites! This is also a big perk for anyone with a large family or set of friends visiting. You could easily entertain a large group and not feel squeezed.Now, while I'm on the thought of entertaining.. there was a delightful bar area in the suite. Actually, more like Heaven. More than enough glass ware to use ALL of the robust sized bottles of liquor. And HOH MY did they have booze.Tempting.Very dangerously tempting.So come here and throw a party. Just because you can!
4	After a very difficult summer with no vacation, I decided I had earned a stay-cation.  So, on a whim, I booked a room here.  The property is older, but extremely well- maintained.  The grounds are beautiful and the architectural details are great. The rooms are spacious and the beds are very comfortable.  The bathrooms are covered in marble and everything was very clean. Every single staff member was kind and helpful.  I also had one of the best salads I've had in years at Sangria's Lounge (It's called the California Tomato--it's huge, fresh, and amazing! It's also pretty reasonable--$12.25). The Sunday brunch is expensive ($42 a person) but the food is amazing, the selection is fantastic, and there are bottomless mimosas. If you are staying at the hotel, they will give you a 'buy one, get one free' coupon, which makes the Sunday brunch much more reasonable. They also have a complimentary shuttle that will take you anywhere you want to go, within about 5 miles of the hotel.  It's pretty convenient if you want to go drinking in Old Town or you want to leave your car in shaded/covered hotel parking and walk around downtown.There are a few minuses that actually would have made me give the property a 3.5 star rating, but as we all know, Yelp doesn't offer that option.  First of all, good luck trying to get consistent cell service.  If you are on vacation, this is a gift.  If you are here on business, it could be a nightmare.  I literally paced the balconies looking for a signal to make calls and send texts on my first night there.  By my third and final day, I embraced the lack of service and turned off my phone. It ended up being kind of nice. I also had a terrible time getting a consistently strong Wi-Fi connection for my laptop, so I gave up and used the business center.  The business center was a sad little room, but the computers worked and so did their Internet connection, so it wasn't a huge issue.The $19 resort fee is excessive.  It wasn't a deal breaker for me, since I was staying here in August (my room rate was $52) but you don't get a lot for the fee (time on the tennis court, bike rentals, a newspaper M-F, and internet is pretty much the extent of it).  If it was me, I would keep the fee (they do have 24-hours pools, tennis courts, and tons of grounds to maintain) but I would lower it to $10.  They could probably get away with a $15 fee during the winter months, when there is more business.  I notice most of the complaints on Yelp are because of the resort fee, not the hotel service, so they could probably help themselves by lowering it.  While this isn't technically a negative, it is something you should be aware of, if you decide to use the shuttle. The bell desk can get busy during peak check-in times and isn't always able to pick you up right away.  You need to utilize the shuttle service during slow periods, be patient, or have a back-up plan, in case they can't /won't come get you.  I actually got stranded for a few hours until I was able to talk to a manager.Do not, under any circumstances, order room service.  There is a service charge of $3.25 AND a delivery charge of $3.00!  I've used room service many times before and usually the fee is $3 for room service; $6.25 is truly outrageous.  The room service fees were actually more than the meal I had delivered to the room.My final critique is regarding the breakfast buffet.  It's truly hit-or-miss.  You should avoid it, unless you can take the time to cruise what they have to offer that morning, before you sit down (they do give you that option).  It's $14 and includes unlimited juice (I think the juice was fresh squeezed), coffee, and trips to the buffet.  However, the buffet was disappointing because all the food was cold (either because the a/c was cranked up too high or the burners weren't working) and the choices were really limited.  The scrambled eggs were completely unappetizing. Based on the quality of the salad I had for dinner the night before, it's probably fair to say that my expectations were set too high.  Nevertheless, if I had to do it over again, I would completely skip the breakfast buffet altogether and stick to the Sunday brunch.In the end, if you are looking for a clean, scenic, convenient, and quiet place for work or pleasure, I would definitely recommend this hotel.  Just be patient when it comes to making phone calls or connecting to the internet, consider the resort fee a minor nuisance, and avoid the breakfast buffet!
5	Got a great deal online and loved the resort! Big beautiful room, tasty food and lounge with billiards, and a great pool area. Customer service was top notch! I'll definitely be coming back if I'm in the area.
3	Came here for a business conference for 3 days.  The rooms are up to date and clean (even the tubs).  The staff are courteous.  For a hotel to call themselves "resort", they are trying to categorized as 3 to 5 stars hotel, however it really annoys me when I a hotel guest forgot toothpaste, they charge $1.25 at the gift store, floss $2.50.  These are essentials that should be provided at housekeeping - we are not at a motel.
4	This review has to come with the disclaimer that I didn't have to pay for my stay (I was there for a conference and put up by my company/program), and thus perhaps my view of the resort is a bit rosier than it would have been if I was emptying my own pockets.That said, I definitely am a fan of this spot and feel like they did mostly everything right. The center itself is pretty darn good lookin' from the outside and boasts spacious rooms and numerous amenities on the inside (including HD flat screen televisions in every room). Some of the carpeting and fixtures do appear a bit dated/weathered in places, but overall I believe the property is well maintained. The conference rooms are large and located throughout the center. One of the on-site restaurants, Sangria's, is actually pretty solid with good and reasonably priced food (FYI the nachos are HUGE) and a full bar (including some local craft beers on draft). Sangria's also has four pool tables should you dabble in billiards. Similarly, the Vista Verde restaurant offers diverse and freshly prepared breakfast and lunch buffets. Along with the excellent food, all the staff I interacted with during my stay (from housecleaning to front desk staff to waiters) were pleasant and eager to address any concerns. For the fitness/health oriented, there is an on-site fitness center but more importantly (for this guy), the resort is located just next to McCormick Ranch Golf Club (which offers some excellent golf cart path running) and just down the road from a sweet greenway that provides the groundwork for some great running and biking. Convenient to both the Phoenix airport and downtown Scottsdale, this spot is solid all around!
5	Stunning entrance.  New interior.  Very nice pool area.  We would stay here again.
2	My husband got a Groupon deal for me to stay at this resort as this was my Xmas wish (a night by myself).The resort itself is dated but charming. The room was very spacious and clean. The bathroom was remodeled and pretty but the tub didn't drain properly. I suspect the plumbing in the building may  need to be redone.The Groupon had a $50 food credit voucher towards any food place in the premises (taxes and tips not included) so we decided to go to Sangria's Lounge for Happy Hour. Our drinks were fine but we ordered the garlic, red pepper hummus and we were extremely disappointed. The hummus was completely tasteless and it came with stale pita bread. When we inquired about the bread, we were told that they were "pita chips" but we know they weren't. Pita chips are crunchy. This was just plain hard pita bread. They offered to give us something else but we didn't wanna try anything else at that point.At night, I decided to order room service which is, obviously, overpriced but extremely convenient. The phone in their room, though, wasn't working so I had to use my cell phone to call the reception and have them transfer me to the room service department. They offered to have someone come and look at my phone (and change it) but I didn't feel like dealing with that at that point. Food arrived quickly and it was hot. It was served on a cute tray with a little flower. Pretty. The next morning, I decided to check out using their check out service on their bedroom TV and a couple of days ago I realized there was a $39 charge being added to my credit card and I didn't know why. I called yesterday and left a message and got no reply so  today I called several times to talk to someone in the accounting department because I was being charged $39 and I didn't know why. After 4 attempts and 3 voicemails, I was ready to give up and to dispute this transaction with my bank but they finally answered and they said the issue was that when you check out on their TVs from their rooms, the system doesn't figure out how to charge your food to your room so they were charging me for the room service I ordered and that they, unfortunately haven't figured out yet how to fix this issue. He was very nice and attentive and he apologized for the mistake.So, overall, the experience was alright, only. The Groupon deal cost $190 so I was expecting MORE for the price. Even with the $50 food voucher.  OK food, a phone not working properly, bad plumbing and the overcharge on my credit card will probably make me choose a different place to stay next time.
2	The grounds are beautiful but the room is a motel 6 quality.  I was put in the back in what they call a candida.  It was so small.  You could hear the guests next door talking coughing and other things I won't mention in case it's a kid reading this.The staff was friendly. It's just this old hallway and time room.  Eeeew
4	We stayed here on vacation and enjoyed our stay. Everything was very nice and clean. Loved the pool area. The rooms are a bit out of date but the resort overall was great!
4	After the bad experience during mt 1st stay at this hotel, the manager was kind enough to contact me to apologize and to offer a complimentary night based on availability so I booked for last Friday the 7th to celebrate my bday with my husband.We were given a very spacious room with a king size bed and were pleasantly surprised by a staff member knocking on the door to drop off a birthday card and a basket full of goodies as a birthday present for me.I loved this! I remember mentioning I specifically wanted March 7th because I wanted to celebrate my birthday but I didn't expect the manager to remember or to do anything special (other than offering a complimentary night which is already very nice to begin with). We didn't eat at the hotel so I can't give my opinion regarding food but the surroundings of the hotel at night are gorgeous. Tons of lights illuminate the trees and it was very nice to walk around. At night,  the fire pits offer the opportunity to sit by the fire and relax.Some of the premises were reserved for some type of conference so we couldn't check them all out but it looked like people were hanging out,  relaxed and having fun. In the morning we took advantage of the coupon for free coffee and had breakfast at the hotel. It was very nice to sit outside and to enjoy the morning breeze while drinking coffee and reading the complimentary paper that was left at our door. We also got a cheese Danish and it tasted deliciously fresh. All in all, my experience this time was much better.  Thanks for giving me the chance to stay there again!
2	Sitting out by the pool today and it sucked. I had to ask for a server, and then the one we got couldn't answer a single question about the menu. The food was horrible and took 45 minutes. Not pleased at all.
5	We just visited Scottsdale for Baseball Spring Training and have nothing but good things to say about our stay. Staff was extremely friendly, hotel was clean (newly remodeled?), a choice of pools and places to eat, able to get a rental car on site... We booked on Priceline, so we didn't get a king room as requested, but nonetheless, the room was nice (and I could use the second bed for my clothes - lol). We had a view of the golf course - ok. We hardly spent any time in the room, so no real complaint there. Had we, then maybe I'd be a bit unhappy, but it gets busy and so - whatever. Shower was great - the shower head was fantastic and able to get a good temp without burning myself... Maybe I have a bad shower at home, but I took a nice long shower and enjoyed every second of it.When we got in, we immediately went to check out the pool. The main one was quite busy - a nice social scene. People with coolers for their drinks. A nice bar by the big pool to sit and socialize. We decided to "Sangrias" to get a bite to eat & something to drink - very good happy hour deals. We took a drink out to the pool, ending up at the round pool - maybe for kids?? Shallow. It was nearing the end of the day so it was nice and quiet. Only a few others were there. We fell asleep in the sun - a nice start to the weekend. There are many nice restaurants just down Scottsdale Blvd., if you want to go out - which we did. Made a reservation for Flemings and took an U B E R ride down there... Cost us maybe $8 for uber x on the way there, but a bit more by the end of the night due to availability, $25 round trip... Definitely do-able. The next morning we got up and took a car to breakfast. Had I realized they had bikes for rent - I would have done this!! Oh well, next time. It turned out we needed a car - we were going more places than anticipated. I for sure thought I would be stuck paying some overpriced rate due to our location / not able to get a car... Well lucky me, I found out that Hertz will let you book a car on their mobile site and bring it right to you. A concierge member will do the contract / etc. I also had to take this car back to the airport, and was able to with NO issue whatsoever. The valet guy was great at helping us get this all arranged, holding the car & bringing the car for us... The daily rate was only $40... I should say that the staff is very friendly - constantly attending to you if needed (not too pushy / obnoxious, but if you look like you need help - they'll ask). Also, having drinks with my friend at the Sangrias, I returned to my room when we were done. Only to realize after that I had left an entire bag of my belongings (including my phone - hello!!). I immediately did find my iphone on my ipad and ran down to the bar. Freaking out asked if someone had turned in a phone, the waitress said no - so I frantically ran outside / looked where we were sitting. A very nice gentleman followed me and asked to look at the find my iphone - looking to see where the phone was... He helped me look for a bit and then checked with security - someone had turned in my entire bag. HELLO. Very nice stay overall... I would definitely go back here next time we are in town. Has a lot of amenities and everything in one place. A work conference would be nice here... Maybe not as "lux" for some when they think vacation... But I enjoyed (obviously).
1	Grounds are pretty, dated property. Therefore the greeting staff -- valet, bell men, front desk -- needs to be top notch: which they are not. No smiles, no warmth, impatient and unknowledgable when asked asked a basic question the street name parallel to the running/walking path.Get nice, people! There are many other resort options in the beautiful Valley of the Sun.
5	We had a fabulous wedding here in March !! Brittany, the wedding coordinator, the on site florist Kathy, they are angels ! Everything went so perfectly and the planning was a breeze ( even from all the way in California ). I can't wait to come back year after year for our Anniversary ! The pools, the food, the friendly faces and the beautiful landscaping make this truly a special resort among all the others in Scottsdale...and I have stayed in many! Can't recommend this resort enough for a wedding or just a relaxing get away .
1	If you decide to rent from hertz , go to the stand alone location on Scottsdale rd north of Mckellips. Avoid getting a car from this hotel location at all costs!!! I reserved a car and was supposed to pick it up at this hotel at 9 am... The hertz rep didn't get there until 11am... I kindly asked if I could get an upgrade or something for the 2 hr wait, and the rep tells me ( as he had the keys to the car on the desk already) that he would knock 30 off the price but could upgrade me for another 30 which would be a wash total price wise but I'd be getting a car with a sunroof, gps, yada yada... He pretends like he's fishing for other keys in his little pouch and then sneakingly grabbed the keys from the original car that were already on the desk and says "here you go"... I get to the lot and all I see is a little Toyota Carolla with a tiny sun roof and a gps from 2003! Mind you I originally rented an Altima or similar, and he gave me a compact!!! Since I was driving my family to San Diego, I decided to call the Mckellips location, told them what happened which they found shocking, and let me switch out the Carolla for a Fully loaded Maxima. They made up for the inconvenience... But I would never trust these hotel locations ESPECIALLY the Scottsdale Resort location. That guy there should be fired without question. Very shady.
4	We had a great time here. First of all the off season rate was amazing. Also the service was great. All the employees we came in contact with were fun and happy. How weird! The room was charming. Bed very comfortable. Loved the free Buffett breakfast and free bikes and tennis time!  Super happy with our experience here.
4	I have too say that I am very impressed with this resort.  I'm attending a conference and everything has been great.  The rooms are extremely spacious.  A little weird with the walk-thru closet to the bathroom,but there is two sinks and just a lot of room to fell very comfortable.  The food has been wonderful and our group has done a sports fan reception and a Wild West reception that I thought was great!  Valet is free and so is wifi.  It's 10 minutes from the the mall and about 30 minutes from PHX airport.  Overall, just a wonderful stay.,,.minus the 110 degree weather!  But, the staff is very friendly and do a great job accommodating our needs.
5	Great place! Decided last minute to book a room for the 4th of July. Decided to stay a 2nd night that it was so nice. Reasonably priced for a nice place. Wasn't overcrowded and kid friendly. Pool area is nice the staff at the front desk and valet are super friendly to deal with. Very happy that we decided to come. Went to the golf course area and watched fireworks a little far away but could see them pretty good. This is gonna be our new 4th of July spot moving forward every year. Seen some people whining about out dated decor. Decor goes very well with the surroundings not sure why the whining about it. All in all great job at the resort.
3	First time staying at the Scottsdale Resort and I have to say that overall it was a good experience. However, I was disappointed in the staff regarding the pool. A little boy decided to go #2 in his swim diaper and it came out all over in the pool. I kindly told the staff as I figured they'd like to know. Neither my wife or I got back in the pool expecting the staff to do something. Nothing happened. I find this unacceptable and disgusting. Other than this mishap the staff was great and the room exceptional.
3	We've stayed here a handful of time over the years and it's really a pretty nice place.  My biggest complaint is the distance to the self parking lot.  I suppose tipping the valet would have been more convenient but I guess I was feeling cheap last weekend!Beyond that I have no complaints although when we opted to extend our stay for one night we had to get new card keys but regretfully the front desk mistakenly gave us our original ones.  Our room (350) was nearly in Tempe so it was a long and inconvenient walk back to the front desk to get new keys.  I was not happy considering I had already schlepped a bunch of stuff up to the room with my wife.  She waiting outside our room in the hall while I made the round trip journey to the front desk and back.The room was very comfortable although it had two double beds instead of a king.  I'm disappointed that the front desk didn't ask for my preference before just assigning us a room.  I prefer a king bed.Compared to all the other Scottsdale resorts we've stayed at, this is NOT my favorite nor is it even in the top 5.  It's just "a-ok" and I wouldn't go out of my way to stay there unless it was assigned to me by Priceline again.  One final point of malcontent - the "resort fee" - another TWENTY BUCKS (plus tax = $23+) A DAY to use the pool, fitness center and wireless internet.  That increased the price of our room by about 30% and that's a lot.  I really dislike that Priceline does not disclose ahead of time which properties charge this outrageous and unavoidable tacked on cost.
4	My husband and I decided we needed a "stay-cation", and since many choose not to vacation in AZ in the summer (110+ degrees usually!), we got this room at a great deal.  They asked us for our floor and view preference, and gave us plenty of dining recommendations.  No complaints about the room; it was lovely, and the bedding was extremely comfortable.  They had limited TV stations, but that wasn't a big deal at all.  The pool area was gorgeous, and the hotel is placed in the middle of lakes, and golf courses, while being two streets away from a main road, with plenty of restaurants, and the nearby Scottsdale Fashion Square.  I would definitely stay here again.
5	This is truly a beautiful resort.  And the staff IS amazing.I am a local Scottsdale resident and this is one of my favorite hotels.My two favorite places in the hotel are the VIsta Sol Cafe for the best best coffee and the Palm Court for Sunday Brunch. JESSIE at the VISTA SOL CAFE  is absolutely delightful.  She always makes me smile.  And the Italian coffee is the best!!!!  Watch out Starbucks.SHERRY at the PALM COURT is the definition of customer service and style.  You feel so welcomed by SHERRY.  And the brunch is the BEST in the valley! !Customer service is most important.  THANKSKATHY SONNENBERG
1	Rudest staff imaginable, stayed here with a wedding party and were told they would keep bar/restaurant open till 2:00am since we were reserving over 10 rooms. We showed up and the bartender, I forget her name, but she had brown hair was the rudest person I have ever met! Asked her to make a whisky sour, she tells me she does not know what that is and she won't make it for me. Ridiculous! The manager came in around 11:00 and said everyone wanted to go home so they were closing early. We would not of stayed here if we were not assured of the restaurant being open till 2:00am. I will never ever stay here again, pathetic service and the staff should be ashamed!
5	First time here and absolutely loved it. It has a quaint atmosphere that the other scottsdale resorts are lacking. My favorite part was the free bike rental and a 7 mile bike path that starts at the golf course just outside. If you're looking for a huge pool with water slides and lots of restaurants this may not be for you but if you're looking for something smaller with lots of character and privacy this is perfect. Would highly recommend it for a romantic getaway, conference or wedding.  Two thumbs up and will definitely be back!
