4	Went to the Summerlin location for one of their pre-official-opening lunches, and ordered:+ Thai Peanut Chicken Sandwich+ Roasted Red Pepper Lobster Bisque+ Asiago Croutons (for the soup)+ Caramel BrownieThe high ceilings of the dining area make it seem larger than it is at first glance, but either the crowds or the table organization made it feel somewhat cramped. The Recharge Bar did not look like it was working yet.Typical orders consist of a soup, salad, sandwich, or their "Pick 2" combo. The Pick 2 combo affords you 2 of the following: 1 whole sandwich, 1/2 salad, or 1/2 soup. As you walk down the order counter, you can see their selection of salad, sandwich, and soup ingredients if you want to customize an existing order or make one from scratch. At the end of the counter is a very nice dessert rack filled with several types of creme brulee, cheesecake, and brownies.The staff was on the ball, and the speed of the line was dictated by the people ordering, not the people fulfilling the orders.The food was all delicious. The sandwich bread is a bit big, but the Thai chicken salad was sweet and flavorful, with strong peanut and greens (cilantro?) flavor. I loved the red pepper lobster bisque. The bisque hosted a small amount of shredded lobster, and the red pepper imparted a bit of spice to the soup. Quite hearty. The asiago croutons were somewhat bland and not really necessary for the soup; they're an optional add-on, so I'd say you probably don't need them unless you're a big fan of croutons. The caramel brownie was very sweet, very rich, and very heavy. Then again, when you order a caramel brownie that's pretty much what you'd expect, so they've succeeded there.Overall, Cafe Zupas is well worth visiting for the nice variety of tasty food. I definitely will be back to try out some of the other selections here.
5	Today is the first day they're open and I figured I'd try it out.  I am totally satisfied. I had a small, Pina Colada salad and I can still taste it.  I had a sample of the chicken enchilada soup and will be back for that.  I am pretty excited about a new place to eat that has SO MANY CHOICES it will be easy to keep coming back.
5	Since my original visit here, I've tried their Crab Avocado Melt Panini, Pesto Chicken Panini, Lobster Bisque, and Chicken Enchilada Chili.Both paninis were fantastic, with a great mix of textures and flavors, blending crispy crust with chewy fillings, savory meat with sweet accents.The Lobster Bisque I think suffers from too many chunks of "stuff" - carrots, tomatoes, celery, onion; it takes away from the lobster bisque as a whole, and I find the simplicity of the Roasted Red Pepper & Lobster Bisque to be superior.The Chicken Enchilada Chili is very flavorful, but also very heavy. A bit too heavy, personally, but very hearty as a result.Also, I don't know how I missed it before, but Cafe Zupas has a nice spice rack full of different hot sauces, right next to the condiments and beverages. That's always a nice thing to see.
5	Finally! My kind of place in Summerlin... Sandwiches, soups & salads and a great environment!  'Try 2 Combo' is a great way to get to know the variety of food they have (& what a variety!) I was given 'favorite' suggestions at the door by a very helpful employee...but went with my own choices - that were fabulous as well!  I red the turkey spinach artichoke sandwich (panini) and 1/2 salad choice was the red raspberry spinach. Both delicious! (though, my salad did not look like a 1/2 salad-but a full one...not complaining) Oh, all meals come with a complimentary chocolate covered strawberry!  Even though I had plenty of food...I ordered their caramel brownie...so worth it!  I will be back...& often! :)
4	great fresh food on fast food prices
5	I got a chance to check this place out the other day as, as for anyone who knows me, I love a good soup and sandwich.(No, seriously. I LOVE a good soup and sandwich.)The place is clean, fast, efficient, and modern.  I walked in and out feeling very impressed by how everything looked and was run.  Service was super nice and felt really welcoming.I had some red pepper/lobster soup, and a crab/avocado (real crab, not "krab") sandwich.  Everything tasted really fresh, and for the "half and half" combo, the serving made for a very pleasant meal.  They even offer soup samples to get a few for their excellent choices. Everything tasted fresh.  Even the berry salad that the Missus got was really tasty.  There are also a few nice bonuses such as Italian soda syrup for your beverages, and a chocolate covered strawberry as an added part of the meal.My only advice to this little place is simply: Don't change anything: The service, the quality, and food left me with a happy stomach on the way out, and I will gladly frequent here.  Even the price hovers around $10 a person, so I was happy.I will have to try the other options on the menu, but for a first time out, this was a great experience. Definitely recommended.
1	The food is just ok. Soup is ridiculously overpriced and not that great at $6 for a bowl.They offer syrups with the soda machine, but good luck making an italian soda because they won't give you half and half. I want to be clear, it's not that they don't have half and half, they do (I saw 6 gallons in the kitchen just from where I was standing in line) and they will not give it to you at any price. If they are unwilling to provide something so simple as a mere ounce of half and half when they have plenty, you can only imagine what else they won't do. I offered to pay for it and they still said I can't have any. They had the gall to suggest I should bring my own. Cause I've always wanted to be carrying around all the condiments I might need for the day. I've been trying to talk to somebody about this, but their management is impossible to reach.I just can't believe a company would spend so much money on marketing and then be completely unwilling to address a customer's concerns. So go ahead and try cafe zupas, and if you like it exactly how they serve it, good for you. Good luck if you want it "your way," their attitude is "eff you, go to Burger King."
4	Fast food Panera.  We were lured here with the mailers and promise of 50% off the entire check.  We had the crab soup, clam chowder, and tomato soup.  All were spot-on with flavors and not overly salty or watered down.  The Asian pork sandwich was a winner.  It had a hint of heat and the cilantro really brightened up the sandwich.  The Thai sandwich and the crab avocado were adequate and not terribly special.  We loved the idea of flavoring your own drinks with the syrups they had at the drink station but noticed you need a lot of squirts to really flavor the tea.  I like the option, though.  The ice-makers were having a hard time keeping up with the crowd, which, I assume, were just kinks from opening days of service.The staff was efficient and the management must be given kudos for moving the crowd along fairly quickly.  I don't suppose they will keep that many staff on hand in the coming weeks and months, so I will be curious to see if they can keep up with busy service.  I like that they have placards on the tables imploring customers to not save a seat as the tables turn over quickly.  Once you're done getting your food, it makes it easier to find a table fast.This place was slightly cheaper than Panera but without the comfort of one.  Still, I've been a little annoyed with paying Panera prices lately, so this is quite a decent alternative.  The food is comparable, and I will come back again soon.
4	Not all chains are created equal and this is a good example. On first glance it might seem just like Panera but as the folks at Cafe Zupas will tell you, everything made fresh, including the soups which are made from scratch on the premises daily. The food is a step up from the majority of fast-casual eateries. The Asian BBQ pork sandwich is reminiscent of a banh mi with its flavors and the size is great for the price ($7.99 for a whole sandwich and small soup combo). The lobster bisque was full of potatoes, vegetables, and other goodness but lacked lobster. I only counted two or three small chunks.The kid's menu was disappointing. While my kid liked the chicken strips (2 per order), they were rather small and unimpressive looking. The kid's meal requires them to choose 2 of the four options (chicken strips, soup, grilled cheese, or fruit) but they're not allowed to double up on a single item (like 2 orders of chicken). My kid didn't like the texture of the bread for the grilled cheese and I knew he wouldn't touch the soup or fruit. So, on future visits it looks like he'll only eat half of what we pay for. Desserts were highlights of the meal. The chocolate cake was plenty rich and we loved the different layers and textures of cream, cake, fudge, and crust. The chocolate hazelnut creme brulee was more like a pudding with it's creamy texture, but was good nonetheless. Each meal also comes with a chocolate covered strawberry.Prices are reasonable and the staff was friendly and informative. I just wish they had a greater selection of bread for sandwiches (especially for the kid's grilled cheese) and a more diverse kid's menu. Otherwise, it's a great option for a quick meal.
1	I was excited about this restaurant opening.  I couldn't wait to try the soups. What a disappointment. No flavor at all. I had Red pepper lobster soup and a chop salad. Poor quality and small portions.  The soup cup was less than 3/4 full. I also ordered  the Chicken Enchilada soup it was flavorless and lacked any Mexican spice. My friend ordered a Italian club panini and tomato basil soup. The panini was ok, nothing to make it great, but the soup was too sweet and had a funny taste to it. If these soups are made from scratch they really need to initiate a quality check program.  Definitely not going back to Cafe Zupa again.
4	I thought this place was pretty good. I walked in around 12:30pm on a Tuesday and it was slammed, however. I mean the line was almost out the door. Clearly a popular lunch spot. It was busy but the line moved very quickly and was super fluid. The combos seem to be where it's at. I ordered the Thai Mango Chicken Salad with the Tuscan White Bean soup. It was fulfilling and tasty! I couldn't have asked for a better meal. A little bonus, is that the meals come with a chocolate covered strawberry! Nice touch. The ambiance felt very much like a cafeteria or even like a food court in a mall. Really busy, but wasn't too distracting. I am not vegan, but have friends that are... I figured this would be a great place to take them because it's soups and salads... Unfortunately they don't have vegan options at this time!
2	Eh. Not too bad. Not great either. My wife and I weren't sure what to get, so we tried a few different things. Between us, we tried the Honey Bacon Club, which was decent. The Mediterranean Turkey was ok. And we tried just a regular turkey just sort of plain. They let us build our own sandwich for that one. We asked if they had brown mustard. They didn't know. One girl said it was 'kinda yellow'.  The other girl said 'we have balsamic dressing. That's brown'. Really?! Are you that dumb? I'm not a salad person, but some of their salads looked pretty intriguing. Their soups on the other hand, well although they are different, none of them looked appetizing at all. It's a shame because I was really in the mood for soup. Desserts were ok. Guess they forgot my chocolate-covered strawberries, and I was looking forward to those too. They get a star for the overly nice employees(even if they aren't the brightest bulb in the chandelier), and for their surprisingly soft ciabatta bread. My wife may want to come back. I really could care less.
4	A little hectic but worth it. Great quick bite on the go. We got the grilled cheese and Caesar salad sans the pollo.
4	If your looking for a delicious, reasonably healthy and inexpensive lunch then this is the place! They keep the menu pretty simple but with lots of options. You can have Soup, Sandwich, Salad or a combination of any. The selection comes in that there are probably a dozen versions of each. I'm generally a person who always orders the same thing anywhere I go. I like to stick with what I know I'll enjoy when I go out. Here at Zupas that's not the case, there's always 4 or 5 different things I want to try, so I'm usually trying something new or a new combination of something I like. Plus every meal comes with a chocolate covered strawberry which is a nice little treat. Unless you feel you can afford the calories (I usually can't) then there's about the best selection of gourmet style deserts you'll ever find in a sandwich shop!
1	My rating is based on their recent postcard mailing for the Lake Mead location.  Their grand opening offer was good August 1st-3rd, however, the postcard didn't arrive until Saturday and since we were out for several hours, didn't get the mail until too late to use it.  Whoever they used for marketing screwed up.  Our office has ordered lunch a few times from the Eastern location and it was great in the beginning but the last salad did not seem fresh or flavorful.  Since I live near the new Lake Mead location, I was hoping to see if it might be better and would have loved to use the offer since it was a good one.  But doesn't do residents much good if not mailed timely.  We get our mail everyday and it definitely was in the 8/3 mail, the last day of the offer.
5	I absolutely love Zupas.  There are only a couple issues; it's a little pricey, and the sandwiches are just ok.  Their salad is awesome, and their soups are unreal.  The combos are $7.99 and are plenty to fill you up. The complementary chocolate covered strawberry is just a bonus.  This place is awesome.  I recommend it to everyone.  Don't expect a cozy atmosphere, however.  It is always crowded, and very loud here. Here's a few tips; the nuts and berry salad is delicious and comes with ample GIANT fresh berries, and the mushroom bisque soup is ridiculously tasty, and I don't personally care for mushrooms.
5	I attempted Cafe Zupas on opening day and the line was so long out the door that I decided to wait. It was worth it! Cafe Zupas is kind of like Panera Bread, serving sandwiches, soups, salads and bakery stuff. The only thing different is Cafe Zupas is much fresher and tastier! When you first walk in they have large easy to read menu boards. You place your order telling them what you want on what, pay for your food and find a table where your food is brought out to you. They have a pretty good amount of seating offering tables as well booths. Sandwiches by themselves are $4.99 each, salads by themselves are $4.99 for the half size and $6.99 for the large size, soups are $3.99 for the half size and $5.99 for the large size.There is a  "Try 2 Combo" priced at $7.99 where you can pick from two of the following:- Whole Sandwich- Half Soup- Half Salad I ordered the "Honey Bacon Club" and "Summer Chicken Salad" from the try 2 combo. The portion size was great. The honey bacon club is a grilled panini with turkey, ham, bacon, tomatoes, muenster cheese and honey mustard. So good! I will order this one again for sure. The summer chicken salad has chicken, fresh strawberries, cashews, dried cranberries, grapes, mixed greens and strawberry vinaigrette dressing. The salad tasted to fresh and yummy! They have over a dozen salads to choose from so there is a nice variety to choose from each time. A really nice touch was the chocolate covered strawberry that came complimentary with my meal! Hubby got one with his too! Hubby ordered a "Wisconsin Cauliflower Soup" that was put of this world delicious! I ended up getting a spoon and sharing it with him it was just so good. The soup is whole heads of cauliflower blended together with cheddar and pepper jack cheese. Bacon was added for an additional 59 cents. Fresh bread also comes with the meal so it was nice to dip in the soup!So I saw a dessert in the case that called my name. It was the "Sinful 7 Chocolate Cake" priced at $4.49 and I got it to-go. This cake is any true chocolate lovers dream come true! It lives up to it's name and is sinfully good.The drink bar offers 16 different fountain drinks with free Italian Soda flavorings. If you have a device that needs some juice then you can take advantage if the recharge bar. They do offer catering, but if they offer online ordering I didn't see anything about it. There is a sign that says they do not take tips, but will gladly clean up your dishes (yep they use real dishes) and table when you are finished. The customer service was fantastic and the inside was very clean. I will be back!
5	This place is amazing.  Finally, I have found a place in veg as that serves some delicious soup and salad with fresh fish.  This is a muat go-to place once per week for lunch.
5	This place is awesome. I'd say sort of a mix between Panera and Subway (price point somewhere in between). They make everything in front of you so it's easy to make changes to what you'd like. I've tried a few of their salads (all very good) and have had the chicken enchilada soup which I love! Bread and a chocolate covered strawberry comes with any salad so it's really a decent amount of food. They have a combo option (half salad, half soup, half sandwich choices). Desserts are good too. Definitely a new favorite in my area.
5	The energy in this place is contagious! Very nice and tasteful interior! The staff are very helpful. The Clam Chowder soup is my favorite. The Turkey Cranberry Sandwich or TC is to die for. Came back to this place three times in 24 hours.
4	Our little dinner group - there were 4 of us - all said the same thing... so much better than Panera!  Fresh salad ingredients, a very good choice of soups, a clean restaurant and the delicious chocolate-covered strawberry made this our new choice for a nice lunch or dinner out.
4	Came to Cafe Zupas thanks to their colorful flyer in our mail toting 50% off your order during their grand opening!  I told the wifey & kids, "I know where we're going this weekend for a cheap lunch!"  And that was that.Upon arriving at the new Cafe Zupas location (next to that yummy Pinkbox Donuts), imagine my surprise...BUSY!  PACKED!  Line out the friggin' door and almost around the building.  Come on Zupas....thought that flyer was only meant for ME!?  Apparently not.  Half of Las Vegas was at Zupas on this lovely afternoon.  Probably waiting in anticipation for me to arrive.  But most likely not.  But...maybe.Cafe Zupas serves house-made soups, salads, and sandwiches.  I do like me a good sandwich.  This Utah chain boasts good food at good prices.  I'm happy to say the prices for their eats are more reasonable than aforementioned places like Panera Bread (got I hate going there for the mere fact everything is overpriced), and the now closed Atlanta Bread Company (which I kinda liked).  You know me, if it's cheap then I'm down.  But it's gotta taste at least somewhat good.The line for the day was long, but it went rather quickly.  Cafe Zupas is kinda like a cafeteria, order on down the line, pay at the end.  It was nice that everything looked fresh and not frozen, and your food wouldn't be made until you ordered it (unless it's a soup of course).  Very, very reasonable prices at Zupas, a large bowl of soup runs $6, a half order $4, sandwiches are $5 each, and salads run $7 for a large, a half for $5.  Desserts run for around $3 - $4 each, and there's a kid's meal combo for only $4.But the best deal on the menu is probably the Try 2 Combo for $8, and you get two choices of soup & salad, salad & sandwich, or sandwich & soup.  Your selections can be from anything on the menu.  Very nice if this is your first time to Cafe Zupas, gives you some options to try a bit of everything.  This is what our family stuck with, four of the Try 2 Combos.  We had:-New England Clam Chowder-Nuts About Berries Salad-MangoBerry Salad-Shanghai Chicken Salad-Crab Avocado Melt Panini-Asian BBQ Pork Sandwich-California Turkey Sandwich-Italian Club SandwichFood?  Not bad for a healthy lunch!  Salads were full of fresh fruits and veggies, especially the berry salad.  The crab panini was very good, grilled and gooey.  The big surprise though was the Asian BBQ pork sandwich, it tasted like a bahn mi!  If it was on French bread it would have been killer!  That is my main gripe about Cafe Zupas - no choice of bread.  All they have are ciabatta buns.  I love ciabatta buns but it depends what kind of filling is in between.  Ciabatta goes great with the Italian Club, the bun just sops up the fat lovely from meats like salami.  If Zupas had another choice of bread it would be stellar.  Maybe a ciabatta OR a French roll?  But I know you gotta keep food costs down.  Overall a great lunch.  Like how if you order soup you get a chunk of French bread for dipping, and with each order you get a chocolate covered strawberry.  Very chic, making me feel like I'm at some fancy bistro.  I did the corner of the vast array of hot sauces, I do enjoy a good kick!  I also like how Zupas serves Coca-Cola products!  Also very cool of them to have a section for Italian syrups so you can create your own Italian soda!  But guys, you need to have some cream or half & half on the side to complete this.I got away super CHEAP for lunch on grand opening.  With the 50% off special, for our orders, drinks, and a little dessert, the tab was just over $20!  We had some leftovers for later too.  That's cheaper than going to the local Buffet @ Asia.  Just too bad the 50% off wasn't everyday!  Not a bad deal even at regular price for this type of food and atmosphere.  Workers were very friendly and helpful, even on a super busy grand opening day.  I will probably be back here again for a cheap lunch when I'm thinking healthy.
5	So, I basically just left Cafe Zupas and I've never been more excited to write a review of a place as I am now. I wasn't planning on going anywhere since my original plan for lunch fell through the cracks. I got kidnapped and got taken here and I'm glad I gave this place a try finally since my cousin has been raving about this place.  I could compare this experience with when I first discovered Forever 21 during my Ralph Lauren Big Pony and True Religion phase. Wait wait wati! You mean something good doesn't have to be expensive?!We were walking in and we were greeted by Rae with her friendly smile. She asked us if it was our first time and she told us about the food and the ordering process which was very helpful. She said their best-sellers for soup are tomato basil, lobster bisque and chicken enchilada chili. Everyone at the counter taking our order, making our food and working the register were wonderful and friendly. Asian BBQ Pork Sandwich:Roasted Pork with cucumbers, carrots, cilantro, chili-lime spread and Korean BBQ sauce. I honestly wanted to try this but was expecting to get disappointed. Well, I'm disappointed about not being disappointed! The pork and the sweet BBQ sauce reminds me of the sweet filling of a Chinese BBQ pork bun. The cucumber, carrots, cilantro and chili-lime spread gave this sandwich a Vietnamese hint. 5/5Crab Avocado Melt:Crab salad, bacon, avocado, red onions, tomatoes, celery and muenster cheese. It sounds like there's too much going on with the crab, avocado and bacon and I hate celery but it's actually pretty good. 5/5Losbter Bisque:We had to fight over who's going to order this. But we decided on sharing. This is not the best lobster bisque I've ever had but considering the price of the meal and where I'm getting it from, it's absolutely good. 5/5Wild Mushroom Bisque:Crimini, button and shiitake mushrooms. I LOVE mushrooms and mushroom soup is one of my favorite comfort foods. Great flavor, texture and consistency. Not too watery and not too thick...just right. 5/5Chocolate-Dipped Strawberry:The strawberry I got was tart...and I seriously love tart fruits. Must be my lucky  day! This was free and anything good tastes even better when free. 5/5Salted Caramel Creme Brulee:As the name implies: creme brulee with salted caramel (on top). The caramel is extremely sweet and thick. We tried finishing this but just couldn't. 2/5Chocolate Hazelnut Creme Brulee:Don't expect this to taste like Nutella. This creamy dessert tastes like chocolate with a very mild hint of hazelnut and has candied hazelnut bits on top. It's only $3 though. 3/5I may have found my perfect spot for quick lunches.  $5 for a sandwich or half a salad, $3-10 for dessert, $8 for a combo (includes your choice of half a soup/ half a salad/ sandwich). You get a free chocolate-dipped strawberry if you order a salad/ sandwich. It's way better than fast-food burgers and whatever which I don't eat. Their desserts may not be the best but they're doing me a favor so I don't get fat!
3	Really have mixed opinions on this place, I have to say the soups are pretty tasty, and for people that complain about the price I am a firm believer you get what you pay for. Now why only 3 stars, well it has to go with the saying you get what you pay for. I had the Thai chicken Sandwhich, it was terrible. So much sauce and mayo not enough chicken, it was pretty much inedible. I will go back for nothing other that soup.
4	I love, love, love Cafe Zupas! It is the best soup, salad, sandwich lunch shop around in my opinion. The inside is bright and vibrant and there is a definite flow to ordering, but it is super easy once you figure it out. I love the pick 2 option because it allows me to try multiple things. So far I am absolutely in love with their Wisconsin Cauliflower soup, it is so rich and creamy. All soups come with a side of bread for dipping, which I love. I am also nuts about the Nuts About Berries salad, the cinnamon almonds are genius! I've also tried their pulled pork, Asian BBQ pork, and Turkey Bacon Avocado sandwiches. The sandwiches are not gourmet or the best sandwiches in the area, but they are pretty good, especially when they are coupled with soup and/or salad. To top everything off, everyone gets a chocolate covered strawberry with their meal! What?! How can this tiny gesture make me so happy? I don't know, but it does! I've heard great things about their other desserts, but haven't tried any yet. This is a fantastic lunch option any day of the week, except Sundays, because they are closed on Sundays.
4	My husband and I tried a different salad each and he had the Italian sandwich and I had the enchilada soup. We got a good sized piece of bread and a chocolate covered strawberry complimentary . Everything was really fresh and good, the salads were a little dry that is really the only complaint. Staff very friendly and helpful.
5	I absolutely LOVE this place!! I'm so happy that they opened up right in my neighborhood. It's my new go-to place when I want something healthy-ish. My personal favorites are: Nuts about berries salad, chicken pesto panini, and lobster bisque. I usually get the try 2 combo for $7.99, which is an amazing deal. I love how they always give chocolate-dipped strawberries and bread with every order. My only complaint is that they're not open on Sundays!! Boo!!! But whatevs. This place is awesome
4	I was in the neighborhood, was hungry and yelped up this little gem of a restaurant. Everyone here was nice and eager to assist. There was a women at the entrance giving suggestions, and there were a lot of people in the food making line who were more than happy to give me as many free soup samples as I wanted.I had the combo with tomato soup and the crab melt. Soup was delicious and if I didn't get the tomato, the other contender was the cauliflower. The melt was ok because it was made with Krab, not Crab. I guess I should have expected it with an $8 combo.In addition, they have device charging stations, Italian soda station and ample seating.I would definitely come back next time I'm in the area to have the cauliflower soup and honey club.
4	Legit deliciousness, y'all. Several Cafe Zupas have popped up around town. After a night of Vegas debauchery, I decided to get something chock full of nutrients. Walking in the place was super clean, but really didn't have ambience or a theme. There was plenty of seating with multiple 4 person tables and a few booths.Getting in line, I saw there was a pick 2 combo. There were selections of sandwiches, salads, and soups. I ordered the crab avocado panini and since it is getting cold out opted for some soup. There were so many soups to choose from, before I had to settle and pick one, I was given as many samples as I wanted. I fell in love, over and over, and decided on the chicken enchilada chili which was nothing like a traditional chili at all. It was divine and I need to get more of it in my life. The cauliflower soup was amazing as was the lobster bisque. I didn't order any, but they have a slew of fresh baked treats, a million dollar bar, s'mores brownies, cakes, and all sorts of treats that probably would have knocked my socks off. I paid for much lunch, then took the goods to go. Once I got hole, I saw that my order came with fresh baked bread and 2 chocolate covered strawberries. Nice AND delicious touch.Zupas was a pleasant surprise. Fast, casual, friendly service and axon fly fresh, wholesome food. The atmosphere on the actually restaurant isn't anything special, it is similar to Panera Bread, but not quite. I can't see myself ever dining in. I will however be taking my order to go. See you soon, Zupas!
4	I visited Zupas a few times in Utah many years ago, and it was so-so. However, this new Vegas Zupas has really freshened things up and expanded their menu. All the salads are super yummy (although the dressing is a little heavy-handed sometimes), most of the soups are addicting (try their chunky lobster bisque or creamy, Wisconsin cauliflower), and I really love their ultimate grilled cheese or chicken pesto sandwiches (anything with pesto!).I was very disappointed with the crab melt sandwich. To me, it was just gross, so I'd never get that again. Everything else I've had there is great, including the desserts. Gotta love the chocolate dipped strawberries that come with every meal.My two-year-old loves their chicken strips that come with a little side of fruit and bread. He's not really into food, but when we go to Zupas, he digs right in! Great place for kids.
4	The place has a surprisingly nice variety of soups, salads and sandwiches. Make sure you read all the ingredients though, my wife ordered her bbq chicken salad and it comes with olives which she hates. Seems like every salad there has black olives.We went with the "try two" deal. You get to choose two out of the sandwic, salad, or soup. Went with the mushroom soup and it was tasty. Salad was the chopped chicken and it was ok. Next time will go with sandwich and soup as all the sandwiches looked and sounded good. Good price for a nice selection. Something different from your normal fast food chain type food. We will be back!
4	I had their Red Rasspberry Spinach Salad, it was really good but they are a little stingy on toppings. I'll go again but maybe this time I will try a sandwich and half a salad.
1	So I try to place an order by phone and after 5 minutes of dealing with someone who did not know how to enter the order, I get passed off to another employee who tells me it will be faster if I just come in and wait in line.I guess they aren't interested in take out business.  Hopefully the management reads this and trains the employees on how to accept orders over the phone.
1	I've been here a few times. Once with my family, once with a friend, once alone and once with my sister. Every time I feel like I spent a bit too much. Also, I don't think I've ever left there feeling happy either. It's bright and noisy.  But then again, it is more of a family place. They do have their non-negotiable menu. It's simple, it's pretty and everything sounds good. They have their set up assembly line style. Ordering is easy. If you have any troubles, the employees in line will throw out a suggestion or two. I've tried the Crab Avocado Melt, the Turkey Bacon Avocado (I think you can tell that I like avocado) and the Asian BBQ Pork. The Crab and the Turkey were pretty good (they're paninis) but the Asian BBQ Pork is sticky and kind of a pain to eat. It is good, but I'm better off buying a Bahn Mi. Bahn Mis are usually cheaper too. I haven't tried their salads. They didn't seem interesting enough for me. Their soups are never hot, they're always this awkward warm temperature. I'm not sure if they could microwave them, but if I'm paying $7.99 for soup and a sandwich, I'd expect the food to be adequate. I've tried the Lobster Bisque which isn't bad. I've also had their Swiss Onion Soup that's a temporary item. It was good. Another thing is that their soup station was messy. I saw the assembly food line workers chatting amongst themselves, so I'm pretty sure they had time to at least wipe it down. With the $7.99 combo, it comes with a slice of cold bread loaf and a chocolate dipped strawberry. Sexy, huh?Yeah, I guess it could be sexy... Unless you think fruit bugs and leaves are sexy. (Not judging if you are!)The first issue I had with the strawberries is that there were leaves MELTED IN WITH THE CHOCOLATE. Honestly, how could you miss that?  How can you expect your customers to NOT notice it? Luckily that time, I brought it up and they switched it out. Easy. Done. I didn't even have to ask them to switch it out.Tonight was another story. After my sister ate her strawberries, she started freaking out because a bug that crawled out of the bag. It was a tiny bug. Like the kinds you find with the berries you didn't wash yet. First, I brought the bag to the cashier. I asked if they wash the berries or if they even inspect them or whatever. She's like, "Yeah, we wash them. Sorry about that." in the most "omg, it's late and I just want to get out of here. It's not my fault you have issues." attitude ever.  Didn't offer if I want to talk to the manager or anything. That was a problem for me. I'm like, "okay, thanks I guess."  I waited for a bit and waited until a busser came by. I told her what happened and she brought out Joe, the manager. Joe explained to me that it's corporate policy that the berries come pre-washed. He said the chocolate wouldn't stick to it otherwise. He then said they would keep an extra eye out when they inspect it in the morning. He offered another dessert or another strawberry, which was nice. We didn't take it, we were a bit grossed out by the bug. Yeah, I can say (with a lot of confidence) that we won't be returning there. Ever. Not even if you paid for my meal. If I wanted soup or anything like what they have, Panera Bread is down the street and Sweet Tomatoes isn't far from there either.  If you do go, just watch out for bugs!
5	My boyfriend and I happened to drive by Cafe Zupas one day and give it a try. How good was it? We went back again the next day, and we live about 25 minutes away.The Try 2 combo for $8 is probably your best bet with a choice of a full sandwich, a full salad, or a bowl (not cup) of soup. They have a big menu of options, or you can build your own (at least for the salads - maybe not the sandwiches). I've had about four different sandwiches, two salads, and tried four or five soups. It's all CRAZY good, and filling.Along with your order, you get a piece of french bread and a chocolate covered strawberry. LOVE IT. They have desserts, too, and they are also super good. The salted caramel creme brulee is my favorite, and it's good to combine with a brownie (ultimate fat kid status right here). Even the drink bar has flavored syrups to jazz up your soda or tea. On top of high quality, tasty food, the staff is really friendly. They're so nice, they make In & Out employees look like jerks, which says a lot. I've only been to the Lake Mead & Buffalo location (there's one also off Eastern), but with how good this place is, I'd imagine they're all on point. GO TO HERE!
5	The bessst Salads & Soups in Las Vegas! Very friendly service and a young man named Chris was very helpful and hard working!
4	3 1/2 stars, so far! I'm rounding up.First time here and it was pretty good! Tried the choice of 2 combo with the Honey Bacon Sandwich and Roasted Red Pepper Lobster Bisque. Sandwich was ok, nothing special, but the the soup was delicious! Wasn't super impressed with the sandwich because the ingredients were just average since they used standard lunch meat and bacon. The panini grilled ciabatta bread was the best part.I can't wait to try more of their soups. Their salad ingredients are vast and look very fresh so i'm sure the salads will be yummy as well. Definitely a great place for lunch or light eating!
1	I went to Zupas expecting to have a great meal. However, I went to dinner today and I was DISGUSTED by what I found in my soup. I placed a spoonful of soup into my mouth and realized I couldn't swallow it. I was chewing on what looked like a piece of paper. I reported the incident to the manager and he apologized by offering me dessert.  SERIOUSLY!!! I dont think after coming across an unnecessary ingredient in your soup would I consider eating anything else from this restaurant. I hope no one else has an incident like mine. FUTURE CUSTOMERS should inspect their food!!!
5	I love coming here! My sandwich is always perfect, the soup is flavorful and I love getting free chocolate covered strawberries and bread. The line moves very quick and they are well staffed. Definitely a must try!
5	So good, I've been back 3 times in 2 weeks!This is a great place for fresh, homemade soups.  They also serve a variety of delicious, crisp salads, savory sandwiches and absolutely decadent-looking desserts.  I've been strong and passed on the desserts each visit.  Soup, by far is some of the best you'll ever try.  They always add a seasonal soup to the menu.  They recently changed the Swiss Onion for an incredible Butternut Squash soup.  Seriously, I think its the best I've ever had.I love the Italian Soda bar.  You can mix your own.  WiFi stations are available.Cool place.  Great Service.  Great Prices.  Friendly & Diverse Staff.  Delicious Food!
5	Had the Chicken Pesto Sandwich, Mushroom Soup, Thai Mango Salad, Chicken Barbecue Salad and everything was really GOOD!!! The Mushroom Soup is probably one of the BEST soups I've had in my soup eating career. Service was great too and we appreciate the chocolate covered strawberry and the variety in flavored drinks. New favorite spot for a healthier fast food option!!! :)
5	We love this place. It is like a much better version of Panera Bread Co. There you leave hungry, here you leave full.  Love the combos. My favorite is the pulled pork and today I got the chicken enchilada chili soup.  It was really good.What makes it even better is the staff.  I have been there 5 times and each and every time the people working there were great.  And it wasn't as if it seemed forced.  All the people seem to genuinely enjoy working there.  From the people taking orders, to the people cleaning up, to the lady cleaning tables.  Even the girl at the front door explaining things to new customers 1000 times seemed liked she was having a blast.  For the overall experience, I think it is the best quick bite place in Vegas
3	Betrayed my beloved Panera for a visit to Zupas the other day.   It was tough to do because I enjoy the combos of soups, sandwiches, and salads so much at Panera that it was hard for me to picture anything being better.   Well that and the fact that if I greeted her with another cafe's breadcrumbs on my face and my odor being that of Wisconsin Cauliflower soup, well she might not ever take me back.The decor and ambiance were pretty lacking here in my opinion, and it didn't scream warm and inviting in the least, but rather cold and factory like.  A helpful employee instructed myself and a coworker on the ordering process and we went down the assembly line making our choices.   I found it a little chaotic as a first-timer but I'm sure it would improve with each visit and especially once you find that sweet spot of your favorite order.  An example of the chaos was that by the time we reached the cashier, my friend was in front and only half his order was on his tray, while mine was behind his fully completed.  The staff did a great job in getting it all straightened out and perhaps there wasnt an issue to begin with, but I prefer a seamless ordering experience and felt this one was slightly rushed and not as anal as I might like.   Patient, warm and anal is perfection for me in a cafe.   Get your mind out the gutter.   For food I went with the Tuscan White Bean and Veggie soup and the Thai Peanut Chicken sandwich.  I wasnt into the soup at all.   It just seemed flat and lifeless, though I should have probably realized that from the description on the website:  "A light, vegetarian soup loaded with lots of vegetables & delicious white beans."   Why did I even order this is a question I cannot answer at the moment.  It also wasn't as hot as I like my soup to be.   Would not recommend that.   The sandwich was good.  It had a nice balance of sweet and tangy from the Peanut and Chili sauces, and the chicken tasted fresh and had a nice flavor.  The crunch from the cucumbers and pickled carrots was also welcome and slowly helped me forget how bad the soup was.Overall it was a decent experience and meal, especially considering the price $7.99 for the sandwich and a half soup/salad.   It's not enough to have me leave Panera permanently, which shouldn't come as a surprise, and after some thorough mouthwashing she was none  the wiser to my momentary indiscretion.
5	Cafe Zupas is pretty much the whole package. A wide variety of delicious soups, sandwiches, salads, and desserts. Everything is really good and very reasonably priced. You can tell that they used high quality ingredients since the food tastes gourmet for being a fast casual place.
5	After driving by for 3 weeks we stopped in for lunch today. It was a very pleasant surprise. This place is just the right combination of clean,fresh and friendly. The food had great flavor! I had the tomato basil soup, which is to die for. A perfect blend. They must have the Seinfeld soup nazi hidden in the back making this stuff. It is that good. The chicken pesto sandwich could have been better if they used a chicken breast covered in pesto sauce instead of chicken salad. The sandwich wasn't bad it just could have been better. My wife loved her grilled cheese. We both got the combo deal and she got a salad with the berries in it. We shared all of the items. The salad was great. It was fresh and the dressing was light. The berries were just right, not too many and not too few. It was fresh cut and very flavorful. All of the food had great flavor. We arrived at 11:45 and the parking lot was almost full. We were able to order quickly for our first time. The food was made quickly and the price was a real bargain. This was an excellent value. Portion size was very good and I left full. We were there about 20 minutes and when we left the line was out the door. It won't be long until this place is discovered and then the wait will be long. This is a great intersection of healthy eating, great taste and low cost - with a good portion size. I will be back and be back frequently. The variety of menu choices are a little overwhelming for the first time customer. I would suggest trying various soup samples before ordering the soup. Everyone I tried was great! I don't often write reviews, but this place is really special.
5	Tried it for the first time tonight. Sweet girl employee opened the door and welcomed us in. I love that they had personal menus to look at so you're not standing at the front line still deciding what to order. The first employee at the counter takes your sandwich order which i gave her my entire order, but she kindly directed me to the next gentleman to order the soup. I felt like it was great customer service! I ordered Turkey Bacon Avocado Panini with a New England Clam Chowder. The Panini looked like it was lacking 'Umph' but the taste was great. The soup was so tasty! It was the perfect amount of pepper and creamy consistency. It also comes with side bread slice and chocolate covered strawberry. I say totally worth it.
2	I really wanted to like this place. It has so much potential, and the service is always fast and friendly, if a bit disorganized. However I have gone three times and was disappointed with the food each visit. First time I got the Tuscan bean soup. It was so salty it wasn't even edible, and I love salt. Second time I got the tomato soup and the Thai Chicken sandwich. Again, the soup was so salty I couldn't finish it. I asked my husband to try it, thinking it must be me, but no. The chicken sandwich was ok, but the chicken was prepared like chicken salad and had way too much dressing. Finally, I tried the veggie sandwich and it was decent, but nothing interesting. The tortilla soup was another salt bomb, neither I nor a friend could eat it. Perhaps their salads are good but I won't be returning to find out.
4	Everything is fresh ... Wasn't a fan of their cold ciabatta sandwich bread . Maybe next time I'll try a panini.
4	Tried this place for the first time yesterday. As soon as we walked in we were greeted and asked if we had any questions. The recommendations were great as my wife and I tried the BBQ chicken salad, pulled pork sandwich and the honey bacon panini. All were great and we will definitely be back.
4	Question, who doesn't want to chow down on yummy Seattle Salmon Chowder? Answer, This girl! Of course being from Seattle, I have high expectations as to what a Salmon Chowder should be, and although this chowder didn't quite meet my standards, it could have been a lot worse! My salad was great though, and I got both the soup and salad in a combo for just $7.99 and it included bread and a chocolate covered strawberry! You can't beat that price! The Cherry Coke wasn't working but they made up for it with a syrup bar where you can flavor your soda with whatever flavor you want, so that made up for not having Cherry Coke. The resturant was also very clean and the staff very friendly!
3	So after reading the Yelp reviews I had my expectations set for Nordstrom's Cafe - not quite there, although cheaper, but better than Panera. I liked the selection of sandwiches and soups offered but the food was mediocre. I had the lobster bisque and crab avocado melt. The lobster bisque was 'meh'... a thick flour roux base reminiscent of what you would expect from clam chowder at a street vendor in San Franscisco. Not a huge lobster flavor and not refined by any means.  The crab avacado melt had the potential to be very good, I mean crab and avacado how can you go wrong, but the bacon overpowered the delicate flavor of the crab. I love bacon, but this was not the time nor the place for bacon to bully it's way in. Other than that the sandwich was good for the price. This place was packed with the lunch crowd, there was a line out the door. The restaurant had a very cafeteria like feel to it, and it was very loud, again the acoustics left something to be desired.
5	Fast and friendly service. They even clean your table for you! I'll recommend this place to everyone I know!
5	Puts Panera to absolute shame. More flavor, variety, and unique soups. After eating here, I'm fairly certain that Panera serves diarrhea.
3	first time here but it was pretty decent. the salad i ate was a little plain and i wouldn't but it a second time. the food here just seemed too...sweet. well, at least for my liking. this place looks like a wanna be panera. but, the customer service here was great & it has a friendly atmosphere.
1	I really want to like this place because some of my favorite foods are soups, and salads, and sandwiches! But, (and that's a big but)....I had a bad overall experience there tonight. We tried to take our family through the order line, but it was just too chaotic with all of the different options. They screwed up two out of the four kids meals and one had to wait for her food for nearly ten minutes after we had started eating. The staff seemed overwhelmed and let other people through the line in front of us. Also, the staff were getting after each other because there were a couple of other large groups all together and orders weren't being put together correctly. I hate to see this kind of stuff going on when I am out to dinner.The Food: To me, most of the soups taste similarly....not like they are bad, but it really seems like they are all based on the same cream base with just a different theme. Also, the salads all seem very similar. Greens, berries, nuts, etc-just different nationalities assigned to each one. Not bad at all, but they are all just different green salads. Sandwiches: The first time I went there (sans kids) I got a pesto chicken panini and it was good-that's it.There are a lot of problems with the ordering line. Just getting through the hassle of the line is bad enough, but my kids' food was not right (I think they actually screwed up my order about five different ways), they added some else's order to my bill and then some lady came up to the register and totally interrupted
4	Nice greeting and suggestions at the door especially for the first time visit.  Her recommendation of nuts berries salad was great along with my choice of sandwiches which was ham bacon cheese sandwich. Place is nice and clean and we had outdoor table on a very nice weather relaxing day.The only thing I would suggest is that if it they can hire enough people to clean up the tables or pick up food trays people left behind especially outdoor.
4	a great quick spot to grab a sandwich and a salad.they let you sample any of the soups which is quite a menuI think it was very reasonably priced and they even throw in a freechocolate covered strawberryyou cant beat that for a quick lunch spot
4	The food was very good and the portions were huge! I thought for sure my eyes were bigger than my stomach, but I managed to clean my plate. For a soup/salad/sandwich place, I was a little annoyed there weren't more vegetarian options, but I did try the Vermont Maple Blueberry salad. It was pretty sweet and felt a little like I was eating dessert. :) I got the salad/sandwich combo and tried the Vegetarian sandwich. It was very tasty with lots of veggies.We went during the lunch rush, and the line was very long and didn't seem to move very fast. The dining area was pretty loud - much louder than I expected. There is a small outdoor seating area, but nothing large enough for our group of 7.
5	Great food. We needed a quick lunch and my mom said this was a good spot. Boy was she right!  Terrific variety of salads, with made to order custom or several suggested menu salads.  The best deal is the small salad an soup or sandwich combo. They throw in a slice of baguette and a chocolate covered strawberry!  The fountain drinks include an array of flavor syrups you can add and free refills. Seating areas are spacious, attractive clean and comfortable. Staff are super friendly and keep the place humming efficiently. Awesome spot!
5	This place is perfect for lunch, great selections of soup, salads, and sandwiches, They also offer an option of making your own salad which i love. A combo will cost around $8-$10 and trust me the portions are big so its more than enough. Every order comes with a complimentary chocolate cover strawberry and a slice a bread. I am usually a Souplantation/Sweet Tomatoes person but Zupas definitely has more variety
5	Always busy, so be ready for a line! They have a terrific combination of sandwiches, soups, and salads. Very affordable as well. We've been here a couple of times now with every visit being spectacular.
5	I love Zupas! My man told me all about it (he's from Utah), and I told him that they've just opened one here. He told me to go give it a try because their food is delish, and I did! I always get their salad and sandwich combo with a chocolate-covered strawberry (Thai Mango salad with Asian BBQ Pork sandwich). Their price is VERY affordable! It's a big serving of food all under $10! And it all tastes very fresh. I'm just glad that they have a little taste of Utah here in Vegas since I looooove the restaurants over there (the ones that Vegas doesn't have)! DEFINITELY coming back!
4	Soups and sandwiches are some of my favorite foods. I've been here once during the lunch day rush. I ordered the tomato basil soup and the pesto grilled cheese (tomato soup and grilled cheese is one of my all-time favorites). I liked it; it was a more grown up twist on my childhood favorite meal. The rocky road brownie is quite delicious. The chocolate covered strawberries are a nice touch.
5	Great fresh sandwiches, salads and soups!! Love the mushroom bisque!! My sister had the tomato basil soup very good! My son loved his kids grilled cheese and fruit cup. My husband and sister both had the turkey, bacon avacado panini my sister said it was great considering she doesnt like hot sandwiches so thats saying a lot! With every combo meal you get a chocolate covered strawberry!! We took a large lobster bisque home which was also awesome too! They have a drink station there where you can add flavorings to your tea or whatever you like they even have screens around the place showing you how the make their soups and sandwiches all fresh ingredients and made there everyday! We'll definitely be back!!!
5	Great food wonderful service and the people who make your food explain everything to you while you order there was someone to greet you at the door and answered any questions we had. I will definitely come back.
5	I really enjoyed my food & the new items I tried. This place is the bees knees his back & his arms. I found this place by looking on yelp. I took a chance & bam I'm here. The soups & desserts are so wonderful. Should u stop in you will be glad u did. And they won't let u tip them. But they are very professional.
5	This place is incredible. Get the Asian BBQ sandwich and the Cauliflower soup. They are excellent. The staff is so friendly and the place is so clean! I could go on and on...only positive comments for this place.
3	The Skinny: similar to Panera bread, this joint features overly sweet food and not that great bread (3) service: good, counter service, nothing special (3) value: it's okay, nothing special.The hubs dragged me here to try out this joint.We each ordered a combo - I ordered the Chinese chicken salad with tomato soup and the hubs ordered a half sammy with the cream of mushroom soup. Each combo comes with a huge hunk of generic tasting sourdough bread that is pretty unappetizing and stone cold. Oyster crackers are available for the soup. My Chinese chicken salad tasted alright - it wasn't anything special. They were really light on the amount of protein served in this chicken salad. I tried the tomato soup which was really really sweet. I don't think I would order that again.The hubs ordered the Asian BBQ pork sandwich which was again too sweet and overly sauced. The filling is minimal and the bread is really nothing special. I kind of don't like the bread - the weird overly doughy firm bread is not to my taste. Call me crazy but I think I prefer the yoga-mat chemical laced Subway bread better than the bread they use here. It really isn't all that.I think the chocolate strawberry was the best thing that came with our meals.The cool thing that they do have here is the different Italian syrups in their beverage station so you can customize your drink into something new. That is really cool.Given the quality of their product, I'm not sure if I need a repeat experience. I really wanted to love it, but their food is too sweet and I'm not really a fan of their bread. If there was no where else to go and I was in the middle of nowhere, yeah, I'd give this place another shot. However being located next to all these other great little eateries, I think I'll pass on this joint. 3 starred review.
2	Food is just ok. The mango berry salad is the best. There's a combo you can get that is a sandwich or half salad or half soup. You pick two. But this "combo" does NOT come with either a drink or chips. As for the service there's so many employees and they're all yelling out different things at the same time making it a very confusing and overwhelming experience while ordering. Go to panera bread for better food and better experience.
5	Good food, ALL SUPER FRESH.. I enjoyed it. Place is very busy.. so the noise is not so good in their. Service is friendly.  Go with Gumbo Soup, Alvacado Crab Sandwich.. Yummmmmmmy and dont forget the Brownies :) smiles
5	This spot catered an event at my work, so I can't imagine how much better it would be at the restaurant. I had the turkey, avocado, bacon tomato, on chabatta bread, with honey mustard spread. It's a basic sandwich but tasted amazing. My side salad was red, blue, and strawberries with Carmelized nuts and a sweet sauce. To top it off, one white chocolate chip cookie half dipped in chocolate- I'm not a huge fan of chocolate and yet this cookie was deliciously satisfying. I can't wait to try them again!!!
2	If you're willing to deal with the staff's incompetence, then maybe the food is worth it.  It is always an ordeal when you get to the end of the line and the cashiers are trying to figure out what you ordered, and the line is always held up.  They aren't organized at all, and that is their biggest problem.
4	Amazing food for reasonable price!!  I had the soup and Sammie combo.  Crab avocado melt panini with wild mushroom bisque soup.  They let you try any of their soups....the lobster bisque and clam chowder were really good too.  I'll definitely be back!
5	The $7.99 deal is the best part about this place. Gives me a reason to try everything on their menu. Service is quick and food is comparable to Panera. My favorite sammie so far is the Asian BBQ Pork Sandwich with their Shanghai Chicken Salad. Can't wait to try the rest of their guilt free menu.
4	Food:  I ordered the veggie sandwich, which came fully loaded with tons of fresh veggies, served on a really good french roll.  I had absolutely no complaints about the sandwich.  I ordered a custom salad, which was awesome; because I made it!  Overall, the food is good quality, simple, made fresh, and tastes fresh.Ambiance:  It's your average, modern, trendy design.  Comfortable, clean, and spacious.  The tables have plenty of room between you and other diners.  Outdoor seating is a nice option.Price:  Reasonable.Service:  Self service for the most part; friendly staff.
4	I had never heard of this place until a co-worker mentioned it a couple of weeks ago. I have been twice since. The pick two combo comes with a full sandwich and either soup or salad. Every meal includes a chocolate dipped strawberry. The staff is as friendly as they come and gets through a long line of lunch goers in a hurry. Your lunch will run you about ten bucks, with a beverage, if you opt for the combo. Their variety of sandwiches, soups and salads is sure to include something for everyone. You order and pay at the counter so there is no problem splitting the check or waiting around for the check if you are one of those who has a boss watching the clock to make sure you don't take an extra minute during your lunch break.
5	The soup! Love the soup.  I was very excited that they opened restaurants in Vegas.  Each time we visited family in Utah, we made a priority of eating here at least once each trip. Now I get to drive a few miles to eat the same great food.  I have several coworkers hooked on this place now.  Try it out, you'll love it.
5	I am absolutely OBSESSED with this place since the day it opened. This location is closer to me but I'm visited the eastern location plenty of time. Both locations offer superb customer service and great tasting, fresh food. It's like a Panera bread but better due to their better quality food, better tasting flavor, bigger portion sizes, and affordable pricing. Every staff member you come across is so friendly and their restaurant is always clean. My 8 yr. old loves eating here as well, especially because of their complimentary chocolate-covered strawberry with every meal and yummy tasting desserts. Plus they have internet access and charging stations! Give this place a try! You won't regret it.
4	I have had this placed bookmarked on Yelp for several weeks now.  Finally while my family were in the area and craving something different from our usual spots.  I said let's give this place a try and they agreed.  I was expecting a quaint little mom and pop style cafe, boy was I wrong.  I was  surprised to see how large  and full of energy this place was even though it was a Saturday afternoon.  We were greeted and shown menu's and the host even explained there combo special which seemed like a fair deal. The Two fer was any combo of sandwich, salad and soup.  Perfect! for me this way I could explore the menu and have a great lunch to carry us through our eventful day off from work. The setup was a little overwhelming being my first time but one or two more times and I should be a pro.  Once we started ordering things really started to move fast. Several team members were asking what we wanted and herding us through the line like cattle going to off slaughter, then BOOM!! We were at the cashier and paying for our food before we knew what happened.  We were a little confused as to what just occured.As we sat down tasting our food everything was hot, fresh, and made from quality ingredients.  The food was very flavorful and while reading the menu and other things around the restaurant the food was also sourced locally (Utah and California). My entire family enjoyed their meal and I am sure we will be back to try the many variety of soups ,salads and sandwiches.  Oh yeah I almost forgot to mention they give you a chocolate covered strawberry for dessert. Yumm!
4	This restaurant is the best bargain on a soup and salad (or sandwich) in town.  The sandwiches are whole ones like paninis and other hot and cold sandwiches.  You can make your own salad or pick and substitute ingredients in one of their menu salads.  This is fast food at its best.  I like the grilled cheese panini, barbeque chicken salad and most soups except the creamy ones.  Service is like a school lunch line up and you may need to check to see that you got what you ordered.  They also have good desserts, beverages and take out.
5	I love this place!!!! Chic decor, good for families and fast service! I enjoy coming here whenever I feel like eating healthy/ low calorie items.  I can't never make up my mind if i want soup or salad, but here I dont have to think too hard as They offer combos for about $7-$8 dollars in which you can pick salad and soup, salad and half sandwich or any combination of the above. I would recommend the summer salad and the creamy soups (lobster bisque, Wisconsin cream, potato soup) .. But truly the best part of this place is...... The complementary strawberry covered in chocolate!!
4	This was my first visit and all I can really say is yummy! there is a great variety for the cost. friendly and honest employees too!
3	The food tastes good, but I am trying to eat healthy and I found the protein to be skimpy and there is only white carbs to choose from.
4	When greeted by a staffer to 'explain the menu' I thought, this is going to be bad, I mean, I've been in hundreds of eating establishments, you order what you want to eat, right? Turns out the guy was just being helpful, pointing out the popular choices and what your meal options are. Easy enough, Thanks man, well done.I'm off to order my sandwich soup combo, which was tasty. I got the turkey avocado and the lobster bisque soup. Very tasty. Very light (read: not huge portions) but fresh and tasty.The restaurant was a little loud (people noise) and the temp was pretty chilly but overall I had a good experience.
5	First time here and I can't believe I'm saying this... but I love this more than Panera Bread (and I'm a big fan)! the layout is so simple. First, you enter the line and you order sandwiches, paninis or a salad with the first person, you roll over to the next and you order your soups. They have an amazing array of soups & it was delicious! Then, there's the desserts last and then the cashier. The food is so simple and so quick. It comes out right away! I ordered a half (a panini and soup) and it was less than $10! At the end, they give you a chocolate covered strawberry and bread. Knowing me... I'm a sucker for chocolate covered anything and that just put the cherry to my sundae! I'm definitely coming back and trying their salad next time.My order:Turkey Spinach Artichoke panini- I love how quick it was made since I was rushing but I wish there was a little bit more artichoke!Rate: 4/5Lobster Bisque- mmm so creamy!!Rate: 5/5Chocolate covered strawberry & bread: complimentary with the meal!Rate: 5/5I can't wait to eat here again!
5	Delicious. Fresh.  Very reasonably priced.  I cannot say enough about this place!!!  The lobster bisque has to be the most deliciousness I have ever tasted. The BBQ pork sandwich was absolutely delightful. Sweet and tangy and the meat was so tender. The ciabatta bun was the softest I've ever had. The turkey sandwich with cranberry was fantastic. Ending the meal with a chocolate strawberry?  Yes please!!! Very friendly staff. Asked if I would like any recommendations without being pushy. Very helpful staff !!!  I have found my new favorite place!!!!
4	Perfect place to go to right after the gym. This place reminds me of Panera but way better.All they have on their menu is soups, salads, sandwiches & few desserts. All look really delicious and somewhat on the healthier side. If you wanted you can choose to get a full sandwich w/ soup, sandwich w/ salad, or salad w/ soup for about $8. Which is a pretty darn good deal.I opted for the crab avocado panini with roasted red pepper lobster bisque. I love lobster & I love crab so I was one happy little girl! The meal was the perfect portion. The lobster bisque was delicious and I couldn't get enough of it. They even throw in a complementary chocolate covered strawberry! I mean, who does that!?Pretty impressed with this place. Can't wait to return and try the salads, they looked really good.
3	I wanted this place to be better than it was. It has so much promise. Soup, salads, sandwiches. Their little desserts are so tantalizing. But, it was just so boring. I got the California chicken sandwich and it didn't taste like much of anything. The minestrone was a miss. The little pudding cup (salted caramel?) was so overly sweet and sugary. The salad had nuts and strawberries and it was good but over dressed. The grilled cheese sandwich was the only thing that was really tasty. Like I said, I really wanted to like it. Maybe I just got the wrong things. I will try again soon.
3	Four stars for fresh and flavorful food and healthy marketing.Two stars for lack of availability of nutritional information- from a widespread chain that should have this information readily available.I'm on a health kick and have had this place bookmarked for a while. This location is close to my work, and I viewed their online menu to make my selections prior to going. I track calories and ran into extreme difficulty trying to get any info at all on this- none on their company website, a few dishes with info around the web, but all with unusually high numbers considering the dish descriptions.Ultimately opted for the crab avocado melt sandwich combo with the cup of mushroom bisque- love how you can sample soups before ordering. Considering I got info that the particular sandwich was nearly 900 calories, I only ate half.Appreciated the gesture of including a slice of bread and a chocolate-dipped strawberry dessert with my combo, which was well-priced at under $9 with tax and did not ask for a tip on the receipt.Food was tasty, but sandwich was underwhelming considering the calories I was lead to believe I was "paying" for it. Soup was damn delicious though. Would go back for a soup and salad combo.Seriously though- make your nutritional information available online and in stores (even if it's a brochure behind the counter by request!). Given the number of food allergies and the healthy image projected here, this should be expected.
1	Hmmmm. You stand in line to order: first the salad stuff even if you aren't getting a salad, then the soups (and order your sandwich) and then the desserts, oh, yes, and then you pay AND wait for your order. Water? Spoons? Napkins? in yet another area. Tables so close together that it's difficult to walk thru w/ a (very full) tray. Warning, spoiler: the CRAB in the crab sandwich is actually the imitation stuff (you know-Krab). The lobster in the two "lobster" soups? You guessed it. I think they may, however, wave a real lobster over the pot. The soup I got was tasty, but not hot enough. One of the other people in our group actually had her soup exchanged for something else because it was neither hot nor tasty. Thumbs up for the exchange. Each order comes with a strawberry dipped in chocolate. Howz 'bouts dumping the strawberry and work on the quality of the food. Problem areas include no area for wheel chairs or even someone on crutches, and, even scarier, a very small sign pretty much saying that you might have an allergy problem but it isn't their fault because they warned you there might be "cross contamination" of foods.
1	WILL NOT BE COMING HERE EVER AGAIN!!!!!I have a major peanut allergy and after I had the pina colada salad I had symptoms of my allergies. Looking back, I tasted something "peanutty", but thought it might just all be in my head and had hope that they would be extremely cautious with the peanuts and not mistakenly use the same scooper, or wouldn't mistake the peanuts for the toasted coconut shreds, but right after eating a few bites I immediately started having sharp stomach pains, and my mouth was feeling tingly like I had just eaten a peanut!!!!!! Lost all respect for Zupas! They need to be more careful especially since peanut allergies are very common.
5	If you want a great fast lunch experience come here. So many great choices for soups salads and sandwiches and the service is amazing. They must have so many people on staff because there's 50 people helping you through the line. Also they give you a chocolate covered strawberry with your meal. Love that! Wish there were more locations in vegas! Best service ever. Especially for a busy lunch place!
2	No comparison to Panera!!!! Salad is a bowl of lettuce and hardly any toppings! The best part of my meal was the oyster crackers!!!
3	Uncooked tofu ...who eats that?  No wonder vegetarian food has a bad name.We visited this location twice, the first time I left reasonably happy due to the complimentary chocolate-covered strawberries,  friendly staff, and fresh, vibrant produce. I appreciated the build-my-own salad, but got a bit frustrated when I was told 'no substitutions' on the sandwiches.  I fail to understand why I can't modify the ingredients on a sandwich that is being made fresh in front of me?? Enough! I no longer see the real upside to Cafe Zupa.  I won't avoid it but won't make a point to go back.  By the way, maybe consulting a vegetarian or chef who is familiar with the product would help make you create a tofu option that  is a delicious choice.
5	Been here a few times now and have always had the same great experience. They have sandwiches, salads, soups, and desserts a la carte or you can opt for a combo which includes 2 of the following: whole sandwich, half soup, or half salad. I typically opt for a combo with a sandwich and salad, but it's always hard for me to decide because there's quite a laundry list of options. I've tried getting something different each time and so far my favorite salad is the BBQ chicken and all the sandwiches I've had are so good I wouldn't be able to choose a favorite...the turkey bacon avocado or ham bacon club are pretty tasty though.No matter what you order every meal includes a chocolate dipped strawberry and slice of french bread on the side. They also have desserts including the chocolate dipped strawberries for sale a la carte. Service here is wonderful and we are always greeted before getting into line. The greeter will usually offer you a paper menu but you could always just look up at the menu board if you're close enough in line. Even when it gets packed here there seems to be plenty of seating. I will definitely be back again and again in the future..seems to be a favorite spot at the office and there is always a group coming here it seems like!
5	One of my favorites. Soups , salads, sandwiches, desserts (not to mention the included chocolate covered strawberry and French bread!)  And the custom soda bar. My current favorite is the crab melt and the nuts about berries salad... I really haven't come across anything I haven't liked yet. Super friendly staff will show you the way to order. Check it out
3	Soup and sandwiches are good. Now for the up keep of the establishment... The floors, mats and tables are always dirty. I seriously need them to do a better job at keeping the restaurant clean. It's rather disgusting.
1	HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE service! Food is ok at best & price is good but the service is HORRIBLE! Orders are always wrong, they're always rushing you even though you're the only customer in the joint. Asked for a specific order, asked 3 times if it was what i asked and they even marked it that way but when i got home it was wrong! NEVER AGAIN!
4	Great food and fast service. All the servers are incredibly helpful and always happy. My favorite thing is the lobster bisque soup (mushrooms bisque is a runner up). If you are in the mood for something on a cold day or something to just warm the soul I would highly suggest it. All the sandwiches are good but the salads get a bit old and they can sometimes run out of things that are suppose to go in your salad. For instance I ordered the chicken chop salad but they ran out of tomatoes. What is a salad without tomatoes?! nonetheless it was still good. If you don't mind a packed cafe restaurant with a lot of hustle and bustle but good food highly recommend this place. Oh and did I mention affordability; my meals are always under $15 and it is a very filling hearty meal. Usually take home leftovers! Only suggestion is that they are quicker at clearing off and cleaning tables. Since this place does get busy sometimes it s hard to find a table that has been cleaned.
5	First time and I'm satisfied. Fast food joint but looks real clean and workers actually seem happy to work here. Tried the pesto chicken and cuban sandwich. All sandwiches come with a chocolate covered strawberry, which the strawberry was ripe. Perfect pick. Looking to satisfy your sweet tooth, the Rocky road brownie was a great choice.
1	Just walked into the place.  Walked passed a few employees. I didn't realized they were emloyees at the time cause they were sitting in the two separate booths eating. When I walked up to the counter the lady said "sorry mam but we are still closed"  I said " oh I'm sorry the doors were open and I saw people sitting down when  I came in" she said they were employees.  It would had be nice to be informed that when I walked in instead of looking at me walk all the way to the counter. I thought that was part of customer service.
4	Had this for lunch did not expect the place to be that good. It's a good concept of mixing soups, salads and Sandwiches on a meal at a very affordable price. Service was good which wasnt expected for a Fast Food place definitely a must try venue. If this place keeps opening we might be looking the next Chipotle sensation.
4	5 stars for the soups3 stars for the sandwiches Whenever I eat here, the lobster bisque and the wild mushroom bisque are a must. The consistency of both soups are always perfect - thick, very luscious and creamy. They are also slightly sweet, richly decadent, packed with quality ingredients and incredible flavor.On the other hand, I'm not too crazy about their sandwiches. I haven't found a sandwich that that blew away my tastebuds yet. Their sandwich options are unique, but they are also lacking the body of flavor and substance that would typically impress me - they are all so dry and bland.SOUPS:- Lobster Bisque - I am seriously addicted to this soup! Plus, I love the generous chunks of vegetables swimming in the soup, it makes for a satisfying and comforting meal in itself. 5/5- Wild mushroom bisque - This is another winning soup. The wild mushroom flavor is extremely complex and savory. You can really taste the earthiness and nuttiness of the wild mushrooms in every sip. 5/5- Tomato bisque - Slightly tart, slightly sweet and very comforting. This is a great choice with grilled cheese. 4/5SANDWICHES: - Honey Cilantro Carnitas - the pulled pork was moist, but it is also pretty bland and not seasoned properly. Also, the honey cilantro glaze sounds amazing, but it didn't have a pleasant taste to it - it tasted like processed ingredients and chemicals (even though they advertised it to be "house-made") The sandwich filling: cabbage, non-existent pickled red onion and bread were also very dry and not memorable. 3/5- BBQ Pulled Pork - they used the same pulled pork as in the carnitas sandwich above - so the meat was moist, but bland. I also wasn't a fan of the BBQ sauce that they used. The sauce didn't have any bold, sweet, or tangy flavor - it was too basic and generic. The overall filling and flavor was very dry and boring. 2/5- Pesto Chicken Panini - the pesto flavor was extremely weak and the chicken was very plain. The overall panini was dry and bland. 2/5- Crab Avocado Melt Panini - my boyfriend enjoyed this one the most. The crab flavor isn't strong, possibly because they used imitation crab? But the avocado made the sandwich creamy and the bacon added a necessary saltiness. 3/5This is a dependable lunch spot and I hope I find a sandwich I'm crazy about soon. I love that they stand out in a crowd of sandwich shops by giving away complimentary chocolate covered strawberries! A sweet treat is always appreciated at lunch.
1	I did not like this place, was way overrated for what get. Food was not that good. Selections even though many didn't have some of the basic things I would have liked(like Italian dressing). The price was pretty high and the soup didn't have much flavor:( very sad as I thought I would enjoy this place.
4	Hubs and I have been there twice now, and have enjoyed it a lot.  So far, I've had the Cuban sandwich with a Summer Chicken salad, both were incredibly yummy, and my 2nd visit was an Ultimate Grilled Cheese with Roasted Red Pepper Lobster soup, also both quite yummy.  I also got the Sea Salt Caramel Creme Brulee and, while it's not a true creme brulee, it's decadent.  I could only eat a small bit of that, though, due to the intense sweetness of the caramel.  Hubs didn't mind ;)He got the Honey Cilantro Carnitas with Tomato Basil soup on the first visit and the Italian Club sandwich with a German Sausage soup on the 2nd.  Everything got devoured despite the quantities being huge (though Hubs had to eat half of mine in addition to all of his, he was up to the challenge)We will definitely be back, this place is now on our lunch favorites list :D
4	Turkey/bacon sandwich was good. What really won me over was the weekly soup special, white bean & chicken. Awesome soup.
4	I think their soups and salad kick Panera's pants. But their sandwich bread always tastes a little dry to me. I love the chocolate covered strawberry you get with every meal. And their drink station has a ton of options. All of their soups are made in house and are super fresh.
4	Love this place!!! They have salads, soups, sandwiches, and cool deserts!. Has the feel of a cafeteria but a very modern one. The reason i gave them only 4 out of five is because YOU need to remember what you ordered and if its crazy or you have a large party it can get confusing. Theres a combo option which is less than 8 but make sure you get that size or your order will be more pricy. I also disliked that they are closed on Sundays... They give you a piece of bread  for each soup you order and they give you free chocolate dip strawberries! So mo need to purchase desert! But their deserts are delish
2	When they first opened they were pretty good. Lately though, the quality has been dropping. They're putting less soup in your bowl, to ensure that even if you order a large soup you're still only getting half, and the soups themselves aren't as good as they used to be. The mushroom soup, for example, is a bowl of cream. Perhaps if you are lucky they'll actually give you a single mushroom. They also have a tendency to mix up your food, so definitely check it before you leave. I've also noticed this location being randomly closed when the sign says they should be open.
5	Went here for dinner the other day. Just like the other Cafe Zupas I have been too this one was just as good. The staff was friendly and the food yummy. Will be back!
5	Extremely clean, attentive, great selection...my first time here!  Friend wanted to go and suggested before our graveyard cocktail shift!  I'd 100% go again!!!    Great great visit!!!
4	When I first went to Zupas, it was at a different location and I wasn't too impressed with it. I decided to give it another try because my friend ranted and raved about how good it was, so I knew I was missing out on something. Being a vegetarian, sometimes it's hard to find good vegetarian food at restaurants and most of the time they don't have a vast selection, so most of the time if a food item isn't good, I just won't go back, because there will be nothing else to try. The veggie sandwich that they have set up on the menu is pretty gross to me, but my friend orders it with avocado + grilled on panini instead and it tasted like 200% better!(Seriously get it that way if you go there) I like the set up of this restaurant to where they can change up the way items are made fairly easy to accommodate everyone's tastes.I also tried the mushroom soup they have and it was delicious as well. I think Zupas may have grown on me again.The service is still great and fast, but it's still crap that we can't tip them.
1	They always mess up my order, no communication between employees, small sandwiches for the price you pay for. Not coming back to this place
4	This place was great!  I ordered for the first time for a pick up for our office meeting and it was on-time, fresh, hot, and the gal showed me each order before placing it in the bag - with each person's name on it!  Now that's customer service. Clam Chowder can be a little thicker, but ALL our food was GREAT!  The Crab / Avocado Sandwich was delicious.  For ordering for 5 people and doing a combo with 1/2 doz cookies, it was about $51 - great price!  We are fans and would go back :)
1	Disappointed. Walked in and was busy, looked like it had a lot of promise. Ordering was fast and easy. Food prepared quickly and packed up to go for me. I got a Pesto Chicken Panini. Was good, didn't like the sprouts on it though as they kind of just lumped together in the middle of my sandwich. Couldn't really bite through them and just ended up pulling them off. Overall the sandwich was good, nothing amazing wouldn't go back for it.I also had some clam chowder. Salty and thin. When I think of clam chowder I think thick, creamy and nice pieces of clams. Barely any clams could be found and flavor was overly salty. Do not recommend it at all. Very disappointing.Meal came with a piece of bread and chocolate strawberry. Only the front half of the strawberry was actually covered in chocolate but I mean of course it was good.Decided to also try chocolate cake because it looks good. It looks good but wasn't good. The cake parts were ok but the "mousse" was hard. Didn't taste good at all, was kind of crumbly when I tried to get a bite on my fork.Overall will not return for another try. Disappointed that 2 out of the 3 components of my meal were not good. Similar to Panera Bread except Panera Bread is actually good. So I'll be going there instead.
2	Experienced Zupa first time the other day. Much of the staff did not know the answers to some of my ??? about some of their ingredients. They do not know which products have soy in them & not all products are made in house and not everything is organic nothing is non-gmo unless they just did not know. I was disappointed with the small portion size. The pulled pork was very small more bread than anything else. Less than a tablespoon of meat on the sandwich. The Kale salad was suppose to be mixed with Quinoa which I am sure it may have been except I nor anyone on my table could find any. Not a place to go if you are very hungry as the portions are not real big. The food was okay, nothing to write home about.  I might try a different location to see if they are all the same.
4	I was quite happy to find this place.  It is essentially fast food with somewhat wholesome offerings.  When you walk in there is a salad bar counter where you can order a salad your way, or pick from one of their combos.  They have sandwiches and soups as well.I have tried two salads and two soups and was pleased with them both.  All of the ingredients tasted fresh and they get bonus points for providing a generous amount of dressing on the side (I don't like dry salads).  Service was also friendly and helpful, and even when it was rather crowded, everything moved quickly.
3	I used to love Zupas. I ate here frequently. Not long ago the soups were more than one scoop and the strawberrys were huge. This is the third (and probably last) time I came here to find that their portions were shrunk and prices were raised. I know times are tough and I dont mind price raise, but why mess with the portions?
4	One of my favorite quick places to eat that I've found in Vegas! I'm obsessed with the cauliflower soup and unique, homemade salad dressings-and the fact you get a free chocolate covered strawberry with your meal. Plus the portions are so big I usually get 2 meals out of it. My only complaint is the price for the build your own salad is a little too high for how they skimp on the ingredients. They charge you for every little thing, I guess to compensate for the free chocolate covered strawberry ha
5	Cafe Zupas is one of my personal favorite places for lunch. Every item on the menu is made fresh every day and in house. The service is impeccable. Each and every employee greats with you a smile and is great at what they do.The soups make me weak in the knees. And when  I am looking for a great place to sit from the overwhelming flavor I always choose a spot on the outdoor patio.
5	Ok, so I am officially obsessed with this place. Not only are they cheap, but they give you SO much food! SO MUCH!They have soup, salad and sandwiches as their staple meals. You can do combos of the three, or just one. Every meal comes with bread and a chocolate covered strawberry. Anyplace that hands out chocolate covered strawberries has my vote.They have a soda bar, where you can be your own barista and pump different flavors into your soda/tea/water/whatever. They also have a nice selection of hot sauce. The veggie sandwich, panini style and toasted, is my favorite. I love their Wild Mushroom Bisque soup- so good! Their Berry Salad is also good, but not as good as the soup.The Rocky Road Brownie is a bit heavy, but their layered chocolate cake is amazing and surprisingly light.I love how they have one person for everything. It makes everything go so much faster  and each person can help personalize your plates.
5	Just found this place on here, I was wary cuz of some of the reviews that said prices increased and portions were lowered but thankfully I went anyways!  I got the Maui Tropical Chicken Salad and Turkey Spinach Artichoke Panini, My boyfriend got Turkey Bacon Avocado panini and glazed chicken chipotle salad, and we split the yucatan chicken tortilla soup cause we didn't want to leave without trying one.  We both tried each other's foods and thought everything we ordered was great.  The soup was to die for , puts any chicken tortilla I've had to shame . and props to this place for having Tapatio. Just when I thought it couldn't get better. ( I was already sold when I read about free chocolate strawberries)
