5	This location just went private and isn't affiliated with the other stores in Vegas. That being said I've only ever eaten at this Kabob and can't compare and contrast but will do my best to give you an accurate review; Being this is my normal Sunday/Monday lunch spot its surprising that I've only ever had two items on their menu but as far as the ground lamb and the lamb chunky kabobs are concerned they are to die for. I usually get the combo and ask for extra lettuce and I can make two meals out of that regular lunch; I'm usually there right as they open the doors for the day and its nice to see everyone scurrying around cleaning and prepping for the day. I've always been greeted warmly and once I gained that elusive "regular" status the staff would even tease me about never changing my order or for being more than 5 minutes past their unlocking of the door. Walking into the store you are bombarded with the intoxicating aroma of fresh meat and vegetables being grilled on an open flame.  If I could figure out how to do this at my Apt without burning the place down around me I would. Keep up the great work and I can't wait to be back next weekend!
5	What a wonderful and delicious meal this was! I saw this place drivin passed it one day and decided to go with my family for dinner that week. We ordered the chicken and beef shish. The chicken was moist and flavored perfectly. The beef was the star of the meal. Cooked to prefection and was perfect in every way. The other killer things on the menu are the saffron rice and housemade bread. My kids loved the rice most of all because it comes out tri-colored like candy corn. None of the flavors were too strong, my 3, 10, and 13 year old enjoyed their meals, also. I recommend this place to all that want an authentic persian meal.
5	OK-- I have to admit, I was not expecting to love this place as much as I did. Behind the counter were 5-6 guys who didn't look excited to be there.I opted for the chicken shish kabob -since that seemed like the safest choice for my first visit. To my surprise, the chicken was well seasoned and cooked perfectly. My wife opted for the beef tenderloin shish kabob, which I thought was even better than the chicken.Then the meal got better....Along side the chicken was a delicious tri-colored rice that was so smooth. Oh, and I can't forget about that warm homemade bread that was served with it--- WOW! And then, I discovered something inside the restaurant that blew my mind! They offer an amazing chutney (limit one small cup per customer) that goes with chicken, beef, and anything else you could think of. Spiced perfectly, this wonderful sauce is the perfect compliment to the robust flavors this restaurant offers.This place gets a 5 star rating from me. Next time, I will be getting some bread and chutney to go!  Go now! -Thank me later...
5	Try the mint yogurt drink...
4	I have been here several times and have absolutely loved it everytime. The food is excelent and the staff is very friendly. I've had the gyro and the #5 Chicken Kabob multiple times and they are always good.The chicken is cooked perfectly and is well seasoned and oh so juicy. The gyro was so large that I couldn't pick it up or finish it, however, the Chicken shish kabob seems small for the $9 price tag. This is the ONLY reason I didn't give them 5 stars. Although the food is very good, it's hard to pay $9 for 5 to 6 bites of chicken. Regardless of the portion size I will definitely continue to eat here because the food is just that good. Once you try it, you WON'T forget it. Someday, I hope to try the lamb and beef kabobs ... if I could only get past the chicken!
5	This used to be Flame Kabob but they have since changed their name to Fresh Kabob.  But everything still tastes the same to me. I love their chicken and beef kubidehs; packed with lots of flavor.  When I grab lunch from here, I scarf it down quite fast when I get back to work.  It really is that good.  My ultimate favorite side here is the Baba Ghanoush!  OMG!  I can't get enough of it, you can really taste the eggplant like it's been roasted.  Yum!I love this place and come here at least once a week for a fresh lunch.
2	the people here are jerks.  their food is decently good though.  but they have a huge sign that says "2 koobideh's for $9.99.  Lamb. Beef or Chicken." and I tried to order this with the "Yelp Deal" and they said "oh, that is a special, you can't get that with the 'coupon.'  They said I could buy the same thing for $14.  I said it wasn't much a special "yelp deal" if I can't order off their regular menu.  I asked them where it said "special" but it didn't.  They just were trying to rape customers' bank accounts.  If you are going to have a special - then make it a real special.    then they said I could not get the ice cream without paying extra since i was "using a coupon" - but it was the Yelp Deal.  Please put these jerks out of business.  Sadly though, their food is good (albeit not great).  I would rather go to the real Flame Kabob that they screwed over, that is on Eastern and they are nicer to their customers.
3	Chicken and lamb skewers have lots of flavor, little on the salty side. The gyro meat was too dry and crispy. The girl at the register looks like she hates her job, didn't smile once, pretty much rolled her eyes when I asked for a cup for water. Oh! The baba ghanoush was tasty and a good size portion for only 1.99!
5	LOVE!! I just love mediterranean food... but then again, I'm half arab, so I kinda have to love mediterranean food. But I wasn't sure if my typical white-boy of a husband would like it, and to my surprise he loved it too. I ordered the chicken shish kabob entree... came with rice, chicken, some spinach thingy, and bread, and I also ordered a side of hummus.... basically more than enough to satisfy my tiny self, but it was all soo good that I just couldn't stop eating. The spinach thing was very flavorful and the chicken was cooked to perfection. I ordered the beef kabob entree for the husband and that also came with rice, spinach and bread. All very good and tasty as well. My mom and brother both got the chicken kubidehs entrees and seemed to enjoy their food as well. It was a little spicy for me, but some people like spicy :)Staff were nice and friendly(well, the cooks didn't really look thrilled to be there, but then again... whose actually happy to go to work? lol), restaurant was clean and very well-lit environment, and just outside this restaurant is a decent view of the strip. I would absolutely come back here again, and I would definitely love to bring my in-laws here when they come to visit. If my (picky) husband loves it, then I'm sure they will too!
5	This place NEVER disappoints!!! I always get the ground beef and chicken kabobs (kupidehs) with rice and a side of bread.  This used to be Flame Kabob and just changed the restaurant name.  The kabobs are super tasty and large amount of meat for just one.  Usually me and the bf share a plate with a side of bread and order a side of the yogurt to dip the food in.  The green sauce (do not know the name) is also a tasty condiment and can be used to add a little spicy hot to it.  The rice is soft, fluffy and moist.  The bread is made by hand over this hot table grilley thing and super fresh.  The best persian food I have had and the price is decent!! Sometimes the food takes a little while but it's totally worth the wait!! Everytime I go, consistently good food!!
2	Fresh Kabob is not so fresh. The meat was dry and over cooked. Nice view of the airport, but would not eat here again.
5	Outstanding lamb, just outstanding.  Bread was fresh and hot and delicious!!!
4	taste is very good and service is okay
4	I stopped here completely on impulse to try something new and I'm so glad I did. I had the beef tenderloin kabob and a side of tabbouleh that was DELICIOUS.  It took a little longer to get the food than I thought  it would but worth the wait, will return soon and frequently!
4	really good food ... just gotta make sure u'r charged correctly , not that they overcharge but bill just appeared to b  confusing
2	They use styrofoam for everything (not just their to-go boxes). The activist in me can't see past the piles and piles of styrofoam they unapologetically go through each day. I will admit that the food is good, but not good enough for me to go back.
2	So I usually don't complain but this time I had to share it I am just shocked from the service I ordered food online through eat24  I ordered my dinner at 730pm and received it at 945pm , while I am talking to eat24 and the restaurant manager I found out that there is a third company delivery company , each one of the companies blamed it on the other and the manager for the restaurant told me its not us they need to fire the driver , I received old food after two and a half. Hours and this was his answer . I am shocked that people like him holding a job in this induestry as far as eat24,will never order from them again ,the manager didn't care at all for the wait and for the cold food well I am Israeli and I love this type of food but I will never eat there again
5	First off the place is super clean!  I was surprised.As far as the food, - delicious- healthy- prepared quickly- great customer service- and super filling (we had left overs for my family of 4.  Go figure!Great job guys!
4	Love the friendliness, Great food
4	My family always comes back to this place for its great food and cleanliness. The price is reasonable on some items. It's a given that for 1 person you would have to spend at least $20 for a main, a side, drink and possibly a desert (their Baclava is sometimes very good sometimes decent). In a group, costs a lot less because you can share items. Their food taste great, they kinda cut back on stronger flavors that way you can enjoy a fresher tasting food.I highly recommend their Baba Ghanoush which is served with fresh Pita bread. In terms of flavor of meat, I would get the lamb followed by the chicken and lastly the beef (for some reason the beef has the least amount of flavor).
5	the food is awesome i really like it and the price wasgreat  i give you 7 stars .
4	1. A shorter review than normal due to time constraints.2. It was very good, a 3.8 or 3.9, rounded to a 4 for star rating purposes. The food is Persian food, think Iranian, if that makes it easier to understand the geographical aspect from which the food is derived.3. The YELP coupon, pay $20 for $40, was certainly a bonus.4. First, being situated across from the runway at McCarran IAP in full view of the departing and arriving aircraft was a great visual treat, particularly at dusk. That added to the very clean, well-lit, self-service restaurant in the small strip mall across the street.5. Now for the food! Very good stuff. We each enjoyed a kabob, one chicken, one beef, and both were normal portion size, and tasty. Both served with a different type of rice, and flatbread nan. We also had a small, locally packaged salad, again, good, and unique tasting in a positive way.6. For dessert, we had a pre-packaged pistachio ice cream cup that was great and unique.7. As for service, the gentleman that took our order from behind the counter was simply excellent and accomodating at every point - refreshing to experience. In fact, he helped us approach and maximize our coupon to hit very near the $40 coupon we purchased.8. We recommend it.
5	Best place for fast, good Persian food!  I always order the #4 Tenderloin Beef Shish Kabob with an order of fries and side of Mast o Khiar (tzatziki sauce). The entree comes with bread, saffron rice, onions and salad. Tie everything together with their green house sauce, which is the boss, and you got a delicious, savory, authentic meal. I also ordered the hummus. It was just ok here. Tip: Yelp $20 for $40 Deal!
3	It was tasty, but it was a bit of a wait...
4	First things first: if you haven't gone yet, purchase the Yelp deal. $20 for $40 is half price, and even if you take it to go, you WILL eat it. Once you've made your purchase, get in your car and get your butt there.From the outside, this place doesn't really look like much. It's clean, and newish, but that's about all I could tell. Inside it's clean too, with tables as well as some couches and comfy chairs to pick for seating. It's a walk-up-and-order type of place, too, so step back to read the menu and make your selection so you don't hold up the line. There was a good group there when I went, but not enough to call it crowded- there's a large screen where some folks were watching the Spain/Italy soccer match, which seems to change based on what is playing at the time. If you're not the sports type, they also have free wifi- ask the cashier for the password. The menu is pretty diverse, with kabobs (hence the name) taking the majority, but some wrap sandwiches and other grilled meats, too. I love Persian and Mediterranean cuisine, and this place had a good mix of offerings from lamb, chicken, and tenderloin kabobs to chicken schwarma wrap and sides such as hummus and dolmas. I had the chicken schwarma wrap, BF had the lamb kabobs, and we got extra bread and hummus for the table. Other dining partners ordered slightly different variations of the same, but beef dishes. Everyone dug in and loved the food- it was hot, fresh, and flavorful, and in ample portions. The plates each had sides of a small salad or dolmas, and rice or hummus- these are probably interchangeable, but i have to say that the rice was surprisingly good! Very moist and flavorful, it perfectly complemented the lamb dishes.I can definitely see us coming back here- and probably frequently, too. They have a menu board up front offering specials, including pistachio ice cream, that we plan on trying next visit.
2	Food was OK but I've had a lot better.  For some reason they served naan bread rather than lavash.  Worst of all the service was rude and unprofessional.  I'm sure there are better options in las vegas.  Will go elsewhere next time.
1	Place is terrible. Lied about the yelp deal & the place stinks like doggy dookie
5	I have my entire office addicted to this place! The food is always fresh, flavorful and plentiful. I also like that they take call in orders which really works well when getting lunch for a group of people. My go-to is the chicken kabob which comes with saffron rice, salad, onions and bread. Their yogurt cucumber sauce is excellent, too, and comes in a generous portion with more bread.
5	My boyfriend and I have been customers for at least two years. I always get the #4. Definitely recommend this place if they are looking for good food.
2	They would only take 36 off for the $40 yelp deal? Floor was sticky and food was standard. I would not go back nothing special.
2	Food was ok, portions were small and it was a bit pricey.  Stephano's is way better.  They were going to get 3 stars but they serve Pepsi and that's just nasty so only gets 2 stars.
5	Fresh and delicious ingredients. Could not believe they had Saffron in shakers for a fast food place. You usually find this in an upscale restaurant.They even serve shirazi salad, Mast-O-Khiar, Mast-o-Musir, baba ghanoush, dolmeh and tabouli.Price point is unbelievable for the quality. There is vegetarian options as well.
4	I tried this place for the first time recently and I was instantly hooked. The food is fresh, delicious and super high quality. These kabobs are fresh and super tasty. The chicken is all white meat chicken breast and the steak is very, very high quality beef. The seasonings are just right -- not too spicy for a normal palate yet packed with flavor. Make sure you get a side of their homemade green sauce, it is killer good. The freshly baked naan-style bread is amazing. I could gobble it up plain but I like to stack my meat on top so it soaks up the juices. Since I am a low carb eater, I didn't try the rice but instead got a side salad. It, too, consisted of simple yet high quality ingredients. They only have one housemade salad dressing that's exotic and very fresh tasting. This isn't a place to go if you are in a rush, they really do cook everything to order so it can take about 15 minutes to get your dinner.The main dining room is nothing special but is decorated with pretty granite tables and there's even a nice couch seating area. There are a few tables outside on a small patio that afford gorgeous views of McCarran's runway so you can watch planes take off and land while you eat. The restaurant is located in a nondescript shopping strip center amongst office buildings and gets super popular during the workday; go in the evening or on the weekend for less crowds. There are three main problems I have with this place. One, the prices are just too high. I know fresh, made-to-order food costs money, but when I have to shell out nearly $40 for two of us to eat a light dinner at a quick service restaurant, that's really hitting me in my pocketbook! The portion sizes are out of whack with the prices; the portions are pretty small yet still expensive. I had to order TWO kabobs to fill me up.Two, the overuse of styrofoam sends a bad message. Why trash our environment more by using ALL styrofoam? Surely there's a more eco-friendly way to plate your food! Styrofoam containers are so 1980, get with the modern times. People do care about our environment and responsible business owners should too. Third, the employees can be a little off-putting. It was my first time in and the guy taking my order seemed less than thrilled to have me as a guest. As I sat waiting for my food, several other patrons came in and told the guy behind the counter that it was their first time and even asked for recommendations. The employee said, very bruquesly, that he didn't know what they would like and offered ZERO help to these poor people. That's a sure way to make sure people NEVER set foot in your restaurant again.I absolutely love the food here and the quality and taste of my meal outweighed all of the negatives, thus resulting in my 4 star review.
5	My eyes are bigger than my stomach. Always a reliable choice for healthy chicken and beef. I like the # 7 Chicken, lettuce, dolmi, and humus.
4	Really good Kabobs, we had the beef and chicken when we came and as everyone has said the green sauce is absolutely delicious and flavorful. I had a peach carbonated soda that was really good to and not too sweet. I will be back and you should go too.
4	very good and healthy at reasonable price
4	I like this place. Big salad with your meal with a couple of kabobs and rice. The bread is good as well. Food tastes good, feels healthy, and very fresh. I always get to 2 kabob special. Leave full n happy. Not a very heavy meal, but filling. That good kind of full were you ate well, ate enough, and feel good about what you ate.
4	Excellent inexpensive kabobs. First place I stop whenever I fly into town. Convenient from the airport and worth going out of your way for. The ground meat  kabobs are all excellent.Everything is fresh and made to order. I'm moving to Vegas soon and I know this place will be on my weekly rotation of places to eat.
5	Oh yeah. Gyros are great, price is great too. Plenty of seating and your food gets there fast. Portions are maybe a little on the small side (for a gyros place) but still fills you up. Nice job.
4	I wanted something better than normal fast food for lunch and remembered that a bookmarked this Kabob place. As advertised they are fresh and authentic Mediterranean. Made to order, i had the beef combo. It was good, a little pricey but give them a little slack for freshness, but wish it included some hummus.
5	Several weeks ago we stumbled in to Fresh Kabob on Sunset Road as a total fluke. The food was absolutely delicious and gave us the idea to order it for an upcoming Halloween party. What a great decision that turned out to be!The food was promptly delivered at exactly the time we requested...I mean right at the exact time we asked for it to be delivered!!! That took a huge stress off of us and allowed our housekeeper to transfer the food into proper buffet server/warmers before our guest arrived. Fresh Kabob brought over dinner for 25 people including salads, incredible rice and extremely tasty Kabobs. Our guests absolutely LOVED the food. We encouraged them to go and support Fresh Kabob by dining there regularly as this is the kind of business that should be supported and rewarded. To give you an idea of the amount of food. We had a total of 19 people. We ordered the dinner for 25 and added some sides of hummus and tabuli salad. We also supplemented the dinner with some chicken wings. That made it perfect for a group of people with pretty big appetites and and even gave us a few leftovers for us to enjoy the following day.I love this place. If you ever host a party and want something different than the ordinary, give Fresh Kabob a chance. You and your guests will be happy you did.Thank you again Fresh Kabob. You helped make our party a great success!
5	Went on Sunday night and used the Yelp deal $20 for $40. Super easy and it is a great deal! Our family ordered a mix of chicken and beef kubideh plates that come with a super yummy rice, grilled tomato, salad greens and bread.... ooooohhh the bread! Everything was so yummy! Place is super clean and owner is very nice! Right next to the airport so after dinner we watched planes land and take off from the airport tarmac. We will definitely be back when we visit Las Vegas again next summer!
3	Good place to go and eat. But the meat was a bit dry, but that might be because we waited a while before ate the food. The taste was really good. I think it would have been better if we sat in the restaurant and ate. I definitely would go back to get some more food here.
4	Wonderfully fresh ingredients and a grewt value!  Would definitely recommend it! My only suggestion would be to turn uo the flavor on the shirazi salad.
5	Really happy I stopped into this place. The food is grilled fresh to order w big portions. I got the beef shish and been kubideh combo and it came w pita, rice, grilled tomato, lemon wedge and onions. It's a complete meal w all the fixins :D
5	For a great Mediterranean meal going to or from the airport make Fresh Kabob your stop. Exceptional value and fun to watch the planes! We had #4 beef kabob and #13 beef and lamb and the baba ganoush. All excellent and the green hot sauce was delicious. Highly recommend.
2	The service was fast, meat portion of the order was on the smaller side for the price you pay, bread was good, food was very bland almost no flavor, there are much better options in Vegas for this type of food, don't think I'll be back to this place again. Had higher expectations but was let down.
5	This place is amazing. I go there for lunch every other week and it's a delight each time. Fresh made bread, long grain basmati rice and perfectly seasoned meat. That's is exactly what Mediterranean food really is. Keep up the good work.
1	WARNING*** This business is closed. Me and my wife were going to eat dinner when we realized the place has been seized by the city.
4	You don't see that many persian casual food service places.  This place fills that niche.   For less than $10, you can get meat and fluffy (basmati) rice, bread and a roasted tomato.    Fast, easy, a right near the airport, you can't really go wrong if you're in the mood.Bonus: Free wifi!
4	Came here the other day and got the Ground Chicken Kubideh and it was great.  I actually took it To-Go and headed across the street to the parking lot where you can park and watch the airplanes land at McCarran.  There I enjoyed this very tasty meal, and will soon do it again.
5	Fresh is the perfect name for this place! I can't say enough good things about the freshness and flavor of the food here. They make the bread right in front if you as you order it...it's to die for! The kubidehs are full of authentic Mediterranean flavors, veggies are crisp and generously portioned, and the rice is the best I've ever had. The people are friendly and the atmosphere is upbeat, open, bright and inviting. Make sure you try the mast-o-musir for a real authentic treat.
4	Food and service were very good. The dining area was lacking cleanliness. They need to be better at cleaning the tables during busy times,but the service  and food was exceptional.
4	Great halal food. Near Vegas airport and 15 minutes away form the strip.Portions were generous and enough for two meals.
5	This is the best place in Vegas to eat Kabobs.  The fresh taftoon bread in town with the best prices...  And the view is awesome...
5	This is near the office. It's the best kabob place around for the price. Even my vegetarian co-worker loves it. They have a gyros and fries meal for $5.99. It's just the right size for lunch. The side of hummus is somewhere around three bucks. It's really good and a good portion.
4	Dat pita bread tho!
2	Tried this place out for lunch with a friend and as you can tell by my star rating, wasn't too excited about it. The service was friendly, fast and we each had a 20% off coupon so that was nice. I ordered a falafel wrap and my friend got the veggie Kebob plate. The food did not impress me. The falafel wrap had 2 small falafel with some plain chopped lettuce tucked into a pita bread. There was a little bit of a greenish sauce but it was tasteless. My wrap was accompanied by some chopped and seasoned onions as well as a small bit of lettuce greens and a large lemon wedge. THANK GOODNESS FOR THE LEMON WEDGE! I ended up covering my meal in the lemon juice to give it some flavor. My meal was far from awful but was very bland and compared to their competitor down the street...no question, I will not be switching Falafel places. While I did not try the veggie Kebob it did not impress my friend enough to go back a second time.
3	We were looking for the old flamed grill but it was replaced with Fresh Kabob. Service was good. Food was delicious except for one dish that we didn't like. Other than that, everything else YUMMY & Halal.
5	I have dinner here once a week with my roomie because we absolutely love it!! Environment is relaxing! We can just go there and talk for hours!!! The food is amazing & the staff is great!!!  When the main cook is on duty everything tastes so much better!!! Btw, He is a hottie!!! Totally recommend this Medit. Rest! 100% on Point!!!
4	Every time I go here,I order the beef kabobs which are always amazing. The rice and bread that come with it are equally delicious too. The only downfall to this place is that the food takes FOREVER to come out and it is pretty steep in price for a quick lunch.
4	Had the lamb kabob with a side of hummus. It was delicious. I'll come again for sure.
3	With the Yelp deal, I tried several items. I was excited about the options, but the food was pretty ordinary. The cucumber and yogurt side was the best part of the order. Also, a plate comes with 6 pieces of meat... get ready to load up on bread and rice (though both were good). I won't be back, but I'd say it's worth a try on the off-chance you don't have my exact taste buds. My search for middle eastern food continues.
5	Great food!
5	Very nice restaurant run by a very nice family who are very involved in the food so it shows in service. The focal point here is food, we are in Vegas for convention and pulled this place out on Yelp and what a gem it turned out to be, we came here twice in four days we had the lamb plate the first time then the kubideh special the second time and both time they hit the nail on the head, good quantity with great quality I hope the stay successful , watch out the door handle is almost melting that's how hot it was  :-)
3	We ordered food from here last night and it was just ok.  All the meats seemed to be over cooked and dried out.  The falafel was hard and dry, the Gyro meat was just ok, over cooked, I don't know if it was just because it was evening or what, but the food was not impressive enough to make us want to go back.  The prices are very reasonable, but the cheap price kind of matches the over over cooked food.The portions of food are large on the rice and pita bread, but very skimpy on dishes with fries and ok on meats, if it only tasted better.At some point we may give this place another try but it is not a place we will rush back too.
4	This place has really good gyros. And their seasoned fries are awesome too. Their pita bread is really unique, probably because it's Naan bread and not typical of the bread which I've had gyro meat on mostly in my life. Their cuts of gyro are super meaty - no thin slices here, so they're super-filling with just five or six hunks of beef and lamb. Definitely heading back to this place. Service probably could have been nicer, but, with all of Greece's recent austerity measures, and their crappy soccer teams of late, I cut 'em some slack.
3	Used the on-line ordering system, filled in all of the required fields, and submitted the order.  Showed up at the designated pick-up time and was told the on-line ordering system doesn't work.There was no indication on the web-site that it didn't work!  Luckily they weren't real busy, but had to cool my heels for over 20 minutes.The food was good, not great.  Portions were well sized.  Prices were reasonable.Bottom line, my time is valuable and I will explore other options before returning to eat here, but won't rule them out completely.
4	Great food, very fresh. Nice change from fast food. The chicken kabob is awesome. Can not wait to try more menu items.
4	Tried the lamb kubideh. It was very reasonable pricing, for $7.99 I got a healthy serving of kubideh with rice, and bread. They make the bread at the location! Everything tasted wonderful. And we ended our meal with a Baklava. Do try it!
4	I have chose this place a few times for lunch since its close to my job. The only reason it gets 4 out of 5 is the staff is a bit dry, i have never recieved a greeting from them or a have a good day. Now for the food my regular dish is 2 kabob combo one beef one chicken and i occasionally mix it up with a lamb kabab. This dish never lets me down big portions full of flavor and the dish always looks appetizing with the bright colors in the rice and the flat bread that come with the food is amazing they put the kababs on top the bread and it adds so mych flavor to the bread. My husband took a risk today and tried the gyro i have to say hands down the best we have had since we have been in vegas! It had nice chunks of lamb there was just the right amount of tzatziki sauce.
4	I really like Kabob Grill for a casual, unhurried lunch. It is very popular, very small, and they cook your food to order, so I do not like it when in a rush. It once took me 20 minutes of a 1 hour total lunch from the point when I ordered to when I got my food...so not the best if time is of the essence. But the food is so good, and the prices are even better, so I go back whenever I have time and a small group. Best part about the food? You can taste the smoke and flame. Mmmm
4	The food is pretty delicious, the price is good. But it takes forever to get your order. Very slow staff
4	Loved the gyro, friendly staff, great location and affordable prices.  Will definitely return.
4	This spot is consistent and always spot-on. I run here on my way home from work and enjoy a chicken kabob on the run. Everything I super tasty, including whatever that delicious green sauce is. Keep in mind, everything is fresh to order and it takes a little time so have a few minutes to spare.
4	I use to live in Dubai.This place is only place that come closed to my taste for the simple freshest made to order food.Its self service.But the food is four star.
3	While in vegas I happened upon this place.  Actually pretty good all around, but I couldn't help, but notice that all the help were hispanic.  Not that anything is wrong with that, but shouldn't someone be middle eastern??  cook...supervise??doubt I will be back.
4	Visited this eatery this past weekend with the family and each one of us was satisfied with their dish. We left empty plates and that should speak for itself! I ordered the lamb pita sandwich and the lamb was nicely marinated in what seemed to be lemon and spices. I personally like sour in my food, so this dish was made for me. The pitas are freshly made on the premises and that inspired me to come back for more!! Enjoyed visiting this eatery and plan to come back again!!
