3	I'd really like to like this place more than I do.  Central Phoenix noticeably lacks Italian restaurants (if you're not counting Oregano's and pizza places), and Harley's Italian Bistro is in a great gentrifying stretch of 7th Ave (Melrose on 7th) to really impress as a neighborhood Italian joint, but it falls a bit short.I made my second venture here the other night for dinner.  It was a last minute sort of thing, so we lucked out that we were able to get a table anywhere on a Friday night.  I had a hunch that Harley's might be somewhat busy, but not terribly busy to the point of long waits.  We strolled up to find about 13 of 20 or so tables occupied.  But even if it was too busy, it wouldn't have been awkward since we could have passed the time at the homey and spacious bar in the back.  Lot of different types of diners reflective of the area.  Mostly older married couples and tables of gay singles, and a young family or two with kids. The food was OK.  We ordered the fried calamari with marinara to start and it was uneventful and uneven -- some of it too chewy.  I ordered the salcicce al penne and my friend ordered the spaghetti with meatballs - oh yes.  He only got two meatballs, btw.  My dish was alright.  I felt the sauce could have been a bit more flavorful and spicy.  My first visit was with a large party of 10, and I ordered the crusted chicken romano sandwich - very good, but a tad on the greasy side. The server was OK.  Very friendly, but he felt new and seemed awkward at times.  He forgot the parmesan cheese when he brought out our entrees and was diffcult to flag down to ask for the cheese.  So we sat there and stared at our food before we were able to dig in. I'll go back.  But if another Italian restaurant opens nearby, Harley's will have a run for their money.FYI, It's been open for about two years now , and was known as The Roman Table for many years before that.
3	I would somewhat agree with the first review.  I have been here twice and both times the food was good.  Not the best I have ever had, but I wasn't complaining.  I would go back again.
5	I go there almost every week.  When my mom comes down from Payson to go shopping, we always end the day at Harley's.  Our favorite waiter, Justin, gave us both nicknames.  It's a real, down-to-earth place, where seriously...everyone knows my name!The food is GREAT!  I'm always ordering something different and have never been disappointed.  It's in Melrose, a neighborhood on 7th Ave between Camelback and Indian School.  I live nearby and can walk home to walk off my awesome meal.They also have a new outdoor patio.Service is excellent!
5	We ended up here last night after the first restaurant we tried to go to had an hour long wait. (thank you, first restaurant!) It's one of those places that  I have driven by a thousand times and never stopped in. I guess I now know what I've been missing for the last four and a half years.The place has been serving Italian food for over fifty years. That's pretty crazy, when you consider how transient this city can be. The owners have changed, but the food is still fantastic. I had the Fettucine Della Casa- fettucine with a tomato cream sauce, smothered with fresh mushrooms, roasted red peppers, proscuitto and chicken. It was amazing- rich, but not overpowering, flavorful but not overwhelming. My dining companion was not so over the moon about his order- Linguine Alla Vongole (clams sauteed with parsley and garlic, served over linguine with a white wine sauce)- but he admits that he thought he was getting something different than what actually showed up on the plate. He enjoyed the clams, but he thought the white wine sauce didn't have much flavor. The bread and oil that starts the meal is so good, I could just eat that. The wine selection isn't too wide, but it's enough to ensure that there's something for everyone. Our server was great. He was friendly and attentive without being overbearing. The way he described the daily specials and dessert selections, you would have thought he crafted them himself. The atmosphere in the restaurant is really nice. A romantic date wouldn't be out of place here, nor would a casual dinner with friends or family. There is no hint of pretentiousness anywhere, and they don't care how you're dressed or what you look like. Everyone is welcome here.I can't wait to go back. There were so many dishes on the menu that sounded fantastic, and choosing one was hard. Time to try out the rest of them!
4	I must have driven by this place a thousand times. But we finally ended up their last night. And I am glad we did.The restaurant has existed for 50 years in that location. It has changed ownership many times but survived the usual modernification of Phoenix.After eating there, I can see why. Bread and olive oil with herbs to start. A great wine list, full bar and and a three page menu. The pasta dishes are traditional, classic, seafood, as well as other meats. And there are pizzas, sandwiches, calzones and daily specials, too. Everything tastes homemade and fresh. Definitely something for everyone, vegetarians, kids, etc.The waiter was friendly and attentive. We had no problem getting seated at 7:30 on a Friday night (after our first choice was an hour wait). Our host was kind enough to move us to a window seat, too.The interior is dark and nice, giving it an upscale feel.The patrons were a diverse group, young, old, straight, gay, couples, families, one of the waiters has a mohawk and was serving a guy with his head tattooed.The food was really good, I look forward to going back again. One of central Phoenix's gems right out in the open, don't be like me and drive right by. Come in and enjoy, you won't be disappointed.
2	I've been here 2 times, once alone, and once on a boyfriend-totally-messed-up-so-ordering-the-most-expensive-dish-on-the-menu-is-a-must, and I didn't like anything either time. The food was mostly bland and average, and I commented on the tomato sauce having come straight out of the Sysco can and onto my pasta. The service was sluggish, and dare I say I felt the server was hating on us for being straight? This is probably the most off-putting part of our whole experience (this also has happened countless times at Fez, but I digress). Seriously. I think the decor's trying a little too hard to be something it most obviously is not (they should actually stick to being a neighborhood Italian joint, instead of the cheeseball fake plants and Italian "stuff" everywhere), but the oil and herbs combo at the beginning is a welcome touch and probably the only reason I'm going with 2 stars instead of 1.Doubtful I'll be back here alone or with boyfriend.
5	Solid Italian fare, reasonably priced and well executed. I'd not been here for years and by the looks of things the ownership has put a focus on reworking the menu to include a wider array of offerings. I went for the linguine and calamari which was tasty and was a generous portion. They've got a good wine list and the desserts were tempting [homemade cannolis!] but I deferred. Service was both friendly and efficient. A word to new patrons: it's best to approach Harley's from northbound 7th Avenue and turn right into the driveway just south of their building; any other method [particularly during rush hour] takes the skill and the sheer determination of a kamikaze pilot.
5	Thank you Amy D. for reccomending Harley's so highly. The girl and I stepped out last night to get out of the house and have a bite and accidently drove by and decided to give it a try.We got Amy's favorite server Justin, who was awesome! (mind you I think knowing Amy D. gor us the VIP treatment) Friendly and attentive and great with advice on what to order. We started with some appetizer that I wish I could remember the name of. It was mozzeralla between white bread, which was then breaded and fired...essentially a breaded grilled cheese sandwhich with marinara over top. Oh my god it was amazing! We each ordered the Pollo Marsala, though I was worried as I am picky about my marsalla and am almost always disapointed when I order it. It was sweeter than I expected, which was incredibly OK. It was so wonderful I wish I had leftovers for lunch today but my willpower was weak and I ate it all including the fetuccini alfredo on the side which was equally flavorful and delish!All of the sauces were far from bland and far from generic. Justin informed us that they don't make the sauces in huge batches but fresh and to order. The prices are incredibly fair and left money in the account to give the generous tip that Justin deserved. We will be back much more often than we should I am sure. Justin also reccomended the desserts but there was simply no room in the tummy last night.
4	I love, love love Harley's.  It was one of the first places I discovered when I moved here, and it remains a favorite.Things that I have had and loved:Fried calamariFried zucchini blossoms (they don't always have these)The calamari pasta dishGnochi with pestoFettucini alfredoChicken marsalaChicken picatta.That's everything I've had there, and every single one was delicious.  The picatta is my new favorite (I've been craving it since I was there last week).  I've taken numerous out of town people there, and they've all loved it too.The only reason I take the star away, is that the service seems to have gone downhill in the past 2 years since the ownership change.  The first time I went, the owner was a little old italian man, and he and his wife ran the place.  The walls were covered with his artwork, and he came around and spoke to everyone as they were eating.  He told us though that he had recently sold, and this night was his last there.The new owners kept the menu, and I believe they kept the same kitchen staff, as well as the waitstaff.  Over the past 2 years though, while the food stayed delicious, the service has become increasingly perfunctory.  Not bad, just not friendly.However, they're still polite and the food is still amazing, so you couldn't keep me away from this place for anything.  Prices are very good, and you can even get takeout (I confess to having binged on friend calamari, a bottle of wine and a girly movie on more than one Saturday night).Go!
5	So this review is a little late in coming - The domestic atmosphere in my life has been a bit suffocating in these last couple days - Wednesday was a particularly stifling night, and for a mid-week change my boyfriend Nathan and I decided to go out to diner instead of just lounging around the house. After a long debate on where to go and the realization that it was almost 9:00 and bar food would soon become our only option, we stopped in the Melrose District outside a little Italian place called Harley's. Even on a Wednesday they were open until 10:00 - The bar, until 11:00 ... Huge sigh of relief.We were greeted warmly and seated in front of these huge windows that look over Copper Star Coffee and Revolver Records (reviews to follow). Warm fresh baked bread with cracked spices in olive oil for dipping started us off. We were talked in to the Mozzarella in Carrozza as an appetizer - This may very well be my boyfriends new food favorite ... It's a thick slice of mozzarella sandwiched between two pieces of bread and lightly fried ... that's right, a kick butt fried grilled cheese ... with home made marinara on top, not that ghetto crap in a can style of sauce. As an entre I had the Pollo Marsala and Fettuccine Alfredo, by far the best I have ever had. The marsala was slightly sweet, served over chicken that was cooked to perfection, and the alfredo was super light in taste and texture ... Not to mention the fact that our service was impeccable, drinks never ran dry and the bread basket was always refilled.I'd like to send a special thanks to our waiter Justin - He was a riot. He knew about everything on the menu, made perfect diner recommendations and was able to convince me and my boyfriend of at least three different lunches, diners and deserts that we plan on returning to try. He's a local artist with a fantastic sense of humor and a true talent for turning a not so hot evening into a night spent in laughter over little plates of heaven.If you stop by I recommend joining the email list so you can get the weekend update on dinner and drink specials - If you manage it, any leftovers will be boxed up for you, labeled clearly and double wrapped in cellophane for easy, spill proof transport to the fridge. Prices are super reasonable too - bigger portions and better food for the same price if not less than the chain style restaurants like, dare I say it, Olive Garden ... Also a portion of the proceeds this Thursday, the 24th, will be spent helping to raise money for the Food for Life charity. What could be better, fill your belly without empting your wallet and giving back to a good cause at the same time ... Dig it!
4	When my Italian chef friend brings me here I know that I'm at real Italian spot.  The restaurant has a great family restaurant feel and does it right.  Challenge this restaurant by finding your favorite  authentic Italian dish.   My advice, get the special.  This place is great for amazing food for a fair price.
4	Nice local non-chain restaurant.  Neither up-tight or pretentious, more casual and laid back.Staff was friendly and attentive, I think our server was even "The Famous Justin". He helped us pick out the wine and told me about one of the entree that I really enjoyed. It was bow tie pasta with spinach, sun-dried tomatoes and chicken all mixed in a cream sauce.  Big portions so expect some leftovers for sure.Thanks Yelp or I would have never know about this place!
2	I ate at Harley's for the first time last night.  The staff was wonderful, but the food was a complete dissapointment.  I ordered the special it was a pasta/chicken dish drowned in a gorgonzola mushroom sauce.  The sauce was far too rich and overpowered any other flavor in the dish.  I expected a lot from Harley's because it had been highly recommended by several people that I know.  I'm not giving up because the waiter was excellent so maybe it was just an off night.
4	We chose this restaurant based on kid and group friendliness, and, indeed, it was kid and group friendly.  More importantly, every person in our party of 8 thoroughly enjoyed their meal.  All of the house specialty pastas sounded terrific, and I was not disappointed when I ordered a sausage farfalle pasta with vodka cream sauce (can't remember the name of the dish, but I do highly recommend it).  My friend enjoyed his chicken parmagiana and I also heard very positive feedback from the kids about their fetuccine alfredo.We were visiting from Los Angeles, but we're planning to visit again when we're back in Phoenix.
3	Food: Great but you have to order right.  Their Penne Del Pastore is fantastic with loads of great Spinach and awesome flavor balance.  However, their Alfredo is really buttery and less cheesy in a way that sort of coats your mouth without a lot of taste.  Go on recommendations from other people who've eaten there.  Also, ordered the table chianti.  It's cheaply delicious.  Atmosphere:  Limited- kind of dodgy actually but,no frills, no need to dress up, casual and sort of comfortable in an eating in a small-town restaurant kind of way.  Service:  Friendly and attentive.  No complaints here anytime I've been.Price:  Just awesome for the food quality.  Easy to eat for 2 for $20.
4	mmmm... eggplant. So it's Sunday morning and I just scarfed down the second half of my eggplant parm sandwich from last night - so good - and I wasn't the only one with leftovers - the portions were huge - and all I keep wondering is how the hell did it take me this long to check this place out? What a gem. Decor was charming, service was impeccable, but most importantly, the food was delicious and reasonably priced ($8 sandwiches, $10-$15 entrees).
4	A group of us went last night for Amanda B's sister's bday celebration. The bread was seriously Yumgasm inducing. The waiter was great he had no issues with the large party and making different checks for everyone he was very pleasant thats hard to find these days! Most people hate their jobs and it shows. I had the baked Ravioli it was delicous and my sister had the spaghetti w meat sauce it was a giant mountain of spaghetti plenty big enough for 2 I'd say! She enjoyed it as well. We will return!!
4	Harley's is the kinda place i imagine my Italian grandmother would run. that is, if i was Italian and if i had a grandmother who ran such an amazing place. a girl can dream, right? from the decor of the restaurant to the richness and portion size of food, everything screams comfort! it's definately not the place to go if you're counting calories. you could get full on the bread alone. and i love how they secure your box of leftovers with about 10 layers of saran wrap. your fridge doesn't end up smelling like italian food, and when you go to eat the leftovers, it's like opening a present. thanks grandma!
3	I have visited Harley's on two occasions and I was fairly impressed. Now, I know I'm spoiled because I've had some of the greatest Italian on earth, but Harley's is certainly a competitor. My first visit, I had the tortellini with sausage. I wasn't thrilled with the Alfredo sauce that it came with. I wished for a little garlic or a bit of flavor in the otherwise plain Alfredo sauce. Overall, my food was ok, but I have had better. The second trip was far more impressive and delicious. I had the gnocchi with a Rosa sauce (red sauce with cream) and a side of meatballs. The sauce was VERY good and flavorful. The gnocchi, again, not the best I've had, but pretty darn yummy! The meatballs were good, but I was disappointed to note that they were cold in the middle. That told me that they make their meatballs ahead and then refrigerate them, which made me question the freshness. On the upside, the meatballs were flavorful and well seasoned. I would definitely visit Harley's again and try their other offerings! The service is great and food prices are cheap and the meal is a-ok!
4	I love Italian food.  I'm lucky enough to be married to an Italian, so I get the good stuff every day.  Oh yeah.  However, he hates cream sauces and rarely if ever makes them, so whenever we go out, I make sure to order them.  My first time at Harley's I ordered the pesto gnocchi.  OMG! Heaven in my mouth.  It is so filling though, I can only finish it if I am being a glutton.  potato dumplings are always nice and firm, never overcooked and mushy.  I heard there is a rosa sauce that you can get this with, but I could never give up my pesto cream.  Yum.Another time I tried the tortelloni, or maybe it was tortellini, not sure which and it came with the alfredo sauce.  The pasta was good, but the sauce was just weird.  It was really really sweet.  I am accustomed to sweet sauces, as my husband usually adds brown sugar to whatever he's making, but this was definitely something else.  I don't really know.  Maybe it was a funky batch.  I've sampled a few of their apps before and they are all wonderful.  The fried mashed potato balls are wicked good, as is the asparagus cartucho (I think).  The bistro bread is also another favorite of mine.Harley's is really a great place to go.  The prices are a little high, but cheaper than other comparable Italian eateries.  This place is a gem in the Melrose district.
2	The bread was great. The rest of the meal either tasted bitter or like it came out of a can. I was very disappointed. The waiter was creepy, slow and thought he was funny. Perhaps I just came on an off night.
4	Here's some advice:  If you're in a small cute little bistro, please PLEASE refrain from throwing your head back and laughing as loud as your lungs will accomodate you.  Not to say you need to ruin your fun...but GAWD DANG it can be loud in the ears!  And when I'm trying to have a nice conversation with two friends and can't hear them when we're all talking above "inside voice" level, it can get quite annoying.  It seemed that my ears tried to squeeze themselves into my head!That said...The awesomness that was Harley's included a cutie-patootie server by the name of Justin who made you feel right at home, bread (as it seems everyone else who yelped enjoyed), and my entree.*wiping drool*So I ordered the Bistro Chicken.  It was chickeny!  I was spinachey!  It was creamy saucee...e.  In other words, It was roll your eyes in back of your head, sit back in your seat, and melt in all of its goodness.  The proportions of ingredients were extremely generous.  None of that $13 all pasta and five pieces of chicken nonsense you get at some places.My ONLY critique is that I wished what seemed like 12 cloves of garlic hiding along my journey of tastiness were roasted as opposed to au natural.  Mind you, this is only a teensy tiny critique.Conclusion:  It's got reasonable Bistro prices with none of the pretentiousness of the staff.  Loved our waiter.  One plate could serve two people comfortably.  Can't wait to return with my guys to try out the Tiramisu!
2	I'm really surprised by all the good reviews this place gets.  My experience at Harley's was less than good.  My chicken marsala had an unpleasant flavor, and I think someone forgot to drain my fiance's spaghetti because it was wet and sitting in a plate of watery sauce.  Yuck.   And what was up with our waiter?!  He seemed eccentric at first, but then we heard him use the exact same, insincere lines on every table he served.  I didn't need him to be wacky and cool.  I would have just settled for friendly and prompt.I hate to admit it, but if I had to choose between Olive Garden and Harley's I'd choose Olive Garden.  Luckily there's Red Devil!
2	I love good Italian food - but last night just didn't make the list of "places with good Italian food". We had a group of 9 and Harleys was very accommodating with a large enough table, and the service was excellent. We started with one of the specials - bruschetta with goat cheese. The bread had extremely large chunks of goat cheese covering it, which might be good if you didn't want to taste the bread or seasonings, but turns out... I like tasting the bread and seasonings too. So, even after taking half the goat cheese off, I found that the bread was saturated with balsamic vinaigrette - very soggy. The timing was also off in bringing out our food. As the waiter set down the appetizer, he said "oh, and your pizza is ready. I'll bring that out too", keeping in mind that no one else at our table of 9 had received their meals yet and we hadn't even taken a bite of the appetizer. So, the pizza comes out and it looks like what my hospital cafeteria makes... and it tastes identical. Although, it may have been even greasier than the hospital cafeteria pizza. We brought home the leftovers, but I doubt they'll even get eaten.Sorry Harley's... the service was great, but the food was not. Hoping I was there on a night when a substitute chef was in the kitchen since most of the other reviews are so positive.
4	What is better than Harley's in the flesh?Harleys day two!I normally hate leftovers, but let me tell you, the spaghetti marinara on day two was absolutely amazing!I have had the Emperor Salad, the marinara and the cheese ravioli. I also had a bite of the gnocchi once. All of the food is extremely flavorful with huge portions. I also think it is reasonably priced. They have a good wine selection; I especially enjoy the Chard. My favorite item is the tiramisu, though. Oh god is it good. Like a little slice of heaven right on the plate in front of you!My only complaint about the restaurant is that it is always really hot in there!  Service was good all times, but I did once have a server who was a tad sarcastic.Overall I really like Harley's and now I am craving some tiramisu!!!
2	I hate to do this to you Harley's, especially considering how fond so many of my friends are of you, but give me a freakin' break!!Can you say overpriced? Can you say completely un-inventive menu? Yes I know that's a made up word, but it fits so deal with it. Can you say laughable wine list?? I can, HARLEY'S.I hate to be so harsh, but my Spaghetti Bolognese tasted like it came from Sbarro at the mall. The pasta was soggy, the sauce was flavorless, I was just completely unimpressed from start to finish. Listen, if you're going to make and serve low-grade knockoff Italian food, be my guest, but don't you dare charge higher-end prices! Don't even get my started on the $10 salad with dressing that so obviously came out of the bottle.In the business of full disclosure, my pasta dish was 800 times better the next day, but more likely as a result of me adding my own sauce to it before re-heating rather than it magically improving on its own.The only saving grace Harley's had for me was our server Justin. He was a doll. Attentive, courteous, and really f*cking hot. So, maybe I'm a little biased, whatever, sue me.I really wanted to like Harley's, I really really did, but sadly, I could not. Especially not with The Parlor opening just a couple of miles up the road.
5	So, although I live in Scottsdale, just Harley's yummy cheesy garlic bread is totally worth the drive, not to mention all the other authentic, freshly made Italian dishes!! I am ADDICTED, I admit it. Their bread is so fresh and delicious, I've never had another Italian bread like it. Its especially enjoyable with the house Chardonnay, which is very reasonably priced. Then, when I feel like completely forgetting the concept of calorie control, I order the Fettuccini Alfredo. This dish is made the way it was supposed to be, heavy cream and butter; CAN YOU SAY YUM? AND I can add whatever I feel like to it. For example, chicken and garlic. Harley's has an intimate ambiance and is a perfect place for a romantic dinner for two, or even a  large family gathering. I highly recommend Harley's Bistro.
4	From the outside of Harley's you wouldn't expect much, but inside the food was very good.  The fresh bread and olive oil are very addicting! I had a caesar salad that was very delicious, and pasta primavera that was also very good.  However, the best was the tiramisu!! It was to die for!! I will definitely  be dining here again!
3	This is the first place I went to when I got into Phoenix for vacation, my cousin who lives in phoenix with his wife brought myself, and a friend of theirs to this fine little place in their neighborhood.  I liked the decor, it added an old west flavor to Italian style cooking.  We sat near the bar.  I order the Scampi fra diavalo.  It was bigger than I had expected.  And as expected did not finish it, however, ate all the shrimps with it.  Before that, we had hot bread with oil dressing, which was very good.  The service was friendly and I really enjoyed it.  Definitely worth making another trip someday, but will ask for what might be smaller to eat.  As for drinks, I had a blue moon and with everything, the prices were reasonable.
5	Harley's is my staple for a chill meal.  I enjoy coming here by myself, especially after a hectic day.  Well, I had had a hellacious week and after going to the SuTRA party tonight, with no dinner in my gut, I headed to Harley's around 8:30 for a bite to eat.I get their weekly email, which includes specials.  This week, they debuted new appetizers:  three different kinds of bruschetta.  I rarely get bruschetta because I am just not a huge bread person.  But, I saw "roasted garlic" and had to try it.  I've had just about everything on the menu here.I also ordered the calamari diavolo appetizer.  It's sauteed with HUGE hunks of garlic, served with their spicy red sauce - my favorite red sauce ever!  The bruschetta was ooey-gooey cheesy with a good portion of freshly chopped tomatoes on top.  Made me feel a little less guilty about the cheesy goodness.As always, Ed, the bartender, and my Justin made the evening!  It's such a comfortable place with friendly staff that I never stop raving about it.  Example: http://blogs.phoenixnewtimes.com/bella/what_are_you_eating/
5	Harley's served my rehearsal dinner the night before my wedding.  As nervous my now husband and I were that night, neither of us had any problem scarfing down the awesome pasta and cheesy bread!!  It was a huge hit my the family as well!  Thanks again!!!
4	The outside facade and awkward parking situation don't do this place justice. Maybe that's a good thing: drivers-by won't be swayed by any fancy paint colors or new-fangled signs (minus the white board announcing Harley's new menu items). Harley's is an upscale establishment, you just have to get inside to get that feeling. I haven't been here for dinner, but escaped work for a long lunch and really wanted to stay through the afternoon. Rich italian pasta dishes and good wine are a winning combination. I went on a Friday afternoon for lunch, and the place was almost empty, which did worry me. I think it may just be a best kept secret, though, because 11 dollars for lunch and a glass of wine combined with an attentive wait staff and an upscale but comfortable atmosphere? That's a secret I'd want to keep, too.
3	Although a good restaurant, not a place I would go out of my way for. We dropped in while on a stop during first friday, and it was pretty busy. The staff were attentive and helpful, although I thought the prices were a little high. While the portions are big, I'd much rather have mixed veggies than pasta and although I didn't ask if this was an option, I didn't see it on the menu as one. The lamb shank and bacon wrapped shrimp were good though, and we both left full and ready to make the trek back to the light rail.
4	Recently I was talking to a friend about how much I enjoyed eating at Harley's Italian Bistro when the restaurant participated in Dining Out For Life. He looked at me blankly and then it finally clicked. "I totally forgot about that place!" he said.It seems that many people may have the same reaction because during several recent visits many tables sat empty, even on a Friday night. Let me just say, you're missing out.It's understandable that Harley's has been voted some of the Valley's best Italian food for several years in a row the food is delicious, comforting and affordable. The sauces are made in house, carrying on a tradition of from scratch recipes dating back from the Roman Table days, if you can remember that far back.Owners Lynn and Mike McGarry have recently updated the space with new artwork and fresh paint, but the friendliness of the staff is unchanged.The food is simple and uncomplicated. Roasted Garlic & Cream Cheese Bruschetta ($8) is bread, cheese, garlic, tomatoes and basil, then finished with a bit of olive oil. Nothing masked or hidden, the flavors of the creamed cheeses and garlic are tasty. I only wish that the tomatoes had been ripened a bit longer, as they weren't as tender as they could have been.Salsiccie Alla Vodka ($13) starts with farfalle pasta combined with sweet Italian sausage, roasted red peppers, mushrooms, onions that are tossed in a vodka gorgonzola cream sauce. This bowl left me reaching for more of the house made bread to pick up the remains of the sauce.When you visit Harley's Bistro's Web site you can sign up for e-mails about nightly specials. For instance, Thursday nights are getting to be known for Lasagna ($10), a thick slab of layered pasta sheets, sausage, cheese and ricotta all baked up hot and bubbly. If I had an Italian grandmother, I'd hope she'd cook just like this, comfort and joy.Available for dinner only Thursday through Sunday, Harley's also serves a mean Hand-Tossed Pizza (small $10/large $13). The crust comes out pale, but the chewy texture makes up for the lack of color. The many toppings include tender meatballs and juicy sausage, paired up with a choice of sauces, including one of my favorites, creamy alfredo. You can't go wrong here.Desserts include the usual suspects, such as Cannoli ($5), Tiramisu ($6.50) and Cheesecake ($5.50). After eating so much, we just shared a few selections of Berto's Ice Cream ($6.50) Pistachio Tartufo and Lemon Strawberry Sorbet. I wish that these had been served in a bowl rather than on a plate with chocolate syrup and whipped cream; some things are just better plain.Food this tasty should never be forgotten.
4	Been here countless times for lunch and once for dinner- my birthday dinner at that. Rain looked to ruin our reservation at Cibo, so my bf and sister quickly changed plans to Harley's. Our party of six was seated on time and had drinks and bread promptly. Everyone enjoyed their meals and drinks. The lemon drop martini I had was fabulous. My birthday dessert was tiramisu and it was incredible. Every lunch experience has been with Justin- he is by far one of the best servers in the city! The bread is simple and hot. But the infused olive oil steals the show. You can purchase and enjoy at home. The gnocchi and ravioli are amazing! The prices are fair and menu extensive. I love Harley's and will continue to dine there whenever I'm craving great Italian!
4	Finally decided to check this place out a few days ago, and what a pleasant surprise!  I NEVER go out for Italian food because A) I'm Italian and prefer my Italian food the way I prepare it and B) lived in Italy for several years and usually find myself disappointed. Now I won't say that the meal we had was comparable to anything I was used to in Italy, but the food was good. We split the Calamari Fritti and the Gnocchi with Pesto Cream Sauce. The Calamari was cooked to perfection, and the batter nice and thin (the way it's SUPPOSED to be). the Gnocchi was more dense than it's supposed to be, which makes it gummy. The sauce was good though, I'll just order something else nexxt time. They have a pretty good wine menu, and I was able to sit and have a glass in the bar while I was waiting for my takeout. Overall what a cool little spot, glad to have an Italian spot to eat here in Cen Pho
4	Ate here for the second time tonight.  Really solid traditional Italian food.  Great staff!  Our waiter, Robert, was very attentive without being over-bearing.  Stuck with the pasta dishes, which were great.  The deserts are fabulous!  I highly recommend this locally owned restaurant.
2	First off, I love Italian food and I am forgiving when I go eat it...but I've been here several times (I didn't pay or I probably wouldn't have gone back after the first time!)  I've sampled several menu items, including the Chicken Caesar Sandwich and the Eggplant and the Fettuccine Alfredo and honestly?  My Alfredo is better!The biggest problem is that the chicken has been very dry as was the bread...stale, really....and the Fettuccine with Chicken was very bland.  The sauce was like a bottled sauce.meh, I didn't buy my meals but I won't take my money here either!
4	So we ended up there again last night after a failed attempt to check out Cafe Italia (didn' t know it was closed on Sundays). We were sat immediately, and had a dope server (I think his name was Justin?). We started with the fried calamari, which was very good. Much better this time than the last. I had this rigatoni dish with mushrooms, prosciutto and a tomato cream sauce. It was sooooo good, huge portions. We've got leftovers for tonight! Wifey had this pasta with ricotta, spinach and onions and a light tomato sauce. it was pretty good, a little bland for my taste but not bad. My son ordered the Stromboli and, as a funny surprise, was the size of a small child. And for the record, it was a good  stromboli too. It had tons of meats, which did make it a tad salty, but it was good. My advice is to share this with somebody, since it's friggin humongous. Overall great service, good fool. Hell yeah I'll be back.
4	I notice that the incredibly bad reviews on this restaurant lean heavily toward visiting residents from Colorado.  I'm not sure what they might be used to - perhaps braised goat testicles in a red wine sauce? (Ewww.)  While our northern visitors panned this place hard, Harley's still lives up to that quintessential neighborhood Italian eatery role.  Yes,  the decor is a bit "cheesy", but it is precisely the kind of theater that sets the stage for a nice pasta and wine dinner that the whole family can enjoy.  I think it's important to lighten up when critiquing the ambiance in a neighborhood Italian restaurant, don't you?Pricey?  What?!  I can't recall anything on the menu that would qualify for "Pricey".  (You want pricey, go to Ruth's Chris  and order the a-la-carte $8 baked potato, served table-side.)  You get the picture.  If what you're wanting is a high end, Michelin-starred experience you might want to head east toward Scottsdale and hit Mastro's after you've paid off your credit card or robbed a bank.In my opinion, this type of restaurant is a staple in the casual dining sect.  They're consistent, affordable, and they have a nice bar area to meet friends or simply enjoy "date night" with your significant other."Haters" they're not.  Someone assumed they were being treated badly for being a "straight" couple.  Might I suggest there may have been some "projecting" happening?  This place is as attitude-free as any other place in the "Gay-borhood".  Again...the Rocky Mountain area is clearly not as open minded about minorities, as Phoenix is.At the end of the day, I say "Go, and enjoy yourself" and know that you can afford to come back whenever you like!
4	I so love that Harley's not only kept the old Roman Table feel (Roman Table was named Olivia's before her son bought her out), but after 6 years, their food still tastes like Olivia herself is in the kitchen making the sauces, instead of walking around greeting everyone. The new owners are very helpful and friendly. They have changed only the few parts of the menu that could use some updating. Like the Gnocchi (Potato dumplings) plate prepared in a cream pesto or a basil rosata sauce (half marinara & half alfredo sauce) for $11.00.I had the Chicken alla Panna and it was so very delicious. The sauce was light, not too creamy and very delicious. The tender chicken breast was pounded thin then sauteed (but not overcooked-which is hard to do), served with mushrooms & fresh herbs in a brandy  cream sauce. It came with a side of fettuccine alfredo (which was the only -1 star of the evening). The alfredo cream sauce was more like a butter broth and very bland-not one of their best. The plate was a large serving and cost $13.75. Since I was actually at a Christmas Party (thanks tiffany!) we had a salad and tiramisu as part of our meal. The salad was served with fresh mixed greens, onion (no thanks!), zucchini, carrots and red cabbage. The balsamic dressing wasn't very impressive, but it worked. I added tons of Parmesan cheese to this salad ^_~.I'm extremely picky about tiramisu since i make a deo one of my own, but this place has it hands down right on the mark. Its so fabulous, not too much liquor & not too sweet. It definitely tasted like the real thing (missing you Chambersburg, Trenton, New Jersey, you were the only reason worth staying! -Its an old Italian Immigrant area famous for the intimate Italian eateries)I would recommend this place to everyone on every budget because real & affordable Italian food is hard to come by in this town. But please veer away from the fettuccine alfredo (you could probably make a better one at home!)
2	My friend's love meeting here for dinner all the time. I don't know why. The restaurant is a cheesy Italian atmosphere trying hard to be a fancy establishment and honestly its a little dirty. The food is eh and expensive. Every pasta dish I get tastes the same- mushy and greasy, but the pizza really is very good. If you must go- ask for Justin he is the greatest server and I'm always happy when he serves us- so adorable and prompt!
4	I started my Saturday adventures early, as I knew I had a lot of ground to cover. On the agenda was my regular Saturday trip to the Phoenix Public Market, plus I knew I had to go BOTH the Indian Market at the Heard Museum AND the Melrose District/7th Ave Street Fair. Skipping my brunch meal at the PHX Market, I hoped to get something as I wandered the Indian Market. But oh my the lines were long. Tired and hungry I continued my journey via light rail and foot to 7th Ave and Indian School. After checking out the old cars a few shops and all the booths, I decided to do a sit down late lunch at Harley's. I had worked up quite the apatite. It was 3pm and I hadn't eaten all day. The bar was packed so I opted to be seated at a table near the entrance. My server was very kind and checked in on me frequently. Starting off with some sliced warm fresh bread and seasoned olive oil, I knew I was in for a treat. They were serving off of both the Lunch and Dinner menus. I couldn't decide, but I was given ample opportunity to and finally ordered the Fettuccine della Casa from the lunch menu. The dish also included the house garden salad. Now this took a while after ordering to show. Maybe it was because I was expecting the salad first followed by the pasta. But in this case they came out at the same time. The salad was nothin special but it was fresh and I was hungry. As I finished my salad it allowed my steamy pasta dish to cool to a civil temperature for consuming. This was a generous portion of sliced chicken breast in a tomato cream sauce with roasted red peppers and mushrooms served over fettuccine. After a generous sprinkling of crushed red pepper, it was much better than I expected. For a Lunch portion it was a generous serving. For $8 and change not including tip I had bread, salad and a wonderful pasta dish that I completely enjoyed. I will surely be back to enjoy soon.
3	I can't help but follow in Georgie S's footsteps. I've been here a few times with friends that are crazy pasta fiends, and I've enjoyed the food, and I always enjoy their company. However, I can't help but agree that Harley's is way overpriced. I want to give you more stars, but I have a hard time finding tomato-less items and the bill always makes me feel like I can't enjoy the rest of my week.I do have to say though that the atmosphere is top notch relaxing. I always feel at ease here and only one time has there been a noise issue, which makes me wonder why the out of towner's didn't have their birthday party elsewhere...I can't say I'll give it up for good, but I definitely have to think twice every time I agree to dine here.
4	This place is amazing. Took my fiance here for a romantic dinner and then later took my soon to be inlaws out. Prices are higher than I'd like but food is worth it. Service is good as well. The atmosphere is really what does it though. It is small and quaint and very romantic!
4	The outside is not much to look at, but the inside is cozy and inviting. The bread was good but tasted microwaved. My entree Melanzane Vesuvio was very good. Great sauce and flavor. Good portion as well. The balsamic vinegar dressing tasted homemade (very yummy)My co-diner ordered the Salsiccie Alla Vodka. This dish was so very good and so very rich!  The prices were very reasonable. The service was great as well. I would say the only drawback is that as people arrived the noise level was distracting. The place is small and has few elements to absorb noise. I am definitely going again,
2	Harley's is always a mixed bag, but a locally-owned one. Never stellar, your chances for a great meal are stymied by some really poor choices in cheap ingredients. --great spot to chill, chat and a cheap Chardonnay.--eccentric service makes for a wildcard every time (could be good or bad)--garlic bread little better than the "garlic bread to go" special at the supermarket checkout endcap as an impulse buy--the bag salad mix (also available from "pick your store"),--pool of olive oil for dipping.--wine selection is a bit off with nothing that is really special.--Alfredo usually bland, but thankfully can be thickened with as much Parmesan as you want.--Shrimp Diablo sometimes risky, shrimps usually cooked perfectly, but sometimes overdone.--Glass tops over maroon linens shows corner-cutting philosophy and makes me nervous. (It's entirely different at Persian Garden where I know those linens under glass are precious.)Having said all that, I'd choose Harley's any day over Christo's or the chains-that-shall-not-be-named.Least important is the rich history of this place. Just about the only thing remaining from the old days is the front door which is no longer used.Originally "Livia's" it was considered one of the best Italian places in town. Given, that was before Mary Elaine's woke us up with a jolt to the possibilities of cuisine. Changing appetites and consumer tastes baffled the former owners and the place went Roman Table until Phoenix Light Rail wiped bars Harley's and Harley's Too from the Camelback Corridor at 3rd Avenue.
4	It has been quite a while since I've been to Harley's Italian Bistro.  Tonight we went and had one of the bread appetizers.  It was quite good and then my friend ordered the ravioli and I tried a chicken entree with pesto.  Mine was quite wonderful, but the rule I find at Harley's is that not to finish your meal, have about half and take the other with you as the cuisine ends up being a bit rich on the digestive system.  Our waiter was polite, in fact almost old world, old school polite, it was so sweet.  Thanks Pablo.  The food was great, came out relatively fast, service was attentive and it's a relaxing environment.  When I'm craving Italian, I'll be sure to drop by more often.
5	I used to come here when it was The Roman Table. Which was an incredible family run Italian restaurant.   Loved it.                                            I came again when It became Harley's Roman Table, not so great at that point. You want the bread with meal and ask before you try to take away the food at the table.  Ambiance was not there.                                                  So i guess they learned a few things when they started loosing business.  The name is now Harley's Italian Bistro......   Anyway, now It is much better. Food was very good, and the service was incredible. They have definitely improved everything.  It is a romantic date restaurant, like it used to be.  The bread with infused olive oil was wonderful, food great ,with lots of it. So we would go back, YES!! Actually i can't wait to go back.
4	I have been to Harley's twice and both times the service and food have been great!  The food is always hot and has great flavors.  The wine is a pretty small but good selection.  I would go here again to avoid the chain places like Olive Garden or Oreganos!
3	After years of passing this joint and my wanna be Italian hubby wanted to eat here we finally explored. We started with the meatballs (app) huge 2 meatballs in a creamy pink sauce. DIVINE!!! would come back for these alone. I had shrimp fradiavlo eh it was okay and husband had chix parm SHOCKER!! cute quite place mainly gay men.. overall it was okay.
5	This restaurant was a pleasant surprise.  My husband and I were very satisfied with our meal.  My dish was Fettucini with shrimp.  The sauce was the best I have ever had and the shrimp were cooked to perfection.  My husband had a spaghetti dish with the most sausage I have ever seen.  I can't wait to go back.
4	I have been here before when it was the Roman Table, always good. The family has sold it and a new guy has it.  Almost as good. The ambiance is not quite as romantic. But, it was still really nice. The food was very good and huge amounts.  However, we did get the Caprise salad and the tomatoes were not  ripe. That really is my only complaint.  Other than that great!  Lots of parking in the back of the  restaurant.
4	Went here for lunch one day and was surprised by the great food.  Although it's a bit heavy as a lunch food, I couldn't resist, being the pasta fiend that I am.  My table got pasta dishes.  I saw other diners being served gigantic sandwiches.The pasta portion was filling.  However, for the price, I would expect a bit more.  It is a little pricey for a lunch.  The area wasn't very busy, so the restaurant wasn't either.  Service was great.I would come back for the food, though probably at dinner time, to get my money's-worth.
3	I really wanted to love Harley's, unfortunately I just ended up kinda liking it. The atmosphere was nice. A warm, old fashioned, neighborhood restaurant.The service was nice. Our waiter was super nice and the owner came out and welcomed us. However my husband had to wait awhile to get a water refill.The food I have mixed feelings over. I really liked the garlic bread that started the meal. However, when we ordered a refill, the refill was a bit burnt.I ordered their version of eggplant parmesean. The first bite I had was fantastic. The tomato sauce on the pasta was fresh tasting. But as I ate more and more something was bothering me. There was an overwhelming amount of butter in the dish. The eggplant had tons of butter and the pasta was tossed in butter as well.The butter in my husband's primavera dish didn't bother him. Maybe because he was going vegetarian for the week and appreciated the richness. I think we will give it another try... there is alot of effort at Harley's and the vibe is great.
4	A hidden gem when it comes to home cooked italian
4	I went here tonight with the BF to use a Voice deal and I'm really glad we did because the food was mighty tasty. We were the only people in the restaurant, which made me nervous, but it also made for very good service, with our bread and water never being left empty. The bread was fresh and warm and fairly tasty. I had the cheese ravioli and it was very good. The marinara had a lot of flavor and the portion size was perfect. The BF got the gnocchi in the creamy pink sauce (rosa I think?) and his was also tasty, with a rich buttery flavor. My only complaint was I really REALLY wanted to try their tiramisu (pretty much the whole reason I bought the deal...) and they didn't have any.... truly sad for me. Luckily, we will most likely come back here again and be able to try the tiramisu then (hopefully...).
3	Stopped in here for the first time on a Wed night. The place was pretty much empty, but we were welcomed right away. My husband noticed a nasty odor when we came in the front door, his guess was the mop head needs to be replaced...mildewy,dirty water sort of smell... I don't know, I didn't notice it.Anyway, I have some food intolerances, the main one being dairy. Yes, that's tough in an Italian restaurant, but not impossible. Our server was very happy to check back in the kitchen on the ingredients in different dishes. In the end I got a custom dinner that worked well for me. The portions were very large. Mine looked like I hadn't even eaten any of it!Hubby had dessert - chocolate coated pistachio icecream with sweet Italian cream..... very unique and he enjoyed it very much!Pros: friendly staff, menu flexibility, taste & portion sizeCons: funky smell (but correctable), a little pricey ,bread wasn't warm & no refills offered to us.Hubby & I decided we would dine there again.
4	Clean. Great service. Well priced. Delicious penne pastore. NJ neighborhood Italian restaurant
5	I'll be the first to say I'm no Italian food expert, but I felt that Harley's might have the best marinara sauce I've had, not too acidic, with just the right amount of sweetness.  I went here for lunch the other day and had the meatball sub and the sauce made the sandwich.  I also had the chop salad which was good.  The warm bread was amazing.I felt as though the prices and portion sizes were more than reasonable for lunch.  Service was good, never had an empty drink.I will definitely be back!
5	I LOVE this place. I have never had a meal here I did not like. They bring fresh bread and oil to your table, which is hard not to fill up on before your meal comes. But save room. The lunch portions are huge and I'm not a big eater so I usually have two meals out of it. My favorite is the Salsiccie Alla Vodka, but everything I have tried on the menu I have loved.Recent remodel has helped open up the place. Service used to be pretty slow for a lunch hour, but the last time I was there the service was fantastic. Hands down the best Italian restaurant in this area.
2	I really was hoping that I would like Harley's, as it is super close to us and would be the perfect neighborhood Italian place. Unfortunately, I was rather underwhelmed by today's experience. This is the first time I have actually been inside. I heard that it has recently been redone, so I cannot compare it to prior, but I thought the place looked rather inviting. Unfortunately, the food is just not that good. We had the calamari fritti, which I consider a safe choice. They did not taste bad - they tasted like nothing at all. I tried putting lemon on them, then marinara sauce, then salt. Finally I dipped them in olive oil. Each time it made them more memorable, but not more edible. We also tried the pizza (both the Italian meat pizza and the pesto chicken one). If I had bought a frozen pizza at the store and it tasted like that fresh out of the oven I would have thought of it as pretty good pizza and probably bought it again. However, I expect more of an Italian restaurant, especially considering how long it took to prepare (and there was only one other couple in the entire place). Overall, I am just disappointed. This place has great potential. I'm not saying I'll never come back. Maybe I'll have better luck with a pasta dish in the future. I just know it won't be for a while.
4	I can't believe I haven't reviewed Harley's before; have been going to Harley's for many years.  Love the Alfredo sauce, fried calamari, piccata sauce (just wish they kept the sole, instead of tilapia), pizzas are great. The new open space tends to make the restaurant a little louder than before.  Glad you reopened, will be back many times...
3	I like for this eatery for its family-run charm and handmade dishes.It's a cute little spot, with a bar in the middle of the restaurant and linen-covered tables. The staff is very friendly, too, but what makes me like Harley's the most is the food.For my appetizer, I started with a garden salad, which came with carrots, cabbage, zucchini and onions. I was amazed at the giant size of the thing, because it could have been a meal in itself, and I really loved the abundance of carrots in the salad.For my entree, I got fettuccine alfredo, which, again, was an enormous portion that required me to box up more than half of it. You can also get it with chicken or shrimp. The pasta was thick, the sauce was creamy, and the parmesan cheese I added on top was great. It was a very classic Italian dish, and though it was simple, it tasted fresh and great.For dessert, I got housemade tiramisu, my favorite dessert ever. Surprise, surprise: it was another huge portion (not that I'm complaining.) The cream on top was interesting because it was so thick-almost like a frosting. While it wasn't the consistency I'm used to, the taste was great.The meal was incredibly filling, and the atmosphere was relaxed enough to not feel rushed and really enjoy dining there. It was another great deal, since it was really like getting two meals in one.
2	are you all kidding me with these reviews?!  come on people, have you never had decent itallian food?  hell, i would settle for olive garden!  i've been to this place twice.  once about 6 years ago and just recently since they renovated or gave the place a face lift.  they cheep out on the ingredients, the wine is super low end and the art they are displaying is hung so poorly it undermines the artists!the staff is pleasant enough but i was almost run down by the delivery driver in the parking lot, who btw, threw me attitude when he had to get by me inside!  how dare i react to almost getting run over or at the very least, bullied out of his way.all i can say is use fresh, fresh fresh...whenever you can and invest in a wine expert or hell even a few classes might do the trick.  oh yeah, run over that delivery guy;)
4	I was initially a little intimidated by the super reflective front windows and lack of a clear entrance (it's in the back), but once I stepped inside Harley's I knew I had made a good eating choice. The vibe is dressy meets casual - sound like an oxymoron? I know, but it's true. You can wear jeans, but maybe toss on a nicer shirt if it is close to dinner time. More of a lunch crowd? Don't stress over what you are wearing too much. It is not the Olive Garden - thank baby Jesus - but you can still be casual. The food has a home cooked feel. Nothing is super fancy, but nothing tastes pre-made either. The marinara is flavorful, the bread is delish, the pasta tastes fresh and well-cooked. The staff is friendly, but perhaps they have a frequent turnover as the service is a bit unpredictable (sometimes it's a bit slow, but the people are always kind). All in all - if you want unbelievable cuisine, maybe go a little more fancy. But, if you are looking for well made, tasty, neighborhood Italian food - this is the place for you!
5	I LOVE THIS RESTAURANT!  For years owned by a wonderful couple, in recent months the excellent menu and great location changed hands.  The new owners are clearly in LOVE with serving their clientele with fabulous NEW dishes while keeping the best of the traditional menu from the past.  The ambiance is hip but not haughty, the wait staff courteous and fun but not overbearing.  Without a doubt, for lunch, dinner and drinks-- with friends, family or the Special One in your life, Harley's Italian Bistro is the BEST!!!
1	No dice , cold veal and burnt pizza all in one meal on a typical Friday night.... Fail ! New owners have killed this popular spot for me permanently. We went with a bunch of friends to celebrate one of their birthdays and received very little to no service at all. Took 30 mins to get our drinks and after 50 mins we received our orders. Two were luke warm and one of the pizza's were burnt and un-edible and the other pizza was like shoe leather and obviously was frozen dough. When asked about it the management was rude and defended the service and did not offer to help other than to say sorry and better luck next time and made us pay the full bill.
2	This used to be one of my favorite places in Phoenix. I am so very disappointed.  The Alfredo was bland.  The bread was cold and hard.  The plate holding the olive oil was dirty.  The waiter did not come to the table often.  I had shrimp fra diavolo. I do not know if they changed the recipe, but it was not good.  I am sad about this review because I used to love this place.  Things are not the same since Justin left.  I will probably not go back.
5	1st timer, spaghetti squash was amazing! Met the owners, both were very friendly and welcoming. I really liked this place. I'll def be back for more. Thanks Stacie and Charlette!
4	My dining experience was pleasant, I like the atmosphere, we had a chefs special salad(don't know what it was called but it was gooood), and the goat n artichoke pizza, everything was delicious, took a little long to get dishes but the food made me forget about the time soon as it arrived. The server was a little inattentive seemed to be scared or intimidated perhaps. Overall I would definitely dine here again, hopefully we'll get a different server.
3	Well, first allow me to explain my choice of 3 stars in lieu of 4. If I could have put 3 1/2  stars, I would.  I have been dining at HARLEY'S for many years. Both lunch and dinner. I like what the new owner's have done with regards to the decor and overall ambiance. Much better than what they had prior. I LOVE the fact that the wall that once divided the dining area is now gone, and the tables look much better, along with the decorative piece in the center of the room.  A lot more upscale of a look, and the server seemed much more in tune with the dining experience overall. HOWEVER....I met a friend there for dinner on Wednesday night around 6pm. The place was empty, save for (3) tables being utilized. We waited for what seemed like an eternity for someone to see us standing there waiting to be seated, (in fact, we were just getting ready to walk out, when the nice young lady who would be our server, saw us and seated us.) Bullett statements from this point forward: PRO'S;House Pinot Grigio was good....better than some "better wines" I have had.  I had a half carafe and my friend had water and a soda.Server dressed in a nice black dress...appeared more like a hostess/friend rather than a traditional server...I like that idea. Gives it a personal and upscale feel...more relaxed too. (very nice touch)Salads spaced apart just right from our entree's. Didn't feel rushed through our salads, and we actually had time to have a conversation without constant interruptions.Salads were much better than expected and had a wonderful variety/taste.Entree's were plentiful and HOT.  Didn't have that warmed over taste. I felt like our server knew exactly how to space out salads and entree without rushing us.CONS;Our bread didn't come to our table until long after our drink orders. Should have been prepared and ready to be served by 6pm. Bread once served, was below average and underwhelming.  Second basket that we asked for was falling apart and not very tasty. Not something I really can say I enjoyed. This is an item they need to work really hard on, to improve.  Believe it or not, in a good Italian restauarant your bread can make or break you.Our wait to be seen, and seated. It was dead in there. Someone should always be ready to notice new patrons and seat them as soon as possible. The wait for a table was ridiculous.Overall, the experience (minus the ridiculous wait and crappy bread) was excellent. Our server was sweet, polite, and classy. Dining experience was nicely timed, not rushed, and a great dining experience overall.  I tipped our lady well, and will be back again. Just hope the owner's really read these reviews and make changes where needed.
2	Wanted to love it as it's in our neighborhood - Service - waitress seemed lost and intimidated - forgot to put in our appetizer order, had to be prompted for refills on all drinks and water, and SLOOOW.  Other staff seemed more concerned with clearing tables then maybe helping her.  Finally another waitress showed up and things seemed to move (as we were leaving)Food - Cheese garlic bread was wonderful if not delayed in being ordered, bread on table to start meal was similar in texture to sliced wonderbread.  Olive oil to dip was wondferful. - Alfredo sauce?  swear it had no parm in it at all - tasted like just cream and butter - pasta I think was homemade -  all other meals were forgettable.Will keep trying to find a local italian place -
3	I am not posting here to negatively criticize, but more to inform so they can improve something that is an easy fix. The food we had last night was fantastic. Seriously some of the best we've ever had. But the service, was terrible. We walked in at about 8pm last night and stood at the door for about 5 minutes without having anyone say a word to us. Staff made eye contact with us and walked off... we literally were ready to walk out the door when finally someone approached us. He seated us but didn't acknowledge the fact we had been waiting for so long with no interaction from anyone, and said someone would be with us. We waited for around 10-15 minutes before anyone came up to our table, while the same person who seated us happened to have taken a couple's order (who sat at the bar AFTER us) AND served them their appetizer. We again, talked about walking out but decided to stay because of the great reviews. The service once someone actually came to our table was okay- wasn't terrible and wasn't spectacular. The problem is the amount of time we had to wait to even be acknowledged from the minute we walked in until served. The food is amazing, so we will be back for a second try, but If it weren't for the food..... Now that's a different story.
3	This was a tricky review to write. I REALLY wanted to like this place, it came so highly recommended, but my experience was less than ideal. We went on a Thursday for their $25 couples menu. I'll start at the beginning... The hostess seated us. That was it. No menus, nothing. Just seated us. Ok. Fine. I assumed that meant that the server would be along shortly, after all she was at the table right next to us. We waited over 10 minutes just to be acknowledged. We didn't even get a "Hi guys, I'll be with you in one sec" which I would have been fine with. Eventually the server came over and asked if we wanted anything to drink. Still no menus at this point. Luckily, we didn't want anything fancy, since we had no idea what they had in terms of drinks. Another few minutes passed and she brought us menus, and within 5 minutes came back sans drinks and asked if we were ready to order. Yeah, no. She was more concerned about the 6 top of college kids than the 2 lesbians by the window. We'd been there almost half an hour before getting our drinks and our bread (which was good). I just wasn't impressed.Our food, however, was excellent. Unfortunately, because I procrastinated  in writing this review, I can no longer find what we ordered on their menu, so I can't even recommend it. I think I had the penne pastore, which had incredible flavours, and my partner had something with farfale. But since Harley's has since removed their date night menu from their website I can't tell you exactly what. The portion sizes were perfect, and $25 per couple for an appetiser, 2 small entrees and dessert, the price was definitely right. I do remember getting the calimari as an appetiser, and it was ok, but I've definitely had better. The pieces were thin, and it was kind of greasy. There tended to be more breading than squid, which I hate. If you're a fan of good calamari, I'd say try the bruschetta. Dessert was amazing, though! We got the chocolate lava cake and shared between the two of us it was just enough sweet and a great way to end the meal. Looking at the other reviews, I don't think my service issues were a fluke. It seems to be a recurring theme here. You'd think they'd get the hint and start trying to fix it. The food was good at least, but there's nothing that can put a damper on a date night faster than awful service. Bring the service up to par with the food, and this could easily be a 4-5 star restaurant, between the food and the ambiance. But seriously.... if I was rating on service alone it'd be a 1 star... if that.
4	Excellent food, consistently! The decor is cute; they recently remodeled. I am not a fan of the art because it is just not my taste, but the walls have colorful art work, and it appears to be a local artist, so I am a fan! This place has character and local flavor. The owners are present and friendly. The food is sooooo good! Tonight we had a new server, and we were her second table. Service wasn't great, but she seemed to be trying. She forgot our salads and when we asked for them, she still didn't bring the one we still wanted until our food was finished. Then she charged us for the salad brought at the end of our meal. My in-laws are way too nice to say something, and they were paying the bill, so I kept my mouth shut. The owner stopped by, prior to the salad incident, to see how things were going. She was friendly and complimentary to our baby, always a plus. I had the linguini with clams in a wine sauce. Outstanding! This dish tends to be oily at some restaurants, but not at Harleys. It comes in a wine sauce. So yummy! We love this place, and we will continue to return, with friends.I want to try to tiramisu. The service is typically very good, by the way.
1	I've been to Harley's several times for brunch and enjoyed it several months ago (breakfast pizza with egg and bacon was amazing). They've recently (in the past couple of months switched to a "Buffet". The past 2 times I've gone it was really lacking. Food was cold, plates were not on the buffet table, chafing dishes had no heat, or were empty. We pretty much had to ask for just about anything you might want. The last time I went, there was a drag show that appeared to be put on by the employees. Could have been FUN!! but no.. feedback from the bad sound system made it unbearable.Food was cold, seemed to me they were more interested in having fun than actually serving a decent meal as all the employees were lined up at the bar to get drinks and nobody was dealing with the food or dining experience.They have posted on their website that Brunch is $20, but they charged $25. They were more concerned about everyone getting "Boozed up" than anything else.The owner was boozing up and talking about how great a success it was and how they need to have more events like that. I disagree.If you want to have a good brunch, or go to a good "show", Harley's isn't the place.
4	I've been to Harley's several times through the years. Most recently about 2 weeks ago with Mr. It's Complicated. For what (I didn't know then) would be our last meal out together.We sat at the bar, enjoyed the fresh bread and herbs with olive oil. I had the amazing pasta dish with penne, sausage, peppers, onions, chile flakes and red sauce.Complicated ordered a bit off menu and enjoyed a penne alfredo with chicken. We each had a glass of wine - and realized this should be a place we frequent.That's not going to happen - but I will be back. Often, and with family and friends.Ordering off menu was dealt with in a very professional and gracious manner - and though it's not on the menu, they happily sub spaghetti squash for pasta - PERFECT news for my GF and Atkins friends!
5	I live walking distance from Harley's and I do not make it there nearly enough.  Where do I start?  The Staff AMAZING. The food, what's better than amazing? The prices, out of this world affordable.  My partner and I dine there when we have time together.  He is not a pizza guy but I convinced him to get the Prosciutto and Arugula Pizza with Balsamic reduction.  3 months later he is still talking about it.  dinner for 2 with wine for under 30+tip best value in the city  (NOT in  an over crowded chain restaurant with screaming kids) PRICELESS. I am not an employee nor am I related to anyone that works there (I hear some restaurants do that) Stacy and Charlotte you have done a great job.I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE this place
4	Had dinner at Harley's last night.  Great service and great food in a somewhat funky atmosphere - could not have been better!  Outstanding service from a very competent server.  We were greetted at the door and seated immediately.  Menus and water arrived within seconds as did the bread basket.  Our wine order was taken and delivered within a minute or two.  Appitizer of calamari friiti and entrees of linguine alla vongole and penne del pestore - all delicious.  Excellent value for the money and we will be back many times in the future (probably for Sunday brunch very soon).  All in all a very great dining experience.
1	So sad to see the prior owners go!The food is very different though the menu reads the same. Brunch?(seriously NOT Italian), and just sad!I get the re-creation idea, but man, drop the name... change it.We went in thinking it was the same place, and sadly, it's not.Those of us that frequented over the years are sad to see it go, and are disappointed that the recipes have been changed, and further Americanized.
4	We have ordered Harley's to go twice now. It's close to home, so It's convenient for the nights we want to stay in but don't want to cook.The first time we were kept waiting for about 10 minutes while our pizzas got cold in the window.  The bartender was busy, so I get it, but it still hurts to see your food sit, waiting for you.The pizza was good, not great, I think there is definitely better around.The most recent time we ordered a few appetizers.The antipasto plate was a little small.  Nothing too exciting.  The Fig bruchetta was good.  The oragnine di patate were really good, especially the Gorgonzola sauce served with them, I recommend this.  My favorite for the night was the Arugula pear salad.  Really good. I am just between 3 and 4 stars here, I'm not quite there yet, A solid 3 and 3/4, so I'll round up on that. I feel like it's a little on the pricey side for what you get, and nothing to date has really blown me away.  But maybe it requires a dine in experience to get me there, and I am more than willing to give it a try.  The place is nice, very laid back and a little romantic.
5	Harley's is so good, it really should be illegal.The atmosphere is tasteful and intimate.  The wait staff are conscientious and abundantly friendly.  I take all of my out of town friends here for a number of reasons -- the food being the primary one.Let's start with the Bistro Bread, or as I more aptly like to call it crack bread.  You cannot stop at just one piece, so it's always a good idea to order the large version and share with the entire table.The menu is diverse but not overloaded, and they are always happy to make substitutions or add in anything you'd like to make your meal custom and just what you want.It's a hole in the wall without any of the negative connotations.  Out of the way enough so that not everyone knows about it, but mainstream enough that it gets a decent crowd.  Not enough to draw away attention from the food, which is always a good thing.I've never been disappointed with the food or service, and for that reason, I keep coming back.
5	This place was close to our hotel so we thought to give it a try. Then we came back the next day... yep, it's that good.Chicken Piccatta of the gods. So good! Their alfredo sauce is like none I've ever had-- they use only cream and butter, no cheese! I know, I know, sounds iffy. I had my reservations about it as well but it's amazing. So creamy and rich. Speaking of rich CRACK BREAD!!!! That's not what it's called on the menu, but it should be. It's the bistro bread and you will drool over it in your sleep. We can't wait to be regulars once we move to Phoenix in a few months!
5	I drive by this restaurant every day, and didn't know it was there. It is a hidden treasure that I am so happy I found. I was at a First Friday event downtown tonight and when my friends and I were deciding where to go for dinner, one of the owners happened to be at the event, she called and got us a reservation right away! We were shown to our table and treated like members of the family. The service was excellent, and the atmosphere very pleasant and comfortable. I ordered the Melanzane Vesuvio which is eggplant lightly floured and fried, baked with mozzarella, fresh herbs & rosata sauce. I am not sure what was in that sauce, but to steal from another review, it was heaven in my mouth. It was delicious and perfectly cooked. I ordered the spaghetti squash in place of pasta and was so happy with my choice as were my dinner companions who also opted for the squash. There was not a dot of food left on any plates. The portions were just perfect, we all left satisfied without the stuffed feeling that I usually experience when indulging in Italian food. Switching the squash for pasta is such a great option, I don't know why more restaurants don't offer it. I will be back very soon, I can't wait to try some of the other items on the menu and to introduce Harley's to my friends!
5	This place is fantastic! I don't even really like italian food! Great atmosphere & great food! Try the four cheese bread appetizer!!! It's rich, but I would eat it every day if I could. I forget the exact name, but you'll know it when you see it. My wife and I don't drink, so I can't tell you about the drink specials or whether they are a good deal or not. They seemed reasonable from the options I saw.My wife had the chicken bistro dish and I had the lobster ravioli. Both were really good. We were told that the lasagna is also one of their best dishes. We will have to try that next time we go.Everyone should try this place.
1	Mediocre meal at best.  Very poor service.  Decor and feeling is nothing special.  Would they benefit from some gender diversity in their staff?
2	Food was OK.   Bread and oil combination was too salty somehow.  Service needs some attention.  I was beginning to think that our waitress was put into a witness protection program after the main course was served.  We had mediocre service a year ago and wanted to give them another try.
4	Really great experience at Harley's last night. We stopped in for a quick bit of Italian. We started with the Orangine di Patate. It is fried mash potatoes! Definitely a treat. Would get them over and over again. We then split a torched apricot salad. Again, just darn good. Mixed of fresh mozzarella, torched apricots, arugula, and prosciutto. We closed out our meal with spaghetti and meatballs. Simple, yet very well done.I really enjoyed our meal. I would recommend a stop.N*joy...
2	Very disappointed...it wasn't even OK and I was expecting more especially for the price.  I invited my friend to join me for Sunday brunch which starts at 10 am.  We got there closer to 11 am and the brunch food was not ready.  No labels identifying the food or the main contents of it.  Inadequate tools to dip or pick up the food.  Gravy with nothing to put it on??? Quiche was not homemade.  It was still in the disposable frozen pie tin.  I drove all that way for the special orange ricotta pancakes which tasted like every other pancake.  No butter or syrup for pancakes or french toast.  I asked for syrup which they brought to me in a personal size container but after I poured it they took it away and placed it on the buffet.  WTF?  Asked waitress how they made the french toast...no freakin clue. There was one dish with white sauce that was amazing but I can't tell you what it was or ever order it again BECAUSE THERE WERE NO FOOD LABELS.
3	Cool place. I had a good experience with a few complaints.First i must say, the server was very friendly, and attentive. she gets 5 stars from me. they had a DJ there that was playing Reggae tunes, I really appreciated that.THE FOOD: Salmon bruchetta, Breakfast potatoes and eggs were enjoyable. The sweet potatoes in the sweet potato hash were undercooked. The French toast and pizza were STALE. my friend said the pancakes were goodThe Value:All you can eat brunch, bottomless mimosas and vodka drinks for $20 !? i def feel like i got my moneys worth.Overal:The negative things I have to say are attributed to the brunch being a buffet . certain items wont taste fresh in a buffet setting, its up to them to stick with the items that fare well,but biting into something stale is not good.  I wont slam the too hard on this because i still found enough items that were good enough to make my meal complete. I also realize that this place is not a buffet joint and I've been told that their dinner specials and entrees are really good.ill try the dinner, may be compelled to raise my rating because i do like this place and the value they offer
5	Consistently the very best Italian food I've had anywhere... I am Italian. I've been to Italy. I love pizza and pasta.  To say this is my favorite Italian restaurant in the world compares it to those I've visited in Naples, Rome, Venice, Florence and Pisa. It is a true testament to the quality of their food. Not to mention, the service is great too! If you haven't been, I recommend it with my highest confidence.  And if you have been there, I know you agree.
3	Sunday Brunch the food was fabulous, but they had live singers with a keyboard and drums, way too loud for the space, and the keyboardist didn't know how to sing on key...   Just a thought.
4	After reading some of the review I was a little worried about the waitress who's brother is the owner but our service was fantastic, our server as super great and very patient as we looked at what to order. We were given some fresh bread from another employee, our food was great and we were seated by the window. The place was pretty quite and there were only maybe a dozen people in there which was perfect for us.The Italian soda was pretty expensive, my fiance had 2 at $4 each, compared to the Thursday date night special of dinner for 2 for only $25 but she liked her soda and they charge the same price at an Italian chain we go to too so it wasn't anything out of the ordinary. They got us a second serving of their bread. Their desert was pretty amazing, chain restaurants don't work very hard at presentation but we were very impressed with how our appetizer looked. Rich: That's how everything tasted and it was incredible. The appetizer, the entrees and the desert were all very rich and while I'm sure it wasn't healthy it sure was good. My only other gripe was our chicken bistro, while the pasta and chicken were good, it had WAY too much onion in it, after we'd eaten all the pasta and chicken it was still a half full plate of onions.  We couldn't even finish our desert we had so much. I was very happy with the food and service, and if not for the soda we would have probably paid under $35 including tip which again is around the same price as a lot of chains if not less AND the food had way more flavor. I think we'll definitely come back on another Thursday and try some more of their stuff. They're just a little far away so maybe we'll go if/when we go see a Suns game at US Airways Center. Oh and it was a little dark in there, the dimmed lights were nice but was hard for my fiance to see the menu properly.
1	Long wait for service.  Less then mediocre food. Salmon was dry and overcooked. Bar tenders dont know the difference between ginger ale and ginger beer. This location is too good for this caliber of a restaurant. Not sure how it has standed the test of time. Maybe im missing something but ive gone twice with the same results.
5	My first experience at Harley's and I loved it!  Went in last night and it was super busy but fun!  Our server was awesome and the food was fabulous.  They told us about Sunday brunch so we went back today.  Live music and bottomless mimosa's.  We will be back!
5	I ate at Harley's for the first, of what will be many, time last night. The ambience is perfect. Romantic and quiet enough for a date, but still casual and fun enough for dinner with friends. Wine, dinner, and the service were all great. I was a server for a long time and I know what crappy service looks like it. They don't have it here. Also, one of the owners hung out and talked to my friends and I and tended bar! I was very impressed at how friendly everyone was. Lastly, if you haven't had their Bistro Bread you need to stop what you are doing and drive there right now. It is a secrete recipe of cheesy, gooey, garlicky, goodness on toasted bread. Delicious! I can't wait to go back their again. Maybe this time I will try brunch. :)
4	This is one of our favorite Italian restaurants in central phoenix. I always get the kale ceaser salad and calamari. Any pasta I've tried has always been good. The staff has always been great.
5	The atmosphere is nice. The service is always the best. And the food is to die for. Excellent A+++
5	We saw a travelzoo voucher and decided to try this place on a whim. The food was delicious. The waitstaff was very friendly and informative with the menu. We had the cheesy garlic bread that was to die for. Hubby had the filet with the "potato ball" side that was a fried potato ball that was filled with cheese, bacon and ham. It was Betty flavorful. Steak was cooked perfect. I had the lobster ravioli with pink sauce. We are picky eaters and were thoroughly impressed with our food. Would defiantly recommend and return.
5	Have been here several times and the food is always good but the service was always slow. Today was a new experience  - amazing fast (but not pushy) service. Food is the best Italian in Arizona. They've done a little remodeling which makes the place feel completely different in a great way.
1	Food is ok, small portions.  Mgmt not very customer aware.  Will not be going back , just got stung.  They wouldn't honor groupon coupons and knew from the beginning they were being used .  Lost a table full of customers over $15 transaction fee.  Heck the waiter would have made 4x that in tips.   Just poor decisions , they shouldn't have contracted with groupon if they couldn't handle the deal.  Worse they screwed an honest and dear friend who just paid the full tab .
3	Went there last night for dinner.  Since my companion lives in the "historic" area of Phoenix, said it's been there since forever.   Really??    I didn't even know it existed, albeit I don't drive that street much, but I've been here forever as well.   The host asked if we had reservations.    We had although we surely didn't need them.    I don't like tomato-based Italian sauce; therefore, I ordered the sole in white wine lemon caper sauce.   The side was fettuccine Alfredo.    I had the server put extra Parmesan on everything since I like Parmesan on my Italian dishes.   He ordered the lasagna.    As I said, I don't like tomato-based Italian dishes.     I tried a bite of his.    I thought it was ho hum.   They brought french bread to the table.   Another ho hum item.    It would have been better if it was warm and a bit of a heavier bread.     It was just white bread in french bread style.     I asked the server for her suggestion of a good heavy-bodied red.   She suggested the Michele Chiarlo Barbera D'Asti.    Although it's the most expensive on the wine list per glass, I thought it was barely drinkable.   There were too many interruptions by the staff.    In addition to our server, there were two other people asking if we wanted this or that.   They would show up at the table right after the other one had barely left.    I mean, my fish and pasta was good.     Would I go back?    I dunno.   Plenty of Italian restaurants in town.
4	Love this place!! Right in the heart of Melrose, Harley's offers a different kind of environment for those wanting Italian. A very cozy and comfortable decour, anyone from couples to families would feel welcome here. We ordered the calamari (awesome) and two entrees. My boyfriend didn't love his fettuccine alfredo, but I absolutely LOVED my sausage and pasta dish with pink sauce. We got a half carafe of house wine which was also delicious. The prices are great, but the portions aren't the biggest. Overall, I will most definitely be visiting Harley's Italian Bistro again. The food is great and the prices are reasonable.
4	Service was good & friendly. Food was great! Chicken Picata was excellent; can't go wrong with capers. The Gnocchi with Rosati was was absolutely perfect. The Italian Meatloaf was a culinary delight, especially with the Gorgonzola Sauce (it's not too sharp - on the mild side). AND get a Potato Ball! They are infamous indeed. Will definitely come again!
2	Have been here before for dinner; this review is for the Sunday brunch.  I made a reservation for me and 2 girlfriends, since it was Mother's Day.  The garlic bread was delicious, and also enjoyed the poached pear and breakfast lasagna.  The bacon was standard, and I thought the lemon pasta was bland.  Overall I liked the food!  The weird part was the service.  I think from the time we sat down to the time we left was 1 hour.  I don't feel like that is an overly long time to be sat at brunch, especially when there are tons of open tables.  We had each went to the buffet twice and were drinking coffee.  We also ordered a bloody Mary (which had too much lemon.)  During our time dining, people kept trying to clear our plates, or asking if we were done with our coffee, when we were clearly still enjoying them.  The waitress asked us if we wanted our check when we were in the middle of our second place, and had just started in on our drink, and we said that we were not yet ready.  Another waitress came a couple minutes later and asked if we were ready for our check, to which we said that we were still finishing up.  Finally a tall man (the manager?) came and put the check down without saying a word.  I could understand if we had been there a long time, had been eating a ton of food, or there was a wait, but none of this happened, so we were very confused.
2	Everyone raved about this place...save yourself the trip honestly.  I've been here for dinner and brunch both were meh at best.  Had the chicken picatta (sp?) honestly it tasted like they poured the whole bottle of wine onto my plate.  The crack bread everyone raves about is a disgusting oily mess.Brunch was over priced for what you get.  Waiter needed to be flagged down several times for refills (we were a party of 8).  The only other people in the place were friends of the owners (party of 6).  The owners kept shooting us dirty looks when we would give the waiter a heads up that something was out at the buffet (they put out the bare minimum).  We had called days ahead to make a reservation and told them that we were coming in for brunch with a party of 8.
3	We went for brunch and the food was gone for a long time. When they finally replenished the food it was great. The breakfast lasagna was my favorite for sure! I wish they would have checked on the food more often because we probably would have eaten more but we had to leave after an hour and a half.
4	I finally got a chance to check Harley's out, after it was recommended to me by a friend. My boyfriend and I live super close and have passed by this cute little establishment several times. We went on a Saturday night around 8-ish. The atmosphere is very cozy and romantic, with dim lighting and classic Frank Sinatra playing. This restaurant has been open under various names for over 50 years and has always been an Italian establishment. I wonder what kind of history this place has seen!Upon entering, I noticed it was quite slow for a Saturday night--perhaps we had missed the evening rush, however I did notice that this place is only open 5-10pm most days. It was no matter though, we were starving and wanting to grab a quick bite before heading out for the evening. We were quickly seated and I ordered the house sangria. My boyfriend is not a huge wine drinker, however after trying mine, had to have some himself! I ordered the Rigatoni Primavera and my boyfriend ordered the Penne Arribiate. While we were waiting, we were served garlic bread..which was a nice touch, but honestly seemed like an afterthought. Generally though we love bread and happily ate it. My dish was quite tasty although it had eggplant in it, which is something I have never been a huge fan of anywho. My boyfriend commented that his food tasted great and was a bit spicy. Overall, our server was very attentive and friendly. Service was quick-since we arrived when it was a bit slower our food came rather quickly.I would definitely go back. It's great if you're wanting classic Italian fare. I'd be interested in trying their brunch, but might need a minute to get over the high price tag! I'm sure it's worth the money. Apparently on Thursdays they do a date night special that was intriguing, $25 per couple for a 3 course meal.
2	You know, we have lived across from this place for almost 4 years and REALLY want to love it...however...everytime it is a let down!  Cute place, good service, but have yet to have a really good meal.  Usually pretty bland, nothing stands out, and in my opinion overpriced and really not worth it...sorry!
1	I went for Sunday brunch today. Only the second time I have eaten at Harley's and I think it will be my last. The buffet line ran out of plates three different times while I was there. The food was displayed in disposable chaffing dishes and was not hot. The scrambled eggs were old, cold and turning green they had been in there so long.  The food was in unimaginative.  If it had an Italian name, then it was covered in cheap Italian seasoning. There was no lighting over the buffet line, so you couldn't see the food you were getting.  The proprietors are so cheap they don't like to turn on the air conditioning. I was drenched in sweat when I left.  It was also expensive. $25 per person for a terrible brunch.
3	After years of ordering chicken piccata and crack bread take out I decided to eat at the restaurant for the first time yesterday. Will be sticking with take out. The portions are much smaller and the service was pretty bad/slow. It took 15 minutes to get our beer & wine to the table. They were lukewarm after sitting at the bar. Calamari was so overdone it disintegrated when I went to pick it up like a cracker. Very very dry. Thankfully the chicken and veal piccata we ordered was delicious just as we remembered.
5	Harley's is my favorite Italian place in Phoenix! I love the friendly servers and I think the bartender is soooo adorable! The drinks are really good! Last time I tried the Luna Verde and it was to die for! It had cucumber infused gin that they made. Great drinks, great food, and fun servers is a win in my book! I definitely recommend this restaurant!
1	Went in on a Thursday night based on raving Yelp reviews... Found out it was "date night" including an appetizer, 2 entrees, and a dessert for $25. I'm not one for cheap meals, but got excited as this was exactly what I had planned to order regardless. So I sat down expecting a good meal. From the start: I was rushed to sit in the back of the restaurant away from other guests? But ignored this. Then we were provided with a newer female server who "knew nothing about the wines when I asked".. Interesting. Ordered a white zin for $6 a glass anyway, seemed decent, until I asked for a second glass. Another waiter filled my already half-full glass and charged me for another full glass instead. I explained and asked the manager to price adjust for charging me for something I did not receive-- they mocked me and refused.As far as the food itself, the bruschetta was amazing. The spaghetti w/ marinara and meatballs and gnocchi were mediocre, very small portions (which isn't awful just fyi- but my grown boyfriend was still hungry after leaving), but not awful. I am used to true Italian food (grew up on the east coast where homemade Italian food was to die for).. This place is a let down. I asked to box my cannoli, but the server insisted she take it to the back and do it herself, and it was thrown by my server upside down and without the powdered sugar, choc chips, etc... Which my boyfriend specifically requested. Not that this is much of a request..... We got the complete opposite when we checked at home.My biggest complaint is the service. I ALWAYS tip at least 20% as I have served and bartended for years... Here I honestly couldn't leave more than 5% as I was treated like scum and disrespected.Also, I don't do negative reviews... But this place needs to step it up on customer service and charge customers for only what they receive. Best advice for Italian food lovers I can give- eat elsewhere where the owner appreciates good paying customers and values service!
1	I've been trying to let this go. I really didn't want to do this to Harley's but it's been weeks and I still can't get over it. My girlfriend and I went in on a Sunday night and it was moderately busy. Upon entering we were told that it would be a "bit ofA wait for food" since they were short staffed in the kitchen. Fine we were in no rush. We waited and decided to order drinks. Waited about 20 min for a drink order. Ok cool. I got a Moscow Mule. It tasted funny so I sent it back, to which the bartender replies, "oh! I didn't have ginger beer so I tried to make my own recipe but you noticed". ?!? Ok fine whatevs just give me a house glass of red. About an hour into sitting down we order our meal. I order linguini and clams and my gf orders ravioli. We wait another HOUR and TWENTY min. We get our food and I don't even know what to do at this point. I can not even describe what my meal looked and tasted like. I guess... The most accurate way to describe it was as if a child was combing the beach and picked up 8 or 9 dried up baby clam shells and threw them into a bowl of boiled linguini... This might be an understatement. After trying to doctor it up myself I just couldn't handle it so I sent it back. Here is where I get utterly annoyed. The hostess/waitress Insists... INSISTS!! I let themRemake it just to "let them know what I think". I said fine. IF YOU INSIST. when the food comes back our home alarm went off and we immediately asked for the check. It was $80. For a salty as hell caprese (which I forgot to mention, nor which my left foot couldn't mess up) three drinks, one plate of "edible" ravioli and a dish we were INSISTED on retrying.  Btw, another table got fed up with waiting and walked out. We should've walked out as well. I felt bad and we tried to be oh so patient. I understand bad nights happen. I was in the food service industry for 10 years. I get it. But this was a terrible night. I don't think we will ever be back and it's sad because it came highly recommended. And what's worse... Even the "good" meal tasted generic. :( boo.
5	Fantastic cozy place right in the heart of melrose! Gotta do the crack bread!!! True home style cooking, gotta love it! You can taste the passion!
2	Three of us had dinner last night due to a friends recommended. We arrived early around 630pm and were one of maybe four tables so it was very quiet.  We started with the board appetizer, which was amazing.  My friend ordered the pollo piccatta (again), my mother ordered the fetticini alfredo, and I ordered the gamberi cappellini.  My friend was satisfied with his choice (once again), my mother's entree was bland, as was mine.  I expected there to be more than 6 small shrimp in my dish since the plate was $17.  We took my leftovers home to spruce up and try to enjoy for lunch at work.  Unfortunately I will not return to or recommend this establishment.  2/3 entrees we tried were not worth the price.  Service was okay but our waters were not refilled.
5	Anything with the rosata sauce.  Literally,  ANYTHING with that sauce.  The worst decision I have to make is veal or chicken! "Hey, bring me some more of that focaccia bread with my oil and balsamic would ya? I can't get enough!"
5	I love Harleys, that said, yes on 'date night' (Thursday) and other busy nights the kitchen backs up a bit, I normally just order another drink and understand that it's a small place and they care about the food.  As everyone who has ever been there knows, the Bistro "Crack" Bread is amazing, yes it's horrible for you, but totally worth it.  If you are looking for super traditional Tuscan Italian this may not be place for you, they definitely put their own spin on things (I happen to enjoy it).
5	Harley's is definitely one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix! Whether I go for lunch, dinner, or weekend brunch the food is always delicious and the staff is attentive and friendly. The atmosphere is great and I always feel welcomed when I go in. Would have to recommend the crack bread and Caesar salad, the dressing is made in-house. The bar has a large selection of alcohols and they have a variety of unique handmade cocktails that are delicious. Would definitely recommend a trip to Harley's for some amazing Italian food!
5	The food is absolutely amazing!!! And the the people are great! The crack bread is absolutely a must have, you won't be disappointed! If you're looking for a cute date night spot,  try it out on a Thursday night for their $25 date night special,  you will be hooked just like the rest of us!
