4	Good food. Attentive staff. Great place to watch planes.
4	Three of us tried the sausage pizza and a arugula salad, to go.  The pizza was great.  And it should be even better in a few days when they start making wood fired pizza in the brick oven. I'll be back to try it.  The pizza is about 8 or 9 inches across, and is thin crust, but not very thin.  The salad was good too.  The dressing was very tasty.The decorating is nice too.  They have a patio area with several tables.  It would be a nice place on a beautiful day.  See pictures of the place on Facebook.If you're tired of noisy crowded places, you will like it here.  Since the place is new and undiscovered by the masses there is no waiting, and it's quiet and comfortable, at least until word gets out.They are open every day for breakfast, and lunch, and until 6:30 PM Wednesday through Friday.Check their website, Zulucaffe.com.  Search for them on Facebook.com for pictures and more information.Vicki, one of the owners was very friendly and helpful.  She took the time talk with me and give me a tour of the place while I waited the pizza.I liked Zulu Caffe.
5	we stopped in for an afternoon snack and a glass of wine on th weekend.  They were doing a brunch thing....breakfast menu plus BLT and the burger. We split the BLT and loved it...get a side of that sandwich's  pesty mayoo to dip your sweet potato fries in. Delish!  Very cool setting, nice decor, great service.
5	This is an elegantly casual location to spend time with friends, watching the planes come & go and to be in a wonderful atmosphere of fun and great food!Hope to see you there soon!
4	My wife and I went for a Sunday morning breakfast and enjoyed it.  We both had omelettes.  Mine was with goat cheese, spinach, and tomatoes (8.50).  I liked it.  My wife had the three cheese omelette (6.50).  She liked it.  Both came with some tasty pan fried red potatoes that were very good.  The multigrain toast was high quality and flavorful.The coffee was good too.  And it only costs $1.50 instead of $2.50 like some places.The dinning room has lots of big windows for great views and they let in lots of nice morning sunshine.The place wasn't busy so you could sit where you like, no waiting.Overall we liked the whole experience and will go back.The bill was $19.61, plus tip.  Reasonable.
4	The Zulu Caffe is a fairly new and the only restaurant gracing the empty spot in the Scottsdale Airport terminal. The three lovely lady owners and their team and service are spectacular. Their food is moderately priced and always presented in a passionate fashion. Kudos to the chef. I'm sure we'll see discounts for regulars soon. I hear they are planning to use the flashy SquareUp App for this and other promotions. Stop by for breakfast or lunch and watch the planes and jets arrive and depart.Did I mention FREE WiFi ?!? A HUGE plus these days in order to hang and do some mobile biz over a cappuccino or lemonade.Remember to 'Like' Zulu Caffe on Facebook and drop them a line. Ideas are always welcome. Support your immediate community and small businesses wherever you can. The Scottsdale airport is a real alternative to most other places. Who knows, you might get inspired to do your pilot's license like we did.And if I get surprised some day by longer hours and getting served by a PanAm - style steward or stewardess staff, I'd give them a five star rating ;-)
4	Great lunch spot in the Scottsdale Airport!Zulu is the perfect lunch option in the Airpark area. The restaurant is open and clean with a great view of the planes coming and going. It is quiet enough for an important business lunch or just a casual lunch with friends. I can't seem to get myself to order any but the chicken wrap. It is wonderful with perfectly cooked spicy chicken, avocado and black bean hummus. For your side you must order the sweet potato fries. They are worth it, crunchy and seasoned just right. The prices here are very fair and the food is really great.Enjoy!
4	went in for mother's day and was delightfully surprised.  Not sure why this little gem was not packed..think the big corporate guys and local outdoor market places are winning out..but Zulu Caffe is a great little spot.  I try to avoid chains and prefer local, privately owned and off the beaten path spots..and i sure fount it.  Great fresh organic ingredients, light fresh menu and great atmosphere..and of course the entire wall of windows overlooking the Scottsdale airport.  creative sandwiches paired with spreads and crisp green veggies.  was with a party of 8 and everyone was pleased with their dish, from omelets and pancakes to fresh salads and fries you can tell they are all quality ingredients.  Keep up the good work..hard location, but once you've been there once, your sure to tell a friend and frequent it!  Give the little unique guys a break and rather than feeding into the big corporate chains, stop in for a visit to Zulu Caffe.  I'm a foodie and even I had not idea the airport was masking the caffe!  Head off the overbeaten path!!!
3	Have been to Caffe Zulu twice now. The menu is great. The food is great. The prices are great. Unfortunately, the service is extremely slow and the servers are inattentive. Additionally, my daughter's strawberry spinach arrived without the strawberries! Can you believe it? Even when they're not busy, the service is not good. We had to flag our server down twice. Once to get drink refills and second to order our food. We will go back, but they really have to re-think their service.
2	I always have such mixed feelings when I have a restaurant experience like this...I wish there was a rating like, I dunno, 2.8. Because it wasn't a 3 for me, but I hate to go all the way down to a 2 on this.I should love this restaurant. It's at an airport...I love airports. It's biking distance from my home...I love super close. It's a local business and God knows I love to support local businesses. It has great reviews on YELP and I really trust my Yelp buddies....fast forward to my breakfast there today. We were greeted by a very pleasant hostess who immediately seated us next to the window where we could watch the planes and assured us that our waiter would be right with us. The restaurant was near empty at about 10:15 on Sunday morning.Our server was with us immediately. For drinks we ordered two glasses of water and coffee for me. i asked if I might have a lime in my water and the waiter seemed distracted but said yes. And then we waited...and waited...and I joked that it was kind of funny that there were 10 reviews and the lowest was a 3 with a complaint about mediocre service.Just when it got to the point that I was verbally questioning to J. if it was possible that the 9 stellar reviews could possibly be from friends and family our server showed up with our drink order. 2 miniscule (I believe an 8 oz. Libby style glass) glasses for water filled to the brim with ice and limes on the side, black coffee "oh, and I didn't know if you wanted these" half and half individuals.At this point he asked to take our meal order. J. got the BLT and I got the basic 2 egg breakfast. I asked what breads there were for the toast option and told white, wheat and 9 grain. it seems like a restaurant that only does breakfast and lunch would have a slightly more varied option than wheat and upgraded wheat. How did I want my eggs? Basted. The waiter looked befuddled and then admitted he didn't know what that was. Again, a restaurant that serves egg dishes should have their wait staff trained well enough to not question a standard request and if they really don't know what it is tell the kitchen and then google it if it's still a problem. (just my humble opinion.)Our drinks ran dry. We didn't see the waiter again until the meals were brought and he asked if there was anything else he could get us. I asked for refills on the drinks, butter and jam for my toast.It took just long enough to refill the drinks that I was wondering if I would have to eat my meal dry. When he did bring them, I had to ask for more cream and remind him that I was still waiting for butter and jam. This was finally brought and the butter was frozen (a big pet peeve for me).Now to be absolutely fair, the food was good. The only complaint I had about it was that it is standard to receive 2 slices of toast and I was served only one and it seemed to be near the end of the loaf as it was extremely small. J. said his sandwich was very good.So here's my feeling on this place. When a restaurant goes into a location that is off the beaten track and that location has a track record of changing businesses (I believe this is the 3rd restaurant in this location in the 6 1/2 years I've lived near the airpark) then it places a very strong responsibility on the management to make it a WOW experience so that people come back time and time again.There was no WOW today, not even a fizzle and pfft.  I felt absolutely no incentive to come back and kind of feel bad that my trying it in the first place was based on the excited reviews here on Yelp. That was a first for me.So how do I rate a restaurant that in theory has everything it needs to be successful but fizzles in practice? I really wanted to give this a 5...it turned upside down to a 2 for me...sorry.
3	Since writing the initial review I received a very nice letter from the owner who was apologetic that the server was on his first day without supervision. I really appreciate that she took the time to do so and that she took the review as an opportunity to improve upon the situation. Because of her letter I am going to try it again.I hope that all of you reading this will prove me wrong with the previous review. This is a good restaurant that deserves to succeed and because it is off the beaten track I consider that most people are not going to have it on the top of their minds. Stick a Post-it on your rear view mirror and swing around to it the next time you are in the car and hungry...you'll be glad you did.
4	My BLT and fries were excellent.   My friend said her vege omelet was xcellent.   Our waiter was as nice as he could be, but seemed confused.   Perhaps he is new.   I will be back.
5	Had a coupon for this place, so I went for brunch today.Wasn't expecting it to be in the airport terminal, but was pleasantly surprised with the calm, modern atmosphere they've created at Zulu Caffe. The entire east wall is a window looking out to the runway - allowing guests watch the planes take off and land with the beautiful AZ mountains in the background.Looking forward to cooler weather so that we can eat outside on the patio near the fire place.Meal was delicious, staff and owner were extremely friendly and helpful. It's a great place to meet up with a friend, sit and chat. Will certainly be back soon.
5	This cute caffe nestled in the Scottsdale airport is my new favorite place to go for great food, a great atmosphere and great service. Their food is out of this world delicious and the owners are hands on - so their customer service is incredible. I've been several times and I've never had a bad experience. I've taken a liking to working from the restaurant on days I need a break from my office. The free wifi is pretty awesome!
3	Not super impressed. The food was just ok. My friends said the French toast was good, but my Goat cheese, tomato and mushroom omelette had maybe had an oz. of goat cheese. At 9$ it was a rip off. The potatoes were good,but nothing special. The mimosa was excellent, but made from Andre, so after consuming it I had a headache. The service was slow, but they were good about refilling my coffee and water. Just an ok experience.
4	Only 4 stars because I've only been there once.  We would have never known about this place if it weren't for Groupon. We were greeted by the chef who sat us because the servers were a little busy.  An entire wall of the restaurant looks out to the runway and where they park the planes - so cool!  We watched a larger private plane come in, park, a black SUV pulls up, there are all of a sudden 5 guys running around with luggage, etc.  It was like a scene out of a movie!  (a man on crutches and a woman and possibly a sleeping child but too far away to see who it was) Anyway...The servers are attentive to each table and don't just throw the food down and dash.  There is a little friendly conversation and banter between the servers and the tables.  This makes for an experience you won't forget but it also means you might wait an extra minute for your bill, or whatever.  I had the chicken chopped salad and my hubby had a chicken wrap.  The food portions were perfect and the food itself was very tasty!  We also ordered the chips.  How can you go wrong with homemade potato chips with blue cheese crumbles and bacon and some delicious aioli on the bottom.  WOW!  Overall, we had a nice lunch and we will be back!
4	This was my first visit.  Had a Groupon and went for late lunch during the week.  I had a pork cuban, kind of a pressed-panini thing - not really a Cuban per se, but still nice and toasty and very good.  My guest had a BLT w/ cheese which was also very tasty.  Both came w/ strawberry side salad which was exceptionally simple with a light yummy vinegarette dressing.  We enjoyed our relaxed lunch; the service was attentive but not pushy.  Seems like a quiet place that would be perfect for conversation and some free entertainment watching planes takeoff and land (who knew the S'dale airport was soooo busy?).  I really wasn't expecting much but Zulu Caffe has converted me to airport dining.  It's not fancy here but the food was really good and they offer a nice alternative to the crazy lunch crowds at Kierland and surrounding areas.  It would also be a nice place to enjoy a quiet lunch solo.  They have a comfortable-looking patio outdoors, complete with a fireplace.  Looks like a fun place to relax in cooler weather and watch the world go by. Plentiful parking available in lot across the street is a real plus too.Thanks Groupon!  I'll be back.
5	I'm kind of worried about Zulu Caffe. It's such a lovely little restaurant with an truly entertaining view. The food is really well prepared and pleasantly served. I had the BLT which was brimming with well cooked bacon, a nice piece of cheese, fresh greens and a tasty basil mayonnaise. The sweet potato fries were freshly prepared and very hot. My companion' turkey panini was thick and the cranberry mayonnaise was very good. Our server was attentive without being intrusive. My concerns stems from the fact that we were the only patrons for the majority of the lunch hour. One other couple came in as we were leaving. Such a shame. It's fun to watch the planes take off and the restaurant is very pretty.  I hope that it can hang in there because it is a great place for lunch.
5	Best BLT I've ever had.
4	Great location.  Great food!  Local fresh ingredients!
4	Visiting from out of town and friends took us here.  When I heard it was IN the Scottsdale airport, I was skeptical.  But what a great time!  The friend had a quesadilla, which was not on the menu, but her favorite.  The waitress checked and said the chef coudl prepare it.  The other 3 of us had the BLT - simply superb.  And the attendant  sweet potato fries were also very good.  The fun of the place was watching the private jets arrive, and entire families - grandparents, young adults, kids, babies and dogs - piling off the jet and into cars that had drawn up next to the plane on the tarmac.  What a great way to travel - no TSA, no luggage charges, no long waits at baggage claim.  Highly entertaining, with a large dose of jealousy.
5	Great place great service.
4	we would never  had found it without a living social/groupon.in the scottsdale airport, we watched little planes move around.interesting physical plant, extraordinary food.a few brunch choices, i had a big hamburger, with a fried egg, cheese, greasy, delicious. my wife had a farm omelette-huge.worth trying.
2	We came based upon a Living Social deal and the great Yelp reviews. Definitely won't be back and there are a ton of better breakfast/brunch options in Scottsdale. From the moment we walked in, we were treated like an inconvenience. The hostess (manager?) was working on something right in front of us and we literally had to clear our throats to get her attention after waiting for a few minutes. Despite the fact that there were numerous empty and set tables, we were told it would be a 5-10 min wait. Ok....After being seated, we waited. And waited. And waited. Luckily the planes taking off and landing entertained us. Finally, a server stopped by after about 15 min of sitting with nothing on our table and no one acknowledging us as they walked by. She took our drink order and disappeared. For another 15 min.  This continued for the rest of the meal.The food was mediocre but definitely not anything special enough to endure the terrible service. My eggs (ordered over medium) were way overcooked and the bacon was flabby (pet peeve!) My husband's breakfast burrito fell apart after one bite...annoying.There were only about 5 other tables at the same time and a total of 3 servers so I'm not sure why the service was so awful. The table next to us gave up waiting and put their Living Social on the table and walked out without paying the tax/gratuity. Don't bother. They apparently don't need your business.
3	Went after purchasing a Living Social deal for brunch. Service was incredibly slow. Took over 10 minutes to be greeted at door, even though a staffer was a couple feet away from hostess stand doing things at the register. A line about 10 deep was formed at the door. Then it took even longer to be sat. We waited at least another ten minutes, but there were many open tables. They just were dirty tables that needed to be bussed. There was a few tables covered in buckets to use for rolling silverware. There were bags of laundry for pickup at front door. Not aesthetically pleasing. Very understaffed. One wrong entree was brought to our table, so had to wait for real order to be prepared. Place has potential and food quality was good. But unless they increase their staff we wouldn't return.
5	We stopped in pretty close to closing time and we were welcomed in without hesitation. The food was fantastic and service was great. I had the BLT and my wife had the turkey and both had the side salad which included strawberries and grapes with one the best tasting vinergerettes that we have tasted. As I mentioned it was excellent all around.The only issue we had was finding it as my GPS was sending me down the block but it is in the airport terminal with plenty of parking across the street.We will return for sure. Give this place a try.
5	Great little place.  One of my issues, of many, with Phoenix is there are no small places to grab lunch.  Yeah for Zulu Caffe.  A little hard to find of you are using Mapquest si just shoot for the Scottsdale airport.  The menu is small, but what there is is very good. and provides a variety of salads and sandwiches.  Check out the brunch and lunch menu online. The potato chip stack is utterly sublime and is addictive just as the server predicted.  In fact, it's calling my name right now.One word of warning, if you are on a diet take heed.  Not much for dieting which is probably why it is so good.
4	The food was delicious and the view was not bad either with the view of gorgeous passing planes taking off or landing...I did not know what to expect for an Easter Sunday brunch but was pleasantly surprised. Everything I tasted was scrumptious and the quality was simply very high. While the selection was not as large as one would expect, the quality made up for the lack of variety...Many people may have complained but my palate was overall very pleased.For instance I would have liked to see eggs benedict, some assortment of vegetables and even perhaps some smoked salmon and a a variety of cheeses.There was however a chef attended omelette station on the patio, a delightful selection of desserts, to die for French toast with apple compote, bacon and sausages, spinach stuffed chicken, a melt in your mouth potato gratin...With that said, I thought the staff at Zulu Caffe really pulled it off well despite the lack of variety. They apparently had a little snafu with the discount site Living Social as twice as many two for one vouchers were sold instead of the original amount...so the restaurant had a nice surprise on Sunday morning with the sudden upswing of reservations and people showing up.Well I felt that everything was well managed and Zulu Caffe came away winners with the quality of fare and friendly and caring attitude of the staff. Nonetheless and despite my rave reviews on the food itself, I did notice that the restaurant was out of a few items by the time we were seated for our 12:30 pm reservation: there was no more smoked salmon, fresh fruit and pastries.The only thing that I thought was very odd was the automatic 20% gratuity added to our bill despite the fact that we were only two n our party. I really feel that gratuity should be at customer's discretion unless you are a party of six or more. In addition, most of the drinks were in addition to the brunch. The only smoking deal was the $ 15 bottomless mimosa. After paying for the living social deal, we still had a remaining balance of $ 47.00 to pay...Considering everything it did not turn out to really be a deal and NO I would not have paid the standard price of $ 50.00 per person considering the lack of variety and the add on cost of beverages.
4	Great place to sit on the patio, enjoy weekend brunch, and watch the planes take off and land. Although the menu is rather small, it provided the basics for brunch. We ordered a potato chip stack and neither my husband nor I had a clue about how huge the portion would be. A table of four could easily share this! Definitely filling and delicious! Both of us had omelets which were very good . . . not the best we've had, but overall quite good. Service was spot on and friendly.  I wouldn't hesitate coming back and would like to try it out for lunch as the menu looked very enticing.
2	Been here twice. We first came for brunch using a groupon/livingsocial deal that INCLUDED unlimited mimosa's. Food was good, portions a little on the small side. What really bothered me was when the bill came, it listed EACH individual mimosa we drank (you can purchase them separate for lets say*guessing* $7/each, or unlimited for $15). So we ended up tipping based on an extremely high bill that was inaccurate (didn't think about it until we had left). The second time was for Easter brunch. Again we had a deal.  The food was not worth the cost-with nor without a coupon. We have learned our lesson.
5	OMG! We found this on Living Social and it is a true 5 star.  Bought two so did brunch and lunch a couple of days later. For lunch I did the Zulu Blue Burger and I can say in my opinion, it was the best burger ever. Get the potato chip stack as a starter. No, really, get them. Lifted Kilt Ale rounded out a perfect lunch. Plus, you  can watch planes while you eat! Are you kidding me?
3	Went for the Sunday brunch.  The food great. I had the bananas foster French toast which was fabulous! My husband had the blue burger which he really enjoyed. If the service was as good as the food I would have given Zulu Cafe 5 stars but the service was very slow and they seem to be under staffed. I doubt I'll be back.
4	Cute place with a nice view of the planes.  My pork shoulder sandwich with sweet potato fries was very good.  They were a little understaffed and therefore the service was a little slow during lunch.
1	Went with my husband Sunday (4/28) for Brunch using a LivingSocial certificate.  When we checked in with the hostess, we were told it would be a 15 minute wait.  I was concerned; there looked to be 9 or 10 parties waiting to be seated.  We waited over an hour before calling it quits.  I started waiting inside the restaurant where I heard two large parties come in saying they had reservations, only to have the hostess tell them they had no record of it.  I overheard another frustrated woman say she had called ahead twice and was told they didn't do reservations, but that the wait was minimal.  When I looked in the restaurant, there were empty tables, clean and unseated.  45 minutes in the hostess apologized for the wait, said the kitchen was backed up and that it would just be a few more minutes.  We waited another 30 and left.  I was extremely disappointed.  Our time was wasted, the kitchen was clearly unprepared for the day and the front of the house staff looked overwhelmed.  I would anticipate weekend brunch to be a big draw at this place, but the cafe was so understaffed it makes me question whether it's worth going at all.  Buyer beware.
2	I hate to do this but I can't say I'd recommend this place.  I've been there a couple of times and the experiences were similar.  The food is mediocre and a bit high on the pricing.  There is a lot of room for improvement on the service side:  inexperienced, not trained, and painstakenly disorganized and slow service albeit the staff were friendly.
5	Went for lunch on a Living Social deal.  WOW!  We had a roast turkey panini with salad (great interesting salad)--delicious and a local pork shoulder press panini with fries---super delicious flavor.  Portions were very substantial,  service was spectacular as was the view of the Scottsdale Airport.  Airport parking was FREE---what an extra treat!  A fun place to take someone for a different lunch!
4	Dear god we eat here all the time... probably too much, but it's close, convenient and yummy.Food is flavorful, fresh, consistently good.Service is good, with a smile, and usually pretty quick.Great patio (no misters if you get toasty in the 6-months of PHX summer), and great runway view for airplane nerds such as myself.Only complaint is the menu is quite small and fairly limited for vegetarians (grilled cheese sandwich and a wrap plus your typical salads).
5	I loved this place. After a long day of touring homes my client took me to Zulu Caffe for lunch. It was fairly empty inside but had a nice ambiance. We were greeted by a friendly waiter named Roger who seated us on the dog friendly patio. The patio overlooks the airplanes which is might sound wierd but its pretty neat. The food was absolutely fantastic. Normally I have at least one thing that I think could have been done better but our meal was flawless. Great job chef! FOOD: We ordered the Chicken Wrap w/ a side salad and the Local Pork Shoulder Press sandwich w/ half fries & half sweet potato fries. I highly recommend the pork sandwich, sweet potato fries (yes they were crunchy!!), and side salad (the vinaigrette was plate licking good). Small but nice beer selection, I had the Sunbru from Four Peaks Brewery. The service was 5stars as well. Roger was very friendly, knowledgeable, and a great waiter. I can't wait to go back for brunch!
3	We went to Zulu Cafe for Sunday Brunch.  Living out in the SE Valley this is quite a drive, however, we felt that the ambiance overlooking the airport/airstrip might make for a nice afternoon.When we arrived we were told it was going to be a 35 to 40 minute wait even though the actual wait time was less than 10 minutes.  There were quite a few patrons that were turnoff with the wait time and left to go elsewhere.  It seemed like the staff was overwhelmed with what appeared to be a rather small group of people that afternoon.  We both ordered burgers, the Angus and the Zulu BLT and they were pretty good and the GroupOn deal came with mimosas that did not disappoint. When we asked about dessert, we were surprised when our server told us that the chef had not prepared any today... whoa never heard that response before. .I had high expectations that Chef Brian, trained at the French Culinary Institute would have a bevy of desserts for us to try...... what a disappointment.Overall, I guess I may give Zulu a try one more try, but it is a place I will return with some skepticism.
4	What's not to like about an esthetically appealing place that serves creative fare overlooking an airport taxiway?  Very cool.
4	Solid food great service and a cool view of the air field. Wifi is also handy for a working lunch without the chaos of the mainstream Scottsdale restaurants.The carnitas tacos were off the hook. Definitely coming back.
4	I really love the atmosphere. Cool and unique decor.We have been here for brunch a couple times and enjoyed ourselves. But we only saw a plane take off once... must not be a very busy airport.Bloody Marys are awesome here. So tasty, with just the right amount of kick.Food is pretty good, but the portions are kind of small. I love their veggie omelet with goat cheese. The potatoes would have been good if they were fresh but they taste like they were sitting for a few hours. They also have a beautiful patio and are dog friendly. When the weather isn't crappy anymore we plan on taking our dog with us for a leisurely brunch.
5	The Zulu Caffe is a great Lunch & Brunch spot. Bring your GPS because it's a little hard to find. Last time I was here was on a lazy Saturday afternoon. I enjoyed the views and my lunch. Fortunately,  my wife let me have a bit of her pulled pork sandwich and I'm telling you I'm hooked  on their pulled pork. We chatted with Chef Ford for a bit because we were complimenting him on the delicious lunch. I said this sandwich is just like the pulled pork at Sweet Baby Ray's in Chicagoland. He said he uses their sauce and adds some of his own secret ingredients to the mix. I would stack this pulled pork sandwich up against any BBQ  joint in the metro area. This is the best pulled pork I have had since I've been in Arizona.I enjoy the food at Zulu but wish they had evening hours. I heard their brunch is really good with the bottomless Mimosas but I haven't had a chance to check that out.
4	Went on 6/7/13 with a Groupon. A little understaffed, but our waiter was very friendly and I'm pretty sure the owner was the one helping to seat people and chatting with customers. My boyfriend had a burger special that he said was really good. I had a steak quesadilla type meal with a homemade chipotle sauce. They make their sangria strong - no fruit in it - but well made.Even though it's a ways from home and in the airport, I would happily go back.
5	Favorite lunch spot. Love to come here and watch the planes take off!
4	This place could get by on its location alone but they have put forth the requisite effort to come up with a menu that merits a regular spot in your lunch rotation.  Like many other fellow Yelpers I came away quite pleased with the Pork Shoulder Press.
4	Good food, fun ambience, cool airplanes!This place is somewhat difficult to find even with a GPS -- it lacks any form of signage out front to guide you into the (airport terminal?) building.  Once inside, however, the experience is very good.As mentioned, the view from the huge glass windows looking out over the tarmac and airplanes is the focal point.  The waitstaff was very courteous and personable, quick to fill drinks and check on orders.  My Zulu Blue burger was a cut above typical diner fare, but it was incredibly messy.  It could have used a nice toothpick to anchor the condiments to the bun and patty.Highlight?  As others noted, the sweet potato fries are excellent.
5	can't wait to go back - great food and friendly service.  it is also fun to watch the planes take off, but will go back for the great food at a reasonable price.
5	Yummy!  My new favorite spot for lunch.  These kids have really made this airport restaurant an excellent restaurant.  The furnishings are interesting; outside patio is perfect if the weather cooperates.  The menu, while rather short, offers excellent choices.  I've yet to have a meal I didn't love.  I had the grilled cheese sandwich (with added bacon) last time there; the BLT the time before.  The soup selection is good this time of year.  Oh - it is rarely busy even over lunch hour, so if you want to be seated immediately and be able to hear the person across the table, this is the spot for you!
2	Unfortunately, the long wait for our food (roughly 45 mins after we ordered and they were not busy), drinks never refilled and 2 out of the 3 orders being wrong I can safely say the likelihood of me going back is very slim. The only redeeming quality is that the food is rather good but not good enough to endure the experience again.
1	Over all very disappointing service. I found a stem in my sandwich and pointed it out. But all they did is come back and say it was supposed to be in the sandwich... Really? Never going back!
5	Ordered a salad take out- it was prepared quickly, and was delicious. They even packaged the chicken separately- so it stayed warm. Definitely recommend.
4	This is a great place for lunch meetings.  It is never super crowded, or very noise.  The food is good.  And it has a really nice atmosphere.
5	My wife and I have made Zulu one of our weekly lunch spots because the food and service never disappoints. The sandwiches, salads and burgers are always made fresh with high quality ingredients. The friendly staff provides excellent service to go with the great food. Nice to watch the Airport activities while enjoying a perfect lunch. Try Zulu and you will be back again for more.
4	I went here with a few co-workers for lunch, very trendy, business savvy environment. The view of the planes and the runway at the private airport is definitely a unique and visually appealing asset. The food was fantastic, I ordered the beet & goat cheese salad with chicken. One of the best salads I've had. My co-workers ordered the Chinese chicken salad and the chicken wrap. We all finished every last bite. Our server was very pleasant and nice, however the service was a little slower than we would have liked, being that we only had an hour for lunch, we felt a little rushed towards the end. Other than that, great restaurant. We will definitely be eating here again soon.
4	The only "bad" thing I can say about this place is trying to find it. Especially if you're not familiar with the air park. Other than that everything was great. Not too crowded but not a ghost town. Nice place for a business luncheon. The ladies working were all very friendly and quick to refill drinks. The pulled pork sandwich was absolutely wonderful! Reasonably priced for the amount of food on your plate.
5	Over the last year in 2013, spent many a lunch times there bringing along colleagues. The food is great! Talking a break at lunch to watch Learjet's take off and land is amazing. One day, I'll be in one of those planes taking off and landing in Scottsdale, Arizona. Definitely sit where you can watch look NE out the window and eat something tasty.
4	Great view of the runway and mountains beyond.  A nice variety of standard fare menu items with some upscale twists.
4	Pressed Pork Shoulder sandwich = 5 starsChicken Salad = 4 starsKids Mac n Cheese = 4 starsService = 3 starsSetting = 5 starsMy wife and two children went over to Zulu for lunch after finding out we could watch the runway from this great little restaurant. My toddler is a big fan of trains, planes, etc..., so he was quite excited to be able to see the planes from the lovely patio. I ordered the pressed pork shoulder sandwich and it was fantastic! I highly recommend this sandwich with a great blend of spreads, cheese, and crunchy bread - it is a mouthwatering combination. The Chicken Salad my wife had was good but not great - definitely better than average though which is what warrants the four stars. The kids mac n cheese was also great - definitely beats kraft and my toddler downed it!The setting is fantastic, I recommend it to everyone who can spare some time for lunch as the time of service was the only thing that was lacking. However, we were able to enjoy a leisurely lunch while watching some jets and planes fly in and out for the holidays.Go check this place out. I look forward to trying the Zulu Burger next time.
