4	I have been to so many "Farmer's Markets" that seemed to be selling more soap and candles than food, I'd almost given up on the whole thing.  Until I found the Downtown Phoenix Public Market.  Wow.  Food is the main thing.  So much fresh food - some of it still in the dirt.  Great local eggs from several farms, in your choice of color (if you get there early enough...).  This is where many local chefs will come to get their stuff - or make new contacts so it can be delivered to them directly.  In the mix is also a good selection of pre-made food that's available to either be taken home, or eaten right there as you shop.  Yum!They are open every Saturday, rain or shine, from 8am until 1pm.  So next time you're going to Matt's on a Saturday with a long wait ahead of you, walk on over and get your shopping done.  You can be finished by the time your name is called.
3	I have been to many public markets that were a lot nicer than this one. I know a Downtown Market could go either way, but I was optimistically expecting something larger...and not so sketchy.Although the market atmosphere and location could use some work I have no complaints on any of the vendors. There was a lot of fresh produce, crafts, and the usual miscellaneous booths you find at these types of things.If I lived in the area I would do some grocery shopping here, but it's not worth the trek from Scottsdale by any means.
3	Even though I've already professed the fact that I don't mind waiting awhile in order to consume the delicious breakfast foods at Matt's, I certainly don't mind a little diversion from the usual stand around, chit chat, look at other customer's yummy food, wish I had some, get some water instead, sigh. The Downtown Phoenix Public Market is the perfect diversion from this routine! There are a wide variety of stands, especially considering it's such a small market, and there aren't that many tchotchke arts and craft offerings to be had. Just a couple candles and soap stands that are dominated by a lot of fresh and organic edibles. Some of the stands offer little samples of their wares, which of course I had to take advantage of. I had a sip of Hansen's orange creme soda, some iced tea, organic hummus with a pita chip and some interesting roasted Mexican seeds that the Aztecs used to cultivate. Those salty, crisp treats made a satisfying pop when I bit 'em, tasting nutty and delicious. Almost bought a bag. Thought better of it when I saw the guy selling baklava.A small portion of baklava and kataifi was my only purchase, both of which were decadent sweet treats later on after lunch. The layered phyllo dough, the piles of nuts, the honey slathered on thick! It was divine. At 4 bucks for these two tiny squares, it wasn't the best bang for my buck, but the taste totally made up for the size, and when it's that orgasmicly good, size doesn't matter, go ahead and ask anyone. I was also tempted to pick up some pickled asparagus and some jalapeno jelly. Just for kicks.There was a pretty good live folksy musical act when I was there too, so check out the entertainment if you happen to be in the area. And if you're stuck on a Saturday behind ten other groups vying for the butter soaked goodness of Matt's Big Breakfast, this little market is small enough that you can walk the entire extent of the lot, try all the samples they offer, and make it back to the corner of 1st and McKinley before your party is called.
2	The fruits and veggies are nice.I actually encourntered something weird - the woman who runs the market.She is not a very nice to the booth owners.  I heard her getting really nasty with an business owner.I just don't like negative vibes.I probably won't go back until they get rid of her.
5	In a city of sprawling suburbs, strip malls and chain everything, the Downtown Phoenix Market is a chance to meet local people who are putting their hearts, time and money into creating a community. What to expect: several produce vendors selling their wares grown locally using sustainable methods; small business owners selling breads and pastries, delicious salsas, canned goods, tabouli and hummus; artists and crafts people selling jewelry, aprons, bags, clothing and lots more. It is really a fantastic place.In addition to their regular hours of 8-12 on Saturday morning, the market is now open on Wednesdays from 4-8pm and they will be expanding in 2008 into the building next to the lot where they are currently located. Check it out!
5	Absolutely love the market. We go there almost every Saturday for fruit, veggies, bread, condiments. I can't cook with other onions and garlic now, because the difference truly is noticeable. And those pickles! They should be outlawed, they are so good. It's nice to get to know the people who spend their days getting this food ready to bring to you. I have turned at least a dozen people onto the market, and now it is more accessable by being open on Wednesday nights. Sure it is not as big as other markets in other big cities, but who cares? We aren't in those places, we are stuck here, and I for one am thankful for the market.
5	I love the downtown market.  It's a little sprout itself and I am proud to have watched it grow!  Although I'm sure (I know) that it doesn't compare to some other farmer's markets around the country, it still earns 5 stars!All of the produce is local, organic, and fresh.  It's a cool atmosphere that occasionally hosts live music and always has a good option of ready to eat lunch or dinner.  Last time I was there we ordered tamales, and a vegan burro, tasty! I also noticed a veggie lentil soup.The market doesn't stop at produce and ready to eat meals, a bakery full of your sweet favorites is there, and several local artists who are selling their craft from essential healing oils to origami.The market is open 2 times a week.  I enjoy walking over on Wednesday evenings when the market stays open until 8, check it out and you won't be disappointed.  Even if not to shop, the chill experience is fun!
5	This is how it should be, really.From the grower straight to the buyer. Who really benefits from going to the grocery store and purchasing pesticide bathed, wax covered produce from some huge corporation when the beneficiary of your $ probably can't even keep a pothos alive?The Downtown Phoenix Public Market is my favorite way to spend a Saturday morning (and now Wednesday evenings). You can grab a cup of coffee or chai tea, listen to some music (there is live music most weekends), grab some fresh produce and locally made products. If you want to buy fantastic eggs you do have to get there by 8:30 at the latest since they sell out super fast. Killer hummus, breads, jams and even jewelry. There is even a guy who makes and sells jewelry from fallen wood and seeds. I love the stuff! Keep in mind that most of the sellers are organic, just not certified since the certification process is too expensive for a lot of smaller farms.They have a few booths that sell prepared foods too so you can grab a bite while you're there. My favorite is the Indian/Moroccan inspired food? Sorry, I'm not really sure what kind of food it is, besides really really good (and they're the ones with the amazing chai).  Oh, and someone complained about the lack of produce? I couldn't help but notice the review was posted in January and although the weather is warmer here in the desert, we still have growing seasons so your choices will be somewhat limited for a little bit longer. I still highly recommend you check it out, since you can still get the seasonal veggies.Check it out. Spread the word.
4	Pretty good market considering that most buy from the national grocery chains (Phoenix is a chained city!!). Maya Farms is one of my favs.. not only do they carry more exotic vegetables (romanesca) but they also added Save Our Farm raw milk! That's worth the trip alone! If only the local bakers and such would join the scene.. where's Willo, Tammie Coe and MJ Bread? The market is only as strong as the people willing to participate in it.
4	I was watching the news this morning and they were doing a segment on the downtown market. I hand't been since last fall and being that I live insanely close, I knew I was slackin and needed to head over there. So we rode our bikes down and I was SO glad I went!Not only has it gotten bigger, it truly has gotten better. Not only, do I just love seeing in people in downtown Phoenix...you could really see how excited the vendors (and customers) were to see people in downtown Phoenix. The optimist in me is consistently hopeful that people will build on the grassroots, artsy, local vibe that is quietly emerging in downtown Phoenix. And subsequently help this crazy state have a bastion of independent and locally owned goodness!In terms of what I like best there...there is a woman who makes pasta out of veggies...with low amounts of starch. I've had a couple different flavors and it is truly amazing. She has these little signs everywhere and it's completely true -- You don't need sauce! Just a little oil! There is an older man who sells greek baked goods. He is my favorite person to chat with at the market. And his baklava is good stuff.Dr. Hummus has outstanding artichoke hummus and tapanade. Her chips are pretty delicious as well.Help downtown Phoenix come alive and buy local!! p.s. I saw that they are opening a downtown public market grocery store on Pierce. Nice.p.s.s. I agree with the post from Alexander...Tammie Coe, Willo, where are you!?
4	What a neat resource to have in the Valley!  So often I'll visit another city, i.e. Seattle, and get jealous of their markets...But today I was so happy to see that we have something similar here...My wife and I went with the goal of making dinner based on the ingredients purchased there and we were happy to have found so many local options.....local honey ( good for local allergies! ), local pasta ( Tempe! ), local olive oil ( Queen Creek! ), local veggies ( outlying farms! ), local cheese ( Maricopa! )....and on and on!We saw the knick-knacks and clothes, thanks but no, and even had a great burrito.  The only reason it gets 4 stars, is because I have yet to discover what else is there....then amendments can be made!
4	In the style of  Bret Easton Ellis:Took a walk down a flight of stairs, landed in downtown Phoenix, strolled into its center, into the Public Market. Don't let people lie to you, Public Markets are for the ugly. I usually shop at the Whole Foods, or the F&E, the most beautiful groceries.  Met a couple of Brits who take me to of all stations, organic fruits, vegetables, vegan cookies. I flirt a bit at the flaxseed stand, buy some bad homemade panflute CDs, then follow some girls with pink hair.  Wrote my mom a postcard I never sent, got a lecture from a Rasta junkie trying to sell me a stolen bike but settled for a hemp lecture instead. Smoked a cig in the dirt lot, but revelers kept giving me The Eye. Saw the Maya. Saw the MBB.  Saw the stand alone store. Ate a lot of weird Moroccan food. It was mild. The booths were okay. Lots of art i don't care for and moreover don't want polluting my Alvar Aalto living room. The dreamcatchers were intense. Wandered around, bought a lot of pastry, ate some intense cookies. I pretend to ice-skate around Central Avenue.  Almost become road kill. Trade songs with a Kiwi girl, then split for the Asian chocolatier.  The chocolate pound cake rocks like you can't imagine. Asian girls are small as pixies.  Sneak into the tent and steal some Couverture so good my dick goes hard. I move on to the salsas and hummuses which is a bust. Too many Americans making the stuff, too many lame pitas. I dipped olive oil with the Serrano Familia, which was a trip, to say the least. Cruise up the coast to the food court, but had no more money, which sucked. Some girl from Melrose tells us about their credit card policy, so I let her charge my card for tickets.  She thinks I'm a capitalist - my burro costs more tonight  than her entire weekly rent. She doesn't mind much when I pay the fee.  Ended up on the edge of the market, which is big and hot and dirty. Just like LA, but with awnings.  It was inexpensive and I'm jonesing - split for Amsterdam. Not the Dutch, but the Gays.  They know English so I didn't have to speak Dutch, which was a relief.  The next morning, I wake up talking to myself. I had a big bump on my head from flailing in my sleep. I get my stuff and barely make my job in south Phoenix. I no longer know who I am and I feel like the ghost of a total stranger.
4	This is pretty cool.   A real downtown market with lots of independent farmers/vendors.They now have expanded to Wednesdays (but it's not very popular).Important note: **Most vendors don't take cash and there is no ATM on-site, so it's best to come with some cash on hand.**
3	I was a little underimpressed, but I suppose I have high expectations having been to wonderful farmers markets in other big cities.  It had all the ingredients of a good farmers market; local crafts, fresh produce, baked goods, local foods, etc.  However, it seemed a little dinky and sad sitting in dirt and gravel.  There weren't a lot of merchants, and many of those present had run out of their wares.  If you go, perhaps you should go early...if only to beat the heat.
4	What no mustard's?  I was hoping to find a homemade mustard's but didn't find any, but there were quite a bit more other offerings.Some of the veggies looked icky,  sorry people but they really did.  Everyone was very friendly and quick to give out samples.  Would have bought more but didn't have a way to keep the items cold because we were going to be out for the rest of the day.Billed as a pubic market and not as a farmer's market makes good sense because there were only 3-5 veggie growers there.  Most were jewelry, handmade sauces/condiments, restaurants, coffee bars, doggie beds, handmade crafts and the like.As the weather warms up, I'll be biking down here very early and checking it out again.PS: I also learned where Matt's Big Breakfast is, just across the street from this place.
1	So now I remember....I remember why I never make the trip down here on Saturday mornings.I remember why the market is more crafts than produceI remember why regular grocery stores get my business when I grew up shopping at a public market...I don't go to Phoenix Farmers Market because there are no farmers there.  The place is over run with ladies who make crafts and a few artists.  There are prepared food vendors selling their not so interesting food at boutique prices.  There were a couple I found interesting enough to consider... the pickle lady, boutique chocolates and Eastern European bakery goods come to mind, but the rest were a waste of my time.For any produce market to grow and be successful they have to offer something better than the grocery stores.  That "something better" is usually a cheaper price.  It is easier for vendors to do so because they don't have the overhead of a store and all the associated expenses.  Most cities have markets where the vendors pull up their step van, open the back, and literally sell out of the back of the truck.  The Phoenix Market vendors don't seem to be aware of this.  They bring a red wagon of produce out of their yard and display it in little packages.  They think we should all pay extra because they are local.  As long as they charge at least twice as much for their goods as any other store in town, there is no reason for people to buy.... other than the feeling of being charitable.  In my opinion, there are better charities than overpaying to a vendor who feels like the world owes it to them for being local.  Simple laws of supply and demand.  As long as they price is lower elsewhere, they won't have my "support."That doesn't mean I don't support local growers.  I can stop at any number of markets and get flowers for half what I saw being charged today. $7 is a little steep for a bunch of wildflowers when I can get a bunch of daffodils for $1.49 at my corner store.  I can buy Hickman's eggs at most local stores for less... and shamrock is local as well.  The one i found particularly insulting was a seedling basil plant for $7 while a huge bushy plant in a 7" pot is less than half that at a regular  store.  If I want a seedling plant in a Dixie cup, I can push a seed in some dirt and wait for 3 days too.Nope.... I won't be buying things at the Phoenix market.  I don't need to pay a premium to the vendors for the privilege of finding them all in one place on a Saturday morning.  I will probably do better stopping at the produce stands along 99th ave on my way home from work every now and then, or the trucks that park on the corners on the outer edges of our city
2	Okay...my past experiences with Farmer's Market completely overshadows my opinion about the downtown Phoenix Public Market.  The context; I used to work at an organic orchard in the central valley of CA that sold 43 varieties of peaches and grew acres of fresh basil, oregano, thyme, rosemary.  After the orchard, I moved to the Bay Area where there is a farmer's market everyday.I am giving the Phoenix Public market a harsh two stars for all the reasons given by previous yelpers.  Yeah...the items are expensive even after chipping in for the organic, local, small business factors.  The quality is not consistent.  I bought two heads of garlic, half of one was dried out and unusable, the other, sprouting...the same goes for the onions.  I liked the scone that I bought from the bakery stand.  the scone had a sandy texture and was moist and fresh.I haven't been back in a while and will probably give it another or several chances...the only way it will get better is to support it and encourage it...My rec is to go early on SAT, have a scone and coffee and people watch in between reading articles from your favorite weekend paper.
4	This market makes me happy.  I'm happy that I can go there, twice a week, and buy from people that live in the area and make their living from it.  Yes, it's not Seattle or San Francisco or Madison.  But it's HERE.  And it's getting bigger!  And people are going!There are consistently good veggies, cheese, eggs, baked goods, and lots of other things to be found here.  I hope it keeps growing.  We need something like this to keep us connected to the World Beyond Concrete.  Yes, it's on gravel.  And it may be small.  But that doesn't mean you can't find the makings for a delicious meal there. :)
5	Granted, the market is, maybe, five minutes from my house (by car), BUT having said that, I LOVE IT.  3 words:  local, organic produce.Yes, there are other vendors selling stuff besides food, but to be honest, I hardly pay attention to them because this market IS my grocery store.  I can get almost everything here except rice....so fresh-made tortillas, lettuce, tomatoes, onions, peppers, eggplant, zucchini, eggs, meat, hummus, pita chips, bread, cookies, salsa, cheese (goat and cow), oil, hand-made pasta, watermelon, peaches, potatoes, oranges, orange juice, greens, dried beans, string beans,...I could go on--really...but you should just go check it out yourself!  Besides food, cleaning supplies and dog biscuits, flowers, crafts and books round out the goods there, but the market's main thrust is food.The fact that all this stuff is fresh, local and most of it organic is just amazing.  Why do you need to go to a grocery store and buy food from China or even Mexico, when you can just buy it from Arizona??  I don't understand why everyone in Phoenix isn't at this market, but I guess if everyone shopped here, it would suck for me.  :)Some tips:  Wednesday nights the market shoppers wane down to only the hard core, so if you're just looking to get your grocery shoppin' done in a jiffy--produce, eggs, meat and salsa, try 4-8pm Wed.  If you want more choices and more vendors (including the tortilla guy!) , go Saturday 8am-1pm.  Also, the produce is ridiculously cheap here.  We usually fill up three shopping baskets full of produce and it always costs under $25.  It's even cheaper than Sprouts, people!  Besides...Sprouts produce is mostly from Mexico (where they practice "viva la DDT", literally).
4	I had a new experience today at the market:  a 30-minute wait to check out!  One Windmill Farm had all kinds of produce this week (apples, pears, corn, peppers, tomatoes, eggplant, potatoes...).  I got to the market around 9.15 (two hours earlier than usual, for me) and saw it in full swing.  If you want to avoid the crowds, go later - but there might not be much left.
4	This weekend was my first trip to the Farmers Market downtown.My friends and I got there pretty late (after 11), so there wasn't a ton of produce to choose from.  I think getting there when it opens at 8 is a good idea, if you're looking for veggies...Otherwise, I was really impressed by the vendors.  I got tamales (which ROCKED), and some really fun pasta.  There certainly were some vendors whose wares weren't that great, but all in all I thought it was a lot of fun!  I love that people bring their dogs, and that they have tables set up for people to chow, and just the sense of community -- which is sort of hard to find in such a big city.I'm really looking forward to going back!
3	My review is for my general impression of the Downtown Open Market. I have been three times , each random trips where I was in the area for other reasons as well.    I like  where I think this market is going ; fresh local produce, bread, honey , sauces , handcrafted gifts and interesting food items. I like encouraging the local craftsman and farmers.  I purchased a beautiful stone necklace that I  adore. I have bought herbs that I used during the week that tasted fresh, and were high quality and the lemonade  crushes a mean lemon or two for my "ade". But I want the market to be fully functional now. I want to go and find lots of veggies every time, fresh eggs, and delicious breads waiting for me at 10:00. Yes I know that  it is not very reasonable but it is what it is.   I know that is not the way it works but that is my reason for not going more or using it more efficiently.  The last time I went in August by 10 there was not hardly any veggies left and what was left was so beat up it wasn't  worth it.So for now I will support by my random trips but still buy the bulk of my veggies else where.
5	The other 4 and 5 star reviewers said it all. It's not huge. It's not perfect. But in Yelp terms, 5 stars means "Woohoo! As good as it gets!" and folks, this is what we got, so it's as good as it gets.I echo the sentiments of the importance of getting there early, especially if you want to buy local eggs from chickens that can scratch and forage etc. A lot of he best produce goes fast, early. You never know what you're going to find there, week to week, which is kind of neat. Some of the goat cheeses are wonderful, and I don't mind buying apples with some bird peck marks on them. The birds know which apples are the best ;) It's real food. The produce is mostly very reasonably priced, and super tasty. The people watching is fun, too. It's always fun. Caveat: Never been on a Wed., only on Saturdays.
5	A great local experience. I love visiting the farmer's market and trying all the great foods. The doctor's hummus is addictive and the artisan cheeses are amazing. I also love the locally produced honeys and the place that sells vegetarian lasagnas and rollitinis. These are wonderful frozen dishes that make a great, healthy, quick and affordable midweek meal. The produce is also wonderfully fresh and the pet treats are very popular at my house. and the cinnamon bread from the bakery table is mouth watering. try a sample and take a loaf home to toast. This is just a great place to walk around, do some people watching and sample unique flavors. Be sure to bring water, a tote bag, a freezer or cold storage bag and lots of cash. all of this is sold on the premises as well, so no worries if you forget anything. Also, the market continues to the late afternoon, so no need to get up too early.
5	The Downtown Phoenix Public Market is an excellent community gathering place.  The organizers are really supportive of community groups (my students had a table there to conduct a class project with no hassle or cost and a great location).  There are lot of great vendors.  Although some of my favs are hit or miss- Strawberry, AZ goat farmers, where did you go???  And the caramel popcorn guy is no longer there :(  This is not a huge market a la Madison, WI, but it is year round and provides an opportunity to feel like you are making a difference in the emerging downtown community.Some weekends there is a nice mix of jewelry and art.  Wednesdays are great for veggies and chatting up vendors.  Definitely go and bring the visitors to a no cost event.  Get some hot cocoa from Wei in the winter and enjoy your neighbors.
5	The bounty continues into winter...now they have added citrus to the mix!I've finally added the fifth star, because, while it is not the best farmer's market in the COUNTRY, it is the best one I've been to in the Valley.  :)
5	I had a fantastic time here on Saturday. There was a great variety of produce, fresh bread, interesting (truly!) arts and crafts, and people watching. My mom splurged and bought me the most adorable handmade apron, and I bought some handmade soap. Really, I wanted to buy something from nearly every vendor there. It was much larger and more well organized than I had anticipated. Although you can use a credit card, cash exchanges are preferable. If you use a credit card, you cannot complete your transaction with the individual vendor. Rather, you have to go to a different line where all of the credit card transactions take place.
3	I would definitely recommend going. The prices are a bit expensive. Do not buy a share, you really aren't getting much bang for your buck. However, do go. Buy a few things for dinner. I couldn't imagine doing all of my shopping there, but what I did buy was fresh and very tasty.
2	small selection and kind of overpriced. definitely avoid on wednesday nights. as saturday mornings are much more lively.
5	Ah, the lazy, cheap liberals of the internet!With regards to pricing whines:  shut up.  Seriously.  It's a little more expensive than Ranch Market, Food City, Sunflower, or Sprouts, but on an item-by-item comparison, you can definitely very easily save over Basha's, Fry's, or Safeway, and you can DEFINITELY DEFINITELY save over "fresh" produce options like Whole Foods, AJ's or Trader Joe's.  Like any other shopping experience, you just have to be savvy and cognizant.There is one word why this market is awesome, and should be the envy of every other city in the winter months.  It starts with "p" and rhymes with "vulture."  Out of guesses?  PERMACULTURE!Phoenix, far from being the completely unforgiving desert most imagine it to be, has been an agricultural valley for centuries, largely because the weather and lack of harsh frosts allow for nutritional plants to be grown  year-round.Try finding fresh produce at a farmer's market in Chicago in December!  Or better yet, don't.  I've tried, and it sucks.The prices of produce vary here on natural factors:  when a crop is near the end of it's growing season, price will go up, as less product will be available.  In the spring, you can get beautiful chard for $1.50 a bunch - I don't know if you can beat that price anywhere - and other fresh greens for about less than you pay for "organic" crap in grocery stores.Depending on the vendor and the conventionality/ease of growth of the veggie, you can definitely feed yourself here with modest to zero increase in your produce budget.  For example, carrots, potatoes, onions, and garlic are super duper cheap - and shallots even come in at way less than they do in the usual grocery store.  But if you want heirloom tomatoes, eggs, milk, or cheese, yeah, you're going to have to shell out a little more - but not to an outrageous extent.As for atmosphere, if you want the whole farmer's market experience, definitely drop in on Saturday morning, when families and dogs are out in full force.  There will be a wider variety of vendors, live music, and a general lazy Saturday party feel . Wednesday nights are great, too, though, if you are one of the awesome people who lives in downtown Phoenix and you want to make it to the weekend with fresh veggies.Also, there are tons of cool vendors who sell homemade crafts for affordable prices.  I've gotten many gifts here for my mom, lady friend, and assorted others.Also, they accept food stamps, which is awesome.Bottom line:  if you think adding another two or three bucks to your grocery bill in order to support local, sustainable and delicious produce is going to break your bank, that's understandable.  But don't complain about the prices here unless you are on the verge of bankruptcy.  ::Insert longer rant about how American liberals like to talk about sustainability and the environment but balk at even tiny increases in product expenses::
4	When the weather is cool, i.e. I don't burst into flames when I walk outside, or sink into the tar pits that were once the street, getting outside is the perfect way to spend a Saturday. Heading down to the Phoenix Market is awesome.  While it had been a while since I was 1) up early enough to make it down there and 2) I wasn't too lazy to head downtown, I was so glad I decided to go this past weekend.Fully pet friendly for well socialized dogs, Guinness and I headed down to check out the goods.  First, I was impressed with how much bigger the market was than my last visit.  Tons of vendors, all under tents, so no sunburn for me!  While you will pay a premium price for the smaller growers, the quality is usually top notch.I was a good girl, and didn't go crazy, but I now have a wish list a mile long.  If its not *too* hot, I think I will try and hit them up again.  Otherwise, I might just have to wait until the fall.
5	As the 40th review I'm not sure what can be said that hasn't except:* Fesh eggs are the BEST and are a little easier to get at the market now that there are a few more producers.  Plen to get them before 10 am* As of today, May 2, there are more produce vendors than I've ever seen and some prices reflect that.  I smeeled the carrot at one booth and had to buy some when I found that a gigantic bunch was only $2.00* The lady selling the crocheted doo-dads gives away dog treats - stop by if you have your pup.* The dog bed from the dog bed guy are a hit with the canine set, and he does custom fabrics and sizes* The Mexican style shrimp cocktails are really, really good.  I get some most every week.  MmmmmI love the feel and the vibe at the market.  A real community spirit pervades the crowd.  Phoenix doesn't get better than this.
4	I went to the farmers market last night and it was fun! I ate a tamale from the vendor there and it was very good. Cost $2 and made an excellent snack. I'm not really into the crafts thing but there was also several vendors selling fresh organic vegtables. I bought some fresh produce then found some fresh eggs. Prices were not cheap but better than I have seen at some of the other farmer's markets around town. I will definitly be back..
4	Went to the market for the first time today and I enjoyed myself.  I loved seeing the herbs and plants I could grow for my own veggies (some of them were "pre-tortured under the AZ sun"... loved that line) and smelling all the great concoctions that people make.The creativity... it's awesome.  I love going to those craft fairs and seeing stuff, but I like seeing soaps and art and other various items that people will put together on their own.It was super nice that they had portable evap coolers blowing down the aisles and lots of shade.  It was very comfortable, lots of tasters and the music is great.I told friends that I would be going here today, and they all said, "Oh I wanna go!! I'm so jealous!!"Now I see why. :)
4	Kudos Phoenix! I have been starving for some culture in Phoenix for years! The Downtown Phoenix Market is a breath of fresh air in a previously stagnant city. The raspberry cocoa preserves and spicy o's (think jalapeno relish) I purchased from Terra Verde farms were unique and delicious! I also found the Arizona Bread Company's products and Dr. Hummus'  treats to be irresistible, among others. There are tons of great vendors. Everyone is friendly, and the samples are delectable.  While it's a little small for a major city's farmer's market, it has great potential and I highly recommend it! I gave it 4 stars because I'd like to park there for free (currently costs $5) and the summer months are going to be awfully toasty (but they do have misters).
3	I like it there are some cool goods to be gotten.BUT, why is local organic product so expensive?  Sorry, but in this economy I am sticking to Sprouts organic which is much cheaper and better quality.There is a guy there selling salsas that are great!  As well as the carmel apple guy, I have never seen so many different types of carmel apples, they were yum!It's a fun place to go on a Wednesday evening or Saturday am.
3	Market....not exactly....Farmer's Market....absolutely not. Think craft fair, with a band, better than average nosh items, like a great sausage and peppers hoagie, excellent mexican drinks, overpriced but tasty breads and pastries. So, if you are looking for a great way to kill a Saturday morning and you are low on tie die pot holders and baby t-shirts, need some overpriced kalamata olive bread and want a snack while listening to a great band in downtown Phoenix, this is your spot. If you are truly interested in shopping local and looking for local produce - you are in Phoenix, let go of this dream and head to Sprouts!
5	This is the first Farmers market I have been to in Phoenix. 7 of my friends and I plus two 2 year old's decided to have a morning outing last Saturday. We met up at the Chris-town light rail and rode down to the Roosevelt stop. We walked over to Matt's Big Breakfast there were only 2 couples ahead of us so we waited about 10 minutes and were seated yeah 10 of us! After our delicious breakfast we walked to the market for a bit of shopping. It was about 100 degrees out but you really couldn't tell. The market was completely covered by tents and they were running huge swamp coolers that were blowing very cold! I bought some beautiful opal basil a huge bunch for 2 dollars! Another bunch of lemon basil same deal. I bought 2 great eggplant for a dollar each and they were delicious! The tomato oh my I got a couple green, a couple yellow, and a couple red all six were a little larger than a baseball for 6.50! I have not had a tomato that good since Illinois. I also bought some hand made dark chocolate, a pair of copper earrings, some orange blossom honey, and some vermouth olives (great for Martini's). All in all it was a fun day with great friends and some great finds at the market! I will be back.
5	Awesome produce, all local and organic. Just bought a bunch of stuff and it was some of the tastiest veggies I've had. Other nice local goodies to be found here as well. Everything I've tried has been delicious. It's not too pleasant to visit during the summer since it is outdoors, so I just quickly get what I want and then run away to the A/C. Its nice to spend some time there and browse when it is cooler out though. I highly recommend checking it out.
5	I'm so happy to have found out about this farmer's market.  We buy all of our (TRULY free range, grass fed, pastured) meats and (local organic) produce here, and some of our cheese and bread as well.  We also started buying our (grass fed) eggs here, but you have to get there early to get them because they often sell out by about 10.  The eggs are expensive (5$ a dozen!) but SO worth it.  Crack one open and take a look- the yolks are a deep orangish yellow from all the nutrients the hens retain by not choking down corn and grain all day long.We buy most of our produce from One Windmill Farm and I've almost always been happy with it.  The only time I've been slightly let down was this past week when I bought some spring mix lettuce and when I was preparing it Sunday evening I noticed it smelled "not so fresh."  But we ate it anyway and it was fine.  Maybe that's just how they smell when they don't have the chlorine bath that the bagged stuff at the grocery store has.  If you get there early, there's a super long line to wait in to pay.  But again, it's worth it.  Better for me to stand in line than have the produce drive across state lines to get to my dinner table.
4	Today was the best experience I have had so far at the Farmer's Market. The game plan for today was get there early to have more selection which seemed to work. Normally the veggies are picked over but today I had lots of delicious choices. Sweet gorgeous heirloom tomatoes, loads of  pretty purple Japanese eggplants,  and luscious herbs fresh and plants  with wonderful aromas in the air. I chose fresh corn for dinner , tomatoes, leeks and shallots. Plus a giant head of purple cabbage ..I am a sucker for purple veggies..good thing they didn't have any purple carrots I  would have bought them all.  They also had wonderful artisan breads , had to buy some and I am not a bread lover. They tempted me with cheese pepper bread, apricot walnut and earthy loves of sourdough.  Also bought most of the Meat Shop's bacon supply , sorry if you got there after 9 and it was all gone, I love me some bacon. I look forward to going back , it's always a bit different and I hope our local merchants , farmers, and chefs can make this thing a big success.  I thrilled that it appears to be getting bigger and better . Buy Local!
4	Went yesterday afternoon.  Although small, I was digging this place.  I was told that it will grow, as the seasons change and harvests come in.  Looking forward to it.
5	Convenient location to Downtown. Perfect for parents with kiddies in the Saturday morning classes at the Valley Youth Theater. The best feature is the option to buy farm fresh produce from local growers, fresh bread and delicious eats all the while enjoying live music. You can pay with your credit card by getting an invoice for all your items from any vendor. Then take all your invoices to one booth, pay and then go back to pick up all your stuff. There are many handmade crafts, foods, even art work.
2	After reading about the Phoenix Public Market on here and on various websites, I knew I had to check it out.  But when I got there, I was seriously underwhelmed.  Where was the produce?  Where were the farmers? I guess I've been spoiled by farmers' markets in San Francisco and in Hawaii, but I don't think even a quarter of the booths were hawking fresh produce. Even the tiny market in Flagstaff has more. I was expecting bounties of tomatoes, squash, and other delicious veggies.  Alas, there was little variety in the way of produce.  Most of the things sold there seemed to be value-added foods or processed foods like Decio Pasta (which, while delicious, can be ordered off a website or at other markets).  They also had baked goods, prepared foods like tamales, italian food, but since I was shopping to make a meal for a vegan friend, nothing there really was useful.
4	"Wanna date?"Yes, this is what the young kid asks every gal who walks by, but what he's offering isn't some one-night stand, it's a fantastic Organic Medjool date. This is a very short note to say you should buy from him and eat a few a day and you will be happy. And it's easier than fighting with the birds in your own date palm to harvest them. Yes, truly, your date palm isn't just shedding schmutz, those dates up there are edible...but I willed mine this year to the birds and bought from these guys.Sonoran Date PalmsHC-1 Box 35WDateland, AZ 85333928-454-2771shephardneeley@yahoo.com
4	The Downtown Phoenix Public market isn't has large as other big city public markets but it has really improved over the years. There is a wide variety of items for sale and great people watching potential. I am not a "granola" person but the granola at the Scottsdale Bread Basket was soooo good! I also stocked up on fresh veggies (more mint for the mojitos), french bread, and coconut macaroons. Everything is so fresh and fragrant and most importantly by shopping here you are supporting local businesses. If you are in the area you should definitely stop by and shop.
4	It's not your typical farmers market. It is a farmer's market and general market where you can pick up produce, lunch, and other arts and crafts. Generally I love looking around at farmer's markets and trying all the foods. I am glad I went to this market because I got to try the Authentic Mexican Shrimp Cocktail! I've had some awesome Shrimp Cocktail before, so it was even more awesome to stumble upon this and find it to meet and exceed my expectations!It is 100 times better than the normal shrimp cocktail. This is in a tomato-y cocktaily lime with avocado goodnesss. I would go back to the market just to see this guy again and to buy another bowl of legit mexican shrimp cocktail.
3	not really a fan. happy that the store is opened. cause the open market mess was no fun.
5	I have been coming to the market since it opened but never reviewed it.... which is silly because I love it!  Tonight I got the most delicious fresh carrots - my daughter and I just loved munching them down to the green tops.  We also splurged and got a quiche lorraine from a new vendor - the sample was delicious so we brought home a frozen one.  It's always nice to see some of the other regular vendors - Nate and Donna have beautiful bead work and amazing herbal salve....try it, I swear, it's better than any neosporin or stuff you buy at Walgreens and the woman with the farm cheese has woo'd me with her samples.  Also, inside the market store is always a sample - tonight we tried mango jalepeno salsa!  It's a great community place to be outside, enjoy our co-residents of the Valley and support local businesses!
4	Dropped in for lunch and went for the half BLT sandwich with side of Beef Stew. Was not impressed with the limited selection of everything in the market but at least lunch was bitchin'! I'll have to slide into the coffee shop next visit.
3	Lots to see. Too poor to buy.Supporting local growers can get pretty expensive. I saw a jar of pickled okra that I really wanted to buy, except it was $9! Even the tamale sold there was $3 for one and a steamed bun was $5.I did get to sample some good stuff though: maple butter, mango and jalapeno jam, smoked mozzarella and Belinda's sweet pickles. I did feel sorry for some vendors who got no attention at all.The girl at the organic cracker tent was very shy. I could tell she was uncomfortable and worked up the nerve to ask a man walking by, "Sir, would you like to try my crackers?"Man responds with a stern "No" and walks off. I looked at her faced and she looked like the hottest guy in school just told her she smelled. I would definitely come here again if I really didn't want to sleep in on a Saturday and had a bunch of money I didn't need.
4	1/30/10Like previous visitors, I've lived near the area for a few years, but today was my first visit (of course, it was the first time I took a Saturday off from work specifically to see what the hype was all about).  Arrived at the end of outdoor farmers' market hours, but managed to have a look at some unique or hard-to-find goods (specialty jams, nuts, pasta, Crave ice cream!, as well as jewelry, clothing, and home goods, etc.), besides farm-fresh veggies on sale.  I was very hungry (having only woken up a few hours before to exercise, shower, and dash to the outdoor market before they closed down for the weekend), so I rushed looking over the goods, found there wasn't any fresh, hot breakfast to be had, and thus entered the PDM itself.  What a quaint, little shop!  It reminded me of a clean Sprout's or Sunflower Market, w/ refrigerated sections full of organic and/or locally-produced meats, Shamrock and Horizon organic milk, and cheese.  The grocery shelves held the usual  items you'd find at said markets above, but there were a few unique brands I've never seen before (soaps, to be more specific).  Prices were a bit higher than in said markets.  What I really liked here was the counter where you ordered fresh, hot food to eat in, or take out.  Loved that the breads featured were from a couple of local shops (spec. Simply Bread).  The pastry case tempted me so!Breakfast had just ended, so it took awhile for me to peruse through their lunch menu.  I decided to try the Sweet Italian sandwich w/ a choice of side (salad or chips- I chose the salad).  The sandwich was so tasty!  A must-try, if you like sausage and peppers.  (I enjoyed it so much, I almost walked out w/ a package of sausage from the refrigerated section, but I had somewhere else to go to afterwards and had not packed my cooler w/ ice to do proper food shopping.  I just figured it gave me a great reason to visit again soon!)I also popped into the coffee bar next door... what a cute place!
5	my oh my how times have changed. i first went to this market years ago and it was so rinky-dink, i was embarassed for a city the size of phoenix to have such a sad farmers market. so i walked across the street and ate at this place called Matt's Big Breakfast.fast forward to today. had the day off so i figured i'd head downtown to check out "the hood" since all i ever really do is confine myself to my little 2 sq mile home. i couldn't have been more surprised to come upon the phoenix farmers market! man what a nice change. it is so much bigger! i had to stop and look around. there were so many more tents and vendors...i was muy impressed. even got to pick up a few beautiful heirloom tomatoes....so juicy and red, i washed them and bit into them right there on the spot! good going for downtown farmers markets. i have to say matt's is still there but i hear now it's like  a 2 hour wait? are you kidding me? for breakfast? it's eggs, bread, and pancakes for crying out loud...seriously folks?
4	After a satisfying saturday breakfast at Matt's, we headed to the farmers market. People were still setting up shop as we walked through but I am glad I got to check out what was being offered.I love that the whole thing is tented, it was nice out when we went but summer heat is just around the corner! I have a thing about jam/jelly. it's actually my dream to make jam when i grow up using things i pick myself. one day, you'll see, one day...anyway, that ended up being the only thing we bought. it was an awesome assortment of jalapeno jellys that were made the week before by the girl selling. WOW!  she also gave us some great recipes. very nice. it went great with all of the margaritas we made when we got home. we poured it on top of cream cheese and snacked with chips. delicious.
5	I LOVE this place I go every Wed night because they are open from 4 ish til prob 7 or 8 pm anyway I am really liking the food from One Windmill Farm lately and also Double Check Ranch. It is sooo satisfying to support these local farmers, get fresh food, be healthy and yea just amazing! Everyone is so friendly and you will learn a lot about how the food is made and interesting stories about the farmers... oh be aware they are out to make a buck so if you bend to peer pressure easily you will end up with ten tons of food going home! ;)
1	I was very excited to visit the market after reading great things about the adjoining coffee shop.  I really liked the feel of the place but I did think the grocery prices were high.  However, as I have never shopped for local organic groceries before I had no basis to form that opinion.But as I do know sandwiches I thought I'd have lunch and ordered the Turkey on wheat....MAJOR disappointment.  They use pulled turkey which normally would be wonderful.  But the guy who prepared it included a good handful of tendons from the drum stick.  So every time I bit into the sandwich I got a mouthful of gross.If that wasn't bad enough, during the meal one of the employees checked with me to see how the meal was.  When I mentioned (and showed her) the tendons she said that they have a suggestion board for such things.  Are you kidding me?  How about an apology and making a new sandwich or something.  I didn't complain to her with that in mind but if you're going to make a "quality check" you should do more than what she did.  Heck, she even mentioned that she was a vegetarian.  I would think the site of chewy tendons would be enough to get a little sympathy from her.I might give it a second chance because I really like the idea of supporting small local businesses.  But unless the quality is great next time, I'll cross this place off my list.
5	I like this twice-a-week farmers' market quite a bit.  It contributed to my decision to purchase the condo that I did.  I can see it from my window.  8am rolls around every Saturday morning and I roll out of bed and walk across the street to check out the week's offerings.  It does die down quite a bit in the summers - that's expected.  (I do hope Nuna and the soap lady come back in the fall!)  But adjusting for seasonality, it seems to be getting bigger and bigger, which excites me  :)
3	Got some nice fresh tomatoes here, along with a giant seedless watermelon :)  There are several stores here that sell cheese, pickles and canned jalapenos :)  Its not very big and most of the store owners start packing around noon time.  I wished it could grow bigger but then its a good start for phoenix.  Bravo to the store owners for being there every saturday in spite of the heat :)
4	I love the Phoenix Public Market, we head down every Saturday morning to buy produce.  I agree with Matthew K, the first time I went we went later in the morning and the produce was not great.  Now we go first thing and are there at opening and we always get great fresh stuff.We also have picked up yummy fresh bread, tortillas, and pasta.  All vendors have been friendly.  Warning the parking lot gets crowded fast, but again if you come early you can have your pick of treats and parking spaces!
5	There is absolutely nothing terrible I can say about this place. I am so grateful we actually have a public market. I am on roosevelt row and love being able to walk/ride over.  All vendors sell very quality based produce/products and are wonderful to talk to. Ive bought Alaskan sockeye salmon twice from the same farm family and it's the best and most fresh salmon Ive cooked. I will forever be a visitor and only hope to see vast growth in the future.
3	10/14/10Popped in here to see if I could spend some of the CSM (?) card I'd procured in July.  I took advantage of a $5 savings by purchasing a $100 gift card.  I didn't find much to buy then, and the same went for today.  Had I known that I only had until the end of the year to use up the balance, I don't think I'd have gone through w/ the gift card purchase.  The whole process of acquiring the card took about 20 minutes due to the newness of the promotion, as well as the crowded little store, with its arbitrary lines of people waiting to pay at the two registers.  I find it very stressful inside the market, and it's almost reason enough not to return.  Fortunate for DPPM, the cheese plate I had there today redeemed it for its lack of organization and crowded space.  For $7 plus tax, I enjoyed a large plate w/ three cheeses of my choice (MouCo Rouge, a Camembert; and two semi-hard cheeses: Espresso-lavender and Rosemary), plus a sliced mini-baguette, almonds, grapes, and strawberries, and a little cup of DPPM's own zesty pepper-mango jam.  What a feast!  My favorite was the ultra-creamy and pungent MouCo Rouge ($8 for a mini-wheel).  Also available for purchase was Buckeye, AZ's Crow's Dairy chevre ($5 for a 4 oz cup).  [Truckin' Good Food, a food truck located outside, showcased this creamy goat cheese in its magnificent Brittany crepe.]  I'll have to remember to pick one up on my next visit!I also purchased four pastries: a chocolate chip fudge brownie, a walnut fudge brownie, an almond-apricot bar, as well as a raspberry-nut bar.  My least favorite of the four was the raspberry-- I didn't care for the strong greasy aftertaste!   At $3 a pop, they're just OK, but not good enough for me to buy them again.  (Well, maybe the brownies are worth revisiting!)  Better yet, I'll save the $12 and buy more crepes from T'GF!
3	10/27/10Happy 1st birthday, DPPM!  Stopped by this afternoon to help celebrate DPPM's 1st birthday by sampling and voting for the best birthday cake in the "Birthday Cake Bake-Off," which was held from 4p-6p.  (I left before 6p, so perhaps the celebration continued after 6p.)  While I was there, I tried cupcakes by Cake Contessa and slices of cakes by Tracey Dempsey, Phoenix Public Market Cafe, and Bread Basket.  It was so hard to pick a favorite, as each had something more special than the others.  Honest!  Here are participants' offerings (well, at least what I was able to try!)--CAKE CONTESSA: Vanilla and chocolate cupcakes w/ vanilla frosting-Both cupcakes were melt-in-your-mouth tender.  Out of the two, my fave was the vanilla!TRACY DEMPSEY: Coffee-marmalade cake- White cake w/ orange marmalade-vanilla icing layer in the middle and coffee frosting.  Loved the texture of this cake, which was more like a pound cake), and I also liked the orange and coffee combo.PHOENIX PUBLIC MARKET CAFE: Chocolate cake AND Vegan chocolate cake-Yellow cake w/ chocolate frosting on top and middle layers, as well as a dark chocolate ganache atop a vanilla fondant layer!  Loved this cake's texture, which was a little denser than that of Tracy's, and the combo of the its texture and fondant/ganache was new to me.  I've had cakes w/ a fondant topping, and I've had cakes frosted w/ ganache, but not one w/ both!  Out of all the cakes I sampled, CC's simple vanilla cupcake and PPMC's ganache-topped yellow cake topped my list UNTIL someone brought out the...Vegan chocolate cake- Eggless chocolate cake w/ raspberry jam doubling as a filling and as a topper, w/ garnishes of strawberries.  The bottom had a tan-colored layer, which I assumed would taste like mocha, but I didn't detect any coffee notes.  At first glance, I thought it might have been flourless, but closer inspection revealed a cake-y texture.  This cake was served slightly warm and tasted very good.  DPPM deserved my vote for "best birthday cake" by offering both vegan and non-vegan cakes, IMO!BREAD BASKET: White cake, cherry and vanilla filling, and frosting.Liked the flavor combo and the cake's texture, but I was felt like the flavors could've been a little more potent. (Summers Fruit Barn in Phoenix sells breads and pastries from Bread Basket.)I also sampled Sweet Republic's Pumpkin spice ice cream, a seasonal item.  It was fabulous!  I must stop by and taste it again before it leaves the menu!  (Crave Ice Cream and Grateful Spoon Gelato were no-shows.  Boo!)Thank you, DPPM, for the invite!p.s.  Forgive the sorry-looking cupcakes-- they fell as I reached for another slice of cake.  (There were so many others who were reaching for plates from all directions...  What?  Why was I such a pig, you ask?  Hey, I had to try every slice if I'm to vote for the best "birthday cake," yes?  OK, then.  :)Hmm.. I wonder which cake ended up w/ the honors?
4	The Wednesday evening market and the Saturday Market are the Highlights of my week. As the weather cools in the valley of the sun the vendors come out. Fresh fruits, veggies, cheeses, breads, flowers, chocolate, soaps, honey, pickles, fresh prepared foods, jewelry and other arts and crafts, are all staples at the market. They offer delightful samples and they are out rain, shine or 110+degrees. What I enjoy about Wednesdays is the food trucks and vendors who come out. Short Leash, RiteWay catering, Torched Goodness, The Tamale shop...and each week you may find another one showing up...All very quality food finds....The trouble is deciding where to go....while I love trying each place I still find myself trying something new at each place as I put them through the rotation. One of the many reasons I love living and working in Downtown Phoenix...the Downtown Phoenix Public Market!!
4	I love this eclectic place. I can grab some tasty food, meet someone for a coffee, or shop some great local products.  The staff has always been helpful when I've had any questions, and I'm hoping they continue to thrive downtown!
5	I finally made it down to the Phx Public Market yesterday and I loved it! The vendors told me that Wed is pretty mellow compared to Saturday. It sounds like it will compare to the amazing farmers' markets I've been to in NYC and San Fran. There was a great variety of items, fresh fruits, veggies, baked goods, dairy, etc. The vendors were all so nice - I chatted with most of them about their products. I'm also super-excited to try some of the food truck meals - they were really difficult to resist (I had dinner plans). I can't wait to go back on a Saturday!! I just wish I lived closer.
3	Its taken me quite a bit of time...but, I finally made my way to the public market downtown last Wednesday!!  It was smaller than I was expecting - 1 food truck, about 15 vendors, and only about 4 tables with actual farm fresh produce; the other ones sold gourmet foods and crafts.  Can't a city the size of Phoenix support something bigger?!We walked around with the dog and sampled things here and there and ending up finishing really quickly - it wasn't very much of an evening out. Maybe Saturday mornings are more exciting? Everything was pretty pricey, but I guess that is expected when shopping for specialty foods.  $18 bought me a sandwich, a small bag of granola and some tzatziki. I did think it was kind of cool that you didn't have to bring cash and you could build a little shopping list and then take it to the front to pay with a card. The highlight of the evening was Royal Coffee - but I suppose that's for another review!
4	I would have never discovered this place if it weren't for me going to downtown phoenix ASU.  I absolutely love it and every Wednesday night and Saturday morning, they have the farmers come out and set up in their parking lot.  This store has yummy raw food, great coffee, and groceries that are a must  for my home.  Their coffee shop has seating and a great ambiance to set up shop with your lab top and/or read.  It is very convenient for students or business professionals. I really enjoy shopping there because they have great food but also, I love to support local businesses!!
3	After being told I'd have to wait 45 minutes for breakfast, I crossed the street to check out the farmers' market.  This looked like a good small market: fresh produce, family recipe sauces, gluten free breads, award winning hummus.  I had fun trolling the market sampling the tasty goods.  The reason for three stars:  nothing compares to the Ferry Building.
4	The Phoenix Public Market has become a Saturday morning tradition for me.  It's a very relaxing way to begin my day.Having frequented farmers markets for years I'm quite impressed with how well put together the market is.  The stalls are easy to navigate, with plenty of shade for a hot morning.There is a nice level of diversity to be found as well, from pickled veggies to grass fed beef.  Everything is high quality and reasonably priced.The produce selection is good enough for me to get all of my fruits and veggies for the week.  Take that, Safeway!Every week I find myself buying something new, usually on a whim.  All of the vendors are incredibly passionate about their products and it really shows in the quality.If you're in the neighborhood do yourself a favor and drop in, you won't be disappointed.
4	I love this place. Love the logo, love the open-air Saturday market, love the selection, love the people, love the passion.Dear Gods:I pray for world peace and Sunday hours at PPM.Amen.
5	I love my local Farmer's Market whole-heartedly!  I used to travel in from the 'burbs to attend, and then decided to move downtown.  The market definitely informed my decision.  I love buying food from people who raise it themselves.  I learn about new foods (this week: sorrel, which is a green that has a bright, lemon-y flavor...yummy in a salad) from the vendors.  I shop the indoor market, too.  It's great to be able to buy kombucha and hemp milk in the neighborhood.  There's a great selection of regional craft beers, too.  And don't even get me started about the wine selection.I love that the market has installed awnings and a misting system that utilizes harvested rainwater.  And that they've planted trees.  And that they host the mobile food court, or "Food Truck Friday," which helps local food entrepreneurs connect with the public, and provides a great lunch alternative downtown.  I ESPECIALLY love that the market is replacing a single metered parking space with racks for 16 bicycles.  I ride my bike here most weekends, and will appreciate the expanded parking space.  I can purchase most everything I need at the market, and I feel good knowing that my dollars are staying right here in our community.
4	What a nice gourmet market in the Northern part of Downtown Phoenix!  I lived in the neighborhood long before the light rail system and many of the newer restaurants and shops opened, including this market.  My friend and I checked out the outdoor farmers market which had a decent amount of produce considering it was mid-April.  They carry a number of Arizona wines and after participating in a tasting we decided to buy a couple bottles to take to a dinner party that evening.  The Arizona wines seem to be just as good as most California wines.  Who would have known?  The market also carries a number of gourmet products, vinegars, etc.
4	Downtown Phoenix looks a bit dead and worn-down in the light of day, and after eating at Matt's Big Breakfast, I decided to walk across the street to the PPM. Sure, I wasn't exactly starving - I did just have a big breakfast, after all - but walking through those aisles and looking at all the fresh produce is oddly comforting. I painful incongruousness in life that I only visit these public markets when I'm visiting a city, leaving me no practical way to take advantage of most of the wares you can find here. *sigh*
5	There is little that I don't love about this place. They have an amazing outdoor market on Wednesday and Saturdays. The ingredient for lunches, coffee, wine, etc.. are locally sourced and fresh. The entire place is run as a not-for-profit to bring wholesome food to people who might not otherwise have access. Do go visit. It's good and it's good for the community.
4	This is a really fun grocery and deli. The prices for anything other than veggies are a little high but the deli is fairly priced and the quality is most excellent. Everything was as fresh as you could imagine. The happy hour is good too! There were some folks doing a wine tasting at the counter and looked like they were having a lot of fun. I will definitely be back!
5	First, I confess.I'm not a fan of organic food.I'm not a fan of locally grown food.and I'm not rich and like to buy cheap grocery if possible. But, I like varieties, and freshness.Thus I like farmer's market.I've only been to two farmer's market at Phoenix, one at roadrunner park, one at downtown Phoenix.  Both are good, but I like downtown one better.The best thing at farmer's market, is to buy some varieties that are different from what's in the supermarket. Actually, don't expect them to be in any supermarket. My wife loves the apricot I bought, because it tastes so much like what she had years ago at her grandparents' country-side home.  The apricots are small, with big pits.  You know no supermarket will sell these ugly apricots. Furthermore, they are so ripe and delicate, I almost always crashed some of them on my way home, that we have to eat them immediately at breakfast.  Yet it's not eat, they almost immediately melted in your mouth, and all you need to do is to spit out the pit, and put another one into your mouth, and you can do this again and again until all apricots are gone, or extreme mental strength, stop and tell yourself to leave some for that afternoon. Though pricey than supermarket, It is worth every penny.(Well, OK, my son, who is 3 years old, proved that we were wrong on the above claim: didn't melt! popsicle please! )Same thing for many other fruits, breads and vegetables. For example, the long beans I bought here is very fresh, which make them a perfect choice for a summer veg salad, while the ones I bought from Chinese market is so old that I even swore I will never touch it.  Farmer's market made me change my mind.To have such a farmer's market, is a total bless to my life.  I wish I had found it earlier.
4	This review is only for the farmers' market piece.  The market happens every Wednesday evening and Saturday morning.  It's a great place to pick up some good fresh produce.  The sellers are friendly and clearly passionate about what they are selling.  Some of the prices are a little higher than grocery stores, but that is to be expected to from the farm produce.   Take time and check out all the stands.  The only thing that I wish would improve would be more vendors selling produce and less vendors selling everything else.  There are a lot of vendors but it's hard to find more than 2 vendors selling a plethora of produce.  Maybe in the fall/winter there will be more selections but in the summer there's primarily 1-2 stands with more than 2 types of produce.
5	This place absolutely knocks itself out to be a positive community partner.  Manager Cindy Gentry has been open to pretty much every programming request I've ever seen her get, from a Get Your PHX event to our first Phoestivus to recently, a Places, Spaces, Faces Community Dinner potluck.I work a lot with small, local companies looking for a presence for their products.  Cindy has been open to every person I've ever introduced her to.  For Phoestivus, she didn't charge a booth fee, only a percentage of sales, which allowed many microbusinesses who otherwise would have no access to a Christmas market, to participate and launch.If you're pro-local food this is definitely a place to shop.  Even if you can't afford to buy all of your groceries there, buy an item or two a week to support the process.  It's what will help this concept, and the availability of some of the healthiest foods out there, to survive.
4	this market will always be near and dear to my heart.  i love the the midweek open-air market on wednesday nights - even though it is considerably smaller than the saturday market, it's a convenient and quick stop on my way home from work i i need a few veggies to carry me through to the weekend.even though they are from california, my favorite vendor at the saturday market is: http://fiscalinicheese.com/  these guys have many delicious cheeses with free samples so be sure to check them out!they are redoing all of the landscaping surrounding the area so be sure to look for the new and improved space soon!i also love that you can get a delicious cup of coffee at http://www.royalcoffeebar.com/  since you need to be a the market early to score the best selection of veggies, this will get your motor running!remember, if you don't have cash, ask the vendors for a slip of paper where they will write down your total and you can pay at the information booth with a credit/debit card!
5	I can't go to this market every week, but every other time I go, I always end up having fun. Vegetables might not be as cheap as your favorite chain store, but the idea they came from a closer distance and the variety they have tempts you to fill your reusable bag. My other favorite place to visit here? THE TAMALE SHOP!!! theirs is the best I've had so far in Arizona.
4	I agree.  Nothing compares to the Ferry Building in SF, but it's off to a great start and since I moved to midtown the market is on my list of things to do every Saturday.  The bread is fantastic and I bought some of the Italian sauces to take home.  And the cheese!  PHX public market I love you.
3	I've eaten here once and that's all I'll ever do. My friends know me for my carnivorous ventures. When you microwave bacon to a leathery texture and serve it on a BLT, that's the first and last straw in my book. It may be a great health food cafe but screw that. I'll never eat there again. On the other hand they do host a marvelous farmers market. The owner or manager, I don't know which, is an absolute sweetheart. They also have great small wine tasting of only local producers which is always a plus. I want to give them 1 star on the food but for the great things they do in the community, I'll give them 3.
4	The Phoenix Public Market is where is any true Vegan or Vegetarian Elitist would want to be found and that's exactly who was there. The store was much smaller than what I thought it would be but it was charming in a "big city meets small farm" type of way. Their produce selection has exotic vegetables which I had never heard of and it seemed to be reasonable priced. I really like that this place supports local business to the core! They carry products from local stores like Sweet Republic, Fairytale Brownies, and several small name local businesses I had never heard of. This place truly inspired the "wanna-be cook" in me. There was fresh herbs, butter and cheese. You can even order something to be made for you while you shop. I tasted one of their Frescas drinks and boy was it tasty; it was called Santa's something... It tasted like cranberry, apple, citrus and holiday spices.  Even if you don't need any food check this place out it's definitely worth meandering around at least once.
4	The PPM is a great place to purchase local gems from produce to spices, arts to salsa. I'm a fan of progress, and while others bemoan the fact that the place isn't perfect, I am just happy it exists. The feel of the place is really nice, and it's cool bumping into people, seeing old friends, and making new ones.This is a bike friendly spot, so bring your reusable shopping bags, and hop on your bike (hopefully it's a cruiser). As a bonus tip, sometimes the market has free wine tastings, and in my experiences, the wine reps are lovely and very proud of their wine. Enjoy your time at PPM, spend money that you know will stay in AZ, and enjoy!
4	Love that we now have a "downtown" grocery spot!  I usually hit up the public market on my walk home from the YMCA.  Its nice to run in and grab a few things for dinner or lunch, but don't think you can do all your shopping there... Love the vibe with the small cafe as well. Last week I was in there I picked up some cheese curds that were an amazing price and so tasty.  In Conclusion, great place for special items for a few meals, but won't take the place of Trader Joes or Fresh and Easy quite yet
5	Saturday mornings are now my favorite. I've given up the hangover mornings to come to the open air market and shop the locals. Everything you need is right here.There are sweet potatoes the size of your head. Tomatoes the size of a small baby. Brussels Sprouts that look like tennis balls. Goat Cheese that melts in your mouth  Jams that will have your guests wondering where you found such a unique blend and plenty of local art.So, get up, get going and get out to the open air market! You won't regret it.
4	I love what this place does for the downtown community, including hosting Food Truck events (Wednesday nights and Friday afternoons).   But I also love the vibe of this little grocery store.  My husband loves their BLT sandwich (which is made with Canadian bacon).   Definitely not for the price conscious, but worth the stop for out of the ordinary.
5	So, I have mostly been to the little grocery store and not the actual farmers market (as I usually am at work when the peeps are peddling their wares.)  I was fortunate enough to hit it on Saturday, however, and man oh man, wow!!  There were so many people and dogs and everything!  There was much to take in: multiple small farms with their veggies and fruits (and most of them were selling their seedlings, too!), pickled things, salsa and hummus and other dips, breads, sweets, hand-made soaps and lotions, house plants, tamales, live music, food trucks galore, voter registration (which I totally did and you should, too!), grass-fed beef, eggs, crafts, house items, and more!  I loved walking around and seeing what everyone had to offer.  People seemed in such good spirits there and I had a blast.Can't wait to go back and actually buy some stuff ( I was too awestruck to know what I wanted).
5	Came here for Food Truck Mania and the location was spacious and was a great venue for fresh food, veggies and organic items.The food trucks were diverse and prices averaged between $7-$10 for an ''entree''. The vendors ranged from produce, fruit, baked goods, honey and jewelry. Parking was a bit tough, but there are meters set up. I believe a lot is right next to the public market but it's $5. There were tables and chair set up for you to sit down and enjoy the evening.
5	Four years ago, this review probably would have reiceved 4 fewer stars. To be fair, the actual indoor market didn't exist back then, but the "farmers market" was slim pickin's. My oh my how this gem has grown and matured into a downtown, local hotspot that I am happy to frequent twice a week!The outdoor market on Wednesdays is small, although Food Truck Mania is pretty stellar with TONS of inexpensive meatless options. It's actually kind of nice when it's less crowded, but the produce choices are limited. On Saturdays, the produce is piled high for the most part (summer is ... well... summer) and the vendors are friendly and chatty. The number and variety of small businesses that have started to set up stands here are wonderful. Chocolate? Soap? Veggies? Check. Check. Check.The indoor market is super cute and hip. Grocery options are limited and expensive, but they carry many of the products or food items you see at the outdoor market. The prepared food as far as breakfast/lunch/dinner goes is ok. I haven't been wowed by any sandwich or salad there yet, but I love the selection of local beer and wine. Hooray for such a hit downtown!
4	The Phoenix Public Market has come a long way since my first visit about four years ago... At the time, it was just a small handful of vendors in a parking lot.  Now, it's a large handful of vendors in that same parking lot, but it's covered with tarps for shade, and they now also have a large indoor area with a coffee shop, grocer, produce, sandwiches, etc.While I admit, we typically frequent the Old Town Farmers Market since we live super close, we like to mix it up every now and again and head downtown.  We've purchased eggs, produce, popcorn balls, gluten free treats, fresh bread, and more, and I'm sure we'll continue to visit every now and again.I'm proud to see how far this market has come over the years and hope they'll continue to thrive with all of the growth downtown.  Hooray for shopping local!
5	Love this place and the culture and attention it brings to downtown phoenix.
4	The Phoenix Public Market has become one of my favorite Saturday morning traditions.  Wake up when its still cool out, walk the dog down to the market, and pick up some fresh eggs and veggies in my canvas bag.  And maybe stop at Royal too :)To be honest, I have not visited the market on Wednesday evenings since my last review 18 months ago, so I can't comment on Wednesdays - but I know that Saturdays are always hoppin!! There are probably 40 vendors and 10 food trucks to wander about, sample, and throw your money at. There are several large farms that attend where you can find just about any (in season) produce that normal grocery stores carry.  The egg vendors usually sell out quickly - so stop there first! More and more vendors seem to be getting that iPhone/Pad credit card app, which makes forgetting to bring cash much more convenient.
5	I love this market. The vendors have amazing products and are so fun and knowledgable. It's clear they are very passionate about their products!
4	Love having a farmer's market close-by.My husband and I are big fans of One Windmill Farms and their selection of fresh produce. It is quite busy on Saturday mornings and the hustle and bustle creates a wonderful community feel.I am taking off one star because, sadly, the owners suddenly decided to close both the adjacent Phoenix Public Market store, which used to be open 6 days a week, and the Royal Coffee Bar. This is truly a travesty, and I will sorely miss the presence of both places in downtown Phoenix.
5	The whole market is awesome.I like that if you did not bring enough cash with you that you can pick up a blue ticket at the information booth that the vender will stamp then hold your items for you then you may pay by credit card at the information table where you picked up your ticket.The veg are great.the free range eggs are the best.the french baker from Tucson is pretty darn good.this market is for sure one of the better ones I have seen.worth any one checking out.Note support your local produce and growers/farmers.Support Organic!! One more note this information and option has to do with the farmers market out side open on the weekend from 7am to 11am
4	You get to buy local, there are always fun event specials every year like Phoesitivus in December and buy organic greens, order grass fed meat if you want to and get all manner of candles and soaps and lotions.  Tamales, check.  Jams and Jellies, check.  Coffee?  Check.  Friday lunch?  Food trucks converge here for a food frenzy unseen anywhere in the metro area!  Go ahead!  Try to find a seat or a truck without a line!  I dare you.
5	Being able to get fresh, seasonal and locally grown products is a big deal.  This market has grown but it has not changed the quality and neighborhood feel it has.Artists, musicians and other locals make this a fun stop on Saturday mornings and Wednesday evenings.
3	Went here last Saturday. Had a great selection of vendors however I prefer the vibe better at the Scottsdale Old Town Farmers Market. I felt like I got ripped off from the veggie vendors. $5 for spinach? Or was it $4? I'm not sure because the same vendor was quoting different prices. The next vendor was selling it for $4, I am used to paying $2.50-3/bunch. It felt like I was being talked into buying many of these products whereas I enjoy when vendors simply are so enthusiastic about their products it makes you want to buy them. I will not be going back unless I'm in the area.
4	Good variety of fresh veggies, cheese, and other goodies. All local and the breakfast burrito plus Chai latte was a nice treat. Wish I lived closer I would be back more often. They do need more shade for people to sit and eat under no shade at all for the tables when you order from the food trucks.
1	This store location is CLOSED.
5	Find me here every Saturday stocking up on fresh, local produce and enjoying a hot dog for breakfast from Short Leash. Although I have been to larger farmers markets, this one manages to pack a great variety of produce, cheese, bread and food vendors in a small space with local crafters selling unique goods. The convergence of many great local and tasty food trucks adds to the atmosphere. All of the vendors love to talk about their products, how they came to be and offer you samples when possible. If you like pickles, you must stop and try the samples from the vendor selling bread and butter pickles. They are phenomenal!!
2	Came up for the weekly Wednesday evening event to see how it is.  There were several food trucks and a few stall vendors, & although I did enjoy a big Cajun burrito from the "Jamburrito" truck I found the event overall to be kind of a disappointment.  There was a guy playing guitar along with a soundtrack & a fair number of people out for the event, but I thought it was weak overall.     :-|
2	Oh boy. I really want to give this place more stars. I really do. I love the idea of Phoenix Public Market. Our city NEEDS hangouts like this. Ten years ago this would have been unthinkable...but I digress.The awesome point about PPM are the employees. They are thoughtful, cheerful, caring and knowledgeable. Very impressed with the level of service from just a dessert and coffee bar. Another good point goes to cleanliness. Very clean indeed. Unfortunately...When you top a cupcake with a large dollop of butter frosting, you do NOT refrigerate it. The cake itself goes dry, and the frosting ends up tasting like and feeling like...you guessed it...eating a solid stick of butter. Very unpleasant. I tried the espresso and found myself dismayed by it. My espresso tasted as if the water was pushed through an orange rind. The heavy citrus suckerpunch was unexpected and unpleasant. The cookies were fine, as were the candy bars for sale on the counter.This is an AWESOME place to meet for a first date, etc. They just need to work out some kinks and they will have a goldmine. I will come back in a couple months. I have high hopes.
4	Been here about half a dozen times. The booth selling Burritos up front is very good. I had the veggie burro with beans, rice, cheese, poblanos and corn. Decent bargain for 5 bucks with free salsa included. Other booths that are good are the Italian Food guy who sells pasta sauces and sometimes lasagna, although he isn't too friendly. Another guy with a ponytail sells great scones, but cinnamon bread wasn't great. Some things are overpriced, but the handmade bagel with CC is good for 2 bucks. Lots of misters today and decent crowds. Big market, but could use wider aisles. Baked Falafel is not good and is very spicy. Mojo food truck smoothies are good too, but always a line. Good place to kill an hour or so.
5	They may have the best pulled pork sandwich topped with delicious slaw, in town!Everything about this sandwich said finish me all and you'll be stuffed miserable......but you can give it a try!I might suggest they throw a little more fruit on the plate just to make it look like a decent attempt. Otherwise, I love this newly decorated spot and will definitely be back!
4	Great place to grab organic food in Phoenix.  I loved the salads, and people behind the counter were friendly.  It would have been a 5 star if food came out a bit quicker.
4	I know many people feel that there is not a lot to do in downtown Phoenix......and for the most part that is true. However upon visiting this cafe I found a glimmer of hope for those who want a nice.....quaint.....relaxing.....and semi-romantic location to hang out. I hear on the weekends this place turns into an open outdoor market.....but I think I would prefer the nightlife when it transforms back into a cafe. There is nice mood lighting.....a stand up and sit down bar......huge wooden tables for groups of 4 or more......huge patio like tables for 6 or more......and of course your standard 2 and 4 person tables. The Patio is HUGE.....and I do mean HUGE......the cool zones are awesome blowing at full blast. This cafe is in a perfect location as well because there is tons of foot traffic and this place will definitely draw you in.So why not 5 stars you ask? Well I ordered the rotisserie chicken (half portion) and the garlic mashed potatoes. Now for 12 bucks I really expected more.....also the chicken didn't have a strong rotisserie flavor like I thought it should have. The garlic mashed potatoes lacked the garlic portion.....but they were creamy and buttery. Don't get me wrong the food was very good just need bigger portions and a little more flavor. The service was outstanding and because we checked in through YELP.....we received a free cookie and even though they are gluten free......they are AWESOME. I had a banana oatmeal raisin which I didn't think I would like....but it was simply delicious. So if your ever hanging out in downtown Phoenix and looking for a good healthy bite to eat.....and perhaps some peace and quiet.....try the Phoenix Public Cafe. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends!!!!!
5	Wanted to check out a different farmer's market so we came here over the weekend. It was a quick walk from the Roosevelt Light Rail station. A lot of vendors selling a variety of different items. I didn't come prepared to do a ton of shopping, but next time I will be. The website is updated every week to let you know which vendors will be at the market in case you are making a special trip or trying to track someone down.Ooh..and I loved that there were misters. Thank you!
4	That was fun!  This morning was the first morning I have been.  I sampled a couple things and bought lots more.  The chicken burrito was so so-kind've dry.  The different popcorns were ok-kettle corn is always good.  There were olive oils, honeys, gluten free desserts, veggies/fruits, Syrian bread-yum, and some craft booths as well.  It didn't take too long to walk it all.  I was there for about 30-45 minutes.  Nice little breakfast cages within walking distance.  I will be back.
4	Good breakfast, good looking and comfortable place. Could be cheaper.  Service is prompt and usually food is pretty fast to come out. I would suggest it to my friends.
5	This was awesome. We stopped in for a mimosa after going through the farmers market. Its a great set up in side and is super busy. I want to go for the food because that looked awesome. We sat and chatted for a bit and weren't rushed out despite the busy lines and people. We sat with another couple who were content with us hanging around for a bit.I love how they have herbs growing in the front as well as eggplant, I just thought that was so cool.Can't wait to go back.
4	I think this place could do a lot better considering it is one of THE premiere farmers markets in the city. Have only been here once so will update as we go more often.I did buy some handmade soap. It turned out to be wonderful. It smells divine and is all natural. I prefer it over Lush soaps.The food trucks were nothing what I had read about in the online reviews. We only saw like three or four and the one we wanted to eat at, her catfish ran out just as we approached the window.
3	Spent 30 min browsing the various vendors on a cool Saturday morning.  Variety of produce is not that great and the quality of greens did not match the price in my opinion. Plenty of people were shelling out for produce though, so to each his own. I was more interested to see what local vendors are around. There are a couple of food trucks that I might stick around for next time. Free parking is a plus.  They should try to grow the market out some more to make it more fun and time-worthy.
4	I love the Phoenix Public Market Cafe. I come to this place three to four times a week during my lunch break from work, and always feel refreshed after a visit. My favorite menu items, being a vegetarian, are The Devil's Mess, which I sub chunky avocado for the chorizo, the lentil soup, and grilled cheese. The service staff at the bar (where I normally dine) are always super friendly and let me chat them up when I'm visiting solo. Michael, Jax, and Marcos are my personal faves. If you go, also be sure to grab one of the pomegranate bottled sodas...it's awesome.
3	I have stopped in several time's.  In the early evenings.  The food and drinks are great The only problem i have encountered is on Wednesday evenings .The bar service is horrible. Super slow. Other than that I will skip  Wednesdays  it's because that's the day all the food trucks are outside and i just think they need to employ at least 1 more full  time , bartender server.
5	I love this place. The ambience is lovely, with both indoor and outdoor seating. There are many vegetarian and vegan options (though I don't recommend the brown rice and beans -- flavorless). Nice local items on sale. Nice coffee & bar. Nice baked goods. Great place!
5	Fabulous find in Phoenix, AZ. Delicious home grown organic food. Just had a cup of  their lentil curry coconut soup. OMG! Feel so lucky that I found this place--highly reconne it!
4	I head to the public market every Saturday to get my veggies and sometimes on other days to eat at the food trucks. The market on Saturday is impressive. You can get delicious bread, locally grown veggies, fruit, plants, and many other locally made wares. Most stalls take credit card and if they don't, you can buy with a card at customer service. The Wed market is less impressive... not much there, but definitely good if you forgot something or need a couple items mid week. This isn't the most amazing farmer's market in the world, but it is my favorite in Phoenix.
4	This place rocks for breakfast!  The atmosphere is second to none for the big-city hipster feel.  I withheld one star simply because the order was screwed up on multiple plates in my party, but I have been back multiple times since.
4	My first meal at @PHXPublicMarket.The evening air was beautiful, so I opted for a patio spot. A bit on the loud side for phone conversations, but not excessive for socializing.Ordered the Pork Chile Verde Pot Pie, did not regret it one bit.PERFECT crust! Thick top layer, thin sides, great color, nice, crisp edges.The Chile was amazing! Good colors, great flavor profile, excellent heat, big chunks of pork.The portion size was just about perfect, though I could have easily consumed another.I waited far too long to dine at the market. My experience was fantastic!
4	Places like this are why I love living downtown.  The food is great and the staff friendly.  I really like the seating and how it can help bring people together that may not otherwise meet.  If the food and atmosphere aren't enough you can also come back on Friday for the food trucks or saturday morning for the market.
5	Enjoy having this farmers market close to home!  Bring your cash as you'll surely find something you can't live without.  Great selection of goods at the market!  Today's choices were bratwurst, sweet relish, OKB BBQ sauce, goat cheese dip, and flavored pasta!  We'll definitely be back!  Appreciate all the vendors making this happen!  Go check it out!
4	This is one of the better Farmer's Markets I've experienced in PHX... or anywhere actually. There are obviously a bunch of local products, as I'm sure has been discussed in other reviews. I don't know if anyone has mentioned it, but they have quail eggs. I think that's pretty cool. They're little. And speckled. They catch my eye Every Time. Fun to look at, but expensive. I haven't made the purchase splurge yet, but I will. Some day.We come to the Saturday Market pretty regularly in the cooler months. Now that we've moved even closer, this will more than likely be an every weekend occurrence.  My only issue with PPM is that it can get crowded which is frustrating for me because I generally don't like people near me or touching me. Not that there's too much touching going on, but people do get near me... like way too close near me. I need my bubble of personal space. Just a 3 feet radius. Arms length. That's all I'm asking for. The parking can also be a pain, but that's typical for downtown.Overall, it's great! You can support local farmers, artisans... and you can look at quail eggs... or buy them if you're a baller like that.
4	Cute little farmer's market with some food trucks! There were some really neat items sold here, I couldn't get anything because I was just here for a short time on vacation, but there were some really good, fresh looking produce, breads and foods! If I were staying longer or perhaps lived here, I would have really stocked up on some of those fresh produce and foods! Really neat place to walk around and check out the locally produced products!
5	The phoenix public market is ranked as one of the top ten farmers markets in the country, and with good reason. You can literally get anything here. Amazing locally grown vegetables? Check. Grass-fed meats from local farmers? Check. Cactus? Check. Artisanal bread? Check. Oils, soaps, spreads, cheese, jewelry, gelato, food trucks and more? Check. The heart of downtown phoenix is pumping when the farmers market is in town.
5	Fun  vibe with kids, dogs, and vendors. No one seemed to mind my chihuahua. Some people do let their kids run wild so be forewarned of some bad parenting. Plenty of parking, but walkable for me. Easy to find.Tons of organic produce, meats, and eggs. The sprout guy was reasonable  $10 a bag for mixed spicy sprouts much higher quality than the grocery store. Having said that beware. $4 for a puny bunch of kale is highway robbery and some of the flowers looked half dead at 10am. Bread vendors galore for vegans and gluten free. A few trinkety vendors but for the most part midrange goods. Got some great handmade pot holders for my kitchen  and Kathy Willis was very helpful and no nonsense about washing instructions. I got an adorable apron too for a good price but the transaction was a little strange. MRS pinafore is a "label" apparently. When I went to try it on she acted like it was a #%+^% Vera Wang original or something. The washing instructions card was also very extensive. If you can handle a little ego stroking, you can get a cute cotton apron for less money than anthropology or world market.We will go back.
5	Wonderful variety & selection of things. Everything ftom local grown veggies & fresh baked breads to handcrafted jewelry & handspun yarns. Well worth a visit.
5	Love love LOVE this farmer's market! It's one of my favorite things to do on Saturday mornings. They've got tons of local produce, hand-made crafts, artwork, home goods, and the like. My husband was thrilled to find honeycomb for the first time since his childhood in South America. My favorite stop is the lady who sells homemade goat's milk soap. Last weekend she brought in some baby goats from her farm so that big softies like myself could melt into a puddle of goo. I GOT TO SNUGGLE A BABY GOAT, PEOPLE!! Highlight of my month.Afterward, breakfast is a must at any of the surrounding places. I've been to the Public Market restaurant right there and Matt's Big Breakfast down the street. Both are great finishers after you're done shopping. :-)
5	A weekend isn't the same without a trip to the public market. I pick up a box of veggies from chowshare/chowlocally, and then often browse. There is everything from produce, meats, breads, coffee, breakfast, juice/smoothies, to artwork, jewelry, plants, knitted clothing, raw foods, essential oils, honey... the list even goes on! I love buying gifts for my family here :) Lots of friendly folks who are never pushy about selling their stuff.
4	Great mix of local food and crafts! Lots of baked goods, produce, Mexican food, coffee and more! Fun place to visit if you're getting a taste of phoenix
4	I will preface my review by saying that I've got a thing for real well made bread.  And a good part of the reason I enjoy making the trek to the market on Saturdays is for that very reason.  It's not the only reason, but its good motivation.  The market is open on Wednesday night as well, but I've only been here on Saturday mornings (I've heard the vendor selection is better on Saturdays).The market is setup in the parking lot of (appropriately enough) the Phoenix Public Market Cafe on Central & Pierce.  On any given Saturday there's about 40-50 vendors selling everything from bread to produce, to jewelry, to housewares, to gardening items and other miscellaneous stuff.  In addition there's usually a half dozen or so food trucks parked around the perimeter.  If you're coming down and looking for a parking spot, your best option is down the street as the market lot is usually jammed at opening.  The light rail also runs nearby (I'd use the Central & Roosevelt stop as its just a couple blocks north of the market).The vendors can vary depending on the week, but two that I've seen pretty much every weekend are One Windmill Farm and Arizona Bread Company.  One Windmill brings a ton of fresh produce to the market and you'll often see local chefs buying produce here for serving their restaurants.  Arizona Bread makes no less than a dozen varieties of bread (my favorite is their french sourdough) and allows you to sample whatever bread you want.  I frequently grab food from both of these vendors as the quality is excellent.  The one big plus about pretty much all the vendors I've been to is they take credit cards via Square, so no big deal if you don't have cash on you at the time.As farmers markets go in Arizona, this is certainly among the best you'll find.  The variety of choices is not nearly as expansive as what you'd find at markets like Seattle's Pike Place or Philly's Reading Terminal, but nevertheless offers a good selection of items from a variety of local Arizona farmers and small businesses.  And having the Cafe right next door means you can make a whole morning of grabbing a good breakfast and shopping for whatever grabs your attention.  Not a bad way to spend a Saturday morning if you ask me.
5	Been hanging out here more and more. They sell some cool stuff now. I saw Canoli's from Jerusalem Bakery, hydroponic tomatoes which were actually black and they are delicious! I found a strange looking broccoli from Maya's farm who sells there and the kids just ate it all up. They loved it. I think the strange but delicious items are the best. I also got the french breakfast radishes. They are delish! The samosas from the chalet were pretty good and also the catfish poboys from one of the trucks are great. A little on the spicy side. Al-Hamka farms sells some very reasonably priced salad greens and they look delicious although I have not tried them yet. I did get some Chinese Radishes from her a few weeks ago and they were crunchy and gorgeous.
5	I was visiting from Portland and went here to get drinks on a Saturday afternoon. Atmosphere reminded me of portland with the outside bar, chalkboard writings, etc. Weekend drink specials were great! $5 sangrias and mimosas!
4	It's a nice open market where local products are sold. You'll see interesting finds, fresh produce, flavored salt, truffles, artisan breads and chocolates.There were a few food trucks. It's not crowded. I picked up some truffle salt, pink Himalayan salt and bars of chocolates. Bring cash.
