4	I was also a little disappointed that they didn't come near us as much as I would have liked.  We had front row seats and nothing.  I was pretty sad, but they do pull up random girls to go on stage.  Really hot guys, but the picture at the end was ridiculous expensive.  Per person.  Crazy.
4	I can't believe I'm writing this.I can't believe I'm giving it 4 stars.My friend's husband got her tickets for this for her birthday mainly as a lark.  She asked me to go and I gigglingly obliged.  I've never had any interest to see muscly men with accents snap off their rip-away pants.  Never.  I went to this show with my tongue planted quite squarely in my cheek and, having done so, I enjoyed every ridiculous moment.  Brooke and I laughed and laughed and laughed.The guys are terrible dancers, first of all, but dang it they are giving it all they got.  They smell of cocoa butter - pervasively so.  They throw out their sweat soaked towels which I thought was disgusting but women went CRAZY over them.  Brooke got pulled up on stage and got a towel.  We threw it on our significant others when they came to pick us up.You can't go see this show without a sense of humor.  It's beefcakes dancing in thongs and there's something inherently funny about that.  Also, if you think about it, it's nice to turn the 'dance naked for me, monkey!' tables around for once.
5	Fine ass guys who can dance...and I mean really dance. Not just stripper dance with thunder thrusts, although they did do some of that, but real like hip-hop looking like JT and Tatum Channing. Ok, I'm not saying they should go and try out for "So you think you can dance" but whooowheee they are fine so I forgive the ones that kept forgetting the routines. Never seen Chippendales so I have nothing to compare them to, but I did go to OG's after because I was seriously ready for some raunch after this teaser of a show.I say this show is a tease because once during each routine they pick a lucky girl to go on stage with them and dance for her. Oh how I wished I got pulled on stage with Craig. Maybe next time...My new motto "Save a horse, ride a cowboy, YEEHAW!"
5	The men sing a song and the lyric went like this..."Save a horse, ride a cowboy...Save a horse, ride a cowboy."  WAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAA. Its not an erotic show but a highly entertaining show with men dancing to cheesy choreographed dance routine and fun music.  In one skit, one guy dressed as a wizard jerked off underneath the wizard hat while his buddy next to him dressed up as a tranny.  My sister then exclaimed, I can't get into this one!  I'm not sure we were supposed to?  All the while, the Le sisters were waving bills in the air all night with hopes one of the dancers will molest the half asleep bachelorette girl.And gosh, I just love saying Thunder from Down Under.
4	* Giggle *Nick Lachey look-a-like.* Swoon *CPR certified "resuscitation from the mouth to South"* Hot *
3	BEWARE OF BACHELORETTE PACKAGES!!! Big rip off!!!!Show was fun, not as much crowd involvement as i expected.The guys were way HOT, but a little cheesy.
5	A few years ago, my friends and I made fun of this show.  When planning this past weekend's Vegas trip, however, someone jokingly suggested we go to see this show.  And somehow the idea stewed in our minds until we realized we really, really wanted to watch guys dance around half-naked to "Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy."  Pretty much more than anything in the world.And Thunder from Down Under did not disappoint.  Granted, we were "ready" for the show (thanks to the cheap bar downstairs), but I think that might have been necessary.  We were screaming along with everyone else, and I caught a towel!  (Which I promptly gave to my friend- she seemed to appreciate it!) The men were beautiful, and some of them could dance really really well (some not so much)... and while I'm pretty sure that in real life very few of them actually like women, that didn't mean we couldn't appreciate what they had to offer.   I'll leave you with a few quotes from my friends and I during the show:"Ooh firemen."  "Do you have a firemen fetish?"  "I do now.""Hm.  They're dancing to YMCA.  Does this mean anything?"  "Ooh cowboy."  "I guess it doesn't matter...""We need to go out and find more cowboys.  Immediately."
4	I was kind of concerned when i found out that this would be a mandatory stop on my friend's whirlwind bachlorette tour of vegas (and when i saw the poster in the airport, somehow i just knew i wouldn't be able to escape it).  i didn't really know how a male strip revue would work, since all the women i know have probably seen more women strip than men.  i was prepared to be scared and thoroughly grossed otu.  However, all my worrying was for nothing.  A bunch of women at a strip club is a much diffferent, rowdier, sillier and drunker beast than a bunch of men at a strip club.  it was a riot seeing my friends get all worked up over the over-muscled dancers, and now i can scandalize my grandchildren (years from now), but showing them pictures of their nanna clutching a plastic penis-straw as she enjoys the gyrations of a weird greased up aussie.  okay, maybe that won't so much scandalize them as it will force them to poke their eyes out and run screaming from my presence.  but isn't that what a grandma is for?
5	Ladies! This is a must see show when you are with your girls in Vegas!!! HOT! HOT! HOT! is the three letter word. Order you favorite drink and sit back, relax and enjoy the show! It's Vegas baby!
5	I give Thunder from Down Under 5 stars because of the dudes are Australian and because they actually are a lot hotter than the guys at Chippendales. I got to shake one of the guys hands and as my friend put it, "He's going around shaking people's hands like he thinks he's Jesus." He wasn't Jesus, but he was pretty much shaped like a god. You like that one? I want to say that they really are all Australian, but now that I think about it, I was too distracted by all of the skin and muscles to notice if they all had accents. I know that some of them did...There is a self serve bar in the back, lots of seating (try and book a table towards the front, we were on the second level and we didn't get as much lovin' from the Aussies), and it costs $20 per person to get your picture taken with them after the show. They're pretty cute up close and totally yoked, so like I said, 5 stars.
5	Fun fun fun!!!!!!!Ok, I admit...I'm a sucker for a hot dude with a ripping body dancing really badly to cheesy music.  And if you are too (and I know that you are) you will find this show quite entertaining.
5	according to the mc (mark?  max?  i can't remember his name, but i certainly do remember his body), australian kiss is different from french kiss, and that's why aussies are called "down under"...whatever that means, it got "OMGGGGGG...HAHAHA" from estrogen high women.forget disneyland.  this is THE happiest place on earth!!!
4	Teeheehee...This is probably the beginning of Caroline Y. going to many of these types shows...ya know why?? Cuz slowly and surely...all my gal pals will be getting married in the next few years. I went to LV this past weekend for one of good friend, Pary B's (yes, she's a yelper), bachelorette party. I must say that I was pretty impressed with the TFDU show. The guys were in shape and was very entertaining. You see...I've never been to a male strip club nor have I been to these types of shows. Okay, okay...I've been to a female strip club but fell asleep after about 10 minutes. I fell asleep cuz I realized that I can see this in the mirror. Boring~!! Next~!! Anywho, the MC was ridiculously funny. The guys were great dancers and put on quite a show. The only thing that stopped me from giving this show five stars was the ghetto stage. Really small. And the rednecky, 200 pound women in the audience. Eck~! $50 will show you a lot of men...if you're into that kinda stuff. I'm too shy for this kinda stuff...kekekeke...
5	Oh my gosh! I thought Chippendale's was good when I saw it last year but I knew I should have trusted my gut on Aussies!!!! This show was awesome for a bachelorette party. The venue was smaller and more intimate than Chip. You were seated in long tables together unlike Chip where it was just row after row of same level chairs. The stage was smaller here vs. the large, full size stage for Chip. The Thunder men seemed hotter cause they were foreign perhaps (they said they were all genuine Aussies) but they also didn't wear stage make-up like the Chip guys did which I felt odd and a bit creepy. These guys seemed to love their jobs with all these crazed women in the audience screaming for them whereas the Chips guys seemed bored, like they were just doing it to get paid and would have rather been brushing their teeth or something. The Aussies also seemed more like they could have been more straight than some of the Chip men.There is more audience participation with this show vs. Chip, too. These guys might not be the best lip sync singers or group dancers, but they can jump from the stage onto a table and to another table, onto the floor, then back onto the stage with a backflip like no one's business! Wow! They also showed some full butt shots which Chips didn't. Each of the 6 or so dancers had their own talents and part of the show which ended with them running around the audience slapping hands, giving hugs, etc. which just riled up the audience more. If you had to pick a male review, you should go to this one, for sure!!! And take me!
4	Admittedly, I was slightly embarrassed when watching this -- at first.  Then I just got amused by it.  Out of the 7 guys doing the show, there were 4 that were smirking the entire time.  And that was the funniest part about them.  Don't get me wrong, the men were hot and I was entertained.  Plus, them dancing to cheesy music and stripping down to their skivvies?  Priceless!
4	Super fun male revue show. Lots of screaming drunk women in the audience! Lots of sweaty, men shaking their groove thangs to some cheesy ass music.Of the 8 or so dancers one seemed to be "my type" so I kept my eye on him the whole time.Yum. :)Went there as part of a bachelorette party - we all had a great time! Wish they picked people out of the audience farther back in the seating (where we were) - and why were all the people they picked cute, white and blonde?Give the Asian girls some love too, dammit! *lol*
5	I can't believe that some people have hated on the show so much. The dancing is not terrible, and the music is, perhaps cheesy, but it's all fun music that everyone knows. And did you go to see a perfectly choreographed dance or to see hot aussies? exactly.I've been to the show a few times, and you have to get into the spirit of the event! I could see anyone not having a good time at anything if you're just going to sit there bored. The men are the sweetest guys and give the audience a lot of attention (I'll agree the back doesnt get as much attention) but if you buy in advance you can usually get good seats. I had the very front seat and within 2 minutes had one of the guys dancing on me. It's all in good fun, and I doubt that they take themselves 100% seriously during the show anyway. I had a great time every time and got plenty of attention from the guys, who are all quite charming. They'll totally come out and talk to you after the show. They have hot bodies, amazing accents, and are sooo good looking. And when you meet them they make you feel so good. In my opinion, the whole show is just really casual and friendly since there's always either someone on the stage or they are in the audience. Go with your girlfriends to drool over the guys! It's a great time. Scream. Get into it. Or, if the hot australian men don't turn you on, buy yourself a drink and let your girlfriends have a good time! Tips on getting attention: well be a bachelorette....last time i went they were all that got on stage, since there were like thirty of them in the audience...when they come by, stand up, theyre not gonna ignore you. I hope people get a chance to see it because my mom, my girlfriend, and i fully enjoyed it.
5	come on ladies- do we really go for the choreography? It does look like "okay 5,6, 7, 8 and 1 and 2..." but who the hell cares! Nice tanned ripped bodies. I do admit some you don't want to come to you and you do the turn away- look down and drink you drink, but it's fun. This is coming from someone that is afraid of strippers...and clowns... and stripping clowns are my worst nightmare ever.I got good seats and went for one of my last nights as a bachelorette. There was a dozen of us and we loved it. I especially loved the hip hop-py one that looked like a thinner (but ripped) version of the Rock.  It's so cheesy but so fun and a bachelorette right of passage.
2	Lame... Had I reviewed this show when I first saw it, I might have given it four stars.  It was back in 2003 and my group of girlfriends was deciding between this and Chippendales, but this won over for being cheaper.  I had a great time then.  One of the guys ran on our table and I slapped his butt.  I even splurge for the overpriced Polaroid of me lying across the men's laps.  Fast-forward to this year, and a bigger group of us went for a bachelorette activity.  There were so many screaming women.  It's like this was the best experience they ever had.  I really hated the long video that was played before the show of all their guest spots on tv shows.  Really bad lip-synching.  An experience best had only once.
4	Preface: If you are a regular to my reviews, you know that I have written about this type of establishment before, but know that while I am writing this, my estrogen levels are at 1000%.Review:When the rule to a show is "If it's in front of your face, you can do whatever you want to it", expect me to buy a ticket to the front row.When I went I was a "virgin" to THUUUNNNNDDEEERRRR. I got a last minute invite to join a bachelorette party my friend was attending because I got to Vegas a day before the group I was there to hang out with. They called me up, said there were no if's and's or BUTT'S about it.. I had to go! Here are my rules to going based off of my experience:1. SHOWER- they get very up close and personal.. and if for any reason you are feeling less than fresh, you better pray to GOD you don't get pulled on stage.2. DRINK before- Drink plenty, but they don't have cocktail servers and you don't want to leave your table throughout the show and miss a second of the HOTNESS.3. SIT IN THE FRONT- Grab, bite, spank, and if you're lucky like I was.. you will have the hottest aussie POUR WATER ALL OVER HIMSELF RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOU.4. PREPARE A WITTY COMEBACK- When you spend $20 to get your poloroid, make sure you have something amazing to say when your hotttttt aussie talks to you. For example, if he apologizes for getting you all wet during his performance, you can say: "That's ok, I'm still wet." in a sultry voice. LIKE I DID!5. IMAGINE THEY ARE GAY- they aren't. We met a few of them after the show at a club. But for your own sake, and the sake of everyone you talk to for the next few months, pretend they are. Your friends will get tired of you bringing up the THUNDER on a regular basis.GO. And prepare to fall in LOVE!
5	I've been to the show 3 times! No I am not a stalker!Hi Marty! =)
3	Completely and utterly RIDICULOUS.We came here for - surprise, surprise - a bachelorette party, but in stark contrast to the other partygoers, we were completely sober.  Which ensured that I can reiterate with absolute confidence: completely and utterly RIDICULOUS.The show started with a very loud montage of shows that these guys have been on - the View, Oprah, Jennifer Love Hewitt talking *about* them on Jay Leno.  It was essentially an extended commercial for something that we were already there for.  Then the guys came out and did a group dance that looked more like an aerobics routine than the HAWTEST ALL-MALE REVUE IN THE WORLD.  This is how it went:1.  Group dance: aerobics, aerobics, aerobics...FLASH CHEST! (crowd screams)...aerobics, aerobics, aerobics...FLASH ABS! (crowd screams)...aerobics, aerobics, aerobics...FLASH CHEST AGAIN! (crowd screams).  Guys go amongst the crowd (crowd screams).2.  Individual dance: guy comes out, does aerobics, comes out into the crowd to find a cute veiled bachelorette to join him onstage.  Said bachelorette accepts lapdance, fondles chest and ass, gets a hug, and goes back to her seat.  Dancer does more aerobics then returns backstage.Repeat steps 1 and 2 ad nauseum, then end show with step 1 again.We were hoping for a lot of ass, maybe a glimpse of the package, but all we got was a lot of aerobics performed by men with too many clothes on.  Seriously, when they took off a pair of pants, (SURPRISE!) there was ANOTHER pair of pants on underneath.  When they took off the boxer briefs, (SURPRISE!) there was a g string on underneath.  They would have lasted freaking forever in a game of strip poker.  I'm giving them an extra star for the sheer amusement they gave me (I laughed A LOT during this show), and because one of the guys shook my hand at the end.  Oh, and for all the Guns 'N Roses and Bon Jovi.  But really, why do women have to sit through all this crap when female strippers get right to the point and go straight for the pole?  Hey Mick Dundee, dispose of the cheese and just show me your damn goods.
3	Top 5 things that kept running in my mind while watching the so-called #1 male revue on the strip:5. That's so gay. Just get on top of each other already!4. That's so gross!3. Please don't come here... please don't come here...2. I'm so cold.1. I gotta go peeeeee!I guess I would need to provide some explanation for the list, huh? Well, here goes.The guys were indeed good looking, but I can't help thinking that they'd get all over each other behind the stage. Maybe they're straight and love pussy, but I like my fantasy version better. Gay porn is hot.Some dudes would occasionally pull some chicks from the audience, make them touch and/or rub the dude's chest, abs, and even crotch, and I just thought that was the grossest thing ever. I mean, they've been dancing their cheesy, ridiculous, not-even-synchronized dance routine, so they must sweat a lot. Nasty. One of them actually came over to one of the VIP table, poured beer on himself, and shook his head to splash the audience. I was so glad he was too far away from our table to splash us with anything.The showroom was small, the sound system wasn't good, the stage seemed too small for the performance, and the AC was on full blast. I was shivering during the last half of the show. So I guess the show wasn't as "hot" as it claimed to be. Seriously, they kept flashing their upper body, and then put the shirt back. Flash again, put it back again. Just fucking take it off, goddammit! I was amused and entertained (the butt cheek flex was funny), but this show's not for me. I went for a bachelorette party, and just like you should get married only once, you should see this show only once in your life, no more.Note: The last item on the list has nothing to do with the show.
1	Can you call a man a dumb bimbo or is there a different word for it?These guys should be called Blunder from Down Under.  The show was so completely disappointing.  The guys were terrible performers, the sound system was too loud and distorted, the room wreaked of cigarette smoke even though smoking was not allowed, and the tables were sticky.And I mean... what is the freaking point of paying to see fully clothed men?  They kept flashing us their chests and putting their shirts back on.  We saw shirtless men walking down the strip and that didn't cost us nothing.  WTF?  Seriously... WTF!Save your money girls.  There has to be better places to bring your bachlorette for one last night of debauchery.
3	Only impressive thing in the show was Matt, he stands out as the most gorgeous and the best body.  I was not impressed with the venue, it was very small and it smelled like beer.  I also wasn't sure why grandma and grandpa were sitting next to me, I guess they gotta get their motors running so to speak.  It is fun with a group of girls and my ATL friend got up on stage and got her freak on.  The host guy was totally full of himself and he was short and burnt looking.  This is one of those places to go once and that's enough.  I did like that the dancers exiting stopped for photo ops and what not.
5	Cant complain!! the GUYS ARE FINE!!! awesome performance!! i was already buzz when leigh brought me on stage, so it was me, and these 2 other girls, and we were dancing to the car wash and im not sure which dave but he has a brother who performs with the guys as well, anyways towards the end of the performance i gave clint a kiss on the cheek, amazing night ever!!
3	The show is so cheesy but yet very entertaining!  My girls brought me to this show for my bachy party.  I sat at the non-VIP section because it was a sold-out.  I still maintained to get 2 kisses from the guys running around, so not  bad at all.  I guess my huge bachelorette veil must have help.  Overall I think it's a great place to go for celebrating bachelorette party, but if you are looking for more ass and action, I suggest going to Olympic or other male strip clubs.  Also, $20 per person for taking a picture with them is ridiculous.
5	If I could give these guys six stars, I would!  I had SUCH a fun time at this show.  I went with my mother (which had the potential to be extremely embarrassing, but it was actually a lot of fun), and we both had a blast.We went on a Tuesday night, so it was a little slow.  The room wasn't filled up, but it wasn't completely dead either.  The montage of TV clips at the beginning did drag on a bit too long, but that's as close of a complaint as you're going to get from me ;)  Towards the beginning, the host asked for three adventurous ladies to come up on stage.  I raised my hand, even though I'm hardly the adventurous type.  Thank GOD he didn't choose me, because (SPOILER ALERT) it ended up being a "fake orgasm" contest!  I would've died of embarrassment.  It ended up being rather funny, but only because it wasn't me doing it.As for the show itself - okay, they're not the best of dancers.  Who cares?  I didn't come to see Riverdance, I came to see a bunch of hot guys!  And on that front, they did NOT disappoint.  Whew.  And the host surprised me the most when he stripped - I had NO idea all those muscles were under those clothes!  All of the guys were just drop-dead gorgeous.  My favorites were the Hughes brothers, Adam and Dave (the blonde one).  They look nothing alike, but they're both sexy as hell.  And the youngest one of the group, also named Dave (last name Harris), is quite the dancer.  He's adorable and has a slight resemblance to Justin Timberlake, only with way more muscles.At the end you could go up and pay $20 for a picture with them - and it was by far the best $20 I've ever spent ;)  Seriously, if I'm having a bad day, I can just look at this picture and a goofy grin comes to my face.  When I went up there, Dave (the blonde one) said, "oh, you're really pretty, come sit on MY lap."  I just giggled and said okay... I wasn't about to complain.  He gave me a kiss on the cheek. (I'd like to point out here that I immediately reverted back to being a 13 year old girl.)  After the picture was taken, Adam came around and gave me a big hug, and Dave Harris (the dancer) asked me where I was from.  I told them Florida, and that I had studied abroad in Perth.  They thought that was neat :)  As I collected my picture, Donovan (the "wild child" as they called him) told me I was really pretty and gave me a hug.  I know they're paid to do it, but man, do they ever know how to make a girl feel good about herself! ;)
3	A funny thing happened when I went to go see the traveling Thunder from Down Under show at the Cache Creek Casino in Northern California. The more I drank, the more fun it was. And although I didn't expect to, I had a good time. It played out like this...Scene: Four female, profession coworkers -- a 20-something-faux-married lady, a 20-something-single lady, a 30-something-recently-divorced lady, and a 50-something-in-a-30-year-relationship lady - are at a dark, medium-sized club in a smokey casino on a Friday night after work seated close to the bar.One vodka soda in: This is going to be super cheesy. I hate dudes with better hair than me. And I especially hate dudes that grease up with saffola applied with a paint roller.Two vodka sodas in: They aren't completely out of sync with eachother's lame Jazzercise-like dance moves. And their outfits aren't bad. Wow! Velcroed on pants. That's clever. Three vodka sodas: Woooooohoooooo! Wooooooooooohooooo!!! Shake it!!!!!!!!!!!!Yes, Thunder Down Under is cheesy. Yes, they have sort of silly dance routines done to sort of silly music wearing sort of silly costumes that they rip off to reveal thong underwear. Yes, there is an orgasm contest that unsuspecting women get cajoled into volunteering for. Yes, it is a good time. There is a long montage intro of all the Thunder's TV appearances and although the Thunder dude playing Ryan Seacrest gets annoying with his intros and lame jokes, he does make up for it by getting mostly nekked later in the show.Would I go again? Probably not. Did I get my money's worth? You bet.
2	This show was really really cheesy but entertaining in a cheesy dumb way... It seemed pretty short. Unless you're bold, I would NOT volunteer for any of the stunts up on stage... especially when they have the "competition". I came here with a group for a bachlorette party which I guess is a good show for the occassion. The show room was kinda dirty, it looked like a beer hall or something. You really gotta drink it up before going to this show, it'll help you enjoy it more. I wouldn't go back again.
3	The first time I saw the show, it was on a whim. My friends and I were in Vegas and wanted something to do (we were there for my boyfriend's birthday and wanted to give him and his friends time alone to celebrate). We saw the ads, called the number, and got seats near the stage on that same day. I'm not into dingdongs gyrating in front of my face, and Thunder doesn't offer (too) much of that (unless you're picked to be on stage... then that's a slightly different story). Just a bunch of sexy, shirtless Australian guys ripping off their Velcro pants NOT dripping their sweat on me. That was a good thing. My friends and I paid $5 each (or something like that) to take photos with the guys. The bummer was that my fave (Matthew) was not in the pic. :(Anyway, because I had such a good time the first time, I went again for my birthday (3 months later). I got front and center seats, and none of the guys even got close enough for me on MY special day! Boo. Three stars. I don't plan on going back.
4	Wow, what can I say.  Cheesy? Check.Hot bodies? Check (minus 1, but out of 7?)Loads of screaming women? Holy cow, check.Lip syncing + choreographed dances? Check.Props, like pirate wear + ladders? Check.Man, this could be a fun really long list.  I thought it was seriously entertaining; about 10 of the other 13 girls I was with were falling asleep, but I think we're all old + busted :D  We were one of the front tables -- imagine 8-10 tables, perpendicular to the stage, about 2 feet wide, seating 12 girls.  Kinda stinks cuz our group had 14, and they tried to split us up with 12 at 1 table and 2 at another, but we just ganked those chairs and added them on.  Guys danced on the tables, ran around the aisles to be touched.  I'll admit -- I never thought I was a conservative Texan until I saw how close these men brought their bits to women, for kissing & touching & everything else.   Also, I was a bit sad there were soooo many bachelorettes for my friend to compete with to get on stage -- but some of those stunts, I'm kinda glad she didn't have to suffer through :D  And duh, what was I thinking anyway re: the show not being flooded with bachelorettes :D?This was part of a package deal for my friend's bachelorette party, so I can say I thought it was worth it, but I think 1 time is enough for me :D
2	First of all, it's not on Post Road it's a show in the Excalibur Casino.  They start off by saying it's the best reviewed all male show in Las Vegas according to the Las Vegas Review Journal.  I've seen Chippendales on tour and it was better than this show.  The showroom was drab, dark and had tables set up in a strange way.  My seat actually faced a wall, not the stage.  After the show started I can see why they set them up like this, but it's just cramped and tacky.  There is a warning that they will be using lights and a smog machine however, there is no warning that you might get stripper water poured all over you.  GROSS!!!  Maybe I just had too high of hopes because I remember how great the Chippendale dancers were.  This show can not compare.  The dancers were not in sync, and a lot of the focus in the begining of the show was on some long haired heroine chic looking guy.  They kept ripping their pants off only to find another pair of pants below.  Fool me once okay that's funny, do it over and over again all through the show, it's just dissapointing.  Some of the show was pretty funny, but mostly lame.
5	I'm a sucker for hot-bodied men! This show was highly entertaining! I came here with 2 of my best friends, girlfriends of course! We almost didnt make it on time because the show was at 9 pm and our flight was slighty delayed. We literally left our luggages in the service desk and didn't even bother to powder our noses, we looked like hot messes for these hot-oiled men! It definitely made us blush and right after the show we called our significant others(back then) and told them how much we missed them, LOL! I don't want to ruin the show for you, but it's pretty much self-explanatory...Go with your girlfriends, ladies!
3	Meeeehhh...it was ok.  My friend and I had heard good things, so we decided to buy tickets for our second night in Vegas....it was very cheesy and most of the guys couldn't dance at all!!  Some were very ahead/behind the rest of the group and it just looked like they haphazardly put the routines together...for what it was, it was entertaining, but would I go again?  No thanks....some of the guys were cute, but some were kind of scary looking (the long-haired guy that got wayy too into it, for example)...the best part?  The host/announcer was hilarious and made the show much more tolerable.  If you ladies are out for a bachelorette party, this really is a good place to embarass the bride-to-be...trust me!!
3	A rite of passage for a bachelorette party. Certainly entertaining. Very camp. Nice eye candy although some of the men seemed jaded. I've seen better dance routines and moves.
3	This show was fun, but i was expecting more from all the hype it gets. We picked this over Chippendales cuz the idea of Australian men with their accents is so much hotter than American dancers =P. When I called in to purchase tickets an hour before the show, they said that they didn't have a table to fit 5 girls, and that we would have to separate into two tables, which was fine. But when we got there, there was 2 completely empty tables in the front of the stage! The sales people were really unorganized to not notice that was available! So we ditched our booth and went straight to the front table, which gave a much better view.The show was def entertaining, with finely sculpted men ripping off their shirts and dressing up in firemen/spartan outfits ;) The occasional view of g-strings was not as welcome, something about a man in a g-string is just wrong, you know? but nonetheless, it was very entertaining. The emcee's accent was hot, and so was his bod. i think i found him the most attractive out of all the guys. They pulled a lot of the bachelorettes and birthday girls onstage to participate, and some of the older women too, which i thought was cool. They also ran around through the audience as well, so no matter where your seats were, I think you'd be able to get up close with one of the guys.Downside though, at the end of the show, you are welcome to go to the front of the stage and pay $20 PER PERSON to take a pic with the guys, only to receive one picture. no offense, but that is a total rip off. i've been to Fantasy, which is a female stripshow,  and you can take pics with them for free, and they had much better attitudes and were a lot friendlier to talk to after the show. They were annoyed that we had stood in like and decided against taking the picture after the show, and even more annoyed when a girl behind us asked if they took credit card. wtf? These men seemed way too jaded and full of themselves. They may be good to look at, but off-stage they're total jerks.Was this a good show? It was ok, it was entertaining and interactive, which i thought was nice. would i go again though? probably not. Next time, i'm trying chippendales. maybe their attitudes will be better.
4	Surprisingly this male review entertained me more than I had expected. I was actually dreading this show but was forced to go due to a bachelorette weekend in Vegas.  I was expecting men in thongs and banana hammocks shaking their junk around in circles that had me hesitant in going. Although they were what I was expecting (minus the junk shaking) I actually enjoyed the show. About 8 guys, featuring 3-4 out of the 8 who had solos, each theme was different, from sailors, to firemen to cowboys. It was funny to watch them all line dance, pelvic thrust across the stage, grind the air and have the older women totally groping their packages (they really looked like rectangular packages!). Overall, it was a show that was fun to watch, I loved how my girlfriends totally oogled over the guys with mediokre faces but had really hot bodies (for the most part).Another positive is their tasty jello shots, 3 for $5!I do feel bad for the bachelorettes they pulled onto the stage for the fake orgasm contest. Those poor future husbands of theirs are gonna hear their wives fake orgasms which sound like they are agonizing in pain. Arguhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!
5	Hot guys with buff bods and Australian accents, who do choreographed dance routines with fireman themes? Please, and thank you! Maybe not the most polished dancing from males on the strip, but it was obviously clear from their moves that most of the guys were into chicks. Also, 3 jello shots for $5 was a saweet drink special. I enjoyed watching the show. I was really glad that I wasn't at the table that one dancer climbed and then poured a drink all over himself (ala Flashdance), but it was totally awesome/hilarious to watch.  Also, it was totally worth the $20 to get my picture taken on a couch with 6 of the dancers. (who were all very friendly and chatty & totally dug my hair, bracelet and shoes........ wait a sec... I may have to rethink my previous stance on how straight the majority of them were....) Honestly though: I totally had a real connection with a couple of them...... Call me guys!  :)All in all,  I totally dug the show, and would def go again if I got the chance. So, was the show dank or not? It was definitely Dinki-di dank!
2	My girlfriends took me here for my bachelorette party. I wouldn't recommend it to others. The guys were fairly good looking, but the dancing was comical. The only part of the show I really liked was the MC, he was funny and good looking. The girls and I joked later that the guys at Tournament of Kings were better looking, and the show was better.
4	So hot! There is nothing I love more than to watch a group of guys dance around taking off their clothes, teasing me with the thought that the underwear may come off, and they do, but they hide the goodies. I love the costumes, but they were better when they came off. Unlike female strip shows, these guys know how to tease. You have to wait for them to strip to the undies, the women usually already come out in them. The venue is a little cramped with the way they shove all the tables in, but we had a booth so it was comfortable. You will need a cold shower after this show.
3	It was girls night out in Las Vegas.  We snagged some tickets to the show.  It can't hurt to view a little eye candy before hitting the clubs later on that night.  Some of the dancing was a little half assed (I'm a stickler for that kind of thing).  But you can't go wrong with six pack abs and naughty boy eyes case in point Marty a.k.a. Future Baby Daddy ( I'm a sucker for the eyes).  It's all in good fun, scream your head off then hit the town. Do some damage, watch out guys, the girls are on the prowl!
5	Where can women single and taken alike go to scream like banshees at half clothed Australians? Thunder Down Under of course! This was the only show that my sister in law wanted to attend. Since she was a chill bride and that was her only request for her party of course I happily purchased tickets for the gang of (partially) single ladies! Needless to say we had a blast! I got us tickets close to the stage where we sat with other bachelorettes and newly divorcees. A weird mix if you ask me. but everyone there was loud fun and ready for a great show. The drinks were cheap and easily received even with a packed house. This show was all women which made it a lot more fun! And let me tell you...When the show started it not only was extremely entertaining, but the MC was so funny! It had everything (except nudity which was more then Ok by me). So if you are looking for a great show for you and your girls...come to this one! It is a must see and I can't wait to take a new crop of ladies!
3	Few times I've been to Vegas I would see billboards of the Thunder from down under guys and I thought to myself WOW these guys have really nice bod. Next Vegas trip w/ the girls we decided to go see the show. I am not tooo much into Australian guys and there accent. They have really nice bod and that was pretty much it. The crowd got really crazy everytime the guys would jump off stage. We got VIP soo everytime the guys would get off stage my cousin and I would slap and grab there butt. WOW I must say there booty is nice and firm. OHHH BTW the best thing bout the show is that there is NO RULES sooo u can do whatever you want to the Australian guys!!!!! 2 thumbs up for having no rules. The best moment was when a lady around her late 50 got picked to go up on stage and 1 of the guy took both of her hands and slide it into his pants. The reaction on her face was sooo funny. I cant imagine my mom doing that lol. The funniest part that I laugh my ass off is when 4 girls got choosen to go up on stage and fake an orgasm. 1 lady moan and @ the same time pretend she had a seizure LMAO, its something that you have to be there to know.
5	I don't care what anyone says. This show was rad. The drinks were expensive (but in line with the rest of Vegas drink prices)and sure I could have used a full frontal flash or two, but one of the best things about Thunder from Down Under is the perfect walking the line of taste.The guys were all ripped beyond belief and most actually had rather attractive faces as well. The host was the hottest and pretty funny to boot. The entire show was high energy good fun and at a little over an hour the show wasn't overdrawn or too short. A lot of horny women screaming in delight at the sight of some bare male-flesh really is my kind of Las Vegas.*yeah the 20 dollar fee to take a picture with all the guys was a bit steep but I got away with paying 15 bucks without getting attitude and the picture is worth a thousand words.
4	Best (and for sure, the sexiest) birthday present ever.  A friend and I went to vegas for my birthday, and she bought us tix to this show.Pretty much the rest of the reviews are correct.  In a nutsack...nutshell...nutshell, I mean:*The guys are ridic-u-hot. Hot bodies and not a butterface in sight.  My favorite was the youngin', David ?., because he had a lean, muscled bod, was super sweet, and gave me a hug and kiss for my b-day, and was a great dancer.  Marcus (the MC), was hilarious and the wildest of the bunch--with a killer bod to match.  (Look out for his routine...he almost shows everything...and he totally makes the day of some lucky older woman who gets a big kiss and an up-close view of that amazing body). Donovan and Matt, of course, were amazing.  When Matt poured that beer over himself, I couldn't help but gasp, "Oh my GOD!"  it was so f'in hot.  *It's not sleazy or tawdry.  I could take my mom here, though I would fear for the dancers...she's a pistol and would prob try to rip their clothes off. *Yeah, the dance routines are cheesy and the boys were out of step at times, but who cares...they are hot and shaking their well-chiseled bodies in your face.  *$20 for a pic, but it's fun, and the guys are nice.  Major bonus points--I saw them be nice and attentive to everyone--regardless of that person's looks, age, size, or sexual orientation.  **Tip**Tell them it is your birthday or you are a bride.  My friend told them it was my birthday (which was the truth, but how would they know that) and I got a lot of hugs and kisses (on the cheek--darn!) from the guys.  A fun night out and the guys are perfect eye-candy.
3	I didn't go to this show with that many expectations of incredible choreography and stunts so I wasn't disappointed by my hot Australian male-revenue experience. The choreography wasn't great..it was cheezy as expected, but fun to go with a group of girls......don't bring your husbands and boyfriends (they will NOT enjoy it at all)  The only other negative that I can say is that there truly isn't enough nudity for this male-nude revenue....no frontal and minimal bootay. I guess I would expect more of that....however the men try very hard and are EXTREMELY nice.
3	Who hasn't heard of this group of gyrating dudes? The name evokes overly tanned, greased up, muscular men in spandex with major (stuffed?) bulge staring you in the face. I never considered this to be fine entertainment yet when the opportunity arose to possibly embarrass my mom I took it. My mom got sucked in to one of those timeshare lectures but reaped some surprising benefits: a few free nights at Excalibur, buffet coupons, and tickets to shows. We looked at our choices which didn't strike my fancy until I looked over the words, "Thunder From Down Under". I wanted to see my mom blush so I urged, nay, begged that we get two tickets to see this show. The show takes place in a small dark room with long tables. There is a small stage and a bar towards the back. I expected an auditorium so was very surprised at this compact space. Aside from my mom and myself there was a group of about fifteen drunk chicks doing the bachelorette party thing celebrating their friend's few last nights of freedom. The veil tipped me off. We are seated and then a screen comes down and a video collage of footage of the men from tv shows is shown. Yawn. After the optical assault the men I described in the first paragraph come strutting out doing the most simple dance moves known to man. These are guys with no rhythm whatsoever. Its almost painful to watch but I try to keep the mood light and clap alongside the rowdy drunk girls hooting and hollering. There are a few group dances and each dancer has an individual routine. The formula for all of them is the same: a somewhat serious attempt to dance well and then the clothes start coming off. I assumed this would be full frontal nudity but had to settle for spandex briefs. I fully understood what the long table was for. Many dancers used it as a catwalk and one even did pelvic thrusts in my mom's face as she sat cross armed and very bored looking. I was yelling and clapping at that point. Embarrass my mom! Yeah! At one point one girl is taken up on stage and is given a lap dance. The MC decided to pick the most shitfaced girl out of the bunch and it was hard to watch at some moments. The poor girl could barely talk! I'm surprised her legs continued to support her. After all my less that stellar descriptions of this event, why three stars? Because its a silly yet slightly entertaining totally ridiculous show for calendar men to extend their career before their looks start to fail them. Unfortunately my mom wasn't embarrassed like I'd hope she would be but at least I got to say I experienced the Thunder From Down Under, no matter how unimpressed I was.
4	I have never herd of this show until I attend to it when i was 21. first trip to Vegas, of course you want to do everything that may give you a thrill.I definitely had no idea what to expect at first...my first thoughts? OMG AUSSIE MALE STRIPPERS! hahaha. just a horny girl with a horny mind right?but there wasn't such a thing as full nudity at this joint. but it was extremely entertaining!!!! haha. more so of a HUGE TEASE. uggh... if girls can have blue balls.... then this would be one of the reasons why. yes, it was quite cheesy. but these men definitely can move it and shake it very well.... some are very talented dancers!!! the group dances was the cheesiest part, but the solos were my favorite! and of course they are going to go up to the elderly women and women who are getting married or have a birthday... it's a nice little surprise to be pulled on stage. i was lucky, being young, not married, and not  a blonde and was pulled on stage for the first solo act. it was quite embarrassing but so much fun! so the guys do not discriminate! that's pure bull, they may preferences..don't we all?they all seem friendly, sweet & super charming! 20$ for a pic with the fellas was well worth it. especially when you attract the attention of one. the best part? they do a f_ck off picture for an ex-boyfriends haha.   4 stars because you don't see the real down under part LOLmost were beautiful, others were butthisfaces... but they all get the women wild! it was both entertaining from the men & the crowd. so worth seeing if you looking for smiling dancing, athletic eye candy who likes to shake their treasures for a living
2	I may not have ever been in the presence of male strippers before, but what knowledge I lack of how male strippers should perform, I make up in knowledge of other entertainment forms.PROS:1. Great host. He was hilarious and although much of what he said was clearly scripted and rehearsed, some of what he said obviously wasn't. Very charming, funny, and cute.2. Great solo acts. These guys knew how to work it!3. Great distribution of, um, said male entertainment. They wandered the room so that everyone had good views. Not a bad seat in the house.CONS:1. Group acts sucked. The dancing was waaaay cheesy and dated, and they were terribly out of sync. They need to hire a new choreographer. And the lip syncing? Even worse. Get with the program. 2. Super spendy. $50 a head to get in. Pictures with the crew cost extra. What's lame is that the bride-to-be who was in our party wanted a group shot with everyone. There were ten of us total and she wanted us in her pic. But, they wouldn't let you even BE in the photo unless you paid to buy one. Really, really a ripoff. 3. No cameras or cell phones allowed. Fine. I get it. During the show, it's not allowed. But after the show? Really? We got instantly attacked by one of the staff for supposedly taking a picture when it was really my cell phone turning on.Overall, a fun time, but def expensive. The Aussies need to upgrade their show.
2	The guys have great bodies, and are pretty funny sometimes. Unfortunately, most of them are not very good dancers. Most of them also have a bad habit of lip syncing the words to the song they dance to, which is really tacky. The best part of the show was when they invited women on stage for a fake orgasm contest.There was a definite lack of frontal nudity that left me extremely disappointed... And I'm a guy. At the end of the show they charge $20 per person for a picture. That's the most outrageous part of the show. If you ask for a group picture they might cut you a deal, but they're not very good at haggling, so I only succeeded in pissing the guy I tried to haggle with off.
5	The boys are amazing!!! If you want to get down with these boys then you must attend!!I'm not really sure what type of experience are most women looking for when they go to a male strip club in Vegas, but if you want to get close and personal with these boys. Then you have to watch this show. I prefer this show waayyyy better than the Chippendale.1. The host Marcus Deegan is amazing! He has a great personality and knows how to have fun with the audience. He interacts with the girls and brings them on stage, it doesn't have to be your birthday or your bachelorette party to get on stage! When I attended a show, Marcus grabbed a grandmother onstage and kissed her and allowed her to touch his crotch! That got all the girls excited and it was funny! (Lucky grandma!)2. The boys all have themes, they'll come out in different uniforms and start to dance. They'll run around and jump onto your table! If you get lucky, you can grab their ass by surprise!3. The boys always walk around the audience to find volunteers to get on stage with them! My friend and I got picked and we were soo shy! I went on stage and got T-bagged! =X4. The boys charge a $20 picture fee at the end of the show. Hey. its work it. Any strip club you go, they always have this offer, thats how the boys make their money. When I was getting my picture taken, Of course I sat on Marcus's lap, and I got a kiss from him! That made my whole trip. He's soo freakin hot for his age and body!! OMG I love his accent!!5. At the end of the show, when the boys leave ,they'll come out and take pictures with the ladies and sign autographs! So have a pen and paper ready!!!Ladies, if you want to get up close and personal with these boys and be able to grope them by surprise, this is the place to be!! Best show with audience interaction!
1	Ah don't waste your time or $$$$!!!Here is what I expect from a strip show:Hot bodiesLots of SkinSexy DancingHere is what I got a Thunder:CostumesHardly any skinCorny dance routines from what looked like a very sad boy bandLip syncing to the music (why is that sexy?!)It seemed to us that it was more of a musical then a strip show. The show was super short and all they did was dance like boys bands in costumes. I didn't pay to see you in a pirate costume I paid to see your body. If I wanted to see costumes I can wait till Halloween when it's free!! I was so excited for this show cause I had heard so many good things, but I was totally let down!!! They hype was not worth the $$$. Save it for drinks at a nightclub.
3	Oh man... this whole show is really what you make of it. I've gone to see "The Thunder" for 2 bachelorette parties, and, well... it's what you make of it. It's fun if you're with a bunch of fun girls, and all that. However, it takes just one girl who's not into the whole thing, to make the experience boring and awkward. The men are... well, they're men with 6-packs! No talking is necessary. Just watching and oogling, is pretty much all you need to do. The occasional scream is nice, as well. I think the only reason why this place remains open, is because of the bachelorette parties. I don't think I've seen a group (or a couple?) of random girls (or guys) just coming to see The Thunder to just kick it. Drinks sold here are pretty weak, so you're better off pre or post drinking. Excalibur itself is pretty weak sauce, but as long as you get passed that, and just go directly to wear they have the show, you're good to go. If you're staying at another hotel, I think you can get a courtesy limo to take you to The Thunder, and to other related places.
4	As corny and cheesy as this show was, I totally enjoyed it. Yeah they can't really dance but who the hell cares? They are hot, half naked men shaking their stuff for all the ladies. Who doesn't love that? The host, Marcus, was not only extremely hot (I actually thought he was hotter than the rest of the guys in the show) but he was funny and entertaining. My favorite guy was a thick, sexy, bald man who could break dance like nobodies business. This is definitely a great place for a bachelorette or birthday party. If you wear a sash or a crown you have a better chance of getting up on stage and getting your own show. You have the opportunity to take a photo with the boys at the end for $20. Me and my girlfriend totally enjoyed it. We screamed and hooted and hollered the whole time and left with no voices. Its definitely a must see when you are in Vegas if you are a woman and are with your girlfriends.
5	LOOOOVEEE IT! The girls and I were really there for the guys not really for a show. If all they did was stand there with the shirts off, it would have still been fine. We got seats really close but then again, the entire place was small so no matter where you seat, you can see those rippling abs of theirs. It was very entertaining.
2	This show did not meet my expectations. The guys were hotter than the average joe-- but they were not as ripped as I was expecting them to be. A couple of the guys even looked doughy. And my goodness, that was some awful dancing and choreography-- and I've taken dance, so I know what it is to give a good dance performance. Also, the costumes were quite corny, as was the narration during the show.Well, it's Vegas, so schmaltz  should not be a surprise. But I think my money would have been better spent in the casino. Skip this one unless you're part of a drunken bachelorette party.
5	Forget the fireman.Forget the cop.Forget the business man.All I want all night every night is the MILK MAN!! No joke... the milk man was HOT! And it wasn't the bangin' body I was digging, it was his smile (*wink, wink*).I've been to a few male reviews in Vegas and I'd have to say this one is my favorite so far. The guys are super cute and pretty personal! Plus they're all really from down under and have the cute accent! Highlights for me included:* The bar with really stiff drinks and drink specials! * The milk man* The Birthday Girl (my friend) going up on stage* The milk man* The group pictures where we made them do asian poses! and of course* The milk man!
4	This was my first time seeing Thunder from down under.  I didn't know if I would like it or not.  But really what is there not to like.  I enjoyed it.  I thought the dance routines/skits were ridiculous and some of them are poor dancers.  Some of the guys were super hot!  I loved how they came out into the audience several times.  I loved when the announcer did his spiel.  It was hilarious--he picked an older lady.  Very entertaining.  I was definitely screaming....I would def come back for my bachelorette party...
5	Oh the MILK MAN... and the sexy FIREMAN... You can lean you body on me any given nighT!! Haha. This is like burlesque, but with men. Men with chiseled abs, tight @ss, cute smile, and their sexy eyes... accent helps too!I have to say I was taken by surprise. You would think this is one of those cheesy shows where to swing their schlongs in your face (unless you want them to!) Drinks was good. Entertainment was good. The pictures was hot, and damn the milk man got me all worked up... Firemen smooched me on the cheeks...For those who are skeptical, give them a chance. :) It's Vegas. Live a little.
3	10.17.10Conjure up every rumor you've heard about TFDU.  They're probably true.  I was extremely hesitant to go to the show, but it was my best friend's bachelorette party, and this was number one on her list, so go we must.The four of us piled in for the Sunday night show.  They were showing video loopbacks of the photo shoots.  I was trying to scope out if there were any lookers.  So far, meh.The show started.  It is every bit as cheesy as you can imagine.  Most of these boys have no dance skills, but boy, their muscles show through, no matter how far back you sit.Ladies, if you want the experience of being on stage, choose the lower level seats.  Buy tickets early.  Scream and shout loudly when they ask for audience participation.Or, wait until the end of the show, shell out $20 per person, and have your way with the photos.Wait for them outside like groupies, so you can have your Polaroid signed.  But remember, they're off the clock, and some are willing to drink with you at the bar right outside the venue, if you're into that sort of thing.
5	Loved it!!!!!!! Went last year and had such a great time! The guys were all super nice and funny! They werent grabby at all, which is huge to me! LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Going this week again!!!
3	I don't actually go here...I recommend the guys hang out front and wait for the show to end.  Hoards of wedding shower ladies and strike teams of cougar MILFs roll out of this place ready to pounce the first male member of the species.  It's not even fair, like shooting fish in a barrel.Of course, I would never stoop to such lows.  It's just wrong.  However, if you have been striking out, check the show schedule!  :-D
4	The 52$ I spent for the ticket to get in was well worth the price. The host and performers were top notch. They all had something to offer and worked the crowd well. Clint and Lee were amazing, break dancing and drum playing kudos to them. I wish they had interacted with more of the crowd, but I know that they want to make the bride to be's and older ladies happy. Overall, the show was full of excitement and entertainment. Decent music selection and fairly good choreography. If you are a lady and enjoy seeing physically fit men strut their stuff, then this is the show for you. I most certainly felt the thunder from down under and hope to catch the show again some time.
4	I definitely did not expect how delicious TFDU would be!!!! I went for a girlfriend's bachelorette and was anticipating going to the show all weekend.Try to get the front tables if you want a close up of the men and to liken your chances of getting picked to come up on stage. I seriously did not know what i was in store for. Australian-born men with amazing to-die-for bodies jumping and dancing around! I believe TFDU is a definite must for all women to do at least once in their lifetime.Doors open up half an hour before the show starts. So do try to get their early if you plan on drinking at the show because service at the bar was a bit slow. Plus if you get their early they have a little video of the men modeling for you. So you get a chance to see what kind of men will be in store for the night. ;)Lets just say I lost my voice from all the screaming and my hands were hurting the next day from all the clapping and banging on the table that night. Lol. Minus one star for not being one of the bitches that were picked to come up on stage. Boo! Lol. But it's okay. Maybe next time ;)
2	Most people who spend a weekend in Vegas have only one or two nights to see a show, and you want to make the most of it. If that's the case, you're better off going to see either a real show (like Circque du Solelil) or going to a real strip club. This show consists of an hour of pretty boys leaping around on stage to worn-out songs. There is no real talent on display here except for some exquisitely chiseled abs. Its pretty tacky but if you're going with a bachelorette party you can still have a good time. Be sure to bring an extra $20 in cash for the over-priced photos at the end.
3	My friend is a HUGE fan of the show in Vegas and for her bachelorette party, not surprisingly, her, a bunch of her friends and myself went to Vegas during Memorial Day weekend of 2011. I am writing this review with the memory of the performance is still fresh in my mind.My group really liked it, they were very enthusiastic throughout and since we all purchased one of those special "girls night out" packages for bachelorette parties we got to sit in the front. Venue itself was decently sized, though I think they could improve on the quality of the chairs and booths. The review is for the show only, and not for the packaged deal.I am probably the only girl in my group that didn't get that vibe, and while most of the men are decent looking and the audience contributed to a fun show, I didn't see why these Australian men were deserving of my attention. Heck I got more attention (and had a more fun time) at the gentlemen's clubs from the ladies themselves, and I'm a girl and all I had to do was show up with a smile, and even then that was cheaper! I did like the host, but it was because of his personality and antics primarily, yet was such a tease when he did a show for an old woman. Speaking of tease...From what I recall, they specifically said "we promise nudity!" I've known from my friend that they really don't go the full monty, but please, don't mislead the audience like that! Maybe I misinterpreted it, because if it were full nudity it would be fully advertised as being part of the show. Though there were lots of man-kinis and bare bums exposed...The crowds themselves either belonged to a bachelorette party, birthday girl or are older ladies who don't seem to get enough eye candy from men of their own age. Right next to me I saw one man who didn't seem like he was enjoying it (seemed like he was forced to by his girlfriend and was commented on by my friends that he was staring rather at US). Seemed like most of the decent women who would WANT attention from men would be better off at the clubs/bars in Vegas, which would not only BE cheaper but would get more personalized attention AND even have their drinks paid off for (and I would rather pay for a cabana/bottle service if I had my own bachelorette party).The guys would pick women from the crowd who seem to be the most enthusiastic about the performance. Disappointing if you don't get picked and you were hyped about getting picked. My friend got picked several times and she got attention from the fireman (and also some other guys as they were dancing outside the stage and in the tables). I really like how the guys would interact with the audience either through being picked for a performance or through one of the contests. The fake orgasm was the highlight of the audience participation, as the girls seemed to have a good time trying to fake an orgasm. The audience interaction was the one big thing that didn't make rate this lower than 3 stars.Merchandise was WAY too expensive (seriously, $25 for a decent-quality picture) and most of the non-show memorabilia had a lot of penis... another friend said there was WAY too much penis overload for 2 hours. The line formed after the show was also way too long, it was as if the girls had eyes like a hawk and started to form lines as soon as the stage manager propped the sign for "Form Line Here for Pictures" was placed on the stage. I think I can find a better quality picture on the Internet.In short: Very good show/experience for people who like the classical definition of a hot man and would want to be given a tease. I get more bang for my buck in gentlemen's clubs because the women explicitly show the goods and at least try to have individualized interactions with the men outside of the "show". I'm glad that my friends and the bride-to-be had a wonderful time, but I would see another show the next time I would be in Vegas and would consider other options should I have a bachelorette party.Also, a little something about me: The guys I would see as attractive are considered "dorky" to the mainstream.
5	Visited: May 29th, 2011After Hofbrauhaus, we went back to our room to get ready for the Thunder from Down Under show. Our TFDU package for the night  included limo service to the show and a club of our choice after the show.  Our first driver, who's name was Dave Thomas (no relation to the Wendy's Dave Thomas), was about 30 minutes early. I can appreciate a limo driver who's prompt and very courteous. He first stopped at the WELCOME TO LAS VEGAS sign and took our pictures. Isabel (the bride) wanted cider after the two bottles of champagne we had, so Dave took her to a liquor store. How nice of him. :) After that, he drove us around the strip until it was a little over an hour til the show. We arrived at around 730pm and sadly, Dave wasn't going to be our driver after the show was done :( We parted ways with Dave and went to get the show tickets. I picked up the tickets, and luckily we were only second in line. We were let in about 30 minutes before the show and found out by reading the tickets that we were sitting at the table near the front staircase to the stage. Isabel sat in the seat closest to those stairs (I switched with her because that's where I was originally sitting, but I didn't mind because she was the bride). Isabel absolutely loves this show and sees this every year. I was down to see this show because it was my first time. The music finally started and a group of men started dancing after the host, Marcus came out. I have to say, that by looks alone, I thought that Dave Harris and Jesse were the best ones. Isabel definitely got a lot of attention from most of the performers, and was called up on stage by Matthew. Out of the 8 of us, I think Isabel and I were screaming the most. I was hoping that the rest of the girls were enjoying themselves, which I think that most of them did. Keep in mind 6/8 of us have men, and obviously we were there for Isabel and to also have some fun at her bachelorette party. We know that our men don't look like that, but we obviously love them for different reasons. I have to admit, some of the music was a little dated, and some of the dance moves were a little cheesy, but I think that was the whole idea. Teasing from the performers were a part of the show, and shouldn't be taken too seriously. The performers got the crowd going. :) I think that some of the women who go to this show have more fun looking at the bodies instead of the dancing. This is definitely a show that women go to for their bachelorette parties. All I can say is that I thoroughly enjoyed myself and screamed my ass off. It is most definitely a show I would have to see again, but not as frequently as my friend Isabel.
1	Sadly disappointing. The men are horrible dancers and for the sub par performance you could at least give the poor girls what they came to see...more skin, sans the white running shoes.
5	I just came back from my girlfriend's bacherlorette party and wanted to leave comments about this show. It seems like this show is a must for bacherlorette parties. It was very memorable and since we screamed our lungs out we were able to get our girl friend up on stage! It was very entertaining and hot! One thing that would make it even more memorable is if the hot Aussies would have a number where they do a little dance wearing mighty whities and Uggs!
4	I went to see this show about a year and a half ago and ever since then I have become a fan. Now it's become a must see on my list everytime I go to Las Vegas and I drag my friends to see it. Now I got them into it :) These guys are sweet, entertaining, and wonderful to watch on stage. Yes sometimes the moves are not always in sync, but if you are looking for dancers to be in sync then go see a show on Broadway!These guys are more than happy to get up close and personal with the ladies, but don't be nervous about it. Just enjoy the attention and you'll definitely remember it as one of your light Sin City memories. The guys have friendly and vibrant personalities. They even come out after the show to talk to the fans.   If you want to have a ladies night out or see a male revue without feeling guilty or dirty afterwards, then go see Thunder. Also the routines change periodically so you never know what to expect. Besides who can complain about seeing some shapely bodies, handsome faces, and hearing smooth Australian accents!
3	If you want to watch guys dance around to super cheesy in-synce numbers then you need to go to this show. Most of the songs were enwer but the rest were really old. No cameras are allowed inside so make sure you don't bring one. I highly recommend throwing back a few drinks down below at Dick's Last Resort prior to heading upstairs for the show. Drinks are expensive and very week.
4	THEY ARE SO YUMMY.Though it's true that they pay more attention to brides-to-be and birthday girls, you'll still have fun going as a non-extra-special girl. You get what you signed up for, Australian men! They let you touch their bodies and are so nice to everyone.The MC is AWESOME. He is funny and sexy...and definately knows how to get the crowd going. Sit at the two sides, or dead center. Otherwise they won't really come to your table. It's a smaller room too, so if you are just there to watch, you can pay the lowest price and still see everything. Overall a good show!
4	HAHA! The name is clearly amusing on its own and so was the show itself. Perfect for a ladie's night out. I'm personally not a fan of these type of shows but when you're in Vegas, why not? Actually, it's a lot 'classier' than the one I went to in NYC for a bachelorette party so if I were to choose, I would go back to this one. The show is held at a small theater in the Excalibur hotel and everyone is seated in rows of tables. The bar is in the back of the theater so make sure you bring enough cash to tip the bartender. Personal cameras are not allowed but you can take a Polaroid shot with your favorite Aussie boys at the end of the show by one of their own cameraman.   For me, a once in a blue moon experience is enough.
5	Best birthday present and girls night out.  Entertainment was fun, great energy and hot guys.... What more can you ask for?!!! Yeaaah gurrrrllll!
4	Gorgeous, sexy guys who are very very friendly. I've seen Chippendales too, so I will be making multiple comments comparing TFDU to CnD. -The TFDU guys are cuter and friendlier than CnD. They actually make conversation with you and want (or pretend to) to chat with you. After the show, if you get a picture with them ($20/each person for a group pic), they even autograph it. -More audience involvement. The host grabbed girls from the audience multiple times to go on stage. After each guy's dance, they come down to the floor and dance/flirt/hug members in the audience. -Less guys than CnD, so the costume changes/choreographed dances/sets/props aren't as elaborate as CnD, but the guys' were very talented. We saw breakdancing and flips on stage.-A little TOO MUCH audience involvement, to the point when I was almost getting bored at the end. -Very sexy host. I definitely recommend going, don't wait for a bachelorette party, go on your next Vegas trip! Tables sit 6 people.
4	Loved the show!!! Came here for a Vegas weekend with my cousins and it was a blast! The guys were ALL very handsome and well built. The initial dance routines were cheesy but, hey, it's a Vegas show! Here are some tips:1. The best place to sit is right in the middle in front of the stairs as they will walk on your table! 2. if you want more action at your table, wear your bachelorette outfit!3. Stay for photos onstage! It's worth it at only $20 per person. I ran to the end of the stage and was first in line. It's good to get your pictures taken early before the whole crowd gets to them.HAVE FUN!!!
4	VIP is the way to go for this all male review. Our group of 6 snagged a spot near the front of the stage, which made for a very memorable girls night out. We started picking out our favorites as the show progressed. I made sure to stand next to mine when we took a group photo with them afterward. I'm gonna have to frame that sucker. *sigh* Oh, how I love men with Australian accents.
4	As this is the only male review I have tried, I dont have much to compare it to. Still I had a fun time! If you have an MGM MLife card (free to sign up for at Luxor and Excalibur, or other MGM properties) the Thunder Down Under tickets were as cheap as $35. We found this out simply by speaking to the people at the box office.  Because the dancers move around the audience, even the cheap seats were fine to see the show.  I dont know what other girls were drinking but I got a pretty strong drink for 11 bucks. Fruity cocktail with hypnotic and a glow stick. Frilly and fun for such a show! The men were incredibly hot and each had a stereotypical persona like bad boy, cowboy, sweetheart, etc..   They were very hands on with the crowd and the girls (even a grandma) brought up on stage. Unless you regularly frequent strip clubs, this was surprising. I went in thinking it was look and dont touch. Quite the opposite was true. They did not show full frontal nudity but pretty much every other angle was bare. That's fine with me! The music was a mix of top 40 and classic hits to appeal to a large audience. The show obviously was meant to be fun and flirty, not dirty and X rated like some yelpers seemed to think. Afterwards, for 20 bucks you could get your pictures with the guys from the show. At first I wasnt going to do it, but its vegas and I had money to burn so what the heck? It ended up being a pretty cool picture. Me and my friend sitting on the laps of 2 hot guys with the other cast members behind us.  All in all worth the 20 bucks to shock my friends and family at home. I recommend it to the average vegas tourist. It was a fun time! One other thing I might mention. I was really impressed with how the men treated the audience members. They really tried to make people comfortable as well as sexy. Like the 300lb girl ahead of us in the picture line who claimed she was too heavy to sit on their laps.They assured her it was alright and had her take the picture with them like everyone else. It was great to see that they care that much about their job and the show!
5	I used to come to this show a lot with friends back in college. It's been about two years now since I last went an a lot has changed but it's still a great time! Know what you're here for; it's a male revue, after all. As long as you're here with a good mindset, it's a lot of fun. It's a fairly laidback atmosphere and always interesting and funny. I've known some of these guys for about five years now and most of them are really sweet, down to earth, and friendly. There are some great local specials too, so if you're entertaining friends or just looking for a girl's night, check out the local deals. The theatre is a lot smaller and more intimate than Chippendales and the show is on a smaller scale. It's almost like being at one big bachelorette party in someone's really really big living room. I wouldn't even really compare it to Chippendales because while they're both male revues, they're completely different (and no, the guys from the shows don't hate each other either).
5	Never in a million years did I think I would see this show.  I had always passed it up whenever it came to town, and although I travel to Vegas a lot, I never gave any thought to seeing the show there either.  I thought that the guys would be old-looking Fabio types - not my type at all!Fast forward to September of last year when they had a three-week gig at the Rrazz Room in San Francisco.  They were selling discounted tickets through Gold Star, and my friend invited me to go with her and a group of her co-workers.  I thought, "Why not have a night out on the town?"  And so I went.  Long story short, I was hooked after that!  There were no old-looking Fabio types at all, and there was one who struck my fancy (Aidan) and was a very good dancer to boot.  (I'm a sucker for a good dancer!)  I posted my picture with him on my Yelp profile page :)Since then, I've seen the show twice, once at their annual Halloween weekend gig at the Atlantis Resort in Reno, and once in Las Vegas.  The show in Reno was held in a huge ballroom where two screens were needed so that everyone could see the action going on in front onstage, so it was nice to see the show in Vegas in their own intimate showroom.  I went on a Thursday in early December, and it was not sold out so they curtained off the back part of the room, making for an even more intimate experience.  The format is as follows: group opening number (which was to "Cry Me A River" when I saw them in Vegas - bonus points for doing a Justin Timberlake song!); themed numbers starting with the group (think pirate, fireman, etc.), then the featured performer taking someone on stage and performing a "lap dance" for her, and then said performer running into the audience and interacting with them; and finally a group number to "Save A Horse Ride A Cowboy" at the end - really fun routine to end the show with!  The guys strip down to their skivvies on stage during their lap dance and after when they come out into the audience.  That is plenty enough for me - I don't care to see them dance to a group number in thongs!  FYI there are about seven to eight guys including the host in the show and maybe about five of them have their own themed routine for the night.  There are a few standout performers, meaning guys who are actually good dancers and a couple who are even b-boys!  If I had known I would've seen the show much sooner haha!  My personal favorites are Dave Harris and Clint Scott (one of the b-boys) who in my opinion are the best dancers out of all the guys.At the end of the show you can get your picture taken with the guys for $20 per person, cash only.  If you are with a group of girls, even if you want only one picture, each person must pay $20 and each person ends up with their own picture.  I believe you can also request to take a separate picture with just you and your favorite(s) if you'd like.  The guys are friendly and make conversation with you while you are waiting for your picture to be taken.  Also, the picture quality is excellent.  You get a digital photo, not a Polaroid, and it comes out right away. A really fun souvenir to take home with you!  After the show you can hang out to meet the guys and have them sign your photo if you'd like.  The crowds at their shows are pretty mixed - all ages, all races.  Some of the ladies who get taken onstage are a hoot haha!  The guys seem to pick from all parts of the room, so if you are hoping to go up but aren't in the front you may still have a chance.  The only things I would deduct a star for are that some of the guys do not come out to sign pictures, which can be disappointing if one of those guys is your favorite and you were hoping to meet him.  Also, in Vegas one guy did not make his rounds to all the parties waiting to meet him.  However, it's hard not to give all five stars when the guys are great performers, very friendly, and easy on the eyes, and for the overall great experiences I've had at their show, incuding getting picked to go onstage with my favorites, Dave and Clint.  The girl who goes onstage with Clint exits the stage through their backstage area, where the rest of the guys are waiting until the next number, and let me just say this: what happens backstage at Thunder, stays backstage at Thunder ;)  Seriously though, go see the show!  Highly recommended!P.S. They have a separate touring group with different guys (whom I saw in SF), make sure to see them as well if they hit your town!
1	We went purely for the experience and I was very disappointed. If I want to see pretty gay men dancing and lip synching I will go to a drag show. The only difference between TFDU was these guys don't wear false eyelashes and the boobs (pecs) are real. It took Forevah to get one drink and the drunk bride to be in front of us falling on her ass  far more entertaining than anyone on stage. Also I do not take kindly to seeing women be objectified in such a rude manner. Placing a woman on her knees and shoving a g-strig covered d*ck in her face is just tacky. I can see a show being sexual but with no class.
4	Such a memorable night! So fun for celebrating a birthday with the girls, especially when your friend gets chosen to participate in a contest onstage! The picture purchase with the cast afterwards was worth every penny!
4	This show is a hilariously good time for a girls night out if you've had a few drinks and don't take it to seriously. I'm not sure if it's meant to be funny but I definitely laughed my @$$ off at he so-called dancing. If it's your birthday or you just want some attention from the guys wear a BDAY/wedding sash or tiara and they'll come around to give you a hug at some point.My friends and I bought discount tickets off Goldstar which I have to say is your best bet, really no need to pay full price unless you're super desperate for some man action and need to sit in the front row.Drink before you get here because the line for the bar is ridiculous. Also on the night we went admission also got you free wristbands for Cathouse where there was free Champagne until midnight. Not to shabby.
5	I have been to this show quite a few times. My friends and i love it. It isn't too much, to the point it looks totally graphic, and disgusting. If you like the shows where the guys rub their backside all over your face and rams your head into his junk, this isn't the show for you. It is enough to just wet your taste buds and leave you.....ah you know. Lets leave it to the imagination. : )The accents are sexy, the bodies are sexy, it is just yummy. Someone told me Chippendales is better, i haven't went yet so i can't really say or compare. All i can say is, i recommend this show...and while is Vegas - must have a few drinks in you to make it even more enjoyable. LoL
5	If you're like me, I've passed on this show the many times I've been to Vegas because I pictured cheesy Fabio-types, fit gay men and raunchy one-notch above street man-hos. I've also been to several parties where we hired male strippers for bachelorette entertainment, and pictured these cheesy guys that ended up being too short or giggled too much or humped too much. MEH, is what I thought when my bachelorette friend said we were going this time for her night out. The men. Are hot. Straight (or they pretend well). And have Aussie accents. And hot (did I already say that?). I kid you not. It is the equivalent of going to your butcher or meat section and seeing the best cuts of filets. There's just enough open shirts, shirtlessness and bare ass peek-a-boos without being over the top. I'd like to be stuck on an island with these guys ;). As you read in other reviews, the men dance around and several of the guys perform a solo routine and run around the audience kissing women. Our show had 3 solos, so to "meet" all of them (I think there were like 9 total men) my girlfriends and I went up after the performance and took group photos on stage!
3	Is there something wrong with me? I enjoyed attending my friend's bachelorette but this show was kind of whack.It's more or less a bunch of grown ass men feeling themselves up while doing Backstreet Boys choreography to the best of the 90's for about an hour.  Yes, the guys are yummy and clearly work out but I couldn't help but think they were all into the other persuasion if you get my drift. Nothing wrong with that but it didn't do much for me downstairs. The drinks were crazy expensive and watered down. Souvenir pics with the guys were kind of pricey (not my idea but the bride gets what the bride wants) at $20 per person in the pic; cash only. At times it seemed like the men were having a better time wiggling their g-string laced buns and ding dongs in the face of unsuspecting women than I was having. I learned that women are crazy. Crazy for half naked men -- they never get fully naked. Lame. Maybe it was the mob mentality, maybe it was the overpriced weak booze, but chicks were losing their damn minds. You would've thought it was a room full of virgins on Prom night. They were a giddy and horny bunch.They all had the sickness and they needed to get the poison out (Watch Black Snake Moan for the reference). Ladies, chill out! He probably has a boyfriend waiting for him back home (or on stage) and even if he didn't he's most likely not going home with you.  I had never been to one of these so all in all it was kind of entertaining just for novelty sake but not really worth the money or the time, but I guess this is what these things are about. Proving to the boys that we can be just as naughty, if not naughtier than they, before the big day or something. Yawn ... I would've given it 2 stars but I haven't experienced better and I don't think I will ...
4	Crap! How have I not review this!?My girlfriend's bachelorette party! We came here nd sat in one ofthe front seats and it was a great view! The place was filled with crazy women. Lots of bachelorette parties.The host was awesome and from Australia!! All of them were and the accents were nice. he was older but still buff. He didn't dance but he was hilarious and let an old lady feel him up.So the dances were cheesy and of course - no penis. I don't mind... Don't want those things swinging in my face but hey... Kinda hot. I dunno... It was kinda like reading a sex novel (the one with Fabio on the cover), I've never read those but that seems like a good guess.Notes:*absolutely NO photos - don't even attempt*alcohol is expensive*photos with them is $20 each person* They do take bachelorettes up there if you scream hard enough! You really need to dress to impress. The guys seemed kinda douchy and into themselves but some were so sweet (I talked to one afterward to compliment his dancing skills - he crunched in the show and it was really good.*yes, they looked like a boyband but they were all coordinated! I was impressed.Overall: drink a bit, go for a bachelorette party
4	I usually consider myself somewhat reserved but of course, I turn into a shrieking female when I see some of these guys on stage. Yes, it is a little cheesy at times but so much fun! If you can appreciate the campiness, you won't be disappointed. I enjoyed the skits. The only annoying thing was how they pretty much only catered to bachelorette parties and only brought bachelorettes on stage. A little cliche for me but they did bring an older lady on stage and the MC was hilarious with her. I laughed alot with that one. My girlfriend and I paid approx $75 I think for VIP seats. She and I were in the front row at the end. Pretty good seats considering we purchased them same day. I would go back. Guilty pleasures are therapeutic!!!!!
3	I just saw the show tonight and I was hoping to give the show 5 stars after all that I read about it but sadly this is not the case.  We paid for VIP tickets (table 5 2nd row) but were treated anything but that.  For the most part the guys ignored my table (they went all the way to the back where we could barely see them).  Afterwards we were told there would be a meet an greet but only a few came out to quickly sign autographs then left (one was not even that nice about it) and the others skiped out the back door. This is my last night in Vegas and I was hoping to end it with a bang but to my disappointment that was not to be.  My advice to the guys/people who run the show (should they happen to read this) would be to make sure that you pay equal attention to both the front and back of the room.  It is really bad form to ignore thevpeople who paid top dollar to see you.
2	If your looking to blow a whole lot of money to watch buff men struggle to remember the very simple dance moves set to cheesy music then this is the place for you.  Out of the about 10 guys on stage only one looked like he was actually enjoying what he was doing, the others just looked upset that they had to be doing their routine again (we went to the second showing)... that or they were struggling to count inside their heads.      On a brighter note the bachelorette I went with seemed to have a great time and ladies of all ages (seriously I saw women there pushing 65) were screaming their heads off and looked like they were having fun.
5	I don't understand why the reviews are so low! It was so entertaining that I lost my voice from screaming so much!I came here for my birthday and me and my girls were so into the performances! It's like ever girls fantasy come true! The drinks are $1.00 more than what you would have to pay for at the club, so if you're really careful with your money, just pre-game before the show. There's a bar right outside of the place, so it not really a big deal.In the end of the show, they let everyone take pictures with the guys, but it's $20 per person. I honestly don't believe you have to spend too much to enjoy your time there. We sat towards the back right next to the bar and had a blast! One of the boys even ran up to me and have me a hug and a kiss. I was in too much of a shock to do anything cool, so I choked. Ladies, always be prepared! They don't just pull up the girls in the front row, so wear undies unless you're okay with the whole crowed seeing your v-zone!
2	I came here for my besties bachelorette party and definitely was not expecting what we saw. I truly thought it was going to be a full on strip show and was pleasantly surprised that it ended up being more of a show. It was quite entertaining moreso because the guys would basically do dance numbers. I wouldn't see the guys again...I would much rather spend my money on food and other entertainment like a cirque du soleil show.
4	Loved it - what can I say, HOT guys!!!Went with my husband and had a blast.  The place was crazy - everybody was screaming and having a great time.  The guys were constantly off stage and in the audience.  Really had much more audience involvement than any other show we have been to in Vegas.  (I even got to touch one of the guys!!!)Each guy had a routine and while the others may have danced in the background, the song was just for that guy.  There was a really cute blonde guy (David) - that was always going to the back of the theater which is where we were (more on that in a bit) - and our other favorite was a guy that ripped off his shirt on stage after bringing another girl up and dancing on top of her.But they had a little something for everybody - firemen, policemen, gangsters, etc.  The best part, was when the MC for the night brought a lady celebrating her 80th birthday on stage and then stripped for her.  He even put her hand down his pants!  Loved it.The only drawbacks that we had was that the guys were always off the stage it seemed - it was always a blast when they were near our area, but other times it was like we couldn't see and just wanted them to go back on stage.Now on to my husband - he had a blast too, but felt kinda sorry for him - he was one of only three guys in a crowd of like 200+ girls (after saying that not sure why I was sorry for him), but the announcers made clear that the night was for ladies.  At the other Vegas shows couples are welcomed openly - didn't seem so here.  We also bought our tickets early and still were stuck in the back corner (along with the other guys in the audience).  Would guess that was on purpose.  So if you want a good seat, don't go as a couple.Overall we had a really good time and recommend it.
4	I'd totally be lying if I told you I didn't enjoy this. This show was AWESOME!! Maybe it's because I've been reading 50 Shades of Grey, or maybe these guys just know how to work a room full of ladies. Of course I was with a bachelorette party and we were here for some fun. I actually wasn't even interested in going to this but it was in the itinerary and I'm not one to be a party pooper. We got there right when it was about to start so our seats were off to the side which ended up being a big bummer. WHY? Because the hot dudes only go in the middle. So, my advice... GET THERE EARLY. These guys fickle with all the typical women's fantasies -- dressing up as firemen, cowboys, etc., seducing girls in the audience, and dancing their booties off, and yes... I saw a LOT of BOOTY! My only wish was that our party was sitting the main crowd and that the show was longer. I was totally sad when it was over because it all happened so fast and I was having a good time... completely SOBER, I might add. If you're on a girl's trip, do it. It's awesome. Chippendale's is next on my list! Hahaha.
3	Cant say I loved it cant say I hated it, but can say some fun was had. $60 bucks and some pocket change a ticket (non-VIP) We attended this show on the last night of our girls trip. I suppose I expected a little more. Though most of the "action" was on one side of the room. I almost felt slightly sorry for the ladies that had paid more to sit in the VIP seats on our side of the room. There is/was tons of audience involvement even more so if you were on the left side of the room, ha. But had to admit its one way to get the ladies cheering and screaming even more than the already had been. A handful of the guys each have their own choreographed routine, always ending with some booty shaking, and again causing a huge uproar from the women. The MC was probably the highlight for me, entertaining, damn gorgeous, and he throws a little twist into the show towards the end. Overall its not a horrible show and was a great way to end our girls trip (The birthday girl of our group got motor-boated twice so I think we accomplished what we came for, haha)
4	So much cheesy Vegas fun!This is one of those things that everyone (or woman, I suppose) should experience once. I was here with a bachelorette party, as was probably 90% of the room. The women in here were going NUTS! They were screaming so loud that my ear drums were throbbing. The show is pretty funny because the guys do choreographed N'Sync type dances in corny costumes. If I had one complaint, it would be that there was not enough nudity! I mean, guys in thongs are not sexy and I'm not a perv, but most of the show was just shirtless which I can see at the beach for FREE. Tickets are a bit pricy - we paid $50/person and were way in the back. I hope the dancers get paid well because they deserve it for the way they worked the crowd. The show only ran about an hour, but really it gets kind of repetitive after the first 10 minutes. Like I said, definitely something to check out once (and trust me, once was enough for me!).
5	I don't get why Chippendales has a better rating than this show...the Thunder boys COMPLETELY kick the Chippendales' tightly-muscled, oiled asses! I've seen all the male revues in Vegas, so I speak from experience -- they're all basically the same shtick. Muscular dudes doing cheesy choreography to lame-ass songs in tired-ass stereotypical manly-man costumes: fireman, cop, Military Hero (TM), cowboy, gangster, etc. In some cases, even the exact same music is used -- these shows are basically interchangeable.That being said, there are a few things that make this show better than the rest. 1. The guys are hotter. The guys in American Storm were kinda wussy-looking, and the guys in Chippendales were OK, but kinda boring. The Thunder guys, however, were hot as hell (in particular Matty). And they actually looked like they were enjoying themselves, unlike "other" shows I've seen where they're clearly phoning it in (bond guy from American Storm, I'm talking to YOU!).2. The choreography is WAY better! These guys actually do acrobatics -- backflips and head spins and crazy shit like that! There are trampolines onstage and the guys make good use of them -- it's like the Dingaling Bros. Barnum & Boner Circus!! FUN!3. The emcee is fucking awesome -- way dirtier, edgier, funnier and more personable than the other shows' emcees by MILES. 4. The stage setup is great -- you're not as removed as with Chippendales, and it's more of an interactive experience. The guys are constantly out in the audience, dancing on the tables and teabagging women even way in the back. And there's no bullshit balcony -- who wants to sit in the balcony at a show like this?!! All the seats are on the main floor.The only downsides to this show as compared to Chippendales are: it's only an hour long, it's a little more expensive, and it's true, the guys don't strip down quite as bare quite as often. But for me, less is more...so I actually found this show way hotter.Take my advice, girls -- if you're coming to Vegas to see a male revue, make it this one!
4	Things I love: hot bodied guys minimally dressed.  Add in a foreign accent and the panties are coming off.  So why wouldn't I want to go see Thunder from Down Under?  I was asked to go by a coworker on our recent work trip and my immediate response: HELLS YEAH!Our tickets turned out to be in the very front row to the left of the stage.  At first I was worried it would be like those traveling male reviews or the seedy male strip clubs where they walk around accosting you for dollar bills and the ones you don't find attractive rub their sweaty asses all over you.  Not sexy.  But luckily this is a SHOW and all the guys are hot so any rubbing will be fine with you.  Promise.All the guys are hot.  Especially the guy with the long hair.  I also kind of liked the dirty, smarmy little emcee.  Hey, I have a thing for shorter guys with longer hair and all the tats and somewhat greasy look was right up my alley.  I could envision this guy in the Magic Mike role played by Matthew McConaughey.  Anyway, perhaps could have done without the knee braces on a couple of guys, but I guess they need to protect their knees so they can dance another day.A lot of the guys can dance.  Not all of them are the greatest dancers but some of them are totally rocking out up there.  Simulated sex moves on the floor or on top of some lucky girl from the audience were hot too!The guys will jump off the stage and walk across the tables right in front of you.  We actually ended up getting sprayed with water (I think it was water from that beer bottle and not actual beer) as the guy poured it on himself on top of our table.  Um yes.  He also kissed me on the cheek so that was fun.  They will bring up bachelorettes and other unsuspecting ladies for some fun on stage...including one grandma that was fucking hilarious.  Speaking of patrons, there was excitement but none of that nasty, too drunk chasing and groping.  So basically keeping it as classy as you can in Vegas anyway.Definitely less prancing in the G-string than I thought they would be.  More costumes on and the G string came out at the end for just a few moments.  Might have liked to see a BIT more G string but the costumes/fantasy is what makes it hot anyway, right?There was a guy on stage that appeared to be new and kept getting lost and we watched the other guys pointing which direction to go.  The guy was hot so it was ADORABLE.  He just kept smiling and plowed right on through it.  Tip: get a buzz before you go.  There wasn't a lot of time for drinks to be ordered/served - she only came to our table once during the show.  So liquor up beforehand.After the show you can have pictures made with them, etc.  I'm not sure what it costs but it looked fun.  I considered it for my Christmas card this year but then decided naaaaah.  Maybe next time.  Ladies (or gay men) - go check out the Aussie hotties!!  Then go out afterwards when your hormones are raging and find some mere mortals to talk to!
3	I went to see Thunder Down Under on Friday night for a bachelorette party. Gotta love those Aussie accents! I give a personal thumbs up to Marcus, who gave us QUITE the show. (Wink wink, nudge nudge.) I last saw this show three years ago, and it was just as fun.I'm really only giving three stars (would give three-and-a-half, if a half system were in place) because the audience participation skits tend to make me cringe; our evening, a grandmother went up on stage. I'm still a bit traumatized by the mental image, but hey, I'm glad she got to get her rocks off. Ha!
2	Honestly, this is a bit of a cheesy show for my taste.If you want to go see guys performing to choreography, tease you without revealing ANYTHING, and see mother-in-laws get dragged on stage to grope the host... then this is the show for you.I will likely not be coming back here. Like another reviewer on here stated... I can see more at the beach for free.
4	Holy cannoli.  I was expecting the cheez, but they brought so much more.Not so easily bemused girls will be.  Guys are hot, chiseled, and athletic. Not enough skin? Turn on a damn computer if you want to see dong. You get enough here. Come on ladies, it's hotter during the leadup than the real thing sometime. If you watch this and don't wish you were the audience member being laid down on a picnic table by a muscular guy with no shirt on listening to the crowd cheer her on, then you have no soul.The audience really makes it, though.  Make sure the bride wears something like white, a veil, a sash, a bullseye, whatever - get her on stage.  Nothing beats seeing one of your best friends have to fake an orgasm on stage alongside another bride with a giant inflatable penis named, "Sergeant Pecker." Nothing.  And the free Hypnotiq-flavored lip gloss from the grab bag you win for not having the best fake orgasm is not that bad either. Be prepared to lose your voice from screaming and your mind from visuals.
5	This was so much fun for a bachelorette party. We had a fun time.
4	HELLO Aussies boys! I wish i was one of the people to get picked from the crowd, those freaking girls were so lucky!!! Personal lap dances...yes please! Its all about the show because they did not except tips. You can get a pic with all the guys at the end of the show which I highly recommend too. Its a must ladies...so YOLO!
4	I went to Thunder From Down Under for a bachlorette party and I have to say I actually had a really good time. I was honestly expecting the show to be super cheesy, with a bunch of marginally attractive guys singing "it's raining men". To my surprise most of the guys were actually very cute and the music in show was somewhat current (ex. one guy danced to Usher). The venue is much smaller than I expected though. For some reason I thought it was going to be more of a large auditorium type space, nonethless, it was probably better that the venue is kind of small so everyone can see the show better. However, if you really want to get in on the action and see the guys up close and have a chance of getting on stage, it's best to get good seats closer to the stage.My friends and I were somewhat in the back but the guys did come over to our area and surprisingly my friend was brought on stage so that was fun for us to see! She swore up and down she was nervous and freaking out but she was like a pro up there! LOL.Overall, it was pretty fun and wasn't as corny like I expected. I totally recommend it to a group of girlfriends that want some fun on a Saturday night in Vegas.
4	At first I wasn't going to review this show, but I think it deserves one because I had a great time!  First, the men are hot. Very, very, very hot. I went with a group of 4 girls for our friends birthday party and honestly, I wasn't expecting much. But 10 minutes into the show I was shrieking like a little girl! The show is VERY interactive and you might want to pick seats away from the front area if you are shy! I'm pretty open, but some things at the show made me blush.The acts are pretty good. The guys actually do some impressive break dancing and other moves, not just take their clothes off. Actually, I was expecting more skin, but I am not complaining! I think the show had the perfect combination of skin and dance. Is it cheesy? Of course, what strip shows aren't somewhat cheesy?  Is it fun? HELL YEAH! It was definitely worth the money.
4	I think my expectations of these kinds of things were elevated by Magic Mike and these aussies were certainly not dancing on a Channing Tatum level but it was still a great time.  The dance routines were a little ambitious and some of the dudes seemed like it wasn't exactly their calling but it might be asking too much for everyone to be buff, Australian, AND excellent dancers. The drinks are also absurdly expensive ($10 for a mixed drink) and the line for the bar was ridiculously long.  Cheap jello shots, though!  The music selection was a little strange (Come Together?  They Don't Care About Us? God Bless Texas? Okay!) and there was a weird abundance of routines involving guns (playing up that whole "Australia is just an island full of criminals" thing I guess?) Also, they would regularly pull they manties all the way down in the back for full butt view which is nice if you're into that (no thong line blocking your view.)  They came out in the crowd frequently and brought people on stage (but not MY bachelorette, sadly!) It's not cheap and there doesn't appear to be discounts very often but I'd say it was worth the cost of admission (but I might sneak a flask in or be rip roarin' drunk when I get there so as to avoid the drink prices!)
3	Alright, not going to lie, I was a little afraid of all the middle aged women hooting and hollering at the men on stage... it was kind of scary.Additionally, the host reminded me of an old boss I once had that was super creepy. so it didn't help me get into the spirit.Overall the show was pretty funny, and the women who they brought on stage were hysterical-- the fact that they would jump on the table in a thong and then only take the back down and everyone would go nuts was HILARIOUS (SEriously, all they did was move the tiny piece of fabric not covering their butt down to below their butt so that, shocker, their butt was still showing)Nice butts.Nice abs.Some of them are cute.When they dance I giggle a lot.ha
4	Oh hai boys!Hearts to all of you.You guys were like a first date compared to other male strip joints I've been to.A breath of fresh air.You kept your junk where it belonged.Not like those other joints,Where they're ALL UP in your face and lady parts and you're doin next day E.P.T. tests (positive)But you guys?  One swift humping move and you're like, NEXT.A feather stroke in comparison.Leaving the women all confused like, that's it?And those dance moves -CLASSIC.Backstreet Boys x *NSYNC x NKOTB x New EditionAnd to the Aussie who performed to Ginuwine's 'Pony', I'd like to shake your hand, sir.You picked the most gyrating song in history evar and by golly,it was g'dang entertaining.4 stars cuz I didn't feel violated.-1 star cuz I kinda wanted to.
4	Perfect for a bachelorette party!!! It is a bit on the pricey side but it is worth it for your friend. We were lucky because we sat near the front and they actually pulled our bride to be UP!Its located in one of the older casinos- Excalibur. We went to eat near by before and shuttled over. Make sure you get your bride to be DRUNK! It will make it all more fun.
4	First time ever seeing a male revue. The show was definitely entertaining although I assume you know what you're getting yourself into when you choose to go. The men are hot. They're not "dancers" per se, but very talented, entertaining and stimulating performers. ;) Well maybe 2 of the ones at the night I saw them had professional dancing experience. There seems to be up to 20 of them actually, with 8 performers per night and 1 MC.Extra props for being gay friendly. The MC Marcus was awesome, he gave my group of gay guys multiple shout outs throughout the show and made us feel welcome. And the performers were absolute gentlemen and very friendly and polite when we met them.Have fun and enjoy!
3	When enjoying a few brewskis at the Minus 5, we decided to run over to the Excalibur hotel for a locals buy one, get one free show for the Australian male review.  I was excited!!We were late, but got our own table in the back.  Definitely an intimate space, enough to have a lot of interaction with the dancers lol.  I thought the show was ok.  It wasn't anything special and really didn't WOW me.  The dances were cheesy as I'm sure they have to be.  Some of the dancers were really hot, but most were just alright.  I think the host and all those Australian accents really make the show.  C'mon, it's an Australian accent!  How could you not fall in love?!? LOL.  Make sure you're ready to pay a little.  Even for the buy one, get one free, it came out to $35 each.  Plus they wanted to charge $20 per person at the end for picture taking.  I'm glad that it's over and done.  I checked it out.  I've crossed it off my bucket list.
5	For my 25th birthday, I had all my girlfriends from TX come up and help me celebrate my.. quarter-life mark... (sigh). Anyway we all wanted to watch at least one show during my weekend of funtivities, so we thought it would be cheesy and hilarious if we went for Thunder From Down Under. We sat at our table ready for the cheesiness to begin and cracking jokes before it even started. But as the lights dimmed, the fog machine was turned on, and the strobe lights started...something came over all of us and before we knew it, we were off our seats hollering like little horny monkeys. LOL, I wish I was joking. The men are just so hot you can't help but to swoon over them, especially when they're doing their little dance sets and walking the floor looking for those lucky ladies to join them on stage. If you attend this show, I recommend you say a little prayer beforehand that you are the chosen one...because the moves they do to those girls.. I can't even begin to describe while keeping this PG13. The room itself is not very big. Sitting in the front "VIP section" only gives you  front row access to seeing every single little cut of their bodies, but it doesn't necessarily mean you'll have a bigger possibility to being their 'volunteer'. They mainly grab girls with bachelorette sashes or crowns (definitely an accessory I will be bringing if I go again...heheh). I recommend you bring at least $20 in cash because after the show is over, you have a chance to take a picture with all of them, and you'll definitely want a souvenir!
5	My friends and I were trying to figure out what show we wanted to see when celebrating our birthdays. Cirque de Soleil is great but we've seen so many of their shows and we were ready for something different. My friend suggested Thunder from Down Under. I was expecting lots of cheesiness. The thing is.... Vegas is cheesy - and that's why we love it. We had a blast watching the gorgeous Australian men in their magic and glory showing off their six packs and flexing their shiny gluteal muscles. It was a feast of the feasts. The kind of eye candy that will most likely cure blindness one day. Our cheeks and abs got a major workout from the excessive laughter. When the show ended and the lights were turned on, we just looked at each other, completely speechless. After a while, we picked up our jaws from the floor and joined the line to have a picture taken with the entire Aussie entourage. We usually joke around and flirt but we were like four mesmerized human robots who just plopped themselves on their laps, smiled for the camera and got our butt slapped upon our departure. It was magical and we spent hours staring at the pictures; some of them got posted on Facebook with tons of "likes" and I turned one of them into a Christmas card. We'll be back!
5	Full disclosure: it is going to be really hard for me to write this review without sounding completely creepy.So...I have been here around 10 times in the past 4 years. Granted, I went to Vegas 7 times in 2012 alone, but I am always down for some Thunder Down Under. My girlfriends keep getting married (bachelorette parties), turning "25" (read: 30), getting divorced (single again parties), or going for their first time to Vegas - I think these are all valid, excellent reasons to treat my friends to this spectacular experience. The first time I went, I had to hide the fact that I was going to my then-boyfriend. (My current boyfriend isn't exactly thrilled when I go, but he is much more sane than the last and simply thinks of my obsession as one of my "quirks".) But after that first time...I knew I'd be back...again and again. I don't know why people get so weird about places like this. It is a show - not a sleazy strip club. The guys don't get completely naked and they just dance around in costumes. Only a few chosen ones even get in close proximity to them - they drag members from the audience on stage to embarrass (I love when my friends get picked!! It makes the trip.) I would say that I go for the laughs more than anything, plus I love the reactions from my friends who have never been before, especially the goodie-goodies. Definitely pay for the VIP tickets up front, it makes everything better but watch your drinks - they jump on your table! And get the pictures afterwards, these are some of my favorite group shots with my girls. I wish they had a frequent members club because I would save a bundle.
5	Totally not what we expected! Turned out to be a blast went for a bridal party and couldn't stop laughing the whole time! Totally suggest this place for a good laugh!
5	Oh. Hellllllllllll yes.I had previously been to Chippendales and had fun.  Thunder is slightly cheaper, so for my friend's 30th birthday, we took her to the show.First of all, the room is very small so ANY seat is a good seat.  Literally, we sat in the farthest back row, but still were close (unlike Chippendales where the stage is raised and there are two stories of seats).  And I really enjoyed the fact that there were tables and it wasn't just plastic chairs stuck together (like, *cough*, Chippendales).But let's get to the show.  This.Show.Is.Bananas!!!!  It is super interactive, with the guys actually picking up women from the audience, hoisting them over their shoulder, bringing them on stage and then doing naughty things or legit acrobatics with them.  At one point, a guy somersaulted a girl over his head.  The guys all get up on the tables and dance right there in front of you (or rather, on top) of you.  The host was HOT, but sadly, it was his last full time show.  The guys were all great, but my particular favorite was Aiden.Where as Chippendales is kind of like the classy Playboy, Thunder is the dirtier and more fun Hustler of male revue shows!
5	OMG get off your computer and see this show NOW!!!!!!!!!!!Best time in Vegas ever and I was stone cold SOBER!!!!!First, thank you previous posters for telling us about using Goldstar, we paid $25 + service for our tickets, almost half off, but full price would have been worth it!!! Saw this show on 1/31/13, bought tickets on the 26th I think as Goldstar does 2 or 3 weeks ahead.Second, there are SPOILERS so don't read if you don't want to know what happens.Now when you think of it, these beautiful men are not talking, right? So we don't get to hear their accents, right? So how do we know they're really Australian??? Just saying :)These men are beautiful!!!Ok, I am a repressed church-goer (Catholic all the way!!!) and I didn't think the show was raunchy, however, there are a few staged bits that are definitely rated NC-17! There are thongs and ass nudity, but not any full frontal views (darn). The guys are really good dancers especially Aiden and Mark... no Marcus was the host (OMG I didn't expect him to be completely tatted!)... David I think was good, hell they were all good!Times to get dragged on stage (there is touching!)1) One guy brings up a girl and pretty much lays down on her several times wearing only a ribbon that could be called a thong2) Orgasm contest - 3 girls on stage with host (message me if you want hints on how to win this one)3) Menage a Trois - chair dance, 2 girls and a dancer4) Fireman - he climbs a ladder to get his crotch to (your) face level5) Host - brings up someone on stage6) WTF Raunch - only a really skinny girl gets picked for this as the guy literally picks a girl up from her seat and carries her all around with her legs clasping his waist and does some interesting things with her on stage. Chubby girl discrimination!!!We got lucky as all the dancers were having fun and looked like they were enjoying themselves. No one looked like they were just going through the motions. From what the host said, a few of the guys were new to the team and from the photos and ads, almost none of the guys on the stage were in the calendar or ads.There was a bachelorette party group there, but the guys went through the audience and didn't just hang out with them or just pick girls from there.Men are welcome and one guy brought is wife for their 10th anniversary :) Men will get teased though!Seating:1) If you have a chance to look at the seating chart, if you want to interact with the guys you need to sit dead center front row because the stairs to the stage are there and the guys sit there sometimes and 1 woman was picked from there.2) The guys will dance on some of the tables, so be prepared to grab your drink... they really only seemed to dance on the center 2 or 3 tables in the 1st and 2nd row.3) If you sit on the stools in the "back" the guys will dance on the narrow bar table 2 or 3 times above you4) The showroom is so small there really is not a bad seat, it is front row of rectangular tables of 8, 2nd row same, then booths and cocktail table seating, then 3 steps to next level of barstool seating. One side of the room had an extra area of seating, like a wing. Our Goldstar seats were the second row from the stage.Drinks1) Never saw a waitress, there is a bar area.2) Seriously, you don't need to drinkShow (Spoilers)1) The guys only picked 1 girl from the wedding party, all the other women were random-ish2) The host picked an old, old, gross grandmother from the front row center table and he was all over her and she was all over him... it was sick in a sick way, and the host was so hot I was sad. She grabbed his ass and he full tongue kissed her - ewww I was waiting for her dentures to come out. Not against the grannies with sex drives since I will be one one day, but ewwww!3) One guy picked a really fat girl from the front section too, all us other fatties went crazy!!! I was so happy for her I almost cried - dead serious - she was like "Me?!?" Come on, you know we never get picked! I don't care if he gets paid to make women happy, it was really cool he picked her.4) $20 bucks for a polaroid sized photo with you and the guys, geesh it looked so tiny, not even a 4x6 or an 8x10So all in all, this is probably not the show you expect it to be. My friend - it was a surprise for her - first said "Hell no!" when we got there and once they came out on stage she was over it. She said she expected oiled, orange spray tanned men grinding in your face, and she was totally blown away by the show.Oh, and BTW, the men are HOT, I don't know what other reviewers mean when they said the guys are not as good looking or whatever, perhaps they come from a land where all men are hot (lucky them), but these are not your neighbors, they may be firemen (I love firemen), but there are not average Joes dancing around out of boredom, these are some sexy, drool worthy, I will be there again and again, pieces of eye candy that will haunt my dreams forever!
4	I love my Mom, she makes me smile every day even when she wants to see all the adult shows in Vegas in one trip.Our first trip to Vegas ever and she booked all the shows including this one.  Yes, that's right my Mom booked the Thunder From Down Under.I'll start by saying Magic Mike is a fun movie for the ladies and Thunder From Down Under is fun for the ladies as well.  A gorgeous selection of Australian's finest looking men that dance for the ladies pleasure.  The dancing was great at times and a little lack luster at some other times.  Overall pretty good although some more practice is needed.  There's a guy for everyone, a good variety of eye candy.If your expecting to see the Full Monty this is not the show for you.  You get to see the man, the chest, the legs, the dancing, and the hint of the package but never the package - a disappointment for most of the ladies but come on ladies you knew you weren't going to see the package.Bringing ladies up on stage was nice and adds a lot of fun to the entire show.  The orgasm competition between the ladies was hilarious.  I was left wanting a bit more of a show since a lot of the time the stage was empty and the men were running around in the audience out of sight.Overall the show was pretty good, I think a onetime view is good for most.  I wouldn't pay to see this show more than once.  I was happy to enjoy the show and have a great time.  More good times to be had a different shows.
4	I've seen Thunder and Chippendales now.  I would say that Thunder was less classy but a ton of fun.  We got a table- front and center and screamed our heads off to get our bachelorette on stage.  I would say many more bachelorettes had a chance to get on the stage when compared to Thunder.  And yes, these men are hot hot hot.
3	It wasn't as crazy as I feared, which was good. The guys were all very good looking and ripped, so there's that.  There were a few parts that were just gross and silly i.e. the orgasm contest.  We also never saw a waitress. Half way through the show one of my friends got up and got us all drinks.  Overall it's  an ok show, inexpensive as shows go in Vegas, but not really memorable.
3	I'm not necessarily into this kind of thing, but my sister and I went for the laughs and for the experience of it, and we ended up having a pretty good time, although we didn't quite get what we paid for. We paid over 70 bucks for VIP seats when it seemed the 40 dollar seats behind us were getting way more action - they jumped up on their tables and did all sorts of stuff but they never once came to ours, even though we were in front. Bummer.Also, if you're not in a big group, get ready to probably be seated near a bunch of crazy women in bitchy heat. There's something about these kinds of shows that makes women territorial and weird. The girl in front of me kept pointing to the guys and saying, "That one's mine! That one's mine!" I understand she's just having fun but it got kind of tiring and uncomfortable after a while, considering it's a group show and at that point, the men belonged to everyone in the audience. :) It was cool to see some of the women on stage getting touch the boy's butts as they gave them lap dances - I was happy for them, but still, I wish we had gotten more action at our table, considering what we payed for. At the end in order to get pictures with the boys you had to pay an extra 20 dollars per person. What a rip, considering what we already payed! I think VIP tickets should come with a friggin' photo. We did it but the picture came out terrible, as they didn't tell us when they were snapping it, and we weren't allowed to have a re-do.I almost gave this two stars just because of what little was given to us for the price, although I recommend it for big groups of straight women who want to have some crazy fun, and I say big groups just so you can be surrounded by your friends screaming their heads off, and not strangers. And you're also REALLY CLOSE together - if you're claustrophobic or dont like being really close to other people, skip this. And don't get VIP, it's a waste of money. The theatre is small and regular seats have just as good a view.The guys did some dancing with cute costumes although half of them couldn't dance, you forgave them. :) Although sometimes the dances went on too long and all you wanted was for them to take their clothes off. Lots of butt wiggling, but no penises, ladies! Although some of you might not want to see junk and if thats the case then this is your show. We came out kind of the theatre kind of stunned, and the men themselves were quite the sight. But still really wish we could have gotten what we paid for.
4	Do it. DO IT!This is a great show for any occasion- and if you are the kind who wants to take their guy to it, you can. I have seen it.These guys are pretty cool, and do some really funny stunts. The best part, though, is when they take a girl up on stage! You really should get your friends to do it. Seating is hit and miss- with the best seats, obviously, being in the front, not the back part of the room. You might get someone in front of you who's head takes up all the dang space, and you might have to lean to see. It gets cramped, so be aware of it.
5	I think any man could be a member of the Thunder from Down Under... As long as they can do a wicked pelvic thrust and don't mind grown women grabbing their backside. Yes, I'll admit it... I went to see the Thunder from Down Under last Thursday night. I think every woman should see a show like this when in Vegas. These guys know how to make women lust over them and have a great time away from their significant others. And for single girls like me, they give us the male attention we've been missing... Yes the show was cheesy, but it's a must see when in Vegas. The show is even educational. I learned the difference between a French kiss and an Australian kiss.... An Australian kiss is just like a French kiss, but they do it down under!!So ladies, grab your favorite gals and book tickets to see this show.
5	Bachelorette party MUST! The guys are fun and the servers are quick with the drinks. It's $20 per person to take pictures with them after so bring cash. They'll pick you up or let you sit on their lap or just stand there and smile. Super fun!
1	Although I didn't think Thunder From Down Under would really be my thing, I'm not the type who can spend a long time just looking at a man's body and call it a good time, but I figured it was a girls trip to Vegas and who knows, maybe I would actually like it more than I thought--especially since I most likely would have had a few. When we bought the tickets, the show was for 11 p.m., the last show of the night, and we were told to get there at 10:30 to get your seats and whatnot. We did this but that was apparently pointless because the doors didn't even open until after 11 p.m. for us to go in and get seated. Whatever, this happens, no big deal, let's see what these men can do! The show starts, I was confused as to why I thought I heard these men were suppose to be great dancers, because they were all off beat from each other and half of them looked like they kept forgetting the next step...that's ok, let's be real, we didn't buy the tickets to see some spectacular dancing.  As the show progressed, I did find the cheesy dance moves to be quite comical, but was having a good time nonetheless. They called three girls from the audience to go up for a "who can fake the best orgasm" competition. After the girls finished moaning and groaning, that's when it went down hill and I lost a little hope for man kind. The audience voted who sadly had the most experience faking it because they were just that good, the host started to give out the prizes and he was interrupted by a shout from the audience, "CALL 911!"  We all look over to where the shouts were coming from and there is a woman lying on the floor having a seizure.  The flashing strobe lights and heavy bass music triggered something in this woman and she was having a seizure in the dark, compact room.  The host shouts to turn the lights on and shouts for them to get a medic.  Luckily there was at least one nurse that I know of for sure in the room that was able to run to help.  People, if you are not a medical professional and someone is having an emergency like that DO NOT RUN TO THEM AND CROWD ALL AROUND THEM.  If you don't know what to do to help the person, let someone who does have room to get to them! Anyways, back to the host.  I kid you not, the woman is still on the ground seizing, the medics have not gotten there yet, and they turned off the lights and continued the show?! Really, do we have no concern for another human being? I don't think that anyone would have been upset if they would have stopped the show until the medics came and safely wheeled her out.  By all means, when she's safely being taken to the hospital, let the men continue to wiggle!  The medics arrived and the woman is still lying on the ground seizing, and they can barely see to help her! Why? Because the host is too busy cracking jokes on stage.  Can't get much worse than that, right? WRONG! How about we bring back the strobing lights and strong bass, just to make sure she's really in trouble and having a real seizure. All I know is that I was not watching the men on stage dancing, my eyes were glued onto the woman to make sure she was alright. My friend and I were livid at this point, is making sure a show as important as Thunder from Down Under continued more important than a person's life and safety? The host walked by our table and I just looked at him with a "Are you kidding me right now?" look and she just dumbfoundedly shrugged his shoulders. That was when my friend and I got up and walked out.  I would not be a part of such a disgusting disregard for another human being.  I don't care that I paid over $50 for those tickets and only saw about 20 minutes of the show, I wasn't going to stay for another minute. Take my money, that's obviously the only important thing to you. They should be ashamed of themselves. I heard that more people left after we did, also fully disgusted with the way that situation was handled. I was told that finally the manager was yelled at enough that they stopped the show and finally go the woman safely out, and their excuse was, "well, nothing like this has ever happened before." I don't care if it's never happened before! Caring about the safety of a human being isn't something you should have to learn from multiple experiences. Maybe their may have been some people in the audience who would have been mad if they would have stopped the show in the beginning for a bit to make sure the woman was safe, but they wouldn't have complained because they would have known they were indecent human beings, and if they did complain they definitely would have heard it from everyone else who just wanted to make sure this poor woman was safe. The fact that they continued the show with flashing lights and strong bass music while she was going through a seizure, man, that woman who I really hope made it through, may have just got herself a new show, or if she didn't her family may have just gotten themselves a new hotel because it has lawsuit written all over it.
3	This was apart of our girls getaway to Vegas. I am totally not into male strippers at all, but I had a really good time. My favorites are Aiden and the host (don't remember his name). Good show for girls who want to have fun.
5	Went here over Memorial day weekend for my bachelorette and we had soooooo much fun!! it was awesome and and we all said we'd do it again in a heartbeat :)Those blokes are hott!!!!
3	If you've seen Magic Mike then you know what to expect at this show. Yes, it's super cheesy. It's more like a farce of sex/sexuality than anything else so don't feel threatened husbands, boyfriends, etc. At least the dancers looked like they were having a good time.However, there were some surprises in store - the guys were very beefy, like weight lifters more than lean sportsmen - the guys were much older than expected, if there were any young 20-somethings they sure hid it well - the girls in the audience really get into it, just like the movies there's lots of screaming, hooting and hollering - some parts are a bit slow and I got bored, probably my fault for not drinking more - at the end the MC does his dance (just like in Magic Mike) but it went much further than the other dancers, groping the woman's boobs and having her put her hands down his pants to rub his penis (not kidding!), very gross, I hoped she poured Purell over herself afterwardsAs a classic bachelorette event it's hard to beat but once is enough for me. BTW, at the end you can get your picture taken with the dancers but it's $20 per person - yes, that's right - $20 per person NOT per photo.Also the theater isn't very big and they do pull audience members onto the stage from the back so I don't think it's worth it to pay extra to get front row tickets. Unless you want to be able to grope the dancers as they strut the tables (they only jump on the tables near the stage).
4	Came here on a bachelorette trip for a friend. If you're coming for the same reason, you HAVE to go. It's great entertainment, lots of fun, and very interactive (esp. for the bride-to-be's). Sure some of the dance moves are a little cheesy, but the guys are great to look at, have humor in their acts, and really get the crowd going. On our group of friends, we had wild friends to very tame shy friends (who almost didn't want to go), and everyone had a good time. Tip - sit in sections A and B to get more in on the action, and even more so if you pick the tables the middle of each of those sections. ;)
5	This was the first show I bought tickets for after buying my plane ticket to Vegas since I'm a bit of a "stripper enthusiast".  There is way more themed dancing skits than I expected, but it was a great show nonetheless.  You know, the typical business man skit, then the fireman, and the pirate theme dance skit was actually pretty funny because why would pirates be sexy?  It definitely made me think of the dance scenes in that horrible movie Magic Mike because some of the dancers were not as coordinated as others.  However, the guys looked like they were really enjoying themselves on stage and rather playful and joked around with each other, so that made watching even more enjoyable.Like others have said, there isn't a bad seat in the place.  It's actually a pretty small venue.  That is unless you're sitting behind someone with a big head, with big hair, or someone who is too drunk to stay sitting down so people behind her can see.  That actually happened to me, but someone at my table told the girls to stay sitting down because we didn't pay to have to stand up during the 2 hour show, which they did.  The dancers do run all up and through the crowd.  We were seated towards the back and still got to touch dancers' muscles (and other "thangs") and get hugs.  Of course, those sitting right on the stage get the most attention but they also got wet when one dancer (Matthew) decided he would pour a lady's beer over his head and whip his hair back and forth.Yes, pictures with the guys at the end of the show are $20, but it's $20 per PICTURE not per person as some reviewers have stated.  But the dancer collecting the money seems to assume that each girl in the picture will want their own copy...and why wouldn't she???  The guys are all so gorgeously, deliciously, sexy.  Besides you would spend more theoretically at a female strip club and you get no pictures, so it balances out in my opinion...just sayin'.If you don't care where you sit, I recommend buying your ticket through a site called "Goldstar" because the prices are discounted.  Also I recommend checking in with Yelp when you get there.  I got a free mouse pad with my check-in.  And we got free entrance into LAX inside Luxor while standing in line to get into the show, so all we did was win this night.In case you can't tell, I would go again in a heart beat.
5	We celebrated my friend's 21st birthday, the tickets came in our Night School for Girls package! We got a great group deal, so we all could afford it and I glad all my friends could be there. We weren't sure about going to a male review because we are a little shy but after a few cocktails and a pole dancing class we were feeling more confident. We had great sits in the center, and the guys even came on our table! Who doesn't love an ozzy accent
4	I went through tons of reviews and couldn't find anything helpful about where to sit, so let me focus on that for a minute.  The very front row is tables 1 through 8 and they are more expensive and considered VIP for no other reason than because they are the first row.  You won't get any interaction with the guys AT ALL.  I think all of us in the first row were disappointed that we had paid more and the guys always went to the tables behind us.My sister-in-law and I were at table 8, seats 1 and 2 (1 and 2 are the front seats at the table) and the only time a guy came to the front row was when he stood on table 7 and poured beer all over himself.  This may have been exciting for everyone in the audience but not for those of us at tables 6, 7, and 8, who had to turn away to not get beer in our faces but it still got all over our hair and clothes.  Thankfully a worker gave us towels. (The beer was planted.  We saw a worker place it there beforehand, so don't worry that your drink will be wasted!)The theater is tiny, about the size of two classrooms, so even if you are in the last row, you are still very close.  Behind the VIP tables is the next row and this is where you SHOULD sit, tables 9-15. They guys were always going in that area.  Behind this is the back row which wraps around to the sides of the theater.  Sitting here is also better than VIP because they got lots of interaction too.  The show itself was lots of fun.  The guys certainly aren't the best dancers but they are very nice to look at!  They dressed in costumes and striped them off to only thongs.  They never showed the naked front but always turned around and showed their naked butts. They pulled a grandma on stage which was hilarious and also, three ladies were chosen to participate in a fake orgasm contest.  I read that if you want to be selected for these things to wear a sash or veil, but only one girl with a veil was chosen to go on stage.After the show a sofa was brought out on stage and ladies lined up for a picture with them for $20 each.  Also, I don't know if this happened to everyone who attended the show, but my sister-in-law and I were stamped on our wrists on our way into the show for free entrance to LAX night club and free drinks until 12.  It's easy to get to using the indoor walkway.  We showed up after the show and pretty much had the dance floor to ourselves and they give you free vodka cranberries.  After midnight it was so crowded you couldn't even dance so we left.Anyway, it was a fun show and I'd recommend it for a girls night but just remember not to sit in VIP (first 8 tables) because there is NO interaction with the guys.
4	Not! the best show I have attended but OKAY! The dancers really put an effort to there job and really look like they enjoy there performances.I purchased 8 tickets for my friends bridal shower and her guests. So the show can be a starter of the night and hoping it would be a night that she will always remember. I though that we would a least get good seating since I booked ahead NOPE! Besides, having the show be really cheesy and super played out we still had fun. The dancers were good looking and It kinda reminded me of that movie "Magic Mike".  Nothing to special or too crazy.Just a note: Pictures at the end will still cost you.
5	SO that was fun....lol- I touched a butt, but he was asking for it. That's what happens when you parade around me in a thong after 5 jello shots. - Love that the old lady touched the guy's dong through his pants.-Doesn't matter where you sit, the view is glorious from all angles.-Takes a while to get drinks so drink up before you go!-More humping the audience than I thought which is a plus.-If you want to know what it's like, watch "Magic Mike." However, there's no awesome Channing Tatum to dance for you at Thunder. You'll have to settle for overused dance moves and cheesey music, but it's GREAT!!! -They should wear less clothes, they were overdressed at times. Like, why do you need pants to put out a fire? Really guys, the clothes are just gunna get in the way.
2	Check to see how you get your special girl a little extra treatment. I had $50.00 in my hand and was waving it around to try and get one of the guys to come over to my friend, but that didn't help at all. They focus on brides to be. So it might be a good choice if your friend is getting married, but call and check ahead of time, and make sure to sport one of those shoulder sashes across her! The guys are all good looking, there's no doubt about that. But whatever you do, DO NOT PULL YOUR PHONE OUT! I just tried to text my friend and some bouncer chick came over to me and made me move to the back of my table because I wasn't in the "right" seat. Well we had two tables and I didn't argue. But needless to say, this didn't add to my enjoyment at this establishment. You might want to check out some other shows in town before going to this one.
5	Saw this show with my 2 girl friends during a group family trip to Vegas. So glad that we decided on this show because it was so much fun! The guys in this group are hotter than the group of Thunder guys back in 2006.
5	Got tickets from Tix4tonight for tickets on the same day of the show... they seat you based on 1st come 1st served unless you upgraded & paid more $$ to be in the VIP sections.Had so much fun here, the show is kinda cheesy but it's all clean fun with HOT HOT guys! =)The guys here are HOT HOT HOT!! =) +1I like the way the stage is setup here..not only is it the front stage but there's a part of the stage where they can walk out into the audience more. +1The guys interacted with the audience a LOT LOT more than at Chippendale. +1If you want to sit closer to the stage or in the middle of the seating area, you have to pay more for those seats. =(The main guys knew how to dance but the ones at the end of the line were just there for eye candy; that's just fine with me.. =) +1Great for bachelorette parties/ just girlie get togethers =)FYI: check in on Yelp App for some kool freebies ;)
4	SHOWThe show is really fun and if you are going with a group of rowdy screaming women, even better. The dancing is ... eh..but that's kind of the fun of it. HOTNESSSuper !!!!! We all had our favorites. PULLING YOU UP ON STAGENot sure if they target certain people beforehand, but some of the brides got some extra treatment. They may have the most support from their crowd, so that might help get the guys' attention. Bachelorettes, put your brides within easy access of the fellows [along the walking paths and up front] for more attention.
2	The show was as expected- partially nude glistening men. The drinks were great and surprisingly affordable. A perfect night for those bachelorettes. Two stars because the young "lady" who took our tickets at the door had a terrible attitude. It didn't ruin our night, I put the incident behind me and waited to vent on Yelp :) We asked if we had a table-she snorted that the whole theater was tables- very helpful, thanks. The attitude and comments continued for a few minutes until another woman escorted us away from her. I get it, she deals with rather annoying women on a nightly basis. But it's expected- don't apply for the job! Since this is Vegas and there are other male shows I will recommend others because of her. Too bad because those men really work it hard to have a greeter tarnish their review.
4	Watching a Thunder from Down Under show for the first time feels like an initiation.  Like discovering a secret place where it's socially acceptable for everyday women to completely lose their minds.I was planning on staying coherent enough to write an anthropological study on this phenomenon, but it was too powerful even for me.  Before I knew it, I, too, was screaming giddily and spilling my vodka cranberry on the poor lady next to me.In my addled state of mind, I couldn't tell you too many details about the show itself.  It's basically a mix of acts.  Group dances, one-person dances, bits where the host calls people on stage.  The dances usually end with a random audience member chosen and brought up on stage for some very classy second-base fondling.  The music and costumes are gloriously cheesy ("Save a Horse, Ride a Cowboy," natch).  The performers don't stick to the stage, so don't be surprised if a sweaty buff man in kneepads jumps up onto your table and gyrates his speedo in your face.  I mean, maybe that doesn't surprise you anyway, but just a heads-up.Though I didn't find the show particularly titillating, the big emotional impact came from being surrounded by a vortex of screaming women and from being in close proximity to really hot, shirtless guys.  There was also the mixture of abject horror and fascination that came with watching a grandmother who looked like Mrs. Doubtfire eagerly reaching into a guy's leather pants and stroking him.  I don't know about you, but that's not something I get to see every day.  If you go with a group of your spunkiest friends, the fun increases exponentially.  I recommend that you get liquored up beforehand, as the drinks in the theater are overpriced and a bit slow in coming (like your mum).     There's no stuffing of cash into G-strings, but the performers take photos after the show for $20 (cash).  You should do this, because you are creepy like me. The shirtless guy taking my money: What's your name?  Me: Rebecca.Shirtless guy: Oh.  That's Bicky.  We'd call you Bicky in Australia.Me: Yes.  Yes, sir.Shirtless guy: (leading me to the sofa) Everyone, this is Bicky.Then followed an odd moment when I realized just how incredibly sweaty these men get.  They pulled me down on their laps (I swear) and they were soaked.  I almost slid off.  There were towels piled under the sofa.  Luckily I know the butterfly stroke and was able to get out of there.  P.S.  The current performers are a lot better-looking than the ones on the posters and promotional materials, some of which look to be from 1998.  Don't worry, ladies.  The new ones look nothing like the curly-haired guy from Color Me Badd.
3	we went here last month for a bachelorette party. it was all in good fun. funny to watch all the ladies reactions and older ladies getting all crazy and then to watch the cheesy routines. the guys danced pretty good individually. but i was a little disappointed when they did their group routines. they seemed like they were half-assing it and needed more practice. i liked Hollywood Men better in LA. i would probably preparty before, because drinks are expensive. you also dont want to put anything on top of the tables because they sometimes jump up on the tables and one of the guys poured a drink all over himself. the guys ran through the audience and stopped and hugged some brides-to be along the way. you can also take a pic with some of the guys afterwards for $20 per person in your group. it was nice because they make a copy of the picture enough for each person in your group. the guys were really nice and friendly :) next week... chippendales! review to come :)
2	It was boring! Sorry guys, you're pretty but this is the most boring show I've been to in Las Vegas. There were some cute and funny parts, but overall it was a bore and a lot of it was terrible dancing in clothing!Be prepared to be treated very poorly by the staff, they are absolutely horrible, all of them. If you're part of a bachelorette party and wasted then this might be the show for you. Don't sit in the back, you'll be completely ignored. Make sure they know you're a bachelorette though or you will also be ignored.Pre-game since crappy and small drinks are $10 a pop. Honestly, Zumanity is much more erotic and is immensely entertaining. I would recommend that over this "show" any day. I'm sorry I didn't go see that again instead.Overall I was one very disappointed lady at the end of the night. I had more fun gambling at the penny slots, it was much less expensive too.
5	This was our very first time at a male revue and we had a blast! The crowd was enthusiastic, the dancers were on fire and the show was, overall, cheesy, good, clean fun!I thought I was going to die when I was pulled onstage! (especially since I was sober) The boys come down looking for victims...be warned, if you try to avoid eye contact and shrink away in an effort to not get picked (like I did) they will come and find you! My girls freaked out, in a good way, and I did my best not to die of embarrassment. But it was just all pretend, so there was no harm done, and my dancer was super-sweet, checked in with me to make sure I was ok (maybe he thought I was going to faint or something) and gave me a nice compliment before he walked me off the stage. :)We laughed the entire hour and you also have the option to take photographs with the guys after. Super hot! I wouldn't turn a single one down. We didn't have time, however, and took off. Honestly, if I come back to Vegas, I wouldn't mind going for round 2...just as long as it's not me onstage again...lol!
5	Ladies and [some willing] Gentlemen! Get ready to have a rollicking good time! Hot bods, pretty faces, and a lot of whoops and laughter! Very interactive and a total crowd-pleaser. The show itself could use some tweaks and improvements, but, from what I could see and hear around me while it was going on, all the drunken, rowdy bachelorettes and their menagerie of rowdy, drunken friends would disagree. Overall, thanks to the insane positivity in the (mostly female) crowd, I would say that Thunder From Down Under is an awesome way to spend one of your nights in Vegas.
4	I have to take a star away after seeing the show again recently.  The guys in the tour group were in town (Vegas) and performed the night I went.  The caliber of talent they possess is not as high as the Las Vegas cast of performers.  There are a couple of tour guys who are decent dancers but as a whole they are just not very good nor in sync with their steps.  One guy even seemed to be a whole count or two ahead of the others!  I think he's new to the show, but it was glaringly obvious that he did not know the routine very well at all.  There was also something about their  dances for the women they brought on stage that seemed to be "off." They would get a pass on the dancing if they at least looks-wise tickled my fancy but none of them did.  One guy seemed to have a bit of a belly and was lacking muscle tone, and a couple of them had thinning hair/receding hairlines.  Another couple had hair on the longer side (though not down the back or anything) and I just don't find long hair on men attractive.  Short and clean-shaven is my preference.Still, the women in the crowd were definitely enjoying the men and the show.  You don't go to these shows taking it or yourself too seriously.  With some alcohol and the company of close friends (as well as men taking off their clothes lol) I can understand how none of those things I just mentioned would matter to many women (or men).  Also, what one person doesn't find attractive another one does.   But all that stuff matters to me and what made me a fan - a good, polished show with some standout performers and some pretty nice eye candy  in my eyes at least - just seemed to be lacking on this most recent visit.  Really wish they could have had a more balanced number of main Vegas cast and tour guys!
5	Amazing Show!!! Very Sexy!! Took my mom for her 60th birthday we had a lot of fun!! The men were great and the entire atmosphere was so much fun!! I recommend it for any occasion!! I am sooo coming back because it was perfect!!  And it's really not that expensive for the quality of the show!! It's worth the money and the guys defiantly know what they are doing!!
5	This was the first show of this kind that I have ever attended & it was a blast! My girlfriends and I got such a kick out of the guys. They all had great moves, amazing bodies and not to mention hot Aussie accents ;) It was very interactive where they jumped up on everyone's tables and took girls on stage, some of them willing and some not so much! The guys are available to take photos & sign autographs after the show for extra. We got a free poster for checking into Yelp.
4	I hear thunder...from down UNDER! Sadly, I had never heard of this exotic show until my friends told me about it. I have been to a Chippendales show in Vegas before, so I assumed this one would be very similar. I was wrong though, this show had more playful acts involving more dancing! The song selection was dead on! However, some of these Aussie boys weren't so attractive. They had great, chiseled bodies, but only a few had cute faces. If I am paying a good amount of money, it has to be worth it. On the other hand, I was expecting to walk into a big theater upon arriving, but this place was very small. When I saw Chippendales at the Rio in Vegas, they had a balcony. If I do ever watch this show again, I will pay the general ticket price and forget about VIP.
4	Came here for a bachelorette party and this was an amazing fun time!!!!  We were at table 24/25 and it was a pretty decent view.  We were in the middle so that was totally fine!!  These Australian men were HOT HOT HOT!!  It is pretty funny because they seriously could not dance but you definitely could not keep your eyes off of them.  They interacted with the audience a lot.  They grabbed a few bachelorettes to get on the stage and definitely did their business by grinding on you and shaking their junk in your face!!  The best part about it was my friend got picked and there was a competition between 3 girls.  Ready to hear what they had to do???  They had to make the best "ORGASM" sound....in front of the entire audience!!  My friend went last and of course, she had the best sound and "movements" as well!!  The other girls won little gift bags and my friend also got a gift bag and 2 pictures with the hotties at the end of the show!  (usually cost $$ to get pictures with them)They went in the audience alot and hugged girls!  i poked one of the guys butt!  my friend kept slapping another guys but and then he bent her over and slapped her butt!!! omg hilarious!!One of the best moments of the night was when the host did the routine in Magic Mike and pulled someone from the audience.....a GRANDMA!  She was all game and pretty much had the guy get up all in her business.  She even stuck her hand down there to grab ....well you know... :) Towards the end of the show with 5 minutes left, my friend went on stage and they showed the audience what kinds of pictures they can pose with the guys!  She did two poses (one normal one) and a second pose if you were to send it to your ex boyfriend (everyone flipping off the camera)Overall, amazing time!!!!!  I can now cross this off my bucket list!!  NOTE:-to get on stage, where a tiara/boa/sash....etc.-throughout the show, the picked about 8 girls-75 minute show-definitely will laugh your ass off!-bar available to purchase drinks
2	Boring! The music was so loud your brain vibrated. The guys couldn't dance, amateurs and not good looking! The pranks were old and the show stale.
4	Our bachelorette party then crossed the Boulevard to...Thunder from Down Under. Where we sat in the VIP section, tables slightly angled...and watched the men thunder with their down unders, and drank our 7 & 7s. It was exactly what I expected it to be: dancing men with hoops and whips...wait, no that's a circus... well, not too much different. Nice bodies, not-bad faces, and great, great humor. The songs were pop and predictable - but anyone who goes here expecting a surprise and something different than what the program sells, then, my friend you'll be disappointed. I loved it - I thought it was fun, silly, and a great freaking time. The guys reacted to the genuineness of the smiles and good times, making them give you that in return. They know what they're doing - and that's exactly why you should go - they're giving you a good time.
5	Such a fun show.  Rowdy crowd, sexy Australians- overall a great time in Vegas.  Make sure to check in on Yelp for your free poster!
5	Took my sister here for her bachelorette party and I can safely say it was a hit all around!Tickets were about $80 but they do have deals so shop aroundAll the guys had amazing bodies and for the most part lovely dance moves which made the show that much more enticing.We got seats in the back because my sister didn't really want attention from the boys. However, they do make their way around the room making no one COMPLETELY safe from a little bump and grind. OverallI highly recommend it for any girls trip. I think it's a perfect beginning to any night.TipDon't be afraid to scream and shout!
5	My friend and I decided to do this on our latest trip to Vegas. I was glad we did. We purchased seats in the VIP area and got to sit at table 2 seats 1&2. The guys are hot and they really know how to entertain the ladies! They had choreographed dances and I love the songs that they used in the show. They came off stage often but mostly showed love to people on the left side of the stage. We sat on the right side. My only complaint about it was that the girls that were sitting at our table were so boring!! They wouldn't cheer or clap or scream or anything. Frankly I wondered what they were doing there. At least the guys could tell my friend and I weren't boring because they showed my friend and I lots of love when they came to our side ;) at the end of the show, you can take pictures with the guys for $20. One tip I have is to take cash if you plan to take the picture. They do not accept credit card. Overall, great experience. Would do this again in a heartbeat. Would love to bring my grandmother, my aunt and mother to this!!
2	I went based on the reviews and found the show to be boring. Some of the men are hot, most not so much. The guys cater to the audience. They interact with numerous ladies in the audience and make sure to include them, which is great. But the effort that the men put into the dances onstage was lacking. I felt that  the costumes and dances were cheesy and the show was not worth the amount of money that we paid. The guys didn't seem into it, and the overall creativity and organization of the show was terrible. Had a much better time watching Jabbawockeez. It was also a little too short time-wise. The drink service was terrible, with only two waitresses for the entire audience. No food available, the bar was disorganized. My friend saw "Fantasy" and said that it was much more creative and that the women showed way more effort and interest in the show that they were doing (surprise, surprise). TDU is a crowd-pleasing show for most of the women and definitely one of those "out with the ladies" type thing, but I wouldn't pay to go again.
4	If you have never been to a strip club it is nice. To much clothing for a strip show. Personally I love hollywood men so much better. The guys at Thunder from down under are nothing like the advertising.  Gave it 4 stars because it is nice if you never seen a strip show before. I guess when you go to a real strip club the shows just aren't the same. Hollywood Men is more personal and you get lap dances at the end. Just my preference.
5	This was a girls night out.  We enjoyed it immensely.  How could we complain when we got to oggle 8 hot Aussies up close for almost 90 minutes.  I screamed and hollered the entire time that my throat hurt the next day.  But it's all soooo worth it.  Our VIP tickets got us the first row to the left of the stage where the guys ran up and down.  Their show was fun and entertaining.  The MC was funny.  He's also in great shape so that's a plus.  I bet he was an ex dancer.  This is not like strip clubs where you wave dollar bills around  Although I wouldn't mind stuffing 1 dollar bills in their thong.  It's too bad that I only got to grab their asses.  At the end of the show, the women lined up to get their pictures taken with the dancers.  They charged $20/person.  If you and your friend take a picture with them together, that's $40.  I'd rather take one by myself w/ the guys.  No Sharing for me!
4	I saw this show over NYE a couple years ago with a gal-pal. As far as male dance shows... and I've seen plenty in Vegas, I liked the other ones better. The music and dancing here didn't seem as good as Chippendales. I did have a blast though! If you know you are in for some cheesy fun, then there is no problem... just don't expect a high class production show. The guys have nice bodies. Singing was not bad and the dancing, well, hot guys shirtless... who cares how well they dance! LOL. This show is somewhat hands-on. The guys do come down from the stage running around to the different tables and interacting with various women. It was fun!After the show, you can get free entry into LAX, a nightclub at Luxor, which honestly isn't worth the visit. You can also meet the guys after the show and take pictures with them in the bar area.
5	SO SO SO FUN! Best night we had in Vegas started with this show. It's a must see for the ladies. Single or not!! Don't buy full price tickets. We got our tickets for almost half the price in front of Planet Hollywood.
5	3 of us mom's took our 3 daughters for their 21st birthday and we had a blast! We actually lucked out because I called just 2 weeks ahead and they had an empty booth that just fit 6 people...they said normally people book months in advance.  Anyway it wasn't too over the top that mom's with their daughters couldn't enjoy and was a once in a lifetime (my daughter only turns 21 once) opportunity for fun memories.  A little expensive but worth it, fun time had by all!
4	Went to the show last night for a bachelorette party. It's my second time and it was just as good as the first time I saw them! Some of the guys look kinda old but they ALL have hot bods and are great entertainers!! Great music, dancing and an overall interactive performance! It's a male revue so no full stripping but it gets pretty close! I screamed so much I lost my voice :) Highly recommend it for a fun-filled and memorable ladies outing in Vegas!
4	I've seen Chippendales and Thunder From Down Under each one time, two years apart, so obviously I'm an expert about this kind of entertainment :-) Of the two, I found Thunder to be much more entertaining. The men are hunkier - more manly-looking, not so many ultra-pretty faces, but very impressive, muscular bodies. The guys also seemed much friendlier with the audience, and the audience was much smaller, which was fun. They were also pretty good dancers, unlike Chippendales, who I could see counting off the steps in their heads as they danced. Thunder even had some guys who could do impressive acrobatic stunts. There's no full-frontal nudity, but there were plenty of cute tushes.  Also, this show is on the stip. Chippendales isn't. So I'd say this is the better choice if you are deciding between the two.
2	Hmmm, I'm not sure how I feel about this. At the end of the day, I suppose I was entertained, but mostly because we entertained ourselves. The show feels, how do I put this...stale? The guys went through the motions and did their jobs, but it felt like just that- work. Some were more charismatic than others, but the whole thing really lacked energy. It was also strange that they essentially ignored one side of the room and focused on the other side, to the extent that we felt kind of cheated. All in all, I wish we'd gone to Chippendales. At least the lead singer there is actually a good singer. None of the guys in this show are really good at anything. The 'dancing' is laughable at best (seriously, there were quite a few who were nowhere near the beat) and there was a lot of fog on stage to create atmosphere, I guess. It didn't work.I'm pretty sure we won't be back and I won't recommend it. There are far better ways to lose money in Vegas.
3	I went to the show last Thursday night and it was fun! We went on a Thursday night and figured maybe not as much bachelorettes, yeah right. The dancing was hilarious, but we aren't judging a dance show. The guys were hot and the host was hilarious! A very fun time, but way too many bachelorettes!! Their parties were super annoying, but decently priced drinks. Also the seat prices weren't badly priced either. The show is only about an hour and 10 minutes maybe, good timing to go to a club afterward. I just wish there was dancing and more interaction with the audience. FYI, Excalibur is super under construction! We had to keep walking around because of the construction after the show.
1	Hmmmm well they just "moved" around and didn't dance much. The waitresses were slow and the staff was rude. I've seen better for sure.
4	I went with some friends for the first time, not expecting it to be wonderful but just something kind of fun and trashy to do in Vegas.First, book ahead of time if you can. We booked our seats about a week out and there weren't many seats left to choose from. Second, while there isn't really a bad seat in the house, if you are in the back or on the sides expect to be ignored. The guys came off the stage and danced and did stuff with girls but only in the middle section. We were in no-mans-land on the side. :( That felt kind of crappy. They should at least dance around the back too.Third, get a picture after but expect to pay a lot. The gift shop is WAY overpriced, too.The jello shots are fun and the guys are SUPER HOT. They do not disappoint. Overall it was a really fun show!
5	It doesn't matter if you're male or female, straight or gay, these guys and their crew know how to turn your trip to Vegas into a FANTASTIC time!  The tour group as well!!! Having been to more then 40 shows now.... yeeeaaah they're THAT good
4	We were here for a bachelorette party and it was perfect entertainment for the occasion. She had a blast and they were very entertaining. The venue is run down and it took awhile to get drinks ordered. They didn't offer opening a tab so I guess that's not an option. Fun time, great for a group of girls.
4	On our last night in Vegas we decided to see Thunder from Down Under.  It was in our hotel, so it was very convenient to pre-game (had to have a few drinks in you to really let loose and enjoy the show) and get there for show time.  If you plan to get drinks inside make sure you set aside enough time, as the bar line is long and, at least at our table, we didn't have a server.  The show itself was fun, a bit silly, but just let yourself laugh and enjoy yourself (like I said, a few drinks help) and it's a good time.  My only complaints were that the ONE male in the audience was seated right in front of us (really?!) and him and his wife (older couple) didn't seem to know what they got themselves into and left halfway through.  Thank goodness, since his wife's hair was so big I couldn't see past it.  If you're looking to get pulled on stage wear something to stand out.  Most people pulled were birthday or bachelorette girls, but my friend got pulled on stage since her highlighter orange dress was bright enough to be seen from stage.  If you want to know more details about what could happen on stage, read some other reviews.  If you don't want to know the details, be careful when skimming the reviews! (I was glad to hear the details ahead of time)I'd go back if I was in Vegas, staying there/near there, and friends wanted to go.  Not in a rush to return but wouldn't say no to going again.  And don't forget to check in so you get a free poster :)
3	Obviously you're coming here for a friends 21st or bachelorette party so half naked men surrounded by women is NEVER a bad idea. Although, if you're expecting a GREATchoreographed show of men dancing and stripping.... Sorry to say it was a bit disappointing. The men had NO RYTHYM whatsoever :/ I actually felt bad at some points on how off course some guys were. Given the women are more concerned with the half naked men.... I was ALSO looking forward to the entertainment aspect of it. I figured, I'm paying $70 for a show it has to be a bit more than mediocre. But alas, I was let down :/ They did great with interaction with the crowd. Two of my girls got lap dances!' (What are the chances!?) lolAll in all, not 100% what I expected, but definitely a one time show you should try!
5	Love this show!  I watched this show at Excalibur during my vaca at Vegas.  My friend is a local so I got 50% off the regular price.  We got to sit in the front middle section and some of the performers were on top of the our table as they completed their routines.  They do allow touching and you do not throw your dollars at them.  Some men had their solo acts, but not all of them.  I do admit that some of the men should retire as I can see their wrinkles, but overall, it was a great show.  It is a must to see this show if you are in Vegas and if you are having a night out with the girls.  After the show, you get to take pictures with them and it's $20/person.  I think it's totally worth it.  We sat at the bar right outside of the showroom and had a few drinks.  Performers came out and signed autographs and even took pictures with the ladies.  I have to say AIDEN is my favorite!  He is so HOT!!!!!  I already told my friends that I wannna go back to watch this show if I ever get married again!  Enjoy watching these Australian men shaking their booties!
3	One word to describe this famous show: Freaking HILARIOUS. Ok, two words.Don't get me wrong, these guys are hunky and attractive, but for some reason I could not stop myself from cracking up the entire time. I really want to give this 4 stars, because I thoroughly enjoyed myself but there are few things that threw me off. First off, this being my first real Vegas show, I was quite disappointed with the venue. It was in the rather grungy, dated Excalibur Hotel. Because of that, you can imagine that the performance venue was just as dingy, relatively small and not well kept. It was much smaller than I expected as well. Additionally, the show lasted about an hour and a half which seemed pretty short considering the $70 ticket (including service charge online).The show itself kept me entertained, and I loved the music variety and hot dance moves. Don't bet on any nudity. This is Vegas, but it was still pretty tame. Still, the last act surely was a heck of a way to go out and it had me laughing all the way back to our hotel. I also liked that the cocktail waitress checked on us throughout to make sure we were assisted. The $20 charge for after show pictures wasn't worth it especially considering my guy didn't smile or look at the camera in his. But on the bright side, you do you score a poster (LOL) for checking in on Yelp. Who knew?
5	I was here last night for my bachelorette party and I had such a good experience! The guys are super hot and will definitely show you a good time. He there a little early because women are lining up real early (idk why, there were assigned seating). The show itself was great...my maid of honor went to one in Atlantic City, NJ and said this place was much more classy. The guys didn't strip like it was a strip club, it was a good performance of winding up the guests and then stripping ( if that makes sense?). They really interact with the guests as much as possible and wile up the women. I got pulled on stage and let me tell you, they do some dirty awesome things to you! You better be a good sport about the things they do to you if you're up on stage, otherwise you wouldn't enjoy the show. There's no 'singles' needed for this place cuz like I said, it's not a strip club. I've never been to the chippendales one, but have heard good things about both, I just decided to choose Thunder From Down Under because of yelp reviews and all the men are from Australia, which makes them 10x hotter!I highly suggest this place to all the bachelorettes because you will definitely not be disappointed!!
5	The show was amazing and the guys we're super hot! I wasn't worried about the dance routines or their moves whatsoever. It was fun, light hearted and all around a great time. The guys smiled so much and seemed to really enjoy what they do so that was nice too!
3	I've seen the show twice now with different friends and it's an enjoyable show. The host makes a point to welcome gentlemen,I thought that was nice. The dancers don't spend much time in the audience , it's not a strip club and it shows.I enjoy the dancing and music the only thing that prevents me from giving five stars is the dancers spend far too much time wearing costumes with the occasional flash of their chest (and less occasionally they flash more)There is a bar outside the show room with male go go dancers that wear sexy underwear, its great but it's not really what you are going to see in the show room.The guys themselves are all pretty great.
5	LOVED THIS SHOW WAYYYY better than chippendales. These are realistic guys and are straight. Way more entertaining for the girls!!
4	This show was hilarious.  The girls in my group were laughing so hard the whole time.We were all happy to have NOT been pulled up on stage.  Personally, having my face shoved into a dancers crotch isn't appealing, but I think they did a good job reading our group.  We just wanted to enjoy the show without participating.  Its pretty crude, but if you walk into the show knowing that, you'll probably have a good time.Also, as everyone mentioned, the pictures afterwards are $20 PER PERSON!!  And, they don't do the courtesy of making sure that its at least a decent picture.  One of the girls blinked in our picture so it wasn't very good, but they still made $80 for one picture... makes me think I need to get into the business of taking crappy photographs of people with hot men as a side job :)
5	Had the best time with our group of 11 ladies watching the show.  Marcus does a great job playing to the crowd of ladies. If you have time stay after the show to get your picture the the fellas!!!!!
5	Hot Australian men with great bods dancing for you. What more can you ask for!?This is the second male show that I've been too and this one was definitely A LOT better than the one I saw in Atlantic City. I felt the one in Atlantic City was too raunchy and this one was much more classier. The men were interactive with the audience going all over the room and even dancing on the tables. Great for bachelorette parties or birthday celebrations. Ladies, don't be shy if they decide to pull you on stage. Enjoy the moment! Hope to be able to see the show again in the future!
5	Three short words... Ew... Oh.. Yawn... My friend the birthday girl liked it and got some personal attention. Five stars for her.
5	PURE ENTERTAINMENT!!!!This show is fun, sexy, and endlessly hilarious!  The thing to remember is that this is not a strip club and that's a good thing!  Buy the tickets and show up- that's all you have to do for a great time.  A few of the guys seem to love what they're doing too- maybe they really do love it, or maybe they are just good actors, but either way- it adds so much to the experience because you feel like you're having fun WITH them.  I bought tickets for this as part of bachelorette party plans.  It was the best decision I made for the weekend but honestly, I'd recommend it for ANY girls' night out.
4	So much fun!! My only real complain was that our server never came to get our drinks even after I asked another lady to bring our server over. My mom kind of missed the opening because she was waiting at the bar.You also get a poster if you check in on yelp! Sadly I left mine in the hotel room by accident. But I got an amazing picture with them which is far more valuable ;)
4	WHY HELLLLLLLLLLLLLLOOO THERE !!!!!!!!!! This is a VEGAS MUST if you're here for a bachelorette! I haven't been to Chippendales, as this was my first time seeing a male revue show however it won't be my last! YES you will enjoy this experience, and you will NOT be let down!!! Make sure you bring some rowdy, loud girls, so that you can get the attention of Marcus, or the guys to get your bachelorette pulled up on stage! They normally pulled up the girls from the largest, loudest groups, at least for our night! THIS ENDED ALL TOO SOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONNNNNN. P.S. the guys are not as hot as you think they would be, I think some of the originals or better looking more popular ones go on tour! BUT don't let that get you down my friend, because there is plenty to see at the thunder from down under wink! I smile still thinking about this experience, it was truly a hoot, I'm just glad I didn't faint from excitement!CHIPPENDALES I"M COMING FOR YOU NEXT!
3	Let me say this.  This show is for young women only.  We were probably the oldest women in the crowd in our 50s early 60s.  The dancers attempt to cater to older women, pulled a couple up on stage and that was good fun to see.  But my friend thought that was staged too, with the older women intentionally placed in the crowd.    The dancing feels very stiff - the pointing to the crowd, the winking. Not really natural choreography.   I will say that us older women like to look at hot young guys too and the Thunder are beautiful. So if you don't mind feeling really old, just go to stare at them.
5	The show was completely amazing.  Great view of the stage, and the guys were constantly coming into the audience and interacting, even Dylan the host.  After the show you pay $20.00 to get a photo with the guys, and they do various poses.  You can switch them around if you want to sit on a certain one's lap.  And after the show you can wait out by the bar to get the guys to sign the frame that your photo was put in.  You get a 4x6 copy of your photo, but can email the actual photo to yourself and is big enough to be about a 5x7.  I would definitely do this show again, it was well worth it, even if I didn't get brougt on stage.
1	Only one thing to say about Thunder From Down Under Show- BORING!!!! The dancers appeared tired and like they were just going through the motions..Marcus, the host, was the only dancer who's routine was worth watching, and his time was for about 2-3minutes, prepare to be bored until his performance. Go see Chippendales at the Rio instead, for girl's night out their show is much better!
5	love it!!! best time ever! my cousins took me and some friends there for my bday! it was the best show! MUST SEE!!! best show on the strip!(: go see it!
1	Have you watched Magic Mike? Well this is exactly like that, in the sense that there is not enough stripping and way too much dancing. There has to be much more shaking the booty in a thong. There was one guy who shook his booty a lot but he was kinda older... aka not really eye candy.I guess if you want to go to a male dance show, this will fit your needs, but if you're looking for something a little more raunchy, skip this show.If a guy paid $50ish to see females doing what these guys did, the guys would riot.
4	Decided to see this show with a group of my friends during a weekend in Vegas. We went in without knowing what to expect and it was great!The guys were primarily dancing, one was doing back flips, another some somersault, everyone had their butts shaking, and of course there was lots of thrusting. They randomly chose (with permission) ladies in the audience/VIP areas and had they go on stage. Then much grabbing ensued. Some of the women received kisses on the face/lips (with permission), and many were directly to grab the booties/other parts of the Australian hotties. These guys were energetic and really knew how to work the crowd. They ran around, poured water on themselves, jumped on tables, and got everyone going. I screamed every time a guy ripped his tank top apart.. they're the ones keeping Hanes in business! Anyway I left the show with a smile on my face. Well worth the $50 spent. Not sure if it's worth repeating, but definitely a great experience! Also, I received a free poster from checking in on yelp :)
5	Went for a Bachelorette Party (group of 20 girls) and everyone absolutely loved it. It was very entertaining. If you're hoping to get on stage, I would strongly suggest wearing something to stand out. Our bride to be wore a veil, a crown, a banner, ect. With an audience of 100+ women, you gotta wear something eye catching to stand out. The men were pretty damn handsome. (Obviously we all had our favorites.)The dances were pretty cheesy. Making the audience laugh. The women in the crowd yell and shout pretty much the entire time. It's a great time. As for nudity, we saw some booty and obviously some ripped 8 packs but never their "down under thunder" (thank god) When you get chosen to go on stage: Be prepared. You will get wet. Girl A: lap dance and a pretty delicious kissGirl B: lap dance Girl C: on the floor, spin thingy, junk in face, junk in junk, bam. Girl D: (luckiest gal): lap dance, sweet dance, taken to the floor, kissed, held for like 2 minutes, completely seduced. Overall good time. Great way to start the night. A lot more fun with a large group of girls!
4	My girlfriends and I had such a blast here. The men do have their clothes on more then off but that's ok they were amazing no matter what. The best part is how much they interact  with the audience and how funny the show is. Definitely  go with your  girlfriends let loose and have fun.
5	Great show for a girls night out! Definitely a Vegas must when you go to Vegas. The guys were not only super sexy but very nice. We took a photo with them after and the all happily signed it for us. Will be going back next year ;) haha
5	Girls, this is the only show on the strip you need to see. Be prepared, you may be pulled on stage for a lap dance, or to fake an orgasm. You never know. I always sit at the up front tables when I go, the men walk out on them as they strip. Whew. There is a not a bad seat in the house though, as the boys make use of every area of the room. Great for girls night out, birthdays, bachelorette parties I have seen guys in there with their girlfriends....The dances are pretty routine, but not so much as it's portrayed in Magic Mike haha. Cheesy as the dancing may be, it sure does please the ladies. Don't focus too much on a "good show," - focus on the men. That's what it is for. You think men go to strip clubs to judge their dancing? No. Watch those bodies ladies, whew. The way the guys look at you with just that desire in their eyes is all you need girls! The interaction they make with the audience is intense!The first time I went they pulled this like 70 year old lady on stage who could barely walk - she was ALL OVER those boys having the time of her life! It was hilarious! I've been pulled up twice, one time just got a lap dance, the other had to fake an orgasm which was SO fun (don't judge me) they said I can pick a guy and touch all I want, just fake it the best I can. Marty, you are mine sir. Hot damn!
4	Thunder is sooooo much better than that other male review at the Rio. Their audience interaction is throughout the whole show. Basically you're part of the act. Such a great time. Thanks guys!
1	I went with girlfriends for a bachelorette party.  I felt totally ripped off. Definitely don't spring for the VIP-it's expensive and you miss half of the show because you're too close to the stage when they run around. Drink service is terrible. Given the opportunity to go again, I'd skip this show and go straight to one of the actual strip clubs. Cheaper and way better dancing.
5	No. words. My friends and I went during a girls' trip to Vegas and had a BLAST! I laughed harder than I had in months. The guys were hot, the dance moves more fun than anything else and the host was hilarious. Some of the best money I spent in Vegas. I'd definitely go back and see the Aussies again.
4	This review was for the showing on December 5 in Honolulu, and all I could think of was: Estrogen, estrogen EVERYWHERE, but in a good way ;) The guys of course, were definitely in shape and knew how to work it on stage. I definitely had my favorite one out of the bunch! I definitely wanted to get memorabilia before I left, but I couldn't -____- I definitely would have loved a free calendar with all the guys autographs for a belated birthday gift. Lol. Can't wait to go back to Vegas for round 2, especially to see my favorite ;)PROS:- The men of course! ;) - The MC, Dylan was especially hilarious! That definitely contributed to the show.CONS:- Drunk women.
3	Make sure you sit on an end seat or you'll be ignored.  The guys are gorgeous and the show is fun, but if you want contact be on the and.  They don't pay attention to you if you're not.
5	The best show of this type you could see! I have seen Thunder twice (once here in Vegas and once at home in Phoenix) and Chippendales once. The men at Thunder are way more personable and seem to be genuinely enjoying their jobs. They are much raunchier (in terms of how they speak and interact with the crowd) and they play with the audience much more than Chippendales -- but it's really entertaining. Will see them again next time we are in Vegas or they come to Phoenix!
4	No pictures no videos :( Chippendales let us take pics and videos near the end of the show. But you can still take pics with the guys on stage for $$.Show was great. Too short. A lot more raunchy than Chip. Audience participation was great hilarious. Beautiful blonde back right. Wish he came off the stage too. Check in for free poster !!! Show is in Excalibur.
4	A show with Australian, nearly naked men dancing and drives women crazy with their bodies. The men are good looking and do they know about it too. Sometimes you get shocked even though you know what will happen. Funny and sexy!
5	As good as everyone says.  I would take my Gramma without blinking.  The men were very respectful as well as hot.  Worth every penny.
4	Great time for a girls night out. I bought tickets the day of the show so I was in the back instead of the floor seats. If I remember correctly you pay more for closer seats. It is a small theater so any seats you're in you have a good view. The floor seats see more up close and personal action and fan participation.  If you've ever seen magic mike it is exactly like that in the best way possible. At first I thought it was a little ridiculous but by the end of the show I was "woo-ing" with the best of them. The guys are HOT to say the least haha! I don't think I'd do it again unless dragged by someone who'd never gone before but I did enjoy the show. They charge at the end of the show if you want pictures with them, not worth it in my opinion but maybe if I was the bachlorette or something. Show is around an hour and fifteen minutes total so plan accordingly, because it is not an all night event.
