5	Came across Master Lock & Security on Yelp today when my front door lock broke when I tried to unlock it. I called to get help and Carmon the owner answered. I told him what happened and he said that he would be at my condo in 25 minutes.  Low and behold he got here in 25 minutes... I was impressed! I was so relieved when he fixed my front door locks... He did an amazing job, fast and efficient! He also gave me a great deal! I am so happy I called him!!! Thank you Carmon!!! I highly recommend him!!! 5 stars all the way!!!!
5	I had lost my keys to my car at the mall today I did not know what I was going to do until someone recommended master lock and security. After I called they came in 15 minutes!!!! not only were they able to get me into my car but they were also able to cut a new key for me at a great price. Thank you Master Lock and Security for your quick and professional work!!! I will definitely recommend you to all my friends and family and anyone else who needs a locksmith.
5	I got stuck outside of my car in Vegas! I felt so helpless until I found these guy and called. Carmon was on site in no time and was very helpful and nice. I would recommend this guy to anyone.
5	My friends locked them self out on the strip in a busy night The keys are in the trunk opsi,,,Quick yelping and we found these guys Very nice over the phone , came in with in 35 min And got us back on the road again in no timeFast and reasonable We were so happy he came i cannot imagine getting stuck in a small place could be hrs ,,,Txs again
5	5 stars for sure - Carmon was prompt, professional, friendly and fair. Great to know there is someone to rely on when you lose your keys! Would definitely recommend his services :))
5	Master lock & security is a life saver! I was kind of nervous because the door had one very serious lock on it, I mean the key itself is a beast. He got to me in about 30 minutes and unlocked that bad boy in less than 5. He was real nice and very professional great price too!! I called him last minute on a Sunday as well!!
5	Locked myself out of my car and stress out fairly quick.These guys came highly recommended by a friend of mine who ran into this problems a few weeks back.Its no surprise why these guys are recommended.Very fast and reliable, they know their job and know how to do it.10 stars if I could.
5	Fast serviceGot me an appointment right awayProfessionalGave good attitudeArrived on timeHelpful
5	Excellent service.  One of my trucks had the key break off in the gas cap.  Carmon came out quickly and was able to extract Need someone at Southern hills around 2.30pm.Will do cvn in someone with pacer .So need 5th check setting before n after cvn.Room icu20the key and fix the issue.  Highly recommend.  Fast and good service.  Will definitely use again.
5	Master Lock & Security truly knows what fast service is all about! I was stuck locked out of my car at 2 a.m. after work on the strip, and the picked up the phone right away! The guy told be it was going to take about 20 minutes before he got there... HE WAS THERE IN LESS THAN 10 minutes! Master Lock & Security got me out of that parking within less than 20 minutes after making a phone! Fast Service and Cheap Prices! #1 Locksmith in Vegas by far!
5	Last night I was found myself outside the car without the keys. I call master lock and security and come after 15 min they open the car and made the car keys on the spot the price was reasonable the service was great.. ask for carmom five star easy!!!thank you
5	Called and was given an appointment same day. Technician was very nice and showed up on time. Gave us 2 keys and was in and out in about 15 minutes. Definitely would recommend to anyone.
5	I did what you should never do - both keys in my purse in my locked car! It was 7:30 pm and Carmon arrived quickly! Before I even had a chance to panic, he had the door open!!!  Highly recommend his service!!
5	I locked my key in my car, they showed up quick!! Very reasonable pricing! Will definitely use again if I lock my keys! Recommended!!
5	Lost my mailbox key and Master Lock & Security came to fix it! He guy helping me was friendly and fixed the lock on the spot. Such a life saver!
5	Master Lock and Security... EPIC! Somehow I just was so damn clumsy with my keys. Tried to pack everything in my trunk and forgot my keys were also in my hand. Threw the keys in the trunk and shut the door. Blah this is like the 3rd time I have ever done this. Always a pain in the ass. All in all... Very fast service ... Got everything done in about 2 minutes. Great stuff and if you have a similar issue like I did.. Don't hesitate to give them a call!
5	Locksmith is the best! Carmin was extremely professional and helpful.  I would highly recommend him to everybody who is in a bind and needs a quick key replacement.  And his prices are very fair! I only recommend him in the Las Vegas!
5	Locally owned and family run - I loved the service I got from Master.  He advised on my security, helped me understand what I should do and installed ournew locks with ease.  I'll be calling them again ...
5	I was in a jam and needed a locksmith quick, I searched Yelp and came across Master Lock & Security-I called them and the spoke to the owner, Carmon , explained my situation and before you knew it - he was at my location in less than 30 minutes-very good service, he gave me a fair price and i would not hesitate to use his company or recommend him to others!
5	A friend of mine recommended Master, so I went ahead and contacted him, I needed the lock of our home to be fixed. The tech arrived exactly at the time we agreed, started to work on the problem immediately, was able to explain to me what was wrong and how he was planning to fix it. Overall great experience, will definitely use him in the future if needed
5	I just used Master Lock & Security recently and they  rekeyed all the doors in the home I just purchased.  They did a fantastic job and all for a price that was lower than everywhere else I called. The tech was very friendly, knowledgeable and punctual. I highly recommend them and their services:)
5	We locked ourselves out of the house , it's cold and windy and dark and called them to unlock our security screen door in Henderson anthem did it in a few minutes , nice guy went as described
5	We needed to re-key our house and also unlock a bedroom that was accidentally locked.  I called Master Lock & Security and they were able to come out within the hour!  Carmon was very professional and well knowledgable and the best thing is that their rates are ultra reasonable!  I would most definitely use them again and would recommend them also.  Thanks again for providing great service!
5	I wish I could give Master Lock and Security a higher rating! Carmon is absolutely fantastic! I work for a site management company and Carmon is the go-to guy for all of our locksmith needs. Today we needed to have an entire office building rekeyed with multiple copies for each of the tenants, I called Carmon and he was there within an hour. He rekeyed the entire building in a timely manner and with a friendly disposition. He even vacuumed up all of the sawdust shavings he made while drilling in a new hole for a larger door handle. If you ever need a locksmith call up Carmon from Master Lock and Security- he will definitely make your day easier!
5	Highly recommended!  I left the garage opener in my car which was CLOSED in the garage.  Then realized that both sets of house keys were left inside of my home!!  Carmon arrived in 30 minutes as discussed. He was very helpful and provided EXCELLENT customer service.
5	Carmon was very pleasant to work with, very knowledgeable, very quick and very reasonably priced vs. his competitors.  He explained what type of lock we had (high security) and presented us with all our cost options and didn't push the most expensive product on us, which we appreciate.-Satisfied customer
5	Will never have to call another locksmith - definitely a customer for life. Carmon was wonderful, timely, efficient and knowledgeable. With the affordable prices and excellent customer service, their is no need to call anyone else.
5	Carmen was great!!! The deadbolt on my security door just wasn't turning anymore. So I gave him a call and he came out that day. He wanted to try to fix it first to save me money so I wouldn't have to buy a new lock. I already had a feeling that the lock wasn't going to work and my husband and I were already considering changing that lock to the high security key lock. What was great is that he was willing to try to fix the door first without any sales pitch for a new lock. He was awesome answered my questions that I had about the lock. I'm so glad that my deadbolt stopped working because I love this new security lock key!!! Thanks Carmen
5	I needed a lock changed and Carmon came out the next day. He called first and arrived in time. He made short work of changing a doorknob and a lock. He was very professional. I would recommend Master Lock to anyone who needs a locksmith!
5	Lost my car keys and was in a rush to get to work! My spare is in California so I was in a straight up PANIC! I called a few places and their prices were insane!!! When I spoke to the guy on the phone he was so nice it actually calmed me down I knew I had finally called the right place. He arrived at my house within 30 minutes. He finished making my key and I was at my office in no time. I HOPE this never happens again, but if I does I know who to call :)
5	Master Lock and Security is absolutely amazing! Carmon came looked at my doors that needed to be fixed. It ended up being a custom job. So he took the time to think of a custom and efficient way that still was aestheticallypleasing, called back in a day as promised and came when agreed, on time. The work was better than imagined and problem fixed! He even wanted to vacuum the shavings!! Definitely will be my go to guys for any locksmith needs and highly recommended to friends and family! Overall great experience !
5	It is unusual to call a company and have one of the owners answer. Carmon was willing to work around our busy schedule to come out to our house to change our locks. He kept in touch with us, arrived when promised, and changed all of our locks. He was friendly, honest, and fairly priced. I would certainly recommend him to anybody who needs help with locks and keys. Finally a company like the old days...trustworthy and competent.
5	I just had my house rekeyed by Carmon at Master Lock and Security.  I'm really happy with the work he did.  He responded quickly to the request and accommodated my schedule.  He got here when he said he would and called before arriving.  He did the work quickly and was very professional.  He was also very pleasant and nice to work with.  His prices were reasonable, and I'm really glad I called him.  I would not hesitate to recommend him to anyone.
5	A relative of mine recommended Carmon for a lock replacement I needed.  Carmon responded quickly and was able to fix my problem in an easy and painless way.. definitely recommend the service!
5	We needed our lock changed as soon as possible after an employee was let go. I called Master Lock & Security and they were able to come within a couple hours of my call. He even said he would come earlier if his appointment ended earlier. His price was much better then others I contacted and he was very friendly and fast! So glad we called him!
5	Got here quick. I was stressed they are great guys, helped me out of big jam fast! Good price too, better than the others.
5	Great service. Lost my car keys and Carmon was able to make a new set on the stop. The price was reasonable and great service, definitely one to call for any of your locked out service needs!
5	Best service in town!I'm so happy I called Master Lock & Security. Carmon is not only honest but a great person. I locked my car keys with my purse and wallet in the trunk, I felt like my whole life was inside that trunk. Carmon told me it will take about half an hour to get to my location, it was raining and very cold and I was alone in the dark. I'm sure it took him less than 30min to get there thanks God! I will never forget what he ask me as soon as he saw me in the rain... "Why did u pick today (rainy and dark) to leave you keys inside the trunk?" Hahaha he opened the car so fast without damaging my car (not even a single scratch). He gave me the sense of safety and trust right away. I'm very grateful for this company. I will always call Master Lock & Security for my keys and lock needs and I will recommend the to all my friends and family. THANKS CARMON! You are the best!
5	I locked out n called this company. They came to my place really quick and get a job done really quick as well. Super recommended!!
5	I would definitely recommend. Came very quickly and was fair with pricing. Also accommodated to our house rules ie no shoes.
5	Being from Vegas you kind of get used to quality service since the whole town is based off of hospitality but these guys still managed to wow me. After a manic search for my keys for hours I called these guys in a panic. Carmon showed up and had a new lock made in under an hour and some how managed to put a smile on my face. The price and quality of work is unbeatable.
5	They were great.   I moved into a new home and needed my locks changed.  He was out that evening within 2 hours and changed all my doors.   Very reasonable,  professional and polite.   Thanks
5	Top quality expertise!  Carmon did a great job replacing my old deadbolt and bottom door lock. His fee is very reasonable. I am very satisfied.
5	Master Lock & Security did a good job changing the front door locks. I wanted to change the lock to a double cylinder and he suggested just adding an additional lock on the back and not change the front thus preserving the finish. He came around and finished the work quickly and efficiently. Gave some helpful tips as well. I'll recommend to a friend.
5	Quick service, great scheduling, and amazing prices! I had a broken key in my deadbolt and managed to have scheduled, fixed, and paid for in a matter of hours and on my schedule.
5	Must admit I am skeptical with businesses that specialize in home repairs so I check out Yelp and other reviews beforehand.  After checking out numerous great reviews about Carmon I decided to give it a go to repair 4 unusually damaged and old entry locksets with separate deadbolts as well as key all to one key.  First, amazingly after contacting him Sunday afternoon he came out later the same day which met my needs! Service was absolutely quick and very professional!   And I found Carmon to be a genuinely very nice, honest, and ethical professional.  I am very appreciative there was no upsaling or hype, he simply repaired parts that he could and what was obviously unrepairable, I puchased the parts from him at a reasonable cost.  If you need locksmith services, please give him a call. You will not be disappointed!  Thank you Carmon :-)
5	I was caught in an unfortunate situation last night - one no mother wants to be in...my garage door wouldn't open AND my front door lock jammed! It was raining, about 9 pm and my 18 month old and I stood outside waiting for a locksmith. Carmon was professional, quick (he arrived within 30 minutes), and in less than 10 minutes - my little guy and I were safely inside. I had a new lock shortly thereafter! Thanks so very much for the professional level of service offered - I would definitely use and recommend this business again!
5	My wife's car was broken into and our house keys & some I.D. were stolen, so the low life knew what the house keys were to.  I called Master Lock & Security and Carmon came out in 2 hours and re-keyed 12 tumblers all the same in a couple hours and gave us 4 keys  A little pricey I thought,  but great service.  I recommend Master Lock & Security AKA 24/7 Superteck Locksmith.
5	Great service, fair prices, quick install, offered me a yelp discount, quoted me a better price than liberty for storage lock cutting. All in all very happy with the service will use again, nice family owned company. New pick proof locks = happy girl :)
5	After doing extensive research on every possible Locksmith that I could find online in town and reading every review that was available on Yelp, I decided to call Master Lock & Security based on their reviews. I simply could not believe that a business could have such perfect record and have so many satisfied customers.I called and spoke with Carmon. He gave me a quote and agreed to be at my house at 11 am the following day. Carmon was in front of my house 10 minutes before our scheduled appointment (I was shocked to see that, since the last locksmith postponed his arrival by almost 3 hours and finally cancelled the appt for the day after having me sit at home for almost 6 hours).Carmon showed his Police issued ID and was very professional. He had to work an extra 25 mins on re keying my locks due to my master key not been available, but stated that he would charge me the same quoted price. I offered to compensate him for the extra time that he spent at my house, but he refused and stated that he only charges the quoted price given to me over the phone (If that is not honesty, then I don't know what is). I have become a lifetime customer of Carmon and Master lock due to their professionalism, punctuality, honesty and being down to earth. I highly recommend this company to everyone. Feel free to do your research (extensive research in my case), but do yourself a favor and get hold of this company for a second opinion if you need a Locksmith.Thank you Carmon for being such a caring individual.
5	I got locked out of my condo after a repairman turned the lock on my doorknob without my knowledge. I was able to get in with the help of a good samaritan who drilled my lock open. I called Carmon and he was at my place in less than 20 minutes. He finished the work quickly and was completely professional. He was able to replace the door lock and rekey it to match my existing key. He even threw in 2 extra keys free of charge.
5	Lost my car key and called this company. Very courteous and great customer service also very reasonable price. I am very satisfied with the service they provided. Highly recommended.
5	Today, Christmas eve of all days, I lost the key to my Ford pickup while shopping in a Walmart and in a panic needed to find someone to make me a new key. I'm so grateful I chose the people at Master lock and security to take care of me. They quoted me a fair price over the telephone, showed up quickly and on time, and not only professionally cut my new key, they even gave me a spare! They're mobile locksmithng setup is super hi tech and you know right away they mean business. On top of everything else, they're just nice people...and the world nerds more of that.
5	My parents were visiting from out of town and my front door lock needed to be fixed ASAP. I called in a handyman who took the whole thing apart and couldn't put it back together then insisted I needed a new handle set (which cost over  100). I called Master Lock & Security and he was able to come on late notice.  Not only did he fix the door handle he also fixed and re-keyed my rear door that was sticking. The tech had a great personality and is very know ther quotes I received. I would highly recommend Master Lock & Security for any of your locksmithing needs.
5	Over the holidays we locked our bathroom keys in our mens restroom at our cafe. We needed someone quick on the day after Christmas to help us. They are fast and courteous and great service.. I wish i would of know of them when I first opened to redo my front door locks and my house. I would highly recommend Master Lock to anyone.
5	Carmon was great. We had a broken deadbolt at my moms house, the front door wouldn't open. He showed up early for the appointment and got the locked swapped out in a matter of minutes. The new lock works better than the old one ever did. I highly recommend him.
5	Customer Service was awesome. I highly recommend this company. Lost my mailbox key again but this time I left it  out of state.  I called and within a few hours they had the box open and I received 3 shiny new keys. So now I have a better chance of not getting locked out again. The mail Carrier is happy I'm sure.
1	You should read my entire review to know why I gave them 1 star and consider it before giving them a call.Key broke off in the front door and got locked out of the apartment. Found this highly rated locksmith online. Nathan came out, drilled the lock, replaced it, and made sure that it was keyed the same. Cost $266 for all of that and everything was awesome!The lock never quite worked right in the door, but the door was damaged and we just chalked it up to that. Then 7 days after the first key broke in the lock, I come home from work and when I tried to open the door, the lock refused to move. I tried jiggling and shuffling the door and lock every way I could think of. Too much finagling and the key broke once again! I called them and explained they had just been there a week ago and that the same problem happened with the new lock. I was simply calling to see if they would honor their work or if I needed to seek other means to get into my apartment. He quickly took down my name and address and said they would be out in 20-30 minutes to take care of it. Awesome!About an hour and a half later, Nathan shows up and immediately recognizes the lock and problem. Although I had to wait, I wasn't that upset about it. Las Vegas is known for having to wait around for service calls. So I didn't think much of it. Especially since he had called and said he got stuck in traffic. It happens.He has the door open in less than a minute, doesn't even have to use any tools, and the lock is still intact! Sweet! Then he asks for my ID and I realize he is counting up how much it's going to be. Wait, what? I had only called to ask if they would honor it in the first place. I would not have let them come out or waited outside for an hour and a half if I had known he was going to charge me. Ok, if it's only $20-30 I'll just figure it out and pay it. A bit ridiculous, but I'll figure it out.He tries to charge me $88! For using a pair of pliers to finish turning the broken off part of the key! I could have easily done that myself and was planning on it if they wouldn't come out to fix the issue with the lock they put on. After some time, I got them to agree to $40 and have since worked on the lock. It opens so smoothly now that we have fixed the issue ourselves. It simply was an issue of the lock being too high for the door frame. A quick fix to a problem they caused and I bet he would have tried to charge me for that too!Never again will I use this locksmith.
