5	Bloom Bake Shop is a great addition to downtown Middleton.  If you are looking for a delicious treat this is the place to go.  I've only had the cupcakes but they are DELICIOUS!  An added bonus is the shop is adorable.  You can see the bakers in action from the outside windows.  I only wish I had a place like this in my neighborhood.
5	Wow.  Bloom Bake Shop is nothing short of amazing.  End of review.Still with me?  Ok - here's the scoop.  We stopped in to this corner bakeshop after having just enjoyed a decent Friday Fish lunch at Middleton Sport Bowl.  We were immediately greeted by the staff, who were incredibly friendly and wonderfully helpful.  They took time to share with us the day's offerings: oreo cupcakes, peanut butter cup cupcakes, vanilla cupcakes, chocolate cupcakes, a few cookie offerings, and "sandwich cookies."  They also had a gluten-free, vegan cookie that looked amazing.I probably could have happily ordered 2 of everything from the case, but I played it "safe" and went with: an oreo cupcake, a peanut butter cup cupcake, a banana & chocolate chip sandwich cookie (with cream cheese frosting), and a regular chocolate chip cookie.The results?  Everything was out-of-this-world-excellent.  The cupcakes were moist, perfectly "cakey," flavorful, and had the perfect cupcake consistency.  Frosting was smooth, fresh, flavorful, and perfectly suited - not too much, not too little.  No dry edges, no crusty parts - just 100% pure awesome.The cream cheese filled banana cookie was equally spectacular - the cookie had an incredible banana flavor, the chocolate chips were huge, and the cookie was cake-like, and slightly chewy - not hard, crunchy, or crumbly in the least.  Easily the best cookie I've ever had.  Paired with the cream cheese frosting this was a treat to die for.  I shed a tear when it was gone.The lone chocolate chip cookie that I bought was so soft and moist that it was difficult to pick-up - even though it was in a glass jar when I bought it, it tasted and felt as if it had just come out of the oven.  How do they do this?!Bloom Bake Shop = WIN WIN WIN WIN WINFood = 5+ stars (super incredible)Service = 5 stars (talked with the owner, and she was so friendly & helpful)Value = 4 stars (a little pricey, but the quality is definitely worth it!)MISC = 5 stars - they go to great lengths to use locally sourced ingredients from reputable and responsible resources, from the milk that they buy to the flooring that they installed in the store.Summary: You simply will not find a better cupcake or cookie anywhere.  And you'll be hard-pressed to find more wonderful folks that really seem to enjoy and take pride in what they do.  I will definitely be back - many, many, many more times!PS: They also have fair trade coffees.
5	I've used Yelp for years but never felt the need to review...until now. I love Bloom Bake Shop, this is my second day in a row of having a whoopie pie and I wish they were open tomorrow so I could make it three in a row. The vegan selections are also delicious. Needless to say, I highly recommend Bloom.
5	Whoopie pies...that's all you need to remember. I had one that was chocolate with raspberry frosting - it was so good I almost forgot my name. The shop is cute and the owner is usually around. Not a ton of tables but that's a good thing. The shop's adorable and the desserts are wonderful!
4	Is it really possible to be this delicious and adorable? The Bloom Bake Shop is every bit as quaint and friendly as it looks passing by.  I finally had a minute to stop in, with the intention of only buying one cupcake.... they all looked SO good I couldn't leave with only one. Not only do the cupcakes taste great, but they also support using local ingredients. LOVE IT! Mmmmm peanut butter cup and cookies and cream.... I'll be back tomorrow to see what's new in the case! To top off my fantastic experience, the staff is AWESOME! They are super friendly and welcoming. The kind of people you'd like to hang out with all day. This place is SO cute, I can't wait to share it with friends!
4	Madison has had a number of great vegan options pop up in the last year or two and Bloom Bake Shop is one of them. While technically located in Middleton (right next door to Madison), it's worth the drive.The owner was extremely friendly and informative about her business and her passion for all things vegan. She even does vegan cakes and desserts for weddings. When I went, they had a vegan carrot cupcake and a vegan brownie/Goldie bar. I got both.The cupcake was solid: moist, creamy, not overly sweet or buttery. I liked the addition of tiny chocolate chips in the frosting, which gave a nice hard texture amidst the smoothness of the rest of the cupcake (especially the frosting).The Goldie bar was awesome. It was not only vegan, but also gluten-free and soy-free. I don't know what type of voodoo magic they work at Bloom to create such a wonderfully soft, chewy, delicious product with so many "restrictions" but I hope they keep conjuring.Bloom usually has a vegan cookie daily as well, but they were out the day I visited.If Bloom had more vegan options, and a bit more interior space for lounging/tea sipping, I'd give them another star. It would be great if they moved to Madison proper (maybe in the Atwood/Williamson East Side area, near The Green Owl?) they would be even better. As it stands, it's still worth the trek to Middleton for Bloom and I'll be going back often.
4	Having a place that does vegan cupcakes so close to where I work is definitely going to make me have to work a little harder at the gym, but I'm still so happy I found this place!  Moving from Los Angeles, where vegan fare is on every street corner, I was feeling a bit gloomy , since vegan fare in Wisconsin seems to be quite scarce.  Well, if you're looking for a vegan treat that could compete with all of the world-famous and gourmet vegan bakeshops, take a journey to Bloom.  Vegan cupcakes that melt in your mouth, not crumble up and make you in dire need of moisture.  Delicious flavors each day.  My two favorites are the vegan s'more and the vegan vanilla cupcake with orange marmalade filling, topped with a dark chocolate ganache and an orange vegan buttercream flower...can you say decadent?!  This is definitely a place I will be returning to, probably more than my personal trainer would like to hear about!
5	I live near downtown Middleton and have been hearing great things about this small bakery and finally went over to pick up a small after dinner treat. I was glad I did. What an amazing bakery. I tried their seasonal pumpkin spiced whoopie pie with cinnamon frosting. It was crazy good.It's also nice to have some gluten-free options for a few of my friends that love sweets too. The fact that they use organic or local products is a plus. The taste is what matters! And it taste's good!
4	I have wanted to stop in at Bloom for a long time, but they seemed to be closed whenever I was in the area(which is evidently Sunday and Monday), but they WERE open one night I ran over to grab some Roman Candle(YUM, by the way). I grabbed the Sweet Potato cake with Spicy Chai frosting(both vegan and gluten free, I think). I had heard good things about this particular cake from a client of mine. I also took a "Campy" one, which is obviously their take on a S'more(which was also vegan, I believe). The cakes were tasty, the best tasting vegan dessert I've had. My only wish was that I had grabbed two more contrasting flavors. The man and I split and shared the cakes, which both tasted "spiced" and similar. The frosting was tasty. Not too sweet, and nicely textured.I'm wavering between three and four stars, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. I guess I'll just have to try a few more flavors to make sure...*wink wink
3	Okay, let us get real. These reviews are nice, glowing, very favorable. They are skewed by a lack of reality, or rather an ability to have other, similar bakeshops to compare it to.Let me start by saying the whoopie pie was good. The cake was fluffy, not to chocolaty, it allowed the light, creamy taste of the frosting to stand on its own. In addition, the size was perfect. All too often, when one makes a whoopie pie, it is too large. These are a better size.The frosting is very good, not just in the whoopie pie but also on the cupcake. However, the cupcake falls short of being a very good cupcake. I, love Magnolia Bakery. There is no better cupcake in the world than the one thousands of tourists line up for everyday in NY. It is unfortunate that Sex in the City made my addiction so unbearable to maintain. The Magnolia Cupcake is truly a quintessential cupcake. The light, airy cake, topped by a magnificently sweet butter-cream.Then, I moved to Los Angeles, and in a city filled with so many cupcake shops, none would compare. Then Susie Cakes opened in Brentwood, and I discovered a fairly good cupcake. Nothing like a Magnolia, but a cupcake that would suffice.It is with that as a basis, that I compare Bloom. Bloom's cupcakes do not compare on that level. Part of the problem is, they don't have to. The store will never see competition from the likes of a Magnolia or a Susie Cakes in Madison, Wisconsin. The cake is too dense. It isn't light or fluffy enough. The taste is slightly different than "those" cupcakes. That being said, are they good, yes they are. Would I come back, yes I would, but I think Bloom should put some icing on their ginger molasses cookies.
3	Owner was super nice...he talked to me about how he started the store...what a few of his inspirations were for the cupcakes...I ended up with one elvis cupcake and a whoopie pie...I have to say that the Elvis cupcake model is popping up everywhere and I'm sad to say that this one was one of my least favorite...something about the frosting was really offputting to me...and the whoopie pie was ok...but maybe I was just expecting more out of it...I think I would have loved the whoopie pie if it had a baby with an ice cream sandwich...something like an ice cream whoopie...I didn't care for the filling (which was similar to the cupcake frosting in consistency)...but since the owner was so nice...and I really liked his message...I realize although I didn't like the pastries...that's not to say that they aren't someone else's cup of tea!The shop is adorable though
5	LOVE this place!!! We went to Madison for a little getaway for my birthday. On my birthday, I thought it'd be fun to go to a boutique bakery for a cupcake and we found this place on Yelp. There were so many tasty looking treats that we got cupcakes and then also got two different whoopie pies to go. The cupcakes were wonderful! The ones we tried were not gluten free or vegan. They were moist with the perfect amount of icing so that it wasn't too sweet. One of the yummiest cupcakes I've ever had! The whoopie pies were soooo good too! We got a chocolate chip cookie one that was vegan and gluten free. There was a time in my life that I was super sensitive to lots of foods and I had many GF and vegan treats then, and this one is by far the BEST I have ever had! We also had a whoopie pie that was a chocolate cake/cookie with mint cream. I am salivating right now just thinking about it! They also use mostly organic or local ingredients. BONUS!Bloom Bake Shop is definitely worth a trip if you are in the Madison area!!!
2	Too sweet for my taste. Christopher concurs. Too pricey for my taste. Christopher concurs. Cute shop, nice owners, but not a place we'd return to any time soon.
5	as a gluten-free vegan (who poses raw most of the time...), i find myself craving sweets time and time again! so i did a google search and stumbled upon bloom...and boy am i ever glad i did! this place is amazing! i had a gluten free/vegan whoopie pie....OMG, tasted better than i could have ever imagined. you'd never know it was gf & vegan! it was a nice treat - truly amazing - cute little boutique, helpful staff, in awesome middleton (love that part of town). i'm a super-fan, and will be back. (probably tomorrow, it's too good!)
4	I really love the philosophy of this place.  All of their ingredients natural and/or organic. They offer gluten-free and vegan alternatives every day for those who desire such.  Though I am not one of them, they still taste great.The owner regularly changes the types of cupcakes to what ingredients are fresher and more in-season.  I even had one that had tomatoes, bay leaves and some other items that you wouldn't associate with a cupcake. And it was great!  Their chocolates and hot chocolate are also very good.The one issue that I've seen has to do with catering.  My friend and his fiancee tried to use them for their wedding.  The owner had told them it would be a week for the estimate.  After two months, they hadn't heard anything.  So I would be cautious on that aspect.Other than that, this is a great place for a snack or dessert.  You can even enjoy your food outside when the weather is cooperative.
5	Outstanding vegan cookies! Maybe the best vegan frosting I have ever had. I am so happy to have a good vegan bakery in both towns where we live (Madison and Troy, NY).
5	Favorite place to stop for a sweet treat! I have yet to try something I didn't like. Bloom uses peanut butter and preserves from local companies and also sells the products in their retail area. In winter you can pick up homemade marshmallows for hot cocoa. (Yum!) Time tested favorites (I discovered Bloom mere months after they opened in 2010): Salted Carmel Brownies, Brookies, Lemon Bars (my dad is a lemon bar fanatic, we used a Bloom Lemon Bar as a replacement cake at his last birthday, he said its the best he's ever had),  Whoopies, carrot cake cupcake, cookies and cream cupcake, and banana chocolate chip with chocolate or chocolate peanut butter frosting. Annemarie (the owner) and her staff are super friendly and always helpful. Now that we live within mere minutes Bloom is the go to stop for my boyfriend and I when we need dessert.
5	These are the best cupcakes in or around Madison. It's a locally owned shop that goes out of its way to have a large selection made with local ingredients. I'm never disappointed when I visit. I've tried at least 18 different kinds of their cupcakes. Not sure what my favorites would be, but I love the Wedding Cake, Carrot Cake, Almond Blueberry, Margarita and many more!
5	An amazing little gem in downtown Middleton.  You're always met with a smile and a case full of delicious, pretty, locally focused treats!  You feel like you're in a cool grandmas kitchen...love Bloom!
5	Thus far my fiance and I have tried a variety of wedding cupcakes from 7 different venues; I'd say that Bloom definitely outshines the rest.  However, while I prefer moist, dense cupcakes such as those found at Bloom, my fiance tends to prefer a lighter weight cupcake with lighter, whipped frosting (more like Daisy's Cupcakery).  Needless to say, it was not his absolute favorite but was impressed by their creativity, professionalism, and use of local ingredients.  The winning cupcake for me was the all natural heavy vanilla and he gave in to the chocolate ganache.  He remarked that the heavy vanilla was too sweet for him.Unfortunately they don't fit into our budget (and it's killing me!) so we have to go with another venue.  But if you don't plan on having a lot of guests and/or your budget is flexible, I'd definitely recommend setting up a consultation with them.  I believe it's $3.25/cupcake for specialty flavors and $3.00/vanilla or chocolate cupcakes (they estimate ~1.5 per guest).  They're very accommodating and willing to try any new recipes per the bride's request (particularly for allergies or intolerances). The wedding consultant that we met with was very warm and friendly.  She brought photo albums from various events they catered for which was very helpful.
5	This is my favorite place for cupcakes.  They have a great selection of vegan/gluten free cupcakes, and you can't even tell they are not "regular" cupcakes.  I highly recommend stopping in and giving them a try!  A good place if you are more of a "cake" person than a "frosting" person.  Super friendly staff.
5	I was first introduced to Bloom when a friend brought over gluten-free cupcakes for my family - I can eat gluten, but the other three in my family are celiac.  These were amazing cupcakes, absolutely delicious - you wouldn't know they were gluten-free ("GF") if you weren't told.  I've also sampled their regular non-GF cupcakes and wow - scrumptious.  So I asked them to make a GF birthday cake - 10" round, one layer of chocolate, one layer of vanilla, raspberry filling in between the layers, and buttercream (non-dairy) frosting.  It was beautifully decorated, and as an unexpected surprise, the lined the bottom with chocolate-filled fresh raspberries.  It was one of the best cakes (GF or otherwise) I've ever had.  The family enjoyed it thoroughly.  We are now frequent Bloom customers, and have yet to be disappointed.
5	our favorite cupcakes in the madison-area and the cupcakes we served at our wedding reception and nearly every other event we attend that requires a special bakery dessert. bonus points for many gluten-free options and such a local focus. cannot recommend highly enough!
5	My family and I went to Bloom last week and it greatly exceeded our expectations.  You can easily tell how passionate they are for their work and supporting the local community.  The cupcakes were spot on, our favorites being the chocolate cayenne and beet.  Bloom is a must-stop when in Middleton and I wish Annemarie the best of luck. Can't wait to see the winter menu!
5	Bloom makes me swoon. Eating their gluten free peppermint brownie inspires the first lines of various haikus, haikus I inevitably don't finish because I am too busy finishing said brownie. Its texture is similar to their gluten free chocolate cupcakes, fluffy with fudgy mini chocolate chips mixed in, but since I love their gluten free chocolate cupcakes, I'm content.Their blondie is everything I didn't realize blondies could be. My mother baked hers until they were dark and crunchy and more tawny than blondie. Bloom's gluten free blondies were gooey and melty and too large to justify eating in one sitting but too delicious not to finish anyway.I might be able to bake a batch of cookies or cupcakes at the same cost, but it wouldn't be as satisfying as one taste of Bloom.
5	I was doing an experimental gluten-free diet per doctor's orders and I REALLY needed something baked and delicious. I was simply looking around online for gluten-free options and I stumbled upon Bloom. Oh my God, was it a find! I went in one day and, with the help of the very friendly staff, I chose some cupcakes. They were divine. They're sweet, but not TOO sweet, and they don't try to make up for anything by piling frosting on top - I HATE cupcakes with 3 inches of frosting. The cupcake should be the star of the show with the frosting as a supporting actor. And that's exactly how it is at Bloom. I'm not gluten-free anymore, as the diet showed I'm not allergic, but I still frequent Bloom for their delicious sweet treats. It's something that I can have as a treat once a week and not feel the least bit guilty about it.
5	You can't go wrong at Bloom. Their unique flavors are incredible, and their vanilla is one of the best I've had! The gluten free chocolate is even better than their regular chocolate! Always something new. Better than any place I've had in Chicago or Madison.
4	Bloom is a delightful little place. From the perfectly themed decor to the cheery row of colorful KitchenAids visible from the street, everything fits together to create a charming, cohesive environment. The staff is friendly, helpful, and welcoming, and the treats - well, the treats are just perfect. It's amazing to have delicious, high-quality vegan sweets in Middleton. They're not for the sugar-haters, though - every option I've tried was sweet as can be. I personally find them a little too sweet, but for the occasional indulgence, they sure hit the spot. Every cupcake I've tried has been a winner, with seasonally influenced flavors and just the right amount of frosting. The blondie is a rich, chewy dream. The cookie-whoopie pies are good, but I can only handle a couple bites - that's how sugary they are! Oh - and most of those vegan treats are also gluten-free. I was admittedly disappointed when I learned that, simply because my experience with other GF baked goods in Madison has been incredibly disappointing. (Note: I'm not GF by any means, but it seems that bakeries like to make their vegan goods GF, probably so they don't have to create three versions of each baked good.) But Bloom exceeded my expectations - you'd never guess that their GF treats are, in fact, GF. I'm holding back on one star mostly because I think their baked goods are a little pricy. They're fine for an occasional treat, but $3+ for a cupcake adds up quickly.
5	Bloom. Bloom is everything you would ever want a bakery to be. From the perfect turquoise colored walls to the beautiful bakery display case, Bloom nails it. From their cupcakes to their cookies to their Blondies, all your essentials are covered. I have been in and out of Bloom since moving to the area last year and this week, during their 3rd birthday celebration, I decided I need to go in there more often. Their staff are incredibly cheerful and know what they are doing. Many of their baked goodies come in GF form. While I do not need to adhere to a gluten free diet, as a baker myself I can appreciate a fantastic baked good that is made sans gluten. Stop in. Get a coffee and start talking to them. The kitchen is wide open and has adorable glass jars of various sprinkles adorning the shelves. And while you are there, harass the guys to start making more baked creations using local beers. Beer+Goodies=heaven.
5	Why haven't I known about this place??!! I am in love! I just had the best cupcake of my life: a vegan, gluten-free vanilla strawberry rhubarb cupcake. The chocolate ganache  was out of this world. The whoopie cookie was ridiculous! Unreal! We were handed a chilled glass bottle of water and some small mason jars to pour it in, while we ate in the shop. The owner is gorgeous, vibrant, and cheerful! Charming to the max! I can't get enough. I plan on returning soon, and often. I have already told a ton of friends about it, and I will be telling more more more!
5	Absolute must visit and taste!Take out or sit at window counter if you can't wait till you get home.Super cute decor mixed with the scent of cupcakes, you can't go wrong.Delicious cupcakes, cakes, cookies and bars.Favorite may still be the lemon curd cupcake, but will never turn down their craft beer and chocolate combinations on Friday's. Many vegan, gluten free options as well.Coffee is excellent.I am a fan.
5	Bloom is adorable. Nestled in the sleepy town of Middleton, you get an organic, freshly-baked-treats cafe with fantastic treats and well-prepared coffee from smiling faces in a charming, open-kitchen environment. We tried only the fruity buckle cupcake, but it was super tasty. I'm quite a buckle fan, and I know how they should taste. They should taste like Bloom's cupcake (although usually a buckle is in coffee-cake form). Nonetheless, I deeply enjoyed the fruity handheld version.Being concerned with the origin of my food, I also appreciated the list of farms and organic nature of the ingredients in Bloom's goods (even the vanilla!). If you're less of a snob (or insert whatever noun fits there), then just enjoy the treats and know you need not worry about the pieces; they've all been well thought out. Well done, Bloom. Well done, small-town Wisconsin!
1	My boyfriend and I decided to try Bloom after hearing good things about it.  We each got a cupcake.  We were disappointed that the cupcakes were really dry.  They were so dry we just ended up throwing them out.  It was late in the day, but I still expected a good product.
4	About 1/2 the options are vegan and/or gluten free.  Tried the lemon and chocolate+orange vegan cupcakes.  Really good.  The only gotcha is that they are a low volume business so they may run out of your favorites early.  They ask that orders over a dozen are placed in advance.
5	I think cupcakes are so expected that they are also easy to disappoint now.Bloom has never disappointed me.Thank you, Bloom. (I call for raspberry almond cupcakes ALL THE TIME)
5	I just returned home to Chicago after visiting Madison for my birthday weekend.  I wasn't the one that found this gem of a bakery, all of the credit goes to my amazing boyfriend who did his research and found out that Bloom has an ENORMOUS selection of vegan treats.We took home one of each, which meant 8 different varieties of vegan cupcakes, a vegan whoopie pie, and a vegan chocolate chip blondie.  Each one was better than the next.  I am quite a connoisseur of vegan desserts and baked goods, and trust me that Bloom is worth the stop!! I will definitely be back.
4	Great vegan cakes!I had a situation in which I needed to get vegan birthday cake quickly for a last minute family event.  I was terrified I wouldn't be able to get a cake in time for the event.I left a message at Bloom and was called back the next business day.  I was able to order 2 wonderful vegan cakes (I am not vegan and still found them to be soooo good).  They had them ready for me with time to spare and I was able to make my nephew's day with a cake he and his family could eat!  The cakes were a bit pricey compared to run of the mill grocery store cakes - but well worth the price for a speciality cake.
5	This bakery and the staff ROCK!! They were able to make our wedding cake with just a week notice!! Sent sample cakes home, delivered the cake , and above all, gluten free! stellar service, scrumptious cake!!Thank you!!
5	I shipped these wonderful cakes and they got lost in the mail arrived in 6 days and instead of 1-2 and they arrived totally tasty and fresh!! Make a great gift for christmas with the post office like 600 feet away!!  I am lucky to live near this wonderful place... it is fun to go grab a little baked goods on a cold winters day. Treat yourself!!!  The staff here is SOOOO awesome and amazingly helpful! The ingredients here are amazing I had a Sweet Potato and chai donut that was amazing!
3	Disappointed. I like taking chances with flavors but master the basics first. The vanilla cupcake was dense, mealy and dry. The frosting was a bit gritty to boot.
5	Smitten. That's what I am.I want to find a tree and carve IZZY + BLOOM into its bark with a jackknife. I want to put a big heart around it, nice and deep so it stays there for a long time. For years, as people pass by that tree they will wonder, was that girl in love with a bake shop? The answer is yes, passerby of the future, she was.I'm SO into their vegan and gluten free options. Appealing to the people with weird diets with sweets? Nailed it. Yesterday I tasted the raspberry vanilla cupcake which comes with jam in the middle and the most decadent vanilla frosting you could ever imagine. Their little corner in Middleton is adorable and will definitely be seeing this face many, many more times.
5	Wow. This place has a super clean and bright atmosphere, delicious French pressed coffee, and a beautiful selection of vegan and gluten free donuts, cupcakes, and cookies (it's so nice to have options in a bakery again!) The spiced chai cupcake was nice and spicy, the lemon poppyseed had a nice freshness, and the unbeetable beet was unique and delicious. I think I found my favorite little corner bakery, but why do I live so far away?All of their caramel, marshmallows, etc are made in house from scratch - pretty rare to see that anymore. The service was also great! Exactly what you would want a little bakery to be like. Great job! Keep up the good work!
5	Yum yum yum yum yum.  Now I am craving a cupcake from here, which I haven't had in several years!  One of my professors brought cupcakes from this place to a board review.  I don't really even like sweets, but took one to humor him.  OMG, after I tasted it, I was HOOKED.  Really flavorful, rich, not too sweet.  Seems a lot of cupcake places put TOO much frosting on, but I think Bloom does a perfect balance of cake and frosting.  Was always worth the drive to Middleton when I lived in Stoughton and was working in Madison.
5	I've been back *numerous* times... (checks waistband) Yeah, let's just call it numerous... since my first review, and I'm happy to report that things are still excellent.+ Whoopie pies - I'm a sucker for these things. Dangle one in front of me, and I'll do anything. + Staff - lovely. So nice, friendly, upbeat, and cool. + Setting - excellent. + Weddings - yes, wedding cakes/cupcakes!! They provided the cupcakes for my boss's wedding, and wow. So good. Cinnamon roll cupcakes - are you kidding me?!Long story short, this is a fantastic business that continues to make delicious goodies. Kudos.
4	Hello my name is Heather, and I'm a chocoholic.  It's been less than 24 hours since my last chocolate.  But in terms of this particular review, it was a few weeks ago that a friend bought me an 8 inch vegan chocolate cake, which just also happened to be gluten free.  When I first saw the cake I resisted the urge to just face plant into it.  However, when they asked me how big a piece I wanted, I did not hold back, and asked for a piece that was almost the size of 1/4 the cake.  I told you I have a problem.  From the first bite all the bells and whistles were going off in my head, mmm chocolatey goodness.  I actually couldn't finish it because it was very rich, oh but I wanted to, and after a few hours I went back and I did!  Muhahaha!  Then the next morning for breakfast, guess what I had?  Yep.  They recommended refrigerating the cake, and then taking it out 2 hours before serving.  That's because straight out of the fridge it was very hard.  However, once it had warmed up to room temp, it was perfect.  Though, over two days of being in the fridge after being dug into, it does dry it out.  But even then it was still really good. An 8 inch vegan/gluten free cake cost 66 bucks.  Yikes!  But once a year is sooooooo worth it, and as far as I know, they are the only place in the Madison area that does vegan cakes.  I haven't tried their other vegan stuff yet.  I went there on a Monday to discover that they were closed.  I stood on their stoop and looked like the fat kid who didn't get the chocolate cake.  They are closed Sundays and Mondays, remember that or you too will has a sad.
4	Stopped here today for a few sweets, and I wasn't disappointed! I had a hard time choosing, everything looked so pretty!  Here were the three things I purchased - I swear I shared them with my family and didn't eat them all myself! ;)Salted Caramel Brownie - sweet, ooey-gooy, very good.  It was so moist that it didn't taste like a typical brownie, which is a good thing. No frosting - also a good thing.Lemon Curd Cupcake - sad to say, but a little disappointing.  The cake was bland, the curd was good, the frosting was not impressive. But, it sure looked cute.Almond Blackberry Cupcake - cupcake perfection. Seriously - I almost got back in my car and drove back to buy out the rest of them.  The cake was sweet and moist, the blackberry filling tasted fresh and delicious, and the frosting was perhaps the best cupcake frosting I've ever had. I'm not a frosting person at ALL. Often I scrape it off and don't eat it...this was crazy good.I will definitely be back to try out their other items!
5	Yesterday, we bought a classic vanilla cupcake and the cinnamon roll cup cake. Both were very good, they are our favorite cup cakes. I really like their whoopie pies too. I always eat their baked goods the day I buy them because they do not keep.
5	It doesn't get any better than Bloom. What wonderful treats--superb selection, wholesome ingredients, and reasonable prices for the provided quality and delight. :)
4	Wow-- got an assortment of vegan, gluten free cupcakes for an event at work.  These tasted like awesome homemade, from-scratch cupcakes.  These are not the monstrosities topped with 4" stacks of high-fructose corn syrup and who knows what.  From a taste perspective, there is no way you would think these were vegan or gluten free (most people who ate them had no clue).  Of course, I'm not fooling myself into thinking these were "healthy" by any stretch!  But a great indulgence...They were on the high end, price wise, but on the even higher end, quality-wise.
5	I live an hour away and if you asked me to meet you there right now I would. Every time I am anywhere near Middleton I stop for one (or 4 cupcakes) with my kids and husband. The gluten free options are incredible and not that dry gluten free crap other places like to feed you. Plus, how adorable is the interior?! I am always for a tiny, straight to the point, delicious restaurant and Bloom is the cupcake shop of my dreams. Down to the carafe of water and mason jars. Way to go Bloom!
5	So I am so glad ive found this gem... my boyfriend not so much but only because I make him come with me, to indulge. muhaha. Now lets talk about the good stuff, the cupcakes! So delicious, moist, and the frosting is to DIE for. The cinnamon roll cupcake has become a favorite for us, im also a huge fan of the fruit ones too, lemon um YUM! Be sure to get here early on a friday or saturday that way you have more of a choice as you can imagine these babies fly off the self, as im writing this im thinking about if ill get off work early enough to stop there! Also the owner and the gentleman with the beard are fantastic as well as all the cashiers, always so friendly! Ps the french press coffee is a must if you have a few minutes to wait
5	I have been wanting to come to this bakery since a long time ago but for some reason whenever I remembered it was either a sunday or a monday (they are closed those days) and I always ended up going home feeling sad :(Luckily, yesterday after work a light came on inside my head and I thought "today is TUESDAY, that means they are open today!!" yeiiiiiiiiiiiiiii, so I went. Once you are in, you feel like you just stepped into your grandma's kitchen kind of because of the smells of fresh baked goods and the nice decorations with old canisters, bread baskets and table runners in pastel colors. A young lady greeted me with a genuine smile, I told her it was my first time and and she kindly made some recommendations to me which I appreciated a lot. I ended up buying a chocolate cupcake, a carrot one with a cream cheese frosting, one that was called "the monkey" (it had chocolate chips, some cinammon and fresh banana pieces!) a ginger cookie and a brownie. To make it short I was IMPRESSED by the texture of all of them, once you bite into them, there is not crumbs to be worried about, they also have the right amount of sweetness, I did not feel that grainy end once you swallow, you know what i am talking about? When you keep clearing your throat because of the 5 cups of sugar you just had?? NONE of that with these beauties!! I could taste every single ingredient in such a fresh way! I am not a big fan of cream cheese frosting but this one was sooo good!  My faves were the carrot cupcake and the brownie.......I will be back for sure and the best part is that my dentist would not even notice I didn't behave haha! ;)
5	Pumpkin Doughnut. Cinnamon Roll Cupcake. Pumpkin Cupcake with Rum/Cream Cheese Frosting. These are 3 reasons you need to get yourself to Bloom NOW. Want some others? The show is lovely. Annemarie and her bakery team are lovely. The Regal Find next door is lovely. There's little reason you shouldn't check them out. Vegan? They have you covered. Gluten free? Covered. And the quality is simply outstanding! I'll be the first to admit that I'm not a cupcake lover, or a cake lover for that matter. But Bloom fills bakery cases with such lovely things, there's so much more to the bake shop than just cupcakes. Make your way to Middleton. Grab some sweets, while you're there you can also pick up Mad Urban Bees Honey, Quince & Apple Preserves and mouth rocking Yumbutter. Because Annemarie is so cool, she features cool things from other cool people!
5	Is this real life?I'm floored by this little bakery and its staff.  Annemarie is so welcoming and you can tell that she is so passionate about what she does. She has a spark in her eyes when talking about how all her ingredients are fresh and locally sourced. It makes you feel inspired, but more importantly it makes you hungry! They have treats designed for any diet. Those that avoid gluten or animal products can still indulge in amazing cupcakes, doughnuts, cookies, biscuits, and more. They even have a separate kitchen devoted to gluten-free baking.Not only does Annemarie and staff devote their time to making delicious baked goods, they are also deeply involved with the Middleton small-business community. It is heartwarming to see small-business thriving and helping each other to produce amazing food or goods. Seriously, stop in and satisfy your sweet tooth!Oh! And soon Bloom will be featuring breakfast sandwiches. They are out of this world. So, stop in and satisfy your savory tooth as well :)
5	I really like the combination of the team's story here, and oh yes their delicious food. Annemarie and her team here are incredibly welcoming and it seems really believe in their food. Operating with a small group of people, in a smaller space, makes for some really personal, thoughtful food, and it shows. Their vegan, gluten-free rosemary biscuits were incredibly, as were their newly introduced butter biscuits. I love their space, and I'll definitely be back!
