4	A must visit for a taste of curry and chips. We spent a great time with friends and family one evening and loved everything about the place. We stuck with nibbles and beer and it was fantastic. The curry and chips were addictive and the beer was brought quickly and often - what is not to like about that ! The staff was a hoot and had plenty of personality to handle the group of ruffians they were waiting on. I had a great time and will be back.
3	well in general it did'nt float my boat i thought the menu especially the happy hour apps were boring. They had a decent selection of beers on tap  and the dude behind the bar was very congenial, I did have a burg and fries which I thought were good but for some reason the place leaves me cold like the english weather.
4	My English hubby and I were delighted to find a good British place by our house. We were not fans of Molly Brannigans so we were skeptical. To our surprise the food was really good. My husband loved the fish and chips served with haddock as it should be and the cottage pie was supper yummy. We also did the app of curry and chips - again served the proper British way. The bar had a great selection of beers including cider. It has been the best proper British food we have found in Mesa, Gilbert area. I recommend it.
4	Tonight EVFN (East Valley Friday Night) was held here and I have to say... I had some really good liver and onions.   The liver was thinner than I'm used to but I really enjoyed it.   The yorkshire pudding was good and the waiter recommended a side of rice that was really good.  I had a taste of their Cottage Pie and it was good too.   I love different types of food and this is nice place to sit have a few beers and just chill.  Oh our waiter Brandon, Rocked!  He apologized for the delay and not getting to us right away but he was wonderful. I recommend this place if you are looking for something out of the ordinary for Phoenix and surrounding areas.
3	Not as good as Molly Brannigan's, but a decent pub none the less.
4	First visit last night and I'll be back. Our #evfn group had been invited to meet here this week, and there was a whole room set aside just for us. Service people Brandon and Ashley were cheerful and hopping the whole time. We tend to migrate/socialize table to table and they did an excellent job keeping up with the movement.I had the chicken pie and a generous side salad and couldn't finish it all. And although they didn't carry my usual Strongbow, the Blackthorn cider was excellent. I expect this stop to become a regular.
1	Met up with the #evfn group here on Friday night.  The group was fun but the venue not so much.  Most of the food was good but not outstanding, and the veggies I got were burnt and so was the roll.  Service was slow and spotty.  We had to ask for things several times, and then to get stuck with a gratuity on top of it was the final straw.  Maybe next time they will get it right, but so far I'm not impressed.
4	After reading the reviews I went here last night. Overall it was a great experience. We planned to sit inside but within 10 seconds knew it was going to be too loud. So outside it was - from there it was perfect to listen to the band (Beatles covers - very good) and it really added to the atmosphere. The misters did bother me were the misters - I love them but they do tend to get everything wet, including the food. I was cringing as the drops fell on the yorkshire pudding ... couldn't eat it fast enough! Plus they kept blowing in my face and on my purse - the whole empty right side of the table. We both ordered the fish and it came very quickly - they should pace the serving a bit, because the appetizer wasn't finished and I had the salad left to go - ended up packing both. However the fish was awesome - and so big - I was flabbergasted. Ate maybe a third of it. Also loved the pear cider - so much so I'm going looking for it today. Surprised my husband, as I've never liked beer or similar drinks ...Server very nice, as was the manager who was also checking tables - a nice touch. Nice location, walking area, shops, etc. but I was surprised (and a bit saddened) to see it so empty on a Saturday - any ideas why? Will definitely go again.
4	I like this place.I was with the previously mentioned group of EVFN'ers. We can be a loud, obnoxious group at times and we tend to keep servers confused by playing musical chairs.But Brandon was cool, he even handled the people hassling him about his shoes with ease. (And seriously, his shoes? Who cares?). Ashley was excellent, and pretty easy on the eyes too. Of course that shouldn't really matter, but it does...I had the Haddock fish and chips, which was *excellent*. I wasn't sure what to do with the curry stuff that came with it but damn, anything with curry and whole chunks of garlic has got to be fabulous. I just ate it with a fork and dipped my fish in it. Whether I did that right or not, it was delightful.A decent (though not overwhelming) beer selection. Pub-like atmosphere, good food, good service. What's not to like?
2	Oh Molly, Oh Molly, where art thou Oh Molly. We've only tried this place ponce since the closure of Molly Braniganns. Not much has changed except for poor food. The atmosphere is still about the same. You do get an English bar feel when inside, but the food has gone south. If you're out for drinks only and can take advantage of their happy hour, it might be for you.
4	Update from this friday. Awesome band again, but really loud - conversation's just impossible anywhere after they start. I also forgot to mention that this place introduced me to pear cider, which I always will remember and thank it for. But anyway, we went for the all-you-can-eat fish fry, which once again was excellent. I also really like the fries here - better flavor than almost anywhere I've tried. I made the mistake though of skipping the fish and trying the newly-added pasty. Cheese, onion and potato in case you're interested. However, all I could see and taste was potato inside. I managed a few bites and then sat there depressed while good fish was being consumed all around me. And my conscience wouldn't let me grab it. After a bit, Ashley came by and so nicely agreed to bring me a piece of fish instead. If you read this, thank you! That saved my night. Just finished the leftovers yesterday and am already missing them ... Can't wait till fall to sit out and listen to the band ...
4	Preparing for an upcoming trip to Ireland, I decided to stop by a pub for lunch - and Shakespeare's is the closest one I know. I have driven past it before, but never stopped. Just past noon on a Saturday it was mostly empty. The host gave me my choice of bar, low top or high top. I selected the high top and was escorted to the back room, alone and in the somewhat dimly lit corner. Just to my liking!  The waiter kept calling my "boss", which I liked and accepted as recognition of my powerful appearance rather than the sarcastic method of calling a bald person "curly" or a short person "stretch"...I started with a nice, cold Smithwick's ale. I ordered the cod fish and chips with mushy peas - and to my surprise it arrived very quickly. The meal included fries and two pieces of fish. The first piece was a good size and very tasty - crisp outside, tender and flaky inside. Looking down at the second piece - holy cow! Grabbing it I felt as if I just reeled in a whooper on the Bass Masters Tour. That baby was 13" long - and I know what 13" looks like...I wear a 13" shoe...look at the size of the fish compared to the large pint glass in the photo. Impressive!Needless to say, I couldn't finish the second piece of fish and left half of the fries. The restaurant was nice and quiet in the back, but I am sure it fills up when bands are there, karaoke and maybe trivia night - but for a quiet Saturday where one is looking for dimly lit solitude and a nice ale, this did the job.
3	The English are known for many great and wonderful things, unfortunately the culinary arts isn't one of them.  Certain Pub items are, however, a decent option for those looking for an English like ambiance to watch a  soccer game or something.We were fans of the old Molly Brannigan's.  We were sad to see it close its doors.  We were somewhat amused when the Irish flag was taken down and replaced with a Union Jack.  We were hesitant to visit at first for fear of being there when the IRA exacted revenge.  (J/K)We finally visited the pub and found that the ambiance and menu were very similar to Molly's.  The Fish and Chips are almost as good and very flavorful.  Some of the traditional British items, however, were downright boring and insipid.  But I blame that more on the British culture then the folks at the restaurant who are trying to breathe life into these dishes.  The Yorkshire pudding is downright comical.  Whoever created that dish should be given an award for creating the most uninspiring item since beans and rice.All in all a decent place.  Pretty good food and a good place to gather and watch a game.
5	Went there for lunch with my mom, who is from England.  A lot of great choices and great atmosphere.  Try the Cornish Pasty, it was great and just like mom used to make, that is if your mom is from the UK.
2	To cap off a night in the east valley (what the hell is wrong with me?) we stopped at Shakespeare's. The first thing I noticed is the obviously Irish motif. Celtic writing on the walls, mostly Irish feel, and even some Irish specialties on the menu. The restaurant, however, is supposed to be an English pub???? I understand this is the old Molly Brennigan's and they bought it, so I ask why not either keep it an Irish pub, or if you want an English Pub, remodel it?Anyway, they had one guy working, and the place was full of soda drinking, apparently underage mormon girls singing bad disney songs on karaoke. I wanted to leave but my friend who lived in the area said it was the only choice around. Ok, I'll stick it out, we can make it fun. When after the first round, we didn't see the bartender for upwards of 20 minutes, we took it upon ourselves to grab our own beers, and got our money out and still planned on paying the $4 per beer AND leaving him a tip just to keep him happy. He must have seen us during his karaoke escapades because he ran over and told us to leave. I reminded him (I was sober) that I told him I'd get my own beer if he didn't come back and he politely said ok. I didn't know it was illegal and I took him seriously when he said it was fine. Oh well, this place is bad service and a confused identity. Teach me to go out in Mesa, right?
3	This place is not bad if you're a fan of traditional English fare, which I'm not, but I was hungry and it was open and nearby. We sat outside on the patio which was fabulous.Our waiter was nice and prompt. The drinks were not on the menu, but I ordered a chocolate milk and my roomie ordered a Dr. Pepper. There also was no dessert on the menu.Their price point is right around $10 and I was looking for a $5 meal. Ah! Well, it was open and nearby. HahaSo I ended up getting the cheddar cheese, onion and mashed potatoe cornish pasty and my roommate ordered the chicken pie with the Bubble and Squeek which is potatoes, cabbage and onions.My cornish pasty was DELICIOUS, the crust was perfect, the cheesy was a melted goodness, and mashed potatoes were yummy. MMM mm MMOur meals were a bit on the heavy side, my roommate brought half of hers home in fact.Anyway, good English meal if you like that sort of thing. No complaints.
3	this place does what it was designed to do: get you drunk. which is just fine by me. located in a classier strip mall, this place is actually surprisingly large when you walk inside. decked out in the usual "we are trying to be an irish pub but fail miserably" decor, this place has all the guinness and harp signs on the walls that you will ever need. service was friendly and fast and the bartendress even drew shamrocks in the foam of the guinnesses with the tap. the music act left much to be desired but the drunk cougars falling on their asses provided much entertainment. i also noted that this place shows EPL games. bonus!
2	Stopped in the first time a few months back to see The Insomniacs perform.  Service was less than desirable but the place was busy so I let it pass.  The 14oz. beers they call "Pints" were also a little disheartening when I got the bill & discovered how much I was paying for them.  Decided to give it another try last week & was even more disapointed than on the 1st visit.  We sat down at a table and ordered drinks with the lunch special cottage pie.  The place was almost empty and the service was still terrible!  Never saw our server again!We decided to move to the bar for better service, which was much better.  Despite better service at the bar, our food took 45min. to arrive, and arrived cold.   I asked to speak to a manager the bartender identified as Sean.  As you might guess he never came by.  He did however walk by a few times giving us strange looks?  The bartender said he was also cooking/busy & that he wasn't very good at it.  OK!  The place gets 2 Stars for the nice ambiance and a good beer selection, even if the glasses are only 14oz.  They obviously put ALOT of money into building the place. How about the food, service & a REAL pint of beer?  We live fairly close to Shakespears & might come more often if they got on their game.
5	I will start this by saying I have not actually ever been to an English Pub - but I have been out to eat pretty much everywhere!  I took my Gram and 2 daughters here for some lunch on a Wednesday.The awesome:*the bar is beautiful and the decore is really cool.  Neat mismatched chairs, tables and benches.  *the food!  We shared a Mediterranean salad and Braised Beef & Ale with bubble & squeak, one daughter had the mashed taters & gravy and the other had a cheeseburger & fries.  The fries were SO good!  I cannot wait to go back and order the fish & chips.  I can only imagine how delish they would be.  The braised beef was beyond good and my daughter raved about the mashed potatoes (apparently they were the best she has ever had, period.)  The salad was large and the grilled chicken was flavorful.*the price!  We got out of there for under $30!  nice!*the server was super friendly and wonderful.  Not too chatty but enough to be friendly and establish rapport quickly.*the water - sounds silly, I know.  But my Gram commented on how you could tell it was filtered and not plain ol' nasty AZ tap water.  If it makes Gram happy - I'm happy.The OK:Took awhile for the food to come out - but it was totally worth it!I cant wait to bring hubby back to meet up some friends for drinks & food!  What a great, casual hang out!
2	I used to frequent this place when it was Molly Brannigans, and enjoyed the great service. The food was well priced, and the place was always fairly busy. When it changed to Shakespeare's I was curious and stopped in. To my dismay the food was more expensive, and the service was lacking. I ordered my usual (fish and chips, and a couple bears) and was happy with the food, and not so happy with the price. Fast forward to tonight, Me and my Fiance decided to try it again, as we had a event that called for some celebration. We walk in to see a white piece of paper with "Bathrooms for Customers Only" sign on the nice door. We then entered at waited at the hostess stand for a good 7-10 minutes. The bar tender seen us, but ignored us and was more interested in talking to two women at the bar. Finally a hostess/waitress sat us. We waited another ten minutes or so and I observed that she was the only waitress working, and she also had about 5-6 other tables (with parties of 2 or 4) to attend to. In addition she was the hostess. I asked her if she was the only waitress working, and she confirmed. We then thanked her, and stated we would go elsewhere. I guess the important lesson here is that in a "down economy" raising prices on the same food that was available at the same place, just with a different name, and skimping on customer service is a bad decision when your best menu items are priced moderately. If I go to a place to eat, and the meal it going to run me upwards of 45-50 dollars, I expect service to match. Once again I was sorely disappointed given the past great experiences I have had when it was Mollys. I will not attempt to eat here again, there are places that value their customers, and are more eager to deliver a pleasant experience.
3	Went in with a buddy for an after work drink.  I was really looking forward to a good beer.   The beer menu offered some interesting choices, however not as expansive as I was hoping for.
4	Sunday night dinner. After Christmas and shopping, not very crowded, we had an entire room, six tables, to ourselves since we asked for a quiet table. It's next to Barnes & Noble, so the location is perfect for me.Don't usually go to pubs because pub grub is usually heavier than I like. And sadly, I don't drink much anymore. But I had drunk some stellar beer the week before, and wanted to have some more.  We had 2 kinds of beer on tap, and one was slightly better than the other, and the food was better than most pubs I've been to.When we arrived, we were told at least three times in three minutes that the host would be right there.  He was, and started bringing us to the back, but he was stopped by a waitress who reminded him that we wanted a quiet place, and the front room was empty. Our waitress was very good; cheery, competent, but not annoying. The menu is small, and has mostly British dishes on it.  Hubs had the Traditional Sunday Roast, and it was delicious. He kept raving about the gravy. I had the Fish and Chips, with cod, and they were cooked exceptionally well. The fish was heavily battered but grease free. Hubs saw a pool of something on my plate and asked if it was oil? Nope! It was juice. The two pieces were @ 12 inches long, and I couldn't finish the second piece. The fries...ah, the fries...heaven. Probably why I couldn't finish the fish. The cole slaw was an afterthought, and the only let-down. Next time I'll remember to ask for the curry sauce instead and I'll try the haddock. And the cider.
4	Scotch eggs!
4	Formerly Shakespear's Pub, now The Harp.  Great beer selection and not overly pricey for the beers that they have on tap.  The bar tending staff is friendly and very knowledgeable.  Has plenty of outdoor seating as well.
4	Harp is the new name of what used to be Shakespeare's Pub. We had the all-you-can-eat fish fry on Friday night (cod is offered on this special; not haddock). We asked for "lite breading" so we could have some fish with our fry. It was pretty good. Much better than what Shakespeare's offered. Really like their beer selection! Very nice. Service was much better also. Hope they keep us their quality food & service offerings. I'll be going back for another try!
1	Really disappointed about this place.  My girlfriend and I were looking forward to this restaurant mainly because they sell Scottish (Celtic) eggs and it's close to where I live. However, let me say that this was the worst service I've ever received at a restaurant. After we ordered our food, I mentioned to the server the yelp discount and he just said "ok", and that was the last we saw of him. Some else brought out our food which wasn't nearly as great as the previous reviews claimed.  We waited over 30 minutes after we had finished eating and just wanted the bill. He would occasionally look in our direction and then walk away. We watched a table of 4 come in after us, get their food and check and left before us. We finally flagged over a waitress to at least get our check. We complained how bad our server was and she didn't have anything nice to say about that particular server either.  It was truly a disappointing experience. Probably never go back there again.
4	For those who were fans of The Harp's previous incarnations - Molly Brannigans and Shakespeare's - you'll find the same pub atmosphere and pub grub.  My only complaint is the Friday afternoon that my friend and I stopped by for a couple of drinks, they seemed very under-staffed.  We had to wait for the initial drink and food order and refills had to be expressly asked for by flagging down our waiter.  The staff's friendliness made up for the wait.
1	I would not suggest this place to anyone. I went here with a group of friends, and afterwards we all felt sick for the next day even though we had all ordered something different. On top of that, our waiter was not very interested in having us be there. We ran out of drinks, had our order taken wrong, and while we were waiting forever to get our check I went to go to the restroom and she was sitting at a table eating with one of the other waiters. And this was on a Friday at 6:30pm.
4	This pub is great! The food is good the beer selection is large. Prices are fair.
1	The waitress at the bar was very rude. As soon as my wife and I walked in and sat down at the bar, she came over and abruptly stated "last call for booze was half an hour ago" and  then just walked away. She could have have nicely stated that they are done serving alcohol for the night and if we would like to drink something else like ice tee, coffee, or soda. I can't believe this place. We left right away. Stay away from this place!!!
3	Service was slow (or at least the kitchen was) and when the server indicated that this "wasn't McDonald's" and promised food worth the wait he may have bit off more than he could chew...  The ambiance was traditional Irish pub. The food was OK. Sadly, can't offer a more enthusiastic endorsement. It's true: it wasn't McDonald's...
4	Service was not good at the beginning but that has changed greatly. I am a big fan of the live music venue!
1	This pub is now an Irish Pub. The fish n chips was heavy and oily and I could have made my sandwich better at home. I think this is the third or fourth change for this pub. Can't understand why a place with good location, good beer and possibilities of good food keep failing. Maybe it's because the food doesn't match.
2	The staff here is rude. I go there maybe once a month because my bf likes going there. So it's usually on a Friday night. There is one rude female bartender that acts so put off when someone wants to order a beer. Also, if your windows connecting the patio to the bar are broken, FIX THEM!!! You often feel ignored when you're here and trying to unwind from the week over some beers. All in all, it's just a horrible location for a bar. You can't see it from the road, plus the fact that it's changed business names three times now. Molly Brannigan's, then Shakespeare's, now The Harp. What's it gonna be called next? Ha!Oh and the bands are extremely WAY too loud. Especially if we're on the patio and the windows are closed because they are broken and I still can't hear myself think. This place just goes further downhill with each business name change.
2	Molly Brannigans, Shakespeare's Pub, and recently The Harp.  Same layout, same high prices, just never satisfying.  I don't think either the UK or Irish theme is working at this location, not sure why but the place just doesn't have any energy.  The food is heavy and the drinks are ok but overpriced.I'm not sure what would work - perhaps a completely new makeover. A high end sports bar would be a welcome departure.
3	It's a fine place, good beer(Guinness, Harp, Blue Moon, Shock Top on tap) English food (deep fried fish & fries), and bar food (burgers, sandwiches) nice decor. They have outside seating on the side of the building where they serve out a window to the bar. This fills the building with cigarette smoke. Very nice service. The bathrooms need attention at 2pm in the afternoon.It has so much potential but there is nothing really special at 2pm on a Saturday afternoon.
4	Great selection of beer...don't come if your looking for a party....decent live music on the weekend...food passes the test, nothing special, but not bad either.  You come for the beer....also in the winter months it's nice to be able to sit outside.  They carry all NFL games also.
4	I came here a few weeks ago on a date. It was a great first date atmosphere for me on a Saturday night because of the live music. It was entertaining. We sat at the bar and got our drinks from the bar tender. At first, she was great (asking if we wanted refills when she saw our glasses were empty) but as the night went on, she got more and more distracted and less attentive. I would have blamed it on the large crowd, but there was no one ordering drinks around us and she was talking to a waiter for most of the time. I was disappointed. The only reason why I gave this place 4 stars was because the live entertainment was THAT good. It was one man singing and playing his guitar. He sang a lot of songs the crowd knew (90s alternative mostly) and was really good at it. I was impressed by him, for sure.
5	I love this restrant .More restrant then pub .English and Irish dishes .Very clean .
5	They have A fire place inside , and they use it .Very nice , and clean .Easy to make friends .
3	This place was pretty cool. We only came in for a quick drink and sat on their huge patio.Id like to go back and try their food sometime, although it seems a bit large to be an Irish bar.
2	I came here for St. Patrick's Day and I must say I have experienced better even on a very crowded St. Patrick's Day. The bartenders were on point but the food didn't look that appetizing. I pondered getting the fish and chips but they just looked soggy on other patron's plates. Now this may be due to the hordes of people on St. Patrick's Day demanding fish and chips, so I'll have to give them another try on a less crowded day. For now, it was a 2 star experience.
1	HORRIBLE SERVICE - EXTREMELY RUDE MANAGER/OWNER. ASKED TO LEAVE UPON PAYING....My husband and I and a group of 4 friends decided to go here for St. Patty's Day.  We arrived early to get a table and avoid the crowd.We ordered drinks and dinner bringing our bill to over $200.  As soon as we paid our bill our waiter asked us to leave.  We were shocked, as we had hoped to hang out, have more drinks and enjoy the band.  We asked to speak to the manager.The manager, who is also one of the owners, was ruder than the waiter.  He told us he needed the table.  After spending so much money we could not believe the service we were getting.I would NOT recommend this to anyone.  I have never been asked to leave a restaurant I was still spending money at.  The purpose of getting there early on St. Patty's was to get a table and hang out.  I will never go back!
4	This place is one I've been frequenting lately. The beer is good, the bartenders are attentive. If you are a smoker you will enjoy the patio, as there are windows that the bartenders can open up to serve you while you smoke. I'll have to order some food next time and see how that is.No complaints!
1	Thought I'd give it another try, hoping they'd made an effort to improve on their food.  They haven't!
3	The food is okay (if you like Irish fare) and the draft selection is solid.It's a great pub with lots of dark wood paneling, plenty of space, tables and bar tables.The Irish Nachos are interesting (in a good way!) - waffle fries with cheese and corned beef, and my favorite draft is the Four Peaks Kilt Lifter.$1 off drafts during happy hour (until 7pm).
3	Not often we get out to the East Side, but we decided to take a road trip to Globe and needed some food before we got there.  I remembered the Kierland Common like mall they were building on Val Vista and so we stopped.  We came upon The Harp and saw it fitting for the start of our trip.Beautiful, huge space and decor was a common Irish pub, I can see this place going off at night if the crowds were right.  The food was OK.  We shared the potato skins, loaded with bacon, very good skins.  We also shared the Reuben and a side salad, basic Reuben except they cut their corned beef thick, which I like.  Overall it was very good, many drafts to choose from and we were served with a smile.  When we are on the East Side we may return, but of course others need reviewed and we like to try new things.
1	Met a friend at The Harp Pub & Restaurant today 7/26/12 during Happy Hour 3-7pm. We asked our server what was their specials during happy hour, which he promptly explained about the beer, wine and well drinks along with "all" the appetizers. First issue: when the bill came there was no happy hour price for our Celtic Platter. When we asked why he said, "oh yeah, well yeah, that one is not on the Happy Hour menu."  Next issue: we had the bill split between my friend and I but when he brought mine he said, "Ooops, I sort of charged you wrong the 1st time I ran your card ($26.+) so I ran it again and that "should" void the 1st charge and then I ran it for the correct amount." I asked him for a voided transaction slip and that's when he told me about him running the card again for the $26.+ which would hopefully void out. At this point I wanted the manager aware of the issue and I also wanted confirmation that this would be cleared because if you total the amount my card was ran for it comes to over $71.00 for a $19.+ bill. All the manager, John, in all his arrogance, had to say was will it really hurt you if it takes 5 days to clear your bank. Well John...YES it will. I work damn hard for my money and I don't want someone else to tie up my money when I choose to use it. I plan to spread the word about The Harps, rude manager and his lack of understanding along with the fact that his staff obviously have not been properly trained on their system. I work in a large company in the area and I hope this information spreads and hurts them so they learn this is not the right way to run a business.  By the way...I was NOT looking for anything free or taken off my bill. The fact that the manager, John was rude and lacked understanding for the issue is what made me write this.
4	Great Atmosphere, good service, Irish foot seems Irish (but then, I've never actually BEEN to Ireland)  they have (had?) live music on Fridays.  Very Relaxing.
2	The Harp is a beautiful restaurant.  The interior is open and although there is a lot of dark wood it is not dark inside.  The wait staff is friendly and attentive but a little on the crude side.  It isn't uncommon to hear f-bombs, or have the staff yell across the bar to one another.The beer selection is very good but can be spendy.My friend had the bangers and mash.  He enjoyed the potatoes and gravy but did not care for the sausage.  Personally, I thought the sausage was fine.  The gravy was OK but it wouldn't surprise me if it was from a jar.I had the Turkey Rachel.  At first I really liked it, but then I had a strong aftertaste of raw onion and pickle.  The 1000 island dressing with the coleslaw did not work for me.  After the first half I didn't want to eat anymore.  The fries are lightly battered and ice and crispy.
5	The Harp was the best tap beer and the liver and onions were the best I have ever had in any restaurant. This was really good.
3	You would think with as much as I go here I would give it a better rating. I go here for lunch a couple times a month. Decent value for the money. I often have the half cobb salad with grilled chicken. Half is always enough! Oh.. and a coors light draft of course.
4	I was at "The Harp Pub and Restaurant" last Friday night.  We were there for  drinks, appetizers, and to listen to the dueling piano players. It was a great night.  The 2 piano players were very entertaining.  I thought we would stump them with some of our song choices, but I was amazed they knew them all.  The appetizers were very good, and I will be returning their for dinner.  The bart tenders/servers Brandon and I believe it was John.  They were great!  Not once did we have to wait to get a drink, they were very attentive.  Not to mention the dollar bill trick he showed us ( that I can't seem to do now).  The atmosphere here is great, red brick walls with great wall decor.  I highly recommend this pub and I will be going back on a regular basis!!!
5	The fish and chips is so good at this place the best I have found.  Friday nights they have an all you can eat and you can also get it with garlic drys.  They are to die for.  Price is good and the atmosphere is homey.
4	I enjoy this place, and the dueling pianos
1	Went here for a friend of my girlfriends birthday, the drinks were okay but everything else was miserable except the company. We ordered our appetizers and dinner and the irish nachos were pretty good, but then we waited. And waited. And waited, while we waited. While we waited our waiter, bald guy with a beard (he never gave a name), was nowhere to be found and it wasn't busy maybe a quarter full. After an hour, when more people showed up, he finally showed up again and asked if we needed anything else. Yeah apparently he never put the food order in (the reason kept changing) said it would be right out as there were no orders in. Cut to half an hour later. The fish and chips were horrible. Greasy and tasteless. Will never go here again. Would much rather drive an extra 10 minutes and go to Darcy McGee's or the Thirty Lion.
5	Love the Shepard's Pie, and the Corned Beef is flavorful!
5	Great food. Nice atmosphere. Loved the menu. Great selection of food. U have to try chicken curry paste if u like curry. Fish and chips is great. Steak is juicy and tasty. Loved everything.. Highly recommend it.
1	We were in a party of 11, waited at our table for at least 20 minutes before the waitress ever showed up. She was pretty bad the whole night. We would easily go for 30 minutes before she would check on us. Lots of empty glasses the entire night, and they stayed on the table all night along with about half of our dirty plates.  Wrong drinks several times, forgot to put one of our food orders in, and didn't realize it until she brought everybody else's order out. Kept saying it wasn't her fault and was trying her best. In all fairness to her, i got the impression she doesnt normally serve tables. Shepherds pie was good, fish & chips was not. Long John Silvers would have been much better. Now to the "entertainment". Why would you have dueling pianos in an Irish pub?  I will never understand it. And they were awful. I mean really bad. Horrible even. The only thing worse about this place than the service and entertainment was the acoustics. Before the crappy, extremely loud Elton John and Eagles covers you could barely talk across the table.  After they started you could barely hear yourself talk much less converse with the person in the next chair. This place sucks.
4	Mr. M and I chose the day before St. Paddy's to do our celebratin' and one of our stops was here at The Harp.  We took a seat at the bar and were immediately greeted by the bartender to take our drink order and see if we wanted menus.  Absolutely.  We are Irish pub fare fiends.With a Newcastle and a Guinness safely in front of us, we decided to order the Bangers & Mash and the haddock Fish & Chips.  They also give you the choice of cod.  The bangers & mash were quite enjoyable with perfectly grilled sausages, and the whole grain mustard mashed potatoes were a nice surprise.  With the brown gravy and it's mildly oniony goodness, that was a perfect meal.The fish and chips were delicious as well.  The fish was fried perfectly and light and flaky.  The fries were crisp as well and I couldn't stop stealing them from Mr. M's plate.  Carbo overload, but well worth it.  I took home half the bangers and mash and Mr. M ate them when I wasn't looking.  He's in big trouble.The service was great.  The beer was great.  The food was great.  We generally like our Irish pubs to be a little more low-ceilinged and dark,  BUT the high, bright room will not keep us from coming back.  Great experience and look forward to returning.
2	I want to like this place. I really do. It's in a great location, there's plenty of outdoor seating...but...I just didn't like it. The food was ok. The service was...ok... Maybe a 2.5 star overall, but not a 3.We ordered the Bruschetta Flatbread and the Pesto Chicken. Both of which weren't bad, but nothing extra special. The broccoli tasted a little fishy to me (and I don;t mean weird, I mean "fishy"), like they cooked it in the same water they cleaned the cod out in. The service was ok, our server wasn't overly friendly and when we asked him for ideas or suggestions since it was our first time, all we got was a "um yeah, everything is good here". Also, the food is a little pricey for what it is.Overall, it was ok if you are in a pinch or if the line at Costa Vida next door is too long (which is why we went in).
4	Food was awesome, service was great! Had the fish and chips. Can't wait to go back and try the Sheppard's pie. Went on a Friday night with my husband and 5 year old son. Great atmosphere, and very friendly staff.
5	One of my favorite bars in the east valley!! Love the Shepherds Pie, just wish the portion was bigger! Great place for a party when the music is goin!
4	I like coming here from time to time. the waiters are nice, and one particular guy remembers my favorite, even when I havent been in a while. I do HATE that the employees SMOKE in the patio area. I dont like a mouthful of smoke with my Fish n Chips...go behind the back of the building please!other than that, Im happy
3	Overall, this is a pretty good place... but not awesome. If I'm in the immediate area and am in need of a place to have a beer, this would be an option. But, this place wouldn't be at the top of my list for a place to have dinner in the area. There are just too many other delicious establishments nearby that I'd rather have. Heck, I'd rather eat at a chain like Paradise or Pei Wei than The Harp. The food was mediocre and overpriced. The service was "meh" as the waitress only came by when absolutely necessary. Not once did she ever come by to ask how our food was or if she could get us anything. The patio is great and the beer selection is as well. Those are my 2 fav things about The Harp.
1	This review is for the Fish N Chips that have now become way BELOW average. last 2 times in the Fish has been rubbery and cooked badly. So this last visit, I just returned the fish, finished my set and left...and I wont be back. For the price you pay and for the awesome location they are in, I expect FAR better quality of food. no manager even came out to inquire of what the situation was, so I guess I'll use a yelp review to do that. I went to Rosie McCaffery's yesterday, a night and day difference in the Fish n chips! same fish, just cooked the right way.
3	Food was mediocre, wait staff made zero effort to make our night accommodating, the music sucked. I asked if they could put on some Irish music, being an Irish pub, and their reply was "we don't get Irish music with our DirecTV subscription... Lame-o
5	Went here for lunch the other day.  Place was dead, which was fine with me because we got excellent service.  Server was very friendly and attentive.  I had the Cobb salad.  Crisp, fresh with lots of toppings. It was a very generous size.  I was able to take it home and have it for lunch the next day.  They have Sam Adams Oktoberfest beer! YUMMY!  Going back for lunch very soon.
4	If you want a place to relax and hear a live band play its cool. I went on Saturdays and each time it was a different band, one was more like 80's rock and another time it was an acoustic guitarist and he was pretty good playing a range of 90, 80s all cover songs. I enjoyed it.  He did a pretty cool rendition of Billy Jean on the guitar its a must see.The Chicken Nachos were good. Beers are big. If your a Vodka red bull drinker the Drinks are tall and strong! Service was ok could be better. They have a nice patio area where the bar opens up to so if you want a smoke you can still order drinks and enjoy the band from outside. The crowd is a little older around like 45 and up. Some 35yrs
4	I waited until second visit to review. Both times the food was good and staff was pretty good. I really enjoyed the Fish and Chips All you can eat on Friday. The wife loved the garlic fries. A enjoyable experience both times with zero negatives. Will be going back for more.
5	Had great service and the Cornish Pasty was great. Also had the Samosas for and appetizer....delicious!
3	The food here was good but we waited forever for everything.  Drinks were not refilled a timely manner, to the point that my friend had to go find our server and ask her if we could get a refill. Soo I would get stuff to go but I probably wouldn't dine in again.
2	My wife and I saw this place featured on the local Mesa city channel one day and they were bragging about their fish and chips. So we decided to give it a go. We get there and are seated at a bar table we were not asked if we wanted something else. but I figured Fri. night, the place was kind of busy. I saw a table tent stating happy hour was 3-6 it was close to 6 so I asked the waitress if we still had time for HH; she stated is it 7' O clock? which I said no but your sign here says 6, she said it was wrong; I said that makes thing very confusing. My wife and I ordered bloody marys and they were horrendous. My wife couldn't even finish hers. We ordered our meals. I saw what I was to believe all you can eat fish and chips and my wife ordered soup. She was brought her soup which was a little to thick for what was supposed to be leek and potato soup.  She wasn't offered any bread or roll or crackers with her soup. My fish and chips came and they were good and when I ordered some more, all I got was fish. I was told I would have to pay extra for the chips. So I got a piece of fish in a wire basket and the paper they use bleeds onto the fish turning it red.. I asked her to bring it on another plate and she looked put out. After we paid, I asked the bald gentleman at the hostess station if he was the manager. he said he was. I asked to see a menu and was about to point to the fish and chips special before I could even get out what I was going to say. I was cut off abruptly by him saying it's all you can eat cod not all you can eat cod and chips. I was OK but it's confusing and you should have your waitresses explain that before they take the order so we know if we want more chips they are extra; He was definitely a prick about it. I just know I will not go back if that's they way they treat customers.I hope someone from the Harp upper management reads this and takes action
4	Went with my parents we had a) Bangers and mash, b) Cornish pasty, and c) Corned beef and cabbage. All menu items were wonderful. The gravy on the bangers and pasty was really good. We also had a Celtic platter and the deep-fried mushrooms were awesome! Not those mushy button mushrooms in some other restaurants, these were firm and delicious. First visit, but will be definitely going back for some more.
3	Darren, I appreciate you reaching out but it wasn't busy at all. We're not unreasonable people and understand when a place is busy service is slightly slower however that was not the case. There was maybe 5 tables in the whole restaurant with people at them.
1	Friday night - 7PM, place is half empty - clue #1.   Just wanted a quick dinner as we had to get to the airport to pick up relatives.   Decided on onion soup and a chicken curry pasty.    The onion soup was microwaved for sure!   The broth was so hot, we had to wait ten minutes to eat it.  By then, the crusty bread that was supposed to be inside was a lump of soggy paste.   The melted cheese was not browned in the oven like it should be.  it was DEFINITELY melted via the microwave - clue #2.    The pasty was not fresh.   The crush was floppy (again warmed in the microwave), and it had a hint of refrigerator taste.   I ate the inside of mine as I was starving but my husband barely touched his.  Strike - #3.   When we asked the waitress about it she said they are not made fresh every day, i.e. they are made about twice a week.  I mentioned that we expect our food to be fresh and she said she would tell someone.  She came back with the bill and there was no discount offered.  We asked her why and she disappeared.  10 minutes later, a man who we assume is the manager, stopped by with no expression of regret and just handed us the bill saying "here you go"!  They took 50% off of the pasty which is fine, since I had eaten some of mine, but he should have spent time with us trying to understand why we were unhappy.  We will NOT be back and I warn you that unless you want to drink in a somewhat authentic looking English pub, there are so many other choices nearby.    The place is not pricey but that is no excuse for cooking in a microwave.
4	Good beer on draught and they know how to pour Guinness!  Went here recently with a group of coworkers for a holiday happy hour.  We ordered a variety of appetizers, drinks and beers.  The apps all came out hot and fresh.  The deep fried mushrooms were a hit with the others (I am not a mushroom fan) as were the wings.  Their hot wings are pretty darned good.  They are crispy and meaty and spicy! The spinach dip case with chips and pita in a little crock, served nice and warm. The pretzel with the guinness-cheese sauce was also really tasty and a nice relief on my taste buds after the wings. Located in Dana Park, there is ample parking and not much of a crowd at 5pm, which meant prompt service for us! The servers kept up on our drinks, food and cleared plates as they became empty.  They have discounts on food and beverage during happy hour, so I'm keeping The Harp as a happy hour option.
5	I've been to this bar several times.  First time we were the first customers in on a rainy Friday morning.  We ordered mimosas and a pasty.  Our service was great along with the food and mimosas.  I have been to Cornish Pasty in Mesa and the pasty I had here was amazing.  It tasted very fresh and just melted in my mouth.  We weren't expecting such good food and great service since we literally were waiting at the door when they opened.  What a pleasant surprise!  The decor was also really nice.  The whole place is stone and wood, really unique and comfy.  Ladies the restroom was also clean which is a HUGE plus for me.  I've been there on a busy Friday night also and our food was again amazing-fresh and prepared perfectly.  I read some of the other reviews on here about this establishment and all I can say is that no place is perfect, I always try and give places two tries if the first time isn't super.  I would definitely encourage others to do the same.  I also commend the owner for making so many comments on the posts where customers complained.  That's really great to see.  I have been here now several times and let my friends know this is a really cool place.
5	The negative reviews here slay me. This is the best Irish you're going to find in Phoenix. My wife IS English. She really knows English and Irish. She'd give this place 10 stars if she could. I would too. For authentic, consistent and well prepared food, give it a try. You won't be disappointed.P.S. We've been there so many times I've lost count. Service is ALWAYS good.
5	The negative reviews here slay me. This is the best Irish you're going to find in Phoenix. My wife IS English. She really knows English and Irish. She'd give this place 10 stars if she could. I would too. For authentic, consistent and well prepared food, give it a try. You won't be disappointed.PS:  We've been there so many times I've lost count. Service is ALWAYS good.
4	I'll be honest and say that I'm not well versed on Fish and Chips as some fish and chips lovers might be, though I did grow up fishing and eating what we caught in Florida. I do love fish, but we usually grilled it instead of frying it. But I so enjoy a nice piece of white fish, battered and fried every now and then.      The Harp is about the only place near my home that makes it nice and crispy. You can chose COD or Haddock. I prefer the better flavor and texture of the Haddock when I can find it. The Pub Fries are in my Top 5 World Wide. There are fantastic. If they weren't so bad for me, I'd probably eat them once a week at a minimum. So only on special occasions.     There are lots of other wonderful items on the menu like the Spinach Artichoke Dip. The best I've ever had. Lots of Spinach and Artichoke compared to most places that only add a little and stick you with more of the cream sauce and less of the good for you, flavorful stuff to compensate for the quilt.     If you can't get what you want from a Pub anywhere else, give The Harp a try. Simple Pub food done properly.
1	Worst service ever!We sat at a table on a Saturday afternoon and had two servers walk past us multiple times before we actually had to say something to get any acknowledgement.We ordered drinks, 2 waters, 2 iced teas and two mixed drinks. After a while one water and 2 teas showed up. The ladies dining the tea had a hard time telling it was even tea and one of them had a curious floral taste to it. They were just horrible, watery and barely tea.When we told the waitress she said "oh yeah i've heard that complaint before, we just have bad tea here". WHAT?!?The mixed drinks were bad too. We left without ordering anything else and went across the center to TQLA for much better drinks and service.
1	Very disappointed in the service tonight. My friend and I went out to have an early dinner. Took a while for one of the hostesses to come over or acknowledge we were there. Place was fairly vacant, so not hard to get a seat. We had ordered beverage when I noticed that a family behind us had a child with a very loud tablet. Nothing educational, just loud music. The music overhead was also loud. I asked 2 ladies at the hostess stand if the family could turn down the music as it was hard to hear both without getting a headache. They looked at each other, one walked away. The other just stood there. The other came back and said, kinda rudely, that they were not comfortable asking the family, but they would turn down the overhead music. We questioned this and they basically told us the other family were regulars and their child used the music for education (the child was disabled). This wasn't educational music, just loud, downloaded music. The woman then said "we can move you to the back room". And not in a nice way. We did choose to move, but then, once seated, we're told the kind of beer my friend wanted wasn't available. After basically being told that because we were not regulars, our feelings didn't matter, we decided to leave, evening off to a real bad start. Had the lady said hey, I understand, how about we just move you, it might have been a much better experience. But first not onlywere we told we had no importance but then told were told we were being relegated to the BACK ROOM. What could have been a non-issue they made into one. We left at that point without dinner. Sorry, I will never go back, and I spend a lot of money eating out.
5	I love this place. I have been coming here regularly for the past few years. Service is always good. The place is clean and the food is made from scratch, no microwaves. Love the look of the place and the beer is always cold and a great selection. I have been to Ireland and The Harp is very authentic ! To those that rated this place so low, I challenge you to give it another chance. Do not miss this place if you are in the area.
4	Arrived here for the first time on a Friday night, and it was the perfect night to check this place out. First off, they have an great selection of beers, including the traditional beers you'd find at an Irish Pub as well as a few surprise local craft beers. The food menu is also quite extensive, from sandwiches to fish & chips to cornish pastys. I got the Rubin Sandwich and it was great.Now the reason I said Friday is a perfect night to come is because from 9:00pm to midnight, they have a Duel Piano Night. They set up two pianos, similar to places like Big Bang Club but much small and more intimate; makes it much more fun and interactive. So highly recommend with place for a fun Friday night out for beers and light food.
3	I went here last night for a drink with a few coworkers. It was alright, nothing terribly outstanding, but it was decent. I had an (overpriced) Sam Adams and a burger (that was freakin' heavenly, might i add). I should add that although it was a bit overpriced, the portions were large, so you do get what you pay for. The service was okay, our food got to us fairly quickly, and the bartender was friendly enough. The pub stayed open later than normal for us, until about 10:30. I would probably go back, but i'm not overly impressed.
4	DUELING PIANOS!! A couple friends and I went on a Friday night and had a blast! They will play songs by request and keep the night going strong. The restaurant has a decent beer selection and what seemed like a great patio- though I never went outside. I personally got the cobb salad and it was just ok; too much cheese in my opinion! My boyfriend loved his reuben and the rest of the party seemed satisfied so I'll just chaulk it up to my bad ordering! Definitely a great find in Mesa and will be sure to spread the word!
1	thought I would come here again just to see if things have changed...nope, employees are still SMOKING right outside in the patio area...who the hell likes second hand smoke wafting all around your face...especially if it make you gag? If you wanna smoke, totally YOUR CHOICE, but If I need to FART, or BURP really loud, Im not gonna do it in your face to where you can hear or smell it....do me the very same SOLID...smoke somewhere else! NOT COMING BACK....EVER
2	I'm underwhelmed by this place. The food is okay.  The service is SLOW!  Overall an okay experience, but I'd recommend going elsewhere in the area.
1	I received a response from the owner from my last comments. Darren, you missed the point entirely. We didn't leave because it was loud, we left because of your rude waitstaff. Until you realize that there are more than a few people out there that feel the same way, things won't improve. We never asked that the childs tablet be turned off, we asked if it could be turned down, a reasonable request. The beer we ordered was not available, just adding to our disappointment. I have 40 years in customer service, that was really not a fun experience. Sorry, but that was my feelings.
3	My trip to The Harp was a disappointment due to unbelievably slow food service. The waitress was very apologetic about our food taking almost an hour and a half to arrive but it certainly didn't make a very good first impression. The French onion soup was delicious, so I may give it another try. Hopefully it will end better.
3	Seated and greeted quickly. Drinks take a big to long for my taste but the end result is the same. The Irish nachos we ehhh? At best, the cheese was almost cold when it got to our table, plus side chipolte dipping sauce is amazing, regardless of the vehicle it takes to consume. The bangers and mash we're mediocre, no real mouth feel, soft potatoes, weak sausage and limp onions, eck!! The servers are all dressed like college students, which is weird for the complex and location, they're taking casual Irish to a whole new level.. I'll be back because they make the best Guinness drinks around, but I may just write my review after the cocktails next time. Oh btw, way over priced!!
1	Been at this place for  happy hour, and it was okay. Took some extended family there for lunch on Saturday and had the worst waiter ever. Rude, slow service, and completely ignored, and it wasn't that busy.   I have been in the service industry and it was obvious this waiter was not happy with his job. We still left a 15% tip, but I will never go back. It was embarrassing and everyone was disappointed.
4	This place is definitely worth checking out.  The food was way better than I expected it to be, and the beer selection is great.  I've been here a few times, both for lunch and in the evenings, and have had constantly good food and service every time.  They also do this dueling pianos thing on Fridays which is pretty awesome... so yeah, cool place.
4	Went here for the first time on Saturday night . I'm from out of state  wasn't sure what to expect. I'll tell you what  very friendly atmosphere. The food I had was great it was beef mushroom ale pie . The beef melted in your mouth. The Waiter was very friendly and helpful. I would definitely go back
2	We've come to the Harp from time to time over the last few years. They do have impressive fish and chips (and coming from the land-o-fishfry that's sayin something). BUT...the service is always spotty and the rest of the food is just meh. We had a nice size group tonight for a reserved going away party. The restaurant was pretty empty except for us so one would think we would have attentive staff. Nah. This waiter was so uninterested he hardly interacted with any of us, nevermind a smile or eye contact. I'm also just gonna be blunt and say the food was just bad tonight. The Guinness fondue seemed like it was canned nacho cheese with no beer flavor. The pretzels served with it were under baked and tasted old, not to mention a small portion for 10 bucks. The potato boats were average, but again small for that much money. My Reuben sandwich was just ok and underwhelming...at least toast the bread!  If it wasn't my pal's going away party we wouldn't have stayed as long as we did and I can pretty much guarantee we won't be back.
1	Terrible service. Changed tables and not sure if it was just busy or they don't really have set tables, but waitress didn't come around for at least 20 min. and there is a waiter that has been there for awhile that always looks like he wants to fight. He didn't stop to ask if we needed anything for at least 20 min after walking by several times. We have been in several times, and there always seems to be a problem. On a positive note, they did give us $5 off for 1/3 of our mussels being closed up. If you know it's going to be a busy day with USA soccer, you should put more staff on. Won't be going back :(
3	We stopped here for a quick happy hour beverage. Pretty good selection of beers on tap, but only a buck off discount.  The AC worked well and they have a weekend happy hour also which is a bonus. No service issues as this place wasn't crowded during my visit and no food sampled, but it is a good place to grab a quiet date drink as their are plenty of tables both in front and in back of bar.
1	Ah the harp *laughs* I have been here a few times and have been meaning to write a review. The first time was years ago and it was named something else they had some amazing fish and chips. The service was great and the place was hardly loud or busy. The next time was for my birthday with my father maybe two years ago. The food was ok not great but it was maybe a three star. The service hahaha a joke the guy and my dad hit it of but he proceed to make me feel bad cause I was drinking to much water and he thought it was "weird." He then went on to joke about a ren fair group there having a party that he had seen enough cleavage from a fat girl to last him a life time. Well I am not skinny it made me feel like shit, that he would say that in front of any one let alone a " fat girl." The last straw was when my friend had her birthday meet up there. We where the only ones in the front part, and a real real bad singer was playing in the back. The server took are orders brought us beer and appetizer and proceed to ignore us while he drank at the bar and went out to smoke possible weed we could smell it on him. 45 mins later after are meal orders did not come we waved him done. He forgot to put in are meal order! Instead on maybe comping the meal or drinks he offered us booze? At that time we all had two or three beers and need to drive home so declined. Which we told him why. When the food came 20 mins later it was not worth the wait. Greasy fish and chips and nasty salad. He then once again ignored us we had to wave him done for a check. And say that are food and booze were full price? That's fine but no apologies no trying to fix the bad service just ignoring us while he drank. Worse service, worse food I will never go there again how can they redeem themselves after that?
3	Went for the World Cup. The food was good but the service was forgettable. Kinda felt forgotten about through the game drinks not refilled and didn't see the server for 20 min at a time.
4	Good food, better beer, great service!
2	I was looking forward to trying thus place out, as it could have turned out as a hang out since we live less than a mile away. Our food was over priced for what you get. 3 apps and a kids meal was $45... not coming back.
2	Bad food and slow service. It was a Friday night and the wife and I felt like some pub food. It should have been really busy at dinner time, but the wait staff to customer ratio was very high. Waited 10 minutes before anyone came by to take drink orders, so we asked to order right away, I tried the reuben sliders and my wife the shephard's pie. The meat in the Reuben was decent, but the swiss had been heated to the point of being rubbery. My meal was also served with coleslaw, which seemed to be nothing more than cabbage and mayo. My wife's shephard's pie was a molten mass of instant potatoes, overcooked hamburger and store bought gravy. It looked like a horrid brown gruel once the ingredients were mixed. The only redeeming qualities I noticed were a decent Irish bar aesthetic and an apprpriate drink selection for this motif. The only ways I could force myself to return would be to meet friends there for drinks on St. Patrick's day.
4	I don't know if it's every Friday night but when we went on a Friday, a group of about 15 Scottish skirt wearing men played really loud bag-pipes at around 9pm. It was kind of cool for the first 5min but this went on for about 20min...SUPER LOUD.  Food was pretty good but both food and drinks were a bit on the expensive side.  Good place to go for happy hour - there was no wait.
5	This spot is on point! I've been here frequently for the past year since I bought a home in the area. Their fish and chips have to be some of the best I've had. I love the full filet compared to most places with a few small chunks of cod. The beers are ice cold and reasonably priced. I've never had a bad experience and service is always great whether it be 1pm or 11pm, during the week or weekend, they are very attentive. I'm shocked to see the complaints because this spot has great drinks, food, and service. I just wish they consistently stayed open until 2am consistently.
1	Tonight, after seeing a friend post where she was eating, I checked the menu and I had an instant craving. My wife and I went and it seemed like a nice place. Honestly, the nice waitstaff, was about the only good thing about it. My wife and I, both had the french onion soup and it was ok, she had the Cobb salad, with the eggshells included and I had the black and blue ribeye, that I ordered medium and received it over well done. I rarely complain about food, but I felt I had to. The waitress was accommodating, but although she took off the Cobb salad, she only took $10 off the steak. So I paid over $30 plus $10 tip, on something we only could eat a part of. We left hungry and annoyed. I had better Irish food, in a bowl of lucky charms cereal!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE  . Come so often they can almost guess what we'll have before ordering. Food is always great. Will adapt food to diet. Very good prices.
2	Food was absolutely delicious (best cooked medium rare steak I've had)! Reason for 2 stars: Service was horrible!!! The place was almost empty, except the bar (football), but service was ridiculously slow. Water glasses went empty and were left that way until we were almost ready to leave. Our server forgot to put in the dessert order, but wouldn't admit it and blamed it on being busy. We were never asked how everything was. Our party was 4 adults with 2 children (and 2 babies). We ordered 6 meals, but we were charged a "service fee" that was not small because of our "large group".We went because of my parents' recommendation about the food (Which was amazing), but after going with my parents today, I can say that none of us will be back and we will tell everyone we know about the poor service and extra fees for families.
3	If I were just rating this restaurant on the food, it definitely deserves a 5.  There is no doubt about that.  We loved the shepherd's pie and the fish and chips.  The restaurant is gorgeous too.  Lots of things in its favor.  The downside is the servers.  It wasn't packed but the servers were in the back talking and chatting.  It took a while to get served.  Even when we were waiting for our bill, we discovered the two servers were back on the phones and chatting again.
4	I came here on a Sunday during football season and expected it to be very busy. It was not busy when we walked in at 11:15, it opens at 11:00. One other guy was sitting at the bar. The sign said seat yourself. My friend and I took a table near the window and it took a bit for someone to finally notice we were there. Finally a guy came out and took our drink order but took a while to get him back to order our food.Finally when he came I ordered the bangers and mash and my friend ordered the fish and chips with haddock. Both were superb. As we were eating this was around 12:15 quite a few people were walking in. Mainly elderly and families. Seems like a nice neighborhood hangout with good food, but the service needs improving. I will be back because I line the. I will come back again if the service is improved.I will need to come here on a St.Patrick's Day and see how Irish this pub really is!
2	Kind of a cool atmosphere, good for drinking. Mediocre and slightly overpriced meals for what you get. Irish Pasty was mainly potatoes, some cabbage, little bit of cheese and small amount of corned beef (Cornish Pasty at Guad/Dobson is much better). Every other item was traditional, strip mall bar food. I could have been in any other bar and gotten the same experience. Basically good for booze, but not much else.
3	I love me some Irish Pubs!  But $9.99 for 3 pretzel sticks and some cheese?!?!?  Don't get me wrong the Guinness cheese dip was pretty awesome but I think their prices are a bit steep.  It was almost worth it during happy hour when appetizers are $2 off.    But the beer was perfectly poured and they have a great selection of Irish beer on tap.  I'll go back, but only during happy hour.
