5	This is a review for "THE GATES OF HELL"  Let me first start by saying that I'm not a big fan of haunted houses due to the fact that I feel alot of them are cheesy and the suspense factor is mediocre, but this one my friends is insane!  This year the Freakling Bros. introduce a new haunting experience where you are actually required to sign a waiver prior to entering.  It's the first of its kind in Vegas and is considered to be an R-Rated adventure.  Why you ask?  Well, I do not want to give too much of the details away, but let's just say that you will be touched, you will be surprised, and you will get cursed at!  You've gotta check it out for yourself!  Location:  95N / Rainbow in the United Artists Promenade.  There are 3 haunted houses there , but the one I am referring to is called "The Gates of Hell".Pros: * Scary as Hell !  They definitely had my heart pumping * $12. . . not bad for a good scare * pretty lengthy walk through the Gates of Hell (oh yeah!) Cons: * super long,slow lines (they only let 5 people in at a time) * there was a door malfunction while we were waiting so the long wait turned into an even longer wait!Tips: * if you get cold easily, make sure to bring a sweater * get there early or else be ready to stand in a long line * there is a special deal that saves you money if you check out all 3 hauntings ($27) * ATM available on-site, but save money and get cash prior to avoid ATM fees * Hot Dogs, Nachos, and Pop available * Use the restroom prior to going*You can print discount coupons onine: http://www.freaklingbros.com/couponsignup.htmlOverall:Recommended... Highly recommended!  I'd definitely go again!
2	It was Ok for a Haunted House. They have been making a big deal of the Rated-R house, and since I am I big fan of Hunted houses, I came to see how making it Rated-R improved the experience. It didn't, I was very disappointing, now it started off good with having to sign a waiver, but I felt that the only change was that they were now able to curse at me.  Whoopee! If I wanted to be cursed at, I would walk thru a High School Cafeteria, which would also be a lot scarier.
5	LOVE the Freakling Brothers attractions! These guys know how to give you a good scare! They were just rated the scariest Haunted House in THE USA!As someone who doesn't like scary movies, this really really gets your blood pumping!It was exciting, scary and very memorable. The R rated Haunted house is a step up in adult scary..not something for the faint of heart, nor for those that don't like feelings of claustrophobia, and definitely not for the kids.We had a great time just hanging out watching the people emerge shaken, and scared out of their wits from the three haunts on site. 27.00 gets you in to all three or 1 for 12. there is also a FAST PASS that gets you to the front of all three lines for 10.00 (totally worth it in my opinion- and you get a tee shirt out of it!)Really Really a fun Halloween thing to do, especially great if you are out on a first date as you will be clinging to each other scared that something is going to come out of the dark and get you.
5	You seen the rest now see the best! The Feakling brothers attractions is the best you will ever see.  Leave the strip behind and head out to see these guys. You will not be disappointed!  A scare around every corner and never a dull moment. There is no kids trying to scare you in these haunted houses. No day glow paint or cheesy props in any of this trilogy of terror. Best deal for your money 3 haunted houses for a low price. It a lot cheaper than some of their completers on the strip. Go see these guys! You will not be disappointed!
5	I have to say they really outdid themselves this year! I enjoy the freakling bros haunted houses every year. The quality of acting, the characters remaining STOICLY in character in the face of cheeky customers is EXCELLENT. But this new R-rated house was just amazing. It struck a whole new chord versus the ones where the actors do not touch. Both are incredible in their own way. The new one played on all the senses EXPERTLY--sight, sound, touch, and smell. For me incorporating every sense except taste brought it from a 2D experience to a fully interactive 3D one. Was GREAT.
5	A wonderful,  local, fun attraction. Produced by true Halloween lovers. I will make sure to attend again next year. Fun, creative, frightening!
2	Okay so vampire and circus of fear were alright, a lot of dead space and plenty of places inside each house that more people could of been added..if your a prop person you'll love this scare factor was eh...however the gates of hell was awesome and really the only house in the trilogy worthy of going too and the money..sorry 12.00 for the others are so not worth it..I would still agree that asylum and hotel fear are WAYi better..so at least do the gates of hell then head over to the asylum to finish it off...I would have given it 3 stars for the gates of hell alone but one out of 3, no way more then 2..not much entertainment outside and the workers are pretty serious I like interaction outside with them scaring you and getting u ready.. we were entertained but Not scared sooo guess depends on what your looking for
5	What a bunch of FREAKS. This place did a friggin awesome job of making me crap my pants! I'll never forget this and will tell stories about this for some time. I was fortunate enough to get a VIP pass from a friend in the media so I didn't have to wait in what looked like pretty LONG lines. But, they do have entertainment while you wait. The Donkey Show.  It's pretty weird, but you can't help but to watch and it will help the time pass. So, there are 3 haunted houses - Admission is $12 for the Circus & Vampire houses, $15 for the Gates of Hell (Rated R) OR $30 for all 3 which seems to be the best deal. All 3 were a blast and had their moments. I don't want to spoil the fun or surprise, so I won't get into the details. But HOLY #%$@ - The Gates of Hell is messed up! It's by far the scariest, and you need to sign a waiver prior to entering as it's the first full contact sensory overload haunted house in the Western US.
5	By FAR, the best in the Western U.S...if not the best in the entire country.Growing up as a huge fan of Freakling Bros, my review may be a little biased. However, I have visited every haunt in Las Vegas, and a few in California (Knott's and Universal), and none have even come CLOSE to the creativity and pure scare factor of the Freakling Bros. What really sets Freakling Bros apart is in the way they scare. You may be thinking, "Well, it's a different haunted house, of course the way they scare is going to be different." However, the core of the way Freakling Bros. thinks is different. They are true masters of fear, and rely almost entirely on psychological shock value. You won't see any gore or chainsaws here. Many of their scares are unlike any I have seen before. In addition, they space the scares out in such a way that each scare is given its own unique place. This formula tends to lead PERFECTLY to each of their houses' patented finale scare. Having had a fairly successful home haunt for 7 years, I have been forced to learn at least the basics of the science of scaring. Trust me, Freakling Bros. has got this down. Freakling Bros. currently consists of Castle Vampyre, The Circus of Horrors, and the R-rated, 17+ GATES OF HELL. Pros:+ Incredible creativity and scare factor+They send you in in small groups (at most 5). This really is the best way to do it in the haunt industry. It's a better experience for the guests, and an easier experience for the actors.+Very good atmosphere. Each house has its own set of characters out front, setting the perfect mood right from the get-go. Go ahead and try to make them break character...they won't. Ever.+Pretty long walk-throughs...you wouldn't always think so from the outside. Cons: - Long lines if you don't get the Fast Pass for 10 extra dollars. But you get a T-shirt, so they definitely give you value. And anyway, you're going to be waiting in long lines wherever you go, so there's really no getting around that.- It's a persona thing, but I wish that they would replace their houses sooner than every 10-11 years. It's expensive, and it is hard to come up with entirely new themes, but I personally am usually ready to see a new house every few years. A 6-7 year life-span would be ideal for me. CHECK THESE GUYS OUT...YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!!
4	I haven't been to a haunted house since I was a child.  This place scared the heck out of me but brought me back to good childhood memories.  There were 3 haunted houses, admission was $12.  There were freaks (actors) walking around, scaring and entertaining the crowd.  The wrestlers in the ring was a tad odd......but entertaining.  I recommend going if you want a good scare and a good time with the friends and family!
4	**WARNING THIS MAZE ATTRACTION IS NOT FOR THE FAINT OF HEART**  Before I begin reviewing the nuts and bolts of this maze I want to provide you a bit of background. I've gone to Universal Halloween Horror Nights, Blumhouse Horror in DTLA and Knotts Scary Farm - and I enjoy them all for what they are - pricey, sanitized, special effect  focused events.  Trilogy of Terror is NOT any of these. It is a raw in your FACE (literally) MAZE. When I have gone through mazes in the past,  I never had the filling of wanting to "just finish it and get through it" but I felt this several times. I think that's what people call panic or anxiety. You get lost(several times), bump into walls(because you can't see) and get terrified at each dark corner. Clearly, liability of people falling and tripping over themselves is not a concern. Sometimes during parts of the maze they border on pure negligence, in part because they don't tell you where to go. Sometimes you're just standing there hoping someone comes out and tells you where to go - but I guess that's part of the experience. AND YES, if you stand there long enough someone will come out and direct you where to continue. They have your traditional boogeymen slamming cans against the wall and people jumping out of corners - but the real scary thing about these mazes is that the sets and construction look as old as they feel. For instance at Universal HHN even though they do a masterful job of set design it never had a old skool haunted maze feel - it just looked too "professional." The set designs here do just a good enough job detailing things, where necessary, but not being cheesy. THEY FOCUS ON SCARING YOU. Which in my book is the real reason why you should come here. This was the first set of mazes I had to give myself HAND MUFFS (that's when you place your hands over your ears  to muffle sounds).I don't get scared of mazes because I think these actors are really going to hurt me or that the props are real. The REAL thing that scares me of a good maze is how many jolts and unexpected tricks they execute, basically, how many times do they keep me guessing and how many times I jumped - and I was guessing & jumping the WHOLE time. So if you are looking for a one of a kind TRUE JOLT YOUR SENSES EXPERIENCES - SCARE YOUR A$$ OFF THINGS TO DO DURING THE HALLOWEEN SEASON DO THIS. EXTRA TIPS AND SUGGESTIONS:*Do all 3 mazes and pay for the package 3 for 1 price ($30) Individually it's $10 for clown and vampire maze and $15 for the 666 maze - you save yourself $9 if you buy the package deal. All the mazes are worth your while. *666 MAZE: THEY CAN AND WILL TOUCH YOU. This is the only maze where they use vulgar language and the actors will grab your leg or your sides as you are walking through the maze. IF YOU ARE NOT OKAY WITH THIS DON'T DO THIS MAZE - They make you sign a waiver before you go in(NO JOKE). The touching isn't too intrusive and nothing obscene occurs but if you like your personal bubble don't do this maze. *Electric jolts - During the mazes they use small jolts of electricity to scare you. It doesn't really hurt and not everyone get's jolted(i did), but you can get literally get shocked!*Small groups (2-4): They put you into very small groups and you never never see the group in front or behind you. You really are secluded walking through the maze. So if you have a large group prepare to be broken up - trust it makes the experience more scarier. *VIP LINE: We went on Thursday night around 9:30pm and we didn't need it at all. Here's how it works if you buy a $10 T-shirt they let you cut in line to all the mazes. The line goes kind of fast but if there is a super long line splurge and pay for the shirt and cut the lines.  Real Quick - why not 5 stars?: The mazes are well designed but they really need to do a better of job of directing you. More than twice we went into access ways and points of entrances during the maze where we weren't supposed to. Also, on one of the mazes my wife hit her face on one of the fences because we didn't know where we were going.
4	Had a scary good time at this amazing collection of haunted houses.  They were well-paced to keep you guessing and your heart pumping.  Congrats to the very creative and weird people who think up these creepy things.
4	My girlfriend and I decided to spend Halloween Eve going around the haunted houses and eventually made our way to the Freakling Brothers Trilogy. I was scared of haunted houses for years but I was eager to see these three and experience the scares. We had problems with the ATM and actually got to meet the designer of the mazes, who helped us get tickets and brought us to the VIP lines, free of charge. I had so much fun and I was so scared but I was so caught up in the adrenalin that my fear wasn't taking over, but letting me enjoy myself. They did a great job with all the dark hallways and final scares towards the end of each haunt. I loved the Castle Vampyre!!! And actually wasn't too traumatized by the R rated Gates of Hell, but totally loved it!! I would so go again!!! It was awesome :)
5	This is not like your " big theme park horror nights!" This is for those that want their wits scared out of them.  Your fear level is being tested as the actors are able to touch you. Any maze that has you sign a release form before entering is definitely a FEAR tester.
5	Lets start at the beginning. A few years back (Mortuary's last year open) we decided to check out as many haunted houses as possible in Las Vegas. We started with 13th floor at Circus Circus....good for small children. Then we went to the Fright Dome... Okay, but I though WOW I am getting old. Got a few screams and startles out of me, the general area had people that startled me more than the attractions themselves. The we went to the Trilogy of Terror.  OMG best night ever. Went on a Thursday and felt as if we were the haunts targeted victim. We ended up meeting the Father Son team that created Trilogy of Terror, because they had concerns for my boyfriend who walks with a cane going through the haunts. Nicest guys ever.  We went to about 6 more haunts in Las Vegas and on Halloween weekend ended up back at Trilogy of Terror. The next year mortuary was taken down and Gates of Hell was open. Not to give anything away, but there was a part where the  floor your standing on drops about an inch. I screamed so loud and (my new thing I do Laugh when I am nervous) started laughing uncontrollably that the terrorist/Cast Member asked if I was alright. We have already gone once with friends this year. When we got there this year, you are greeted by people who take your picture in front of a green screen, my first thought was just another way to make money. Well I have to say I was impressed with there pictures and the pricing.  In fact we ended up purchasing 4 pictures, so everyone in our party could have one. if you can only go to ONE place this year for your haunting experience this should be the place. Great for little and big kids. We took a 12 year old with us this year and while the other adults went into the Gates of Hell, he didn't feel left out because we went and got him a picture. So frickin cool.....We don't even try the other haunts anymore. This IS as good as it gets.
5	Definitely worth it!!!  The best haunted house I've been to in a long time!  I didn't make it all the way through and screamed Purgatory lol!  Go and be ready to be scurrrredddddd.  Props to Freakling Brothers!
5	We try to get to all the haunted houses here in LV every season and this one was the best so far. I only wish that did the other 2 on site before the "gates of hell".
1	.
1	I began my night at The Trilogy of Terror at the Circus haunted house which thoroughly frightened me but I could handle. The Vampire house I enjoyed even more. However, its the Gates of Hell that you have to be aware of. I did go through the Gates of Hell this past Saturday despite being extremely nervous, however I figured I could get through it and then be able to talk about it with all my friends. They make you sign a waiver that doesn't look too official and being in the Public Relations business I just figured it was a stunt to get people to come. I didn't make it all the through, I had to say the safe word to get out and I left the house midway through, trembling and in tears. The house was pretty normal, with some added grabbing of a leg or arm when jumped out at, however once you enter a room that smells absolutely rancid things change. A woman jumped out of now where and instead of just a grab of the arm or leg she pinned me to the wall mumbling some demented rant, in my pure terror I reacted in a way you shouldn't in any haunted house and became even more frightened and tried to run away but I honestly saw no other way out. This only gave her the opportunity to pin me in a corner with no way out for me to leave. I was the one who was most scared to go in this attraction out of all my friends, my group was pleading with her to get off me. What happened next absolutely disgusted me. She LICKED my neck! I began sobbing out of terror and disgust and shouted the safe word. I was immediately whisked out of the haunted house. Paraded out a door in front of the line of people waiting to enter the haunted house, so they could announce that I said the safe word and laugh at me. The whole time i was in tears and trembling. I still was confused if the woman had really licked me but I know I had felt it and vividly rembering looking at her with her mouth wide open and tongue out. However, a friend of mine was chatting with a worker who confirmed that not only does this particular actor lick people but she goes after women more intensely! I felt disgusting and just wanted to get home and shower. If you like that sort of "haunt" than by all means go for it. I know I am not the only one being licked, my friend who continued through the house after I was removed, said the woman, once I was gone, immediately came to her and licked her face as well. There are numerous reports of people getting licked as well as a news cast about it on a local Las Vegas channel. Its a sick place so be prepared for the absolute worse if you are really willing to try it.
5	As a fan of all things Halloween related doing both Universal Studios Halloween Horror Nights and Knott's Scary Farm as well as other haunts this by far was one of the most outstanding Halloween attractions outside of the Vegas strip. Going to Vegas and having our Sunday night free we decided to go to the Freakling Brothers Trilogy Of Terror for some Halloween fun. From the outside all 3 look like some sort of carnival setup or something that you see victims go into and never come out of. I never imagined that the houses were made with trailers hooked up because for me it is as real and as good as some of the best haunts I've been to.  All 3 were really well done. I don't want to give away any details. If you go be sure to buy the VIP front of the line pass. Plus you get a tshirt all of an extra $10 not bad.We started out with Circus of Terror. Let me say that even the ticket takers are dressed up and before you go in a ringmaster asks us if we want to go inside and gives us the rules. Once we set foot inside I was amazed that each one was so detailed so dark and twisted in it's own way. I don't want to give away anything. There are rooms where something happens and rooms where "you have to figure out what to do". Let's say the ending is something I won't ever forget.We then went into Castle Vampyre. Igor took our tickets and the vampire lady told us the rules and made sure we wanted to go inside. Again it is dark and twisted. This was my favorite out of all 3 of them. There were rooms we had to figure out what to do and some effects that made me stop for a moment because I really thought I had to use "the rope" to go across. The ending had me standing there in awe just watching more than being scared. The final house we went thru was the Gates of Hell. This one you have to sign a waiver because it is R rated and no one under 17 are admitted. I admit I was pretty freaked out because I found out about one of the things they do but I was fine inside. This one you have a "safe word" similar to Knott's Trapped. But unlike Trapped this is very and I mean VERY intense. YOU are definitely touched, shoved, called names, there is profanity. We ran into a group 2 girls in front of us because they couldn't find their way. Definitely had to use my hands to navigate thru several times it was that dark. The ending really well done. I can't imagine "The Victim Experience". Just the normal one was intense enough for me. I wanted to say the safe word but managed to get thru the entire experience. One that I won't ever forget.The pictures they take when you first arrive are top quality and the price isn't bad. We bought 4 of them as a keepsake. Now nothing I do for Halloween will compare to being traumatized by the Freakling Brothers Trilogy Of Terror. Hopefully I will be back in the future.If you haven't gone and live nearby it's definitely worth it.
4	This was definitely an intense experience! In a good way. All three attractions had very good effects and tricks in the rooms. There were some actors that were so good as their character that it worried me. The Gates of Hell was my favorite and was awesomely creepy. They can touch you. So they touch, grab, shove, pinch, shove, and shock you. My friend got her FACE licked which was gross and I am glad it wasn't me!  Without giving too much more away, it was worth the $30 to do all three and I will be coming back next year!
4	So this was the first time i've ever been to a haunted house and i am kind of a wuss so to be honest i was terrified. Especially since once you get there, every now and then there are bangs and noises that can freak you out and not to mention scorcho the clown. My friends and i only went into one of haunted houses and i am glad we did. I think the scariest part of the houses is that they really know how to trick you. Since there are mirrors, sharp turns, and doors that only appear at certain points it's easy to not only get lost but loose other ppl in your group. In the end we ran out of the haunted house screaming and then laughing. This was an amazing experience, one of my friends got scared to the point where she cried, i almost got there but i had sam looking after me ^w^. Over all this place is awesome, the actors are great. My friends and i will be talking about this for a long time
5	Gates of hell is pure terror. It tests your fears, and really makes you think. My girlfriend and I went in castle vampire then gates of hell. We didn't do circus of horror because she HATES clowns. Anyways. We went in castle vampire first and I thought it was gonna be stupid. And it was not. It was amazing props and illusions. This house was one of the best vampire ones ever. Very well set up. AMAZING. I fell at the end because you'll see why ;)Then gates of hell came up.......  Very vulgar and provocative. My kind of scare! :) starts off with you getting pushed into a "box" by yourself and listening to the devil in your ear. Then we went through it all. It was WAAYYYY scarier then last year. Longer especially. So we were walking, things popping out, getting thrown around, and SHOCKED. Yes. They had it last year and it's my fear. I almost started crying because you have to go through this scene to make it through and you get shocked more than 10 times. It hurts. Anyways it took us a while because I didn't know if I was gonna make it.  We did. Then came this vulgar. Utter rotten smell. Smelt like dead bodies. And we were in a bathroom and this girl or guy popped out and grabbed my girlfriend and out her against a wall. And pinned her on the floor. He had her there for a good 5 minutes and she was BALLING CRYING. She said the safe word "purgatory" but softly so they didn't let her go because I don't think they could hear her. I got her up and he or she grabbed her again and she was crying horribly I tried to help her 6 times but the person was way to strong. We finally got her up and went through. She said it felt like she was gonna get raped. But hey she knew what she was gonna get into. Then we encountered the "master" and it was amazing. Then it ended. A good 20 minute or so house. Nothing like it anywhere. I recommend. If you like getting grabbed, "raped", shocked and cussed at. They call you every word in the book especially cunt. EVERYONE GO.
4	My experience had some technical difficulties. Plus... I really wasn't that scared. Here we go, Freakling Brothers. I was really looking forward to this. I went last night with a friend and my brother. We sprung for the $30 pass to get us into all of the houses. Well, we had driven this far, why not? First they force you into a group photo on a green screen so they can try to hawk you pictures at the end of your night. You also get pics taken IF you go through Gates of Hell. Not any of the other houses. We started at the "Circus" themed house. All right, the actors do it right. You get all the "rules" told to you by the actors before you go in. They're fun. We tried to make them give us crap and they were willing to oblige. I don't remember a whole lot about the Circus one except for the ball pit. THAT was interesting, never seen that before. At the end we ended up waiting and waiting for them to let us out. Then a stage-hand type person with a flashlight told us one of the actors got hurt and he had to escort us out. AT LEAST they offered to let everyone who got to that point go through again free of charge. We decided not to because we wanted to get to the other houses before they closed.Off we went to the Vampire themed house. We waited in line for, I kid you not, 30 minutes to get into this house. Now, here's my issue and something I think they should do to fix the wait time. Ask people how many are in their party, if it's just two, try to send those people with two (or three) other people. It's okay to go through a haunted house with strangers. Come on, everyone becomes friends when you're getting scared in the dark anyway. So, that's my one big ding is that they kept sending two people through at a time if that's how many were in their group. ANYWAY - the Vampire one was O.K. not really my favorite. The end was not spectacular... moving on.Gates of Hell - you have to sign a waiver, you have to understand foul language will be used, you have to realize you will get shoved/touched/pushed/etc. by the actors. OK. Got it. We signed and waited. Finally our turn arrived. I don't want to give too much away since there are many out there who will want to be scared to begin with, but I will divulge a bit. First off, myself and my friend did NOT think this was that bad. Sure, they shoved us. Yes, my brother got pulled and flung up into a wall at one point (not hard). We all got shocked (yep, you WILL get shocked no matter what), and I was the lucky person to be trapped against the wall by the girl who has been licking people (ya, read the reviews, you'll see what I mean). LUCKILY I had read the reviews and knew what was coming. I ASSUMED I would be the person in our party the girl would pick (she did). When she pushed me against the wall I put my hands over my face and looked directly at the wall. She said some stuff to me (honestly I don't remember because I was trying not to laugh). Here's the thing - it *maybe* would have freaked me out a bit had I not known it was coming, but I did. BUT, even then I would have prepared myself for something like this anyway. I don't think it would have scared me, or bothered me, BUT if she had LICKED me, well I probably wouldn't have been too happy. She did not lick me (but that may have been because I covered my face).Overall Gates of Hell - The best of the houses. So, if you come here and you only want to do one house, do the Gates of Hell. You might as well as the other houses are tame. Even Gates of Hell wasn't that bad (at least for me). BUT, I'm not scared super easily, plus I know for fact these people can't *really* do anything to hurt me. But remember - they offer the safe word for that purpose. If you get scared, too scared, just yell it out. It's that easy.I hope next year they can take it even further. I'd be willing to go back in that case.
3	The Circus was my first experience at Freakling Bros. It was way dark which is good & bad! There were plenty of scary moments in the haunted funhouse, and I was the lucky one chosen to go first. I don't scare easily, but was a little panicked in the pitch dark not being able to find my way around the funhouse. The rooms with funhouse mirrors were so disorienting. If not for the nice people behind me, I'd still be there! The price is a little high, at $12 per house, or $30 for all 3 haunted houses.
4	I'm not normally freaked out by haunted houses but this place was pretty intense. The actors the twist and turns is a must see. The gates of hell attraction was  like nothing I've ever incountered. Before entering they make you sign a waiver claiming its alright for them to touch you! Waiting inline most people scream out "purgatory" which is the safe word for being let out of the house! I won't ruin it but prepAre to be shocked! Great haunted house!
5	Absolutely had a great time! Best Halloween attraction in Vegas and I will be back for sure next year, and the year after that! The scares are real and exciting, while fun and entertaining at the same time!The Circus of Horror has a fantastic twist at the end that I did not see coming and made me run for the exit! Great experience through out the entire house. Castle Vampire was the least scary yet I went through it twice and screamed throughout both times!Now, The Gates of Hell.  By far one of the best houses I've ever been through. The actors CAN and WILL touch, grab, snatch, pinch, shove and shock (yes SHOCK) you throughout the house. Very intense and exhilarating. The fabulous Cardinal Sin makes you sign a waver right before entering and entertains you while you wait in line. He is my favorite character in the trilogy due to the fact that he is hilarious! They are very vulgar and blunt so beware, however it's absolutely worth it! The Victim Experience, even though I did not go through, I've done my research and it seems very very intense and not for the faint at heart! If you want to go through it because "it'll be fun" make sure you think twice! I watched the Victims come out and only 1 of 7 grown men made it all the way through. 4 said the safe word ("Purgatory") and 2 were ejected for fighting back. Not allowed! It seemed very very scary and I don't know if I'm brave enough for that but the rest is fantastic and I HIGHLY recommend paying the Trilogy a visit!!!!
1	it was hella dumb. i hated this experience. i wish i got my money back and the two hours i spent in line to get in. it was not scary fun or worth it. i didn't go in gates of hell bc of all the bad reviews but i did go in the other two houses. i won't be coming back to any of their haunted houses ever again.  and the owner or watever of this place brought in all his friends to cut in line in front of us all who had been waiting.  he had his buddies comin in n out. never coming back.
5	Amazingly epic walk through!!  If your a fan of haunted houses, walk through, or Halloween, you have to do all three. Been to allot of these things, and this is my new favorite. Wish I could have done the"victim"experience.
5	Drove for 3 1/2 hours with my adult son from Williams, Az. for a night of haunted houses in Vegas. We went to 5 of them and it was a frightening night. First to Hotel Fear and The Asylum and they were both good. One of them had a spooky "smoke" filled room that you could not see anything at all even though the room was lit up, and a creepy voice kept saying "come this way, come this way" leading us in circles around and around the room. Very disorienting! The other had a tumbling cylinder that you had to walk through and it made us dizzy. Plus the spine chilling ghoul crawling upside down on the railings was terrifying and I screamed over and over as it neared us and I pushed my son in front of me as I cowered in the corner. I had originally planned to go to only 2 of the Trilogy of Terror houses because I had read about the Gates of Hell waiver and as a 59 year old woman, I just didnt like the sound of that. However once we got there and saw the pricing, I realized I might as well do all 3 for the price of 2. I had read that they might touch you and curse at you, but somehow I missed the part that said if you were claustophobic you should not go. We paid the extra $10.00 each and got to skip the long lines, plus each got a free t-shirt. Our wait in line was never more than 5 minutes, so it is well worth the extra $10.00, plus you get a cool t-shirt. The vampire one was scary. I tripped on a raised doorway and fell and skinned my knees badly through my jeans, so I did not enjoy this one as much because I was in pain. The big ghastly vampire at the end that flies at you  unbelievably fast is VERY scary! The clown one was scary also. They appear RIGHT in front of you with beastly clown costumes in the dark, which leads to lots of screaming and scrambling. I dont remember which one had the ceiling that started coming down on you until you are squatting, but that was very claustophobic and I almost yelled out the "safe" word to be led out. However I stuck it out and was glad I did. The Gates of Hell was the scariest thing I have ever experienced in my life. It was absolutely terrifying! I screamed my throat raw. The next day my voice was a raspy whisper. Just by chance we were sent through all 3 houses with the same 2 people (who we didnt know), but by the time we came out of the last one, we knew those young men rather well. Upon entering The Gates of Hell, I was grabbed behind the neck by an intimidating looking executioner and roughly shoved into an upright coffin, alone, while loud heavy metal screamed that I was going to die and I literally thought I was going to have a claustophobic panic attack before they finally let me out. There would have been no point in yelling out the "safe" word, because there was no way they could have heard me over the deafening "music". I was really glad to be let out of that, but It was scary the whole way through. We got shoved from behind, touched from the side, and we ran panic stricken into walls. Something dreadful grabbed my leg near the floor and scream as I might, it would not let go until I almost fell. We had to go through electric fencing and since we couldnt see, we couldnt tell where it turned and we got shocked. We stumbled on the uneven flooring, my son tripped and fell one time and we could hear hideous snorting coming behind us. My heart was beating SO fast, and I was just on "auto pilot" trying to get through, could not think properly, it was very traumatic. A menacing figure ran at me and grabbed me with both arms completely around me. I stood there wild eyed, screaming and horror stricken until it released me, and then I RAN! The poor guy at the front of the 4 of us got repeatedly shocked by the macabre fingernail creature - she would not let us pass and we were so scared that she was going to do the same thing to all of us! It was the scariest haunted house I have ever been to in my life. The next day we were sore, but still exhilarated.  We will definitely go back next year. Might even try the VICTIM  EXPERIENCE!
5	I loves me some Halloween.It's good we can't rate our own houses for quality of display and treats (chocolate - no DumDum pops!), lest I be forced to immodestly award myself the maximum stars, but I digress...I have been attending haunted house attractions in town for years. I have never seen anything inside them. I pay my 15 bucks, latch on to the Anaconda's belt loops, squeeze my eyes shut, and follow him through. I have the best time of anybody. (The exception to this being one year, he was "away" (don't ask), and I was forced to be the one in charge, escorting the kiddies through. I saw it all and I'll never do that again.)So, being a glutton for the adrenaline rush, we trekked off again this year with my baby sis in tow (she's in her 40's). I was not going near the Castle Vampyre because last time the ceiling lowered and I was forced to become interactive. Count me out. They loved it.The Anaconda went through the Gates of Hell and pronounced it "F***ed up!"(And if you knew of some of the Anaconda's real-life adventures, you would realize what an impressive statement that was, so I knew it was not for me). That and the fact that I understand they separate you from your group. Oh, hell no!That left the Circus of Horrors. I hate clowns, as do all sensible people, so I was already nervous. The few glimpses I got inside were mostly due to the room full of balls and the disorienting uneven floor sections, where I was forced to open my eyes just as hideous harlequins came looming and leering from the shadows. (My- that was almost poetic)!The whole experience was almost survivable, however, until the end. There, they gather everyone in a small room and choose one hapless shmoe to lead the group and "feed the beast". Guess who the shmoe was this time? I got as far as the cage, saw a shadowed figure skulking in the back, threw the food at the bars and ran screaming out the exit door. Apparently, my companions were treated to the sight of the "beast". Good for them.Of course, I'll be back next year! (Half-off coupons usually available through dinelv.com).
5	We live in El Paso and I wanted to take a trip to Las Vegas. I decided to go in October because I absolutely love Halloween and figured Las Vegas would have some good Haunted Houses. We went to Fright Dome and....What a joke!!! That's all I will say on that! So...We went to Freakling Bros. There was a guy, an employee, standing at the front of the line telling people when to go into the attraction. I said "Is this haunted house worth it? We went to Fright Dome the other night and it was a joke." He said he used to work at Fright Dome and yes it was a joke. He told us these were good haunted houses and are worth it. Only way to find out was to see for ourselves.  When we were in line waiting to buy our tickets the girl in front of us asked the guy walking around with a camera guy following him (I believe the owner) something about the haunted houses. He said they were all good. She asked which one was the best and he said, pointing, "That one's good. That one's good. Don't go in that one!" Me and my sister just looked at each other. So we went in the first one,  Castle Vampyre. This one was good! Really good! As all haunted houses, they send a certain number of people in at a time. It was us and 3 other people. Adults. Not childish children who ruin it for others. (I'm 33 and my sister is 36.) I'm thankful we were sent in with them. They were awesome! I loved the way this maze was set up. You felt confused and didn't know what to do or where to go at times. Then we decided to go into Gates of Hell since the line was shorter than Circus of Horrors. My sister wasn't crazy about going in it because it was the one the guy said "Don't go in that one." This is the full contact haunted house. You have to sign a waiver before you enter. People were going in 4 at a time. But not us. We went in alone! Just us! The reason being because the people behind us were taking forever to read the waiver so the guy sent us in alone. I would always get upset and complain about going in haunted houses with other people because we're usually in the back and everyone up front gets scared and that ruins it for me. I go to haunted houses for the thrill and rush of getting scared. I'm always hoping we get to go in alone so we get all the effects and scare. BE CAREFUL WHAT YOU WISH FOR!!! OH MY GOD!!! That's all I can say! We didn't cry. We were too scared to cry! When we finally made it out my sister and I were in shock. My sister drank an entire bottle of water right after! This haunted house really shakes you up! Be careful what touches you! This haunted house was INTENSE! And when they say full contact they mean it! If you think it's just grabbing and pushing you or in your face....THINK AGAIN!  (I'm very thankful my sister went instead of my mom. She would've either had a heart attack or killed me! ) I'm so glad neither one of us yelled the safe word! This was an amazing (and terrifying) experience!
1	I visited this in october of 2013 This is  the worst Haunted attraction I have ever been to.  The Gates of hell centers around the actors being able to abuse you. They seem to thrive knowing that its against the rules for you to hit back but they can do almost anything they want to you.  Don't waste your money  these people are cowards.
4	Not the best haunt I've been to but by far not the worst. Had a lot of fun, the houses weren't bad. Everyone was real nice.
1	This was the worst haunted house I've ever been to. They honestly abuse you and grope you. When you use the safe word they don't even respect you and make fun you for saying it. There was a woman who was the worst smelling person and groped a girl so badl. I have burns on my skin from the attraction. This was the waste of money. The manger was a douce and claimed they have cameras so they can see if there employee abuse people but it was so horrible. Save your money and avoid this crap!JT of the attraction  has commented on the  photos claiming they are a rug burn. I assure you all that those are not from a rug burn but for the electric shock at the gates of hell. JT's response is an example of how little they care about their guests and  how rude the staff is there.Avoid the place and save your money.
5	Freakling Brothers delivers on the scares with three haunted houses. Circus of Horrors is a funny and scary circus themed house with creepy clowns and sideshow attractions. Castle Vampire feels like walking through a haunted castle, with some really great effects like hidden passages, bridge, shrinking room, and vampires of course. Both of these houses are fine for teens and brave kids. The actors don't touch you in Castle Vampire or Circus. The Gates of Hell, which Freakling bills as the first R-rated haunted house, is unique from the others in that the actors can (and will!) touch you. You've died and gone to hell, and you're treated as such. It's really fun to suspend disbelief for a while and just enjoy the experience. They will usually send you through in groups of four. There is some pushing to move you from room to room, or place to place. It gets physical, but there's no groping or anything inappropriate. At one point, an actor grabs someone from your group and holds them hostage; it's scary when you're the one chosen. There is another part where if you touch some dangling wires you can get shocked (just keep your hands in tight by the fence,) and another part later with an actress wearing "electric fingers" who will probably touch you. The shocks are, well, shocking, but I think it tickles more than hurt; it's pretty low voltage stuff.  No other spoilers are needed. They make you sign a waver. No touching back is allowed or you'll get tossed out. There is a safe word if it gets too intense.Gates of Hell is not for everyone, but it is awesome for those who can handle a little extra from a haunted house. Freakling goes the extra mile to make Gates of Hell an unforgettable experience. But stick to Circus and Castle if youre in poor health or bad language and pushing is not your thing.  I had so much fun on my first visit that I went another night and got the all-night pass so I could go through a bunch more times. I got the $10 t-shirt that gets you to the front of the line for all three houses for the whole season. Gates of Hell holds up well on repeat visits. Castle Vampire also merits another go thru. Five stars for the trilogy.
1	Ok so tonight. My boyfriend and I, tried the gates of hell. We were warned that they will touch you.But we was not told we would be practically choked in there. As we first walked in, we got separated,n yes...it was a scare. Through out the maze, people come grabbing you, slamming u to walls etc.u get shocked yes shocked, my friend has marks on her to prove the burns it gives you. this one room, stink like a corpse and the woman who I must say, I thought was a man,stinkerrrr, grabs me,slams me to a wall n hold me down for a good minute or two practically choking me with her elbow toward my neck,is CRAZY...we were wrestling, to the point where she was not letting me go! At first, I was still ,going with the flow, then it was too long... in return, I PUNCHED her in the face!! Talk about rumble!I got thrown out...I honestly thought this was ridiculous....Don't spend your money here, it's a wasteU sign a waiver in the beginning, not sure what it says on there but READ FIRST .
1	The response for the JT was nice but those burns were from the wires at the gates of hell and not a rug burn as he claims.I would never go here again and would caution anyone to go there and waste their money. JT response is another example of how rude these people are and how much they disrespect patrons who attend their attractions.Avoid at all cost!
5	I went last year! and cant wait to go again this year! i dont understand why people complain about gates of hell! do your research, if you cant handle it, dont do it. They give you a waiver, read it! I did it, and loved it. It was terrifying, but thats what i paid for. They do an amazing job. Very excited to go again.
5	My boyfriend and I went with another couple and went through all three haunted houses. The Circus Clown themed house was fun and the perfect amount of scary to ease you into it. The Vampyre Castle was really well done (I love Vampires) and was more intense than the Circus Clown house. Now for the main attraction: The Gates of Hell... I was already announcing to the group that I don't want to go through this house, I'm good with the other two. Of course I was convinced into going and everything would be fine. I won't give away any of the haunts inside but I will say I had to say the "safe" word because I couldn't take it anymore. I've read all of these negative comments and it seems like I had the same experience as the others but I was expecting it. It is made extremely clear prior to you entering the house that you will be abused psychologically, physically, and not everyone can handle it. Even being the only one out of my group who caved and opted out I still think that this Trilogy is awesome! They do their jobs very well. Not everyone can handle the R rated house (me being one of them) but I expected everything that happened to happen.All in all, if you are up for the scare of your life then go!!! Yes they touch you but eventually they have to stop... It's a great time!
5	Let me start off by saying that I'm in the Halloween/Horror business and have been attending events across the United States for years.  I've been a guest and also worked for Knott's Scary Farm, Halloween HAUNTS with Cedar Fair Theme Parks and other private sector businesses.  I got the unique opportunity to attend Freakling Bros. this past weekend and was blown away! The actors in the mazes are amazing and truly love what they do.  This is NOT your typical "Theme Park" Haunted Attraction.  This is where adults go to experience Halloween attractions in a whole new way.  I will NOT give away anything in any of the mazes because you really should experience this as a "virgin."  This is well worth the money.  I recommend getting there a few minutes before doors because it will get packed.  They do not cattle in bodies into the mazes like most Theme Parks.  They make sure to space you out so you can truly have a private walk-through.  I recommend you do all 3 mazes and start off with the Circus Maze, then the Vampire and save the Gates of Hell last for dessert! DISCLAIMER: This event is NOT for children no matter what your kids say. Take them to another event. This is for true Halloween/Horror enthusiasts.
1	DON'T DO IT!When I signed the consent form to be touched on the Gates of Hell maze, I didn't think that meant I would be shoved against, and pinned, to an electrified fence!! Nor did i think it gave the 'performers' the right to put my wife in a head lock and yell into her ear. Even when forcible separating the shit smelly actor from my wife, she refused to let go of her. Just when i was about to get violent, she shoved my wife into the next part of the maze with all her might. These people totally go beyond the right to touch and several of our group left with burns and scratches. How this can be construed as 'fun' is beyond me.The only saving grace of the night was the Castle Vampire maze. i wish i had saved my money and only gone into this one, though while I thought vampires were repelled by garlic, the vampire girl that gave us instructions must have been immune based on her breath.Also, bring cash, as they don't take any type of card, and the ATM's on site charge $5 a pop. No tax and no receipt either. A little suspicious if you ask me. #taxfraud
5	I've gone 2 years in a row now. Defiantly scarier this year than last. It's lived up to exactly what it says it's going to and more. I see people say all the time "oh I signed the waver and didn't know they could show me and burn me" that's what it's for they can touch you yell at you shove you shock you ect. If you're not into that don't go. It's a thriller. I went in already injured came out just the same and got shoved against a wall and shocked multiple times. And I'm a tiny little girl who gets scared and hurt really really easy. Some people are chickens ;)
4	Great Trio of haunts. Very good quality, great actors and perfect spacing between groups. Make sure you say hi to Cardinal Sin, he's a show stealer!
5	Gates of Hell is a crazy experience! It's not for the weak of heart. Be prepared to be shoved, jumped on and shocked! The priest that guards the gate harasses everyone in line. He's hilarious and vile (I'm sure this is to weed out the weak from entering). If you're claustrophobic, don't go in. You must not be easily offended and be able to go with the flow. I definitely recommend this for haunted house enthusiasts!
1	The haunted houses were not scary and in the gates of hell there was a electric fence that will keeping shocking you I was shocked three times in the eyes the acting was poor and could tell all three haunted houses were thrown together... Don't waste you money
5	Went here ALONE on a Friday night, wife was too scared to accompany me.  Trilogy of Terror is basically 3 Haunted House attractions all set up in an empty parking lot.  Circus of Horrors is the "clown" theme one, Castle Vampyre is the "vampire" one and Gates of Hell is the R-rated one where they can "touch" you as you are now going to Hell!  You sign a simple waiver acknowledging you are ok to be touched.Circus of Horrors is rumoured to be in its last year...don't know why as it was plenty scary!  Too many things to remember but they did have a "white" room filled with a fog and strobe light...very disorienting!  Also a ball room where the balls needed to be moved in order for you to progress.  After MANY scares and illusions, the last thing you see is the Wild Man of Borneo...well, I might have missed out a bit on this as I do not recall being asked to feed it; but maybe I was...possibly too nervous to remember.  In any case, wont give the ending away but you will scream.Second up, Castle Vampyre...for me this was the best of the 3.  Incredible illusions involving mirrors (or are they?)....smoke....uneven floors....moving ceilings...deep wells that you may need to lower yourself into by a rope.......laser light....and I don't want to say anything about the ending but if flying objects scare you, better bring a change of underwear.Last was the Gates of Hell.  In many ways, this was not as tough as I thought it could be.  Be prepared for electrical shocks and they will happen more than once!  Maybe some water as well.  Bad smells.  Bad breath.  And being touched.  And confined into a booth about the size of a phone booth.  Claustrophobics need not bother coming in here.  The firing squad ending, to me, was a bit weak and was a poor man's version of the Disney Tower of Terror.  Enough said on that.I have attended quite a few attractions like this...Halloween Horror Nights at Universal Studios, 13th Gate, House of Shock, Hotel Fear, Asylum, Frightdome.  All of them have strong points, but I think overall this might be damn close to the top of the list.  Especially Castle Vampyre.I was lucky enough to have a staff member sort of escort me thru each attraction.  I personally think this was a great idea as it made me feel not so alone, and she kept me sort of going in the right direction.  Absolutely this is a must-see haunted attraction!
5	Really great haunted houses. Definitly worth the $30 . Highly recommend going if you actually want to be scared
5	I'm not going to ruin this for people that want to go, so this will be short. I loved every terrifying minute of this haunted house. I only did the gates of hell because I have never done a haunted house you have to sign a waiver in. This is really scary you will wish it was over the second you go in.the actors were great the scenes were great have fun and enjoy.
1	The gray-haired ASSHOLE at the end of the Circus of Horrors smelt like PISS and he was VERY, VERY, VERY NASTY!! Plus...he had all the people backed up and was totally yelling at everyone! And it WAS NOT part of the act!!! We waited there forever for the "wonderful finale  of the PATHETIC  GORILLA!  You guys JUMPED THE SHARK!!!
1	Ok, so we were instructed that we should not touch the "performers", but when one got right on my face and started screaming, I screamed back, I got kicked out of the first 'ride' for "shoving" a 'performer'. Round two a "performer yanked me out of my work uniform shirt so bad that ripped the seams off. On the third "act" we got kicked out for going "too fast" which they described as "horseplaying".....After the first incident when I asked very discreetly for a manager,  he answered "I hope you don't get kicked out of the next ride"....Very poor management, and very impartial rules
4	Pretty scary.  The vampire one was better than the gates of hell. But gates of hell was a great haunted maze experience never been in a haunted maze where they touch you.  Being eletricuted was an awkward painful experience.
4	Pretty good spot. These guys spent some serious time designing the rides. Having the trilogy all in one spot is what brought us there, and did not disappoint.Word of advice, if you wear a smartwatch turn it off first. It got confused with a phone several times.
1	Last night I had the misfortune to take my sister-in-law, 15 & 17 year old niece & nephew to Castle Vampire and Gates of Hell.  I had gone to Castle Vampire twice in years past and enjoyed it as creative and fun haunted house. This year Castle Vampire seemed stale and somewhat run down.  Part way through there is a door sill that is about 12-16 inches high that you must step over in the dark, well my nice fell over it onto her face. There was also a new more negative and abrasive attitude with the costumed entrance greeters. Gates of Hell was a totally uncreative, not scary but simply rude and abusive experience; there is nothing scary about being rudely shoved forward and yelled at. Shortly into it we came to an area where we were repeatedly provided stinging electrical shocks which is when I used the failsafe word to free my family from this inappropriate abuse. Of course they rip you off by stating there is no refund if you use the failsafe word. My only regret is I didn't walk away with my family prior to entering the structure when the greeter was using the F bomb and other lewd and inappropriate language.  These attractions have lost all of the creativity that could provide a scary, fun, family appropriate Halloween experience. This business is no longer family appropriate and is cutting corners to simply make money. Save your money and avoid this cheap, abusive & trashy experience. I think the word is getting around as there was a very small number of people attending the attraction.
5	I loved it. My husband and I did the Circus of Horrors first, which was creepy. I'm not afraid of clowns so it was more about being disoriented at times that freaked me out, awesome. Next up Castle Vampyre. Again, creepy and at the end I definitely ran out of there screaming and laughing, very nicely done. Now, on to The Gates of Hell. I loved it. This was our first time so we had no idea what was in store. However, knowing it is rated R, I knew i would have to be prepared for anything. We signed the waiver, met the Grim Reaper at the top of the stairs and then ushered in. I'm not claustrophobic so when gas mask dude did his thing I just stood in my dark box with anxiety and adrenaline flowing out of my pores, awesome. Then the fun begins. We were sent through with another couple (ugh they were annoying). The chick was negative and no fun to go through this with and the dude, what a flipping pussy!! After getting the "shock" of our lives, the dude kept screaming "my arm! My arm hurts. Oh god my arm"! Dude then call out your safe word and let my husband and I enjoy this. But nope those two continued on. Personally, I laughed and screamed during the shocking experience, it hurt but tickled, weird right? I was the unlucky one, well actually lucky to me, to get accosted by the chick in the bathroom. Yes it sucks getting verbally abused and manhandled, but this is in all good fun. Not a real situation and never did I feel the need to lash out and attack my "attacker". In a real life situation I would have reacted differently but in this I think I took it like a champ. Granted at times during this "assault" I squeezed my eyes shut but that's a natural reaction to someone being in your face. Otherwise I loved it. A few more freaky things then off to meet Satan. Again getting another shock of my life, I think the bride of satan had a crush on me because she just didn't hold back, told me to "stop f$$king screaming" which I did, but she still gave me a shocking experience.  For those who gave negative reviews equating this to abuse, really?! IT'S NOT REAL!!! That is the beauty of it. It's to get your adrenaline going, get your anxiety level up not to take seriously to the point of having to retaliate back. Think of it as a full body contact sport. You get tackled in football, are you seriously going to jump up and beat the sh!t out of the dude doing his job, no!!!! If you think you may take some verbal abuse and manhandling seriously, then don't go . After this R rated experience, I'm seriously thinking about doing the Victim Experience. We shall see. **edited to add one more thing** per my hubs! the people screaming abuse and offensive about their experience! it's the pussification of America.
5	I was finally able to visit the Trilogy this year after hearing so many good things and positive reviews from within the haunt community and from friends with first hand experiences. I am so glad I finally did!This is everything that I have missed about haunted houses. I live in Los Angeles, so there's no shortage of haunts in October, but so many of them are pretty big and hire people that say "boo" and want a paycheck rather than hiring people who love it and get it. Freakling only allows a few people in at a time, so you don't have to worry about getting stuck in a conga line and seeing a scare too early. They also treat everyone equal. I'm a tattooed male and in most haunted houses, I get left alone so they can focus on the screaming girl within the group. Freakling doesn't care at all about who you are or if they think they can/can't scare you...they just go for it and it's amazing!Most people have covered the separate houses in other reviews. I loved them. So many cool effects and illusions that make you go ...WHOA! I was so impressed with all of them.Now...The Victim Experience. I wanted to try this last year, but couldn't make a trip to Vegas work. I signed up as soon as tickets went on sale for this year. I did it and survived. I can't talk about what happened inside, but I will say that it was one of the most brutal (mentally and physically) experiences I've ever had. After surviving, I felt like I could take on the world. It was such an accomplishment. If you decide that you want to take on the next level of extreme haunt....I wish you the best! If you survive, you will feel amazing and be part of the Freakling family instantly :)
1	Seriously felt like I was robbed of my money.  What a waste of money.  This takes place in moving trailers that are worse than a carnival.  You expect high end when you go to Vegas and this is not the case with this place.  This felt like a fundraiser haunted house that was put on by school children to raise money for their drama club.  How these guys have robbed people for so many years is beyond me.  They won't be getting my money again thats for sure.
