4	I'm not a fan of places that are always uber packed purely because there's always a wait and I hate waits, I want the yummies in my tummy ASAP!!! But what can you do if the place is popular bc the eats are good? Deal with it and know that the wait will pay off...I really thought that since this is the closest Sweet Tomato to us in the Southwest coupled with the fact that it's across LVAC that they would've made the restaurant bigger, which, they did not. It seems smaller and a bit cramped, even the entrance way was a lot smaller than the other locations. Who knows, my perception of the place could've been affected by the fact that it was super-D-duper packed with human beings.Food is consistent as other locations. I love Sweet Tomato, it's the closest thing that we have to Souplantation, like in SD, which is basically the same company.Bussers are super nice. Our server was really good about picking up the trays and even offered to get us refills.
4	It seems that I got here right after the lunch rush.  I went to lunch with a friend here around 12:45pm.There was virtually no line and we just waltz'd in.  They offer hand sanitizer at the front of the line.  Then you grab your tray and your plate.I had the Asian chicken salad.  It is my weakness and now I remember why I used to go to the one on Lake Mead and Rainbow so many moons ago.Everything was fresh, the food was plentiful and I didn't get any weird tasting vegetables that usually just ruin your meal.There is a large choice of pastas and dressings as you work your way to the register.An "Adult Lunch" costs $8.49 and the "Fountain Beverage" costs $2.49 for a total of $11.87, including tax.Once you reach the main dining hall, you will see a nice choice of drinks, including some dang good Strawberry Lemonade!There is an additional bar in the back that includes: Corned Bread, Pizza, Garlic Bread, Pastas, Back Potatoes, Soups and Chili's.The final bar is located behind the soda fountains and included some puddings, chocolate brownies and a Dreyer's Soft Serve (Chocolate and Vanilla)The food quality was top notch and a nice, healthy alternative to the other lunch choices in the area.  The place was very clean, the employees were friendly and there seemed to be a lot of seating. (I have observed outside seating is available as well)Tip: I was asked by the girl at the register if this was my first time at this location.  I replied yes and she proceeded to give me a gift back of three chocolate cookies that had a thank you card with coupons printed on the back.  15% Off your next visit after 4:00pm!
4	I was holding my breath waiting for this location to open because it is a nice alternative to the fast food joints in the area. Most of the time I have eaten at this chain has been at the Souplantation in San Bernardino on Hospitality Lane. The food there has always been good, just the location has always been kind of a dump. It was a nice surprise to see what a new location is like. The restaurant  itself was decorated in a wholesome/industrial motif with exposed ducts and big pictures of fields and fresh healthy messages across the wall. This is the first location that I have been to that offered outside seating. It is a welcome addition, the only down side is that it is next to the street. The food is standard for this chain, plenty of it and all very good. For desert, don't for get to hit the soft serve machine for the win!
3	This place is great, don't get me wrong... but I visited this place on Saturday at 2:30pm and there was a line about half as long as the salad bar counter!We waited about 10 minutes to hit the register and then when we did and paid... I was asked if we wanted to sit out in the 100+ weather!They had ran out of seats! So we had to stand around for 10 minutes with our food on our trays until there was an open spot.Compared to their Rainbow location in Las Vegas, this place is pretty small and that's too bad because their food is very good... Just didn't like the wait. It would've been nice to have been warned by the person at the front door before we started down the salad bar.That was my only gripe, everything else was just as good as last time.We also had a coupon that we've gotten from the mail and lunch for two with drinks were under $22 after tax.I will still be coming to Sweet Tomatoes, their fresh tossed, won ton chicken happiness is to die for.
3	This new location is pretty damn spiffy. It felt clean and prices are OK ($8.50 for lunch). I had a coupon bringing it down to $6.99 - I'd consider going again next time they send me one. The salad bar seems weird in that you fill it up and then pay. Rest assured, you can come back as much as you like. The premade salads were pretty gross, but the fixings for the DIY salad were decent. Nothing premium like avocado (and they make you pay extra for chicken! What a ripoff!). However, I was pleasantly surprised by the fun veggies they had - jicama, zucchini, butternut squash, etc, all shredded for your salad eating pleasure. Fountain drinks are pricey at $2.49, but they did have Coke Zero!I tried a bite of their chicken coconut soup (my typical fav at Thai restaurants) - it was really gross. My coworkers cauliflower soup looked equally disgusting. For dessert I had a small bowl of their sugar free mango coconut mousse. I can't fault them for it tasting REALLY artificial (it was sugar free after all), plus it's cool they even offered something without sugar. The sundae bar looked pretty great if that's your cup of tea. In general this place is a carb-fest with an adequate salad bar. You might come in here with good intentions to eat "healthy", but be careful as the pizza, ice cream, and baked goods will all be staring you in the face the whole time!
4	Its about time they opened one in this area!!  I was sick of driving to the NW to get my cheapo salad fix.  Its great that they always change up the menu w/ the different themes every couple of weeks..some hit..some miss but there's no other restaurant I'm going to get such a huge dose of veggies like this place.  We always get coupons in the mail here which make it even better.  I always get 2 plates when we go in.  One for the specialty mixed salads and the other where I just pile on a bunch of veggies etc.  I never bother w/ the breads/pasta section and usually get a couple of soups w/ the turkey chili and chicken noodle being my faves.  Its cool that Republic of Tea is included in the drinks section too.
4	Nothing like a great salad in this Vegas heat! We love to come here for a great salad (and more)! It is always packed during lunch time. I like the buffet style they have set up and the staffs are friendly! They are pretty good at helping you find a table too! The variety of soups, bread, cheese sticks and mini muffins are great compliments to go with the salads. They also have a sweets section. Yum!This place is great to take the young ones! They will sure enjoy the variety of foods they get to choose from and in the end, they can have a little soft serve frozen yogurt! :)I need to try this place for dinner!
2	This place is a weird cafeteria-style eatery. Right when you walk in you see the salad bar. You get in line, fill up your plate with either a pre-made salad or make your own. Then you pay and grab a seat. I find this place to be odd because I'm the type of person who likes to scope out a buffet before deciding what to eat first. At least let me pay then check things out. But to grab a salad, pay, then get more food seems like a bizarre process.All the food is average. Nothing exceptional, but a few items I would eat again. A couple of the pre-made salads were decent. The cornbread and chocolate peanut butter chip muffin were also good. The focaccia was decent, pastas were below average, and baked potatoes were tiny. They've got chocolate and vanilla soft-serve ice cream with some toppings to mix in. They has some sort of low-fat mango mousse which was not good.The place is clean and the bussers were quick to pick up used plates. It's a family-friendly restaurant and relatively inexpensive place to eat, but pales in comparison to real buffets around town.2.5 Stars
4	Always busy, bizarrely competent customer service. The guy must have come and taken old plates three times over our lunch.The first time I went here I was very confused because it's a big salad bar with the registers at the end. You load up and then pay. Rather than the typical Vegas buffet style of pay, then plate.I suspect someone at corporate paid a psychologist a lot of money to decide that, because even though they are very friendly, I feel awkward about walking past them again to get more salad. ALSO, there is a ton of food behind the line - potato and pasta and a dessert bar, all of which is included in the meal, but the temptation is to avoid the conflict by loading up on lots of salad and thereby not eating any of the hot food. It makes it difficult for me to portion it out properly, is what I am saying.They had four kinds of butter for the potato, by the way. I went with honey butter, because c'mon, that is kind of excellent.
3	The girls at work love this place and since I love them,I go to Sweet Tomatoes with them for lunch. The location on Flamingo is new and so the restaurant is clean, well organized and spiffy. Sweet Tomatoes is supposed to be a salad bar experience. The moment you walk in, there is a long line of salad fixings: prepared salads, greens, veggies (beets, corn etc), beans, pasta, croutons, dressings. After you fill up your plate, you pay for the meal: almost 9 bucks for lunch. Not too bad considering you can have unlimited goes at all the food. Towards the back of the restaurant there is the prepared foods sections: soups (about 5/6 daily), pastas, breads, baked potatoes, drinks, muffins and dessert. Although Sweet Tomatoes is always referred to as a "salad place" it's really not somewhere you want to go if you're in any sort of a diet. There is just way too many carby, cheese laden foods that unless you have self control (I have none), you're going to have a calorie fest. Having said that, these are the things I like about Sweet Tomatoes at W. Flamingo (besides the above-mentioned spiffiness of the restaurant:1. Service - friendly wait staff, staff that clear the empty plates in a jiffy, general efficiency of the people who work there2. Labeling - They label their prepared dishes as "vegetarian" and sometimes even "vegan." The website does an amazing job of letting you know what type of prepared foods each location has. Visit the site before going down to your Sweet Tomato experience3. Creativity - Props to them for trying. They had Asian Week this week and they've tried to have Asian inspired soups, noodles etc. Ummm...they had tofu available for "Asian Week." I nearly went to heaven (until I saw a piece of what looked like ham in the tofu container - see my statement on separation)4. Soups - They have 6 soups and 2/3 of them are always veg/vegan5. The Garlic Focaccia Bread and Cornbread with Whipped Butter - Mmmmmm. Cons:1. Taste - Honestly, nothing blew me away. The garlic focaccia and cornbread were the only things that came close to it. The soups were quite bland, the prepared salads were tasteless and the brownies were dry and tasted like diet food. With a menu of about 30 items, it's pretty incredible that there was only 2 items I liked2. Separation - Not sure how they could get around it, but they have meaty items with vege items in the same area and you do see some cross-contamination3. Crowd - This location was packed. Took me about 15 min to get from lettuce to spinach due to the 2 perfectly coiffed women in front of me deciding which green to eat4. Marketing - For a restaurant to claim that it's healthy and promoting veggies there is a lot of artery clogging options available. Tell it as it is. Salad here but lots of comfort food tooAll in all, Sweet Tomatoes is a decent option for lunch and probably would make everyone in your group happy. But don't be fooled into thinking that eating here will make you the next Twiggy.
3	I have very mixed feelings on Sweet Tomatoes. While I love their fresh ingredients, and the fact that they label whether or not the dish is vegetarian, I am not a fan of the price. I just seems really high, AYCE or not. Noting that, I was very impressed by this new Sweet Tomatoes. It was very clean, but also very small. The feel of it is a bit more modern than the Green Valley or North Rainbow locations. They also had different items than the other two (steamed veggies, where have you been?). I did notice that some of the items were fresher at this location, which may be because of the size. Not as much room to have things sitting under the heat lamps.We will be back, as we always find ourselves coming back to Sweet Tomatoes.
3	I'm really not a salad person. Never was. I still like it here. I really don't like how you're forced to pick out a salad before you pay(I was worried you couldn't go back to the salad bar, but you could so it's all good). The price is decent enough until you ask for a drink and you have to pay more than $10.My favorite salad was the Chicken Wonton Salad, mostly because I'm a sucker for Asian-style salads. Once I was done with my salad, I hit up carb-city with the pizza bread and cornbread muffins, which pretty much totally negated the healthfulness of my salad, and that pizza bread's pretty damn addictive to boot. The soups are delicious though, I couldn't stop getting bowls of gumbo. The dessert section was boring to me, but you really shouldn't expect that much out of a soup and salad place to begin with. If you're trying to be healthy/lose weight, stick strictly to the salad bar and the soups, avoid every other section as all of that stuff is filled with carbs. If not, then just go for it, the pizza bread is amazing.
2	Sweet Tomatoes is an AYCE soup/pasta/salad bar.  If you've got a hearty appetite, don't come here.  But, if you are looking for a change in pace of the fast foods chains and want a more healthier alternative, head on over to this recently opened location in Summerlin.I can't say much other than that the experience here was "different."  The moment you walk into the very casual, almost informal cafeteria-like restaurant, you run into the salad bar.  Load up on a great variety of salads and all its fixins, then you end up at the cash register to pay for your meal...weird.  I would probably have felt uneasy on my second trip up to the salad bar, had I gone for seconds.  Why would I want the cashiers to wonder whether I've paid or not?  To me, that's just strange.After you've paid for your AYCE meal, you can head on over with your cafeteria tray to the soup and pasta bar.  The pasta selection is meager, but there is plenty to choose from for soups.  There were only 2 or 3 kinds of pasta, of which, might I add, a plain-looking mac & cheese was one of the choices, and 8 kinds of soups.The drinks and desserts stations were so-so.  Beverages from sodas to hot teas and coffees were all self-serve.  The desserts station only hosted a soft-serve machine with toppings, a few fresh fruits, and a chocolate lava cake, which didn't seem to have that "molten, flowing lava" effect from within it - just chocolate syrup to serve atop it.  Hmm.All in all, I'd say this place is for those who would want to load up on their veggies and can't seem to fix their own decent salad on a platter at home.  Although, I must say that the kids had lots of fun with the self-service appeal here.  I mean, service-wise and dining, it was all very pleasant and clean.  I have nothing to complain about at all.For the atmosphere and price?  Dine here if you are into less than casual and you don't have much of a good palate.  Otherwise, I would simply recommend to stay at home and make your own meal...key word, "simple."
1	Glad there here for my mom, that aside I can't stand to spend 25 bucks for salad that taste bland. Who ever designed the salad bar is an idiot  the middle row on the bar is to far in my mom couldn't reach anything and when I went to get it for her I smashed my face in the snot protector 5 times now I'm pissed off b4 I even payed. Then I'm told there's no ice in the soda machine and the ice machine in back is broken. Employees were great but I can make a better salad experince at home and for less money.
3	Portions are EXTREMELY small other than the salads. Other than that the food is really tasty! This is a family place so be prepared to see old people and crying babies
5	This is a healthy place to be ... Salad and pasta galore and many more! First time my parents introduced me to this place i just had to go there weekly ... call me a fatty but i would have two plates at a time ... I even go for seconds ... filling my plate up with potato salad caesar salad and another one but i forgot the name. Its like an asian style like salad with fried wonton and almond nuts i think. Place wise is clean. The staff seems very welcoming. One thing I don't like is the water ... its like water from a faucet. Not that i've tasted. Just the way it looks. Other than that. Healthiest restaurants I'd rate numero uno!
2	My stepdad is in to the whole no meat and all vegetables diet.  Not that he needs to be on one considering he's the healthiest person I know in this entire world.  He is a firm believer that eating only vegetables and fruits will give you a longer life.  In a lot of ways, I have started to think the same way.  Maybe because I started watching too many documentaries regarding the exploitation of meat and how hormones are commonly used in the growth of all animals.  But, I still love the taste of meat and can't completely remove it from my diet completely.  To please my stepdad, I took him to Sweet Tomatoes.  Once we walked through the entrance door, I saw the long bar table filled with different salads, and vegetables.  I also looked at the price and it said $9.89 per person and $2.39 for unlimited drinks.  Altogether, we paid almost $27.00 plus tip for two people.  We got our trays and placed two plates and then filled our plates with the salads and vegetables we desired to eat.  I thought we could come back for seconds or thirds with salad, but that's not how it works here.After seating ourselves, there's another bar with a small assortment of pizza, breads, one choice of pasta and steamed vegetables, baked potato stuff, and a large variety of soup.  There's also another station for drinks and dessert.  Since the advertisement was buffet style, I figured there would be more variety to choose from.  For anyone choosing to eat buffet, it's ideal to eat at a casino and pay a little extra.  The only good thing I can say about this establishment is the freshness of their vegetables and fruits.  I can't see myself coming back here again.
3	Okay, okay.  I had to give this place another try, or tries.  After all, it wasn't fair for me to assess this place with the biased thoughts of "meat" on my mind...lol!  With a renewed frame of mind, my family and I dined here again...5 times!!!  Yes!  We've been going here quite often now since we have been making an honest effort to make moderate changes to our eating habits.  Although I know this place is not nearly organic and less processed as we'd like, Sweet Tomatoes is pretty fresh!  Everything does taste pretty good!I stuck to the usual salad bar, preparing my salad the way I want.  You also have the option to select one of several pre-made salads too, ie. Caesar salad, wonton chicken salad, etc.  My kids enjoy the hot pasta bar and dessert bar the most.  What kid doesn't?  My husband can't get enough of their Vegetable Barley Soup...I think they are in the process of changing their menu, so this may not be on the current rotation of soups for now.  ?As for the ambiance, cafeteria trays, and a more pleasant "mediocrity," if there is such a thing, they are all still present.  We dine here for lunch moreso than for dinner - we need "heartier" for our dinners.  The one gripe I have is "where did the little cherry tomatoes go?"  They used to have it in their salad bar, and now they have replaced it with larger sliced tomatoes, not sure if they are Roma tomatoes or what.  We stay away from the added purchase of drinks, which will run you into an extra 2 and a half bucks per person.  Lunch is $8.49 pp.  $2.50 for the drink bar didn't make sense to us, since we don't drink those drinks anyway.This is definitely a place to visit if you don't want to prep your own salad at home, which I've come to find out, it's more for the convenience and not the lack of talent to make it yourself at home.
4	I go here for lunch once or twice a week, and the experience is consistently satisfactory.All you can eat salad, soup and desserts for a little under ten bucks, seems fair to me. The soups and desserts are forgettable, but the salad ingredients are always fresh (and that's the main reason I go in the first place).The place is seat-yourself... most of the time. Sometimes they get lunch rush'd, but they do the best job they can in these situations to get everyone into seats as quickly as possible --even at its busiest, I've rarely waited longer than a few seconds for them to find me a seat.
4	I've always been a fan of Sweet Tomatoes. My cousins and I decided to eat lunch here yesterday after a nice hike out at Red Rock. I knew about this relatively new location for a while, but it was my first time here. I really like the spot. It seems like a bunch of places have suddenly sprouted up around them, from Yogurtland to Sammy's Wood-Fired Pizza.As for Sweet Tomatoes, you probably know the deal. As soon as you enter, you're faced with the salad line. You pick up a tray and a plate (or two), construct your salad, and pay at the end. This location seems to be a little different in that they actually seat you. At every other Sweet Tomatoes I've been to, you just seat yourself.I have never had a bad salad at Sweet Tomatoes. No matter what ingredients I add, it always just turns out great. This occasion was no exception. I think you can go back for more salad, but I usually don't. To be honest, their post-salad items aren't always amazing, but I come here for the salad anyway. Anything else is just a bonus.They usually have at least one great soup. They are made from scratch daily and there is a wide selection. I guess February is potato month, so on this particular visit, they had baked Sweet Potatoes. Yum! Yum! Yum! I didn't have any muffins on this visit, but those are usually great too, especially if you pair it with something from their excellent butter selection.By the way, where else can you get a freakin tiny ass ice cream cone? They don't actually serve ice cream, but they have a frozen yogurt machine. You really have to be careful with those tiny cones because they fill up almost instantly!I'm still a fan of Sweet Tomatoes.
4	Good ole Sweet Tomatoes!  AKA Soup Plantation!  The restaurant is very similar to Souper Salad but with a facelift.  It's a myriad of unlimited salad items, endless soups, unlimited fountain drinks, and an infinity of hot carbs.  These restaurants have a monthly theme where they utilize in-season fruits/vegetables to create special dishes aside from their already existing menu items.  February's theme was potatoes (ex. cream of potato soup, potato salad, etc.).The West Flamingo location is the newest Sweet Tomatoes in the area and even boasts outdoor seating that overlooks the great I-215 (also a great view of Home Depot).SALADFresh pre-made caesars, pre-made cold pasta salads, pre-made broccoli salad, etc.  The salad bar also boasts tomatoes, cucumbers, spinach, lettuce, cauliflower, and tons of other veggies!  For the chef salad fans, they have feta and cheddar cheeses, hard-boiled egg, croutons, and a boat load of different salad dressings.  Grilled chicken is extra $.SOUPI've never really been a fan of their soups even though I've tried many of them :-\.  Each restaurant has about 3-5 different soups.  HOT BAR  Mac and cheese, Iike theirs because I like Kraft.  Perfect for the kiddies.  They also have at least one other hot pasta but don't ask me, because I stick to the Kraft.  While you're up there the have hot potatoes that you can load up, different bread sticks that are pretty yummy, and muffins!  OMG the blueberry muffins are to die for.  Put the honey butter on them--euphoria!DRINKSUnlimited of course, just like everything else.  They offer Coca Cola products and also have different iced teas and juices.  Mix and match you crazy barista!DESSERTI always stuff myself on the blueberry muffins, so I never visit the ice cream.  Yes, I said ISCREAM!  Dreyer's chocolate and vanilla, soft serve, if you will.  The sprinkles and chocolate sauce aren't just for the kiddies either, go ahead, I won't tell.  Don't forget the hot cobbler!Overall, I love Sweet Tomatoes.  They are casual, consistent, fresh, good, and cheap.  Meal+Drink= under $15
4	I am a fan of Sweet Tomatoes but I usually go to the Henderson location since it is closer to my house. A couple co-workers wanted to go to a salad bar for lunch last week, and after less-then-stellar service at the place we had been going for our rabbit food fix, we decided to drive a little further and give this Sweet Tomatoes a try. As usual, I had a coupon thanks to the Sweet Tomato email club. We arrived right before noon on a Friday and there was only one group of customers ahead of us, and numerous tables open, so no waiting. All of the food bins on the salad section were well stocked. In the prepared food sections they had fresh corn bread muffins and cheese bread sticks to go along with the homemade tomato soup that was the special for the month. There was also some pasta but it didn't look that appealing. Staff was exceptionally friendly, even when were walking out every employee we passed said goodbye and wished us a good afternoon.
2	I feel that there is not enough variety for the amount of money you have to pay. Souper salad is cheaper and offer practically the same thing. Although they do serve fresher items then souper salad.
4	It was my first time here yesterday. My friend took me here with 2 other friends after work and he treated us. It was lunch time so it was about $7 (that's what my friend told me since he paid for it).It's mostly salads and more salads and desserts and ice cream. There's brownies and bread and pizza stuff, too. I'll probably have to come back again for a more accurate review, but I was pretty satisfied and I'd definitely come back again. Eating here would be enough to satisfy you for the time being but you'll get hungry soon enough. I ate a lot more than I thought I could eat, but some of the salads + the right sauces were really good.We got our plates and everything cleared pretty fast and they'd come around and take our plates when we were done so service wasn't an issue.. especially since it was buffet style. If you haven't tried Sweet Tomatoes or might not be a veggie place, give it a try anyways! It's good to try new things :0D.
5	Since my girlfriend and I could not find one decent establishment on the Vegas strip to get some good eats, we decided to look for Soup Plantation and we found its cousin Sweet Tomatoes. Like Soup Plantation we had a good happy stomach experience. Thats what I love about this place, it leaves your stomach happy. Salads are awsome especially when yo customize your perfect salad dream. From now on I will come here everytime I go to Vegas... At least I will not be disappointed.
4	I've always loved the rainbow best of the west location, but it's just so busy. I seem to only go to these with coupons now because of the price=recession and all.This location was beautiful! Rewarded my kiddo with a trip here, which we both loved. She loves to serve herself and I just love the damn focaccia bread! lol that's not all, all muffins, chili,soups, dammit pretty much everything they have. Even their "other than soda" drink selection.Now I wanna go there this minute :(Really new, nice and clean, friendly, and lots of parking with yogurtland in the same complex! sweet.
4	Sweet Tomatoes might be my newest craving! I've been to Sweet Tomatoes before for lunch, but never for dinner until the past couple of weeks. At $9.99 per an adult for dinner, its hard to beat and if you sign up for their membership you get coupons that make it 7.99 per an adult. Definitely more bang for your buck and its AYCE! Lately, Friday's have been Sweet Tomatoes night. Their clam chowder is to die for!!!!!!!!!!!! I am in love with it! I probably have two cups of clam chowder which totally defeats the purpose of eating yummy salad with any kind of toppings you want.  I also have to add that their blueberry muffins are pretty dang fantastic too! You know where to find me on Friday nights from now on. =)
1	I'm sitting in the lobby with my friend waiting for our other friends to finish because nothing here looks like food. It's all slimy-looking salads and gnarly soupish like concoctions. Gross.
4	Overall this place is consistent and the food is pretty decent.
4	Very clean, very modern, very well organized.I came here for the first time with my mom on a lunch date after receiving some coupons for $6.99 lunch via email. Apparently I was so excited to just eat that I forgot to get a plate when I walked in. I went straight to the salad with my tray and when I was just about to place the pile of salad onto my plate, I realized I didn't have one! I almost dumped the salad onto my empty tray. I looked over to my left and saw my mom cracking up. That's how much I love Sweet Tomatoes.Great salad and soup selection. I was very happy to see they had tomato soup when we went (my favorite).  The people at the salad bar are always fixing the tongs and making sure everything looks clean. The bussers are on top of their game as well, cleaning up plates the second they detect you are finished. The dessert section is never really amazing, but come on, you're there for the soup and salad. If you really want a treat though, you should grab one of their chocolate chip cookie bags, soo tasty and freshly baked!All in all, I love this location. I'll be back many more times!*Tip: Sweet Tomatoes is ALWAYS sending out coupons via email. They're almost always for $6.99 lunch or $7.99 dinner, so sign up for Club Veg and start saving!
4	Compared to other Sweet Tomatoes I've been to, this is a second coming of sorts. Modern interior, fresh and constantly replenished selection - this place has become my number one suggestion whenever I feel like being healthy.What separates this from other locations is service above all. I had planned on grabbing dinner here with a friend, and was waiting for her inside. In the five minute wait, I had been kindly attended to - conversations ranging from "How are you doing?" or just chatting about random topics. Never have I experienced staff so cordial and attentive at another Sweet Tomatoes. Another difference would be the modern decor - completely different from the country stylings of other locations.The food is nothing spectacular other than its freshness. Ever since living in Seattle, salads have become at least one meal out of the day. So coming here satisfies that requirement.  Not only do I satisfy my salad fix, I engage in carbohydrate overload with all the delicious breads. Oh, but then there's the strawberry butter hidden away above the baked potatoes. Overall, just a great selection of delicious food in copious, endless amounts for a decent price. I like!
3	I would have rated it higher, had i not had a problem with one of their soups. We went on monday night to this location since we happened to be in that part of the valley and it was past dinner time. So we used one of our coupons, making it 2 dinners for $23 total which included the overpriced drinks. I think they should make the drinks part of the meal price. What I hate about this new one, the way the salad bar is designed, it's almost impossible to get the middle items without crashing into the glass. This would work great for neanderthals, since they had super long arms. Or monkeys, since they can reach further than some of us humans. So to get some olives, you have to bend down and reach as far as you can, meanwhile your face is almost in your salad, and your hair probably is too. Bad concept.The restaurant is smaller, and I much prefer the Rainbow location or the Stephanie street one. I have never had a problem with any of the food exacting revenge on me before until the mushroom soup on monday night. My husband and I both had the same salad, side salads, side dishes, except we both had different soups. He hates mushrooms, but I love them. The soup pot was full, and I couldn't figure out why no one was eating it, and I got a cup. Everything was great,we enjoyed our meal, and 5 minutes after leaving the restaurant, I felt uncomfortably too full, bloated and felt like I'd better get to a restroom pronto. So stopped at a fast food place, and made it in the nick of time.Let's just say it was a rather gross unpleasant experience, one that I do not wish to relive in any way, ever!!!!!!!  And I will never ever eat at that location ever again for any reason. I will stick to the Rainbow location or the Henderson one if I ever go there again. Right now, I am afraid to.
4	People omnivores, those whom devour meat and veggies, but sometimes my carnivorous side takes over and to make up for it.. cheapo salad fix at Sweet Tomatoes. Veggies make regular bowel movements happen.Went online and found a coupon, it was a special of $6.99 for up to four people during lunch. Four people and two drinks for 32 something, not bad.What I like:- Get your salad first then pay. - Pretty decent variety of vegetables, dressings, and toppings, nothing "premium", but it was only 6.99 ($8.50 normally).- A variety of soup selection, different strokes for different folks yo.- Friendly staff. The cashier told me to go have a seat and he'll bring me my receipt. Never brought me my receipt, so when I questioned it, he gave me a meal voucher. Problem solved with no headache!- Patio dining! I have not seen this at the other locations that I have been to. I didn't take advantage of it today because it was hot, but when the weather cools down, it would be pretty cool to watch traffic pass by while munching on my croutons.- WARM brownies and frozen yogurt were available. Great for ghetto pizookies.  What I didn't like: - It took a bit for the plates to clear.-  Drinks are a bit pricey ($2.50?), at least its all you can drink.- Dessert selection was pretty weak. "See you next thyme!"
3	Sweet Tomatoes always satisfies my itch for plentiful greens.  The salad bar is fantastic and  packed with a diverse selection of fresh veggies  No wilty, slightly browned lettuce leaves here!I only wish Sweet Tomatoes' other selections were as good.   The soup is severely hit-or-miss.  While I appreciate that they're creative (hello Chicken Dijon), generally the execution is poor. Dessert is always good, but, you can't really go wrong with warm brownies and soft serve.I'd rate this location as the least preferable in Las Vegas.  It's smaller and has fewer pasta selections than Henderson or Best in the West.  It does have outdoor seating but it's generally unusable because: (1) It's too hot; and/or (2) It's too windy.  Also, I've noticed a lot of children emitting piercing screams at this location.  So, if you're a pasta fan and hate children, maybe try Henderson.
3	I had been eyeing this restaurant ever since I moved to Las Vegas, but always seemed to go under my hunger radar. Finally, after three years, my husband and I decided to check it out. This place is a buffet, which we had not anticipated. It looks like a cafeteria - though a nice one, for that matter. If you are looking for Vegas' signature buffet staples (crab legs, prime rib, endless shrimp, and stale pizza), you should not visit this place. When people say this is mostly for vegetarians, they are not kidding. First, there is a hefty salad bar, with build-your-own and pre-designed options. I tried the Asiago Ceasar Salad. It was absolutely delicious, I have to say. Not at all what I expected from this place. The dressing was tangy, mustardy, and the pieces of lettuce were not soggy. I went back for seconds. Then, as I tried to figure out what to have next, I realized that salads and soups were basically considered entrees. So, I tried the Dijon Chicken soup, and again, I was pleasantly surprised. It was full of flavor! I also had seconds. Then I saw my husband helping himself to some "chunky chicken noodle soup", and I decided to try that to. The thing is, that soup was lacking in flavor (only chicken - huge chunks of it - and noodles...no veggies). So, I filled my cup half way with Dijon Chicken soup, and topped with Chunky Chicken Noodle soup. Great combo! We also helped ourselves to some of what they call bruscetta, though they look like pizzas. They were pretty good. We also tried their honey-wheat bread, and sourdough bread, both of which were very good. For dessert, I tried the chocolate lava cake, which was too sweet and not at all tasted like it was made with "good" ingredients. The blueberry muffins, however, were quiet tasty. At the end, you sort of feel stuffed, but not really. I mean, you basically had little to no protein, and you're probably going to crave some a while later. If you're watching your weight, this is a great place to visit. They have all sorts of coupons, and I sort of felt like the only person ever to pay full price for dinner (about $27 for two adults' dinners, and two endless fountain drinks). I am definitely coming back here, coupons in hand, given their proximity to my home, and the surprisingly great flavors they offer! However, whenever I wish to fulfill canrnivore cravings, I would definitely skip this place.
4	Sweet Tomatoes is one of our family favorites! This couldn't be a better choice for vegans and non vegans a like. They have a huge salad bar with so many different veggies, beans,nuts, and pre-made cold salad dishes to choose from. They also have a lot of heavy fat laden dressings,cheese and a few pre-made salads that will definitely deep six your efforts to not eat loads of extra calories and fat. Just grab the various balsamic or other vinegars to top off your salad instead. You can also find fresh lemon slices to squeeze over your salad by the drink counter.  They also have a hot bar with a variety of soups, pasta and potatoes .   They generally have at least 2 vegan soup choices to choose from.  You can go back for plate refills as much as you like but for me I just start with 2 plates when I make my way through the salad bar so that I don't have to get back in line. I always finish my meal by bypassing the frozen yogurt machine and filling up a plate with some delicious cut fruit instead.I also like that when you sign up for Sweet tomatoes or Soup plantation club you will receive weekly discount coupons on what already was a great deal even before the extra discount. Kids under 2 also eat free. Incidentally Sweet Tomatoes is a great place to expose your kids to a wide variety of fruits and veggies that they may not other wise be exposed to on a consistent basis. When my girls were very little I made sure that they always picked a few new veggies to try. I also like that they have locations in other states so that when we travel we can often find a quick veg friendly place to stop.
3	I'm not a huge fan of Sweet Tomatoes. It's alright, but it seems a bit pricey for soup and salad. And though there are other things besides these, the choices are still pretty limited.
3	Heard Sweet Tomatoes was doing breakfast and had a coupon so grabbed a couple of colleagues and decided to give it a try earlier this month. Carb lovers rejoice - French toast, biscuits and gravy, outstanding gooey cinnamon rolls and waffles abound -- along with Sweet Tomatoes' standard fare.   There's even cereal!  If you are a healthy eater, many of the salad options are available during breakfast, but not many "clean/healthy" protein options. All of the egg options I saw were studded with sausage or cheese. Clever creations -- like a build your own breakfast burrito bar.
4	I had a fantastic lunch the other day with two lovely individuals who raised me. Yes, I was not raised by a pack of wolves, even though it seems like it by the way I eat at 3AM. My lovely parents and I popped into this location for a quick little lunch, and it hit the spot.There really isn't much to say about this place that hasn't already been said. It's a salad buffet joint. You start out by creating your own salad. All the fixins.Then, you have a nice selection of soups. Something for the vegan and carnivore alike. There's also a potato bar.My favorite section is the little pasta section where you can get some Mac n Cheese.Nothing here is gourmet, so leave your fancy palates at home. Sweet Tomatoes is just a fun, chill place to have a meal. Simple. Fun. Fast. Also, this is the same chain as Souplantation. A joint I used to frequent when I lived in Los Angeles.If you are one of those weirdos who likes to bring your diet to a restaurant, I suppose they can accommodate you. Pile some raw vegetables on your plate. Whatever floats your boat, but if you are normal and can enjoy a meal like a decent human....this is a good place for that.
4	I have never been to one of these chains before.  So stopped in for lunch to pick up a salad to go.  A plethora of options for salads, which is the point of a salad buffet.  Decent price and it was super clean (always important).
4	The food was good. The staff was friendly.  I only wish they would offer Clam Chowder every day... We would eat here a lot more if they did!
5	Not all Sweet Tomatoes are created equal. I used to scoff at my sister for coming all the way to this location when we live in the Southeast. It looks smaller than the Stephanie location, but it is cleaner and offer some healthier options. I love spring mix and it is a choice here. The greens look "green" and fresh. The items are replenished in a quick manner and are bright in color. We eat with our eyes first and I loaded up on all of the vibrant colored items. After the Thanksgiving weekend, a salad was something my body was begging for. Besides custom making my mountain of veggies, I like their Asian Chicken Salad and Caesar. The latter tastes lighter than most I have had before and that is perfect. Right now they have a Golden Yam soup and I am in love. I wish that they would keep the baked sweet potatoes on the line through winter. It seems to be a special during November only. I must have been nuts to do two buffets in one day, but at least I loaded up on my vegetables. I didn't sit out there, but it looks to have an outdoor seating option. It would have been heavenly on a beautiful sunny, 65 degree day like today.
4	This place is great!  The food is the same as the other souplantations/sweet tomatoes.  Same great blueberry muffins, salads, and soups!  This location has a little more trendy look to it with the hardwood floors.  The venue is smaller than all the other places I've been to.Still great food! And a great detox buffet compared to all the buffets in the casinos
3	It's a good place,  You certainly can't complain about their salad bar. It's fresh and a great selection.Their soups are ok. I typically only find 1 maybe 2 that I think is really good.  I love their muffins and their pizza slices.Service is good too. I just wish they would change up things on their hot bar more often.
4	I was super excited when this Sweet Tomatoes opened up since it's so much closer than the one at Best of the West. It feels smaller but the salad bar is just as great and now there are the "premium" toppings (more than just the cups of chicken from before). The selection is always consistent. I love love love the bran muffins and they replenish them fairly often so there are fresh ones out. The restaurant is very clean and the staff is very helpful and friendly. If you're not a Club Veg member, sign up! The deals are amazing.
3	Clean, convenient, lots of salad choices.
4	Lots of choices in salads and soups, the bakery section is somewhat small. The dessert is good as well (the strawberry mousse is more sour than your typical sweetened strawberry syrup). I can't complain about this place, I'd definitely come back when I'm not in the mood for meat.
3	Its a big salad bar. I was impressed with the flavors of dressing and the oriental chicken salad is really good. With a coupon $7 is hard to beat.
5	I love this place!  Everything is always so fresh and the restaurant is always clean.   It's Delicious and Nutritious . i love all the options you have to put on your salad.  And the strawberry lemonade is sooo good, you have to try it.
4	This place is great. Now from the looks of my profile pic...you can see I'm not really a "salad guy". I more of a meat and more meat type of guy, but I have to hand it to sweet tomatoes...they did a really good job with this concept. The salad was crisp, clean, and fresh, the tomatoes, cucumber, and other sides looked as if they were picked in the morning and the taste was very good! Also, they have great soups here and their desserts aren't half bad. Highly recommend this place if u are looking for a quick, healthy lunch. Lunch is $8.99, but there are always tons of coupons so you can get lunch for 1 for $6.99!
4	Extremely clean atmosphere.  For the money (9 bucks) you can eat unlimited salads, soups, pizzas, ice creams, etc.  Great buffet and extremely fresh.  Food was great!  Hot and fresh!
4	Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (40 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!Sweet Tomatoes is my go to spot when I want to eat healthy after a work out.  I love their salad display.  They have everything you need to make your salad nice and hearty the way you like.  They also offer extra options at a small price such as tofu, chicken pieces, and edamame.  I think those items shoule be free though because it's already quite pricey here in the first place.  But then again, it is a buffet so I can't complain.1 star = for their salad display as described.2 stars = for the honey whipped butter; it's so good!3 stars = corn bread muffins they always have.  And their limited offered Chocolate Chip muffins are soooooo good, I can eat like 7 in one sitting.  Their Banana Crunch muffin tops are super good too!4 stars = for having different items; it's never the same except for their regulars but it's nice to have some twists every now and then.5 stars is lacking because of the price, but they do have coupons every now and then so that's good.
5	the best sweet tomatoes in las vegas clean and fresh food and i have been to all the locations
4	I choose sweet tomato when I am crunched for time and don't want to sit around at a regular restaurant, but yet don't want to slam down junky fast food. When I go here I am in and out usually less than 40 minutes, because you pretty much just grab what you want and get down to business, no waiting to be served, and it's relatively small inside. So, if you want a quick but healthy meal, this is a great alternative.Food is fresh and there is so many variety of toppings, you can't really go wrong and will make the prefect salad to your liking. I prefer to make my own, over their pre made selections. I always get a coupon before coming here. You can get them sent to your email, or they can easily be found online. I love their iced and green teas. Soups have good variety as well and hot food bar is always great but consist of lots of carbs...so I tend to make that very limited! It can get a little busy in there, and you feel like everyone is almost bumping into each other and can get a little hectic, so that is annoying sometimes. One time someone (an employee at that) did literally bump into me hard and I dropped a small plate of food. No bueno.Other than that, sweet tomato is a great healthy and quick eatery.
3	I love Sweet Tomatoes/Soupplantation (same place).  Wonton Chicken Salad, Joan's Broccoli Madness, fresh veggies . . . sounds healthy no?  It is until you get into the main room where breads, soups, pastas and cake await.  It takes willpower not to overload on the carbs and calories.  Still everything is tasty and the kids love it too.  They have great variety for both food and drink.My only beef with this place (other than there being no beef), is that they charge a fee for about a dozen "premium" toppings including chicken, mandarin oranges, etc. Nothing special but I would rather pay $1.00 extra for the meal than $3.99 extra each time I want a few pieces of chicken to go with my salad.  And the worst thing is you have to pay everytime you get a refill even though the rest of the salad bar is free refills although seriously, how would anyone know.This particular location is not as clean as one would hope and the staff is less attentive than expected.
3	Always a great healthy choice for the kids and I.  It's always busy there and sometime hard to find a seat.  I wish the staff would do a better job keeping customers moving, there are times where they are stacking people in the waiting section with plates of salad, then force them to wait to sit down.  Seems like there could be a better way that for customers to wait with plates of food.
4	For what you pay it's a pretty good carbohydrate shrine. I just wish they had the beets I've grown to love there. It looked like they took them away. :(
4	I had been in a soup and salad state of mind for a few weeks and I finally came here to quench my thirst. We came when they opened around 11AM on Sunday and were surprised by how crowded they were. The sign said they opened at 9AM, so that might account for the line that formed outside the restaurant when they opened. They might want to update the signage for convenience. The salad bar was clean and had lots of options. The one thing I enjoy about Sweet Tomatoes and Soup Plantation is the consistency. They are all pretty much the same and you find the same favorites from restaurant to restaurant with the addition of the monthly specials they have. Service was friendly and most importantly, staff cleared plates and cups regularly to avoid pile accumulating on tables. They have a huge selection of drinks, which I find important since I like variety. Be sure to look out for coupons online or in the paper.
4	I like to think of Sweet Tomatoes as my guilt-free buffet. For less than ten bucks for lunch, I get the freshest salad ingredients, good soup and pizza. I love all of their pre-mixed salads and always make it a point to try them all. The macaroni and cheese and pizzas are legit too. I love eating here because I don't hate myself after like I usually do after I gorge at buffets.
4	I love Sweet Tomatoes.  This one was average sized but I didn't care for the layout.  I would have liked to revisit the salad bar (and FYI they charge extra for certain toppings).  The soups were delicious and the red velvet cobbler-like dessert was very yummy!
3	I go here when I'm craving some fresh greens. I'm obsessed with their broccoli salad. The build-your-own salad has been done before, but they do offer a larger and more varied selections. Their hot foods aren't bad either. I always get their blueberry muffins and their chicken noodle soup. The soup is so simple yet so good. They also send out weekly coupons online, so take advantage of those. I don't understand why their price for lunch and dinner are different, since they don't change anything in their buffet aside from adding "dessert" after 4pm. *shrugs*The biggest complaint I have about this place is that sometimes their plates are still dirty. Like, small pieces of dried food's still stuck on the plate which is pretty nasty.
2	Got there about 8pm. Not a good time to go. Stuff didn't seem very fresh. staff is so busy cleaning getting ready to go that they don't take the time to even pick up your tray or ask you if you need anything. I got up to go get some ketchup and they said they don't have ketchup. Ugh...Also...they charge more sure artichokes & extras.like $3 moreOk...I went back and found out that one of the Managers...Robert moved  out of state. New people....you better get on the ball!
4	First time to go to a restaurant of this nature.  Reasonable price to enjoy a variety of tastes and eat moderately healthy foods, i.e. salads, vegetables.  We enjoyed it a lot and would definitely go again but live a 1,000 miles away.  We would love for a restaurant in this chain to locate within reasonable driving distance of us.
2	Love sweet tomatoes just not this one. Smaller than most and out of everything. Dirty and no service. Beware of the ice cream machine just got chocolate sprayed allover my new shirt. Wanted vanilla but yep was out of that too. Sad when a salad place runs out of ranch. I'll still eat at sweet tomatoes but not that one.
4	even though its all you can eat, i usually only get one plate of salad and then just a bunch of soups and other stuff. its always clean, except when you got dirty kids playing on the floor and then touching silverwear and bowls, then put them back. i love the food here but sometimes feel a little grossed out and annoyed when parents dont keep an eye on their kids and let them run around like its a mcdonald's playground. all the servers are super nice. when i have an empty plate and get up to get more food and come back, bam! plate disappeared. i wouldnt use any of the condiment spoons for the ice cream or desserts bar. just watch what happens on a busy night with children running around...
4	It's a newer location, but smaller and less variety.  All Sweet Tomatoes (aka "Souplantation") are good in my book, always consistent and fresh.  You know what you're going to get -- SALAD, SOUP, PASTA, and MUFFINS - done.  It's not good for a diet, you know that.  Too much temptation.  Hint: If you are on a diet, DO NOT GO TO ANY BUFFETS.  Pssst...but here is a secret: If you have one plate, you will not gain wait.  Then again, this is Vegas -- the land of excess.Everything is well monitored and maintained so it's always fresh.  I'm a fan of a good all-you-can-eat (AYCE) salad bar that's kept just like this, fresh and clean!  While this location is just more than a year or so old, it has about 2/3 the salad bar, and about 1/2 the amount of variety of soups, breads, muffins, etc., compared to most other ST's that I've been to.Q:  Is less more?A: Nahh.One extra item just to throw a couple of more hundred calories at ya -- non-fat Dreyers Ice cream.  Both the vanilla and the chocolate are AWESOME!
4	It been sometime since my last visit. I have always been fan of Sweet Tomatoes for many reasons since my first visit. The things I like is the simplicity of the buffet nothing too crazy but simple food, fresh, and really not lot of unhealthy food on the menu. It all starts with the obvious the salad bar first thing hit before even pay and sit down. The selection of salad greens great (choose from head lettuce, organic mix greens, romaine greens, and one more think fresh spinach), and two prepared salad ceasars salad was one of them. The toppings is pretty diverse from raw vegetables, pasta salad, garnishes, and something NEW never notice before have premium topping that  can add too salad for price (honestly none of it looked that great too just ify spending more plus still the soups, mac/cheese, and more things the menu not even checked out yet). The salad dressings over ten different ones too choose one. Me generally italian dressing guy or creamy italian dressing. Once done with the salad get seated unfortunately being holiday ended up waiting ten mins at most. Still not that bad wait. The manager very friendly, and made the short wait go by easy.The soups range for four too five usually vary from day too day. Most part there all pretty solid soups. I had the chili and the creamy mushroom soup on this visit. Both of the soups were good and hearty. Nice and hot perfect on cold day. The cornbread I LOVE it. Between Famous Dave and Sweet Tomatoes could be in cornbread bliss. I ended up getting four pieces of it!!!! The mac and cheese is good. It little on the running side which prefer more thick and cheesy one. Still works for me. The pizza is good but this visit ran out of room. Another thing enjoy about Sweet Tomatoes is there lemonade. It says house made so assume the obvious. I enjoy the strawberry lemonade! It nice and refreshing perfect compliment with nice salad (light, hearty, or any style you choose). Not super sweet just right amount. The price is very reasonable and if looking for light buffet Sweet Tomatoes is the way too go.....
3	So I recently came here with a friend on Ober's night out ( hey someone has to help with these kid's education) where a portion of the proceeds go to the school. I am not a buffet person. Particularly if the buffet is for salads. Salad for me is lettuce and dressing. At home I have this great vinaigrette with 50 cloves of garlic in it that I love. I won't ever find a dressing that will top it. Nonetheless I was there to help our youth. I did try the turkey chili, which was really good. In retrospect, I should've just had 3 bowls of that. I also had a baked potato. When dessert time came around I figured I'd get my money's worth and try some ice cream. Unbeknownst to me, the machine wasn't working and proceeded to throw ( I felt an explosion) the ice cream at me! Needless to say, I took it as a sign that I wasn't meant to have dessert that day.All in all, this is not the place for me but I realize that I am a minority and people, particularly families, get the most out of the experience.
4	Love me some Sweet Tomatoes. This location is about 2 miles from my house which makes it super convenient for lunch. I joined Club Veg through the website so I never pay full price for my meal. They e-mail coupons right to my inbox so I can just print them and go. This location is always clean and the staff is continuously wiping down the salad bar and cleaning & bussing tables. The food is fresh and they have tons of options to chose from. I try to start small but when I reach the end of the salad bar I always need a bigger plate cause mine is overflowing with fresh greens, ripe veggies and salad toppers. If you have never been to a Sweet Tomatoes soup and salad buffet you should give it a try.
4	Yelp 100 Challenge * 22/100My coupon collector of a girlfriend (you know who you are, Candy!) got us a $5.99 deal here a couple of weeks ago. Abundant salad options with extra charge on certain toppings, although you only get a one time go at it. The salad bar is a one way glide towards the cashier where you pay a one time fee for it. It is after paying that you can bask in the unlimited supply of pizza, soup, muffins and non-fat frozen yogurt in the interior of the restaurant. Great options. We kept heading back to the soups - Mexican Meatball soup for Candy and cheddar brocolls/potato leek for me. For once, I could take in mouthful after mouthful without feeling too conscious (or too bad) about the calorie intake. Clean atmosphere. Efficient staff (one woman accidently dropped her tray & all that came with it. Soon enough, the staff was sweeping it and everything was gone in a jiffy). Healthy options. Great place for family and friends.
4	Here's the deal: the food isn't going to rock your socks off and it's not anything special, but the diverse salad bar is fresh, it's a wonderful place for Vegetarian-friendly (and Vegan, if you're lucky) eats, and you simply can't beat the price! With their coupons (weekly ads and online), we had their AYCE lunch for just $5.99 each (regular is $8.29). I mean, six bucks for delicious, fresh, make-it-your-own salad? YES PLEASE! My favorite part of Sweet Tomatoes? The monthly, and sometimes more frequent, changing menu! It's just fun and there's a smaller chance of boredom.I love that they have beets and all my usual friends: broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, onions, celery, etc. Plus, you can go back for more! They also feature other ready-made salads and in the last few months that I've been, I have really enjoyed the Greek Couscous w/ Feta Cheese & Pinenuts (Vegetarian) and Whole Grain Fiesta Couscous (Vegetarian). From the bakery, I like the Blueberry Muffin, Banana Crunch Muffin Top, and Quattro Formaggio bread. Now their soups are a different matter; I'm not a big fan. Especially their Vegetarian ones. The last couple times I've visited has been after my Vegan/Vegetarian journey and I haven't had a soup I've enjoyed. Prior to that however, I've really enjoyed the Chicken Pot Pie Stew and Creamy Herbed Turkey (additionally because they serve it with their buttermilk biscuits and stuffing, respectively. I've also seen their nutrition guide (love that they have this!), so I know there are TONS of items I've never tried and there may be Vegetarian soups out there that I'll like.Bottom line: this is my go-to place for a quick, cheap, casual, healthy and Vegetarian meal! I also visit frequently!
4	I go to Sweet Tomatoes when I want to pretend to eat healthy, then I veg out on unlimited delicious quattro formaggi focaccia (say that 10x fast), basically cheesy pizza bread.  Of course I'd be the girl to go to the salad place and get everything but salad. They have a huge selection of toppings and dressings to put on your salad; I never end up with the same salad twice.  You can start out with undressed greens or go with one of their signature tossed greens like caesar asiago.  They even have deli salads (like tuna salad or pasta salad) for those who like some variation from greens.  I love that they have beets as a topping, they are my absolute favorite on salads. Personally, I wouldn't recommend paying extra for the "premium" toppings.  I think they're like, $2.50 extra each time you get a salad.  Some of the ingredients in that selection perplex me as to why they'd cost extra (like tofu, isn't it basically 90% water anyways? it should be free!)  Also, the last time I was there, they didn't have chicken available all day.  That made me a little sad since I'm a meat girl.  They didn't have a single meat item in the premium toppings selection.Besides that, the non-salad items are also really yummy.  They have warm muffins, brownies, and deliciously heart-healthy seasonal soups.  Some of their soups (like the thanksgiving dinner soup they had in November) are really really delicious and I end up going back for seconds.  Their pastas, like the mac and cheese, are just okay, nothing spectacular.   I also like their drink selections, especially their yummy teas.Overall, I like going to Sweet Tomatoes not only for the salad but for everything else.  The food isn't out of this world phenomenal, but it's a great healthy buffet spot for lunch & dinner at a very reasonable price.
4	Best soup and salad bar in town.  The wife and I come here at least once a month.  We like to try the different soups and other items they change each month.  The salad bar has so much to offer.  There are so many different toppings, all so fresh.  The composed salads change each month,  I think 1 or 2 stay the same.  I love to build my perfect salad. The foccacia cheese bread is so yummy.  It is a mainstay as well as corn muffins and blueberry muffins.  The honey butter with the cornbread is my favorite.  There are different breads each month also. Soups are hit and miss.  Most of them just need some salt and them some are just not good.  Then there are some that have some great flavor, like the rosemary potato soup. The dessert is soft serve ice cream with toppings, but the soft serve is always good.  A wonderful end to a great soup and salad bar.
5	This is a great place to load up on veggies, pasta, soups, salads, and of course, dessert. A great place for families and kids. The employees are friendly and are great at keeping the place well stocked. The menu changes often which is a good thing- a little variety is nice.
3	Having heard great things about the chain, we gave it a go. While I would have liked to see a protein offered as well the good variety of fresh veggies and sides (grilled chicken for example) overall, we enjoyed our lunch
4	Big fan of this place!  Management and staff are super friendly..
5	Start your review...I don't go to the "salad places" too often. Sweet Tomatoes is one of the few healthy food joints that I actually go to and will continue to return. Their food is always fresh and their servers are always polite. I have never had a negative experience at this location and I've even had the manager, and asked if everything was okay.The only thing that has changed is a no longer have an area for the add-ons like chicken and other items. It used to be that you could pay a couple dollars more and put check in on your salad but they remove that option it look like. Me being a meat eater, I always look for a protein substance to put on my salad. However even without this I found the food to be good.I had several different types of salads along with the tuna salad. It always good and I would highly suggest going here. It's a nice alternative to pizza, or burgers.
4	Always a great place to dine for a good value. All you can eat soup & salad bar. There is also a selection of pasta, breads and desserts. If you sign up for their club, you can get weekly email specials. I'm a big fan of their 4 cheese bread, teas and various desserts. Yeah, I know, the least healthiest stuff found in a feast of healthy stuff. What can I say, I'm cheesy...and sweet? Perhaps not. But still try out this place at least once.
4	Love the place, go there quite often. Wish they have some vegan options for soups, otherwise, it is a perfect place for lunch!
1	Food is decent but everything else is crap. There are probably 15 options other then the salad area. It was blah and not a good lunch option. There was one pizza option. I wouldn't go back.
3	Vegas is KING of buffets and is known for its endless options. For locals..Sweet Tomatoes is a nice option for a 'salad bar' buffet off the strip.  It is reasonably priced and (generally) well-stocked (see my pics) . It is an exceptional choice for all the 'veggie nuts' out there and for those who are craving a heaping plate of refreshing greens. They also offer fresh fruit, a baked potato bar, homemade soup options, and your favorite drinks. It is A-OK for a cafeteria style eatery. Make sure you go online and get a coupon before you go- It makes the trip worthwhile and you'll have more cash for other things.
2	Easy with a lot of kids with different likes as plenty for kids, basic veggies, Mac and cheese, pizza and soup. Also the brownies and ice cream desserts. However for adults, salads are ok but nothing special, pizza is eh and not many healthy options. I haven't been in a few years but I remember better food and more selections.There is no service anymore But the price is cheap if you want an easy option. We were on playdate and was easy but not somewhere I would chose to go on our own.
4	FRESH delicious salad bar with a reasonable price tag. I like it. Hunnie Bunnie likes it. I can eat A LOT and not feel SUPER weighed down by greasy food or junk. WIN!
3	Up until recently I had no real complaints about Sweet Tomatoes but it seems that they are trying to save $$$ and it really shows in their food.. The chicken noodle soup was once packed with huge pieces of juicy chicken but is now just more noodle & soup than anything..& their chunky chili seems much more watered down than before..Their salad bar is still packed with fresh veggies.. However, they did get rid of their "premium items.."I still go to ST because it's close to me and is a healthier option than other quick fix places but I hope this isn't the beginning of the end!!! Red Rock lunch buffet is only $8.99 and they have a salad bar plus much more hot items so ST needs to get back on their A game... HOT TIP: join Club Veg to get weekly coupons.. I also noticed that instead of their coupons having a fixed discounted price they now just offer 10% off~
3	My sweet hubby and I went to lunch here the other day for something different since we both had never been before. I noticed a coupon in the mail which was two for $18.99 and included unlimited drinks so we used it. This is a smaller location than most and is funny how it is set up with the salad bar near the front entrance. Anyhow it was super clean and the nice and cool air conditioning was a super treat for it being such a hot day outside.We really enjoyed the items they had to offer especially the fresh strawberry lemonade in which we could have all we wanted.This is a buffet/AYCE establishment and they boast that everything is homemade.What we had:SaladChilibroccoli and cheese soupbaked potato w/cheese, sour cream and chivescheese breadsourdough breadmacaroni and cheesepasta (cold)pasta (hot)blueberry muffinscornbreadstrawberry lemonadedessert chocolate frozen yogurt sundae with hot fudge and caramelWe really enjoyed it, the food is good however I grew up in San Diego where we had the soup plantation which was Amazing with quality food!We will be back for sure because my sweet husband really liked it more than he thought he would.The only annoying factor is that the table next to us was filled with staff eating on their breaks including the Manager. They were loud, laughing and goofing off which turned me off a bit.The staff who clears plates off of the table was not on their game. While we ate dessert we still had our plates from our meal still on the table stacked up. The Manager walked pass our table several times as well and did not seem to care as he was more interested in hanging out with his staff who were on breaks eating hanging out in a booth.
3	It's not bad but for the price is too much just for salads. Kids should be cheaper than $5 since they really don't eat much, especially the salad bars! If your Able to do 2 rounds of salad bar do it to get your money worth. But man I get full after one plate and I'm done! The pizza is oka not enough flavor super bland. Soup is tasty but if it has noodles in them... I wouldn't recommend it because the noodles just sit in the pit and gets over cooked.Overall I would come back just because its healthy. It's good place to go after a good work out. That's only if you don't get the cheese or stuff with mayos lol
5	i am sooo glad they have one near me on the sw side of town.
5	I LOVE this place!!!! Always fresh and yummy! Lots of salad options to choose from and the soups are delicious!!!! Service is friendly and fast! Perfect place for lunch!
5	This place was so good. I would recommend it to anyone. The price is low but the food is of the best quality. My wife had a special request and the manager went out of her way to take care of us. We were here during a busy time as could be seen by the few tables that were empty. We sat down right away and it didn't feel like it was that busy. They had all the food full and the kitchen staff was on the ball getting food out. I will be back and very soon!!A++ and an extra star.
4	I love this place. If you like fresh salads you can make yourself with fresh ingredients and great soups this is the place for you. The restaurant is always clean. The salad ingredients are always fresh. The soups change seasonally, but they always have the chicken chunk and noodle which you have to try. I suggest Sweet Tomato for any kind of lunch even a business lunch.
2	This was my first experience here.. I was overwhelmed walking in the door and seeing the different selections.  The salad bar was so good looking!  I finally decided on my salad and toppings. We get to the register and the young kids at the counter greeted us. What I didn't like was the fact the boy at the counter gave me an attitude.  He was ringing us up and asked me if I wanted something to drink and I said "no thank you". So he asked me yet again because we went off track trying while ringing us up. I said "No, we're good."   He replies, "OKAY, I was JUST asking.." I looked at his confused as I thought I was more than polite about it, my rply was ".. and I'm just saying." with this smile on my face.  The girl next to him started laughing and they finally finished ringing us in.  We said thanks and seated ourselves.I didn't expect anything great but if you want cheap eats it's great. On Monday kid's eat free.. I won't be heading back anytime soon I'm still all little irradiated how I was treated but I'm giving him the benefit of the doubt and he might of been new to the working and customer service world.  Hopefully the cashier doesn't suck the next time.  I really did want to LOVE this place like everyone else does.
1	You'd think Sweet Tomatoes would cater to vegans... But they don't. Me and my family come here at least once a week. They offer healthy food... Great salad bar and yummy soups. We were very happy until they changed their selection of soups... At first they dropped to one vegan option, out of eight... And now we were told they won't have any for the next month.We won't be back... Jason's Deli has an organic salad bar... And organic vegetable soup.
4	This place is perfect for a light lunch..price is not too bad either.
5	I know of three Sweet Tomatoes locations in/near Vegas.  I've been to the Henderson location several times and found the food fresh and the facilities clean and inviting.  This location is a little smaller but earns top marks for parking availability, good service, clean tables and restrooms, fresh salads, and consistently hot soup and pasta.  If in the mood for soup and salad, Sweet Tomatoes beats out the casino buffets by a mile.  If you're in a carnivorous mood, definitely look elsewhere since meat entrees are nonexistent at Sweet Tomatoes.
2	I am NOT a fan of Sweet Tomatoes. This location is always packed with soccer moms and their kids and I don't get why. The salad bar is fine but it's overpriced and has cheap ingredients. My biggest pet peeve is that even though the restaurant's name is Sweet Tomatoes, they don't even have sweet cherry tomatoes on their salad bar! What the heck? I know cherry tomatoes are pricey but c'mon, that's your namesake for crying out loud!This place tries to lure you in by claiming to be "healthy" but it's really carb central in disguise. While it's true you can eat reasonably well at the salad bar, the food bars are a different story. Bread, pizza, macaroni and cheese, pasta, sugar and starch laden soups, baked potatoes....not a lot of options for the healthy eater. How about adding some steamed vegetables or something? Although it's an all you can eat restaurant, I often leave here hungry because there's hardly any protein!This place is overpriced and low quality. You can do better. And I don't know if it's some sort of additive they put on the salad bar but every single time I eat here, I get tummy troubles. No kidding.
4	Good value here. Fresh salads and soups. For under 10 bucks it's a good concept and having an option for a healthy lunch in the neighborhood is always a plus.
3	Soup plantation, sweet tomatoes, they are the same exact thing. For some reason, I found the sweet tomatoes much more savory than the soup plantations I have tried. If you love soups and if you love salads, this place you will love. If you want meat and lots of it, this place is not for you.
2	It's been 6/7 years since I've been to Souplantation, so when my uncle and aunt from Vegas suggested Sweet Tomatoes, I was open to it. I like vegetables and stuff more now, so maybe I'll like it! I've changed!.....but then I remembered that somethings never change. Sweet Tomatoes is like Souplantation, where you eat salad and soup, and there are no options for meat. Nuff said....BUT the Rosemary Soup was amazing.I don't think I will be returning to Sweet Tomatoes or Souplantation. Options are too limited, and eating leaves is not worth $10+ of my money in my honest opinion
3	Came here to meet up with an old teacher who lived in the area. Enjoyed it mostly because of the company. It is what it is, a simple soup and salad buffet, no matter if it's named Sweet Tomatoes, Soup plantation, or fresh choice. For $9 a person, it's not bad. The food was pretty fresh and the staff was friendly enough.
2	I really expected better from the reviews I had read. Unfortunately, while the idea is great, the execution was lacking. Don't get me wrong, the salad bar had some great choices, but it's placement made me hesitant to return for seconds. The soups were all right, but I think I've had better from Campbell's, so I can't really give extra points for that. The pasta was cold and bland, and the bread products (except for the cornbread, which was quite tasty and moist) were reminiscent of lumped sawdust. Maybe I caught them on a bad night or something, because I do recall having a pleasant experience once before, but that could have been the pre-dinner cocktails down the street that were doing the tasting for me.
3	Ok, so here is my obligatory review only because I go here more than I want to. I am a carnivore so this place is definitely not on my top places to eat list. I have 4 main reasons why I come here. 1 is because my wife loves salad. 2 and 3 because my two kids love mac and cheese along with the chicken noodle soup. Lastly, 4 because every so often I over indulge in having some kind of meat fest whether its a large Ribeye or at a buffet like Korean Barbeque or Brazillian so I tend to feel kind of guilty. So salad is in order.So if you ask me where and what to eat, I will  never mention this place ever. But for you salad eaters, I can see why this would be heaven for you. As soon as you step foot in the place, you grab a plate or two, throw it on a tray, then off you go to the long buffet bar full of all sorts of vegetables.Then you pay and you're off on your merry way to go find a table or booth to sit down. If you join their email club, they send you coupon specials and promos. Also, if you look in the newspaper, every now and then they have 2 for 1 specials. When its really packed, you have to wait for a host to find you a seat.Once you sit down, you have other choices like different soups, breads, pasta, etc. Every month they usually have different themes like lemon month, which means a lot of the items have some kind of lemon influence like lemon cake or pomegranate lemonade fusions.Some random info: They have these card thingies at your table that indicates if you took off to go get more food or if you are done so the bussers know whether to clean your whole table or not. These guys are the same as Soup Plantation in Southern California. Dont forget dessert! They have frozen yogurt you serve yourself!So from my point of view, my family loves it here, which makes it ok for me.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #26
3	Sweet tomatoes is a great go-to restaurant for a quick meal at a cheap price. They offer a wide variety of vegetables and toppings for your salad, so stack your plate high and get your 8 dollars worth! I had the bacon salad and it was decent; the dressing wasn't over powering either. I also loved the focaccia bread and the ice cream. The focaccia was tasty and the ice cream was perfectly soft; the caramel is a great addition to it! Why this restaurant has 3 stars is because of the extremely dry potato and the tasteless pasta. For a place that specializes only in pastas, soups, and salads, you would think their three main dishes would be of high quality; but it wasn't.
3	Sometimes they have delicious soup and other times it's just alright. Luckily they always have some sort of chilli which I can never go wrong with. There's a nice selection of salad and lots of different toppings and salad dressings. I also like that every month they have a certain theme for the food - one month it was lemon, and they had this really tasty cold lemon linguine pasta and some lemon flavored desserts. There's also a fair amount of soup to choose from. And I really like that they don't just serve the same food all the time. They always have new soup choices each week. The place is clean and the food is pretty good if you're trying to be healthy. It's really sort of a hit or miss but I do find myself coming back here a lot. Mostly cuz they have chilli. Did I mention you can also make a baked potato?
4	I love Sweet Tomatoes! First and foremost, I'm not too big on eating meat in the first place, so I definitely do not mind that there's little to none here. A bowl of hot soup is an instant comfort, and my last meal on earth would definitely be a truck load of carbs. I am just the carb kind of gal, and that's exactly what you get here: an abundance of carbs!Although some of the food could use a little more flavor, not once have I had a negative experience here. I personally get my money's worth and enjoy my meal!
4	Our family loves going to eat here there is something for everyone. Of course the kids like the ice cream. Wish it was a larger location since sometimes it is really crowded.
5	Salad was good so many options soup was good also corn claim cowder ! Dis was my first time here I most def.. will be coming back
1	We just ate here; it was awful.  That's the nicest thing I can say.  It was overcrowded, dirty, and the service was dismal.  When we paid, the employee said, "There's no where to sit if that's OK."  What??  A sit-down restaurant with no where to sit? Great business plan. Charged $2.39 for iced tea, out of iced tea. The food was ok but the service is lame and the place is obviously poorly managed.  NEVER going back!
3	Sweet Tomatoes is like Fresh Choice in north California - a buffet-style veggie restaurant chain.It's great when you crave fresh salad selections.
2	Has gone way down hill. Not sure why it still has such great reviews.Salad bar is messy - and only half stocked.Not a great selection.Pastas are boring and been sitting out for a while - usually they take care in this section in a Sweet Tomatoes.Baked Potatoes are small and cooked wrong.Soups, well, nothing special.Oh, and the "Lemon Lava Cake" - WTF? Do people actually come here for it?  Was printed in the ad, was a pile of mess, in the corner of a pan.
1	I've eaten at a few Sweet Tomatoes before (mainly in Florida) and this was my first experience at one in Vegas.  I was not impressed.  We used to visit the one close to work in Orlando often because the food was awesome and the selection was amazing.  This one disappointed me.  The selections were slim past the salad bar, most of the dishes were empty or close to empty and my biggest complaint is the ranch dressing,  It was thin, unflavorful and just plain awful, which completely ruined my salad. This means I'm limited to what's left.  Which wasn't much.  I was expecting the pasta bar, wide selection of bread, and bigger selection of sides, all of which can be found at the one in Orlando on Kirkman Road.  I won't be back, nor will I recommend.
1	The food was not delicious and the service was terrible.
4	I haven't been to Sweet Tomatoes for many years and things haven't changed much. You still get the basic salads which are always fresh and tasty.  I think their soup bar has expanded with a wide variety of soups to choose from. This is the first time I have been to this location and am quite impressed by their soup selection.  Their soups, pizza, pasta, blueberry muffins, cornbread, etc are all very fresh and tasty.  I would prefer to have bigger plates so that you don't have to go up so many times to get the hot food items.  I like the bottomless drinks and the have a good selection of teas too.   Make sure to join their club to get their weekly special emailed to you.
5	Me and my roommate recently went to this location and it was delicious! The service was amazing as well!!!
4	When it comes to AYCE soup and salad, this place has the winning recipe, the best thing about Sweet Tomatoes is that they stick to what they know. I think it's the ideal restaurant for lunch, and for families. I'm a soup lover so this place is good in my book. Oh and how do you NOT eat more than one blueberry muffin???  If your not allergic of course.
4	It's really good if you're vegetarian (which I'm not). You can get great to-go value if you squish your food in real tight.
3	Very average salad buffet. One macaroni salad I ate was absolutely disgusting, but my regular salad was good...I was able to prepare it how I like. Not too many other options, but this location also seemed a bit small.  They had a great little ice cream station. I made a brownie sundae. Yum!
5	LOVE THIS PLACE!It is always clean and everyone is always friendly. The selections never disappoint. My twins love it and the mac and cheese and pizza!
5	I have been introduced to this location very recently. I find the service on my last three visits to be spectacular. I have read the other Yelp reviews, and I cannot disagree the the complaints of changing the ingredients because I find all of the ingredients that are pleasing to me. The spectacular friendly service takes this location from 3 to 5 stars for me. The soft serve is ideal, and why not making a root beer float like my kids do!
4	Bottom Line: It's like Cici's pizza, but emphasizes the salad bar instead of the pizza aspect.My fiance and I went here on recommendations from Yelp. Seeing both high and low ratings, we figured we had to see for ourselves.You walk in and immediately have the full salad bar option. The dressings could have been labeled better (mismatched labels), but after pointing it out to a clerk it was quickly fixed. The hot line had a few tasty breads, including a dessert option and BBQ pizza option. The drinks really impressed me. They had the normal Coke products, but also a few coffee types, tea, two lemonades, a virgin hibiscus sangria, and strawberry drink. As for their soups, there were 7 options when we ate. I tried the Claw Chowder. Not the best I've ever had, but solid recipe. Supposedly you can suggest new soups online and they'll be in the store within a few days.Overall, great for a varied lunch buffet, especially at a terrific price ($11 at time of writing), but not the fancy restaurant you'd go to for an anniversary
4	I love sweet tomatoes when I feel the need of being healthy. And then, it beats the point cause it's all you can eat! The prices are great for buffet! And they have good soup and pasta. My favorite though is making my own salad. They have fresh ingredients and really yummy dressings. If you can't choose, you can have all different kinds! The interior is really nice and clean. I like going here with my family. Their dessert is good too. Love the fudge brownies and little ice cream cones!!!! Mm mm mmmmm.
4	I was in the mood to eat salad today so off I went to Sweet Tomatoes.  I've been to this location several times.  I must say the salad topping selection has always been plentiful and fresh with several dressing choices.  Im not a prepared salad gal, but there are many to choose from.  Today they had lemon pasta with capers...it was so good...I had to have a second helping.  Not a soup person in 100+ temps, but the bowl of vanilla ice cream with chocolate syrup was a nice way to end a meal.  See you next time Sweet Tomatoes when I need a fresh green salad.
2	I realize this isn't fine dining, but this location is consistently disgusting. The salad bar is always messy, but today I found a hair in the shredded broccoli, and hot food stations were messy as well. The service wasn't much better; although no one was rude, just distracted. The server refilling the salads made more of a mess refilling them than the customers. Food was everywhere. Even if it means that I drive out of my way to Lake Mead and Rainbow, I won't come to this location again. Management here must have absolutely no pride in how their restaurant is presented and that's a shame. Two stars for the name only.
4	My wife introduce me to this place and this has been our spot for lunch once a week. The salad and soup are pretty good.
5	I like this place; it is Soup Plantation. It is owned by Soup Plantation and has great food. Definitely not a meat n potatoes place. You've got salads, pasta and soup and dessert. It's about $12pp so that works for a family of 5. Kids were pleased with the food. The only difference for me is that Soup Plantations I've been to have more selections/varieties of food. But overall, I knew where I was coming so it was what I expected.  The desserts there were not for me but they did have a few different things.  They had ice cream/frozen yogurt machine which contained Peach Cobbler ice cream (not good to me lol), they also had brownies and a chocolate moose type dessert.  Check online for their menu before you go to make sure they have enough of what you want there.  Otherwise, what they had was very tasty!
3	It's not that I don't like Sweet Tomatoes, I still do. If you asked me a year ago I would've said it was 4 stars but now that they've raised the price a few times since then, it's not really worth it to eat here anymore unless you get a coupon which are usually available in the newspaper or via email if you sign up for their e-club. I came here last weekend and was shocked to see that the lunch price was now just under $10! For a salad buffet? WTFThe benefits to eating here are that you get to build your own salad from an extensive line of veggies, toppings, and seemingly homemade dressings. There are also pre-made salads and pasta salads but none are usually very good or worth eating. I usually try a couple but then end up grossed out after a couple bites. Once you get to the end of the salad bar, you select a drink and pay for your meal. In the dining room there is a soup, pasta and potato bar where you can choose from about 6-8 different kinds of soup and also load up on extra carbs like breads, pizza, pastas like mac & cheese, and baked potato with various toppings. I usually just go for the soup and breads so I can't comment on the others.There is also a dessert area adjacent to the soup bar with fruit, pudding and soft serve ice cream. The only thing worth eating here is the tapioca pudding and ice cream. I even realized on this last visit that these 2 things are even better mixed!Overall Sweet Tomatoes is a good place to go pig out on food you think is healthy, but really it's not...unless all you get is plain veggies. I used to love coming here (and their other locations) but now the pricing is just getting out of hand. Is food cost really up that much for a bunch of veggies and soup stock? Doubtful
5	I would recommend this place to anyone who likes soup and salad and isn't looking for something fried. I always leave this place feeling full but not overly heavy and yucky which is how most buffets make me feel.The only negative is how expensive it keeps getting every time I go here it seems like the prices keep going up. I don't like going to dinner here since the price is almost $12 w/out drink, I try and stick to lunch or go when I have a coupon.
4	If you like soup and salad this is the place for you!! Great selection of salad. Some soups are delicious and some are so so. They also have pasta, Mac and cheese, breads, muffins, and ice cream. Great environment and great family place
4	I like to think I come here under the guise of being healthy but who am I kidding? LOL. I love this salad bar since they have everything I need for my salad. Since I'm making it, I can choose all my favorite toppings and drench my salad with ranch dressing. I love their creamy pasta salad and their premade broccoli nut salad they have in the salad bar. I don't know the names of both but I always get both.They have a variety of soups which I like to sample at least two or three of them. They have pizza, bread, mac-n-cheese, & baked potato. It's your standard buffet food. Also, like their strawberry lemonade.To finish off my "healthy" meals, I end my meal with soft serve ice cream in their kid size cones.
4	I don't have a general complain aside from the fact that there are often dirty tables. The staff is always friendly and the food is satisfying.
3	SALAD BAR!!!!!My carnivore soul might have been burning when I walked through those doors, but, an all I can eat salad bar, c'mon now!I was thrilled to find a place like this as they're nearly extinct in Minnesota (except for some lunch places downtown, and Qcumbers I believe). The process was a bit confusing at first. I stepped in, and BAM, salad bar right there, no explanation of what to do, which was kind of strange. So, just grabbed a tray and some plates and went at it like a mad man.Prepared salads, very good. The broccoli salad was a nice, prepared caesar salad was solid. The ingredients were fresh and a work was always changing things out, which was great to see. I did have a slight concern for the eggs. I'm not sure if it was just the prep method of what looked like grinded together, but, getting them onto the plate was like dropping a ball of mashed up, clingy tofu onto the plate. I'm thinking it was just because they weren't sliced, but, ground together... which was odd to say the least.I grabbed a couple of the muffins, because, how could a man pass up a muffin? Blueberry was VERY good. Apple Cinnamon, totally forgettable. Flavor was a mix between cinnamon and baking powder. So, skip that.Soups... blah. Tasteless. The chicken noodle was extremely blah. Others, nothing worth even noting, even the Thai Shrimp & Udon Noodle was a total miss and tasteless. Didn't go for the pastas or baked taters, wasn't feeling the starches. My last comment, because I'm a meat eating monster, very little protein options available for the salads. Some eggs and cheeses, and that's about it (soy beans maybe too, can't remember totally). But, I ended up taking some boiled chicken from the chicken noodle soup and throwing it in the salad, tossing with the red wine vinaigrette and enjoying it that way. Will that stop me from going back or wrecking a few plates of greens next time? Heck no!
5	First time ever at Sweet Tomatoes and it hit the spot! Instead of going to some fast food joint, decided to try out some salads and fresh soups! The prices are affordable, the food is fresh, and I love the music choice. I kept singing along to every song as I was choosing my soup. And the staff were all so friendly and helpful, they all had smiles whenever I asked them a question :)Definitely coming back!
5	I really didn't know what to expect when I walked in. I thought it would just be a salad bar and that's it but they have so much more than salad here! The breads, soups and the dessert section is to die for. The coffee is great too! The service is amazing, everyone is very helpful and very friendly and the restaurant is kept very clean. There are so many options to make your own salad and so many yummy dressings to put on top. I had an amazing first experience here and I'm definitely coming back for more!!
4	best place to eat salad and soup i eat here from time to time...everything is fresh...
3	I love Sweet Tomatoes! It's such an awesome place. You get unlimited soup and salad and pasta for one low price. Sign up for their e-mails so that they'll send you weekly e-mails on discounted prices for their food. I really do like their cheesy bread and garlic bread. I really wanted to go recently for their chicken pot pie soup which actually did come with a biscuit. The soup was delicious except for those stupid peas. (sidenote, I HATE peas). Their pastas are never anything special. I feel like they have no flavor. I do wish they had the rosemary potato soup year round, though. I grab a ton of their wonton happiness salad. I think they used to add chicken to it, and they no longer do. I wish they would add wonton strips to their regular toppings. I do love their feta cheese, so I pile that on! One complaint is that after soups and salad, I always feel pretty quickly. But that's not their fault.
3	I used to go very regularly to this place. I like the freshness and the service. They used to do themed months and now I went only 2-3 times this year, because I just got bored. Now is every time the same. The salads at the beginning of the line are ok, but nothing spectacular as it used to be. If they bring new soups, new muffins, new selection and overhaul the assortment once a year I would be back as I used to - every week.
4	I love this place.  I didn't think I would but I love their soups... since I am a soup fan lol.  I wouldn't say this is the best quality food but if you like soup like me you should come here, they have a variety of soups to choose from.  Happy yelping xoxoxo
4	This is the place you go to indulge and leave with no regrets.  I mean really, for just a little under $10, you are thrown into an all you can eat salad, soup and starch bar!  Not to mention, its damn good!  You have your "Classic items" which are always going to be served... and then every month they have specials.  I noticed that with the specials, they like to theme them accoding to seasons. It's a great concept, it keeps you anticipating new items each month! My personal favorite is the summer specials! They like to incorporate a lot of fruit.  I especially love their strawberry butter and strawberry muffins. mmm! Their classic Chicken noodle soup and Chicken Thai Salad are also very good!  Its a fun place to bring your family and friends!
5	Amazing buffet! Even though it's just soup and salad it's excellent. Good for a nice healthy meal. Get the coupons online and you can save a lot of money.Chicken noodle soup is here is excellent.
3	I really like the concept behind Sweet Tomatoes: salad buffet!  It's a fun way to get your greens when you're out and about.  In addition to salad, you can supplement your veggies with soup, pastas, and desserts (think homey cobblers, brownie bites, and muffins).  Sweet Tomatoes is definitely "cafeteria casual" and its clientele is compromised of young families, vegetarians, and seniors (my observation on several visits).  While I appreciate the freshness of the produce and prepared foods -- turnover seems to be very quick -- I think that the price is a little high for what you get (about $12 for one adult dinner without drink), especially since there are hardly any protein options (beans in the salad area, cheese in some of the pastas, and chicken in the chicken noodle soup consist of all the protein offerings).  However, for my pickier friends who just can't decide on anything and who want to eat healthier, I'll typically suggest Sweet Tomatoes.
2	We just left. I usually have great experiences eating at the location in Temecula, CA. This NV, rainbow location with 2 stars because we were never greated by manager or cashier as we paid with our prepaid vouchers. The cashier never gave us a receipt and noticed in the screen inputting 1 guest while we had 3 in our party. Is that the reason we never got our receipt because she may have kept the other two vouchers. While on vacation i chose to eat at this location because it was new. For some reason the food was not as tasty as usual ; (. On a thankful note, our tables were cleared of our dirty dishes.
