3	The room I got was comfortable enough and had the basic amenities that one might look for in a decent hotel. My only complaints were:1. The carpeting of the room wasn't the cleanest. After walking around barefoot for a short while, the soles of my feet were rather dirty.2. Entrace to the guest rooms requires a bit of a trek to the back of the casino, and it took me a few trips in and out to not get lost.Otherwise, I had a nice 2-night stay. There was a lot of construction in the parking lot, but it looks they are expanding. There's easy access to  Lake Mead Parkway, there are plenty of stores and restaurants not too far away. There's also complimentary coffee in the room, which actually wasn't as bad as I expected.
3	The Fiesta Henderson is not a bad hotel, but its not a great hotel, either. The rooms are reasonably priced, and decently appointed. They are located a little far from the casino itself, however.Room service was crappy, and it took forever to arrive. The bar downstairs in the casino, however, had $2 Coronas, and that was quite awesome. Also, the little Chinese diner type place next to the bar provided some seriously good grub at a good price.
3	Here is another local casino that we gamble at and of course don't stay at either.  When we go here, it''s either food or gambling.  I like the slots here (I don't know if it's looser than others) and the tables aren't bad.  Their Festival Buffet isn't bad either.
4	I never actually stayed here (room).  The review is of their buffet.  I simply loved it.  It was cheap, the food was good and there was plenty of it.  Feeling a little mexican food they got it, American yup, Asian, yup seafood, salad, desert all covered.  The best for me was making my tacos and then doing the mashed potato with chicken thing.  Then when I know my family is still going to sit around and talk, I hit the Crawfish.  This place got me hooked on Crawfish.  I had bout two or three plates full of these cajun wonders.  Good food, good price.  four stars
2	So, this hotel is located in what seems like the edge of nowhere. It is literally where the 215 ends. There is not alot to do near the hotel, unless you are into rock collecting. There is a brand new Target up the street. We wandered out to the Water District area of Henderson which should be renamed the Water Street Ghetto District for the tattooed and toothless. Ghettoriffic!The hotel was OK. It is very basic and mostly clean. The pool is small and nothing special. They were full for the 4th of July and ran out of bed pillows...long story and I will spare you all the details of my phone conversation with the Hotel manager who eventually, personally, unearthed the last pillow in the hotel for me. The buffet was decent, and for the $7.99 ($6.99 if you join the slot club) price quite a good deal. As a hotel guest you get to stand in the VIP line and avoid the wait, which can be pretty long.Overall, if you must stay in Henderson and don't want to pay the higher rates at the Green Valley or Marriott, I guess the Fiesta will do.
3	This hotel is for folks on a budget looking for a room with the basics. It served its purpose for our trip and would recommend it to someone who isn't looking for all the bells and whistles. I saw pizza, subway and fatburger plus movie theater, bars and lots of slot machines. Didn't do much in the hotel besides sleep. Fatburger tasted horrible and took forever.
3	The Regal Cinemas (12 screens) opened 12-Oct-2007 . For regal cinemas (the largest circuit in the US), this was their first all digital projection theatre and includes 3D movies. It provides serious competition with the aging Cinedome theaters less than 3 miles away.==========The fact that there is a hotel at all in these locals casinos (224 guest rooms and suites) has more to do with the zoning laws that won't let them open casinos without a hotel. These casinos are about cheap food, entertainment and the 1655 slot machines, 25 table games and 5 poker tables, plus race and sports book.--------------------This Fiesta is in much better shape than the Fiesta on Rancho RD
2	Hahahaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa This hotel was like a bad Seinfeld episode. Mind you I am a the stereotypical New York type Jew, therefore, walking into a hotel/casino that seemed to house the American Hick convention, i already felt really out of place. Toothless wonders zombie-ishly playing slot machines for all eternity, the buffet lines of the same people who kept getting bigger as hours passed..I had to stay here because I was going to see Vegoose (music festival) and I chose this place due to convenience and location. It is by NO means a nice hotel, though this wasn't what I was expecting. There is a pretty large casino though, randomly with a fast food court and movie theatre. It is 20 mins from the strip in a car though, and walking around the hotel at night gave me the heeby geebies. I would never stay here again. oh HELL no.
3	Pros:  Desserts are muy delicioso!  (most buffet desserts taste like cardboard).Cons:  you have to ask the lady for the dessert you want.  Yes, I want the Boston creme pie AND a brownie AND the red velvet cupcake please.Con #2: our 30 minute wait to be seated AFTER we paid.   This place is seriously understaffed.  Verdict: for a buffet, decent food, shockingly good desserts, horrible wait=not worth $10.99.
3	Good buffet.  Popular place for locals. Decent selection of games.
3	I stopped by here on my way out to go ATVing in the desert because I knew casino's usually keep their bathrooms nice and clean.  I also stopped here because we had some time to kill so I sat at their $3 BJ table and played for a good half hour and I even won $55 bucks!  This was a good "pit stop" for me!
1	Over all the food is crap. They don't have a lot of food. The food is cold and not the best taste. The chefs don't do much because I came and had no egg rolls left and still no egg rolls. So over all I did not like the place and don't reccomend it The Rio buffet Is much better.
1	Went here with some fiends we were desperate looking for a place to stay and decided to go here.  Wasn't bad but the security ket harrassing me the whole time which was a really big turn off.  Never been harrassed by a security guard in my entire life and I have been to every hotel in Vegas.  This white dork with glasses was just really bored and had drank way to much coffee or taken too much speed and would not leave us alone.  I fianlly had to complain to the front desk.  The guy even asked me what room i was staying in.  First he goes you can't walk around with your shirt un buttoned then we went to the pool at like 8pm and hes like the pools closed get out now and was totall dick about it, then he tried to follow us to our rooms, CREEEEPO!!!! dont go ehre the security is on tweek or something complete freaks sorry fiesta but you suuuuck!
5	i am only reviewing the buffet. Mostly because i do not frequent buffets, and in the past when i have i was fairly disgusted. HOWEVER, this was amaaaazing enough to go back to a couple days later. for 6.99 dinner buffet i couldnt stay there long enough. Everything was amazing, including the made to order mongolian section.
1	Totally got bedbug bites from sleeping in my hotel room bed. How fucking terrible. Casino doesnt have a poker room.ATM costs like 3.75 to pull money out.Place is pretty terrible.
3	This review is for the casino only. I have never stayed here in the hotel.  My bf and I live in GV/Whitney Ranch Henderson area so this place is farther than Sunset Station but decided to ck out the TCU game here this past weekend. @ Fiesta casinos its $1/beer $1/dogs so.. yeah its a no brainer if you're there to watch the football games. Last time we came here it was only bud and Budlight but this time it was Bud, budlight lime, and Michelob Ultra. Hell yeah. .. The waitress in the sportsbook hooked us up, no problems. but since all the tables were full we walked over to one of the bar areas near the "tables". this batrender (female) cards me. I was like what the hell? I didnt even order anything AND i was already drinking. How are you going to card me if I didtn ask you for a drink and I have one in hand. Being that I'm 30 yrs old pushing 31 in 2 months - I'll take that as a compliment with that glass half full attitude. But it pissed me off. I was like I'm not ordering anything from this chick much less tipping her. I was out.We went bk to the sports book and listened to this guy talking mad trash about all TEXAS teams. I'm from TEXAS so this was hours of fun pissing him off since TCU won over Wisconsin. Haha! he never said he hated TCU, but ALL TEXAS TEAMS in general. thats pretty broad and pretty fun since in TX Football is a religion. loser. but we met some very nice bartenders at the other bar who nicely gave me some tomato juice for my beer which is oh so delicious but also enabled me to drink way more than I anticipated doing that night. But it was so much fun. We met some other locals who werent TX fans either but they were nice and was glad I dont live in CA anymore b/c people are much nicer here than in San Diego. I'd def. come back here to hang with the locals. notice i said drink... not eat. see review of Amigo's .....
5	After a long day driving in the wrong direction and a longer day driving to our final destination, I can say I was not planning on much from the $20.86 room awaiting me at the Fiesta Henderson Hotel & Casino, however I was mistaken. This is by no means a luxury hotel, but for the price, it was fantastic. This was a room well worth $60-70, with plenty of amenities and the staff was really nice. There was a $10 "resort fee" when we got there, but racked it up to what we would pay for wifi anywhere else. All in all, we spent about $30 and were thrilled, and stayed several hours later than we expected. If you are expecting a clean hotel, friendly staff, and no bells or whistles, the Fiesta is for you.
1	My corporate HQ booked a room for over night business trip. This was bad news from jump. The hotel entrance was behind the building and not well marked. Check in was a disaster. Between the resort fee, security deposit and incidental deposit the room was an additional $165 they wanted to charge to my personal card. I refused to pay for it and started to walk out. They quickly waved all but the resort fee which was billed to the corporate account. I should have kept walking. I was to have a non smoking room with a king size bed. The elevator, hallway and room smelled like an ashtray. I will agree never walk around barefoot in these rooms. The shower tub was straight out of a motel 6. It had a queen size bed that was short sheeted. It didn't have a fitted sheet. The foot of the bed wasn't covered with a sheet so my feet were on the mattress cover. Just nasty. I slept diagonally to keep my feet off the mattress. Next morning I checked out without exploring anything else there. I had our corporate travel planner put this dive on the banned list and would suggest that everyone else do the same.
3	Fiesta Henderson is a perfect example of getting what one pays for. It's an older hotel & casino, with very few bells and whistles but it gets the job done for people that need an inexpensive place to sleep and shower while in Las Vegas. Fiesta is part of the Station Casino chain, which recently started the 'We Love Locals' program, so every week they offer a different deal for me to take advantage... Since I live in Henderson, when out of town visitors ask me what inexpensive hotel they should stay at that is near me, I recommend Fiesta. Yes, they have a resort fee. MOST Vegas hotel and casinos do these days. Even with the resort fees, rooms here are very inexpensive. My mother in law recently stayed at Fiesta and I was with her when she checked it. The employee that helped her was pleasant, even when my MIL questioned the resort fees. She also gave my MIL a sheet with coupons she could use for free slot play, and then when she was sitting at a nearby machine another employee stopped to make sure she was doing everything correctly to get her free play. A month later, my mom stayed here for a long weekend. She checked in without me but every time I went to Fiesta to meet up with her, employees were saying hello and telling me to have a nice visit. Employees here are very friendly and helpful, and not in the 'I am just doing this because it is my job' kind of way. The rooms are basic but they get the job done. I noticed housekeeping putting newspapers outside every room when I was there on Saturday morning, apparently this is one of the things that the resort fee pays for but unlike some Strip casinos they actually bring it to you, which I thought was nice. There is a small pool and spa to relax in, a cheap buffet and a movie theater. Both my mother and mother-in-law were happy with their stays at Fiesta. And if a place can make both of them happy, it makes me happy. If you visiting the Henderson area and just need an inexpensive place to sleep that is ran by friendly employees, Fiesta will get the job done. Don't go into it expecting a 5 star experience and you shouldn't be disappointed...
2	Once I was brought to my table, I sat for a couple minutes to order my drink before I started the smorgasbord. Nothing. So, I went to fill up my plate. I returned to the table with a hot plate, and wait again for a server. Meanwhile, food is cooling down. To avoid neglecting myself from a hot meal, I began to eat. But wait, I need tabasco. Apparently, the lady seated behind me needed service also, but she decided to walk up to a service station and get her own tabasco sauce. It wasn't until I went to do the same when the server finally came to ask if I wanted a drink. The elderly couple tried to flag down that server 2 times before they were able to get service as well. So, minus 2 stars for bad service.Cheese tortellini was awful. The orange chicken was mostly just orange tempura batter. The only things that had any flavor was the breakfast sausage links, corned beef hash, and the sugar cone that holstered my yogurt, all of which takes minimal attention from anyone. Minus one more star. The fact that they didn't burn the precooked hash, or undercook the links, or put out crushed cones was why they gotten any stars at all.Pay attention people- if you were running an airport, nevermind. Bad example. That's it. Bad example for a buffet.
5	Price is great, love the fact kids and dogs are welcomed.  I do not like the buffet serving the same thing daily.  I love the ice cream machine with toppings.  Staff is great, clean, and relaxing.
1	Worst hotel experience ever.  Day 1,I checked in and asked the girl at the front desk where would be a good place to go dancing.  She said, "I don't know.  We don't have that here." When I got to my room I called down to the front desk, " can I have a lightbulb it's dark in here and the lights don't work?  Oh no, I'm late!  No, the time on the clock is 45 minutes fast I guess I'll set it myself.. at least the numbers on the clock were dimmly lighting the room.  Day 2,  can I please have batteries for the remote?  Day 3, I used the 2 oz of shampoo you provided on day 1 and 2,  Is it too much to ask to get another 2 oz  since I'm staying 5 days?   Oh, and the 2 plastic drinking cups have been used and thrown away.  Can I have a cup so I don't have to suck water from the sink?  Day 4, no hot water which means no shower and no food because the restaurants can't open without hot water.  I skipped day 5 and stayed with a friend.  Maybe they should advertise as a camping casino.  Bring your own everything.
1	We stayed 2 nights. While this is an older hotel, it seemed to be clean. Upon arriving to our room I checked the bed & surrounding areas for bed bugs as I have heard the stories about hotel rooms. I didn't look hard enough or just missed them all together. The first night I was bit 4 times on my chest and the second night 9 times on my back. Had I realized they were bed bug bites after the first night I would have left. After being home for almost a week I have had no further bites and hope we didn't bring any home with us. While I had no issues with the staff I will never return to this Station property
2	At first it seemed as though the Fiesta hotel might be a great place to stay because of recommendations and the low price, but it is definitely some place I wouldn't stay anytime in the near future unless they changed a few things.* Better service - many of the staff were not accommodating nor friendly* Cleaner rooms/hotel in general - the carpet was filthy and rooms weren't cleaned well* More things for kids to do* Clearer rules and amenities - they say Internet is complimentary in the rooms, but desk staff say it costs a certain amount per day and no room coffee* Better food - actual hotel food wasn't good, but Subways, Villas, Starbucks was good* Cheaper ATM fees - $3.75 is way too expensive to be pulling money out of an ATMOur room wasn't ready when we arrived to check in, but all of our friends who arrived before/around the same time we did had rooms ready. They told us to check a later to see if a room was ready. Another person, who arrived later than us, was given the room we had wanted, which was right across from our friends. They then proceeded to give us the very last room in the hall, but everyone else from our group on that floor was towards the front of the hall. Eventually, they conceded us a room about a quarter of the way from the end of the hall.When another of our friends arrived with her family, they were given rooms on the floor above us. All three of those rooms smelled like cigarette and cigar smoke. The underside of the comforters in our friend's room was dirty; and after getting help from the maid to remove all the linens and spray the room with air freshener, they found the smell tolerable enough for the night. They gave her a different set of rooms on the Seventh Floor when all of us were on the 2nd floor.We were there for an event and needed a space to practice because none of the rooms were large enough to be a suitable dance space. So, another member of the group talked with the desk people and the manager to see if there was some way to get a room or another place to practice. None of them were of any help. They said they couldn't unlock any of the meeting rooms. Luckily, we discovered that the pool area was large enough to practice. On the second day, the pool was closed without any notification prior to our arrival. The only notification we received was a letter from the hotel stating the pool would be closed all day Saturday and that arrived somewhere around 11pm Friday night. It turned out that the pool had been closed for a wedding reception. And since we were using the space to practice, we couldn't practice. A lot of our group had been planning on leaving Sunday, and many of them had young children who had been looking forward to the pool now had nothing to do and most of them left the hotel to find a suitable activity for their children.Our group director tried to get a comp night for us because of the closed pool and the hotel staff's refusal to accommodate our need for a room, but the manager wouldn't give the comp night. Our director was able to get us a $20 food discount per room. But because much our group had planned to check out on Sunday, many of them were not able to take advantage of this.A few of us tried to take advantage of the discount by going to the buffet. However, they told us that in order to split our group of 8 people into three groups we would not be guaranteed tables near each other. So, we had to dish out $30. The food at the buffet ranged from good to okay to bad. A lot of it was dried out, hard as a rock, or covered with too much sauce. Although there is an arcade, a movie theatre, and a pool available to the kids, the arcade was tiny and half of the machines in the arcade were broken and the movie theatre wasn't showing any movies that didn't interest any of the kids and the pool was closed for an entire day. Kids weren't even allowed to stand by the post in front of the reception desk because it was too close to the machines. The entrances to the hotel should not have slot machines 5 feet from the entrance because there is nowhere for kids to wait if they are waiting for their parents to check in.The air conditioner in our room was noisy and the remote to set for auto start/auto off was broken. The seal on the bottom of our tub was almost gone and there were stains on the wall; one of the rooms had a broken ironing board and no iron, which was greatly needed; and, the door of another was not straight and made the door difficult to open.
3	A bit seedy but the drinks are cheap and I won $40.00 bucks!!
4	A shit load of TVs playing all the games and $1 buds and hot dogs during football... SOLD!!!!
3	If you're looking for a non-glitzy casino to hang out at, this is just the place. I've spent countless hours at this establishment to kill time. I had pretty good luck on the Wheel of Fortune machines. I went here for the Bingo games. It's smaller than some other casinos, so it can get stuffy. Free donuts if you go to the earlier games. :) I stayed at the hotel once, and I wouldn't ever go back. I probably paid less than $50 for the room, and it became pretty obvious why it was so cheap. I have a pretty sensitive nose, and one night was enough to deter me from staying there the second night. Nonetheless, it's a fun, quiet casino to gamble your money away. Shoot, you can even show up in your pajamas and no one would bat an eyelash.
4	Based off the reviews, I really thought that I was going to be stepping into a run-down Motel 6 with muddy carpets and broken slot machines. Boy what a pleasant surprise Fiesta turned out to be.First off, you'll be hard pressed to find a cheaper spot in Henderson.  By now you should already be expecting that dreaded $9.99 resort fee.  On the plus side, for $30 bucks you get wifi that's good enough to stream non-HD videos (~1Mb/sec).  Internet...check.On the way up, you'll pass by a decent-sized casino area with a movie theater and eateries like Dennys, Fatburger, and Subway.  Being this far from the strip, It's good to know at least I won't starve to death.  Late night grub...check.I was here on business, however, so I skipped the casino.  I've got a sensitive nose so a non-smoking room was a must.  I am pleased to announce that even with my hound-like schnoz, the hallway passed the sniffer test with flying colors.  Allergies...check.Step inside the room and you have, well, your basic room, which looked lifted out of the early 2000's.  Your basic amenities: one CRT TV roughly 27", 2-3 lamps that provided ample lighting, closet, and a restroom.  The beds were made, the restroom was nicer than I had pictured and came with a blow dryer and towels, and the shower didn't get clogged.  Above all, the room was clean.  Functionality...check.My one complaint: the damn climate control.  It took me a minute or two of fiddling with the high tech central a/c remote before I realized that it wasn't hooked up.  In lieu of it, I discovered a retro wall-mount unit that did the job, perhaps a little too well.  I feel really bad for whoever has to sleep directly next to the blower.  A/C...meh.So at the end of my stay, my overall impression of Fiesta is a positive one.  It provides excellent bang-for-the-buck, not nearly as ghetto as princess-types make it out to be, and seriously, was anybody really expecting the Cosmo?  Hell, you even get this thing called a "news paper" dropped off at your doorstep every morning.  I have yet to figure out what that is, but rumor has it that old timers enjoy doing crossword puzzles on them.Great value, check.
3	There was nothing really great about it.  Just a casino. We stopped in there because on our yelp, it said there was an El Torito in the area.  Well it wasn't in there.  I'm sure you can enjoy yourself here at this casino just like the rest of them around town.    You might even win somethng because it's a local casino!
3	My friend finally graduated from training at work today, so we wanted to celebrate with a coupld of drinks tonight.  Somewhere REALLY close to our house and somewhere REALLY cheap, so we found ourselves at the Fiesta.  The special the run on Fridays are as follows: A beer and a shot for $4.00.  A shot alone is $6.00 so you get a lot more for less. Our bartender's name was Craig. For the price we paid, it was well worth it.  I got drunk and didn't have to worry about breaking the bank.  It's one of the best in old Henderson. Smells like smoke, but with those prices, it's ok.  CLEARLY, I have nothing else to say about that.  We got drunk.  We had a good time and we will be back.
1	On April 23, 2012 we decided to take my daughter here for her 12th birthday.. Big mistake!!!! I still can't stop thinking about how horrible it was. We got there about 6:30 pm... Getting in was ok but if you have more then two people they put you aside and take care of smaller groups first.. The wait was ok but I heard other parties complaining that night about being set aside.. I do have to say our server was awesome .. Thanks RYAN .. However!!!! , the food was HoRRIBLE.. gross, Yuck .. There was no fish.. Except crawfish which you could tell nobody was touching..  Most of it was cold or like the turkey was dry .. I'm so disappointed.. I usually don't write reviews but I thought what a waist of money on food that was so awful. Won't be back here again!!!
5	BINGO!!!!
2	An average hotel that is one step above Motel 6.   They allow pets and we had a room right next to dog room. Dog barked all night on Saturday and part of the day on Sunday.  Later on as I check out I found out our floor was a pet free zone.  No apology or some type of compensation for my lack of sleep due to the fact they did NOT follow up on my complaint from Saturday.  Let's me know they don't care about there customers. The water pressure was 0 so you had to run around in the shower to get wet and rinse off soap.  The shower curtain looked like it came from a dumpster; the 70's furniture and old style TV that covered up the mirror was enough for me not come back on top of the crappy air conditioner.  $12 for a resort fee and $100 deposit was a bit much for a place so poorly ran and bad shape.  We have decided that Flamingo or Bally's will be our next destination for Vegas. The only great part about our stay was that our valet and bell hop was the same person and was a very nice man.  Very attentive and quick to bring our bags to the room.
4	Big, nice, clean rooms that are cheap?  That's exactly what you get at Fiesta Henderson.  We just stayed from Saturday thru Thursday for just a little over $150 for the entire time.  Our room had 2 queen beds, was clean and had plenty of room.  The hotel & casino were nice, not overly fancy but nice.  The staff was very polite and helpful with anything we needed.We ate a few meals at their buffet and one breakfast at the Denny's in the casino.  The buffet was middle of the road quality wise, but very cheap ($3.99 breakfast, $4.99 lunch and $5.99 dinner).  The food was decent, nothing spectacular but it was a decent meal each time.  For the price we paid it is hard to beat.I will recommend this hotel to anyone I know going to Vegas.  It has to be the best bargain I've seen!
2	Need a room for the night?  This isn't a bad place to stay. Super cheap.  Bed was comfortable.  Could have been more cleanly ie random piece of plastic on floor, three inch long hair in tub.  No light bulb in one of the lamps.   Good theater and food establishments.  This place is a mixed bag.Nice pool, but my daughter slipped.  She needed four stitches.  Went to security.  I got a band-aid.  Was surprised that they did not even do a report.
5	Really simply, the Fiesta in Henderson is a great hotel. The staff is very friendly, and the floors are clean. The Rooms: The rooms are (surprise) basic hotel ammenitiy rooms.There's a bed, TV, closet, Iron, etc. There's not a lot of fluff, but then for the price, what would you reasonably expect?The Casino: The casino is clean, and there is (Even at 2am) always at least 1 person walking around and cleaning machines, and picking up after the people who cant be bothered.The Buffet: (Full Disclosure - My Buffet was comped)I had low expectations when I saw the buffet. I figured that it would be a basic run-of-the-mill-get-the-gamblers-fed-and-back-to-the-machines type. I walked and checked the buffet. Salad was crisp and clean, the veggies were vibrant and crisp. There are several stations of the buffet, the most popular being the Mongolian BBQ. There was a line 9 people long, just waiting for their food. I tried it, it was well cooked, and not overly sauced. The dessert section had the standard ice cream dispenser, pies, cakes, etc. What I didn't expect to see there was fruit. It was a nice change. Not just Watermelon, cantelope, and mystery melon. There was kiwi and pineapple, and more.Overall:If you look at the Fiesta as a 2 star hotel (one step above a Super 8), you will be pleasantly surprised. If you look at it from the standpoint of the MGM or Bellaggio, then I fear you will be severely disappointed. The staff is very freindly, and the food worth coming back to, both in quality and price.The rooms and Casino are clean. What more can you expect?
4	This is a great casino. The casinos on the strip are pretty, glitzy and what makes it Vegas, but the casinos off the strip are just as great. In terms of payouts, I'd spend my money here on the slots than on a casino on the strip. The staff here are nice, and even though I was visiting, I was still able to sign up and obtain a club card to accrue points, and I even got a few bucks for the slots just for signing up.The slots here range from really new games to some slots that seems to have been out for a while. There was a genie (as in magic carpets, lanterns, etc.) slot that I really enjoyed, and had a lot of free spins/extra games. This isn't the Wynn, so don't expect the Wynn. It's a fun, friendly and casual/affordable spot (and yes, there is a Subway and Fatburger in the gaming area)! I don't drink alcohol, and thankfully there was a Starbucks so I could fill up on some iced tea. Relax, and just enjoy your time here!
4	Buffet is good. Theater has shows all day for $6
3	Is this the swankiest joint in Las Vegas? No way, but this place does a great job catering to locals, they have great deals, and everyday low prices. The casino is fairly large and doesn't feel cramped. it can get rather smoky at night. But if you are in the neighborhood,  stop in and check it out. What can it hurt? Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	Review for casino only:I've been to the Fiesta Henderson many times, mostly before there were other Station casinos of better quality and nearer to home.  I like their coffee shop and the Mexican place was very good.Unfortunately, now I use the Fiesta as a place to meet up with friends when we go hiking.  You don't know how easy it is to just say, "Meet me under the big Fiesta sign out front."  No one misses that!  Well, there was the time that a friend went to the Fiesta Rancho and totally missed the sign.I stopped here Monday to meet hiking friends and I went in to use the bathroom before leaving on our great hike.One of these days, I'll return to the Fiesta for some food and play and give this place the better review it deserves.
3	If your a local, this may be a okay place to chill. If your in town on business and just need a clean cheap place to crash, this is great. If you are in town on holiday or anything of the likes, do NOT stay here. Its just not a vegas experience at all. I come into town every week on business, I just get here at night, sleep and get up the next morning and head out for work again. Works great for that.
3	It is what it is.  A cheap, convenient casino located well inside the quiet brother of Las Vegas, Henderson.  People coming here being disappointed are simply expecting to much.  It isn't located on the strip for a reason - its a locals hang out.I come here to play the $3 table games (craps, roulette, blackjack), cheap bingo, and live keno.  It's some of the cheapest minimums in town, save for a few really sketchy casino halls.  And its still a station casino, so there is a morsel of standard here.  The drinks are also cheap, or free if you're playing and you can somehow find a cocktail waitress.It's smokey.  It isn't pretty inside.  And some of the bars (Amigos) are staffed by bartenders who can only hope to open a beer without forgetting the recipe. But that being said - it's still a great place to gamble cheap on a late night when driving all the way into Vegas just seems too far.  It's also far larger than any of the other casinos located on this side of Henderson.
4	I have never stayed here before, but my best friend is a platinum player and got the room comped for me as I was passing through my home town of Henderson, on the way back to Denver and I was on a non existent travel budget. I gotta say, other than the crazy long wait at my midnight check-in, everything else was very pleasant!The hotel is pet friendly, which I needed as I was traveling with 2 small dogs, they have bell service which was great because I had to unpack my entire car for this stay, the casino is steps away from the elevator, and there is tons of food options, a theater, and a bowling ally. Growing up, I had frequented the theater, buffet, and other food places quite often and I am so glad that as a guest I was treated well too!
2	The parking, customer service on checkin, and room were excellent for the price. There's nothing fancy, but for $19.99, it's a steal. Everything is clean, in decent repair, and recently remodeled. The pool was OK, but was a bit dirty, and there didn't seem to be any staff on hand to maintain or clean it. The big problem here is the food. The buffet is AWFUL. Even my 3 year old thought so - she normally devours everything we put in front of her, but touched nothing here except her apple (the one item on the buffet not prepared by Fiesta Henderson staff). My wife liked the Macaroni and Cheese, but changed her mind after they replaced the batch and it started to taste like soap. We watched another patron politely inform a member of the staff that they had mislabeled an item with shrimp as being pork, and listened to the chief get extremely defensive and literally start yelling at the customer. There is "full service"; our "service" consisted of a very angry man who seemed quite upset when we asked for chocolate milk for our daughter; "No, we have REGULAR milk!". He then got our drinks, and never stopped at the table or refilled anything after. My daughter was thirsty; it was odd telling her she had to wait until we got back to the hotel room for a drink of water. Meanwhile, I was scratching my head, trying to figure out why the "international" section of the buffet consisted of crawfish, chili mac, and cornbread, and yams (and no, they didn't mix it up with the American section). I had several concerns about the sanitation and temperature of the food there, too. Several items I tried to sample were so old and dry they were nearly inedible. Many items were never replaced, checked, or measured for temperature, as far as I could tell. I have no idea of their standards or the laws here, so I can't accuse them of doing anything illegal, but their negligence ceraintly showed in the abysmal quality of the food. We were there on a slow Monday night, and other reviewers have said the buffet was 'great', so maybe they only bring out their "A" game on certain days.We did breakfast at the Fiesta Cafe and it was slightly better. To her credit, the waitress even went the 'extra mile' to create a glass of my daughter's chocolate milk (an apparently tall and difficult order at the Fiesta), though we had to tell her the 'recipe'. The rest of breakfast was decent and acceptable for a budget, short order breakfast, slightly redeeming the Fiesta food experience. If you have to eat at the Fiesta, go to the Cafe.You might think that the "great hotel, horrible food" means you should stay here and just eat elsewhere. The problem is, this hotel is so far (20+ minutes) from the main part of Las Vegas, and going to any of the more well known buffets or food options is impractical. Bottom line: spend the $20 more to upgrade to a substantially better experience on the strip, and spend the money on an infinitely better buffet.
1	I was passing thru and saw a special on hotels.com. Hotel is very dingy! I felt so disgusted that I slept in my clothes and made an early exit. Never again!!
4	I stayed here based on the positive reviews and wasn't disappointed. It is a good place to stay overall. The food at the amigos cafe was excellent. The buffet was... A buffet. Lots of food for cheap. The rooms are adequate, but cause I didn't book far enough in advance, I feel like this trip I overpaid for the room. I'm not a big fan of casinos, and this one, like many others I have visited, took my money happily while giving minor amounts of satisfaction.
4	Fiesta Henderson is actually a nice locals casino. For those living in the vicinity it provides gaming, food options (restaurants and a food court), as well as a movie theater. The great thing about the movie theater is their Tuesday special which is $7 for a movie ticket all day (even into the night). This is a great deal to take advantage of.The casino is on the outskirts of Henderson, nestled off the 1-15 on Lake Mead Parkway. It is quite clean, does not smell like smoke very much, and although it is not big, it's a decent size. The casino is meant for locals, not for a wow factor, so you get what your come for.Inside there is a center casino bar, which I partook of and was pleasantly surprised to get a Shock Top draft for $3.50. What? Let's drink here all the time!
3	Busy locals Hotel/casino on Lake Mead Bl. in Henderson, motorcycle ride close to both the Lake, River and Valley of Fire State Park.  Hotel rooms are a bit worn out and need a redo.  They do have LCD TV's but they are on stands and not comfortable to watch while you're in bed. The accoutrements and bathrooms have the bare basic essentials.  Nothing to write home about.  Casino is just OK. Good video poker but for craps players, there's only one dice table. This is NOT a destination location for out-of-towners.
3	It's an ok casino.  However it is not on the strip, so it will be quieter. Generally will see more locals than tourists here.  Always have seen friendly staff, and food has been good.
3	Stayed here for my cousins wedding since it was 5 mins away from the chruch.  Overall the casion is huge, the overall place doesnt smell of smoke too much which is nice.  The staff is nice and answered every question I had.  I personally didnt have too much luck with the slots, however my family did pretty good espeically with the video poker.  One thing I really liked about this hotel was the food selection, they had soo much plus they had a movie theater inside which was pretty cool as well.  The one thing that really turned me off is when I was in my hotel room I saw a bug, and it wasnt just a spider it was huge, although I was super scared I think I killed it.  Throughout the night I couldnt sleep that well cause I kept thinking about the bug.  Anywho overall stay was good besides the bug problem I would say if you want a cheap hotel, away from the busy strip I would stay here! Oh another plus they have $1 margertias everday!!!
3	Both Fuego steakhouse and amigos cantina give great service and good food.  Trying out all the station casinos accommodations and for 50 bucks a night it wasn't amazing but it wasn't bad either.   The walls are thin so  be careful not to be too nosy but all in all... Great stay!
1	Bleh!!!!!!  The casino is fine.  The ROOM was a complete disappointment.  To start, the up/down button on the wall to get the elevator was punched in (the whole wall plate).  Our room stunk like dirty feet.  The room was SPARSELY decorated. Cheap, cheap, CHEAP!  While in the shower, the tub didn't drain and the surrounding wall was peeling and gross!  While brushing my teeth, the sink didn't drain.  Definitely WOULD NOT recommend this place.
2	The Festival Buffet used to be our "go to" buffet. In the past nearly 3 years since we have returned to Henderson, the buffet has gone down hill. First, the desert island was banished. A special section for "Chairman" account holders was installed.On the food: the oriental counter has very little selection, the same can be said for the Italian and Mexican counters. On the Italian section, only the pizza remains a constant.On the bakery: the best ever sticky rolls are GONE. The rest of the bakery items are good, but just try to find butter. I had to ask to find butter, it is relegated to the 'condiment island' - no cut up sticks (hard frozen and impossible to spread). Where are the individual cups with a selection: whipped, margarine, real butter?On the Roast Beef: Like many of the advertised Roast Beef on billboards and TV, the puny cuts given are a far cry from those pictured to lure you in...We go to the buffet when we get FREE offers, but no when we have to pay full price!
2	Went to the cafe this morning as i didnt feel like paying starbucks $2.30 for a sml reg coffee to take to my coffeeless room iv'e been staying in for a week, as i was by myself they asked if i wanted to sit at the snack bar, at 9am i didnt feel like sitting in an uncomfortable seat at bar, asked for a booth since i saw at least eight available and was told i would have to wait 10-15  minutes!  ...., old trick to get u to gamble while u wait, i wet and complained to front desk who called mgr eventually se young girl showed up and stated that they had had a large party?  and led me back to restaurant and snack bar after i had already explained situation to her... she went in back with the hostess who i spoke with earlier. Having lost my appetite and now extremely upset having been discriminated against for being a single woman... I left.  Shall no longer stay here or use their restaurant, it wasn't very good anyhow.
1	I'll admit that I hadn't been to the buffet here for several months. It has gone down hill so much I doubt that I'll be back again anytime soon. It used to be a really good buffet, but not any more. The new ownership has taken this once good buffet to the outhouse.  I guess that I'll have to find someplace else to eat on Thanksgiving if I am in town.The food selection has diminished and was mediocre at best. The cutting board was terrible and the sausage was unedible! Someone should tell them that the garlic mashed potatoes are actually supposed to be mashed. I have to say that the brussel sprouts (yes, I love them) were actually cooked just right. Once they had what I thought was the best desert island of any locals casino in the area, NOT NOW! The selection is poor and the once to die for sticky buns are GONE! WTF Stations?The service was good but I hate eating when a lot of the tables around me are still full of dirty dishes !
4	I booked here for a quick two night vacation to visit my son in Vegas.  This has been our long time go-to place for the buffet, so I figured what the hell?  I booked Sunday and Monday nights.Check in was a breeze.  The lady that helped me was very night and checked us right in and sent us on our way.The room is pretty basic.  Web got a non-smoking two queen bed room.  My husband and I slept in one bed, and my daughter slept in the other bed.  It was cozy.  The room over all was what we needed.  The amenities are very basic in the bathroom, but we always bring out own stuff anyway.  They did have a blow dryer.We went to the movie theater, which we have been to a couple of times before.  My first question for them was weather we would be able to bring Starbucks in to the movies since they are literally next door.  They said sure!  That was awesome!  I also paid for our movies, and then realized I forgot to show my military ID.  I went back to the counter, and they were more than happy to refund me my discount.  I thought that was very nice of them.Later that night we sat at the casino bar and played some games.  The two bartenders that served us were both great.  They had awesome senses of humor, and kept the drinks coming.  In several instances, we didn't even have to ask.  I played Caveman Keno, and my husband played Blackjack.  My daughter and I also took a little break and got food from the food court.  She had the pizza place, and I had Fatburger.  Both were awesome!  All in all it was fun!We didn't end up staying the second night  because something came up, so we checked out and left.  We didn't even make it to the buffet! haha!  I would definitely stay here again.  The rate is very reasonable, as is the resort fee.
2	I came to stay at the Fiesta Henderson on short notice. I picked it because I has stayed at Boulder Station and it was nice. Fiesta Henderson (a Station Hotel) was not so nice. The nicest part of the hotel is the rooms. They looked nice and were pretty comfortable, if you don't mind dust that it. There was dust on the lampshade, mirrors, tv, etc. I thank Hotel Impossible for teaching me what to look for. Next, we had to eat....Man, you wanna try a Vegas area buffet that sucks. Try this one. It was like middle school cafeteria food. Next, we went to the Fiesta Cafe (used to be Dennys), and that food was also bad. The breakfast food was pretty good. Dinner was not, service was also slow, and they hound you to get a players card every time...Clearly maintenence issues all around that as a customer I could see. Positives: wifi was not working and i called down to the front desk and got great assistance right away.  Pool was nice. Overall, if I had to I would stay there again. Its not baaaad (except for the food), but it wasn't up to par.
1	Bad service ran us right out the door in a few quick minutes.  It was Sunday evening at the (Coco Loco)? bar right inside the front door.  Yes, I am pointing fingers at the late-forty-something barman who was so off-putting that we had to halt our Sunday Funday 'Fiesta' and find another place to game.   He had the complete power to either a: be nice, have fun, and make some $$ off of the 4 of us or b:  be one of those shitty bartenders who is likely burnt out, hates his life, and is happy to make minimal tips.  We all know which one he chose.We never got to know whether or not we liked the actual casino.  He soured us to the point that we simply carried on elsewhere.
4	I only got a chance to check out the casino portion of this property one time several years back, while I was visiting Green Valley Ranch just down the road.A bit smaller than some of the other Station properties, but the overall layout was very similar.The only reason I can't give it a five star rating is because at the time, they seemed to require having a separate, property-specific player's card, despite the fact that it's in the Station chain.
3	Fiesta is just okay. And when I mean okay, I'm not necessarily sending my out of town friends/family to Fiesta for the Las Vegas experience.  Really not much at this casino.  It's small, it's very smokey, and there's really not much to eat here. But they have slots and everyone loves slots.  Everybody that gambles, that is. I haven't done much gambling or even eating here, but have started to frequent this place strictly for their sports book.  I'm at this side of town almost weekly and find that Fiesta is one of the more convenient locations to place a quick football wager.  Parking is easy and the casino usually isn't busy.  There...The End.YELP PERSONAL CHALLENGE 2013 - (477/500)
4	I have stayed here a few times, the most recent being in May of this year. The Fiesta is a very nice, large hotel. They have a TON of slots and tables, a good assortment of restaurants, as well as tons of shops. We checked into the hotel early afternoon, then hit one of the restaurants. We had an event to go to in the early evening, so we had some spare time to play a few slots. Upon our return to the hotel, we ate at the burger place, which was pretty delicious. Then we continued our gambling, into the early morning. Before we knew it, it was almost 3 am, which is when we decided to hit the hay. We ended up not loosing too much, but still had a ton of fun. The beds were very comfy, and the room was clean. I would defiantly stay here again.
2	Smokey, inattentive staff with poor restaruants. The movie theater, and the starbucks are the only thing that is saving this place for me...
5	Great place to play and eat
4	This was our first visit to the hotel and we were nothing but pleased. The hotel staff is extremely friendly and the room was well furnished and clean. Very convenient as we were not here for the strip experience but rather visiting family/friends that reside in Boulder City. The hotel parking lot is huge, always spots available and easy to navigate around. Starbucks, Subway, a buffet, and a Denny's like Cafe Fiesta are all downstairs. And not to mention a Regal theaters? We had an absolute wonderful visit, and the price was affordable. Definitely recommend, and would stay here again.
3	We stayed here for one night on our way through Nevada. It was not the cleanest hotel, and the walls are paper thin!!! After checking in and checking out the casino, we drove 20 minutes to the strip- we both agreed we wishes we had stayed right on the strip! Returning back to fiesta was hard, and we realized how smokey and stinky it was.... The buffet was good tho, everything & really cheap $9.72 each for brunch & dinner with players card.
1	First of all, the buffet is so gross and everything looks awful. The service is horrible and the food looks like it has been sitting out all day. I hardly ate much and just sipped on my drink. When I went the restroom, I saw 3 employees go the restroom and then leave. Then worked in the buffet and how gross. They didn't wash their hands that is so nasty. You don't even realize how much I wanted to throw up after seeing that. This casino is very sketchy and I would not let anybody come here. Save your self the trouble and go to Green Valley so much better than this horrible disaster.
3	This place certainly isn't fancy and I think you'll realize that without reading this review.  But, the people are friendly, and it has a couple of amenities worth mentioning that make it a very solid, and affordable, place to stay in Henderson.  The first is the movie theatre.  It's located near the food court, and away from the majority of the casino.  Additionally, it is close to the entrance near the sportsbook, so you don't have to walk through a ton of smoke to get to the entrance.  I'm not saying you won't experience smoke at all, but it's certainly a much shorter walk from the parking lot to the theatre than you experience at a lot of locals casinos.The second amenity specifically worth mentioning is Fuego steakhouse.  This place is a FANTASTIC value.  Great old school dining room, excellent service, and the prices are great.  I had a better ribeye here for $34 than I've had at fancy joints on the strip for $20 more.  If you are a beef person and stay at the Fiesta, a dinner at Fuego is a must.  For a much cheaper price than a lot of its competitors, you can get a clean hotel, near the highway, with a decent sized casino and above average steakhouse.  That's a pretty solid proposition if you ask me.
1	I have stayed here many times over the years, however I think I'm finished.  The hotel is decently priced and in good condition, and the casino is good and has a couple nice restaurants.  However the last three times I had stayed there, I have not been able to get a good night sleep for various reasons.  The time before last there was a sports team from out of town staying on my same floor, and there were kids running around the early hours a morning including small unattended children screaming.  Even that would not be a dealbreaker, because we all know kids will be kids. However the final straw was this past New Year's eve week when I stayed here from the 30th to the 1st.  I was awakened at 8 o'clock in the morning on New Year's Eve day by the sound of a very loud power drill in the room right next door.  Turns out there was a plumber over there snaking out a drain line.  I was not mad at him, he was just doing his job. However I was mad at whoever sent him over there at 8 o'clock in the morning on a holiday week.  As a business owner, I get very busy with my company and like to sleep in a little bit when I'm out of town. This was not to be. So I think next time I will stay elsewhere.
3	The newest Fiesta property, since this was formerly the Reserve casino (fun jungle theme). A smaller property in Henderson, located right off the 95 freewaybut then again, there are not many large casinos on this side of town with the exception of Sunset Station and Green Valley Ranch casino. Here's a list of Pros:-least smoky in henderson because the smaller ones nearby are very old, in comparison-newer garage on the side of the casino- lots of parking now -movie theater, nice addition to the property- pretty big, too-cafe is pretty good, but better than the buffet, which is alright (it's better for brunch)If you want something better, I'd recommend driving to the M Resort, a large, but beautiful property with a better buffet, floral-scented lobby, and a reasonable gelato place.
4	The only reason to come to the Fiesta is for the cheap table games. If you like Pai Gow, this is one of, if not THE, only casino in Henderson with $5 Pai Gow.  Don't quote me on that, but I've never seen it anywhere else.$5 Blackjack as well.Bonus: dealers here are learning so they screw up a lot and pay you out when you don't deserve it.
5	Love Bingo. its my favorite place to play. The dual action should pay $200. and i wish it was a little cheaper but i always pick here to play
3	So I dragged my partner to bingo at the Fiesta Henderson last night and pay back was going for Mexican food. I did not want to go to amigos as the previous times we had been there the service and food were really poor. I was pleasantly surprised, the menu has changed and has many great additions and the service has improved greatly. I am pleased to say this is back on the list of my local hangouts. The Carnitas were delicious.
2	The food at the buffet was uh, passable.. The gal that insisted we get a players card was sweet, and the attendant came to us, so that was really cool. Again I wish the food had been better. Not sure I will have a reason to come back..
1	I came here from Reno for a competition when I got here I thought the outside looked very nice. When you first walk on it looks okay. But after getting to the elevator and in the room is where it all went down hill. As soon as you open the door you get a smell like a bad apple car air freshener. Which made me instantly feel sick to my stomach. (The smell is lingering too. I've been in here for over two hours and it still smells awful) the room had two queen beds that looked a little bent up. My beds blanket had a nice little white stain on the top so I quickly found a cleaner lady and got a new one. Then after that was done I decided to connect to the wifi that we played $11 per night for and when it asked my to enter my last name and room number it told me that it couldn't be found! So I called the front desk and asked what was happening. They had no idea. So after dealing with that I just decided to go get some food. They have some nice food selections down on the casino floor (like subway, fat burger, Starbucks, ect.) which is nice. But for paying almost $500 for four days in this place it's really not worth it. It would be nicer and cheaper to just stay at a holiday inn.
2	Paid $136/night for dark, dingy room, old carpet throughout, thread bare linens, a view of a cement wall, no air exchange in the bathrooms ICK. A/C unit worked, thank goodness. Air exchange on casino floor is either sub par or overwhelmed be the number smokers. Food Court was good for our group of teenagers. Property looks like it needs updating in general. Not one complaint about the staff but there are definitely deferred maintenance issues at this property.
1	The worst experience EVER! Mostly the staff at the hotel were really rude - the exceptions were Kathryn at the front desk, Sarah in security and a nice bartender named Kevin. Rude bartenders and rude management! Not only that, someone called my room at 7am posing as the general manager of Fiesta asking for my credit card info... Found out later it was a scam and my card had 2 unauthorized charges listed as "inmate payments" of approximately $400 total.  The manager was very indifferent when I reported it to the front desk and basically said he couldn't do anything about it- I would have to contact security. I asked him if he could have security send someone to talk with us- he did but reluctantly.If I could give 0 stars I would - the rooms were old and dingy with absolutely NO amenities. Terrible - I do not recommend this place to anyone!!! There are nicer places that know what true customer service is- go there instead.
3	Its not glamorous, but it's not sub par either. the casino is alot bigger than you expected and the steakhouse and buffets are well above expectations. The room is generic, but clean. They do charge a resort fee like everyone else but this is one of the few places (Hard Rock, Palace Station also) that includes LONG DISTANCE calls from your room in the resort fee.....ya know in case you lose your cell phone in your drunken stuper.It was a good deal and a nice stay
4	What can I say? I'm cheap!All at the last minute I decided I wanted to do a Staycation on Memorial Day Weekend in Las Vegas. Good luck finding anything, let alone anything for a decent price the day before the weekend right? In comes... Fiesta Henderson!With a room, and two movie tickets, and two passes to the buffet for $119.95 my husband and I were off to our cheap-o hotel fun time. Sure the casino isn't great. The movie theater is, well, a movie theater, and the buffet, eh, the buffet - eh. BUT - you can't beat the price, even if the room was less than spectacular, but at least it was clean!The pool too, was clean, and quiet, save for a few kids in the pool - and, sigh, no bar. But hey, my husband and I just brought champagne and chilled it in our ice bucket in the room, and a 6-pack of beer! We snuck our drinks into the pool hidden in normal old cups, and guess what? No one noticed. Disappointments - the lights in our room were very touchy, and randomly went on and off. And - no room service, so no breakfast in bed! *womp womp*Pros - Great package deal and great discount for military. If you want to do it on the cheap, here's the place to do it!
3	I did not stay at this hotel.  We stopped here for lunch on the Gray Line Deluxe Hoover Dam tour.  My reviews is just for the decor and buffet.This place seems very low budget.  Older and not maintained very well.  Walking into the Fiesta, I got the feel that they place has not been updated since the 70's.  It smelled of damp and cigarettes.  For the price (which was $7 for people just eating there, it was included in my not so Deluxe Gray Line tour), the buffet was fine.  It was fast food and comfort food. . .mac and cheese, pizza, hamburgers, hot dogs---most seemed to be frozen items.  I am giving this place three stars because despite it's flaws, the staff could not have been nicer.  Everyone was very happy and positive.  They made you feel very welcome.
1	For the cheap price, I wasn't expecting to get much from this hotel. We originally had a reservation to stay here for five nights over 4th of July weekend. However, our stay was cut short. Immediately when we arrived at the room, the room was extremely hot, as the AC had been off. We turned on the AC then left for the evening. When we returned around 10pm the room was still very hot and the AC was off again, so we turned it back on and got in bed. About 10 minutes later the AC turned off, with the room still hot. We quickly realized what was happening. Our AC refused to stay on and we were about to suffer through a long night of getting up every 10 minutes to turn the AC back on until we could fall asleep, and then wake up sweating in the morning in our hot room. It was horrible. On top of all that, the AC is VERY loud and the front desk informed us that the hotel was sold out for the weekend, so switching rooms was not a possibility. With 110 degree whether outside, it is unacceptable for a hotel to not have functioning AC. The next night we canceled the rest of our reservation and switched over to the Holiday Inn. I just wish we had gone there first.
1	Fiesta's cafe seems to be getting worse when I consider the last two visits. Took friends here two weeks ago and our greeting from Arianne  (or whatever?) when we were seated was to tell us we'd have a long wait as she looked exasperated and walked away. After 15 minutes she returned with a piss poor attitude and took our orders. The food was pretty much an embarrassment to feed to people we brought here.  She was very snippy and after looking at other reviews and photos I see this must be her normal approach. Today we came by for breakfast and it came out within a couple of minutes but cold & salty hash browns on both our plates prompted us to ask for country potatoes instead to go with our over cooked scrambled eggs. Even worse so I'd have to say don't bother driving here as a local, it's cheap but not even worth eating if it were free!
1	It's just all around bad.  We've stayed here a few times but it is just progressively getting worse and worse.  The air doesn't work, it's beyond dirty and trying to take a shower is a joke. I will NEVER stay here again.
2	We didn't enjoy our stay at the Fiesta very much.  Expedia had a special of some sort for them -- and then delisted them immediately, so I can't even post a review on the site that sold us the "discounted room".  We had been hoping for an airport hotel; in fact the Fiesta is a solid 30 minutes on the highway from the LV airport.  It has a dingy, seedy feeling -- the gaming rooms seem popular and crowded, but there are no reasonable restaurants (e.g. you can get a burger or pizza but nothing "fancy"), and the room was damp, smelled of tobacco despite being a non-smoking room, and had lumpy, soft mattresses that made you sort of shudder thinking of hygiene.  The swimming pool looked nice but my wife and sister in law said that it reeked of chlorine to a point that they didn't want to stay in it for long.So all in all, I recommend giving this one a pass.  It badly needs a significant renovation.PS: I'm not a gamer so ignore this review if you are coming to play the slots or something.  If anything, that side of the place looked very popular.
1	Don't go through Booking.com, they will say they booked you a room, complete with a confirmation number and a "thanks for booking" e.mail, and then, when you show up at the hotel for your room they will say they will not honor the booking because they are booked.Neither Booking.com or Fiesta Henderson will take responsibility for this, both are worthless and don't care about their customers--stay away!!
3	The late night menu at cafe fiesta is decent and priced well. Pancakes though are some of the best I have had! My 5 year old loves the buffet.
1	Their customer service is the absolute dump.  Comment cards are a joke.  Why have them?  They just want to rob you of your money and laugh all the way to the bank.  Senior perks only work when the computers work.  Amateur set up.
2	This place gets an extra star only because it is where I met my significant other.. . otherwise stay away.
5	People are over here complaining about every little thing like they're rating a 5 star hotel or had to pay 5 star prices for that matter! This place was a definite last minute steal for us! We were originally planning to stay in Vegas on or near the strip that night, but visiting with our cousin&family who stayed in Henderson (down the street) making it very convenient for us to drive up the road and stay here. It was about 30 bucks (including tax) so definitely cheap. We got there a bit late (almost midnight) but it was clean and decent. The showers were nice and we definitely had a good night's rest before making our trip to St. George 2 hrs away the next day. While walking the casino, I saw that they had a few fast food stations, a Starbucks (BIG plus), a movie theater, their buffet/BINGO was located upstairs and I thought that was pretty cool to include all the extras. I loved it! Would def stay here again if visiting. =)
2	Staying here for the four day weekend. I didn't expect to get a smoking room when I booked a non smoking because I don't want to wake up smelling like ashtray. Instead, they told me Orbitz gave my assigned room and the Hotel is fully booked. So can I be refunded for my unpleasant night and start this over once I get a non smoking room?! I guess I'll find out in a few here. Overall, this hotel is not bad. They just need to work on giving the customer an update prior to checking in or do it's best not to give my assigned room to another customer..okay!
1	I DO NOT recommend this hotel to anyone. We recently (May 2014) stayed at the fiesta and upon checking out of our room my fiancee reached under his side of the bed to make sure nothing had fallen from the nightstand and was stabbed by a USED HYPODERMIC NEEDLE that someone had left in the room and housekeeping some how failed to notice it laying just a few inches under the bed. Due to the negligence of this hotel my fiancees health and well being has been compromised. I strongly suggest to think twice before booking a room here.
4	I've done a little gambling here and did ok. I like the movie theater, that's pretty much why I go here. $2 bud or bud light and $1 hot dogs is sweet.
1	This place is horrible.  I will never ever ever come back.  Room is like a motel 6: cramp crowded and no AC.  No hot water.  Staff is unhelpful.  The only manager available is a gaming table manager.  Also the room is so smokey it was like smoking a pack a night. Our eyes were burning.
1	angry dealers, nasty tables, not worth the gas even when you live around the corner
2	We stayed here last week because they are a pet friendly hotel. Honestly I should have looked elsewhere. The rooms were dirty, as the maids couldn't be bothered to lift the bed skirts to vacuum underneath the bed. We found a huge earring, dust galore, and what looked to be 5 month old cheetos. We have 2 cats and a small child, the room's uncleanliness was unacceptable. The A/C units were extremely loud and not running as they should, because the room never got that cool.They did not have comment cards in the comment card envelopes so we could not leave a review.The buffet was lackluster at best. While it was cheap, the quality of food reflected it. I wasn't really satisfied with anything I ate that night, and could definitely tell that most of the food was pre-processed food that I could buy myself at the store.I give this place 2 stars and not one because the staff was very very friendly. Also, The cafe was great for breakfast in the morning. My veggie omelet was great.
1	Stay away from hotel, yikes! boy did I get what i payed for got even less, first Dirty, Dusty, old. could not breath clearly, air conditioner coils and vent had not been cleaned for years, i could swipe my finger on any piece of furniture and yikes,,,dust everywhere, carpet is stained, and to boot we did not travel with pets and they stuck us in a pet staying room, our next door guests had pets and we could hear them barking, and we could see where a dog( s)were scratched up  the door, would have left but no cancelling possible and this was our first time to Las Vegas, we decided to   stay and visited the strip and hoover dam, that was the fun part!  I left a nice note for maid to clean but NO go came back from the strip still dirty, the just made the bed and left clean towels and left, while on line searching the pictures were photo shopped to look nicer!  and as checking out gal at registration desk just printed our receipt and did not even ask how our stay was, mmm wonder why? STAY AT YOUR OWN RISK! NEVER AGAIN FOR ME!
1	I wish I could give this nasty place 0 stars. The room was filthy and smelled like B.O. We decided to play blackjack for a little bit and the lazy-eyed dealer, who looks like he's homeless, CHEATED US OUT OF OUR BETS! He busted, then distracted us by telling us some blackjack story, when we got back to playing I asked him to pay us and he said he already did! Folks, I've stayed in Las Vegas dozens of times at dozens of hotels on and off the strip. Take my strong advice, as well as the other reviewers on here, and find yourself a better, friendlier, and cleaner place to spend your time and money.
1	Wish I could give it 0 stars too!!! Warning if you eat at buffet....bakery guy in plain site has a weird obsession with licking his fingers and touching every plate he serves!!! He is the only one we seen without gloves on. We couldn't believe our eyes.  Watching him in disbelief he licked his fingers time and time again and poked deserts! Absolutely disgusting!!! And the room to top it all of after a nice hot shower was to pull down the sheets and find bed bugs. Immediately called front desk and she said that it's probably just fruit flies! Are you kidding me? I don't think so!!! They put us in an off room suite with a cardboard feeling bed for our "inconvenience of bed bugs". Will never stay here again!!!
1	0 Stars...stayed here long ago and nothing has changed, except the hotel is now filthy, with visible dust on the floors, blood splatter on the nightstand and lamp, spots on the carpet and chairs, a view of AC units out the window, dust and rust on the ac unit...(Legionaires disease, anyone??)  Bill,the desk guy, changes our room to more of the same disgusting mess...and he also tells me there is a high turnover...oops!!! The operations lady yells at me for sanitizing the surfaces and not leaving the blood for her to see....Bill tells me no one complains.  Oh really, Bill?  People have mentioned, bed bugs on Yelp!!  Fiesta is a pet friendly hotel but I'm paying an extra $50 for a filthy, substandard pet room.  I wouldn't leave my dog at a filthy pet hotel...why should any human be treated like that??   I am appalled .  Patrick, the manager, is a robotic,automitom...with no emotion or a  resolution!!!  He said " I'm sorry" 10x  like he was bored...R2D2 has more personality. ..It was so late I couldn't change rooms again and I writhe in dread of catching a disease in this dump...cutting my 4 days here short and going elsewhere, such a frigging hassle too...STAY FAR AWAY...
1	I am still leaving zero stars for the Fiesta, but Crystal, the manager of housekeeping, was a gem of a lady, really cared and helped us with empathy and understanding, give her a promotion, please...Fiesta and Station Casino, listen to me...you have a gem of a oroperty, mountain views, minutes from Lake Las Vegas Lake Mead, Boulder City, Hoover Dam, Kayaking and a 7 mile walking trail to the back of your property!!!keep it pet friendly, put in some pet areas, remodel, and redo everything, keep prices low and u will have my biz forever...wake up!!!Also I need a job!!!
3	The Fiesta is a fairly tired casino that appears to attract an ageing and/or lower income clientele. Nothing wrong with that at all, but it's something of which to be aware. I chose to stay a week in their hotel because the rates are very good: this week I paid  average $38 per night, plus a $10 per day resort fee for a total of $48 per night. The fee includes WiFi, and I'm sure some other amenities but I don't plan to go and find them because they're sure to be just ok. There is no workout facility.It seems that room rates fluctuate wildly and daily, so it's important to check daily for the best deal. For example, 3 weeks out from now the rates average $69/day but 2 weeks out average $29/day (both excluding resort fee).My room is plenty adequate: the bed is comfy and the room large but sparse. Better than average quality hotel furniture but dated (but not badly so). The bathroom is workable; it appears to share the same ventilation system as the casino because I can smell the cigarette smoke lightly drifting in. It's not terrible but if you're sensitive to smoke then be aware of it.I will come back for another work trip soon because it's cheap and comfortable. The casino itself is sorry and smokey so I'm definitely not going to indulge there.
