4	I'm so excited Paradise Bakery finally came to me!A really great place to get different sandwiches, soups, and salads extremely fresh.  The turkey cranberry sandwich is my true favorite.  It's Thanksgiving in a nice little molassas bread package.  And how can you go wrong with a free chocolate chip cookie?  Soft in the middle, chewy crisp on the edges, and oodles of melty chocolate chips.Chocolate good.The fire roasted tomato soup is also a nice sweet and tart warm treat complete with a little sour cream and crispy tortilla strips served on top.Since this is a new location however, everyone in Surprise has now flocked over, so it's highly suggested you figure out what you want to get before you get there.  It felt like I was at a cow auction, everyone yelling their orders over the counter.  Yikes, can we say sardines in a can??  The staff was good natured and fast, so it made up for the tumble of people.  Plus samples of their tempting delights awaited you as you slid your tray down the line.Free stuff good.
5	Food--The fire roasted garlic tomato soup is excellent.  They sprinkle tortilla chips for garnish over a tiny dollop of sour cream.  Mmmmm.  Yummy.  The mixed green salad with albacore tuna is also a delightful choice, as is the turkey wrap and CA Chicken sandwich with pesto mayo.  Drip coffee and espresso drinks are good, too.  Overall, everything tastes great because it's made fresh.  No pre-packaged items here.Seating--Lots of booths and tables inside and out.  They have a cozy little set up with what looks to be 'lounge' chairs that accommodates 6 with swivel tables perfect, for savoring your beverage of choice.  The rest of the dining area looks like it has capacity for about 100 people, if all seats were filled despite a placard declaring the maximum capacity is '311'.Peak times--avoid lunchtime during the weekdays.  It would appear that all of Surprise is feenin for a sandwich or soup/salad special from PB during 11-1PM.  The lines are long and you can forget about getting back to work in under an hour if you factor in commute time, food prep & consumption.  IT'S IMPOSSIBLE.  The only time service has been 'fast' is during breakfast.  I've been there for a breakfast networking event and on a Saturday.  During these times, I received my order promptly and had little trouble locating a table.Free stuff--this would include WiFi, bread samples with tasty spreads, muffin and/or cookie bits.  Bonus points for free stuff!PB is open Mon-Sat 7AM-9PM and Sun 7AM-6PM.
4	Paradise is good. Wildflower is better. But there is no Wildflower in Surprise, so Paradise it is! As others have said, the tomato soup is quite delicious. I'm also a big fan of the salad with cranberries....but the name escapes me right now. The turkey wrap is average...lacking flavor. The breakfast quiche is also average. I think mine had been sitting out for a while, so maybe a fresh one would taste better? Cookies are good, but it is hard to screw up cookies. The salads are gigantic. Seriously, who needs a salad that big? I guess if you want it for lunch, dinner, and lunch the next day, what a deal! It can be a bit confusing the first time you are there since there are two lines, but you figure out that one is for the bakery, one is for the rest of the food, cafeteria style.Why do I like Wildflower better? I think their sandwiches are better, and the soup as well. The only soup I like at Paradise is the tomato soup. The others are lacking. I need flavor! I like the ambiance at Wildflower better too, although there is much more seating at the Surprise Paradise vs the Goodyear Wildflower. Overall, not a bad place to get a fresh salad for lunch.
4	One of several locations in the Phoenix/Surprise/Glendale area, Paradise Bakery offers primarily sandwiches, breads, soups, salads and pastries, all made fresh and daily.(Scales are 1-5, same as Yelp ratings)Atmosphere: 5There is plenty of seating, even during peak hours. This is not a take your date out type of restaurant, but it's not a dump. I describe it as somewhere in between. The area is clean and there is plenty of parking.Service: 5You enter the restaurant, fall in line, one of the employees will ask you what you want, you pay at the cash register and you pick up your order. The service is prompt and attentive.Food: 4I have only tried their sandwiches, salads, cookies and muffins. All three are above average, especially their cookies. There could be more variety in the soup and salad selections, but they make up for some of that with the sandwich variety and ingredient control. You can buy half sandwich/salad(or soup) combinations and the quality and quantity match and sometimes exceed the price. Plus, you get a cookie with your meal. Which brings me to their favorite item: cookies. I am a cookie fiend and their cookies are exceptional. Soft and chewy, fresh and delicious. Even the cookies they add to the meals are pretty good.  Their muffins are also top notch. Cost: 4.5Their prices do not change from lunch to dinner, so a meal during lunch may be relatively costly. Pros: Well prepared, tasty sandwiches. Good atmosphere and service. Well above average pastries.Cons: Slightly more costly during lunch. Needs more soup and salad variety.Best Entrees: Vegetarian sandwich. Cookies!Worst Entrees: None so far. Sample Size: I have eaten here over 3 times in the past 2 years
2	I am very indifferent to this restaurant.  I have personally had very bad service when ordering breakfast here, and on the occaisions that my wife has brought me home lunch from here I always hope for the best but inevitably get a sandwich with bread that is way too hard for my tastes.  The sandwiches are generous with meat, but the bread just always dissapoints.  Their soups could use just one thing: flavor.  I am not down on all Paradise Bakery locations, and the ones at airports are usually very good alternatives to fast / junk food so I really do like these guys, but this one can and should be avoided.
1	This is generally a good place to go for a nice ladies type lunch. They have lady-fare with sandwiches, soups, and salads. Men get dragged here from time to time, but when you go in, it's mostly the ladies who are here cackling like hens in the hen house. And that's not necessarily a bad thing. My favorite is the chicken walnut salad sandwich. I get it on a croissant rather than the dark grain bread. This visit though, I came for breakfast. I've had their bagels and muffins but this time I ordered a vegetarian omelet. This came with fresh fruit, toast, and I ordered orange juice. The juice was fresh squeezed and it was delish. The fresh fruit was nice as well. The omelet...not so much. It was a good sized omelet with a squeeze of sour cream on it and some feta inside. It appeared well made with the right fold to it. I cut in and that's when the disappointment began.  When you order a vegetarian omelet...you expect veggies. This omelet had diced tomatoes and broccoli. That's it. Now I know that Paradise Bakery has more veggies than just that so I was moderately disappointed about that. Yes broccoli and tomatoes are veggies (well tomatoes are a fruit, but I digress) but if you call something a vegetarian omelet, PUT MORE THAN 2 VEGETABLES IN IT! What made me put out though was the fact that the broccoli was raw. It wasn't even remotely cooked and it was only slightly warmed by being wrapped up in egg which means that the broccoli was tossed on top of the egg which was then folded over to make the omelet shape. This means that the diced tomatoes were also raw as well. Not good.  So, I bring this to the attention of one of the service people who is nearby cleaning tables. They seem confused by what the problem is. I'm trying to explain about cross contamination, etc but it's clearly not part of the vocabulary of this person. So then I speak to the manager.  He at first argues with me that the broccoli is just al-dente. Now, I am a trained chef. I know the difference between al-dente and raw.  How he could even make that claim was beyond me because you could tell by looking at the broccoli that it was raw. I make him taste it. It's then he agrees that it was raw. We discuss cross contamination, safe food handling...He then just says well that's how we do it here. I see this conversation is going no where. I set my fork down, thank him for his time and tell him I am not interested in eating this omelet any longer. He offers not a refund, not a new omelet, nothing. I like PB for their sandwiches and soups but now that I know how they handle food at breakfast, I'm probably not going to go back there for lunch. They are an massive diarrhea episode waiting to happen and I don't have time in my life to risk that chance. So based on the raw food and the manager's inability to satisfy a customer, 1 star. And that's generous.
5	'Bout time I wrote a review of this place, being as I'm here every few days. Surprisingly, it's my kid that asks to go eat here after school each day. His name for it is "The Cookie Place". He loves their PBJ sandwich along with the cookie (of course) and squeeze yoghurt included in the kids meal. I dither between two meals - either the ham and swiss sandwich with a small paradise pasta salad, or else one of their Fuji Apple Chicken salads which are freakin' delicious. With the sandwich I always ask for extra dijon vinagrette - the Fuji salad's special apple-flavoured dressing is almost worth buying a separate bottle of.There's really not much else to be said about Paradise Bakery. The staff are reasonably familiar with me and if you have one of their loyalty cards, every 10th or 12th meal is free. Definitely works for regulars like us. They've got free wifi at the location and it's amazing how many people bring their laptops in - like Starbucks. All I do is check in with Yelp. And hey, I'm the Duke (at time of writing). Woo hoo. If only that actually MEANT something.Consistent food, quick service, friendly, the place is clean, it's local to me, and every member of my family likes it. Makes it a five star establishment far as I'm concerned.
4	If you are under 50 years old, you don't golf, and you happen to find yourself in Sun City Grand, treat yourself to a cookie from here. Or 12. Really their cookies are amazing, and you won't have much else to do than eat them, anyway. Check the coconut chocolate chip and the peanut butter chocolate chip.They have some okay salads, too, and I like their set up (you can watch them make your side salad and tell them what to put on it). The apple balsamic vinegar dressing is also worth trying.
4	Always good and fresh! Lots of free cookies here and there to sample; "thank you very much don't mind if I do!"
3	Place is OK, I'm just not a big fan of what they have to offer! It's funny reading some of the complaints! People get a grip! Food is good, place is a cafe style, so your service is really up to you! Cookies are really good, my wife enjoys their sandwiches.
5	I'm from out of town and just happened to stop by this place after a baseball game in the afternoon to soak up some air conditioning and let me tell you.... the food in this place is awesome. Very tasty and perfect portions. Definitely stopping by here next time I'm in town.
5	We don't live in Arizona, so having our relatives take us here was aaawesome!  The place was great.  So great that we went back like two more times during our stay in Arizona.  LoL  One of the first things we did was google to see if there were locations in San Diego...we found one in El Cajon.  We have not been to that one yet, but it is in the plans at some point.  The food was fresh, portions were great, and was not overly pricey by any means.  Reminded us of a Panera....which come to find out it is a sister company of sorts.  Great food here.
3	They don't have the chili aka my favorite "soup".
3	I like Paradise Bakery but their prices are so steep for what you get...
4	A little on the pricey side for sandwiches, but the food is fresh and the atmosphere is comfortable and clean.
3	I was visiting surprise arizona for the weekend, and what a surprise I was really hungry Sunday morning before having to head back to LA and needed a good bagel breakfast sandwich. Since this area seems to be up and coming and doesn't have to many bagel shops I found this place on Yelp. Luckily it was just like Panera and the prices were about the same. 2 bagel sandwiches, 2 cappaccinos was $22. Yikes, very steep. But I just needed to fill up the belly before the 5 hour drive back home. The food like whatever and the capaccino had very little foam but when you are out of town you can't expect much!
4	Very rarely can you go wrong here, my 800 calorie lunch is a testament to that!Within the past year they changed their look and added to their menu. I love the grilled chicken sandwhich I had, and their baked potatoe soup, while not as good as the Corner Bakery across the Loop 101 to the East, is still great.Their bread bowls are fantastic, but they tend to run out of them at night time hours.I love the veggie omlet if you make it for the mornings,and my favorite cookie, their ginger molasses....I can eat those all day!!!!
5	Just tried the new Panera menu and it was good. Soup and sandwiches are good and the service was great. And you still get cookies with your sandwich order. Good place to eat!
4	Great place for salads...BUT falls short of its parent company Panera. Unlike Panera, Paradise does not offer, nor do they have bread selections with their salads, with the price about the same. Additionally, unlike their parent company Paradise does not offer a pastry at a reduced price (99-cents) when you purchase a salad and drink. Good place to eat, but disappointed if you are thinking about Panera.
4	I grew up eating at Paradise Bakery in California - it is funny because there aren't any left in No Cal, but they are in AZ now!!??!!  I come for the nibblers, my kids go for the Mac and Cheese.  I am not a fan of the "free cookie", I am not a big chocolate person - WHAT - I know!!  And the cookies are chalked full of chocolate.  Otherwise, I love the place.  Can't complain - which makes it a great day!!
4	Good food, I always get the cranberry turkey sandwich.  Its like having thankgiving in a sandwich....Not a healthly place, like subway?  I know the sandwich is full of flavor and with that calories. Also the cookies they give you with your sandwich is most likely not on a healthly diet.  I come here for a good tasting sandwich and the great tasting cookies however.. You should also :)
4	I'm sure it's possible to have a healthy meal here, just not for me!  Once I find a dish that I like, I usually stick to it.  Here I have found two!  Thankfully, I have the option of making both of those dishes into one meal.  The BBQ chicken chopped salad is my absolute favorite!  It normally come with a ranch dressing, but I of course substitute with Cesar dressing.  This salad had chicken, roasted corn, black beans, tortilla strips and of course lettuce.  Love it!  The other item I like is the Paradise Club on a croissant.  Turkey, ham and bacon!   Could it get any better?  Well it can!  When you order both you get a chewy chocolate chip cookie...FYI, I have been told that one cookie has 300 calories!  I love this place!
5	This location is a bit bigger than some other locations, offering free wifi as usual.It's always crowded during lunch but never a long wait and never a sacrifice on quality.I get the chicken walnut salad of course, or sometimes the new turkey with avocado sandwich, and the chicken chopped cobb salad.It's been open longer than a year I think, and still looks brand new. Kept up very well.I haven't experienced them running out of anything at lunch, although I have only come during dinner hours a few times. Always during the week.
4	The employees are pleasant and the food is great.
4	I love paradise bakery. This location is always clean with friendly staff. I like getting the black bean soup and a half cuban sandwich. Good bread and good coffee if you're there for breakfast.
3	The cookies are still wonderful, but they changed the bbq chicken chopped salad and I don't like it.  Instead of fresh tasting corn, they now have a sort of southwest corn mixture with onion and bell pepper.  I really don't like it at all.  Also, the chicken isn't really chopped... it's cut in strips.  I wish they would go back to the old way of
5	Ah Paradise Bakery, how you make my tummy full with all your delicious treats!Love this place. Relaxed but vibrant atmosphere, excellent selection of sweets and savories, and great customer service, from the order taker through to the gentleman that cleans your table (what a character!). I don't believe Surprise has gotten into the habit of celebrating excellence, so I'll make a start here. This place does great food, has great staff, and cookies that will make you have to buy a gym subscription if you're not careful how many you eat! :)
4	Food is always decent to good. Always fresh and clean. Good taste with "better" quality ingredients A nice change from any fast food or the run of th mill greasy sppon joint. Healthier options and all around OK.
5	Amazing!! And the cookies are the bomb.com, haha. The menu is great and you never get served something old or gross. Everything is fresh to the taste. Great place for any time of the day, breakfast, lunch or dinner.
5	This is my favorite place to just hang out vs other coffee joints for one simple reason - FREE REFILLS!  I used to hang out at McDonalds in the mornings for coffee and wifi and then I switched to Starbucks for the same reason.  But then I realized that Paradise Bakery had more to offer me - like I said, free refills and in the event that I did want a little snack I get the benefit of a larger/ better selection of food.  If you're like me - a senior with time on his hands; this is a great place to hang out, read the paper, surf the net or just visit with friends.  This place just feels right to me.
4	As expected, good food and decent prices. Try the half and half special and buy 1 cookie and get 1 free! Friendly staff, ample parking and lots of seating.
3	Paradise makes great food- I can't argue that. I absolutlely LOVE the Asian Chicken Salad. It is delicious! I will usually pair that with a half turkey or half chicken salad sandwhich. Can't go wrong! But I just can't give them more than three stars because of the prices. They are pretty high considering half of my $13 meal is lettuce and bread. I do love going here once in a while as a treat, but it is not somewhere I care to go on a regular basis.
5	A better version of Panera bread! Lots of menu options and the line, which was awfully long, goes by fast. I love cafes, and this one does not disappoint. Paradise offers free refills on yummy iced teas and coffees, healthy choices, and a free cookie that comes with your sandwich! Every server was extremely nice, and even the customers who dine here were nice every time we came (which was literally four times within two days). I wish there was a Paradise near me.
4	We order from here at least once a week.  It is great cause you could eat there every day for a week and always get something different.  Just keep an eye on your take out orders, we've had a few items either messed up or missing.  Otherwise awesome place!
4	Nice place to sit and check mail on your laptop with a muffin and some tea.  Lemon Poppyseed was awesome and the Chai Latte hit all the right notes.  Will be back for sure!!  Look forward trying some of the sandwiches that other reviewers suggested.
5	I must say when I was first invited to go here I was dreading it as I thought we were dining in a regular bakery.  I am not able to eat that type of food with diabetes but I was with a large group and didn't want to be the wet blanket so figured I'd get a little something and a drink and move fake it.  What a surprise I had coming. Such a nice clean and friendly place  with a friendly staff. The line was lunchtime long but moved very quickly.  I get nervous having people wait for me to decide so I saw a fresh salad list and (didn't have my glasses on) saw a chicken salad so would order that. As we waited to order a fine looking young man was asking who in line would be ordering a sandwich and looked like he would start their order so it would be ready. My friend I was next to in line started giving me the 411 and BOY there is a lot to chose from including delicious soups!  She ordered the Cobb Salad and ...well I changed my order PRONTO! You can chose small or large size and they are both nice sizes. She requested extra blue cheese while they were building her order and they were more then happy to oblige.  When I told them I would have the same thing they first asked if I also wanted extra cheese or any special additions or whatever. That is something you don't get or expect much anymore. I was able to customize my with no attitude..YAY!  Since our order was easy to be made we didn't need a # for our table and the cashier was very pleasant and welcomed me on my first visit. Our large group took up the outside patio and the staff was always aware of our drink needs and removing any dishes.  My meal was fantastic and the wonderful bread,soup and sandwiches everyone else had looked amazing. I can't wait to return...probably next week.  The prices are great for food that is by far fresher then food I get in pricier restaurants.  I also hears lots of "Umms" and Yummmy" from those around me with delicious desserts.  So if you are like me and didn't know, it's not a little bakery but a wonderful Cafe type eatery.  ENJOY!
5	I love this place! Clean, staff is friendly, great selection on the menu. On our recent visit to az we ate here three times. First time I had a turkey cranberry sandwich and BBQ chicken salad, second time rigatoni bolognese and salad, third time French onion soup and a club croissant. Everything was great. Fresh food, salads mixed to order. The choc chip cookies are melt in your mouth delicious. Wish we had PB in Minnesota!
5	The 'You Pick 2' is the answer to my indecision!It's just too difficult to pick between my 2 favorites, the turkey and cranberry sandwich & the chicken BBQ salad. The combination of 1/2 servings of each makes for the perfect amount of food so that I'm not starving within the hour AND I'm also not wishing I'd worn elastic waist pants, lol. The fact it also comes with a cookie (chocolate chip unless you ask for something else) doesn't hurt ;)On the rare occasion that I stop by during breakfast I do favor the mandarin orange muffin. It pares perfectly with coffee!The servers here are always so nice and patient.The place always looks packed, it makes me wonder if anyone ever goes to work, lol. It's not an issue because both their parking lot and the dining area are big. The only issue is the line you'll need to stand in if you visit during their busier hours. Still, well worth it!
5	Obviously to eat healthy is going to be more expensive than eating unhealthy. The prices are a little elevated, but you get exactly what you pay for. Not to mention quick service, friendly employees, fresh product and a wonderful atmosphere. What's not to love?
4	This place is exactly what it should be--a fast food way of getting your soup and salad fix on those long work days. Its the kind of place where you get on a cafeteria-like line and pick up the food you want, then pay at the cashier, and then take your seat. Nothing too fancy, but the food is good. I got the Asian salad with chicken and apples and a french onion soup. Everything was delicious, aside from the dried apple bits that were in my salad, as opposed to fresh apples, but that just may be my taste. Overall, great place to grab a quick (healthy) bite!
4	This is your standard Paradise Bakery. A little over priced but good food, good service, and clean.
4	Delicious food, friendly people. Except, for some reason the lady checking us out. Supposed to be the same company as Panera Bread, and while it is pretty much the same menu, Panera has just a little more finesse and I MISS THE BAGUETTES!!! :(
2	This place should not exist outside of a mall.  They literally have no organization to ordering. This was my first time here and I walked up until I get between the "salad and sandwich" menus before encountering any employees. Then they ask if I want a salad. That presumptuous. But then again I did pass a beverage, bagel and breakfast menu board (without finding any employees). Because I ordered a sandwich she walked back to apparently that ordering area where they, I guess, should have employees. Ok, so the service/ordering sucks. I order a sandwich (turkey avocado) small drink - $11:48. Yep, the price of a waiter style burger (Red Robin) or other service style restaurant. Not this cafeteria style one. Skip this place unless you're at the mall.
1	I visited Paradise Bakery On Feb 26th, located in Surprise AZ. While on line waiting to pay for my order, I witnessed an employee, with a dirty pink rag in her hand, cleaning all around the top of the salad bar. She wiped the top of the bar, and then proceeded to push the salad that was left on top, (after salads were prepared), back into the rest of the salad, with that dirty pink rag!! It was disgusting to watch. She did not care, that she did it right in front of customers.  I brought it to the attention of the cashier, and she said she would talk to her, but the whole while I ate my order, (after what I saw, begrudgingly) I noticed no one said a word to her, and she continued with that disgusting pink rag all over the counter, where the salad was being prepared for others, and also used it to clean other parts of the areas preparing food.  I don't think this business will make the Dean's list. If I saw that right out in the open, who knows what goes on behind the scenes.  I emailed my complaint about this on their website, but only received a reply, that it would be brought to the attention of the  Management of that business. I've heard nothing back.  I have not been able to go back into this eatery since.
3	I still go to Paradise Bakery but I need to take it down a couple of stars due to a couple of reasons.  Filth and the need for more staff.  Not to long ago this place was my the place to go for a good healthy meal.  But it seems that keeping the place clean is not longer a priority for management.  A little bit of soap and water would do this place a great deal of good.  And it seems that with all the extra people in town, keeping the place adequately staffed would be somewhat important.  I was in Paradise Bakery 2 days ago and the line was out the door - and only one cashier and not near enough staff was available to prepare the orders.  I'm sure it will improve once the ballgame crowd is gone and the snowbirds are back home but for now - one of my favorite eateries seems to be struggling.
3	It's your standard bakery & cafe. The line on a Tuesday at lunch was pretty long - took 10 minutes to order, then another 15 to get the food. The menu looked good. I ordered a half  bacon turkey bravo sandwich, as recommended by the employee who took my order. The tomato basil bread is fantastic - best part of the sandwich. Oh! And it comes with a cookie!
2	Probably the last time I'll come to this location . It used to be good but the last few times was awful. Service is rude and slow. They were out of broc cheese soup and panini bread mid afternoon. I just feel like it's gone downhill and I've been a regular customer for years
4	I had visited this location over the years however, upon visiting on a week day afternoon, I noticed that the cafe was a bit behind on their; clean up due to further noticing that a variety of their tables were not attended after customers had left. Their service was fair however they had always been "tip top" in attending you quickly and efficiently. Their food quality remains to be outstanding as usual. The cafe may have had a short hand of personnel on the day that I had recently visited yet I believe that they have the potential in providing improved customer service for future days.
2	I have tried on numerous occasions to like this place, especially considering the general lack of breakfast options in Surprise, but the utter lack of expediency in this place just ruins it for me. Three times I've placed orders that have taken over 20 minutes to fill. Today alone, 33 minutes to get a sausage and egg Ciabatta to go!!! 33 minutes?!?! And of course, standing there for that long I got to watch the chaos in the prepping area as the staff attempted to figure it all out. And I wasn't even the one complaining. That was left up to several other guests who hadn't even waited as long as I had! Like I said, this isn't an isolated experience either. I have watched the same manager repeatedly offer less than sincere apologies to upset customers and not even so much as a smile. Although today she did offer one ticked off lady some free cookies...cause who doesn't want cookies at 10am???!!! Get it together Paradise cause you're anything but!
2	Really unpleasant overall experience here.On arrival, the fellow who greeted us to take our order was super friendly.  We went to the salad area and picked our our salad and then went to the cash register.  There was one lady in line ahead of us and after she paid, the cashier just walked away and went thru a door into the back.  We waited about 4 minutes, she didn't return and noone working in the prep area noticed that we were still there...so we went to sit down and eat our salad.The sandwiches were delivered and they were fine, not great, just fine.The busser running around cleaning was doing a great job and was super friendly.  Finally, after finishing our lunch, I went back up to the cash register to pay for our meal.  The same cashier, came over with her purse slung over her shoulder.  She curtly asked what I wanted and I told her that I wanted to pay for the meal we had already eaten.  She plopped her purse down on the counter right down on the food service area, on top of a plastic covered tray of baked goods, no less.  I mentioned that putting her purse on the food and service area was really gross so she picked it up and put it down on the floor.  She really was quite stunningly rude and completely unapologetic about ignoring us the first time that I tried to pay.  I asked, and she said her name was "Vicky".  I'd say, lose the rude, unhygienic employee "Vicky" who is not the slightest bit interested in good customer service and this place would gain a star, maybe two.  Perhaps she's related to the manager?
2	This place used to have great food now it's just fair.  It takes too long to order and the staff is rude.  Employees look like they hate being there.  Starting to look dirty and always out of cups or napkins.  This used to be my favorite place so I hope they read their reviews and turn the place around!
5	This place reminds me of Panera Bread from back east!  Location & Aesthetics - Located at Litchfield and Bell in Surprise.  Lots of parking space and the restaurant is spacious, clean and well lit.  Noise level isn't too bad.Menu - very extensive and spans about three walls.  What's nice is the soup menu is clear and separate from the others, e.g. salad, drinks, entrees.  They're all on separate menus.Service - Staff was super friendly, helpful and answered any questions we had.    Food - I ordered along with my party, ordered the Pick 2.  I had the newly released flatbread - Thai Chicken with the bowl of salad and the Strawberry with Ginseng smoothie.The flatbread reminded me of a taco and one in my party said it reminded them of a Naan bread.  It was well toasted and filled with lots of chicken and other stuff and there was that definite Thai taste of mixed sweet, tangy, spicy taste and it wasn't even that spicy might I add.  The bowl of salad - the strawberry, poppy seed was very taste with all fresh vegetables and fruit....very crunchy!  The salad dressing was a hint and wasn't overwhelming!The strawberry with ginseng smoothie was low salt so you don't get that sugar high yet it was still smooth and very cold!  Very tasty.  The meal comes with a complimentary cookie and despite not liking the one I was already given - chocolate chip, I was given one that I preferred - oatmeal raisin that was free!Will most definitely be returning to try many of their other items on the menu and to also try their to-go service!
1	Incredibly crappy service from management!! Female mngr and male mngr very rude when getting a complain that I have everytime I go there ! I no longer will be going here I will not be treated badly after spending a lot lot of money here! I highly suggest kneaders !!! When a customer complains and has came to you as a mngr several times and she just looks at you like Dah and smiles it's rude! Your not doing the best lady you reAlly really need to learn some mngr skills and customer service skills ! So do you sir!! You about to loose Lot of customers over this. Your store is dirty all the time the lemons look so bad I would not let my kid get one. Gross!!! And gross service!'! No thank you!
4	Fantastic as usual. I don't get some of the comments on here other than people having axes to grind. Had the ham and Swiss on eye and a cup of chicken noodle. Both just as expected. And it's refreshing that this place actually has fresh brewed ice tea. You can taste the freshness in everything. Super friendly people here too. I'll be back.
2	I used to love Paradise Bakery......and then Panera bought them. They have gotten rid of the two things I LOVED there - the Chipotle Turkey Wrap and the BBQ Chopped Chicken Salad. It's probably just my bad luck that those were two of my favorite items, but it's still disheartening. The service at this location is not good and the prices have increased. Sadly, I don't think I'll ever be returning to Paradise Bakery.
5	This is my favorite paradise bakery location. It's always clean and all the employees are kind and helpful :)
5	Great breakfast at Paradise. Had the new egg white, turkey sausage, spinach sandwich. It was excellent. Had cheese and tomato as well. Ordered a turkey, cranberry flatbread sandwich for later. Great iced tea as well. I have had lunch there many times but this the first breakfast. Since it is really close to home, will go back soon. Thanks for such fresh great food and a free cookie to boot!
4	I stopped by here trying to get some bread to take home and make a sandwich with.  When I walked in, the only "bread" they had were bagels really.  This is more of a soup/sandwich/salad type casual restaurant.  Good to know!   I could not leave empty handed though.  I saw the display case full of cookies.  Buy 6, get 6 free?  Sure...lets do it!  I got 4 chocolate chip, 4 coconut chocolate chip and 4 peanut butter.  Just over $9.00.  These cookies were fantastic!  Nice and rich and buttery and loaded with toppings and nuts.  They are $1.45 each but the dozen deal is easily the way to go.  These pair well with a glass of milk.  I'm getting all my bad eating out of the way until my wife moves out.  I may have to stop here once more for these cookies.  They are heavenly!
4	Pardise has recently become one of my go-to places, I've tried many things on the menu and they were all amazing.  Their ingredients are always fresh and their menu has more than enough options to satisfy the needy.
1	First timer here.  Poorly organized ordering, drink area was a mess, food was nominal.  Will not be back.
3	I'm from out of town and visit the PHX several times a year. I ALWAYS look forward to going to Paradise Cafe. I have to go at least twice on every visit and sometimes hit the one up at the airport. I give this location a generous 3 star only because I love the restaurant as a whole. Almost every other Paradise I have been to has been 5 stars. Unfortunately this location was some what of a disappointment. I saw the site about a new smoothie B-green. I thought it would be a nice change. Well by the time I got to the end of the line to pay they bring me this drink that was grayish in color. They informed me that they had ran out of bananas (which is the base for the drink) and made it wi yogurt instead. I informed them that I was lactose intolerant and they ask if they could make me the same drink without the yogurt or a different smoothie. I asked what ones were dairy free and was told they all have yogurt. Umm ok I was thinking to myself why would they offer me something they know I can't have. I asked for a refund and that was that.   After sitting down I noticed that the staff was sweeping the store. I noticed that they had swept everything into a line in the middle of each walking area. It seemed that the lines of dirt and food crumbs were there for quite some time after sitting down. It was there long enough for me to eat my salad and have to look at filth swept into a pile. Finally the staff member came by with a dust mop and got all the dirt line in the store. Still sitting and eating after the sweeping was done I wondered why he even swept in the first place or if he did. There was still food, napkins and other things under most of the tables in my section. Again don't get me wrong I love this chain. The food is ALWAYS great and it one of the place I look forward to going to each visit. I just wish it was a cleaner like the rest of the Paradise's I have visited.
5	This review is long overdue. Originally, it was meant to be a two star review, with complaints about an extremely unsavory visit. I actually put in a complaint with corporate, who emailed me back promptly. But what really made me change my mind was the manager who called me a few days later. He went above and beyond any customer service standards and truly made me, as a customer, feel like my business was appreciated. He was kind and professional and even offered coupons for free sandwiches and such, which I did not take because my complaint wasn't to get any free stuff, I just wanted to let them know. He let me know that if I ever changed my mind they'd be there. I've gone back several times since then (never used the coupons) and each time has been a pleasant experience with satisfying food as well as customer service. Completely changed my mind about this place. And now I have even become somewhat of a regular customer, with some of the employees knowing my order by heart now. Definitely a delightful place in the heart of surprise.
3	Really enjoyed the dark roast coffee and cranberry muffin.
4	Excellent salads, the soup sucks, but the sandwiches and bread are delish!
