5	Best pizza downtown. Hands down. Finally a pizza joint that rises above the rest. Pop Up Pizza is as artful as Pop Up Art House in Henderson. Think a hybrid between Neapolitan style and New York style. Exceptional ingredients that are perfectly portioned with the crust. Oh the crust, light, yet firm, a with a nice crunch on the edge yet soft and pillowy inside. The crust in the center holds up to the toppings with ease. By the slice, by the pie, heck buy the slice or buy the pie. Four styles to choose from with an additional 4 on the way in the next few weeks...including a vegan variety. An entiere pie will run you about $22, by the slice-$3.50 Pop Up Pizza is located on the south end of The Plaza, just as you enter the front door from Main St. Run, do not walk to this place. Soon the lines will be out the door, up Fremont Street, then all the way down Las Vegas Blvd to the Secret Pizza Place at the Cosmo. Yeah, it's that good.
2	I did not like the pizza at all... The prices they charge,, better off getting Uncle Joe's,,, blows this joint away, the dough is better, the sauce is better the cheese is better and the price is definitely better...  I wish these people luck with their business,,, I will definitely not come back to this joint...
5	This place is awesome A nice variety of slices, and of the 3 or 4 I tried, I'd say the 18b slice was my favorite. The crust has a great crunch to it, and the cheese and toppings are fantastic. As a local and a frequenter of downtown, I'm really excited that this place is here. Can't wait to see what's next for this place!
5	I ate here yesterday when I was at Plaza and the pizza was great and crisp. If you haven't eaten here your missing out!
5	We had a fresh vegan pizza.  Roasted vegetables atop a flavorful homemade crust and a not-out-of-the can, spicy tomato sauce that was distinctive and tasty.  Every element had a separate flavor, and the combination was terrific.  Would definitely return.
4	After reading all the rants and raves, I FINALLY managed to get my butt down to Pop Up Pizza.  A vegan friend of mine recently blogged about their vegan pizza by the slice and I wanted to champion the cause.  When we arrived they didn't have a vegan pizza made - and I didn't want them to go to the trouble of making one just so I could have a single slice, so I went with a slice of their standard veggie. The service was super friendly and I instantly liked the staff.   One popped our slices in the oven while we paid, another popped them out - maybe a little too soon.  Our slices weren't hot enough - the potatoes on my slice were thick enough to still be cold...but who doesn't like cold pizza?  I still really loved the crunchiness of the crust and the flavor of their sauce is way above average and kind of sweet.  We took up their table space chatting with friends from out-of-town for quite a while.  I would have given them three stars - but the guys are so nice - they even asked me if I wanted to try a vegan slice when they had one ready.  I was already sated with my slice of veggie - but total props for offering!  Still looking forward to trying the vegan!
5	Tried out Pop Up Pizza last night for dinner and LOVED it! Great flavor. Crust has a great crunch. Overall enjoyed the taste, atmosphere and people were very cool. I will be a regular at this place for sure.
4	great pizza place.. simple and easy.. Plaza has some great places to eat... best downtown
4	Quality pizza with a satisfying crispy crust.Just walking by the arsenal of pizza on display, I was able to tell that there's quality and care put into their pies. The pizzas looked amazing. Plus, slice prices were very reasonable for what you get (around $3.50).  I had the pleasure of two different slices:18b - Traditional cheese pizza infused with herbs. Very tasty, with a great crispy crunch to along with it.Goodman - There's a lot going on with this pizza. In fact, I thought too much was going on. The flavor combo on this one wasn't the best with the caramelized onions, potato, etc. I preferred the simplicity of the 18b over this. Still, pretty decent.In terms of pizza, they do come off on the lighter side. They are not overly greasy, leaving me with a notable crispy crust to munch on.  If hungry, it might take 2-3 slices to get your fill. It might be a little disappointing to go out of your way specifically for the pizza, but it's a definite stop if I'm in the area. Note: Parking at the Plaza is a bit of a pain. Pay $5 to get in, get validation wherever you eat, then run to the cashier cage to get your money back. It's a slight run around, but just make sure you have cash to get in!
4	Very good pizza. And this is coming from a guy who would never have pizza in this city before a couple of years ago. Sauce and toppings have great flavor. Crust is just the right amount of crispiness. Will defiantly be back for more.
5	I am not one to do a lot of reviews but I do have to say Pop-Up pizza is the best pizza in Downtown Las Vegas, heck it comes pretty close to the best pizza in town period. The white pizza is killer as is the Oscar! Will be heading over there for lunch and I may even pick up an order of the fried pickles!Pop-Up Pizza at the Plaza is well worth the trip!Bon Appetit!!!
5	I've been holding off on a five-star rating for a while.  It's a pretty big deal to say that a place is "as good as it gets."  I take it seriously, anyway.  That being said, it is without hesitation that I deliver my very first five-star rating to Pop-Up Pizza.  It's just that good.If you've been following along, I have been searching for good east-coast style pizza since moving to LV.  Cosmo Secret Pizza is close (although it's kind of greasy and it's not really a secret anymore).  Everything else has fallen flat.  I had heard about Pop-Up Pizza and decided that the trek to downtown was worth the possible payout.If you only look at the counter and remove the setting, Pop Up looks nearly identical to the Cosmo joint.  They even have boxed wine should you choose to go that route.  There were only a few pie choices, but even then it was hard to decide.  I went with the 18b (cheese pizza with homemade red sauce) and The Goodman (a carb-tastic behemoth with spinach and potatoes).Both slices were amazing.  The crust had a snap and then a chew.  It was a contradiction of terms, and it was amazing.  The red sauce had a perfect blend of seasoning.  And potatoes on pizza sounds ridiculous, but you have to try it.I would eat here every day if I could.  Unfortunately, The Plaza is not close to home.  At the same time, I think this is better - now I can truly savor my Pop Up Pizza experience and enjoy it.
4	I won't lie, if "secret" pizza joints are the name of the game, then I definitely prefer this place to the one at the Cosmopolitan.  It was worth the little walk from work just to try this place out.  The pepperoni pizza is solid and the Fremont, with it's assortment of interesting toppings such as potatoes were a standout.  The crust was nice and soft yet still paradoxically crispy.   While we ate there we were approached by the owner just to see if we were enjoying ourselves and our pizza.  Now that's service if you ask me.  He mentioned that they were planning on rotating their menu of pizzas to try new combinations out and see how the public reacts and keep the ones that are crowd-pleasing.  If that's not an incentive to keep coming back I don't know what is!Hopefully like the one in the Cosmo, this place doesn't stay a secret for long because if there's anything I enjoy for lunch, it's good pizza.
5	I finally got around to checking out POP UP PIZZA, I have to say that I was extremely impress with the quality of dough and toppings. It seems like it is a secret pizza spot but it's not, it''s BETTER. I spoke to the lady behind the counter she was very polite and she knew every detail of every pizza.  I spoke to some guy named Chef Mikey he was  behind the scenes most of the time I watched him take a spoon to his secret red sauce and commented to his right hand man that the sauce was perfect. I really liked the communication and vibe this place has. My BF really enjoys pizza and he said hands down that this was the best pie he had ever enjoyed. We will defiantly be back for their grand opening FREE SLICE OF PIZZA we are so in.  THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for opening up Down Town!P.S. I hear they have a crazy good Vegan pizza from my vegan friend.
5	I know I am going to join a list of amazing people who think this pizza is profound.  I like that I can grab a weird slice before visiting Insurgo (http://www.insurgotheater.org/). A bonus to an already surreal existence. I was not sure if I would like pizza with potatoes--perfectly pleasurable.
5	POP UP PIZZA should change their name to THE BOMB ASS PIZZA SPOT. I had the pleasure of checking out the Plaza after many years and I was definatly impressed with the renovation. I was walking around the sports book when I saw Pop Up Pizza I walked over to see what they were serving up. POP UP PIZZA was selling some creative and good looking slices, I mean the quality of the ingredients were on point. They must have a 50% food cost ( I hope not) but it sure looks like they really pride themselves on quality ingredients . I got 2 slices the vegan and the Oscar. I'm not a Vegan but I just wanted to see what the hype was. I now know why this pizza gets so much attention. It's just down right good without the guilt . The dough was just perfect, I asked the young girl were they bought their dough, she replied that  the dough they were using was hand made daily AWESOME FRESSNESS at its finest. I can honestly say that it's a drive from the South West side of town but I will definatly stop by on first fridays and whenever I have my NY friends who think their city has the best pizza. Vegas is now on the map for possibly having the best damn pizza. HELL YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Pizza 5/5Cleanliness 5/5Ingredients 5/5
2	I'm so disappointed!I read all the glowing reviews of Pop Up, and I thought, thank you jesus, a great pizza place in Las Vegas to go along with the very very very few other great pizza places. But alas, THIS IS NOT IT! Not even close.The sauce tastes like the spaghetti sauce you'd get at Vons. The crust is nice and soft, but not fully-evolved: too much floury flavors. And a touch too thick.The mozzarella is so not there, it may as well not be there.The pepperoni is so large it looks more like salami, and doesn't have that spicy kick that puts the damn "pepper" in pepperoni!It doesn't end there. Their business model is as retarded as the Secret Pizza place at the Cosmo.They don't have a menu.They have only one size pizza: 18 inch.They clearly missed the memo from high school business class that says: give the consumer choices and make him feel like he's getting what he wants. Oh, and I almost forgot, it's expensive....almost 20 bucks for an 18 inch (we don't have any other size) pie.No deals.No pick-up specials.In the end, I'm depressed. I had such high hopes. I really wanted this to be sublime. But it's ordinary. I hate ordinary. Go to Sicili on Twain....still the best pizza at the best price in the whole damn city.That's "extraordinary".
5	Pop Up Pizza is great because of the price, the location and especially the food. The White Chapel, or "white pizza" is incredible with no tomato sauce but still tasty with ricotta and spinach. The traditional pepperoni pizza outdoes other traditional pizzas offered at other places. The other specialty pizzas such as The 18b with basil and fresh herbs topped with grated mozzarella cheese, or The Goodman made with mozzarella, caramelized onions, mushrooms, spinach, and potatoes or The Fremont made with mozzarella, Italian sausage, bacon, pepperoni, roasted peppers, and roasted eggplant are excellent at an even better price. This is located in the Plaza Hotel and Casino in downtown Las Vegas but the vibe is fun, funky and urban so live a little and enjoy the rejuvenated Fremont Street.
4	In an area where food prices often scare me away, a nice crispy slice of pepperoni pizza is a welcome lunch for me.  Free refills on the soda too -- very nice!  My two concerns are the tough parking (so I only go if I'm down there for something else) and the pepperoni was a bit too "real" for me, since I don't like sausage ... but I can see how that would be a real plus for those who do.
3	After downing a refreshing mango beer at the Triple 7, but finding the menu there old and boring it was wander downtown time. The plaza used to have chinese place, but Hawaii took over and then i ran into pop up pizza. My NY standards are pretty high and this $3.78 slice of spinach/ricotta was pretty average, but fell short of good. It could have used more garlic and crust was too chewy, not crunchy. I guess it wouldn't have mattered if I had two Mango Beerrs, but another swing and miss for Vegas pizza shops.
5	Walked all the way down Fremont from Emergency Arts in 105 degree heat, motivated by visions of vegan pizza at the end of my arduous journey...this time, I was not disappointed!Now, I make a pretty stellar vegan pizza at home - so I judge others fairly rigorously.  I can't beat Pop Up's sauce or crust, so theirs beats mine hands down.  They also are perfectly light-handed with the Daiya cheese - which can be a bit much if laid on too heavy.  Loved it - my favorite slice of pizza in town!A HUGE plus? One of the guys stopped by my table and commented "You finally got your vegan pizza" - he actually remembered me from two weeks prior!  You can't beat that kind of customer service.
5	So mad that I found this place the last days I lived in Vegas.Best I've had in Vegas.Just go there and eat. Trust me...I know pizza.Go to The Plaza...gamble a lil bit..get some pizza...and love life. Lol
5	By far the best pizza in Vegas.  They also make an amazing vegan pizza! And they now offer delivery!  And you can order from their website!
3	Laying on my couch just got your request to come back and have you try to make it right......... Amazingly I think this is the right thing to do and am super impressed that this offer was extended. On that alone I will change my rating to 3 stars. If we're all in neighborhood again I may take you up on that offer. Not often a place in Vegas makes wrong into a right. I'm all too firmiler what a bad review on yelp can do to a store owner who tries so hard. With that said you receive an A for effort. And thank you for making my opinion matter.
2	Visited on a Thursday night around 8 pm. Pizza choices on cold tray like at Sbarro's. Reheated by the slice. ugh. Very disappointed.
5	Great food, great service, will be back a bunch especially for the fried pickles!
5	My boyfriend and I stopped by Pop Up Pizza after we became hungry after a long day/night of drinking.  Pop Up Pizza is conveniently located inside of The Plaza Hotel which is a short walk from the Golden Nugget where we were staying.  I got 2 slices of their vegan pizza and my boyfriend had their pepperoni and pepperoni & mushroom slices.  Their slices of pizza were huge and their pizza was absolutely delicious.  My boyfriend and I both loved our slices of pizza and Pop Up Pizza's affordable prices.  Their staff was also really nice and professional which we appreciated because good customer service is hard to come by these days.  Check them out, I promise you will not be disappointed!!!!!!
5	Food was really good. stopped in on a friday night and my brother and I opted for a whole pizza which was fresh out of the oven. Really really good. So good we went back the next night and got slices which were just as good. Whole staff is super friendly.
4	Great pizza!  Odd location and odd logo for where it's located but the pizza and knots are great.  They serve the garlic knots with sauce but it really should be warmed-up. Cold sauce on warm garlic knots just doesn't taste right - we ended up eating the knots sans sauce.
5	I love pizza.  Pop up pizza is now my favorite!  Great friendly service, fresh food, quality product!  The crust is NY perfect.  The sauce is ideally tangy yet not too acidic.  The toppings are fresh and delicious.  I just had a goodman slice while waiting for the best Vegan pizza on the planet.  My wife is gonna love me for this one!  See little Mike and the gang at Pop Up and taste the difference.  I live in Summerlin and will be driving to downtown quite often just for pizza! You'll have a smile just like me!
4	I was glad to see something delicious with speedy service at The Plaza and even more impressed with the Vegan Pizza.  I loved the vegetables which seemed fresh along with tangy sauce, the cheese was cheesy despite not being dairy.  What I really enjoyed was having a couple of great tasting slices that wasn't super heavy given the thin yet delicious crust.  If you're in the area and looking for a quick bite that gets you a fast yet delicious lunch then you owe it to yourself to stop.  I'm looking forward to trying more slices.
5	Best pizza I've had in a long while! The staff is very friendly and the fried pickles are the bomb! :) Can't wait to go back.
5	Amazing pizza only thing is secret pizza is better
5	Wow, this place was really cool! As I was walking towards the Plaza to check in, I could smell the tentalizing aroma of Pizza. So after a long ride from LA and not having eaten for a while, I was due for a major grub fest. I got a slice of pepperoni and a slice of cheese. When my order came up, I was surprised at how big the slices were. Even better, they included a complementary slice of spinach pizza. The pizza was really delicious, and the crust was bomb. Nice and crunchy. If I ever find myself in Downtown Las Vegas again, I'm gonna go back for a slice for sure.
1	Walking up to this place it has a great ambivalence and it is fairly busy. The pizza is on display and it looks delicious. I chose the white pizza and side salad and my husband selects a different type of pizza and an order of french fries.And then we wait.....and wait some more....now people behind us are getting their food...My husband decides to question where our order is being that it has already been 15 minutes and we are the only ones not eating. The gentleman says that our order is held up because of the french fries but should be coming up shortly.So we waited again....and watched two other people go up and place their order.....and we waited.....I......haaaaaaaaatttttteee......waaaaiiiitttiinnnnggg........! Oh and by now the other two people who had JUST ordered are now being called up and they are retrieving their order. Guess what it is!?!? Any guesses anyone!?!??!!? TWO ENORMOUS ORDERS OF FRENCH FRIES!!! But oh no our order is still not up. Seriously....My husband goes up again to question the man at the counter and he told me that they decided that they're not going to be making any more of the type of pizza that I had selected so I just wasn't going to get pizza tonight. Right....well thanks for letting us know after we have sat here for 45 minutes hungry. I am not sure if they just did not understand that you need to tell your customers that they will not be eating that night because you're refusing to make their pizza, or if they expected us to read their minds and then try to come up with a different solution.Well the ONLY solution that I discovered about this situation was to remove myself from it completely and hope that somewhere else in Las Vegas can serve some decent pizza with some CUSTOMER SERVICE SKILLS!
4	"Best pizza downtown hands down!! Had it in a drunken night on Fremont, but had to come back on a sober trip to make sure it was as good as I thought it was. It was!! Wish parking was easier though."
5	I have now been to Pop Up Pizza twice now and I have only good things to say about my experiences. The first time I came in and ordered a simple slice of pizza by myself after walking through the Fremont Experience. I ended up meeting the manager who embraced me in a quality conversation and made me feel as though I was at home with a friend enjoying some wonderful pizza. The second time I came, i brought a friend of mine to see what he thought. He ended up ordering 3 different types of pizza and loved all of them. Best part about the second experience was that the manager approached me and remembered my name. I was very impressed and will continue to make it a point to stop by every time I am downtown!
4	After a night of drinking downtown, I knew that I had to try the new pizza joint that everyone was talking about. So we waded through the madness of the Fremont  St. Experience and finally found them in a corner of the Plaza. When you walk up, it looks like a normal pizza place, with pies sitting out waiting to be consumed by the slice. I was immediately drawn to the white pizza and after reading the menu I knew this was not the run of the mill food court pizza. They are quite inventive with the toppings and very friendly. I went with the White Chapel, cute name, which was a white slice featuring spinach, garlic, and ricotta. It was pretty fantastic and I definitely would have eaten another slice. It was flavorful, especially the spinach and ricotta, and the crust was crispy, thin, and delicious. My husband had a slice that had bacon, sausage, and pepperoni, a real man pizza. It was also very flavorful and delicious, you were really able to discern the flavor of each meat in every bite. I kept stealing bites each time he turned his head. We also tried a slice of the Goodman, which features spinach, potatoes, caramelized onions, and mushrooms. This was good, but not as outstanding as the other slices. We also had some garlic knots, which were good, but nothing too special.Overall, this place is dishing up some great NY style pizza with inventive toppings. The sauce, the toppings, and the crust are all highlights to these pretty outstanding pies. This is drunk food, with some serious flavor!
4	Vegan selection "The Soho" is to die for!It's inexpensive, the staff is meh and it's located inside The Plaza Hotel in Downtown Las Vegas.
4	I made a point to go to Pop Up Pizza last weekend because I have noticed little articles and shout outs about the place over the past few months.  Get the Dayia cheese out because I'm really excited to try the pizza!  We ordered 2 pizzas to go.  Bf was a little shocked by the price but I say whatev, we took away two 18" pizzas to enjoy for the rest of the weekend.  I ordered a vegan cheese pizza with carmelized onions and olives.  It was great.  The crust was thin but the edge was thick and soft-chewy.  There was plenty of cheese and when you use a pizza oven the Dayia actually melts like cheese should rather then turn rubbery.  I would have preferred more onions but that's just me.  I think the olives were kalamata instead of canned black ones so I will skip those next time.  Bf ordered his with onions, jalapenos and mushrooms.  He had the same positive comments about his crust and taste so I see more pieces of Pop Up Pizza being consumed in our future.  A little bit more sauce would have been appreciated but I will defer to their pizza engineer expertise when it comes to sauce-crust-topping-ratios.  Besides offering vegan cheese for me the other best part about this place is that the casino bar has $1 beer!  That's all I have to say about that.
4	This pizza is great!  NY style, super crispy!  This place rocks!!
5	Best pizza in town. Perfect crust that is crispy on the bottom and not too chewy. Get the Plaza.
5	When you can give out a 5 star review for reheated pizza, you know it's got to be good! After finally realizing this place is inside the Plaza (don't even ask) we weren't expecting this to be a order a slice, reheat and sit down type of place. There were around 15 tables, a couple businessman eating and the rest was open. Seating wasn't an issue. My first slice I went with your basic cheese, this way I can get a good feel of the crust & cheese. This was pure pizza perfection. The crust was so perfect, just cripsy and not too thick, not too thin. I was so in love, I was scared to try to my second slice because I didn't want to be disappointed. It was anything but, I went with a white pizza, the Plaza, it had mozzarella, ricotta cheese, roasted red peppers and italian sausage. Nice bit of oilve oil on top as well. I couldn't eat this fast enough because my 2 friends (who only ordered one slice) were trying to steal my crust! I could eat just the crust and be happy, it was that good. The ranch dressing was also good (don't hate, I'm a dipper). This place has given my other fav, Cugino's, competition for best crust in town. Well done Pop Up!
3	Decent pizza, crust was perfectly crispy. 5th street (caramelized onions, mushrooms, salami)  was really tasty without being overly greasy.
4	We are staying at the Golden Nugget and wanted a slice and a salad.  When we arrived there was a display of about 8 different pizza's.  I got the white pizza that had spinach and ricotta.  My friend got the red pepper and sausage slice. The crust was perfectly crisp and chewy.  The side salad we split had fresh greens and the artichokes were very flavorful.  All in all a great quick dinner under $25 for 2 of us.
5	I would totally go back to Pop Up Pizza!!!It was just what the doctor ordered after a night of drinking and partying. The pizza was great and the had Rolling Rock on tap. You cant beat that!It's located in the Lobby/Casino area of the Plaza which is right walking distance from all of the casinos in that area. It cost $5 to self park at the hotel but when you get your parking ticket validated they refund your $5!! Perfect!This is definitely on my list of places to stop next time I am back in Sin City!
5	My friends and I got a taste of every slice that was available. Every single one was amazing it was so good! The crust itself I could eat for days. We even got a side order of the onion rings, garlic fries, and the fried pickles. I was literally in heaven, even down to the ranch dressing, I thought the food was amazing. The atmosphere was very laid back so it was a perfect setting for trying to recover from a long night.
5	Vegas is expensive and let's not kid ourselves, but we also try to spend as little as possible.  That is why there are places like Fremont and off the strip buffets.  Located inside the Plaza Hotel at the end of Fremont Street is a small, tucked away pizza place called Pop Up Pizza.HANDS DOWN, the BEST PIZZA money can buy on Fremont, if not Vegas.  Your experience might be different from mine but here's how it worked.You see the pizza you want through the glass plus anything you see on their menu.  At first I thought they were going to cut out a slice from what has been sitting out in the open.  Instead, the four of us waited and received FRESH PIZZA SLICES from the oven, three different kinds of slices.  Were they amazing?  You bet your A$$ they were!  MAYBE it was because it was slow when we arrived, that might explain why they had the time to make fresh slices for us.  Who knows?  The service of course was friendly and warm welcoming.  It's sad, the more I think about it, the next time I visit Vegas, there is no way that I am going to miss out on Pop Up Pizza.  The pizza here is simply amazing, affordable, and satisfying.
4	Late night vegan pizza by the slice??! What more could you ask for?  Well, for starters, I'd like to be able to get a whole pie to go. And I'd love for them to actually get in the VEGAN SOFT SERVE that has been taunting me on their menu for months now.  But I'll let it slide because I love their pizza.  The vegan pie is straight up delicious, with a great crust, plenty of Daiya cheese, and lots of good veggies (even artichoke hearts!).  It's even great leftover straight out of the fridge.  At $4 a slice, it's pretty expensive, but late night vegan pizza on Fremont is pretty much priceless in my book.  Highly recommended.  Oh, and they have "regular" pizza too.
5	I'm a huge pizza lover and let me tell you, this place does NOT disappoint!  A friend and I came here for lunch after hearing so many wonderful things about it.  Rumor has it, this place imports a lot of stuff from authentic graphical locations around the states.  For instance, they ship their cheese from Wisconsin, rumor also has it they use the same water softener as what's used in New York, ensuring the perfect New York style pizza.  If all that's true, then hats off!!So the location is a blah.  It's on the south end of the Plaza hotel, at the west end of the Fremont Street Experience.  The place is hard to miss, Pop Up PIZZA sign is HUGE.  There are a few square tables in the area.  You have a glass case with all the pizzas available and a couple of tvs.  It's a small quaint pizza joint in the middle of a downtown casino.Today, I got a slice of the meatball pizza and a slice of the 5th street pizza.  The total with a bottled water and tax came to $10.  The meatball pizza has slices of Italian meatballs, pieces of basil and olives.  The meatball was perfectly seasoned, the basil offered an herbal refreshment and I love the saltiness of the olives.  The 5th street pizza included pepperonis, sliced mushrooms and caramelized onions.  I LOVE mushrooms on pizza.  Something about that combination makes me smile :)  The pepperonis were sliced differently so it looked homemade.  The taste was out of this world.  Add that with the sweetness of caramelized onions and you got my favorite pizza from this place.I'm always working and hanging out downtown.  Now that I've found this authentic gem, there's no way this was my last visit.  I think this place needs to be told and shared amongst the world of Yelp.  When you're in downtown Las Vegas, you really need to check this place out.  You will NOT be disappointed!
5	Being from New York, I'm very picky about my pizza and this place does not disappoint.  Located in the Plaza on Fremont Street Downtown, it's great pizza in a place where tourists and locals and equally enjoy it.  Seeing as it was on Fremont, I was surprised that I was reasonably prized for a pizza place.  I got the white pizza and pepperoni and both were very fresh and flavorful.  I'm definitely coming back to Pop Up Pizza!
3	Well, I was delaying this review until I gave it another shot, but with so much out there to try it may be awhile. And I can always update if I find the second and third trips to this small little pizzeria any different. We ordered an entire SOHO ( SEE http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=UBbxQ7muoPLlaYmZ-5ZXgw&userid=KtIh1kjkVESCqd2CCsQnhA ) because I was not certain if they had slices but even if they did I prefer to have an entire fresh pie to judge a pizzeria by. The Soho is their vegan pizza. I am not vegan (but I do LOVE vegetables!); the faux-cheese was runny as all hell. Not it's-daiya-so-it-comes-with-the-territory runny, but absurdly runny. You're being punked, practical joke, runny. Perhaps only myself and John Curtas, independent experiences of course, were served this runnier version of the Soho. Did not a particular problem with the location (we were going to Little Whorehouse anyway). Simply found it to be severely lacking in the greatness that is being bestowed on it. Is it better than 'Secret Pizza'? I don't know; I never tried a vegan pizza (don't think they have it) at Secret Pizza so they cannot be compared. Is it the best pizza I have had in Vegas? FUCK NO man, get serious. - E
4	Although I have not returned to this pizzeria, the owner took the time to write me on yelp and apologize for the customer service I received during my last visit. The fact that the owner wrote me shows me that he genuinely cares enough about his business to want to make his customers happy and not just earn a profit. Thank you Michael, it is much appreciated!
3	3.5 stars. Pretty crispy. Pretty greasy. Only $5 is a steal.
4	Two words: Vegan Pizza. I, being a vegetarian, liked the SoHo pizza. Albeit, this is my first time ever trying a vegan pizza with vegan cheese- but I liked it! The cheese is a little on the sticky side, it will stick to your teeth, but I don't care. It's a creamy cheese, like...well, cream cheese. It wasn't thin and crunchy, and the toppings kinda fell off, but again, I don't care. Others, like my boyfriend, do slightly care about that. He wasn't a fan of it, and the poor guy bought an entire pie for us. We later went back and had different slices, and he thought those were much better, especially the no sauce spinach and cheese slices (he ordered this time, so I have no idea what the name of this pie is) and it tastes kind of like cheesy bread.The downfall is this- they STILL do not have the vegan ice cream machine. So they have no deserts at all :(
5	Pop Up serves the best pizza I have ever eaten. And I don't normally like pizza all that much. The crust is deliciously crispy-chewy. Everything tastes fresh and homemade. My favorites are the Goodman because of the caramelized onions and White Chapel because of the goat cheese. It's artisan pizza served at a super affordable price. This  place will satisfy all of your pizza cravings. They also have vegan pizza and ice cream!
5	Their pizza crust is so crispy. Their dough is tossed with love, absolutely yelpful to my tummy. Their pizza is closest to NY style pizza out here in Vegas. To know whether their pizza is truly yummy, go for their cheese. They have so many different toppings. Their ambiance is nice and everything is so chic. I really enjoyed my time there. Their prices are reasonable.
3	Not a bad choice when downtown. $3.75 for slice, I tried the Newport and my brother had the Fremont and a garlic knot. I had seen so many reviews mention a crisp crust I was a little disappointed that mine wasn't super crisp. My brother really enjoyed the pepperoni and we concluded that the classics are probably the way to go. And next time he'd skip the garlic knot. If I'm craving a NY Slice I'd seek out Secret Pizza at Cosmo before Pop Up, but Pop Up has downtown locked up.
5	Finally got a chance to try Pop Up.  It did live up to the hype!  It's walking distance from my office and right in front of the main entrance to the Plaza.  I usually am not a fan of hotels but being that this Pop Up is located toward the front and the Plaza has been renovated, I didn't notice the usual smoke smell.  Service was really good.  Myself and my two coworkers ordered the whole pie, that math was a better deal then their by the slice option and we had leftovers to take back.  We ordered pepperoni and cheese although all the other options looked delicious too.  The pizza isn't thick or thin but somewhere in the middle.  It was a little greasy but I just blotted the excess with a napkin.
4	Strolling through the extremely dead Plaza Casino on a Thursday night, I was looking for a spot to get a decent beer, and to get something to eat other than McDonald's, and was coming up short on both efforts. Pop-Up Pizza to the rescue! I spotted them at the end of the casino and noticed that they were indeed open. I ordered a slice of their White Chapel and enjoyed a cold Stella while waiting. (Stella's not my top choice for beer, but it will do in a pinch). The slice of pie - white pizza with ricotta, garlic, and spinach, was a great slice of pie, especially for the price ($3.75) and at late night. Service was super friendly. There was an issue of a belt sander going off at a nearby spot of the casino, but that's no fault of Pop-Up Pizza - whose employees were as perplexed about the noise as I and the other patrons are.At this time of night, I can't imagine the pies were that fresh, and I can only imagine they taste even better during the day. But this was still a very good piece of pie that hit the spot at the right time.
5	Dang good pizza!! I discovered this place by accident prior to moving to Vegas when I stayed at the Plaza. I found out after I moved here that this is a favorite among locals. I highly recommend it!! Great prices, great toppings!! Perfect for ordering to go or eating before you go out and enjoy the Downtown/Fremont area.
4	Delicious pizza.  Love that they have vegan pizza.  Not a convenient place to get to, though.  In Plaza Hotel.
5	I have found a hidden spot for terh BEEEESSSST ever pizza downtown inside the Plaza Hotel is Pop Up Pizza.... I highly recommend this place.....
4	Loved this place. It's been on my bookmarks since it opened. I know everyone compares it to Secret Pizza, honestly I was WAY too drunk to remember my 3am experience there so I'm not gonna be one to compare the two. We went here during a visit to the Friday downtown farmers market. The parking at the Plaza sucks. You pay $5 then get it refunded inside. The elevators were creepy. Find parking within a few blocks and take the walk. You'll need it after stuffing your face with the thin NY style pizza, I went with The Plaza (sausage, ricotta, red peppers, no red sauce) I'd order again and honestly I will return based on this slice. Also went with the White Chapel which was a typical white pizza with spinach. I'm a sucker for ricotta on pizza, but next time I will get one with red sauce because I tasted it with my garlic knots and it was bomb. My bf had a slice with different meats and eggplant. My homegirl had a slice of pepperoni. Both enjoyed but I don't think either of them has had a pizza in NY or NJ the way I have & they didn't get the appreciation I had for the place. And as mentioned in my tip, the reggae music and genuine service topped it off perfectly. Loss of star for the stupid parking. I appreciate the downtown casinos getting new good grub, but they need some updating as well. Nasty cigarette smoke is not the business!Ill be back, order in advance and run in while my bf does a loop around the block. See you soon POP UP PIZZA!
4	Pop Up is DTLV's original upscale pizza joint, and probably the most impressive part of the newly-remodeled Plaza.Last night my wife and I had an inexplicable pizza craving, so I made the trek from The Ogden down to the Plaza, dodging tourists, Elvis impersonators and vagrants to get some delicious slices. This was our fourth or fifth time having Pop Up and it has never failed to impress. We had four slices - an 18b (plain cheese and basil), a Goodman (with potatoes!), some kind of white cheese slice and a tasty, tasty monstrosity with sausage, pepperoni and bacon.The white cheese and spinach slice was a tad boring, but we devoured the other three, along with the amazing parmesan garlic fries. Pop Up kicks the crap out of the "secret" pizza place at Cosmo and shows those strip titans how we do things downtown.
5	Love this place! Great pizza. Thin crust and great, unique toppings. Service is extremely nice, convenient. It is a gem in Vegas. Fast food with unique options and very good prices.
5	By far the best pizza in downtown LV, bar none. Don't bother going anywhere else.
5	I'm so glad I found this place. I was debating whether to leave a four or five star review. Most types of pizza I had here are great and the crust is very good. I decided on the five star review because compared to most other pizza I've had here in Vegas this might be one of the best and they have vegan pizza! I think compared to the best pizza I've had this is around four stars. Regardless it's damned good pizza and thank you Yelp for helping me find it!
5	I can't get enough of the vegan pizza and garlic fries at Pop Up. The garlic fries usually come with Parmesan, but ask for no cheese and they are dairy-free and so good. The vegan pizza has just the right amount of daiya cheese and delish veggies (artichokes!).
5	Yummmmmyyyy! Love love love!
4	A light crispy crust, fresh ingredients and a traditional red sauce, what more do you want in a slice of pizza?  What is amazing about Pop-up?  It is located just off the casino - far to the left as you enter from Fremont and would ordinarily fall into the 'dive casino snack bar' category.  But it is wonderful, and worth a stop if you are roaming Fremont.  It's in the Plaza Hotel.
5	They have some SERIOUSLY delicious vegan pizza (with or without Daiya cheese) and vegan ice cream! Pop-Up Pizza is also easy to find, and surprisngly not at all smokey despite being in a casino. Highly recommended.
1	Guy just hung up on me and said it they couldn't deliver to my area when they did just yesterday. It also took them 20 min to figure out they "couldn't" deliver here.  It's on the strip. No excuses. Terrible customer service. Will not be recommending. Extremely disappointed. Hire better staff. What a joke.
1	We ordered pop up pizza last night and it was great. So great in fact that we decided to order it again tonight. We asked for delivery to our apartment, we gave them our cc info, everything seemed fine. Almost 30 minutes later we get a phone call and the guy said that they don't deliver to our apartment... Except that they had delivered to us the night before. So we asked if it would be possible to do it tonight at all. He said no. So we asked why it had taken so long to get back to us. He said they tried to call us but no one answered. Then we asked if we should call somewhere else and they could just lose our business to which the guy hung up the phone with no answer. It's really a shame because the pizza is really good. The service tho... We're shocked at how terrible it is. We will NOT be ordering from pop up any longer. :(
4	My memories of pop up pizza are fond... and fuzzy.After a long night of gambling, cigars, drinks, and thankfully winning, my friends and I were famished.  Unwilling to leave the sweet embrace of the casino we stumbled to pop up pizza, conveniently located near the slots.  I remember fried pickles.... and there not being enough, but they were tasty.We shared the Fremont.  Lots of veggies, lots of meet.  Super good.  It really hit the spot. Took a minutes to make, because they actually made it, so that was OK by us.Perfect late night snack.
5	Tonight I ordered from Pop Up Pizza for the first time. My coworker called in an order for pick up. We ordered "The Main St", which boasted special pepperoni & mozzarella flown in from Chicago. It cost $15.99 for an extra large 18". The pizza was DELICIOUS and also, P.U.P. stocked us up with paper plates, napkins, parmesan cheese and red pepper flakes. I will definitely be ordering pizza from there again. I checked out their website (popuppizzalv.com) and learned that they also sell their pizzas by the slice if you aren't wicked hungry (for The Main St a slice is $3.50). Good to know! In conclusion, I have had pizza all over the Vegas valley and I truly think that this is one of the best, if not the best pizzas I have had.
5	I was skeptical but it was some of the better tasting pizza I have eaten.
1	I called ahead for my chicken fingers and when I got there they hadn't started it at all. I asked the cashier if they had the vegan donuts and she didn't know what I was talking about. They were also out of ranch :(
4	Decided to finally stop by Pop Up Pizza on a random visit to downtown with the man this weekend. We parked at the completely opposite end of downtown as we had to stop by a vendor in Neonopolis and literally GPS'd the location from my phone (YES, we were on foot and YES, we are locals). Not sure whether it was the heat, the amount of walking, or the obnoxious crowds, but my hANGRIness set in about 1/4 into Fremont Street. I hadn't known it was located inside the plaza (despite my map going directly INTO the hotel, so we made one wrong turn before I called to ask where they were located. We ordered one of their specials--two slices of pizza and a large drink for 7something. I had the White Chapel and my man had the Plaza. I was pleasantly surprised as how crisp the crust was and how good it was. I've heard the comparison between Pop Up Pizza and Secret Pizza, and I must say it was pretty close. I still have to pay a few more visits here to try their red sauced pizzas and a fresh out of the oven pie. I am also anxious to try their other types of pizza as the White Chapel kind of lacked in the flavor department... Could've been the Ricotta cheese. Either case, this lover of excessive cheese on my pies, I cannot wait to return.
3	I have to say the pizza was surprisingly stellar but the cashier who took the order, couldnt even say hello or thank you.  The guy who handed me my order was super nice, made up for the bad service to begin with.
5	Their vegan pizza is awesome. They use Daiya cheese and have all kinds of delicious toppings on it.  It's called the Soho. They offer by the slice and whole pies. Thin New York style pizza. Open till 200 AM! Although I think they switch to only by the slice after around 11:00 PM. Their pizza saved the day a couple of times on my recent trip to Vegas. It's awesome that there are vegan options right in Downtown Vegas!!  Also, they are located inside The Plaza Hotel. We had trouble locating them the first time because we didn't know that.
5	This place is simply amazing! Where I work our  residents order constantly from here, including myself :) They are always super quick with delivery and Gus the delivery guy is by far the best delivery man in town! If you want amazing tasty pizza I would definitely recommend this place! FIVE STARS!
5	AMAZING PIZZA! I had the pleasure to try this place during my last trip to Vegas...Hands down best Pizza in town, and I'm from NYC, so I know my pizza!This cool spot offers a variety of delicious pizzas, I was really impressed by the quality and style of each of them! I would truly recommend this place if you are craving for excellent Pizza while you are in Vegas. The decor and the service were impeccable...plus they served delicious and succulent items like Parmesan garlic fries, what else to ask!!!A++++
5	I may have found my new Las Vegas Pizza obsession, and its Pop Up Pizza at the end of Freemont Street at the Plaza Hotel and Casino. For the past few years I have been addicted to the Secret Pizza at The Cosmopolitan, and this year I have cheated on it and now things will just never be the same between us. As a matter of fact Pop Up Pizza is so good that I ate its pie twice...in the same night....with only a few hours of rest and one rather loaded yard long pina colada to slow me down. What I thought was just going to be a one night stand turned into so much more. The crust so perfectly charred, so crispy and thin. The sauce so sweet, the topping so fresh, the cheese so creamy.  And they also give you a little something extra on the side. How about some hot sizzling action from the fryer. How about trying the pickle ? Deep fried and delicious served with creamy ranch. Or how about French fries with fresh minced Garlic and Parmesan ? Oh yes please. Give me more.  Sometimes I just need some variety in my life, a chance to experiment. Pop Up Pizza has a orgy of different pies to choose from including an exotic Vegan Pie.   So it is with a small amount of guilt that I must break off my relationship with the Cosmo Secret Pizza.  I hope we can still be friends,  but I have found a new love and I am moving on.  Thank you Pop Up Pizza...I am forever yours...faithfully.
5	As a newly converted vegan, this place TOTALLY hit the spot when my pizza cravings came in. It was deeeelllllliiiiiiissssshhhhhh!!! So so so good! AND, the vegan ice cream is freakin' amazing! SO happy I found this place!!!
3	Good pizza, horrible service.   They lost our ticket and after 30 mins I went to ask how much longer, the guy said 10 minutes, however it was later discovered they had never even put the pizza in the oven.  The entire staff on the night of my visit appeared confused.
5	I've never had vegan pizza before, but this was absolutely delicious! I'm glad I work downtown and this place is just a quick walk for my job.
4	A bit random having a pizza place inside a casino... But when you're up late in the middle of a bachelor party weekend, that's the perfect combination. The pizza-by-the slice is actually a bit expensive by my Canadian standards (I think a slice is like $4) but the pizza is great and the toppings are excellent. The cinnamon donut things and the garlic bread are both fantastic and much much cheaper.After chatting with the staff, we actually ended up buying all their remaining pizza (about two pies' worth) at closing time for $8. We even got a couple of free beers for giving away two slices to some homeless guy.
5	I wish there was a 6th star on here because this place would definitely get it!!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE this pizza!!! Ive had pizza in New york and it breaks my heart to say this but the Vegan Soho Pizza here supersedes Grimaldie's in Brooklyn! *Gasp* yes people what you heard!!!! Downtown Las Vegas has better Pizza than Brooklyn! So Next time your in Vegas take a small detour to Downtown and try this Pizza spot, you wont be sorry you did ;)!!!Happy Yelping!!
5	Best per slice pizza place in Vegas. Way better then secret pizza and no hike through the Cosmo. If you live downtown, they deliver, super fast! The white chapel and the fremont are amazing. Give this place a try if your on that side of downtown, you won't regret it!
3	this is inside the plaza hotel so if you park there its a $5.00 charge. the pizza was ok nothing special. i did like the fried pickles spears and the garlic fries, but not enough to make me go back. over all it is an average pizza joint.
2	First of all, the food wasnt great, the pizza was flat and flavorless. The customer service was AWFUL! We wanted to order 2 main st pizzas. The server said to us, in a nasty voice, there is only one piece. She asked the chef if there was any more coming out, he said no. I had to ask when there was going to be a new pizza. The wait was 15 mins. We waited and ordered 2 pieces of pizza, mozzarella sticks and parmasan  garlic fries. The garlic fries were doused in garlic and no parm. The mozzarella sticks were the only good thing about this experience. Except for the fact that we got back to the room before we noticed there wasn't any dipping sauce, or forks. When we went back for the sauce and forks the employees were standing in the middle of the dining room talking. None of them even glanced at us, and we were standing at the cash! The chef came out from the back and asked us what we needed after about 2 minutes. He obviously doesn't deal with customers often, but he was the only one that was willing to help. Worst service I've ever had at any restaurant I've ever been. Simply awful.
3	so gave this place a try. first off you have to pay$5 to park in garage. heads up you can only order slices or a XL pizza. they dont have other sizes. I also ordered the fried pickles. and some garlic fries. ok the pizza was ok,  thin and crispy and way to big for just 2 people, the fried pickles were great, not enough of them. the garlic fries were great too. so if you have a huge party and your downtown and dont mind the lame charge to park, then your good to go.
5	Came in for a late lunch on the hunt for some artisan pizza.  I found this place on yelp and other food blogs and have always heard great things, but I had to experience it myself.On the first floor of the Plaza Hotel was Pop Up Pizza.  It looked very nice and bright, very clean and sheik, with great art work displayed on the walls, two tv's, great music and it was packed with people.The first piece of pie that caught my eye was the Fremont because of the eggplant.  I loooove eggplant.  And the other piece I wanted to try was the Goodman which had potatoes as a topping, which was a something new for me.  And I also ordered a basket of garlic fries.  And to drink I was pleasantly surprised to find my all time favorite soda in the frige, Doc Brown's Cream Soda!!!  Hard to find, so I was shocked to see it here.  But this was a good sign that it was going to be a great meal.The Fremont was fantastic.  The eggplant was baked just right, and very tasty and went great with the sausage and peppers.  The crust and bread had a perfect balance between soft and crunchy which completed it all.The Goodman was great.  The potatoes were very flavorful and turned out to be a great topping on a pizza.  I would definitely have it again.Garlic fries were hot and fresh, fries were nice and crispy.  And of course, the Doc Brown's Cream Soda was refreshingly solid as always.Overall, it was great handmade gourmet pizza with reasonable prices, nice ambiance, good service, & Doc Brown's Cream Soda.  It's great quality food perfect for dinner, and fast enough for a quick lunch.  Definitely coming back.  This place could definitely become a regular stop.I also put a name in for the Black Horse in front.  Hope I win!
4	Vegan pizza is so good! Pizza by the slice and organic iced tea. Right inside of the plaza.
5	This place breaks all the rules.  Well my rules anyways.  Now that I live Downtown and there are so many choices my personal rule is to never try the same place twice.  Thats going to be hard here.  With all of the mom and pop style pizza places popping up here I didn't have high hopes for a joint right inside of a Casino.  It started when I made the phone call. The manager asked what time I would like the pizza ready by.  I imagine they try to time it perfect to assure the freshest possible pizza.  When I arrived the pizza just came out of the oven and as I was paying the manager greeted me with a warm smile.  I took the pizza home where my family was eagerly waiting.  The large is quite big but turns out it was not enough.  This place blew Radio city Pizza and Uncle Joes out of the water.  I hate to say it but wow.  The crust was perfection.  Im very surprised by this and Im still wowed by the service.  This is the place I will be taking friends from now on to show off how cool it is to live downtown
4	Living downtown, Pop Up Pizza has become our go-to pizza place (preferable to the much closer Radio City Pizza, but hey, Pop Up delivers, so it's all the same).They are vegetarian and vegan friendly with vegan soft-serve and pizza. Their plain cheese is basic but tasty and they have a number of specialty pizzas, as well. I like the Goodman, which is topped with potatoes!The garlic knots are amazing- do not skip them! While ordering delivery we were told we had to get a minimum of 10, which is a lot, but we ended up reheating them with leftover slices over the next few days and they were great even as leftovers! (I recommend freezing and then reheating for 10 minutes at 400 F.)Anyway, it's nice to have a decent pizza place to order from nearby; don't be fooled by its weird location in the Plaza, this is good pizza!
3	Tastes good!
5	I looooovvvveeee this place! Our go to pizza for sure. Try the meatball pizza is amazing as well as a good ol pep and sausage!
5	Undisputed best Pizza In Vegas at any price!!!  I just wish they had a location closer to my house so I could have it more often.
4	Pop Up Pizza is a great pizza place located in the Plaza. This is a good option if you are downtown and need to eat in a hurry, since it's right by the garage and the service is fast and efficient. It is decorated very nice, with faux Philippe Starck chairs and a life-sized horse art-piece named Fremont Filly. I tried the Newport, which has ricotta (a bit much for my taste), artichoke, peppers, eggplant spinach and mushroom. I also tried the Fremont, with mozzarella, Italian sausage, bacon pepperoni and roasted peppers and eggplant. One my visit, Gran, one of the owners, came over to see how evryhting was a give me a card with a free-delivery promo on it. All I need now is to find a group at work that wants to chip in for pizza!
5	Dear Pop Up Pizza,     I am writing you in regards, to apologize for I have tried another pizza joint. It was an honest mistake, i just wanted to try something different because we've had you so many times and you are SO delicious! I was just  curious to see if there might be something else delicious out there for delivery. I was wrong.... DEAD WRONG! Your late nights and gourmet toppings are everything that a person could want. I was silly, and ordered a pizza from a flyer that was left on my doorknob. One bite and i knew it wasn't meant to be. I  called and told the owner that I wasn't satisfied with my order, and he gave some despicable response including, " It;s just pizza, what do you expect?)",I expect tasty pizza, duh!". I just want to let you know that Pop-Up Pizza is not only  a delicious, late night food at a good price, but you are definitely fast and friendly, thank you.
5	Great Vegan Food! I love their caramelized onions- yummmm.
5	Super fresh, super yummy!  Crust is perfect, owners on site are  super friendly. Will be back next month.
3	Pizza by the slice right at the south end of Fremont Street in the remodeled Plaza Hotel Casino.  Open late too.
3	Great for a quick slice.  Vegetarian and vegan options.
2	Go to the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan!  There's a place called secret pizza and it is really good!  Pop Up Pizza is inside The Plazza Hotel and although it has a cute name and is inexpensive, it is about equivalent to Rays Pizza. We went there based on the 4 star reviews on yelp but after eating there I couldn't believe it was rated more than 2 stars.
5	The only bad thing about this place is that if you don't know where it is you will be looking for a bit ( it is in the Plaza ) asking people that work on Fremomt was almost pointless but once I found it and got my Slice for less than $5 Might add ,I Love Pizza and I will make this a regular stop when I'm in Vegas !
3	Pizza was okay, nothing to write home about. The slices are quite big, I was filled up on two of them. Free refills on the fountain drinks :D Service was not personal though very helpful. The pizza itself was super greasy and that was two different kinds. Would try again.
5	Came across this place after attending an Elvis festival on Freemont Street. Is located inside the Plaza Hotel.My friend sugested it as a great option to gran a quick bite with the kids, and I must say was I glad she did!  The pizza is amazing! We order a traditoonal pepperoni for the kiddos and I went with the newport which has spinach, artichokes, mushrrom and ricotta cheese and loved every bite of it. The portions are huge too which is always a plus and is priced very reasonable. I recommend ordering a whole pie(way cheaper) and you can take home the leftovers. The white chapel is another one of my favorites!  Another big plus is their service, the employees are super nice and willing to acomodate you(very refreshing for a place inside a casino). All in all a great addition to the Downtown revitalization and one more lunch option for those like me that work downtown. So next time you go to the Freemon street experience make sure you check out POP UP PIZZA you can thank me later.
5	I was pleasantly surprised. Despite being in a shabby casino, this place delivered great food and service.  The pizza was great, and they are one of the few places that understand that a salad in not a wedge of lettuce and a half slice of tomato.  In fact, their salad is full of olives, tomatoes, and other deliciousness.  The tables on site are barebones, but great for taking to your room or a quick bite.
5	Had a whole Pep pizza and it was really good.  I was also surprised to find out that they will deliver to the strip (all the way to the MGM Grand from what I was told).  I will definitely order from them again.  Really good.
4	I am a pizza maven who grew up with east coast style pizza.  I am still searching for the perfect New York Pie.Pop Up Pizza makes a very good pie. (Yes, east coasters call it a pie.)  it is 18' so one pie will feed 5-8 people as 1-2 slices will fill almost anyone.  The toppings are great, the pepperoni is from Chicago and large flavorful slices instead of those microsliced ones you get on chain pizza.  The bacon was real and crisp.  There is a ton of flavor in their sauce and maybe just a touch too much oregano.  There is a lot of garlic but I like that.  The Chicken Strips are very good but be careful, the ranch has a garlic flavor to it and many don't like that.The delivery person was very friendly and only had good things to say about the pizza place letting me know they get many repeat customers.The fries aren't my favorite.  A bit soggy.  But they are healthier tasting than fast food.I enjoyed the pizza and will definitely try more.  They have some interesting combinations.  The downside is they do not offer a lot of choices for the make your own pizza. (no pineapple or ham).
4	Yay! Vegan pizza and soft-serve in the downtown area. My only issue is being open to the smokey casino floor and clang of the one armed bandits
4	Whoa. Did I just find some decent peez in LV? Thank you, Baby Jesus!!Pop Up manages to turn out pies with a thin, crunchy crust and a flavorful cheese/sauce combo. That's really all there is to 'za (makes you wonder how so many people screw it up). Bonus:  The pepperoni on the Main St. is arguably better than the average pepp slice you would get in NY. Tons of flavor.The set specialty slices they have are a bit all over the place (I find each slice to have one odd ingredient), but if you have a few peeps with you, order a custom pie and make it your own. The only real negative I have is that a few of the pies they had out looked like they were sitting there for a while. Always a downer to see that.The location is odd, sure, but worth a visit if you need a quick bite while on Freemont. While it's not quite at full east coast pizzeria level yet, if they start putting together some sicilian and grandma slices out, I could def give it the 5-star nod. Pro tip: Don't lean on the horse.
3	Good service here, the cashier is professional and quick to help you. The pizza this time around had been sitting a while I believe because the last time it was too hot to eat right away; this time one piece was warm and the other was room temperature. Call me crazy, but I found this to be a good thing as the pizza was not nearly as greasy.
5	Great find!     We needed a quick fix before heading over to a late show.  This place was great.    Cashier was very polite and professional and pizza chefs were very helpful.   Good pizza - loved the Vegan cheese.   We will be back.
4	2nd visit here, I'll be back. Can't go wrong with a NY style pepperoni slice. Decent price, quick service. Yay! I'm a fan.
5	Best pizza in Vegas!
5	Pop Up Pizza is the shit. Now I did not get any pizza this review is for the chicken tenders and the service. I stayed at the Plaza this past week and found this little gem the last night we were there. Wish I would have found it earlier. I ordered the 20 piece chicken tenders for bf and I to share and was happily surprised at the price of about $18 with tax. We got them plain with buffalo and teriyaki sauce on the side. The man who was taking our order was super helpful and patient while we tried to decide what to order. Our order was ready in about 10 minutes and was fresh and hot. The tenders were a decent size and the sauces that accompanied them were good as well. The ranch is homemade and bomb.com. I am very picky about ranch and this one was up to par. We had lots of chicken leftover i just wish we had a damn refrigerator we could have put them in to eat the next day, but that was no fault of PUP. Im excited to go back and try their pizza.
5	Nothing bad about this place.  Quality food with quality service.  I will be back soon.
5	This is the best pizza downtown! The best pizza within a twenty -- nay, Thirty! -- kilometer radius! Take out your fucking valley map, with accompanying protractor, and try to prove me wrong. *waves fist* I want to take this opportunity to send a direct message to the Edwin P. of the past: The present-day Edwin is very disappointed in your previous 3* review of this magnificent business. When time travel is discovered, developed, and made reasonably priced and safe, the future Edwin will come back to visit you and beat the shit out of you. Word is bond. Praise Science. The Plaza is delicious: my absolute favourite. The Harris is bombastically bombdiggity as well. The Oscar makes me want to be Irish. The SoHo has grown on me (especially reheated: I believe the trick is the reheat [Pro Tip]). The Fremont is a bit schizophrenic (like me!). I have never tried the 18B or A or whatever the fuck pepperoni is called. This is all off the top of my head, assholes! Order the number one combo and get two slices -- Any slices! -- and a drink for 8.64$, tax included. Dude, the drink is refillable. Refillable! What else do you need? I said: What else do you need!I come here too much. I need help. - E Postscript. An administrative note: although Pop Up takes credit and debit cards now, AMEX is not accepted. Someone should have told you long ago: AMEX sucks.
4	Being from New York, I'd say I know a thing or two about pizza. So when I say this place has a decent New York style slice, it should count for something. The vegan pizza was so satisfying and "cheesy". The white pizza was equally good. I would not recommend the garlic parm fries to anyone with any hopes of getting lucky. It is that potent and no one will want to breath near you. I was slightly disappointed that their soft serve machine wasn't working. I could have used a cup of vegan ice cream.
4	Although "Take Out" was a bit of a challenge, for valet at the Plaza is never quick and I had to pay to park on the street down a ways on Main Street, the pizza exceeded expectations.  I am not a pizza connoisseur, but this was great!  I also got some chicken tenders for some kids in our group....OMG!  They were even better than the pizza.  Big, a good batter, seasoned right, a delicious moist chicken.  Who knew!  We also got an order of the fried pickles and these were great.  Instead of the ones that are like a pickle chip, these are the entire lengthwise quarter section of the pickle.  Very very tasty and a nice accompaniment to our order.
4	Good prices. Good NY pizza. Fast. Good selection of slices with cool toppings. Easy to stop in if you're walking on Fremont. Bottom line: don't drive across town for this one, but it's a good stop if you're on foot in the area.
5	The goodman is awesome!!! Staff very friendly. We drove from So Cal, craving a slice of the goodman. When we got to the counter, they didn't have a goodman pie made, but willingly made one for us!!! That's why we love this place!  Pop up never disappoints!!!!
5	5+ stars!Inside the Plaza. I went here with very low expectations and was totally blown away.Super Super Really good flavor!  Vegan pizza, organic drinks, holy cow. Oh me oh my. Oh yes!!!
4	My sister has been talking my ear off about how BOMBdotCOM Pop Up Pizza is. One night we found ourselves being hipsters on Fremont East. What's more hipster than Vegan Pizza (craft vegan microbrews, but I digress), I opened up my faithful Yelp app and saw that PUP was open until 2 AM, we decided to part ways with our friends around 1:15 AM and found ourselves at PUP around 1:30 AM.Seeing as it was the wee hours, they only had two slices of the Soho their vegan pie that has won my sister over and her bragging rights to what's hip in the food area (which is my usual bragging rights - sibling rivalry never dies). So we got one slice of the Soho and one slice of the Newport.The Newport is ricotta, artichoke, peppers, eggplant, spinach and mushrooms topped with a garlic infused olive oil. IT was delicious, not overly decadent and tasted really fresh (which is important). I hate when a pizza joint has canned anything on it. I was impressed. I devoured that first slice. Then, I ventured on to the Soho. Vegan mozzarella, spinach, mushrooms, artichoke, and roasted bell peppers... I sized this bad boy up... Then I took a bite. How the heck is the VEGAN pizza soooo damn good and better than the NON-VEGAN options? IT WAS OFF THE CHARTS, y'all. I see why my sister was so sad that they only had two slices (for each of us)left. Needless to say, I cannot wait to go be a hipster downtown and end my night with a slice of vegan pie.Well done, Pop Up Pizza. You've won me over. I'll be hghi-fiving yo' pie soon!
5	Their SOHO pizza...the vegan pizza, is so delicious!  I'm not vegan and I don't like vegetables on my pizza.  But the soho pizza is bomb.  Try it!It's located inside the Plaza Hotel (lobby) at the end of Downtown Fremont (past the D Hotel).  I love my pizza and this one is worth making the trip!
4	Items Selected:The Main Street - Sauce, Mozzarella, PepperoniThe White Chapel - Mozzaella, Ricotta, Roasted Garlic Oil, Sauteed SpinachGarlic KnotCinnamon Bombolini with CreamWhile New Yorkers or the New York-centric seemingly love to tout the excellence of the "slice," it can only be said that I don't get it - a greasy pile of low quality pepperoni on overly sweetened sauce topped with cheap cheese supported by a foldable, dull crust simply is not my idea of pizza and no matter how many try to defend their favorite slice shops or memories of slurping down a 99 cent hunger stop-gap at 2am the fact of the matter is that most of it is no better than Sbarro...a few exceptions noted...and one of them right here in Las Vegas.  Dubbed "Pop-Up Pizza" by the folks at downtown's Plaza hotel and located just off the gaming floor Pop-Up is not a pop up in any true sense of the word, but rather a traditional appearing joint with white tiles, limited seating, and gas ovens behind a selection of pre-made and fresh pies ready to be fired (or re-fired) plus a few bonus items and with expedited but friendly service it provides a veritable bargain; my total bill coming to $9.47 before tip and delivered to my hands in less than five minutes.  Beginning first with the 'extras,' both the supple garlic knot and delicate brioche-style donuts with truly impressive house made sweet cream would prove to be quite well made at 50 cents each and moving on to the pizza itself I'll simply offer a 'bravo' to the persons in charge of sourcing and the team arranging the pies as each component came together beautifully - the sauce tangy but not sweet, the garlic aromatic but not overwhelming the fresh spinach, and the cheese of a whole-milk variety full of flavor and not with oil while the crust, still foldable, had good crunch but ample chew neither adding or detracting from the composition.  Still not even remotely close to the quality of many artisan pies but a step in the right direction, particularly for the slice-shop genre, and offering delivery throughout Sin City I still can't say I 'get it' but for those looking for an improved take on the nostalgia of childhood, or drunken nights in Manhattan, this is about as good as it gets.
5	Pizza Cat decides to pop-in to Pop Up Pizza.  She was already going to her new favorite pizza joint (pssst, it's down the street) but she decided to give Pop Up pizza a try after reading Michael U's reviews (sidenote, Michael U can get Pizza Cat to try anything, even cow dung).Well, Michael U did not disappoint, Pop Up Pizza is worth the hype. Pizza Cat says it's a damn good pizza 4 to 4.5 stars. Thin, New York style, with good smattering of quality toppings and a decent sauce, with yummy, stretchy cheese. She got a slice of the Main St (pepperoni), a slice of Newport pizza ( Dollops of ricotta, roasted artichoke, peppers, eggplant, spinach and mushrooms topped with a garlic infused olive oil) and the Soho (Vegan mozzarella, spinach, mushrooms, artichoke, and roasted bell peppers). Pizza Cat will be honest, it is not the best pizza, she had better dough and sauce, But she thinks it's a 5 star pizza joint because the overall vibe is awesomeness. The place is really cool. The Newport, which has no mozza, was really good. The veggies were fresh and tasty. The Soho impressed her the most. Pizza Cat ordered it, secretly wanting to make fun of a vegan pizza, but she was surprised to find it delicious and get this.... HEALTHY PIZZA. Michael U, would be so proud, but Pizza Cat won't tell him that she only took a bite of the two slices but finished off the Main St, a greasy mess of pepperoni goodness. Main Street was good, but then again, there's no such thing as a bad pepperoni pizza.The place is really cute. The slices were ready to go and Pizza Cat was happily surprised that her order did not take more than 10 mins. The price point is another +1. Her three slices, which will feed her for the rest of the day, only cost $12.11. They were huge slices filled with quality ingredients. Overall, Pop Up Pizza is a great stop. Downtown is turning into a great place for a pizza crawl.
4	Love the pizza here, great quick snack when you dont wanna do a loong meal and just want to get back to gambling and/or drinking.
4	The pizza was great, and on its own would be deserving of 5 stars. The sides however were disappointing. They also messed up our order and included an incredibly burned garlic knot. When my boyfriend went down to pick up the sides they had forgotten, they gave us extra which was nice. I would definitely have their pizza again but would skip their sides.
4	Oooooh, this is good pizza!I have got a ton of pizza spots bookmarked and rarely get to them. Mainly because I've really got to be in the mood for it and that doesn't happen often. Pop Up was one of those times that being in the mood for pizza was a good thing!Pop Up is located in the Plaza Hotel just to the right when you exit from the parking garage elevators. It's a fairly small spot but not hard to see at all. All the pizzas are pre-made and displayed at the front for re-heating, unless requested otherwise. I went with a slice of The White Chapel and a slice of The Harris Meatball Pie. Even after being reheated, the crust here is fanfriggintastic. If you want to fold it, go ahead...but you're not forced to do so to avoid a sloppy mess all over your hands. In my opinion, it was the perfect texture/consistency, whatever you want to call it, for a pizza crust. The toppings are great too and they aren't skimpy with them either! I'm assuming some of these pizzas may sit here a while sometimes but all the toppings were fresh and full of flavor. Plus, how can you complain about a pizza that's described as being topped with "dollops" of ricotta?! I know I can't.If you're in the Plaza for whatever reason, this is definitely worth the stop! The prices are great too...for 3 slices of pizza, 3 drinks and some garlic knots, we only spent about $18. Pop Up Pizza, you will be seeing me again!
3	This was good enough if you happen to be nearby and want some quick food, but is definitely not worth going out of your way for.  The pizza toppings were of a fairly good quality and the crust was good enough, but none of it really stood out and just doesn't warrant more than an OK rating from me.
2	Out of all the pizza places in DTLV, I decided on Pop Up for our office lunch because of it's 4.5 star rating and the fact that they deliver when Papa Johns doesn't.Our order ($53): 2 pizzasHouse Salad with ranch instead of Italian4 extra ranch (charged extra for each)Our order took an hour and 15 minutes to get to us, even though the Plaza is only 3 blocks away from our office. I probably could have walked to pick it up quicker than it was delivered. The pizza was...luke warm and the crust was very tough to bite through. It didn't taste awful, but it's not as good as the reviews made it out to be. The salad? It was tossed in Italian dressing and didn't even include any ranch on the side. And speaking of ranch dressing, we only got 3 out of the 4 we ordered!The quality of food, lack of attention to our order and time it took to have it delivered were very disappointing. Definitely won't be ordering from here again.
5	I have eaten here many times and high expectations and each time it is exceeded my remembrance of how great it is...This is coming from someone that didn't like pizza until later on in life and still now I am somewhat critical of pizza.
5	I was on Fremont Street and was pretty hungry. I love pizza so when I saw that this was near, I had to try it.  I'm glad I did.  The pizza was GOOD!  Definitely recommend this place!
3	Decent pizza, decent price, terrible location and dining setup. Apparently this is a Vegan Hipster Mecca, and while I did not have the vegan slice I will say it sounded interesting enough to try. I found myself to be merely satisfied with the Main Street and marginally more so with the Fremont. Neither was worth a repeat trip. Unless you are a Vegan Hipster in which case run, don't walk.
4	Ordered a takeout pizza here one night after finding another place we wanted to go was closed already. Not so easy to find the place (inside the lobby of the Plaza) and nowhere to really park but it ended up being pretty good.We ordered the "5th Street" and it was pretty tasty. Kinda NY style pizza, a good large pie as well. I would recommend this place to anybody wanting a good tasting pie.
4	Im hungry. Lets see what pops up on my bookmarks. Well, would you look at that. Pop Up Pizza just happens to be about 3 blocks away.First off, the place is located inside The Plaza Hotel and Casino. You can park in the Plaza parking lot for 5 bucks cash only (free for those that are gold or platinum or whatever card you need that the sign says at the gate). Dont worry though, keep your parking receipt, have the attendant at PUP stamp your parking receipt after you pay for your food, and then take that stamped receipt to the cashier at the cashier cage about 50 yards away so they can give you your 5 bucks back.As you go up to the counter, you can see garlic knots and all the pizza that is available for purchase by the slice. If you refer to my pic, they have this combo menu right on counter. You have 6 options. I picked combo number 1 which is any two slices and a large soda for 7.99. I selected a slice of the Harris Meatball Pie and the Fremont.The Harris Meatball Pie: Mozzarella, classic Italian meatballs, caramelized onions, olives and topped with fresh basil. Nuff said.The Fremont: Mozzarella, Italian sausage, bacon, pepperoni, roasted peppers, and roasted eggplant. Again, nuff said.The only negatives I observed is that when you park in the Plaza parking lot, you gotta walk past the Greyhound bus station. That place in itself is a whole other review. http://www.yelp.com/biz/greyhound-bus-lines-las-vegas#query:greyhound%20bus%20stationAlso, where the seating area is for PUP is basically in the wide open portion of the casino itself, meaning that whatever secondhand smoke is lingering around will give your pizza the smoke flavoring that you dont want.Some random info: I was told there was free wifi but I couldnt get it to work for me. The domain is popup pizza. The password is popuppizza1. They are open daily from 11 am to 2 am for you guys that have the munchies late at night.In closing, I think their thin crust pizza is pretty good. Its just the 5 dollar parking that you eventually get back, the scenic route to PUP, and the unwanted added secondhand smoke flavoring to my pizza that kind of ruins the moment.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #94
4	I have seen their huge boxes here and there, had certain pies (namely their vegan option) recommended by friends, but until last night I had been missing out!My fiancee and I ordered "The Plaza", a white pie (garlic, olive oil, mozzarella) with dollops of fluffy ricotta, crumbles of Italian sausage, and sweet strips of roasted red peppers. Amazing! AMAZING! We are lucky enough to live in delivery range so I took advantage. Our pie arrived hot, ahead of the estimated time, and the delivery fella was friendly! Win. Win. Win.This place has the best NY style pie downtown. Do not bother with the Johnny-come-lately imitation. Viva la Pop Up!
4	Wow, am I glad that this pizza place decided to 'Pop Up'!  Totally gives Downtown LV a good place to get some decent pie!  Finally got around to eating at Pop Up Pizza the weekend The Plaza had the Hot Wheels Super Convention in town.  Hot Wheels?  Toys?  Pizza?  Can't get much better than that!  Well, if I was rich it would have made it a bit better.Seriously, Pop Up Pizza is one of the better places to get a bite.  I love me my Hawaiian eats and such, but sometimes you wanna get away from cheap prime rib, teri chicken bowls and oxtail soup, and just opt for something lighter.  Easier to digest.  This will fit the bill nicely!Pop Up Pizza is like lots of other pie joints in town, got a display area for ready to go slices, or you can just order off the menu and wait for your pie to be made.  If I was with the family, no doubt we would have gone the order a fresh pie route.  Since it was just me that day (with a few limited edition toys in my other hand) I decided to get a few slices to go.  Luckily their #1 combo of any two slices and a drink for $7.99 was right up my alley.  I have no problem with reheating pizza in the oven for a few minutes as long as the pie hasn't been sitting there for TOO long.  Of all the slices I wanted to try (and the list was long), I opted for the ones that weren't dried over.As luck would have it I managed to get two of their top choices.  And wouldn't you know, I almost went damn near Vegan!  I ended up with slices of:#The Newport - Ricotta, roasted artichoke, peppers, eggplant, spinach, and mushrooms with garlic olive oil#The Soho (uber popular by Hippies & Tree Huggers alike..I kid, I kid) - Vegan mozzarella, spinach, mushrooms, artichoke, and roasted bell peppersAfter a few minutes in the oven to reheat, and a drink filling, I was on my way out the door!  But...I caught a whiff of my goodies and just couldn't resist.  Walked back to the dining area of Pop Up Pizza and popped open that box.  Oh the joy!This was seriously some great pie!  The Newport was yummy, full of veggies, a nice serving of cheese, hint of sauce (good sauce by the way), and a still crunchy but not soggy on top crust.  And was I surprised by The Soho!  Delicious, delicious, delicious.  The Vegan mozzarella didn't taste Vegan at all, had good melt.  With the veggies and the light crust, I had no problem finishing this off.  Imagine, me, a meal with no meat!  And I was satisfied!  I can see some of they hype with the Vegan pie.  Good show Pop Up Pizza!Only downer for me?  P-E-P-S-I.  Ugh!  I just feel Pepsi products are too strong to go with any type of pizza!  But that's just me being biased to Coca-Cola.  There is a reason why 'Coke is it'!  But this is just a minor inconvenience.  I'll just sit at a machine and order a BEER.  You can bet I will be back to Pop Up Pizza anytime I can get myself to actually go Downtown.  I do want to try some of their other pies and maybe sample some of their Garlic Knots (I'm a sucker for anything overly garlicky).So glad you guys decided to POP UP!
3	Good pizza, good service and decent prices by the slice! I think a lot of the hype surrounding this place is that they have vegetarian/vegan options. I decided to join the club and try a slice with eggplant and ricotta cheese. While it was good, it wasn't anything to write home about. It is convenient if you're staying in the Plaza though (which we were), and open late.
5	We got delivery again tonight, and it was super fast! We went with a half cheese half pepperoni pie, the garden salad, and 10 buffalo wings. The two of us barely ate half! The wings were big and cooked just right, and though I was not expecting a breading they were crispy and delicious. The pizza was perfect, one of the best NY style pies you will find in town without a doubt. The salad was the show stopper though! Roasted artichoke hearts, shredded parmesan, grape tomatoes, kalamata olives, thin and lightly applied onion, crisp romaine, all dressed with a basic Italian that reminded me why I love Italian dressing. I could have just eaten that and been happy, but it was honestly big enough for the two of us to share as our side. Best pizza option downtown, folks. Just wish they'd switch to Coca Cola products!
5	The Plaza is quickly turning into my favorite place to be a degenerate. I love the new William Hill Sportsbook and they have plenty of high tops, so you can eat a hot slice of Pop Up Pizza while enjoying the NBA Finals, all for less than $20. Score! That being said.... I'm going to keep the 5-stars for Pop Up but my second visit here was a real downer. It wasn't bad, I just had a really good first visit but I don't think I like this place as much as my first review leads you to believe. I got a slice of the Goodman (Mozzarella, caramelized onions,roasted mushrooms, spinach, and red potato) and it was not good. At all. There's thick slices of potato on the pizza. WTF? I don't know if they're starting to skimp on the topping, but I averaged about half a spinach leaf per slice. It's just a bland, yucky pizza. Next was a slice of the White Chapel (White pie with mozzarella and ricotta cheese, roasted red bell peppers and Italian sausage). It was a decent white pie, but really, nothing special. I can name a handful of places that do white pizza so much better. The lack of sauce makes it bland. **In conclusion, order the Main St. (best pepperoni in Las Vegas, if not the world), the Newport and the Soho (vegan pizza). Chow that baby down while watching your favorite sports team. Then if you want some more protein, walk over to the other side of the casino to get some chicken wings from Zaba's. They have some awesome wings for $1 a piece. Throw back a cold one and enjoy. **This is Vegas living right here, baby.
4	First time trying vegan pizza and I give it two thumbs up. Very crispy thin crust and full of veggys also NOT lacking any flavor. The vegan pizza was very flavorful I would definitely order again.
4	Just experienced the best customer service from this place! We had ordered a pizza and the fried pickles for delivery. Unfortunately, the delivery guy didn't have the fried pickles with him, so he said he would refund my money. It really wasn't that big of a deal because 1) the pizza was huge, so we really didn't need them anyway. 2) they were only $3.99. Fast forward 2 hours, our doorbell rang and it was the delivery guy with our fried pickles AND two slices of pizza! Will definitely order from them again because of this experience :)
1	Left me upset enough to create a yelp account. customer service is just important to me as food. I can't really comment on the food but I wanted to share my experience using their delivery service. I found this place here on yelp. Looking forward to finding a new place for pizza. I place my order online. I was called within minutes to confirm the order, they told me it was going to be an hour. I said no problem and waited.. after an hour nobody showed up.. I called to get a status. They simply said sorry its already out for delivery. Thinking it may show up any minute I waited.... another 30 mins later still nothing. Im only a mile away. Called again same ol story they gave me an insincere apology, which is why I didn't want to wait any longer. Im starving and can't leave because they are still on the way... maybe?? With making no effort to earn a new customer just seem they rather get me off the phone to take more orders. Having to repeatedly call with no kinda real info or eta when ill ever get my food. I canceled my order and went to find somewhere else to eat. Which defeated the reason why I wanted delivery. If I had knew it would be this frustrating or this long I wouldn't have ordered. They are quick to charge my card but getting food another story. Im sure they have wonderful food but ill never know. They have left a bad taste in my mouth. So if you give them a chance don't make it for delivery.
5	Wow. This was a pleasant surprise. Oven crisp crust and delicious cheese plus interesting topping combinations. Also vegans- there was a vegan cheese pizza. And to top it off, the service was friendly and good.
5	Probably the best fast food/food court pizza I've ever had, especially if you're comparing to the likes of Sbarro or Villa. I usually only come here when I'm at the Plaza, which isn't often, but I always forget that this place is in here! You can order whole pizzas or choose from the slices they have siting on the counter, which they will throw in the oven for you when you order. I recommend getting the 2 slice and drink combo for $7.99 which is an excellent value for what you're getting. The last time I was here I got a slice of pepperoni and a slice of the Plaza which had Italian sausage, ricotta cheese and sweet peppers and mmmmm it was so nom nom good. Can't go wrong with this place and they're open until 2 am which is perfect for those late nights on Fremont St if you can remember this place is there
4	Vegan options in downtown Vegas!!! Pizza was super tasty and the service was pretty decent. Half way through baking my pie they remembered that I only wanted mushrooms on half, so they took it out of the oven and picked them off.  Kind of weird, but whatever.  Nice gesture, but paws off my pizza! Lol.
5	Seriously the best pizza I've ever had! I'm gonna be so sad when I go back to California and can't have it:(
4	We were in Vegas for a night and, well, we are on a budget. Not fun - I know! We found popup on Yelp and had to ask directions to get through the casino to find it (not uncommon in Vegas, but it is weird to an outsider to eat pizza inside a casino)I love that all the pizzas are laid out in all their visually-appealing, drool-worthy glory... I want to eat them all! The girl behind the counter was able to make recommendations otherwise we would probably still be sitting there trying to decide what to eat. We got fries too and they were yummy.Give it a go - its a cheap eats option super close to the nighttime madness on Freemont St.
2	Was here during punk rock bowling, found out they had vegan pizza, figured I would give it a go. The pizza itself was ok (I'm from NY, I have high standards!). But my complaint is that I placed an order online, waited 45 minutes like it said I should before heading over there to pick it up. So I get there and they didn't even begin making my food because they didn't get a ding or whatever. So I had to sit and wait for my food to be made. I was a little irked when nothing was even knocked off my bill and that they were clearly giving an attitude and talking about my order in spanish while I was standing right there. Talk about feeling uncomfortable! I would give it a try again because the food was alright, but I'm calling before I head over next time.
2	Honestly, I didn't even remember that I went here until this popped up on my homepage.  My husband & I were on Fremont having some drinks & wanted something to eat so I guess we somehow wandered in here.  All I can remember about this place was it was so crazy greasy & I didn't enjoy it at all which says a lot because usually when you're drinking ANYTHING tastes great! Meh.
1	The food is really great. It is a major shame that this staff cannot get their accuracy and guest recovery in line.. or this would not be my last review. They have made mistakes on the last six of my orders from them, typically overcharging me by a few dollars (the doozy was an instance of my charge being inflated by $10 after I authorized and signed for it.. Wells Fargo had a field day with that one).I should have learned, but now I have. Pop Up, you have lost my business forever, and I live mere blocks from your location.
5	been looking for a crust like this in Vegas and this is the best!!! always great service, consistently great pizza...... interesting combos! best value is to order a whole pie! Best in Vegas by far!!! We drive from Henderson for this pizza.  It's the best thin crust pizza around....... Thin, yest still crisp! Yum.....
1	Came for the vegan pizza on Wednesday night and none available.  If you are going to advertise vegan than please offer it.
2	Im trying to figure out exactly what people are tasting when they come here that's so great. This is a glorified cardboard box with cheese on it. In their defense I had the Vegan pizza. I'm my defense my tooth almost broke. It was so hard, tasteless, and over priced.
3	**UPDATE: the manager of Pop Up reached out to me with apologies and sent over a free pizza for my troubles, so it seems like they are trying to get it together better. The pizza is still awesome, but I recommend asking for extra sauce these days, as the pies seem on drier side.ORIGINAL REVIEW: So, I would like to leave a split review here. I love the pizza, but I am continually disappointed with the organizational abilities of this place. They seem to have a really difficult time understanding pizza orders beyond their signature pizzas, especially if you want some things on the whole pizza but also some different things on each half. Then tonight I tried to place an order for delivery, but no one answered the phone during the hour I tried calling. Thinking maybe they are just really busy, I tried their online ordering system. The order went in (and sent a charge to my credit card) and said the pizza would arrive in 45 minutes. An hour later I tried calling again to see if they got the order, but still no one answered. I called the hotel to try reaching them by their extension, but I only got voicemail. I left a message, requesting someone call me and confirm my pizza was coming. An hour after that (involving several more attempts to call them), I ordered a pizza from somewhere else. The whole situation is absurd. The pizza is really good, though.
1	WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.So I had to do a  quick order via phone since I was short on time and had to come up with something for a work potluck. I spoke to this chick who took my order and then transferred my call to the delivery guy to figure out delivery time.They took my order, got my credit card information, but NEVER told me how much my order costed me. Initially when I asked they said they had to call me back in 15mins because they are not at the register or something. They called me back --still didn't tell me how much it costed me in their voicemail saying that I had to confirm the order so they could deliver it. So I called back to confirm the order and then when I asked how much the total was, the dude just kept on saying that he doesn't remember it on top of his head because he had already left the store.Come to find out on upon delivery that 2 pizzas costed me over $50!!!! Ridiculous!The dude just showed up with the 2 pizza boxes and the receipt of what they had charged on my card for me to sign.I still went ahead and paid for it, but could not get over the fact that I feel so ripped off and scammed. My coworkers told me how crazy I was for still paying for it, but I told them, "NEVER AGAIN".People who work at this place need to be trained more, for real.I will make  a formal complaint about this to the business bureau because this just isn't right.
4	Being lactose intolerant sucks. Being out and about late night while also being lactose intolerant sucks even more. "Hey, let's all get pizza!" "Hey, why don't you die in a fire, you scoundrel?" The addition of Pop Up Pizza to the Plaza Hotel helps avoid such confrontations. The Soho and the vegan soft serve are great late night treats for the Fremont wanderer.My only criticism would be that there is only one vegan pizza option available by the slice and they don't mix up the recipe like Whole Foods does. Sure, you can custom order a whole pie, but the internet was invented by Al Gore for the purpose of complaining. Look it up.
3	If I had to get pizza in downtown, it would be from here. It's in the Plaza.
5	Ordered pizza for a group of 15 from Pop Up. I agree with other Yelpers... organization doesn't seem to be their specialty here because the order over the phone seemed to take at least 15-20 minutes. However, staff on the phone were pleasant, pizza arrived when they said it would arrive, and delivery guy met me outside the Golden Nugget where I was staying. Despite the long over the phone order, I thought the service was pretty good!  And the pizza was REALLY good!! Slices are huge. My group enjoyed the pizza and we had tons left over for the next day. I'd order from this place again, but I'd definitely allow at least an hour to place the order and have it arrive in time for dinner. Yum!
1	Old pizza sits on shelf with no visible heat lamps , is put back in the oven to reheat. When I asked how long the pizza had been sitting " we are not allowed to sell pizza that will make you sick " ..... While here, a customer had called to cancel an order and they were told that the pizza had already left the store when in fact it was barley coming out of the oven.  SHADY .....
4	I've been here a few times and their white pizza is one of my favorites. My boss is strictly vegan and he often brings the office Pop Up's vegan pizza and let me tell you, for a pizza without actual cheese, this one is hella bomb. My only complaint about this place would be that every time I've come here and have wanted to try their vegan froyo, they are always out :( I will be staying at the Plaza soon for the Life is Beautiful festival and you best believe that although the festival will have an abundance of food, I will definitely be stopping by here for a slice or two.
4	I live one mile from this place, 1am, don't want too drive, don't want to walk, called, they won't deliver where I live???? Strike one. Ordered, drove to pick it up, no parking, finally got inside and charged me a tip without my consent, strike two.Got home to eat food was delicious wings where pretty good too. Great place to eat if your walking and paying with cash.
5	I just got my pizza delivered at 1 am; they were 8 minutes early! The delivery guy had an Italian accent and was nice and nice looking! Let me just say that I have found my new guilty pleasure here in Vegas, Baby!!!! This pizza is awesome!!! The crust is uber-thin, greasy, but not gross greasy, a nice greasy, with the perfect amount of cheese and pepperoni. Oh, man, DELISH!!! Thank you, Pop Up, for the fast service and the satisfaction to my midnight craving!
5	This pizza is the best. It's three days later and I'm still thinking about it.  If you have enough people and about 15 mins order a whole pizza freshly made. Oh wow! We got Half classic pepperoni and other half their special sausage and bell pepper with fancy cheese. Get some garlic knuckles tide you over while you wait if you're that hungry.  Yum! Can't wait to eat another!!!
3	Wandering around Fremont, my friend and I needed, yes needed, a slice of pizza cap off our night.We stopped by Pop Up Pizza, she ordered a slice of meatball with kalamata olives and onions and I ordered the eggplant with sausage, pepperoni and red peppers. They were warmed up quickly and I enjoyed the toppings and the dough was solid too, but I had hoped it would be cooked a little more evenly. My friends was nicely cooked and had a nice char, but mine was on the doughy side.Overall, I enjoyed my pizza, but found the dough to be a little inconsistent.
4	The Vegan, pepperoni and mushroom, chicken stripsAfter a long night of dancing, walking, alcoholic beverages, and glow sticks, we ended up in this place chess board looking place. It was the most fantastic pizza slices I've had in Vegas. We had the Vegan which is topped with eggplant, artichoke, mushrooms, spinach, and so forth, so flavorful, so much veggie goodness. We also had the Pepperoni and Mushroom which was my boyfriends absolute favorite (probably mine too if he let me have more than a bite). We also shared some chicken strips that came with fries. Trust me it was not because we were drunk, but we were devouring this food, wanting more even though we were stuffed. It was simply delicious!Service is decently quick, I mean they put your slice in the oven the moment you ask for it which is very convenient. I also love the horse statue!
5	This pizza is really good!! If you think otherwise then forget u. This is NY style pizza at its finest!!
4	Hands-down the best pizza I've had in vegas... I go to the plaza just for the Pizza... The only downside is are not open for breakfast... I wish they were.... The only other place for breakfast is Hash House a go go that place sucks... I know they have a food court... But it's not quality.... Pop up is awesome...
3	After having this place bookmarked for months, I finally made it by on a Sunday afternoon- perfect to find free street parking and walk on in, avoiding the hassle of a paid lot and validation and such (see Roger's tip for that info).Maybe it's because I waited so long, maybe quality has gone down, I have no idea. All I know is that tons of my Yelp friends raved about this place and slapped down five stars and I was a bit underwhelmed. Opted for the Newport (ricotta, artichoke, peppers, eggplant, spinach and mushrooms topped with a garlic infused olive oil) and the Soho (Vegan mozzarella, spinach, mushrooms, artichoke, and roasted bell peppers)-- both were heated to order, boxed up to go, and helpfully accompanied by packets of peppers and cheese.I found the Newport to only have a single dollop of ricotta, but liked the roasted veggies. Did not taste any garlic infused olive oil though, and I love garlic. The Soho simply taught me that I do not like vegan cheese- still appreciated the veggies though. BF's take on the slices were that he loved the crispy crust but felt the sauce was too acidic. For both of us, the flavors just didn't quite come together.Side note; current pricing for two-slice combo is $8.99, up from what is posted in the tips section on the app.
3	I was on search of vegan food when I yelped Pop Up Pizza. I was stoked when we got here because the place was empty, the presentation of "The Soho" (the vegan pizza) was premade and ready to go, and also that there was plenty of seating for me and my seven girlfriends. I gave them a 3 out of 5 because they decided to spray clean the tables and chairs with this harsh foaming agent while we were eating. So we were tasting this yummy pizza while inhaling this chemical smell. If you like to enjoy your meal then you will understand that this is a restaurant FAIL. I would go here again, but have learned my lesson that this place is best for take out.
