4	Not your typical bar food...I had the buffalo chicken wrap and hubby had the crab cake wrap.  We both had the beer batter fries...everything was delish.  The chicken was tossed with bleu cheese dressing and the sauce was not the usual red sauce used for buffalo chicken.  Yummmm!  Can't wait to go back and try something else!
4	What a great experience!  If you want to try something different with some excellent food, you've got to try this place.  Don't worry that you are at the wrong place when you geet there.  The restaurant is inside a bar in a strip mall.  Go in, you won't be disappointed.  We had a great experience at the Firenze Lounge in the Ravella Hotel with Chef Marco.  We asked him for recommendations, and he said we should try his dad's restaurant.  His dad, Carlos, is a world class chef who taugh at Le Cordon Bleu, and now has this little place inside a bar.  Our group wanted an adventure, so we went for lunch the next day.We were greated by the friendly bar staff, and then our order was taken by Carlos' sous chef.  He was great, and you could tell that our meal wasn't goingg to be your typical bar food.  My wife and I split a grilled cheese (four cheese) sadwich and we each had a cup of Tomato basil soup.  The sandwich was good, but the soup was awesome!  The soup was made fresh, and coutons in the soup even seemed like they made them right there.  I wanted to lick the cup.  Our friends had the angus burger and the strawberry chicken salad.  Both were very good.  They were both very good too.If you want an adventure, get off the strip and go to this little place inside Charlie's Saloon.  Remember where you are..it is a bar.  The staff was nice, but don't expect 5 star service.  You will have a great food adventure.
5	I was lucky enough to be taken to dinner here by my lovely niece and soon to be nephew.  Upon entering the saloon we were greeted and we noticed there was an anniversary party in the room next to the bar.  Oh my goodness it was fancy!  Beautiful ice sculpture, fruit carvings and can I mention the beautiful cake that made me drool??  I was pleasantly surprised when the lovely lady who was celebrating shared her cake.  Chef Carlos can get down on some desserts let me tell you!  After my niece and I checked out the lovely reception we decided we should probably order.  We had an assortment of fried goodness for an appetizer.  Can't be positive but I think it included stuffed jalapenos, macaroni and cheese triangles or squares some shape with corners, tasty balls of some sort and onion rings.  The blue cheese was freshly made from what I overheard and had chunks of cheesy goodness. It was excellent!I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap extra spicy, my niece ordered the cheese steak sandwich.  Of course I had to try it!  My wrap was spicy enough and packed with goodness.  I was sad when it was gone.  My nieces sandwich was flavorful and meaty.  So good when I need a meat fix! Too bad it's so far!Dessert was pure bliss! It's a known dish from what I've heard.  As if the fried stuff stopped after the food!  It was a dessert fit for a queen.  Fried cheesecake, bananas foster, brownie and ice cream on a bed of crispy goodness and strawberries.  I'm craving it all over again just thinking about it.  Chef Carlos and his staff were awesome.  Making sure I had just enough beer to wash down all the fried decadence.  You can bet I will be returning.  Maybe if I call ahead I can get some beef wellington!  Thanks Chef you're awesome!
4	Friday, dinner hour. Place was completely empty. Yikes! Food was good for bar food, but nothing super spectacular. We had the specials. Grilled ham and cheese pita and chile relleno burger. Beer battered fries--Not my fave. Angelina provided very good service, which since we were the only table, I would expect. Unsolicited, she gave us a 2 for 1 since we missed out on the livingsocial coupon yesterday. I'd be a regular if I lived in the neighborhood, but there's a PT's Gold just down the street from my house...Probably more like 3.5 stars IMHO, but I'll give it 4 because Angelina was nice.
4	Great food; had the chicken parmigiana special. Chicken was well cooked, not dry, and had a light breading as opposed to the thick batter a lot of places have.Pasta was well cooked, sauce was great, service was great - would definitely return here :)
4	Located inside of Charlie's Saloon, an Arizona Charlie themed bar, (who is that guy anyway, and why is he so famous?) in the strip mall that houses my local Pizza Hut, is this gem of a local eatery. It was date night time on a Friday so my husband and I had the pleasure of visiting this place. Chef Carlos came over and introduced himself and his staff before going into the kitchen and we were served the rest of the night by the sweetest waitress. I forgot her name but she was genuinely nice, not fake nice, and so sweet that I wanted to give her a hug and become BFFs. Moving on...Looking at their menu, they have the standard bar fare, but alas, what is this? Goat cheese balls? Yes please. Breaded and fried goat cheese served with balsalmic vinegar and mango chutney for your choice of dipping and a mixed greens salad. They were delicious, creamy, gooey, and all other words associated with cheese. For my entree, I got the salad that had strawberries, walnuts, bleu cheese and chicken. All the ingredients were super fresh and blended very well together. My husband got the spicy chicken sandwich which I stole several bites of. First off, the chicken was perfectly crispy and tender. The spicy sauce on it was not generic and surprisingly complex for a hot sauce. The bread. Oh the bread. I don't know what kind of bread they used but boy was it the perfect accompaniment. It did not ever get soggy, even at the end, and had the most fantastic chew to it. This was served with beer battered fries and when I tried one, I just had to order a basket because I knew my husband would get mad if I ate all of his.The food here is undoubtedly stellar and the prices are fair considering the quality of the ingredients they use. I just wish it wasn't in a super smokey bar. My nose is pretty sensitive to smoke and I don't really want to smell that while I'm eating. I also wouldn't be able to bring my kids to this casual eatery because of its location. Regardless, I will be back for the food as my stomach is already craving the spicy chicken sandwich...
5	Everything about dining here was great. Our server Angelina is the sweetest young lady. She explains the menu to you, and her passion about the food is obvious. We ordered the Rib eye and the Pork chops. The food was perfectly prepared. It was one of the best steaks I have ever had. Chef Carlos came over and introduced himself. It was a pleasure to meet him. He is a warm and inviting person.We were so impressed with everything we have already made reservations for their New Years Eve Special. We cannot wait to go back. We love this place and we will be frequent visitors.
5	It's not very often that the owner of the restaurant is your server. It was kind of funny. At first I thought he was the chef since he was wearing a white chef jacket, but then he came up to us and said, "My name is Carlos and this is my kitchen." He introduced himself AND explained the name of his restaurant.I kept reading about how specials are posted on a board, but I couldn't find it at first and I didn't want to just get a regular sandwich or burger. I eventually noticed it behind the bar area and for today they had Enchiladas, a Southwestern burger, and a turkey ruben. I asked Carlos what was in the Southwestern burger and he said it had Pepper Jack Cheese,Roasted Peppers Grilled Onion, Lettuce,& Tomato with Chipotle Ranch. I was going to order it, but my mom jumped on that before I did, so I went with the Enchiladas. We both got iced tea that was always refilled once it hit the halfway mark. While waiting, I took a look around the place. It's definitely Arizona Charlie themed, as Lucy E stated and it doesn't have the best ambiance. When we first walked in, we were greeted by a strong smell of smoke, but we just sat at one of the tables farthest from the bar area and it was fine. The furniture is pretty outdated with some old looking floral print fabric and our table cloth kept trying to fall off. Normally I would knock off some stars for that, but the food + service was outstanding. It seemed like everyone working at Charlie's Saloon was involved in the restaurant. The bartender in the saloon went up to us a few times to see how we were doing, gave us our menus when we just sat down, and asked how the Enchiladas were. When I told him they were great, he said, "That's what I'll be having for lunch. Everything in Carlos' Kitchen is amazing. You could probably throw a dart to pick anything on the menu and it'll come out awesome." Before we even ordered the burger, Carlos said all their burgers are very good. You can tell that Carlos and everyone that works here is very proud of the food. Carlos came out with our plates. The first thing I noticed was that the Enchilada plate looked a lot smaller than the ones you'd get at Mexican restaurants, but it was the perfect portion. Normally other places will just fill the plate with a bunch of sauce and watery beans, but this plate just had the two Enchiladas in the center and a small portion of beans and rice on the right and left. At first I thought the sauce was going to be overbearing because it looked like there was a lot of it, but it actually had a nice subtle flavor that complemented the Enchiladas perfectly. I'll be honest, I scraped my plate clean. I don't even remember the last time I ever did that, but I couldn't help it. The Enchilada plate was just so yummy and the portion was perfect. It didn't leave me overly full and I didn't have to waste any of it.I took a bite of my mom's burger and it was good. The patty was very juicy and I actually really liked the Chipotle ranch that was inside. When I took a pic of the burger, it looked like there was A LOT of cheese in it, but the piece I ate didn't have any cheese on it, so I can't really comment on it ruining the burger (http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/w3pRWx5xOnPmmuZL7c9Pvw/l.jpg). My favorite part about that dish was the beer battered french fries. They are soo long, so crisp, and perfectly breaded (http://s3-media3.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/Ie6f7x2-KBkbpdbxKJAuRA/l.jpg). I absolutely love their fries!When we were done with our meals, Carlos talked to us for a while. He told us about how everything they make is from scratch including their soups. They always have a different soup and they just create it from whatever vegetable is in abundance at the grocery store or whatever is in season. He also told us about the New Years Eve Feast they're having for $20.12 (clever, right?). It includes: Mixed Greens with Poached Pears, Bleu Cheese and Champagne Vinaigrette,Grilled Filet Mignon topped with Two Sauteed Prawns, Eggnog Pannacotta with Brandy Caramel Sauce and fresh Whipped Cream. It's an awesome deal and it's served from 4pm-midnight.Everything about our experience here today was excellent an I'll definitely be coming back to try out some more of their daily deals and definitely some of their soup!Tips:*Carlos' Kitchen has an app that you can download for free! It shows you their daily specials, menus, and restaurant info*Daily specials are posted on a board on the left side of the bar area. It's next to the kitchen door
5	Located on Durango inside Charlies Saloon is Carlos Kitchen.  This should be a must stop for neighborhood dining.  I had a cabbage and ham soup that was excellent and a blue cheese burger that might have been the best burger I've had.  My companion had the Chicken Angelina which was delicious as well. The Creme Brulee and coffee for desert topped off an almost perfect meal.  Chef Carlos came out to the table and talked with us about how the food was prepared and was easily able to accommodate dietary changes in the food.  I will definitely be going back and give this restaurant my highest recommendation
5	Excellent place. My family and I got to stop by first time, and our server was the owner. He happens to be a former instructor at Le Cordon Bleu. Very friendly person. We got to meet his daughter as well, who had a menu item named after her, which is the Chicken Angelina. It's a very delicious item, the ingredients have been put alot of thought into as they taste amazing together at once.I had a special, it was a southwestern burger. what I loved the most were the peppers he used. They were unique. They weren't spicy at all, in fact it was sweet and crunchy. the patty was juicy too. I ended up drooling while eating.The dessert was lovely in presentation. The Creme Brulee was just right, it wasn't overpowering in sugar, it felt so light. The items are pricy, but Carlo puts alot of effort into his meals.
4	I read about this place in Las Vegas Weekly a while back and learned that the chef used to be an instructor at Le Cordon Bleu. Gaming taverns aren't exactly known for their food, but this one might challenge others for having the best bar food around.Looking at the menu there's a lot of typical bar fare -- burgers, wraps, salads, nachos, wings, etc. I had a hard time deciding what I wanted because nothing stood out. It all sounded pretty average... nothing unique. But the execution, at least with the one item I got, was excellent.The buffalo chicken wrap ($8.99) was about the size of a Chipotle burrito, filled with plenty of crispy chicken tossed in a wing sauce (your choice of mild or hot) with blue cheese dressing, lettuce, and tomatoes. It was accompanied by some delicious fries that were both light and crispy.I'm willing to go back for more, I just wish the menu had more personality... more items that differentiated the place from other bars... unique dishes that you couldn't get anywhere else.
5	Great food! Chef came out to talk to us. Was awesome!
5	This is a review for Carlos Kitchen during Super Bowl XLVI 2012.  I don't know about anyone else, but I hate going to an overcrowded bar, especially during events like the Super Bowl.  Last year, I ended up going to a PT's and there was an annoying drunk that blew into a trumpet every chance he got.  I don't mind the loudness in a bar (it adds to the excitement of the game), but stuff like that is just a annoying in my opinion.  Needless to say, this year Jade and I were in search of a bar that met our criteria:1:  Good Super Bowl deals on drinks and food2:  A place that wasn't overly crowdedIt's a pretty simple list and we ended up at the best place, which I'm sure we will be frequenting during every Super Bowl.... Carlos' Kitchen.  If you've never heard of this place, you definitely got to check it out.  Not only did they have a killer Super Bowl deal, there was plenty of seating available and the service was amazing.  It's locally owned/operated and Carlos himself even came by our table a few times during the night to see how everything was.  Here is the deal:BIG SCREEN in the Dining Room and screens available throughout the Bar areaAll-You-Care-To-Eat Buffet for $10.00 Hamburger Sliders, Mini Spicy Chicken Sandwiches, Chips and Salsa BATTLE of the CHOWDERS: Manhattan v. New England!!In honor of the New York Giants:  NY Style Pizza  Hot DogsIn honor of the New England Patriots:   Shrimp Cakes  Fresh Mussels Their full menu was also available for the night. Also, Charlie's (this is where Carlos' Kitchen is located.. inside Charlie's) offered Happy Hour Drinks$1.00 Domestic Draft (Bud, Bud Light, Miller Light) & $2.00 Well DrinksPros:* The food was awesome for the price!   We were a huge fan of the homemade pizza .  The chips and Salsa was also amazing!* Incredible service.  Like I mentioned above, Carlos himself even came by to check on us.* Spacious seating and the atmosphere was NOT a blanket of cigarette smokeCons:* N/A   I really can't think of any negatives.Overall:  This is definitely a place to check out during Super Bowl for the upcoming years.   They had some pretty good finger foods and good deals on drinks too!  As you can see with how they arranged the special Super Bowl menu, they definitely had some Super Bowl spirit!  Awesome Super Bowl deals and incredible service... I'll definitely be back.  Highly recommended!  Tips:*  Carlos' Kitchen is inside Charlie's Saloon *  They have an App that can be downloaded for specials * Add Carlos' Kitchen to FaceBook for more specials.\
4	Hey guys N gals,  I made it to Carlos's Kitchen to meet up w/ family during super bowl.  Buffet was awesome - priced right for my budget and yet the service was 5-star.  I have been back a few times since, just for a burger or a light breakfast.  Again, TOPS in service, good basic menu and priced right!   I'll B back!!!
5	Like most, we too found Carlos' Kitchen while searching for food on Yelp.  Folks, the Yelp reviews here don't lie, we left completely impressed of the entire "Carlos" experience and we will be back for more.  Chef Carlos is friendly and very genuine in his approach with classic American dishes. He is a warm and fresh welcome to the neighborhood.  When you come please expect nothing less than great food and hospitable service.  Our server Angelina was super sweet and very efficient.  We could only hope to encourage more patrons to dine here and get the word out about this cozy hole in the wall.The food is really good, you won't be disappointed.
5	This place serves absolutely delicious food at an incredibly reasonable price!  Chef Carlos takes a personal interest in his customer's experience and came out of the kitchen several times to make suggestions, deliver food, and generally check up on our experience.  Our server, Angelina, was friendly, responsive, and very thoughtful.  Between the two of them, the service can't be beat!As for the food...It was wonderful!  Looking at the menu, you may think that you have tried some of those dishes before--I guarantee that you haven't.  Everything has been home made and reinterpreted, all the way down to the delicious ranch dressing.  It is herby and fresh--very delicious for dipping crispy fries!Our group ordered the hummus appetizer, the goat cheese cakes, and the tomato mozz anitipasto appetizers.  They are ALL prepared in a way that you haven't seen before!  The tomatoes have been peeled and marinated, the mozz has been re-created into a light mousse, and the hummus is served with an assortment of grilled vegetables kissed by a balsamic glaze.  Delicious!I had the Chicken Angelina, a side of herbed polenta, and the chef's indulgence dessert.  Also, very amazing.  See the pictures!  The presentation is beautiful!5 people--appetizers, entrees, 2 extra sides, and alcohol, came out to just over $100.  Can't beat that price!
5	First time here an must say the the food was excellent. I ordered the ribeye steak, which was cooked perfect and well seasoned. Also ordered two appetizers...the beer battered pickles and pepper cheese poppers. Both were good. Service was very good....Highly recommend.
5	Outstanding good value and very fancy cuisine in a dive location.  I think I will violate the no repeat rule on vacation and go back again.  You must try
5	Ok, this is my first review after having been a yelp user for a couple years.  I feel this place is worth it. We were looking for a local burger joint and read the other reviews on Yelp!  They did not lie. Carlos actually comes out to meet his customers and he is a real chef, not some short order cook.  Burgers were incredible, priced reasonable and good sized. The desert was equally incredible and next times will. Have to try the chef's delight.  It looked incredible.  We settled on the chocolate volcano cake and were not disappointed. Carlos' kitchens is located in a small gambling joint but don't let the place deter you.  You will not be disappointed.
5	We had our Wedding dinner here yesterday. All I can say is OUTSTANDING! We were treated like royalty. The food was beyond amazing. Better than amazing. Everything was so delicious. The cheese,fruit, and wine station started us off. A scrumptious display of cheeses and fruits. Our first course was so good there are not enough words to describe it. Artichoke hearts, roasted peppers, and marinated mushrooms. The flavors divine. Second course the most amazing caprese salad. Then the best beef wellington I have ever had. The fillet so tender you did not need a knife. real foie gras, perfect puffed pastry. Everyone was raving about this dish. Also served the wonderful chicken Angelina. Chef also made two equally delicious vegan dishes. Then the grand finale, a gorgeous wedding cake. It not only looked beautiful, it tasted beautiful. Our guests could not get enough of this food. I know Mike and I are customers for life. Angelina and Michelle, thank you for taking such good care of us all day! Chef Carlos you are the most generous and gifted chef. We thank you!
5	So good! And Carlos actually comes out and talks you! And the Prices are great for how good the food is!!
5	Believe the hype. If not the best burger I've had in 10 years, awfully close. Longtime culinary star, Chef Carlos, cooks and meets and greets and just generally does lots correctly.  His eatery is nestled inside Charlie's Saloon. But fear not, it's worth writing about...obviously. There were scores of items on the menu calling my name, all priced right, but alas the pesto burger (perfect bun, fresh mozz slices..etc.) with proper fries was the winner. Starter salad was nearly perfect too. Net-net, damn tasty lunch, charming service, and free WiFi to boot. Next time...dessert.
4	Before I launch into this, let me say I've only been to Carlos' Kitchen once, and I generally dislike reviewing a place based on 1 visit.  Not to say you can't get a genuine feel for a place after 1 visit, more like there are so many places I frequent that I haven't reviewed and I feel those fully-realized thoughts would be more beneficial to Yelp readers.  But upon leaving Carlos' Kitchen, after just 1 visit, I felt compelled to chime in and share this gem with locals sooner rather than later.One of the reasons I feel comfortable reviewing Carlos' is that every other positive review of this place is already spot-on.  YES, Carlos was there and came to visit my table (at 9:30pm on a weekday, despite an otherwise empty dining room) - a classy, genteel, respectful move if there ever was one in the restaurant biz.  YES, my food was hot to order, well presented, plentiful, and above all, delicious.  YES, there is always multiple specials of the day, your server will describe them in precise detail, and it won't be a scam like Cream of Yesterday's Entree Soup. YES, the place is a poker bar with scant distance from the smokey bar to the seating area, but once the food starts landing all that melts away.  And YES, the prices are far more reasonable than they have any business being (Hot app, sandwich, special-of-the-day dinner salad, and 2 soft drinks came in under $40, even after tax/tip,).  So what else do I want to add to this conversation that hasn't already been said?  Thanks for asking, I'll tell you...Carlos' Kitchen looks like a Timbers, a PT's, a Lodge, an Outside Inn, a Sierra Gold, a Bilbo's, both inside and out.  The difference, the reason you should choose to eat here versus all those other close, fast & convenient options, is because Carlos is a dedicated chef and absolutely yearns to make you happy.  Without putting words into his mouth, he's crafted these dishes and prepares them for you because he wants people to eat better food, and there's more than one way to accomplish that goal besides being a 5-star Strip restaurant (which he could totally do if he wanted,). The easiest way for Carlos to reach the masses, or just to simply make one person's day better with a good meal, is to serve pub grub next to a video poker machine and do it better than anyone else in the neighborhood.These types of restaurants used to be the norm, and they can be again if Vegas makes the concerted effort to drive past TGI Friday's and Red Lobster and support the guy who got up that morning intent on making their day better through nachos, burgers, and chocolate cake.
4	I rarely head to one restaurant twice on the same day, but this place was an exception.  After reading rave reviews on Yelp and passing by several times in the past few months, I gave in this morning to my hubby's persistence and decided it was time to give this place a try.  I am one of those people who believe that environment reflects quality.  If that were true, this place should be filled with frozen food out of a box and canned sauces.  After all, being in a 24/7 bar doesn't scream awesomeness up front. I am now ready to apologize for even thinking that way, especially after trying the food here.  It's a breath of fresh air, or, in this case, a spoonful of great tastes.  I love the fact that it's odd and the food is a total contrast to the setting.  I also love the fact that the chef loves his food and patrons so much that he says hello personally to all his patrons.  It's the small things that make this place a hidden gem.When you first drive up you see this empty sign on the front wall and then walking through the front doors you see this dark bar with poker machines on the counters, then this small restaurant seating area to the left.  There's a sign with the menu posted, but no host podium, so you stand there and wonder, "should I just sit, or wait for someone?"  Sure enough they read your mind and the nicest server comes to seat you anywhere you wish.  I tucked myself in to a white cloth-covered booth that was a bit interesting to me.  I've never seen cabinet liners (they prevent the table cover from slipping) under a tablecloth before.  That's actually pretty clever, but odd once again.  The chairs have those floral pillows on them, the backings of the booths are the same pattern, then there's the decor on the wall of tiny copper pots and pans.  You do see frames filled with articles of praise for this place, which is nice to read while you wait to place your order (and the wait isn't long at all).The menu is simple.  Simple is good.  I hate having 14 pages to sift through, ten types of meats to think of with fourteen side dishes to choose.  Chef Carlos pairs everything well so you don't have to think.  All you have to do is order what you want.  With the small menu it's easy.  There are a few specials if you're in the mood to try something other than the usual dishes, and I suggest that you do.My first meal ever at this restaurant is the portobello sandwich with grilled red onions, mixed greens, jack cheese, and bell pepper.  It's served on a hoagie roll with fresh french fries.  The edges were just the right crispiness and the mushrooms could convert you to vegetarian.  It's meaty, flavorful, and done well.  Sometimes veggie sammies are wet and the bread gets soggy, but the bread was yummy and stayed perfect the whole meal.  I even tried my hubby's Greek burger (the special) and it was fantastic.  The meat is seasoned perfectly, and every topping compliments each other and isn't overwhelming.  As for the fries, they are delicious and crispy.  We even had onion rings, and they're fantastic.  When menus say "beer battered" you order them craving that beer taste only to be left wanting, but these onion rings have that flavor well pronounced.  The crispy batter sticks, even when cutting them down with a fork, and that's something that hardly happens for me when I eat onion rings anywhere.  In the end I had to try one dessert, so I ordered the lava cake, which I craved after watching Master Chef the other night (it was their cooking challenge dish).  His lava cake was creamy, warm, and had that perfectly baked crunch edge on the outside that I love.  Although not served with ice cream, the sauces braided around it was a lovely touch and the whipped cream was nice, too.  We loved it so much that four hours later we came back to eat dinner.  I have to say that the food that evening was just as spectacular. I could rave on about both meals, but all you need to  know is that it is worth a try.  Don't be afraid of the atmosphere or location because that doesn't matter.  What matters is that this man, this brilliant man with over 2 decades of serious hotel, restaurant, catering and teaching at Cordon Bleu experience offers us locals a chance to eat beautiful, filling, yummy food without the need to fork out a mortgage payment or slip on a tiny black dress or suit and tie.  This man doesn't need the velvet seats or fancy bottled water.  All he needs is a place to be creative, to do what he loves without restraint, and to create happy accidents like the cheesecake spring rolls.  Give this place a try and I promise you that you will walk out happily surprised and satisfied that you found a hidden gem in the most unlikely of places.  I know I walked out so excited that I came back for dinner the same day.  I plan to eat my way through his entire menu.  I challenge you to do the same.
5	Upon entering this bar, I was immediately turned off my the heavy smoky smell.  Thankfully, I adjusted and was pleasantly surprised by the wonderful dining experience that Carlos' Kitchen has to offer.  Our server was so nice and very attentive... always re-filling our drinks and providing us with information about the best items on the menu.  We started with the chicken nachos and WOW.  So good!  Before our entrees showed up, Carlos came out from the kitchen and chatted with us for a bit.  We learned about the kind of food he likes to cook and his future ambitions to open a restaurant focused on unique fusion foods.  For my main course, I had the cheeseburger... I know that most of the time a cheeseburger is JUST a cheeseburger.  But, the bun on this one was toasted to perfection, toppings fresh, meat cooked just right... the fries were delicious (a little greasy though) AND the ranch is home made!  Other people in my party ordered the portobello mushroom sandwich , crispy chicken sandwich, crispy chicken wrap and the avocado burger (it was one of the daily specials).After we ate, Carlos came out again to ask us how everything was.  We topped the meal off with creme brulee.  It was not the best I've ever had (I'm not a huge fan in the first place), but pretty good.  It actually reminded me of flan for some reason.  I want to go back again, but may end up ordering take out simply due to the fact that I have a hard time dealing with the smoke that wafts over from the bar area.  Other than that, I can't complain!
5	Absolutely Great food with great prices.We had the Beer Battered Onion Rings to start. They were just phenomenal. The batter did not separate from the onion, just enough pull with a clean break, thoroughly cooked, crispy, and you can taste the beer in the batter.I had the daily burger special which was a Greek Burger. Feta cheese, spinach, Mediterranean vinaigrette, and the best burger patty I have had in a long time. The burger was accompanied by some truly great fries. If you're not paying attention they have a tendency to vanish from your plate.We had the Chocolate Lava Cake for desert which was also very good.Iris was our server, she was super friendly and attentive, we were not left wanting for anything.  Chef Carlos comes out to greet you when he can and he's delight to talk to.I look forward to eating my way through their menu and specials.
4	Last night we decided to give Carlos' a try but unfortunately they're closed on Mondays currently... However, the reason for the 4 stars is the simple fact that the gentleman who greeted us from the bar and told us about everything was very friendly and couldn't have been nicer. We'll definitely be going back on another night to try out the food.
5	I have returned here several times since my first review, in some cases twice i the same day.  When I find a restaurant that I really like I try to get a taste of everything that the menu has to offer no matter what the cost, but Chef Carlos makes this difficult because I just can't refuse the daily specials.I have looked long for a restaurant that serves the excellent food, has excellent service, has excellent prices, with perfect portions (IMO), with a casual environment, and open late. This restaurant meets all the criteria that i look for in my ideal restaurant.  My rating stands unchanged.I have had the pleasure of being taken care of by both Angelina and Iris.  You know your service is great when you remember your servers names after only one visit and they remember you. I am sad to hear that Angelina will be leaving shortly, but I give you my best wishes in your future endeavors.  I'll be visiting Carlos' Kitchen yet again real soon.
4	We wanted to try someplace different remembered Carlo's kitchen from Yelp reviews and the Las Vegas Weekly.  We arrived on a Saturday about 6 pm and it was empty, scary , too late to run someone already noticed us.  We sat down and the waitress was bubbly and nice .           I had read the yelp reviews and already knew the chicken nachos was the way to go for apps  and I'm glad we got it , The corn chips were fried to order and very hot and crisp, the chicken was shredded and cooked in some kind of sauce which made it very tasty and moist not dried out like I thought when I first saw it .         For my entree I had one of the specials  wienerschizel , sauteed speazel , beer gravy and red cabbage all for  8.99  ,What!!!   The cutlet's were nicely breaded and cooked perfectly. Spaezle was solid as was the gravy! Everything on the plate was tasty.            For dessert we had the chef indulgence for one that wife and I shared , big mistake we should have gotten the bigger size for 2 . Anyway live and learn won't make that mistake again.         The dessert platter had a cheesecake spring roll very creative and good, It also had a banana foster cake like square, brownie and a scoop of vanilla ice cream.        Chef Carlo's came out a couple of times through out our meal to seem how we liked it which was nice. Just by talking to him you could tell he has passion for his food and by the taste of his food you know he has the skills!!!  We will be back !!!
5	Quiet no one here, 630pm Saturday night, where is everyone? Not sure if it's too early, or we just beat the crowd, but that's okay, we got very good service, even when others began to trickle in.We started with the chicken nachos.  The chips are thick cut, served fresh, good seasoning on the chicken.  The love the melted cheese all over the chips.  We loved these nachos so much, we're still talking about them days later.We were told about the specials and decided we both go with one.  I got the ahi tuna, with garlic mash, caramelized onions, roasted veggies, with a ginger sesame glaze.  This was so good, I wanted to lick the plate.  My tuna had just enough sear and with the glaze, it wanted more. My husband got the wienershizel, with speazel, beer gravy and red cabbage.  I love red cabbage, this was great.  The pork cutlet was thin, breaded lightly and golden brown. He enjoyed his just as much as I did. Of course one look at the desert  menu and we had to go with the chefs indulgence, cheese cake rolls, mini bite molten brownie, banana foster bites and vanilla ice cream.  It was so good, we wished we had gotten it for two instead of just one, I was trying to save us some calories, oh well, there is always next time!Good service, good food, great prices, and a chef that cares, what else could you ask for, right?
4	As much as i want to give Carlos and his food the 5 star mark i had to deduct 1 star because of the location and feel of the location itself. Im sorry. Every other aspect of my experience of Carlos's Kitchen was outstanding. The service was above par with a young tattoo'ed lady (sorry i forgot your name) that was very sweet and attentive. Just like others mentioned Carlos himself came from the kitchen to introduce himself and offer some feedback on the menu and looking for feedback as well from his customers which i found very refreshing. And the food itself.... Chicken nachos on recommendation of Yelpsters was pretty damn tasty with the seasoned chicken, but the highlight for me was the huge clump of fresh guac on the top and the fresh salsa on the side. That guac was solid. There was a seafood pasta (forgot the fancy name) that was on the specials board for the day. Had a heavy portions of mussels, shrimp, in a red sauce served with spaghetti that was so good. The fresh garlic slivers and fresh ingredients really shined with dish. Even the damn garlic bread was that good with fresh garlic, but i am a sucker for dough. The BBQ burger was good but i made a mistake by ordering it. Ill be honest i was disappointed after trying the pasta that i had ordered "just a burger". It was cooked well with an onion ring inside and the BBQ sauce combo that gave it great flavor but id say that its a hamburger but a good one. The fries were very tasty and not what i expected as they were larger style steak fries which are usually not too crispy but these were which i love. Dessert was the platter that came with cheesecake egg roll, warm brownie bite, and another cheese cake bite. All of which was excellent but i think next time ill go for one larger dessert to enjoy rather than just bites like a sampler style situation. All in all the food, service, and people were all very positives notes as the simple thought behind serving people good food, with good service, and a smile will always do well is true here. My only suggestion would be to order one of the specials rather than "just a burger" although the burger is good i always feel like i can replicate it at home and i cant with some of the other food that may be served here by Carlos so take advantage of his skills and let him serve you up something proper. You can count on me being a return customer as just Carlos's approach and appreciation to his customers was enough to win me over.
5	The sheer level of quality of food for price ratio is enough to give this place five stars. But even if the prices were double, the food would still easily be worth it. But I'm sure glad they aren't, as I'd be going broke soon enough.A lot has been covered by reviews previous to mine. The atmosphere is odd, though separated enough that you can ignore the bar that offers little compared to the food on the table in front of you. I've had about half a dozen meals here now, and none of them have been short of outstanding.If nothing else, the food is just simply perfectly cooked and seasoned. In particular, one of the specials, short ribs, is a dish you could easily pay upwards of thirty dollars for at a fine dining restaurant. And boy, is it just as good as all those other places. But not only is the meat good, even the vegetables are incredibly delicious. My mouth waters even thinking about how good that dish is.I've also had a burger here. I'd actually recommend going for a main dinner special over it, but it's still excellent. Of particular excellence is the onion rings. I got them in lieu of fries in order to lower the calories of my meal, but the fact is they're so good it's worth it to get them anyways.I've also had a pork chop special,chopped steak, a San Francisco melt sandwich, as well as the goat cheese cakes and the Chef's Indulgence dessert. The first time I got the goat cheese cakes, I was dumbfounded. It was the first item I had there, and it, no exaggeration, looked like a dish from a michelin-starred restaurant. The presentation was magnificent, and the cakes themselves were unbelievably textured and full of flavor. The Chef's Indulgence dessert struck me the same way - far more extravagant than a 5.99 price would suggest.If you enjoy fine dining foods at a price that rivals a Dennys (who doesn't?), then make a point to visit Carlos' Kitchen.
5	BombAss food!!! Never expected quality food like this in a restaurant that is attached to a bar. Location sux , but Bottom line Food is off the charts....!!!Fine Dining quality food with the fine dining presentation and service..guess what's the best part...for less than $10. I've been never this satisfied with a meal before since I tried Chipotle for the first time..Mad props to the Chef. Definitely going Next week.
5	The food tasted amazing, every single thing we tried was good, even the nachos, chicken angelina was very delicious. The presentation of all the dishes was beautiful, looked like something u would get at a fine dining restaurant and play over 25 for a dish, but surprisingly all the dishes on the menu here are less than 15 bucks. I also got a daily special which was a salmon penn pasta with six salmon slices, with tomato alferdo sauce, tasted so good i could easily finish two bowls of those and it only coast 8.99. This place is definitely going to be one of my favorite places to eat from now on.
5	I'm glad I looked this place up or I'd have never found it - THANKS YELPERS!! I ate myself stupid - meal, drink, dessert & coffee - for $17 + tip. Plus, I got to watch the Olympics as I sat at the bar with 4-star quality food.Ok, so the restaurant's situated in a bar. About 1/3rd of the bar is restaurant-style sit-down, but since it was 4:30 and I was by myself for this particular adventure, I just sat at the bar and enjoyed the $1 draft happy hour. The menu specials change daily and they're totally at odds with the surroundings (who would consider Bourbon Glazed Grilled Salmon and Creme Brulee standard fare at a sports bar?? I digress...). Either way, if you're debating a trip over, you can check the specials and menu on the website above.So, Carlos himself came over to talk to me about the menu and I mentioned Yelp (to which he said, "They've been very good to me.") and asked about the chicken nachos that have been raved about by many. He informed me that, in addition to the chicken nachos that get all the attention, he has shredded beef nachos that are equally as good. I decided to take his advice and tried them. Conclusion: HOLY SH!T, THESE ARE GOOD! *Nachos, Deconstructed*The Base - Chips and Cheese: - The chips are obviously fresh-fried and crispy throughout (no soggies, even toward the middle, at the end of my food-fest). - "Mo' Cheese, Mo' Better" seems to be the guiding principle here and it's melted perfectly (no stray non-melties and it isn't cooked so much that it's browned or crunchy). If you're like me and delight in just melting a pile of cheese on a plate to pick at as a snack, then you'll be happy. If you think I'm gross, well... that sucks.Veggies:- Consisted mainly of green onions, pico de gallo and tomatoes. Not too heavy on 'em and balanced in flavor.- Guacamole - I know, avocado's a fruit, so sue me. There was a big, ice cream scoop-sized lump of it resting on top of the pile of nachos. Holy Flying Spaghetti Monster, it was great. Nice and creamy, without the bitterness you get with so many other guac's. I dug it.Beef:- Juicy, tangy, melt-in-your-mouth deliciousness. I would have seriously just been happy with a plate of the stuff. Accessorize:The whole pile was drizzled with sour cream and either queso fresco or panela cheese. For dessert, there's a Chef's Indulgence (which consists of 3 or 4 different desserts and was tempting, despite being alone and already pretty full), but I decided on Creme Brulee and a cup of coffee. The creme brulee was on par with the nachos - made from scratch, perfectly done and just the right texture. I had done away with decorum at about nacho #4, so I just continued on that tack by using my finger to scrape out the remainders of the custard in the bottom of the ramekin (that's the beauty of it being in a dark bar - nobody even looked sideways at my piggish ways). Excellent meal with excellent company (I talked with Carlos for nearly 20 minutes as I ate). In addition to the food, he told me he offers cooking demonstrations on Saturdays, which sounds like something fun to do. He's obviously well-rounded in his experience and after chatting with him, found out that he's been all over the country cooking for restaurants and four-star hotels, in addition to cooking his way through Germany (hence the spaetzle special that pops up from time to time), Italy, France and Luxembourg. If you've made it this far, I hope I've conveyed how impressed I was. Can't wait to go back!
5	This place should definitely be more filled up.  The food is very very good.  I got the nachos with the shredded beef and it was high quality and quite tasty.  Everything that could be made from scratch was and tasted delicious.   I also split a pasta with shrimps and sausage with someone and it was very well done.  All in all the meal was excellent and quite affordable.  I will definitely be back soon to show my support as should anyone who is in the area and has read all the reviews on yelp.
4	Yummy food!
5	this place was amazing the food was great and not that expensive. It was super cool how Chef Carlos came out to introduce himself and after we were done with our meal he came out just to make sure everything was ok.. The burger was nice and juicy. My wife had a chopped steak and that was great the mashed potatoes were good and the steak was juicy and cooked to perfection. This is going to be our new weekly place to eat.
5	This was my first visit here and only because I saw the excellent reviews on Yelp.  It was a nice touch for Chef Carlos to come out introduce himself and to explain the menu.  I decided to try his burger special and was not disappointed.  It was a blue cheese and bacon burger which he cooked to a perfect medium rare.  The quality of ingredients was good and prepared well.  I walked out thinking that his abilities were being wasted in this environment.  I would like to see what he could do in fine dining.
5	Last night was the 4th time that I have visited Carlos' Kitchen and figured it was time to review it. 3 of the 4 times there I had the Fettucine Don Carlos and it has been amazing every time. Every visit has been highlighted by Carlos coming out and greeting the table. A very nice touch to what has been nothing short of outstanding every visit. Our kids think we are VIPs because they think we know the chef!!! There has yet to be one item that anyone did not like. The food is outstanding, the service is great and for the quality of food the prices are fantastic. The biggest Sin in Sin City would be to not try this place once, because I can guarantee if you try it, you will be back!!!!
5	Love, Love, Love the food!!! Have eaten here 4 times & take out once!Incredible burgers, nacho's (chips are awesome), appetizer's ,salad's and soups.  Service is wonderful!  Carlos  is very personable and obviously cares about his customers!
5	This place is a rare find. The chef Carlos seriously comes out and talks to all his customers and asks about the food. That is some great hospitality. Our server was extremely sweet and patient. She repeatedly and patiently told me the specials over and over since I couldn't remember many of them. I LOVED the fries. The food was good, no complaints. Reasonable pricing. I suspect the reason of the lack of customers is the how solitary the location is. The plus side is that it's very quiet and your needs are met quickly since there aren't many other customers. Nonetheless, they're a great restaurant with wonderful service. Try this place out!
5	Chef Carlos knows what he's doing! My bf and I came here for the first time tonight for dinner. At first, when we saw that the location was in an old Vegas bar, we were skeptical but it's just his starting location. He will get bigger and can only get better! We ordered the Chicken Angelina and Fettuccine Don Carlos. Both were good but the chicken was our favorite! There's something in that sauce that makes this now one of our new spots, if not to try everything else on the menu, but just to come back each time for that. For dessert, we ordered the Chef's Indulgence. Sooo wonderful and made us wanting more. Loved the bananas foster and cheesecake rolls!What was super cool about our experience was that the chef came out to greet everyone. He knew we were new and introduced himself, and spent some time talking about the menu and why and how he came up with some of the items on it. Chef is a very smart man, you can tell and will be very successful. We can't wait to come back and have the chicken again or try one of his daily specials.
5	This review is courtesy of my fellow yelpers.Typed in "Restaurants", "Las Vegas", and "Highest Rated" and Carlo's Kitchen popped up.Eh, why not? Great reviews and the fan photos really helped making the final dining decision very easy.Inside of Charlie's bar, say what? Who would have known such a stellar eatery could be found nestled inside of a typical Vegas pub? Yelpers, that's who!No sooner did my party get sat our very attentive server came to grab our drink orders.  Glasses never empty and our palates totally satisfied we thoroughly enjoyed our dishes here at Carlos.From succulent pork chops to perfectly seasoned fettuccine and a goat cheese fritta that will make you want thirds, you will not be disappointed.Take away the bar aspect of this eatery and it the point has been made that the food is out of this world; lets get to my most favorite part of this dining experience.. The chef in charge of all dishes that leave the kitchen personally came out to greet our table! Not only did he come out to greet us at the beginning of our meal but he checked on our table of (7) after our feeding frenzy came to a close to follow up.A brilliant display of customer service that I honestly thought was completely lost in this city.Thank you Carlo's Kitchen for bringing back the feel of an old world dining experience where it feels like the entire staff actually gives a crap about creating a positive dining experience.You will see us again for sure!
5	The stars say it all.
5	So I strolled into Carlos Kitchen and the outside was not attractive. I was in for a suprise! We sat down the waitress was very nice, fast and helpful!  We ordered the nachos. They were very tasty. This sounds silly but I have never had nachos that great! The taste was a mixture of different cheeses with fresh made guacamole and fresh salsa. The chicken on the was seasoned perfectly. My mouth is still watering as I am writing this review. For an entree I had the special the cordon bleu with mashed potatoes in a dijon cream sauce(that was out of this world)! The food was delicious and presented perfect.The resturant was very clean and the staff were happy to be there. Carlos came out to every table. Asking every guest how there food was and any suggetions. Carlos Kitchen is a hidden gem! On the outside it does not look special. If you give it a chance you will be pleasently suprised! Gourmet food at an afforable price and to be thanked to come into a resturant! I will for sure be back to this special hidden gem.
4	I have eaten here many times ,and have enjoyed everything that I have ordered. The one thing that I often stop here for is thier hamburger its special.
4	Yup, this restaurant is inside of a bar.  Yup, that's some quality food right there.  Yup, those are the prices (cheap!).This place has really GREAT food.  Hamburgers, sandwiches, wraps, and apps if you like the lunch/bar food variety.  But the dinners and entrees are, I swear, Strip quality.  And they're so cheap!!  The veggie tower, pasta dishes, and pork chop have been winners with friends and me.I also like how charming it is in the restaurant.  We've had the same waitress each of the three times we've been, and she is so cute and nice.  Carlos comes out to every table and introduces himself, which surprised me, and I love how when he leaves he says, "Ok, I'm going to go make your food now." So charming!Everything is made from scratch, so I admit the wait to get your delicious food can be a tad long, but you know it's fresh and prepared right when you order it.  And the portions are JUST PERFECT.  Not too little, not too much to stuff yourself.  Perfect.Surprises like Carlos' Kitchen, where you get Strip quality food inside of a bar, are reasons why I love Vegas and its hidden gems.
5	We had an amazing time and amazing food with Chef Carlos in late September, 2012.Before going I called to see if they could accommodate my gluten free requirements due to having Celiac disease.  Chef Carlos explained that due to being an actual trained chef (in other words, not just some short order cook) he was familiar with gluten free food, preparation and cross contamination concerns for someone with the disease.  We went knowing that I'd be in good hands!The food was amazing, and as with everyone else, he came out and visited with us.  Finding out we were in town from San Diego, with him being from San Diego originally, we had a great time sharing memories and hearing his stories and learning about his family's restaurant there that we need to make a trip to!He went over the items in the menu with me and let me know what I could and could not eat from his menu.  The "coulds" definately outweighed the "could nots".The experience and the food was so amazing, that we had an opportunity to plan a trip back to Las Vegas Thanksgiving Week and part of the reason we decided to go for it was so that we could drive back home on Thanksgiving Day, right after having Thanksgiving Dinner at his restaurant, which he had told us he'd be doing when we visited.For those of you looking for catering, he also does that.  If we lived in Las Vegas, we'd probably hire him for all our parties!
5	I was checking the website for the specials and it states Carlos is closed. Changing locations. :( It will be a couple of months until the new location opens. Can't wait to see the new location! Carlos you will be missed the next few months.  This was my favorite place to go.
2	Note says it will re-open March 1st but when we went to location it was now Charlie's Bar.
5	Great News! Carlos Kitchen is reopening this Saturday March 23rd at 11AM. The new location is at Spectators on The corner of Flamingo and Durango.. I will be there Saturday. Welcome back Carlos!
5	Once in a blue moon you come across a place that not only has good food and service, but they also have passion. That's why Carlos' Kitchen, after only one dining experience, very well could be my new favorite restaurant.It's not an overly fancy joint located inside Spectators bar. In fact, Carlos explained to us (yes, he visited the table multiple times - more to come on that) that they used to be located inside of Charlie's Bar and had recently moved to this location. But the great thing is that the restaurant is separate from the bar and there wasn't a smokey smell in there - just a smell of amazing food.So the service...we were greeted by Iris, a very knowledgeable, friendly, and attentive server. Absolutely awesome! She told us the specials, took our drink order, and throughout our entire meal was checking to see how we were enjoying the food and most importantly, kept our beverages filled!Now to the food, there is good food, there is bad food, then there is Carlos' food. Prior to ordering Carlos came out and introduced himself to us, shook our hands, and wanted to find out how we heard about the restaurant. Of course we gave our Yelpsters props for correctly identifying this place as bomb-digity. He wanted to make sure we knew the specials then even told us how some of the items were prepared. He emphasized that he didn't cut any corners, everything is homemade. Literally errrthing is homemade. I ordered the Buffalo Chicken wrap. It was delicious, but very very spicy. The buffalo sauce was hot and spicy, but not in a bad way, in an addicting way. The blue cheese dressing in the wrap was also homemade and some of the best I've ever had. The french fries, which I'm sure were homemade as well, were amazing. As good as mine was, my wife was the "order winner" as she got the Asian burger special. Carlos used a ginger based Asian sauce that brought out so much flavor in the burger then topped it with Wasabi mayo and an Asian-slaw. I've had Fukuburger and Bachi Burger and both are awesome, but are second stringers compared to Carlos' creation. Maybe the best burger I've ever tasted. And for the grand finale we ordered the lava cake. Absolutely the best I've had. Carlos told us that the secret was that he used Belgian chocolate. He also makes his owned whipped cream.Carlos came out and checked on us mid-way through our meal to see how we liked everything. I almost gave him a standing ovation right then and there. He then checked on us one more time before we left and thanked us for our business. As the owner and executive chef I certainly wouldn't expect this kind of attention, but I really appreciated it. Both my wife and I really enjoyed chatting with him. I hope Carlos' Kitchen thrives in it's new location. Anyone who is that genuine about the food coming out of their kitchen deserves the utmost success.Simply put, 5 stars, one of the best restaurants I've ever been to.
5	Fully agree with Jason L. Our family of 6 totally enjoyed dinner there the same night (4/1).  The younger members of our group savored various burgers, including the night's cordon blue burger.  Great fresh fries; they did not even blink at the request for ranch dressing.  Hubby and I were in awe:  he with pasta, shrimp and spicy sausage; me with the veggie tower. And the amazing grilled romaine salad.  Wow and yum!  Enjoyed meeting Carlos as he came around to check on diners.  Learned this location had only been open a week or so.Kudos to Iris who not only served us thoroughly and thoughtfully, but snapped a photo for us, to commemorate the celebratory family night.We would definitely return.
5	I was waiting 3 months for Carlos to re-open after he closed in Charlie's Bar.  Well he finally reopened about 1/2 mile north next to Spectator's  bar at the corner of Durango Nd Flamingo.  His new place has more of a restaurantn fell, but the food has not changed.  I had the Salmon with Jack Daniels sauce mashed potatoes and mixed vegetable and it was great, the salmon was cooked perfectly and the sauce added to the dish.  Another person had the lamb chops with mustard sauce, she said they were fantastic, but didn't want to share.  Another person had his Asian burger which was excellent.  Carlos's Kitchen has fantastic food, a chef as good as any in town, and at a very reasonable price.  This is a dining secret that shouldn't be.
5	Just finished having lunch here and it was fabulous. Started off with the onion rings and nachos with beef as our appetizers. The rings were crispy,yet light and the beer batter was the best I have ever tasted. Devoured them. The nachos were fantastic as well with the home made chips. Hubby and I were fighting over the guacamole.  We split a guacamole burger which was the special burger of the day and it was unbelievably good. Fresh tomatoes, crisp lettuce, caramelized onions, green chiles, cheese, and guacamole topped a juicy patty that was cooked to perfection. Normally I put mayo and ketchup on my burger but this time I ate it as is.  So much flavor you didn't need to add anything to it. Chef Carlos was so warm and welcoming and chatted with us before and after our meal. Our server Iris was an absolute doll and was friendly and very attentive. Can't wait to go back and eat again.
1	The service was absolutely horrible.  We waited over an hour for our food.  Maybe they need more help in the kitchen because we were not the only customers that thought about leaving.  Several actually did walk out.  I have no idea what was taking them so long.  The food was not even worth an hour wait.  A cannoli at Carlos bakery in Hoboken is, but a burger at this hole in the wall is not.
4	YUM!  This place was recommended to be by a fellow kickballer.  We stopped in before a game on a Wednesday night.  Their tortilla soup is killer....probably the best I've ever had.  The nachos were pretty good too.  Only thing I disliked was the service.  There was an older lady waiting on us and she was hard of hearing and didn't seem to be in any rush to do anything.
5	This place is well hidden gem on the west side of town.  The exterior is misleading but once you walk in and see the white tablecloths you know your in for a great meal.  I've eaten here twice - had the pork chops and the Jack Daniels salmon.  Both were excellent.  Chef Carlos ventured out of the kitchen to visit both times to check on our meals which always impresses me.  The prices are very reasonable for these nicely prepared meals.  The chocolate lava cake is well worth the 5.95 price and Iris was nice enough to serve with a second plate and setting so that we could share it.  If I lived out west I'd be eating here on a regular basis.
4	Did a search for burgers and Carlos' Kitchen had the highest rating. Thought it would be a traditional burger place but a craving is a craving. The restaurant is inside a bar and although they're separate I could still smell cigarette smoke. (I have a nose like a bloodhound so others might to be bothered by this). The specials sounded amazing so we tried the chipotle ribs and the BBQ hamburger plus my husband got the clam chowder. My husband said the chowder was amazing;some of the best ever.  Our meals were very good, especially for the price. The place is cute. It was kind of empty and everyone that was there seemed to be friends or family. Or maybe they're just regulars. Our server had to have been the Chef's mom.  She was a little scattered and forgot to charge us for items which I pointed out to them but friendly none the less. Looking forward to trying it again.
5	The Salad with Strawberries and Chicken is superb.  Good food, great portions, excellent value.Great variety of tastes.  Carlos accommodates food allergiews with fabulous flair (my wife has Celiacs and needs Gluten free and soy free food).He is hospitable, the staff is fantastic with their service and attention.The Specials are always worth checkinbg first.  The "rubs" they use on meat and burgers are great.  I am a salt freak and I rarely use salt with his cooking.  It has so much fullness of other flavors, it doesn't need a lot of salt.Great chef, great food, great people and the price is just very good.Also, Carlos will cook up special requests with a little notice.  he is very kind in response to needs.I am really happy he reopened at this location.  Spectators made a wise move in doing this.
5	Love this place!  I try to stop by at least once a week.  The strawberry chicken salad is the best salad I've ever had.  Check out the specials.  They change daily and they're all great.  Carlos and Iris are both wonderful and take very good care of their customers.
5	We go to Carlos at least a couple of times a month and are never disappointed. From his homemade hummus appetizer (which replaced our old favorite the goat cheese), to delicious pork chop medallions to the spicy chicken sandwich...everything is great and affordable. Carlos always comes out to greet and chat which is a nice touch.  Just had my daughters 21st birthday there and it was great. Iris and the rest of the staff was awesome. Can't wait until next time!
4	Let me start by saying that the only reason for 4 stars, is that I very rarely give 5 stars and I don't have the option of 4 & 1/2. I went to this place on a recent trip to Las Vegas, based on the reviews here on Yelp and another site. This place is about 4 miles off the Strip, but it is so worth the trip. This is one of the best meals we had while in Vegas, regardless of the price. The food is very well prepared and presented, the service is quick and friendly. Once your food is served, the owner/chef, makes his way to your table to make sure that your food is as expected. This is a small place that has recently moved so even though the address says Durango, it is actually located on Flamingo, at the corner of Durango and Flamingo, beside a gas station and in the same building as a sports bar. If you want a finely prepared meal, that doesn't break the bank, this is your place. I wish we had one here in North West Florida.
5	Excellent local flair. Just had to go reading all the other reviews. The new location is brightly lite, warm and welcoming. Thought it was great that Carlos was there and chatted with the customers. We had the buffalo chicken wrap and sandwich. Both excellent and the onion rings were out of this world!!! Love this place.
5	I had the oppurtunity today to have a Veggie/Vegan burger, and it was delicious. I also, had a chance to meet Carlos, and he knows his stuff!! He spoke like a true cook from the heart.  From heath hut, vegetarians to fixing you up a vegan meal to gourmet steaks (Carlos took pride in his 100% angus beef) this Kitchen here has it all!! I can't wait to try the grilled portebello.  I'm not a vegan anymore but do stick to a pretty moderate version. So, when I'm in that rare mood for some meat, that rib-eye might just be considered!! Did I mention, Carlos is awesome and accomadating..
5	To all previous Yelp friends who reviewed Carlos' Kitchen--THANK YOU!  I was aware of Chef Carlos when he was at the other place a few blocks away but never went there.  After being reminded of him by Susie H.'s recent review, this was on my to try list ASAP.We arrived early last night (Sunday) after the Ribbon of Life show at the Smith Center.  We were the only ones in the place.  The server told us to sit anywhere we liked and she handed us the menus after we were seated.  Before leaving, she read the specials of the day.  There were two dinners, a wrap, and I believe a salad special.  She had me hooked with the first thing she read--bleu cheese pasta with steak!  I ordered that and my wife ordered Chicken Angelina.The bleu cheese pasta was made with penne rigate and the steak was grilled, sliced, and placed in strips on top of the pasta.  The bleu cheese sauce was exceptional.  A great bleu cheese bite with every taste and there was extra bleu cheese crumbles spread on the pasta.  My wife chicken Angelina was a seared chicken breast served on top of garlic spinach and mashed potatoes with large pieces of mushroom.  It was topped with artichoke and there was a dijon cream sauce.  She enjoyed it a lot!Although we were both full, we had our minds set on having dessert we had looked at online earlier in the day.  She got a chocolate molten lava cake and I got the chef's indulgence.  Both were outstanding!!!  The menu describes the indulgence this way:  A Cheesecake Spring Roll, Crunchy Bites of Brownie and Mini Banana's Foster Cheesecakes, served with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream, Fresh Strawberries and House Made Berry, Caramel & Fudge Sauces.  For the single version there's one brownie bite and one mini bananas Foster, but that's more than enough.  There are sweetened tortilla strips on the bottom of the plate.  This is one of the most creative desserts I've seen.  Chef Carlos came to the table twice to check on us and we chatted about the food and what he'd done since he moved to this newer spot.  The restaurant is almost completely closed from the VP bar so there's almost no smoke smell from the bar coming into the restaurant.  I can really see this place coming onto our rotation list of places to go again and again.  I'll call and ask the specials before I go.  What a wonderful gem hidden away in this video poker bar!  And, what a fantastic and creative chef Carlos is.  He cares about his food and his customers.
3	I've been to the old location twice (the smokey place) but they have since moved. For a birthday dinner, we decided to check the new place out. The new location is a definite improvement because the bar is in a separate space, separate door, so the smoke doesn't travel to the dining area. The dining area was  clean and comfortable. Food: Goat Cheese Cake - goat cheese was breaded and fried, which is not complicated but simple is very good. Nachos with chicken - it was decent. The chips are freshly fried, topped with toppings and then baked.  Mussels - These were overcooked and a lot of them has cracked shells. Becasue they were overcooked, the mussel stuck onto the shell.  No dessert order. I would come back but I just would not order the mussels.
5	Found Carlos' kitchen on yelp. Still here now and wanted to review before I forget. I am a food SNOB. I pride myself on being from NY where we know good food! This place is AMAZING! We ordered the chef Cs appetizer sampler and everything was FRESH and flavorful. I ordered the goat cheese cakes as an entree and practically licked the plate clean. My BF ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich and he DID lick the plate clean. My kids had caesar salads and loved them. Even our Arnold Palmers were mixed perfectly! Carlos the chef also greeted us and the waitress was efficient and polite.  Im thrilled to find a quality place so close to my vacation home! Sooooo delish!
5	Casual, comfortable, more than reasonable prices and Oh the food....well it is one of those neighborhood secrets that will not stay that way for long cause it is just fantastic. Portions are perfectly sized and ingredient is balance and not overdone. Presentation nice and not pretentious. If your husband is an accomplished chef, this is how he will cook for you in your kitchen everyday, and boy we are lucky to have Carlos doing it at the little money that he charges. All I can say is, I'LL BE BACK!
4	Okay, Mr Carlos, you got my attention with your 4 1/2 star average. Now lets put it to the test.When I pulled up to the building, it says Carlos's Kitchen but when you stick your head in the door, (which happens to be two of them. One on the right for the bar and one on the left for the restaurant) you can get really confused as to where to go if the server is not there to greet you. So I stood there for a bit wondering if I should play video poker at the bar or just sit down and wait.So the waitress finally sits me down after she sees me just standing there like a statue. At first I didn't know where she came from but then realized there was no hostess for she was both. I assumed she came out of the kitchen because like I said, it is kind of confusing where to go.So while im looking at the menu, she is going on about the daily specials but I had my mind made up on the Spicy Chicken from the tip I saw off the Yelp business listing. I gotta say it was a good choice. The sandwich is decent size, the chicken breast was juicy, and the sauce that was on it had that extra kick to wake up you taste buds. Also the french fries that came with it deserves some attention as well. There is some kind of breading on it that gives it a certain crunch and extra flavor. I cant put my finger on what it is, but it is definitely good to the point that you want to finish your fries.Service was, let's just say a bit slow. I don't know if it was because there was only one server or the cook takes his time or what. I noticed there only 3 other tables being served so im not sure if this was your typical lunch crowd. As for the prices, they are comparable to Denny's or Chili's. A typical meal will run you 10 to 15 dollars per person. Lastly, since the bar is right next door and there is no barrier that segways from there, you will have secondhand smoke coming in from there, which is quite a negative if you ask me. My suggestion would be to put a swinging door there of some type and that should stop most if not some of the smoke from coming in.So Mr Carlos, what other Yelp peeps are saying are legit. It's just that I cant really spend more than 45 minutes for lunch and eat without having to think about lung cancer. Your restaurant is definitely worthy of good quality time spent with friends and/or family.
5	It's tough to beat their prices for the quality of food they offer, and Carlos always takes the time to meet his guests. Definitely a local business that deserves the support of the local community. :)
4	I've had this place bookmarked for foreeeeeeeeeever... so I'm glad we finally had time to try it out~ CK is located in the dining room of the Spectator's bar.. When we went in it was empty and really cold... We got there at 8:30 and found out they closed at 9 but we never felt rushed or unwanted.. I had the chicken berry salad which was pretty good.. nothing unique about it but it was tasty.. Boyfriend got the rib eye steak and for $14 it was just ok. Overall, I would give the food 3 stars.. I will probably be back to try the wraps and specialty items...I'm giving this place 4 stars because the service was amazing! Our server, Iris, was SO nice and even brought out some warm salt water for my boyfriend when he got a toothache ;]]] HOT TIP: They serve the same menu over on the bar side ~!!!
5	Went here while in Vegas after seeing all the high ratings. The waitress was very nice and the chef came out to greet us during our meal.The rib-eye steak was cooked perfectly. Tilapia was really good, I liked the creamy lemon-butter-caper sauce. Spicy chicken fingers were the best spicy chicken fingers I've ever had. The Creme Brulee was rich and smooth and delicious. A little on the warm side though. I forgot the name of it, but the dessert with the brownies, ice cream, and cheesecake eggrolls was just so, SO good. The cheesecake inside the eggroll was just divine. If you go, save room for dessert.
5	Great food and very friendly service!!
4	New location at the SE corner of Durango and Flamingo inside the Spectator's bar.Review: The girlfriend and I were looking up new places to eat and found that a lot of Yelp users had high regards for this place.  We thought to give it a shot.The location is a little shady, but don't let that turn you away as it almost did for me.  We walked in and were greeted immediately by the chef/owner.It was weird seeing this type of dining in a setting like this, but we learned the food made up for it.She ordered the Chicken Angelina and I had the special of the day (Prime Rib).Chicken angelina: beautifully cooked, moist inside, perfectly grilled, texture was great.  The sauce really complimented the chicken with notes of dijon mustard.Prime rib: very soft, not too salty, good portion size. I devoured it quickly.Dessert: Creme brulee and chocolate lava cake.Creme brulee - I really recommend this.  It's one of the most underrated desserts.  He does this one really good.  The creme is soft in texture and perfect in consistency.  Not overpoweringly sweet.  The caramelized sugar on top was delicious.
2	I really wanted to like this place cause it's close to home, nice people and small biz.  But now on 2 visits I cant say that I particularly do. Ribeye and steak Salad were ok, nothing special. Buffalo Chix wrap was gross. Buff sauce was way salty and overpowering. I couldnt finish it. Good fries. Nice service.  but I dont think I will be back unfortunately.
5	What a find!  Although the location is odd the food is fabulous.  You wouldn't normally talk about presentation in a neighborhood restaurant, but here it was part  of the experience.  The food was as good as any of the best restaurants on the strip. Carlos is obviously a well trained chef. Don't miss this place.
5	Everything is great.Wife and son are swooning over the chicken fingers - best ever.The goat cheese cakes with mango chuntney are devine.Asian Burger super yummiestFries home made and very goodGood service - we will be back.
5	Food, service, atmosphere is EXCELLENT! This place doesn't get the recognition it deserves. I went to Mesa grill leaving underwhelmed.  The food at Carlos' is BEYOND excellent. The mozarella antipasta/caprese salad is delish. He makes the cheese himself !The fettuccine has great flavor, loved the sausage in it. Lobster bisque isnt to be missed. Chicken cordon bleu is excellent  the chefs dessert is pretty good. If you take the crunchy garnish/strawberry/chocolate drizzle/and some ice cream together in one bite it tastes like a bowl of cereal lol The service is divine. Iris reminds me of myself. Efficient, crowd pleaser, and just a nice hardworking chick. Love you Iris! You're a perfect fit for Carlos' and I wish nothing but the best for you. Chef Carlos is a great guy. Any business that closes at 9 where the chef takes an hour out of his time to speak to his guests is something you dont see anymore. You have a new follower/believer/foodie fanatic   :PI am sorry they were closed on Tuesday. I would have loved to hit you up for a third time on my short 6 day visit. Atmosphere is relaxing (for Vegas especially). Its a great getaway from the bright gaudy lights, shiny floors, brass finishes.  It reminded me of my trip to Italy.  It reminded me to slow down, savor every bite.  Food here is to be enjoyed. It's not a place to go, put something in your system for energy and go. Being next to Spectators bar was okay, it doesnt say carlos. But if he served food from  a dump truck, i think i would still eat it.
4	Great service. Excellent food. Nice little restaurant. We'll be back.
3	I gave this restaurant two tries before writing a review. The food looks amazing in pictures but I wasn't that impressed. The fries they serve are delicious. I would probably stay away from ordering chicken fingers. Its the frozen kind and not made with fresh pieces of chicken. I enjoyed their potato skins. I feel like they missed on the buffalo chicken wrap as well. I wanted to give two stars for the food but the server is very friendly so I gave the place three stars. I probably would not go back because out of four dishes that I ordered, I only liked the potato skins.
5	Great and food and service. Had the open face chili burger with fries... amazing. I love how Chef Carlos comes out and greets everyone, great service.
5	Awesome and affordable daily specials!!! All the food tastes fresh and homemade..i highly recommend giving this place a try..tonight for instance had the chicken and dumplings special. The chicken was tender and delicious, the dumplings were like my grandma used to make, nice, light and fluffy, unlike all the rest I've ever tried in a restaurant which were always thick and doughy. Carlos! wow!! Yum!!! And the bread pudding...OMG no doubt, the best bread pudding I've ever had...it was like bread pudding cubes, so they don't get soggy...creme brulee is best ever also..order both:)  chef Carlos comes out to make sure everyone is happy...nice hidden gem with noticeably fresh ingredients
2	My wife and I went into the former Putters now Spectators for lunch yesterday. The prior kitchen operator was OK for bar food. We had noticed that he (Carlos) had moved from Charlies months ago. I'm always a little Leary when there is a bio of the cook in the menu. Really? Just a little tacky.We started out in the bar where the wife played $40 and had a coke, I had a beer and did not gamble. The place was empty except for the usual cast of bar flies speaking of past glories. The bartender (forget her name. Long blonde hair) served me a beer  (immediately returned to the 'regulars' and spoke on the bar phone extensively) $3.50 pricey for a draft Miller Lite and the server from the restaurant brought the wife her diet coke. The server knew the menu and specials. She was very prompt and attentive, sorry forgot her name also. Ordered the 'Hamburger special' in addition to the usual had spinach, mushrooms and Swiss. My wife ordered Nachos w/ shredded beef. We moved into the dining room very nice, clean and complete with white table cloths.Now I understood why most items on the menu were $9.99 for lunch. After a short wait the food arrived. The burger (which I ordered medium) arrived well done with fries. It was OK, hard to mess up a burger except for being over cooked. Now the nachos were another story...Super thick/hard chips, some cheez whiz type stuff on the plate, a little (and I mean little) pica de giao (sp), a tiny drizzle of sour cream and a dab of guac on top of the (tough) shredded beef. No jalapenos, olives, re fried beans, real cheese melted on top nor salsa on the side. My wife had to ask for salsa.Terrible. (Great nachos are available at Bj's on E. Trop and Harmon or the Peppermill on the strip). It's hard to believe that a supposedly good cook cannot create a wonderful plate of nachos. (Just read his bio)I guess the topper is that the Mrs was not even comped for her Coke after playing $40. How cheap is that. I was told that the bar and eatery were separate. Guess she should have had a shot of Jack or was told the 'rules' before ordering.Needless to say we will not be back. The two stars are for the server, if not for her there would be no stars. Sorry.
4	Found this place because of yelpers back at the old location. (may have done a review back then) Now Carlos is back right up the street at the Spectators Bar. Don't let the location run you off. The quality of the food is excellent. You really must try the chicken nachos, finely chopped chicken atop freshly fried tortilla chips with fresh pico and sour cream. YUM!!!The fish and chips were so fresh, no frozen fish here!! Seriously the best fish and chips I have ever had.Steamed mussels, oh yeah! I wish they would expand or change the menu a bit. I know they are probably a little limited because of the "bar" location and clientele. I will revisit regularly!
5	Amazing food, always great service. Delicious food with daily yummy specials. I've never had a bad dish and the food always exceeds my expectations.
5	While waiting for my daughter to finish a magic the gathering tournament at the nearby Little Shop of Magic, I wandered into Carlos' Kitchen and the connected Spectator's bar  I will review Specator's separately.The menu in both locations is supplied by Carlos.  Carlos is a former instructor at Le Cordon Bleu and I am glad he came out to discuss Burger philosophy and general cooking techniques with me.  He truly loves the art of cooking and I enjoyed meeting him.I started with onion rings which were lightly battered and fried to a golden glow.  The batter was unlike other batters as it had a sweetness to it.  I followed the rings with a bacon cheddar burger.  Now I have been searching for a truly great burger since I moved here.  I ordered the burger medium (I knew I was in for a treat as most places don't even ask).  The burger was perfectly cooked Angus beef with just the right amount of pink without being undercooked.  Carlos takes pride in the quality and flavor of the meat and it shows.  The bun was crisp on the outside and soft inside and the cheese was melted so it covered the top and sides but didn't fall out onto your hands.This is one of the best burgers in the area and the price is right.  Burger, fries and onion ring appetizer cost me only $17.00.I can't wait to come back and sample some of Carlos' other creations.  This is a diamond in the rough.  Don't miss your chance to meet Carlos!
5	We came here for a quick lunch with little expectations. We were pleasantly surprised with a good variety. The food was fresh and great!
4	I like this place! The service was good and so was the food. You're inside a bar that runs a separate tab for you for the drinks. That's okay... so long as you understand you're paying two separate bills.There's standard bar food like burgers and fries. But go for whatever special they have the day you arrive. You won't be disappointed. Like others, Carlos came out to say hello to our table and I thought that was a really nice touch. You sure don't get that at other video poker sports bars.Save room for dessert too. The cobbler was delicious and made me wish I was in my jammies in front of a fire.
5	Very, very, very good! The quality of food offered at Carlos' is amazing. The flavor of everything was such a delight.  We will be back with friends!
4	I'm definitely a fan. I went back for lunch today and had the Bleu Burger. It was perfectly cooked at med-rare as I asked. My friend asked for medium and she got the right pinkness too. I hate it when kitchens overcook the meat but this has never been a problem here.  Service was attentive and helpful. He made suggestions and described the specials beautifully. Carlos came out and said hello to us again. I think it's a really nice touch that he does that.
3	Where is this price to quality ratio everyone is talking about? I'm not saying quality is low - I'm saying it's fine food for an average price.Let's be clear: this is essentially gourmet, thought-out bar food. With very, very slow but nice service. We had...- The famous nachos with chicken. This took forever to reach our table. I know the tortilla chips are fried up when you order it, but I don't think it did a whole lot for the flavor. They were hard as rocks, which was offset by the cheese grease anyway. The amount of chicken was low and it was like... tiny crumby bits. Nothing looked fresh or appealing. This was all for around $12. Wait... what? Why? A few blocks away you can get extremely similar, with greater volume, for cheaper, at Porchlight Bar and Grille. No freshly fried chips, but more chicken and toppings.- A specialty mac-n-cheese burger. I'd say this was definitely the tastiest item we had. Tons of melty cheese and carbs carbs carbs. Basically there were fried pieces of cheese on top of this already greasy burger. There is nothing more rewarding to the brain than protein and fat. It was all here and delicious. But this is easy.- A chopped beef salad. Perhaps as disappointing as the chips for the same reason. If you're saying there's chopped beef on it, you better make sure there is enough on there to say your customer had more than a few bites. This was a salad that happened to have some beef here and there. And it was cold.I don't think I'd come back. The atmosphere is nothing to speak of, and prices are unreasonably high - especially for the hype. Hype aside, if nobody told me this was supposed to be special, this would have hit the mark. It's bar food. There needs to be more effort in the places immediately noticeable. For example, we waited a while for the nachos. They were probably being fried. I don't think this was a benefit to the dish ultimately. Just made us wait longer and allowed emphasis on the lack of chicken for an extra few dollars. I'd say everything just took a long time for an average result. What's to stop me from going to Porchlight where service is more frequent, food is out faster, and quality is right there with it? Not to mention, buy a drink and appetizers are half off.I'm more than sure Chef Carlos appreciates his process and is a great chef. I just wish the efforts were in a place more easily appreciated to the common man strolling in. I just wasn't wowed by bar food with (reasons unknown to me) accolades.
4	Carlos' Kitchen is a true gem.  If you are in the mood for bar food or some good American comfort food, Carlos has got the goods for you.Every time we have visited, Chef Carlos comes out to talk to us explaining all the specials and all of the upcoming specials he'll be serving.   It feels like you're visiting family - it s true home cooken.All the burgers, fries, fish n chips are cooked to perfection.  Chef Carlos is a master in putting together masterful sauce creations.   We love the chicken angelo.  All of the soups are prepared daily - i love the manahattan clam chowder.
5	So we were visiting family in LV.  A co-worker of mine who had recently been to LV told me about CK.  How he found it I will have to ask him next time I see him.  And a word about him, he is a chef caliber cook who was filmed on a segment on a TV cooking show a few years ago.  He raved about CK.  Was a walking, living, breathing commercial.So on to CK.  I was thoroughly impressed.  First is the menu has the basics, but he adds specialty items for those wanting something a little fancier than standard comfort food.  Most places try to do one or the other.  First restaurant I have been to where the chef came out, introduced himself, and answered any questions about the menu. I had the bleu burger.  I don't order many burgers because they are so easy to make at home.  But owing to the good reviews I figured it would be good and it was.  I ordered it medium and it was just right.  Maybe the best burger I have had out.  My wife ordered the spicy chicken salad.  He told her it would be hot and she said OK.  She said it was a bit warm for her but ate her share.  Not going to blame him when he gives you a heads up.  Others in our group were completely satisfied with their entrees.   We had a goat cheese appetizer and deserts. I had the chocolate lava cake.  I normally don't order deserts at a restaurant because of a severe peanut allergy and a near death experience many years ago after eating a store bought cake.  But Carlos said he makes the lava cake on site and there isn't a peanut in the joint or on the ingredients list.  So I trusted him and boy it was good.In summary:  Very good food.  Reasonable prices.  Incomparable attention from the Chef.  What is wrong with Las Vegas?  This place should be full on a Saturday night.  We will be back next time we are in town.
4	Great food everything on menu is Simply delicious.. And customer service is impeccable.. Deff recommend this place as a must go and eat
5	This place is AMAZING.  The chef came to our table and personally welcomed us.  We ordered 2 of the daily specials and were MORE than pleased with the food.  I had the Dagwood sandwich, and my dining companion had the Chicken Parm.  Both were delightful.  The desserts were to die for.  One of the better Creme Brulees I've ever had the pleasure of eating, and the indulgence platter is an astounding mix of brownies, cheesecake, ice cream, fruit, whipped creme, and these cheesecake spring rolls that were good enough to warrant a return visit all on their own.The place is a sports bar, so you wouldn't expect to find gourmet food here, but give it a shot.  I'll definitely be back.
5	We have eaten here many times and always enjoy it, but last night was extra special. We had the most amazing Valentines dinner.My husband told me not to post a review about how incredibly delicious it was because then everyone in town will be eating there and it will get too crowded.Oh well, I'm writing the review anyways! Chef Carlos Hernandez never dissapoints. He makes the juiciest tastiest burgers ever!Even the bun is perfection, it doesn't fall apart when loaded up with yummy toppings. The French fries are hot, and crisp with a light beer batter coating, also perfection.Pastas are good, the mussles are num num num.Now about last nights Valentines Dinner.It was a wine pairing and Chef Carlo NAILED it! Each wine was the perfect compliment to each course.We started with lobster bisque cappuccino. Served in a demitasse cup with a frothy head, it was about the best I've ever had. Smooth, rich and creamy with an intense lobster flavor, delicious.The salad was arrugula with pear slices, small blue cheese crumbles, and walnuts with a very light dressing. Soooo good.Our main course was filet mignon, topped with lobster tail, atop a bed of red bell pepper mashed potatoes with fingerling carrot and green been accompianments. Everything was outstanding. Tender, flavorful meats, creamy mashers, all dente veggies, ooohhh lala.Dessert was a hot chocolate molten cake topped with berries. Ooozing with chocolaty goodness. Absolutely Devine. We also had the vanilla raspberry pannecota, it was wonderful. To top it off, Chef Carlo greeted us when we arrived, and again took time at the end to come out and say thanks.Do your self a favor, and check this place out. The also do catering for special events. The only downside is occasionally they have a lesser experienced person serving tables.
3	Went there just now, based on the Yelp reviews. We were the only people on the restaurant side, which was weird, didn't think they were open! Service was perfect, food was not bad at all, but nothing outstanding to recommend. The fries and the nachos with chicken were the best part, the Reuben was my least favorite - they do it with cubed corned beef, and small cubes, at that. And not many cubes. So it lacks the hearty bite of a great Reuben, more like a "Hot Pocket" consistency.Overall, it was clean but loud (the sports fans and jukebox in the bar next door are perfectly audible, since there is no door dividing the two, just an open archway). No big deal, but far from "romantic", if that's what you're looking for.Again, it was just "meh".
5	last night I had the Ahi Tuna and cleaned my plate, it was so good.  hubby had a huge hamburger, cooked a perfect medium and wonderful crispy fries.  the chef Carlo visited all the diners tables, introduced himself, making us feel so comfortable.  he shared his food philosophy and answered all our questions.  we will definitely return!
5	Awesome regular menu...And always some great specials. Chef has come out to say hi every time we've gone.
5	LOVE, LOVE, LOVE this place!! The food and service are both great! Carlo's is so personable and aims to please his customers.  He'll make any substitutions you like or even create unique entrees to suit your preferences.  I've been there a number of times and have never been disappointed (except when I go on Tuesday and they are closed! lol)  All the food is delicious and prepared to perfection!  Definitely worth checking out!
5	Carlos will welcome you as if you were family; if he's not hard at work creating his incredibly delicious plates in the kitchen. Very friendly wait staff, comfortable & very clean dining room, and there is a small casino & bar attached on case you want a little light entertainment after an amazing dinner. The staff are very flexible to your gluten-free needs, & will gladly help you design the right entree for your palate. Come visit Carlos, and enjoy yourself!
3	Carlos' Kitchen is a small restaurant right next door/inside the Spectator's Bar on the corner of Flamingo & Durango. We came in a little over an hour before closing and only one other table had been sat. Our waitress was very nice and extremely knowledgeable about the menu. Aside from their normal items, they also offer a soup of the day and different daily specials.As other reviews have mentioned, the separation between the restaurant and bar itself, isn't much of one. Since I used to smoke myself, I don't complain but you can definitely see the smokiness in the air of the restaurant and that's a bit disappointing. It could be because we were in a bit late but I can certainly see how this would bother a lot of people. I ordered the burger special that day which was The Southwest Burger. It was a decent burger but cooked unevenly. I'm not sure how they managed to do so but half the burger was cooked medium rare, like I like, and the other half was overdone...at least for my taste. Even so, the burger itself had decent flavor and it was a good size patty for a $10 buyer. The fries were really the saving grace for me and I could have made myself sick eating them. They have a thick, salty breading and are just delicious. The wifey ordered a ribeye which she enjoyed but didn't amaze with it's $17 price tag.Chef Carlos came out to check on us and the other couple there which was much appreciated. And while the food was decent, it's a bit overpriced. If I was in the area, I'd come back to try one of the popular soups but I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here again.
5	I agree, this place is amazing.  as the expression goes, never judge a book by its cover.  As I drove up to the place, nothing jumped out and caught my eye. As I walked into the dining room, I knew right away I was in a very good restaurant.I was immediately greeted by Iris, great table service and extremely knowledgable about every dish and every ingredient on it.  Impressive.The appetizers, from grilled heats of romaine, with mango chutney sauce with balsamic vinegar, to fried goat cheese cakes were wonderful.Its hard to pick any one entree over the other. There all just that good.  I settled on burger for lunch, half pound Angus burger with all the fresh toppings, that was probably the best burger I have had in years. I highly recommend dining at this place, the only bad thing is their closed on Tuesdays....I could eat here every day....the food is that great :)
5	restaurant connected to a bar in a gas station parking lot...r u kidding me? wow!!!!fried goat cheese cake with balsamic glaze over top, say no more, this is on my top 10 food items list. and lets just say most of them are at 5 star restaurants but this definitely made the list! perfect breading, good quality goat cheese, and perfect amount of glaze and its not too overbearing in anyway.we had 2 wraps with fries as well and those were both good size, with good flavors. fries cooked perfect with good seasoning and not overly salty. had a steak the first visit and not exactly a place i would expect a good steak but thats exactly what i got with good flavoring and at a great price point. white table cloth restaurant that is connected with a bar with gaming and its in the chevron station parking lot. too funny. this place is right down the st from my house which makes it convenient but hard to stay healthy with fried goat cheese. what a find from my girlfriend. thank you to the other yelpers for this find!
4	This place is awesome. Best buffalo chicken sandwich in town. Can't beat the price or the food.. Go often.
4	Found Carlos' Kitchen on yelp.  We couldn't believe it was located in the parking lot of gas station & weren't really sure it was even open!  There were a few people in the bar next door, but we had the restaurant to ourselves.  The staff was very nice and helpful when asked for suggestions.  The food was delicious! My husband and I each chose a different special:  I chose a salmon entree and he chose a pork chop entree.  While we were eating, Carlos came out to say hello and ask how our meal was!  I've been in fancier/more expensive restaurants and rarely received personal attention from the chef!  We chose a dessert sampler plate which did not disappoint!  The restaurant was by no means fancy.  My only negative was the smokiness from bar wafting in.  I really dislike smoky places, but a few bites into the meal I was surprised I was more focused on the food.
3	Came here for lunch on a thursday afternoon with some friends. Randomly came across this location upon yelp to try new places. Easy to find location located right next to the Chevron gas station on the SE corner of Flamingo & Durango. Greeted and seated very fast. (though it was quite empty - one other customer at the restaurant. After we were served our waters, the waitress left and came back later to tell us the specials right before taking our order. (little out of order i think? don't people usually mention the specials when you get the menu?)I had gotten one of the specials for today. Mixed Grill BBQ Pork Chop, Andouille Sausage, and a side of cole slaw and waffle cut sweet potato fries - $12.99 - i guess i was expecting it to be a bit bigger in portion size. Especially in comparison to the Chef C Teaser my friend got (refer to pictures). BBQ Pork Chop was grilled and glazed with a BBQ sauce. Size was relatively small. Maybe the size of my palm, maybe slightly smaller. Sausage was two pieces, fairly good, in size? together, maybe like 6" in length (lol . . . i know what some of you may be thinking . . . ! ! ) Flavor wise, both were pretty good. The pork chop was cooked well and was juicy. Sausage was a bit "burnt" to a way were the casing was black but flavor was good. The cole slaw (wasnt a preference in terms of salad anyway) was ok. A little bitter, not sure what types of cabbage or w/e the chef was using. The waffle cut sweet potato fries were fresh and super crispy. Almost can say that was the best part of the dish. Lol which means probably wont get this again XD Chicken Wings - (Mild/Medium/Chef's Special Hot Sauce) served with French Fries and Ranch/Bleu Cheese Dressing - $8.99- Decent portion for an appetizer. Variety of wings and drumsticks. The chicken wings were cooked perfectly. Juicy meat. Easy to eat and flavored well. Chef "C" Teaser - Chicken fingers, chicken wings, onion rings, pepper jack shots, mac & cheese bites, french fries, celery & carrots, ranch/bleu cheese) - $14.99 - despite the higher price for an appetizer, this dish is no joke ! SO MUCH FOOD ! Friend ordered this as a entree, could barely eat half even with some help from my other friend and I. The pepper jack shots were light, slightly spicy. Shaped like hush puppies. One of my favorite items on this plate. Wings were the same as the chicken wings listed above. Fries were thickly cut. In between normal fries and maybe steak fries. Best bang for the buck ! great for sharing or eating as an entree between two people ! Overall, good experience. Chef Carlos came out to greet us (which is surprising, you rarely ever see that much anymore). Great service.
4	First time here. We weren't too excited about sitting in the dining area as it lacked atmosphere and was cheesy;The bar area had better atmosphere so we ate in there (down side was the smoke of course) Another down fall- the music was very "country"The goat cheese cakes were AMAZING- get them!!Rueben was great as well but it took awhile to get it for some reason. Crispy fries- Beats the hell outta Kopper Keg Pretty sure we'll be back.
3	I'm giving this 3 stars now although I will probably go back when nearby and adjust my review based on more information.I went because i was in the mood for burger and fries and hate fast food.  It definitely was not disappointing.  Great burger flavor, cooked perfectly, great bun, toasted just right and LOVED the fries.I loved that the chef/owner meets everyone who comes in.  The guy seems to care.  I thought the waitress was friendly and responsive. It seemed a tiny bit long of a wait for a burger but then I was really hungry to it could just be my growling stomach.  That being said both burger and fries were hot of the grill, out of the basket so there was no waiting around.  The got it to me seconds after it was done.I tried the dessert you see everywhere here and really liked it.  SUPER sweet so if you like something mildly sweet this won't work for you.  I wasn't sure what it was by photos but wanton wrapped cheesecake fried and ice cream and fried something else that was supposed to be bananas foster but tasted like more cheesecake (fine with me) and brownie and then fried wonton strips that look like noodles and everything drizzled with chocolate syrup and fruit syrup.  I actually liked the light crunchy of the fried wonton strips with the sweet syrup. It was fun.The regular menu wasn't small but not as big as a lot of kind of "pub food" places I have seen.  I was hoping for a special I was interested in like schnitzel but just decided to stick with the plan on burger and fries.-------------------------------------------------Note:  I was there fairly early for dinner but it seemed very family friendly.  there were only 2 other groups and both had youngish children to early teens.  One said they came there all the time.  The waitress either knew kids well and/or had them herself because she immediately said there was not a kids menu but suggested some really good things the kids got excited about-----------------------------------------------Now a few things I think could use improvement:1. It smells a little musty like old cigarette smoke.  There's a bar attached but not burning cigarettes.  I looked at all the curtains and window coverings and things and all clean and fresh paint.  I'm guessing the ceiling tiles absorbed a lot of smoke previously.  minor but noticable2. definitely "on a budget" decorating so kudos for trying to put out white table clothes and padding underneath but if you can't iron the creases out at least 86 the plastic flowers on the table.
5	This is the second time I've been and again was blown away by the food and gracious host in Carlos.  Because it is somewhat hidden behind a gas station on Durango, it is better seen from Flamingo... This is the kind of place that will catch on by word of mouth.  Carlos told us that he will make requests from customers if he has the ingredients which is awesome.  The Mediterranean salad was out of this world!  The grilled shrimp was to die for - marinated and juicy.  They have specials every day and my husband and father-in-law have eaten there three times now.  Do try it and tell your friends and family about this hidden gem!!
5	I've always passed by Carlos ' s kitchen. I've bookmarked it on my yelp account, and months later I finally visited this kitchen. My compliments go out to the chef and his staff. They were very friendly, helpful and welcoming. We got the daily special which was Tha Asian burger and some fish and chips. The fish was lightly battered and was crisped to perfection. The tilapia was very fresh and if kind of just melted in your mouth.  The burger my bf ordered was cooked medium rare... I wish I knew exactly what was in it to better describe it, however all I can say was it was so juicy and flavorful! It was in a sesame bun that was toasted and came with a side of fries. Our daughter enjoyed the Dessert very much. We ordered the deep fried cream cheeee...  mmmmmmmmm... I'm getting hungry thinking about the food from there. Chef Carlos also came out of the kitchen to say hi and see how we were doing. that made our visit all the more special. We will be coming back very soon.
5	The good..Excellent foodGood priceEverything made from scratch (including the mozzarella )The bad...Smoke from the bar. No door between restaurant and bar.
4	The food was absolutely delicious and the prices are phenomenal. I had a cup of their lentil soup with sausage (I would recommend trying this) and their buffalo chicken sandwich with french fries and it was only $15. For a sit down lunch I don't think that is a bad price at all. The restaurant was not that packed, I'm thinking because I went on Father's Day. There was one waitress for about 4 tables. I would say the service was average. Nothing too above and beyond but nothing horrible. I would go back!
5	Very good food at great prices in a bar! I wish more restaurants were like this! Sampled four different dishes and they were all great. The dessert was really good and that's saying a lot because I usually don't like sweet food. Chef Carlos came out from the kitchen to check on his patrons and to see if everything's ok. Now that is awesomeeeeee!
4	First experience here was very good. We showed up at 9:15p and even though they were technically closed, they still served us which was very nice of them. Our server, Iris was incredibly nice and very knowledgeable. She took a quick moment to explain the specials and did so with a pleasant attitude. Will definitely come back again!!
4	We've been here in person a few times, once for lunch, once for dinner, and umpteen times for takeout. The food is consistently amazing, and the prices make it a neighborhood joint you can afford to keep coming back to. The burgers are phenomenal, the nachos are a perfect substitute for dinner when you're not that hungry but require munchies to go with your beer. Every time I've tried the special of the day, I have been shocked at how cheap the place is. My all-time favorite is a bleu-cheese steak alfredo type pasta dish that I have been craving for about a week now. I am normally not an alfredo person; they normally end up either slimy and watery, or so rich I feel sick halfway through the plate. I don't even know how I ordered this alfredo, but it was perfect. I sopped up every drop of the sauce with my bread, and was still super sad when it was gone.I've never had anything I didn't deeply enjoy here, and the very small staff are always amazingly attentive, offer great suggestions (see entry: me eating alfredo) and make you feel like you're in on some amazing secret. Pros:- Great food, great prices. Seriously, what more do you people want?!- Warm, friendly, oddly "small town" atmosphere. - Super easy parking, great location in town.Cons:- Attached to a sad and smoky, stinky bar, and some of the smoke leaks in. Ahhhh, Vegas.
3	Wish I could give 3.5 stars.Anyway, after much review reading from Yelp, the fiance and I decided to give it a shot, as we were tired of all the Asian food we eat. :)Atmosphere and decor is alright. It's not too fitting since it's attached to a bar. The restaurant isn't too big, and it wasn't incredibly busy either.Our servers name was Iris, a very nice lady who seemed very knowledgeable about the menu and how the items were prepared. She was the only server working though, and it showed, She was very busy with the 7 tables at once and we overheard her apologize to every table about their waits. We had to wait awhile to order, however we did not mind too much.Fast forward to the food. For our appetizer, we ordered the beef nachos. It was pretty disappointing. I appreciate that the chips are fried to order, however it seemed very unnecessary. We had very little toppings, a few scraps of meat, and the cheese was glued to all the chips. It wasn't too "stringy", it just seemed like the dish was sitting under the heat lamp too long. Our entrees were alright too. I had the crispy chicken sandwich w/fries and a broccoli cream soup. The chicken wasn't as crispy, and the buffalo sauce seemed a bit off. The soup was bland however the presentation was beautiful. The fries are AMAZING. My fiance ordered the Chicken Angelina, a chicken breast in garlic-spinach mashed potatoes with dijon mustard sauce. It was pretty decent, no complaints. The service was a little slow, and the chef came out and spoke to everyone about their meals and asked how everything was. It was very neat to see a chef come out and greet the customers, one of the reasons why this is a three star review.Overall, we appreciate the effort of the chef. Our food is decent and the service was friendly but slow. There are just too many other places in the valley to justify us returning. Best of luck though, the chef is a nice guy.
4	Came here with my boyfriend and had a great time. Iris was our server and she was fantastic. Very knowledgable and friendly. We ordered the hummus and it was pretty tasty. I got the chicken dish with mashed potatoes, mushrooms, artichoke hearts and Dijon sauce. Not a big fan of the sauce but everything else was fantastic. Andre got the ribeye with veggies instead of the traditional sides and he was very happy with it. He raved about it and told the sever how fantastic it was. Carlos (the owner and chef) came out to our table and talked with us about it and Andre told him again how fantastic it was. We'll definitely be back!
5	My husband and I love Carlos' Kitchen. Start with Tortilla crusted shrimp and goat cheese cakes. Delicious and beautifully presented. Most recently Husband had the chop steak special and basically licked his plate clean. I usually have the strawberry chicken salad. It is the salad I crave whenever I think I want a salad. Carlos is awesome; he always come to the table to say hi and check on the food and service ( which has never disappointed). We bring anyone who comes from out of town here also. They leave saying they can't believe how good a restaurant next to a video poker bar!
1	This place is not kid friendly. Anyone under 21 is not allowed in the restaurant. Doesn't say that on Yelp.
3	I liked the place,  it is unexpected place like I had read in reviews,  but once you are in there it's quaint,  the waitress Iris is very nice and knows the menu well,  I got the steak and blue cheese penne dish,  it was really good,  my daughter got the ribeye and mashed potatoes,  it was good as well,  she also got the chocolate Moulton cake and loved it,  for a $50 lunch I guess I expected a little more fancy but I would go there again but I wasn't blown away,  it's a good meal though just a little bit over priced I thought...
4	At first look you would hesitate to walk in. It's attached to a bar. I ordered the nachos with beef. The beef was was soft with just the right seasonings, so delicious.  BF ordered the grilled cheese sandwich and they added bacon at his request. He said it was very good. It all tasted really fresh. The specials sounded amazing. If we had more time we probably would have ordered one. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because since it is attached to a bar you can definitely smell it. We would come back if we are ever back in this area.
5	Excellent food at reasonable prices. The smoke from the connected bar is a bit much for someone who doesn't smoke and works in an office. The chef is there and super nice. They do wine and beer events. Check out their FB page. Be warned that Chef Carlos likes his heavy cream. We had soup, chicken, pasta, and dessert. All were fantastic. Can't wait til he finds his new location more suitable to the quality of his food.
2	I always go between two and three stars but the category of "meh" just seems to fit especially in light of the fact that I have wanted to try this place for some time based on other yelpers and was underwhelmed by the experience. So first off, we went there around noon. When we walked in no one was there except for one person, who appeared to be an employee, sleeping in a corner booth. Granted he could have just sat down for a break and passed out as he was sitting but shouldn't another employee taken notice and woke him up? We sat there for a few minutes and then realized that it was likely no one would help us unless we flagged them down so my friend went and told the bar tender (the dining area is seperate from the bar) that we were there. A nice older lady helped us. The only reason I note that she is older is that she clearly had a hard time hearing our orders, and due to her difficulty she missed that my friend ordered a "chicken ceasar salad" and only heard the ceasar salad part... when she brought out his order and it was pointed out to her she said she could get the chicken but it would take awhile. As to the food - Carlos came out and greeted us. I notified him that we had not been there before and asked for recommendations. He said that the specials of the day were always good. Today it was chicken parmagian and a greek feta burger, he touted that the burger was wonderful and clearly the way to go. He described the 85/15 fat percentage of the angus beef and the brioche bun. Taking his recommendation this is what I ordered - medium rare. The burger was somewhere in between a medium rare and a medium. It was quite large and came with french fries. The cost was $10.99, a little hefty for a burger from a bar and not a "burger bar". The bun was great, buttery and did not become soggy. It stood up well to the burger. The patty was what you would expect for homemade. However, the toppings weren't what I thought I just didn't truly get the mediterranean flavor profile I was expecting. There seemed to be a lot of wilted greens, what I believe was spinach, and the flavor of the greens overpowered the delicate flavor of feta. The french fries were frozen but they were crispy and fine, more like pub fries, nothing outstanding but nothing bad either. I ordered a side of ranch for the fries - the ranch was house made although it had an odd flavor I can't even describe it, clearly it was some house seasoning that I am not used to in ranch. And my big pet peeve they didn't tell us and they charged $.50 for ranch. I could see charging for ranch or other dressing if a patron was abusing it, but with the up charge for burgers etc. and they can' t fork out a few pennies for a side of ranch is just unacceptable to me and then if you are going to charge at least have the decency to notify me ahead of time. I know  you are saying it's just 50 cents, but truly it is the principle of the matter to me.Also, there was one other couple that walked in shortly after us but we put our order in first. We arrived at 12:10, put our order in around 12:20 and it took about half an hour for our food. For fresh cooked, and the fact that Carlos was probably the only one in the kitchen, I understand but I only note this as if you are on your lunch hour and looking for a quick bite based on service and the length to get your food this might not be your best bet. Another friend got the nachos. I had one. It was good, chips fried from flour tortillas. However, even thought it was the appetizer size it was a lot smaller than I had anticipated and my friend was not full upon leaving.On the upside they had fresh brewed ice tea ($2.00) but I didn't get that many refills as due to the lack of service I had to flag someone down for a refill and then later she came back once to refill again. Yes three teas may be plenty for some, but they were smaller glasses which were filled with ice (which is fine) but servers should be attentive to empty drink glasses to provide prompt refills, especially when there are only two tables.Oh also the smell of smoke was a bit much for me, they kept the door open between the bar and the dining area so the smoke from the few patrons in the bar wafted order and permeated the restaurant. I smelled faintly like old Fremont St. casinos upon leaving, not my preferred scent. I am not one of those people that absolutely avoid all smoke but I did find that it detracted from the dining experience.
5	We love it here!!! I love the atmosphere and the food! Carlos is an amazing cook! Everything on the menu is cook to perfection.
5	Love the atmosphere and the staff is the perfect blend of warm and sass. Andrew was amazing! The food and drinks were perfect. Must try the rainbow cauliflower and the flatbreads are great!!! Going with a group and order some of everything is a great way to explore the menu. Small menu but everything has a purpose.  And you must try the bread pudding. How do you make a donut even better. Tasting is believing. Cocktails of the house are worth trying. Enjoy!!!
5	I'm SO sad that this place closed down. It had great potential and the food was really very good. I loved it even with the annoying bar smoke. A little marketing would have gone a long way. :( Going to miss you Carlos, I really wish you a ton of success with your next venture!!
5	sad to learn Carlos is now closed.  Had to learn the hard way.  Carlos, if you are out there, let us know where your new restaurant is!
