3	There are better amusement parks, sure.  But Kennywood is traditional style including a wooden coaster.  http://www.kennywood.com/
5	I've been to a lot of amusement parks, but none of them compare to Kennywood and the park is often rated as one of the top in the country.Great amusement park food, rides (even if they haven't added anything new, you don't mess with tradition - the Noah's Ark, Grand Prix, the Turtle, the Whip!) and all around fun. Although, I believe two new rides are going to be added in 2007.Somewhat pricey, but so is Six Flags and every other park out there...The key is to buy tickets for the local community days and have fun!
5	I looooove Kennywood. We just went for the first time this year and it's just as great as before. The ticket price increases don't bother me. The fun is well worth the cost.
5	KENNYWOOD! Oh jeebus, just thinking of Kennywood makes me feel like the happiest person in the world. I grew up in Pittsburgh and had the most fun there. I still have a lot of family, so every time we visit and Kennywood is open, we go. It is seriously the funnest place EVER, and I've never been to anything else like it. I only hate that they made the Old Mill a hideous garfield ride... seriously, garfield?? WHY? And there are so few Old Mills left as is ): Can't stand the redone Noah's Ark either, but I guess they felt forced to update. It would just be cool if parks could keep their oldest rides as they were from the beginning for history's sake. Kennywood has still been pretty good at keeping that old fashioned spirit alive though.Big scary rollercoasters terrify me, but I'm SO in love with the jack rabbit (that double dip rocks), the racer, and of course the thunderbolt. Mmmm. Also, the log jammer is cheesy but amazing, and I love the rapids, dirty water and all. I am also ALL about the whip, the turtle, and the bavarian swings. I always go on the Olde Kennywood Railroad, and that laughing animatronic woman is HIDEOUS... but awesome.Oh yes, and the final ride of all, the ski lift up to your car. I find it actually more terrifying than any of the thrill rides D: shudder.Anyway, I have so many wonderful memories of Kennywood, and I know I will always return to make more (:Oh yes, one more thing - Potato patch fries! yum!
5	Kennywood!  Ah Kennywood!  How do I love thee?  Let me count the ways....That Kennywood Park is one of the last and oldest traditional amusement parks around is enough to give a five-star rating.  No "themes", few characters, and the emphasis is just on having good ol' fashioned clean fun and being a kid again for a day!If you've read some of my earlier threads, you'll know that I, Susan D, am a rollercoaster daredevil.  There's no rollercoaster that I can't tame!  But more on that in a moment.  Let's begin with the "next best" group of rides, the "classic" thrill rides.  Why is it that the oldest thrill rides are the most fun?  I'm referring specifically to "The Whip", which was built in 1919--yes the ride is almost 90 years old!  It's a good ol' fashioned  "crack-the-whip" ride, which 16 cars  travel an elliptical track and "whip" the riders as they go around the bend at either end.  It is NASTY!    Then there's "The Kangaroo", which simulates the effect of a Kangaroo jumping. Once a regular in amusement parks, it is the last remaining of its kind.  WICKED!Want to get wet?  Kennywood has three rides that will take care of that!  "Raging Rapids" is your typical rapids ride.  "Log Jammer" is still there too.  My personal favorite is the "Pittsburg Plunge"  (no 'H' at the end--that's how the city was originally spelled).  This is based on a ride at the old Riverview Park in Chicago in which several people are seated in a boat that hurtles down a chute towards a big splash at the end.And finally, as promised, we come to the rollercoasters!  THESE are why I go to any amusement park.  Which are better, the clanky old coasters from the 1920s or the smooth steel coasters of today?  Or is it a moot point?  Naturally I have to ride each at least twice--once in front for the view and once in back for the G-forces.  "The Racer" is a twin-racing coaster from 1927.  Next is "The Jackrabbit", from 1921, with it's notorious "double-dip".  Then we come to "The Thunderbolt", still a perennial in every roller-coaster aficionado's "top-ten" list.  Finally, there is "The Phantom's Revenge"--a refashioning of the 1991 "Steel Phantom".  I'm still undecided on whether or not Iike the new version better.  One thing is for sure, I do miss the "Steel Phantom's" loops.  But on this coaster, the biggest drop on this ride is not the first but the second.  It drops 230 feet and reaches 85mph!  Oh, and the second drop is hidden, so if you're riding with a newbie, don't tell that person!Oh, and I like the merry-go-round too!
5	Kennywood has a fantastic collection of roller coasters and older, smaller rides - and the park just has such a super-friendly feeling about it - I love it!!  Compared to other amusement parks, Kennywood also has GREAT food!  I have to have that duble heder ice cream cone - gimme chocolate, nuts and a cherry, please!The new-ish Ghostwood Estate ride is fun - shooting a little laser blaster all over the place can't be that bad, right?  And Noah's Ark is a classic walk-through (slightly updated) that some people might think is lame, but you should check it out if only for a little bit of history.  If you're into drop rides, check out Kennywood's it's not the tallest there is, but you get pretty damn high.  The roller coasters aren't huge and high tech - but they're all solid and in some cases really classic.  The Jackrabbit is one of the classics (a little rough on the spine...), as are the Thunderbolt and the Racer - wheeee!  Phantom's Revenge is a good steel coaster and the Exterminator is a surprisingly fun and wild indoor ride.The smaller classic rides are so unique and fun!  The Kangaroo makes a hilarious little bouncing sound, the Turtle and the Whip are good old-time fun, the swings are beautiful and the car rides (and bumpers!) are great.One ride that most people overlook is the one that I have never seen at another park (is there another one out there like this?): the ski lift through the parking lot.  Way to save us the potentially long walk back to the car, Kennywood!  Ah, fun memories - I can't wait for next coaster season!
5	Kennywood is amazing! I had always wanted to go and went there yesterday for opening day! I rode lots of the super amazing rides. While you are there:1. Don't forget to stop at The Potato Patch. They have the best fries in North America!2. You MUST MUST MUST ride the Phantom's Revenge... and everything else, too, like the Thunderbolt, SwingShot, The Jackrabbit, The Pittsburg Plunge, Raging Rapids, Log Jammer, Garfield's Nightmare..etc.3. High-five (or hug) Kenny, the Kennywood Kangaroo. I prefer the high-five.The only bad thing was that the King Kahuna and the Exterminator were not running, but I still had a memory-filled day! Welcome to Kennywood, "America's Finest Traditional Amusement Park." While there, make sure that you "Make a New Memory" at Kennywood Park!
5	So I was back at Kennywood again for opening day.  This time I was a little disappointed because, try as I might, after making a beeline for the Phantom's Revenge, I didn't quite make the first trip of the season.   And I didn't even get my choice of seat (front for the view or very back for the G-Forces) because no one else in my party wanted to ride the coasters first thing.  (The wimps wanted to "build up" to it).  So I was paired up with someone.  My fault--not Kennywood's! Oh well, there's always next year and as a Yelp friend of mine pointed out, I can always camp out to be first in line.  Although I think Kennywood's management would frown on that.  In the meantime, read my original review, then get out there and experience for yourself one of the last "traditional" amusement parks!
5	Every wooden coaster afficianado must do the Thunderbolt and the Jack Rabbit- one of the last "camelback" double-hump dips left in the world.  The fries at the Potato Patch are a MUST and the funnel cakes are divine.  Just don't eat then ride!The stuff memories are made of happen here!
4	kennywood is nothing compared to Great Adventure, but its still fun in the burgh. i have a couple observations about the patrons of kennywood.- they are by far the biggest bunch of hicks ever- the grandma with the beard and 2 teeth stopped the raging rapids ride because it took her 10 minutes to walk to the raft and try to get in. - there was a 650 lb man at the potato patch- potato patch fries are insanely good- dippin dots...recognize- make your own slushy like whoa- basketball shootout is super fun- racer the ride rules- phantom's revenge was also fun- 95% white- 65% trash
5	I give it a 5 even though there are surely better amusement parks out there.  However, I've made so many memories at this amusement park, I don't think it could get any better for me, personally.  This place is classic.  Even in my mid-twenties I felt giddy as I walked through the tunnel to enter the park.  PROS:-Wooden coasters- the Jack Rabbit, the Racer, the Thunderbolt.... classic bumpy, creaky, bounce out of your seat fun!-Potato patch french fries (LOTS of vinegar and Heinz ketchup!)-Classic rides like the swings, the merry go round, the paratrooper, the turtle, the turnpike and gran prix, Noah's Ark- Funnel cakes- Fresh squeezed lemonade- Kiddie landCONS:-Small-ish lockers.  We had a hard time fitting our cooler.-The new Noah's Ark.  What happened to the whale's tongue?  And why is it so scary now?  Our kids were pretty freaked out and didn't really enjoy it at all.-Garfield's Nightmare.  AWFUL.  A waste of 45 minutes of my life.  They took out the Old Mill and disgraced the park with a cheesy, slow moving ride that tactlessly promotes brand name sodas, potato chips and other junk food, which, surprise, surprise! they sell at a stand at the end of the ride.  Pathetic.  And what's with the camera at the end of the ride?  All they're going to catch on that camera are people sleeping or being bored to tears.  If you haven't picked up on my subtle hints, let me spell it out for you: DON'T GO ON THIS RIDE!-No more Magic Carpet or ferris wheel.  Boooo.-Trashy young girls walking around in bikini tops with their flabby guts hanging out over their shorts.  Gross.  Look in a mirror or find some honest friends.  Nobody wants to see that.
5	I grew up in this park every summer, worked there when I was a teen, and then moved west. I came back this past June with my daughter wife, and siblings. They weren't packed at all which was cool for us so we could ride the Phantom's Revenge over and over again. That was cool.The potato patch fries still rock my world.It was interesting to walk around corners and see something completely new. Some things were really fun, but others I miss like the Haunted Mill.
3	This place has its place.Certainly not Disney Land.Abandoned in fifth.
5	Native Pittsburgher here! Kennywood is packed with rides. We've been to other parks and they had very few big rides in the park . I guess the Phantom is the new best thing at Kennywood but the Thunderbolt and Jackrabbit are storied legends of the park. If you have not been at parks where the rides are wooden roller coasters then this will be a real treat fir you. Remember this is not Disney so don't expect a Disney experienced is a Pittsburgh experience. If you are around in the summertime you can try out Sandcastle also.
5	Classic rollercoaster heaven!Yeah, this isn't Cedar Point or Disney World, but it's still fantastic.  Obviously, I've got a lot of nostalgia from growing up here and going every year for the "school picnic" in May, but this is a fun time for anyone.  If you're not from the Burgh, but you've ever watched one of those Top 10 Rollercoaster shows on Discovery Channel, chances are you've seen Kennywood.  Also, the movie "Adventureland" with Michael Cera was filmed here.The highlights:1. The fries at the Potato Patch - Great any way you like them!2. The Thunderbolt, Jackrabbit, and Racer - old school wooden roller coasters FTW!3. Noah's Ark - If you can't hear that whistle when I say Kennywood Noah's Ark, then you didn't grow up in Pittsburgh!4. The landscaping5. People watching (esp. if you enjoy fashion faux pas!)Someone mentioned the "Garfieldization" of the Old Mill.  It's definitely not cool.  Kennywood was recently sold to a parent company (from out of the USA; maybe Mexico) and I hope that doesn't mean there's going to be a lot of changes made to the traditional park feel.  Kennywood isn't a Six Flags or Paramount Park, and that's what makes it great.  If it tries to be too much like those, it will really fade away.
4	It's a good time!do *not* expect Disney or 6 Flags' Corporate look or feel.  That's not what this park is all about!Its a great park because of its TRADITIONAL amusement park persona.PROS:Wooden Roller Coaster!  (Jackrabbit & Thunderbolt)Potato Patch Fries  (w/ Cheese or Gravy = Nomnomnom!)Funnel CakesLooking @ dumb people with Fannypacks!!!CONS:its an aging park, therefore a bit dirtyentrance fee is waaaaaaaaaay outa-line("Funday Pass" which is a ride all day pass for $35.99)They completely screwed up the Old Mill (and now its a *little* kids' ride)3 WISHES:1.)  They'd make more "Dark Rides" (i miss the "haunted" types like Le Cachot, the Goldrush (I wonder what they did with that big Spider from the ceiling in there??) and the Original Old Mill.       [http://www.laffinthedark.com/articles/lecachot/lecachot2.htm]2.)  I wish that the Train was like it was when I was a kid!  It had funny characters all through the ride.  It was a funny ride and now its historic.3.)  Lower the prices a tad--Kennywood will get its money one way or another, it wouldn't kill them to make that entrance fee a bit more reasonable!!!If you're in the area, you should check it out; it is worth the trip at least every couple of years.TIP:If you're an adult, go after 5!They have what's called the "Night Rider Pass" and if you go after 5, you can get in for  $20.99.This still gives the average adult plenty of time to ride some of your faves, grab some fries and get outa there!   ;)KENNYWOOD.COM                [http://www.kennywood.com/]
5	I've never been to Cedar point, so I can't compare it to that. But this is my favourite rollercoaster park ever! I've been to most, 6 flags, etc. Why is this my favourite? Because they have as many coasters as some of the bigger parks without being as well known. People don't drive from 3 states away to come here, so crowds aren't as large, but they still have 2 wooden coasters which are the best kind of coaster!I grew up in the area so this park was my life. And i'm due for a visit in a few months and make my demands to my family that I will not visit, unless a trip to Kennywood is on the books! We'll see how much they love me!
4	Oh dear!
4	Kennywood does a good job of balancing the new with the old, the cutting edge with the historic landmarks. It doesn't compete head on with the shiny mega-corp amusement parks and it doesn't need to. It feels much more laid back than the visits I've had to Six Flags in Atlanta, Ga. The landmark classics: The Thunderbolt, The Racers, The Jack Rabbit, the Merry-Go-Round. These are must-see rides. They're oldies but appear well-maintained and are still fun. The new(er): Sky Rocket, Phantom's Revenge (one of fastest at 85 mph!) Everything seemed pretty clean. Lines at the restrooms weren't too bad. As with any amusement park, I recommend starting early and avoiding the crowds at peak times. It's not all roses, mind you. Some rides just need to be gotten rid of: yeah, you Garfield's Nightmare... LAME. And what is up with the skylift between the economy parking lot and the park. It's almost an insult to follow it down into the park looming above (I can't really recall it ever being operational); use it or lose it. Some of the exhibits on the train are the same now as 30 years ago; Change it up! And whose idea was it to add a railing around the Merry Go Round! Well, maybe that cannot be helped to prevent injuries from people jumping on while it is running (I remember doing that and getting yelled at) as well as crowd management. And as with any amusement park, the lines at the rides, ugh. I will admit that Kennywood has a special place in my heart being a part of my early formative life. How much so dawned on me during a recent visit this summer with my kids, my cousin and his family. I told my kids how I used to come here when I was little. I used to come with my parents, my cousins and my friends. I remember when the first steel coaster was erected (The Lazer Loop). And both of my parents often told me of how they visited here when they were younger. They used to come with their parents, their siblings, and their friends. To my parents, the highlights were the wooden coasters like The Thunderbolt. And my maternal Grandmother used to tell me how she visited here when she was younger. She came with her "fresh off the boat" from England parents, her siblings, and her friends. By today's standards, it was more a park than amusement park but my Grandmother did talk about the Merry Go Round. That's four generations now. Granted, Kennywood has changed a lot from what my Grandmother had described, what my my parents had told me, and even what I described to my kids. And I look forward to taking my kids to this park with my summer visits back to Pittsburgh so they can develop their own memories.
3	I had to knock a star off because of all the changes over the past few years. Yes, it is changing to keep up with its competitors but in my opinion Kennywood has prided itself on being kinda old fashioned and nostalgic. They keep taking away from that and putting in new hokey crap. (What's the deal with that shoot 'em up interactive thing) and they took out Past Time (I'm sure me and my Grammy are the only two people that will miss it, but it added so much charm) to put in games that they already have at the other end of the park?! Remodeling Noah's Ark was just unthinkable. Please don't misconstrue my ranting, I still love going to Kennywood. It's great for the whole family or group of friends but because I've been going since I was in utero and have seen all of the changes, it hurts my soul a little bit each time I go back.Admission rates are becoming ridiculous - they need to put a cap on that ASAP. Thankfully, they have the night rider passes which gives old fogies like us just enough time to circle the park twice, ride our favorite rides and stuff our faces with PP fries, corn dogs, and funnel cakes.
3	It was all right but it wasn't faaabulous. Be prepared for pretty long waits for the rollercoasters, and skip some of the old school rides which I'd hoped would have a nostalgic charm but instead were really disappointing (especially the laser-gun haunted house ride. Blah.)
4	You can see the parking lot from the tops of the rides...and I don't care! =)Anyhow, I really had way more fun at this park than I thought I would - super nostalgic feeling, complete with wooden roller-coaster riding (truly the scariest rides known to man) and funnel cake, my family and I loved stepping back in history to this true gem.
5	KENNYWOOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!Man, kennywood... kennywood... kennywood... I would start preparing for Kennywood to open as soon as it closed every year! :) I would get new clothes to go to kennywood, plan out each ride, eat way too much funnel cake, cotton candy and potato patch fries and stay until they kicked me off the rides. I miss it, I haven't been there in many years and I have the best memories of that place...
3	-Smaller amusement park-Overpriced food-Long lines-Didn't have a "fast pass" system-Always crowded-Parking was awful-Good rides were closed...Typical amusement park.
4	True Story:  I went to Kennywood, got Potato Patch fries and left.  No lie! I would have never done this if it wasn't for a couple factors.  One the fact that I had free tickets (hello, I'm cheap!) and Two being that it was CRAZY busy!  Like I had never seen it this busy ever!  I guess it was High School Band Night.  Please, for the love of God, find out when it is every year and NEVER go then!  It was swarming with smelly teens! So obviously Potato Patch fries can justify a long trip here! Seriously though, it's really worth the trip and usually total traffic hassle (seriously, at least one bridge over to the park is closed every year!) to come here once or maybe twice a year!  I love the old amusement park feel.  You definitely don't get that from Cedar Point or a Six Flags. The good things to take away from those major parks is the major rides.  Kennywood has that in the Phantom's Revenge!  I LOVE me some roller coasters and this one is at the top of my list!  This is major, so listen up!  You go slooooowly up the first hill and whip down the first hill and up to the second one and you shoot down the second hill into a ravine and it's a MEGA drop.  It's so so so much fun! They also have a couple wooden roller coasters, my fav being the Thunderbolt.  It's one of those classic ones that just jumps and whips you all around.  Really, any ride that flings me around I'm into!  Which brings me to my favorite spinny, make you maybe want to throw up in a good way ride....the Aero 360!!  It swings you around 360 degrees (dah) and holds you suspended upside down for a couple seconds, every couple swings.  It's fantastic, but not for the weak stomachs out there! I have to admit, I do have to go back and try the new Sky Coaster. Every time I tried to ride it the line was LOOOOONG.  I'm sorta impatient, especially when it's sweltering out, so that one was skipped last year.  Hopefully since the hype is over it will be a shorter wait, or I'll just suffer for the thrill this time! So, potato fries gooood, rollar coaster real good!  Just don't do them at the same time.  NOT GOOD!  Have fun!!
4	The Racer is Kennywood's second oldest rollercoaster after the Jack Rabbit. Built in 1927, it's a moebius (mobius) loop racing coaster. What's a moebius (mobius) loop racing coaster? Well it's a racing coaster that appears to have two continuous loops (ala the American Eagle at Six Flags or the Gemini at Cedar Point), but really has only one continuous track. So you end up on the opposite side of the station from where you started. There are only three remaining coasters of this type in the world. The other two are in Mexico City and Blackpool. The Racer was designed and built by John Miller and its trains are classics built by the Philadelphia Toboggan Company. PTC built some of some of the most famous coasters and their trains. Its tallest vertical height is 76 feet, its maximum drop is 50 feet, and its top speed is 40mph. Of the three woodies at Kennywood (this, the Jack Rabbit and the Thunderbolt), the Racer is the only one in which the initial hill is also the lift hill. When built, it cost the then-princely sum of $76,000! Imagine what the designers back then would have thought of what the newest coasters cost! Ready to take a ride? Okay, let's get on the train on the right! It doesn't really matter where we sit on this one, so maybe we'll just park in the middle. The alarm bell rings, the brakes are released and we begin rolling towards the lift hill. We won't see our opponents until we're almost on the lift hill. The lift chain catches and we're inching our way up the hill. We're about a foot in front of them. We see the warning sign as near the top telling us not to stand up. Well duh, but I'll bet some moron has tried that! The lift chain releases and we we're down the first drop, then a quick ascent, then a reverse curve. Because we're on the inside of the curve, we pull out to an early lead. Uh oh, that can't be good. Read on. We keep our early lead for awhile but remember, sometimes we're on the inside curve, sometimes on the outside. The great thing about the Racer is that some of the curves are so tight, we can reach out and high-five our opponents http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Racer-handslap.jpg Remember, it's not a tradition--it's a requirement! The present Racer replaced an earlier one built in 1910, which was a side-friction coaster like Leap the Dips at Lakemont Park. The present Racer's cars are locked to the track, thus allowing banked curves as well as dips on the curves. We can see how this has come into play 'cos even though we've been ahead, on the final curve our opponents have pulled into a late lead and are first back into the station! Shite! We lost! The Racer really doesn't have the G-forces or the airtime hills of the Jack Rabbit or the Thunderbolt. It doesn't have the Thunderbolt's speed or wicked drops either. But it's still got a great rough ride and it's still a blast. The Racer is an ACE (American Coasters Enthusiasts) Classic and on June 21st, 2010 the Racer was declared an ACE Coaster Landmark http://www.aceonline.org/census/PhotoDetail.aspx?ID=9628
5	A family tradition was born at this traditional amusement park. I spent at least one day every summer here for the first 23 years of my life. It's great for families to spend the day together, even with a variety of ages. I rode the Kangaroo with my grandmother, while my grandfather preferred to "ride the restaurant." The roller coasters are classics, and the park itself is beautiful. Prices are reasonable and a lot of schools sell discounted tickets for fundraisers, so if you have family in Pittsburgh, you can scope out cheaper tickets. Plentiful parking and lots of great food, especially Potato Patch fries! Kiddieland is a good place for the youngest visitors to start their own Kennywood traditions. Yes, it's "small" by, say, Cedar Point or Disney standards. It's a classic amusement park--it has a rich history. Its coasters are consistently rated some of the best in the world, even though the Thunderbolt (one such coaster) doesn't go above 55 mph and is wooden. The only thing I don't like--the smoking in lines. Even though it's not supposed to happen, it does, with frequency.
5	I was born and raised in Pittsburgh PA, and I have been going to Kennywood since i was still in a stroller. To this day, Kennywood will forever live in my heart as the best amusement park ever! To anyone reading this, Kennywood has been around since 1898, being one of the remaining oldest amusment parks in the world, and is also a national landmark. The best ride? Thunderbolt. The best food item? Potato Patch Fries (with their signature cheese sauce). You'll get addicted to them trust me! lol. You will have great memories at this park.....I love it. I live in GA now, and I make the time and effort to go back to PA to see my family and go to Kennywood =)
5	I think it's pretty telling about Kennywood's impact and legacy that many of the reviews on this Yelp page are from people who don't live in Pittsburgh, whether they're ex-pats or just visitors.Kennywood is just an ol' Amrikan classic to me. It's not Cedar Point and really shouldn't be judged against it. Despite coming up with rides as modern and great as the Steel Phantom and the Phantom's Revenge, it manages to keep that olden feel about it; perhaps a metaphor for Pittsburgh itself, methinks.The coasters are fun. The games are impossible to win (sour spot for me). The atmosphere is great. And yes, Potato Patch Fries. I love me some rollercoasters but honestly one of the more enjoyable rides is the Swings.Ok, time to end this rambling paean. I love Kennywood. It's old, new, fun, crowded and parking is a mess but I wouldn't trade it for any other amusement park.
5	Kennywood isn't a big corporate mega park. Thank god for that.What does Kennywood have that the corporate parks don't?-Affordable admissions prices-Quality park food and affordable prices (Potato Patch, hello?)-A fun atmosphere that isn't dominated by arbitrary "rules" and "policies"-Classic rides that you can't find anywhere elseKennywood doesn't have the most roller coasters, but who cares? The rides that the park does have are downright fun. Seriously, have you ever been on a wooden coaster at Cedar Point or Kings Island? OUCH!If you want to pay for a close-in parking space, that's cool; if not, that's OK too. At Kennywood, you can bring your own picnic lunch INTO the park. Unlike the corporate parks, I never feel like I'm being gouged or taken advantage of while inside the gates.This park has stood the test of time and it remains one of the best in America. I'll happily skip every Six Flags and Cedar Fair owned park on my way to get to Kennywood.
5	Kennywood is a mix of the old and new.  You'll get some of the coolest modern rides and then get to ride things from the early 1900's.  They also have some cool theme rides (haunted house, Exterminator).  The Phantom's Revenge and Sky Rocket were amazing.  They were completely smooth, yet thrilling rides.The park is landscaped very well and many lines are under the shade of the trees, so you're not waiting while the sun beats down on you.  When first pulling into the park (free parking) you get a fair-like feeling....but upon entering you'll see it's a full-fledged park.  Then, travel through a magical tunnel to a world of fun.Riding things that were there for almost 100 years is kind of special.I definitely recommend Kennywood.More than a few rides were out of order or just not running the day we went.  Many people smoked in non-designated areas.
5	Such a great park! Great price and lots of fun!
5	I just had the time of my life at Kennywood!  Sweet rides, delicious foods, and short lines.If you don't plan in advance, it can be expensive.  But, Kennywood gives you a chance to do it cheap, unlike other amusement parks.  You can get the cheap-o weekday tix at Giant Eagle for $26.  AND you can bring in your own food.Don't like lines?  Go on a really hot weekday.  We waited max 15   minutes... even for the new coaster!  And if you don't wanna wait in the big Potato Patch line, try the little patch in Lost Kennywood.  Same fries, tiny line.I hate the Pitt Fall.  It almost makes me pee my pants every time.  The new coaster is pretty sweet, but I'm still pretty happy with the Phantom's Revenge.  And the other thrill rides are pretty sweet too.   F-U-N!!!
4	Ok, so this is a harsh review because I am from Ohio. The best place to ride roller coasters around this area is hands down cedar point. And, the admission is only $10 more. (This didn't matter because I scored a FREE ticket when I went HOLLA) So, with so few coasters, how can Kennywood possible match up?1. Once you've gone to Cedar Point on a Saturday, you'll appreciate a visit to Kennywood. THE LINES ARE SHORT! I was in total disbelief at how short of a time I had to wait to get on.2. My sister and her 2 year old were in town. Before visiting I read on the site about a kid swop. You can hang out with your 2 year old while friends wait in line. Then, you get to hand off the kid to the people you are with and take their spot on the ride. I felt like I was getting no wait vip spots because they waited for the front seat. Definitely a perk if you have a child with you! 3. Great for kids. I'd love to see a new roller coaster though. After riding wooden coasters I feel like I've been beat up. 4. Free parking. Check the park out, it's worth a visit.
5	Today was our first visit to Kennywood, and it was a good one. It's one of those parks so prevalent in the '20's and '30's yet somehow they were lost to development, economics, etc...but this park is steeped in history. From the monument for George Washington's visit to Fort Dusquene to the train ride which narrates the history of the park, Kennywood has retained it's historical character. Not to say it's all shaws and horse drawn buggies! The rides at Kennywood...while not on par with Six Flags or Disney...are fantastic. Many are ones that are originals to the parks, and we took had a few that we had never done before that were neat, historical rides...with the Bobsled one and the Kangaroo coming to mind. The newer rides- Phantom's Revenge and Sky Rocket- are unbelievable. I nearly had an eyeball dislodge on Phantom's Revenge...it's that good. The olden wooden coasters are fantastic in their own rights...Racer must have been the model for Hershey Park's newer "Racer" coaster, and neither Jackrabbit, Thunderbolt, or Racer jarred your teeth fillings like Dorney's (Allentown) wooden coasters. The lines were acceptable, even on this "Fall Festival" day in August. What else stood out? Food was good...decently priced. Parking was free...woo! Employees were friendly, park was clean, and the clientele was well behaved and courteous. This park has a strong likeness to our family favorite, Knoebels, of Elysburg, PA. It's family friendly, safe, clean, well landscaped and shaded, and has ties with it's history. It's not a mega park, but then again, I personally don't care for the high-priced parking, astronomical food prices, and 60-minute waits in the 90-degree heat. Kennywood was a great experience...were it not 4 hours from our home in Lancaster County, we'd be back. Hopefully, Kennywood can stay true to its roots and continue to mix modern-day fun and thrills with its historical setting.
4	The rides are great but the food could use a few more options.I know it is tradition to eat either sugar and/or fat at an amusement park but this is 2011.  Couldn't they get something that isn't deep fried or made entirely of corn syrup?  Love the old roller coasters, the shooting gallery, and the games.  I won my sweetie a stuffed mammoth :)Go in the evening for a discount and for less wait time on the rides.  Also if you park in the free parking area you get a cool ride on a ski lift to the front gates of the park
4	It's next to impossible for me to write an unbiased review of Kennywood. My dad worked there for over 30 years; I worked there for four. I grew up five minutes away and Kennywood was like our equivalent of a playground; so many of my childhood memories are here that it will always be viewed through the haze of nostalgia.That said, I'll give it a shot. Fair warning: This is going to be long. I hadn't been to Kennywood in at least five years. That's the longest I've ever gone without a visit, but I had a broken foot and then was out of state. I hadn't been there since the park changed owners.A friend and I went this past Saturday, on the last weekend of the season, on a gorgeous, cool-but-sunny day, and the park was packed. They were also understaffed -- this happens after many of the staff go back to college. As a result, the lines for everything were just ridiculous: Food, rides, bathrooms, everything. One of the reasons I like Kennywood so much more than, say, Cedar Point, is that I remembered not having to wait in line for most of the day. That definitely wasn't the case this time, but I'll write it off to circumstance and try again next year.THE RIDES: I've been on every ride in the park except the Skycoaster and the SwingShot. Kennywood has some great older rides (hello, Turtle!) as well as newer stuff like this year's Sky Rocket. The latter looks kind of like it might be dinky and un-fun when you're standing in line, but it turns out it's hilariously amazing. That first hill is practically straight up and straight down, and the magnetic propulsion makes for an absolutely smooth ride.My favorite will probably always be the Thunderbolt, though. There's nothing like dropping down into the ravines over near the river, and then getting squished (or being the squisher) into the outside of the seat. Twice. The Racer is unique in this country, and quite a lot of fun, but the double dip in the Jack Rabbit is more awesome (if you ask me).We waited in line for 40 minutes or so to go on Ghostwood Estate, a ride that replaced the Gold Rusher. You get a blaster and try to shoot targets throughout the ride, and it tallies up a score for you in your car. The only thing is, unless you hit the targets, almost nothing happens -- and they're everywhere, so I was so busy trying to hit them that I didn't really get to enjoy the ride. Meh, says I.Because Phantom Fright Nights are coming up, some of the rides were already closed (the Whip, the Old Mill aka Garfield's Stupid Nightmare Please Tell Me This License is Ending Soon), as was the Penny Arcade. They used to put signs up at the gates listing closed rides, which I didn't notice this time. Then again, I'm not sure anyone goes to ride the Whip or the Old Mill. Oh, and in years-old news, can I just say rebranding the Enterprise as "The Volcano" is really lame?THE FOOD:Well, you know, Patch fries. Are they that awesome? In my memory, they are. In reality (and someone is going to take away my Kennywood badge for this one)... well... er. They're good, but e.g. Mandy's has better fresh-cut fries. Patch fries are a bit overcooked and kind of soggy. But! you can get them with cheese, gravy, BBQ salt and ketchup for slightly under $4 -- all the toppings you want are included -- and that isn't bad. They used to advertise no waiting at the Small Fry location in Lost Kennywood, which definitely was not the case on this visit.The food lines were so long we didn't end up eating anything else in the park, so everything else here is from memory. I couldn't even get a refill for my (really expensive) souvenir cup because we didn't feel like standing in line for half an hour to do so.Weirdly, they had a little roped-off tent area with beer and brats. Beer! At Kennywood! We didn't try it, assuming it was Really Expensive. I did, however, stop in the Kandy Kaleidoscope for a real candy apple. Taffy apples have their place, but not when that's all you can get. The hard red shell is the way to go. Mine was sadly ruined by humidity and almost ripped my teeth out, this time. The fudge used to be good; all they had left was peanut butter, which I don't like, so I didn't try any.THE REST:Kennywood has lots of benches, trees and shade. If you need a break, it's easy to sit down and watch people walk by for a little while. The overall atmosphere is that of a great old-school amusement park. Unfortunately they got rid of general admission and tickets, so your non-riding friends or grandparents have to pay almost $40 now to get in. The grounds used to be really well maintained but it seemed like the gardens were in need of some attention, as well as most of the paint throughout the park. There was more trash than I'm used to seeing, and no sweeperettes. What?I think Kennywood is maybe not as great as it once was, but I'm probably being a true yinzer about it. Change is bad! I'll keep going, though.
5	The family really enjoyed this park.  All ages had a blast, the lines were tolerable.  The food was excellent and well priced, plenty of places to sit down and take a break and people watch.  The only thing I wished for was  more places out of the sun/rain but that's not too big of a deal.  We had a large crowd of almost 14, ages ranged from 7 to 50 and everyone found something they liked.
5	I've been to amusement parks all over the country and honestly there isn't a single one that has the charm of Kennywood. From the chair lift from the top parking lot, to the potato patch fries, right up to the Racer wooden coaster... it has history and is so much fun.While they don't have a lot of options for true expansion as it's perched precariously on a hill leading down to a valley, steel mills, train tracks, and the Monongahela  River; the still find a way to add a new ride or revamp old ones here and there. Touting multiple wooden coasters, the Phantom's Revenge steel coaster, the SkyRocket, and the Exterminator (an indoor coaster). There are water rides for those people who find themselves inclined to walk around in wet clothes all day. The food is pricey, but I don't think it's possible to go to to Kennywood and not have Potato Patch fries. If you're not so inclined to eat the food there, you can bring coolers and eat at the car or in one of the picnic table areas. My only real qualm with this park is no alcohol is served here. I love being able to drink outdoors, and at an amusement park could be a blast.The park is full of beautiful history and you can find several places with old photos of the park from back in it's very early start.Kennywood is my favorite place on Earth. No contest.
5	Kennywood has become a magical Christmas wonderland!  One that you can wander happily through while marveling at the sight of the lights and the sounds of caliope Christmas carols.   We enjoyed the scent of the campfires scattered throughout the park to warm our hands and the comforting smells of hot cocoa and warm cider to warm our tummies.  All the while, the sounds of  ooohs and aaahs of children (and adults) warmed our hearts.  What to do?  Ride the Merry-go-Round, or the Kennywood train that takes you through a light display that on Saturday night included a great big beautiful full moon.   It actually rivaled the lights of the Christmas displays!   Kiddieland was filled with little ones, moms and dads and grandparents, too.  Almost all the rides in Kiddieland were open.  There were more adult rides open than I imagined there would be and more than advertised.  And to top it off, all the rides were decorated with Christmas lights!There were ice carvers, miniature train displays, cookie decorating, Santa Claus himself and all the Kennywood characters all waiting to greet excited boys and girls and the adults with them.  Flashes of cameras were exploded all over the place as memories were captured of the very first, and hopefully JUST the first, new Pittsburgh Christmas tradition,...Kennywood Christmas in the park.  Go.  Take your camera.  The reflections of the lights on the lagoon were especially beautiful and I captured many beautiful shots for what may be my Christmas card next year!  Whomever we have to thank for the gift of a Kennywood Christmas has my thanks from the bottom of my heart.
5	Kennywood is a huge part of part of my childhood landscape. (like many other reviewers.) School picnics, high school band nights, date nights, family trips, memories of my grandmother riding the roller coasters with us, my silly brothers, sister and cousins roughhousing and laughing our heads off... all these memories have morphed into current-day new memories with friends and family; nieces and nephews and various other offspring and family. My husband and I got engaged at Kennywood, on a bench near the Pittsburgh Plunge, appropriately enough! Many friends who have moved to Pittsburgh from elsewhere have been baffled by "the locals" or "Yinzers" devotion to this park, complaining that other parks like 6 Flags, Geauga Lake, Hershey Park or Cedar Point are better and worth the drive. I guess it's all about what you want, or what you like. For me, going to Kennywood is almost like going home. I love big, flashy amusement parks with thrilling rides too, but none are like Kennywood to me. I know what I'm going to see at Kennywood. (except when there's a new ride) I know what food is available, I know what characters are going to be bopping around the park for photos, and I know that I won't get cotton candy or fudge till I'm ready to leave, and will happily wait in that endless line at the cart near the gate. I'm ok with all of that. I love it. It's an old park, and along with the newer rides like the Sky Rocket are rides that have been there since we were kids, like the parachutes, the merry go round, the Thunderbolt, Jack Rabbit and Racer, the Kangaroo, Log Jammer and others. I don't expect folks who didn't grow up here to "get" it. It's not a big, fancy, flashy park with tons of slick rides. (though there are several.) It's a pretty, family oriented park that is an historic landmark, where some of the happiest hours of my youth were spent, and some of the most fun family days of my adult life as well.OH, *and*... after the regular season there are now TWO events at Kennywood that you should definitely check out. Phantom Fright Nights is now an established fall event thru Halloween. Along with the scary music, decorations, zombies and other characters waiting to ambush you, and the walk-through haunted "houses" and other attractions, expect huge crowds and LONG lines to get on/in any of the rides or attractions. Still, it's a fun event that has become a tradition in our house. And the newest addition to the Kennywood calendar is the Christmas lights! I didn't even know about this until it was almost over, and we managed to get to one of the last nights it was open- I'm so glad we did! I LOVED it! Bonfires were maintained at a few points through the park to warm fingers and toes, hot chocolate and other drinks were sold, and everything was transformed into a holiday wonderland. Some of the rides were open, and a great light show coordinated to music on the lake played at various times through the evening. Holiday music poured through  the park's speaker system, and it was just a fantastic evening. We loved it.
3	Food:  Three chicken fingers will cost you 7 dollars.  Great news though!  You can bring food to the pavillion to save money.  There is also a McDonalds off the Kennywood property that you can leave the park, eat at, and come back for a cheap price all within walking distance.  My personal experience with food this last visit was waiting in line for fifteen minutes only to be told they were out of the frozen treat I wanted.  Too bad none of the staff could make a sign to put on the menu stating that they were sold out of that item so I (and I am sure many others) didn't wait in line to be told they were sold out.Staff:  I went early in the season.  I was a bit scared when I saw a staff member come in and note that it was his first day.  Good thing they put him on the line queue.  Rides:  What is going on here?!! Phantoms Revenge and the Pittsburg Plunge both broke down with patrons on the rides.  The Turtle even broke while I was in line for it.  Luckily a man with bolt cutters came and beat the ride enough with the bolt cutters to get it working again.  This ride has been here for almost 80 years and its nice to know that they maintain it by beating it with bolt cutters.  Sounds safe right?Also know that your going to wait in line long at this park.  I got there at 11 and only rode on three rides and was there until 230.  That's how long the lines are.Overall Park Appearence:  The place was a mess.  While waiting in line for the Turtle I got to see nice graffiti.  The children behind me in line pointed out to their mom a nice colorful message that mentioned someone sucking someone elses privates.  Nice.  They were closed for the season and they couldn't paint over this stuff?  Kennywood tells us to make new memories.  I can only imagine the memory that created for those kids.
4	Oh Kennywood, how I love thee.  I'm not just saying that because I am a born and raised western Pennsylvanian.  I'm saying that because even though the size of your park is on the smaller side for an amusement park, there is never enough time to possibly cover everything there.  Thus making sure you need to come back again and again to enjoy everything if not for the first time, but as a repeat adventure.Sadness comes and goes here as I can remember where certain rides use to be and are now replaced with newer rides...*le sigh* how I wish the Pitfall were still there or the Rotor for that matter.  But some of the newer rides were well worth the sacrifice of the old.  Of course you can't get rid of the awesome roller coasters such as the Thunderbolt, Racer or JackRabbit.  Especially since they take advantage of the natural ravens in the area.  Even the Phantom's Revenge takes advantage of the awesome hills here.  Some of the classics are still there, I don't think I have ever ventured here and not gone on Noah's Ark, even though I know what to expect, it's like I HAVE to ride this.This is also one of the few amusement parks where you don't have to rush yourself.  If you want to take a leisurely stroll, you can.  Why?  Because it's actually a beautiful place to walk around in.  The pathways are nicely lined with plenty of shade if you want to take a rest from the sun.  Memories come and memories go, but I guess you can say the one thing that remains constant is that Kennywood will stick around for who knows how long.
5	There are many parks in the world, but few, if any, have the same charm as Kennywood.  Stay until the evening too, as the park just feels magical when the lights come on.Quite simply, Kennywood is awesome, and anyone who grew up in Pittsburgh and doesn't agree must not really be from Pittsburgh.Also, if you want to see what real Yinsers look and talk like, just spend an hour walking around the park.
5	Probably the funnest thing to do in Pittsburgh. Ride all the rollercoasters, there are only 5 of them. They range from old wooden coasters to modern steel coasters wit hlaunch systems. It's a fairly small park, but just big enough to have a full day of fun. The potato patch fries are some of the best fries anywhere (get them with cheese and bacon). We also went in the Noah's Ark ride... which was interesting... and Ghostwood Estate where you have to shoot targets with laser guns.
5	Kennywood is a must go if you are visiting Pittsburgh.  It is absoultey one of the funnest places to go to in Pittsburgh, and on a beautiful day, it is one of the nicest places to be.  There are numerous coasters and thrill rides for a vast variety of all ages!  If you haven't been, go, and if you've gone, go again.
5	I visited Kennywood on a buy one get one free day in July. I expected the park to be very busy but it wasn't to my surprise. I expect it was because no company or school picnic was scheduled. I would suggest finding out what event or picnic is scheduled when planning your visit. This was a great day to be at the park. For the majority of the rides we did not have a long wait. It was pretty hot so that may have kept people away. What a great way to spend the day with the kids. They had a blast!  This park is very traditional but yet has great new rides as well. Great blend of the new and old. Make sure to hit the traditional rides because they are a ton of fun. This park is a Pittsburgh gem!
4	Recently had a wonderful time at Kennywood.  I came here for only a few hours and got to ride a few rides.  I didn't get to check out the new black widow ride, but quite frankly, I stood under it and was a little too afraid, especially after they were having "technical" difficulties with one of the harnesses that comes over you to hold you into your seat.  This park is no cedar point... but it's also not Idlewild either.  It's the perfect balance of new and old.  The Potato Patch is a classic here, but be prepared, the fries actually aren't that great.  Nonetheless, it is a Kennywood tradition.  A lot of nostalgia exists for this place, but it truly is a great American asset that should be visited by all.
2	The whole park stank of hot garbage.  I am disgruntled with the lack of cleaniness in the park. I think that Kennywood can do way more to keep the park clean. I went to the Potato Patch and the cashier wearing no gloves wipes his nose on the back of his hand and then handles money and FOOD!  That's a big no no!!! Yes he was using tongs but it's a golden rule sanitation 101 food handlers do not handle money.  What gives Kennywood the audacity to think they are outside of these standards? It's frankly pathetic.  All of the college kids that operate the rides look like they're about too keel over and die. The park doesn't offer non soda pop options as a fountain drink.  Either tea, Hi-C or lemonadeI am jaded I'll admit it, but I know when something stinks and Kennywood does.
5	Took my family to Kennywood Holiday lights last week. We had a great time.Lots of other families were there enjoying themselves. Some of the things we enjoyed:-There was a petting zoo.-A fun train ride/kiddie land rides were open.-Hot cider and hot chocolate-Light show-Awesome live brass quartet playing holiday favorites.-Cool indoor electric trains.-Make/decorate your own cookie.This place has real wholesome feel to it. All the people who work here arefriendly and helpful. The park staff created a real family friendly fun safe and relaxing vibe in the park. Really needed that to restore my faith in the human race.
5	I've been saving Kennywood for my 100th review.Kennywood is the real deal.  Not a contrived historic looking theme park.  This is the model for such historic charm.  I love this park and I don't even do many of the scarier rides.  They do have a lot of historic coasters for those of us who are faint of heart. Yes, the lines can be long.  But it's a theme park and the lines are less than other parks.I go to Kennywood a couple times a year and I think most others agree with me that it is simple the standard for what a  park should be.
5	I feel like this may be the most unnecessary of all of my reviews. Kennywood is amazing. There. Review over. Wait, I need to back up my statement, you say?-Kennywood is a historic landmark in Pittsburgh. Where else can you enjoy a day at an amusement park and still say you visited a historic place?-Potato Patch Fries. Just, Potato Patch fries. You feel the months slipping off of your life and you don't even care while eating them!-Classic wooden coasters - Jackrabbit, anyone?-Contemporary coasters - Phantom's Revenge, anyone?-Great rides in general - Name any ride you like here.-Special events - I adore Kennywood's special events. Fright Night's here are a lot of fun - and as packed as it can get, a Fright Night here still allows you to enjoy far more than a Halloween event at Cedar Point. Kennywood also has one of the most beautiful Christmas Light Shows you'll ever set eyes on, and believe me, it is well worth venturing from your house to see these (yes, even when the temperature drops to single digits. Or maybe I'm just insane).If you haven't been here yet, check it out. If you haven't been here yet and you live nearby, FOR SHAME! And go check it out - as soon as the snow melts and they reopen.
5	We have been visiting Kennywood since I was a kiddo. We used to make the 2 hour drive to the park every summer and it was the highlight of our summer. I adore this place, always have, and always will. The rides are fantastic, my favorite will always be the Jackrabbit. The food is wonderful park food! Potato Patch Fries are a PIttsburgh cultural icon! I love the gardens and the water fountains throughout the park. they do a really nice job keeping everything clean and in working order. I love visiting around 4th of July, they have fireworks on a nightly basis. Their Halloween nights are also a blast. I haven't been for the holiday lights nights, but I definitely want to go next year!
5	Am I the only one who gets excited for 2 weeks prior to Kennywood?! :) Bobby & I went on Sunday and had a blast! The weather was chilly at first, yet clear skies, and then warmed up just enough for 'perfect Kennywood weather'. Of course we enjoy the coasters, but it's the little rides that remind you of your childhood -- like the bumper cars, musik express, pirate ship, swings, ect that really gives this park history and the family-like feel.But on to the coasters! I've always had a blast no matter how long the wait may be. The new(er) Sky Rocket - the roller coaster - is awesome! Even though it's short lived, the thrill you get is insane! Also, for some reason I ALWAYS make sure to ride the Racers first. I think it's because the line goes quicker so it's a good way to start the day, haha. Even my boyfriend who is terrified of roller coaster rode the Sky Rocket & Phantom's Revenge (proud moment because he literally had a panic attack on the hill of the revenge 2 years in a row & the 1st year he was asking me if the Thunderbolt was scary-- a wooden flipping coaster!)Another plus (or maybe a negative in some eyes) is that they sell beer. It's across from the Aero 360 behind a wooden, white picket fence and security checks your ID before you even go in.  It's $7 for a draft, wayyy too much in my opinion but it might be a good idea one day.You can't forget about the food! Potato Patch fries with cheese & bacon are a must but there is also hot sausage, corn dogs, 2 cafe's, a mexican place with tacos/nachos that i didnt see till after i ate :( it must be new.. All in all, Kennywood is a great day for the family. We are lucky to have an awesome amusement park in Pittsburgh. I make sure to visit atleast once a year.
5	What, Susan the Rollercoaster Queen missed this year's opening day?  Inexcusable!But I did make it this past Saturday along with my husband Rick and my friend Lisa and her husband John.For my penance, I rode each coaster at least twice.
5	I love, love, love the Jack Rabbit! I also really enjoy the Thunderbolt and the Racers, too but the Jack Rabbit holds a special place in my heart. I've hit a lot of coasters all over the place and I've never found its equal anywhere else. Those double dips that make you fly out of your seat force you squeal (or scream) and giggle every darned time no matter how old you are. I dare you to keep your arms up in the air thru both dips!I ride lots of the old school rides but the old wooden coasters are always my favorites. The goal is always to get the front car for all of them at least once during any Kennywood visit and I usually leave at the end of the day feeling like my brains have been scrambled in my head a bit. That's how you know you've taken full advantage!There's no other amusement park quite like Kennywood. It's such a Pittsburgh institution and I'm not sure if you put the exact same park anywhere else in the Universe that it would develop the hometown, happy vibe that our Kennywood has. It's a school & company picnic institution and having tons of people you know during your visit just makes it that much better. We always had prearranged times to meet the kids by the Turtles or Noah's Ark once they were old enough to ditch the parents and hang out with their friends. They would tell us what time to be at the Skycoaster to watch them & their friends take the big freefall dive from an impossibly high platform as they all screamed their lungs out.My friends and I have joked that there should be an eat all day pass available. I'm typically not a French fry lover but if all fries tasted like they do from the Potato Patch, I might feel differently. Then their are the corn dogs, Dippin Dots, Dip Cones, fresh squeezed lemonade, etc. Sorry a funnel cake just seems like overkill with all that! People watching is always extraordinary and you can make a game of counting fanny packs, Pittsburgh bangs or mullets. Just don't wear a white t-shirt and get on the Log Jammer or you'll end up part of someone else's people watching game!
4	"You will love Kennywood!"  "It is such an amazing place!"  "One of the best amusement parks you'll ever go to"  "filled with history!"With such glowing comments from people who knew I was going to Kennywood, I figured how could I not love this place?!  Although it left me worried that if I didn't love it, I would be disowned by my Pittsburgh friends and family.I think a large part of the allure of Kennywood is how nostalgic it makes people feel.  Every person who has talked about it has fond memories from their childhood or HS.  And this ranges from people age 6 to age 96.  And that is pretty awesome.  I enjoyed my day at Kennywood.  It's size is managable for a day of fun and it packs a lot of adventure in a somewhat small area.  I love that there is something for everyone.  Thrill seekers have great coasters.  Families have kiddie land and those that prefer the tame have the Garfield boat ride, the Noah's Ark and the Whip.  Make sure you bring your appetite!  The food is above average compared to most other parks.  Of course, there is the famous Potato Patch, but don't miss out on hand battered corn dogs, hand dipped ice cream cones and hot and tasty funnel cakes!  Just make sure you've already taken a spin on the adventure rides.
5	There are so many things to love about Kennywood! First & foremost, the rides are great! The coasters are terrific. The classic ones like the Jackrabbit, The Racer, & the Thunderbolt have been there for years and never get old...Some of the best wooden coasters you will ever ride! The Phantom's Revenge & Skyrocket are top notch steel coasters. And of course, the true daredevil will ride the Skycoaster! Other classic rides never get old: Kangaroo, Paratrooper, Merry Go Round, Pirate Ship.The food...Potato Patch fries are a must cause they are the best in the world!! Corn dogs are yummy too!  You can also bring food & drink into the park and picnic, which is awesome!!This is truly one of the best amusement parks in America!!
5	So I was impressed with this place.  First of all if you park in the free parking at the top of the mountain... You take a ski lift down the mountain.. Over the parking lots and into the amusement park!  There is a ride before the rides!!!  (The ski lift stops when it rains... Good to know).We paid $25.00 each for the night pass (5pm-10pm).  Which was a good deal since we rode tons of rides and ate some funnel cakes.The place is huge with serious rides!  It seemed like a cross between a sixflags in some parts and a hometown fair in other parts. Long lines but the lines move fast.  Everyone is friendly.  Lots to do of all ages. Lots of people caring huge stuffed animals they one at the many fair style games.
4	A great old theme park with a carnival feel. It has good rides, we love the potato patch fries, cotton candy and funnel cake! The new rides they have added are pretty sweet and more modern. They have a new sky coaster as well as the black widow which i was almost too terrified to get on. As you enter the park, they play that old timey music that sounds like your on a carrousel. You enter into this tunnel and when you come out on the other side it's Kennywood. That exciting feeling of all the memories you had as a kid growing up and going here for school picnics. I'm afraid of heights but i always love to get on rides that take you up high..except the pit fall, i never really enjoyed that ride. That's probably why they too it down. But they replaced it with the black widow which may have become my new favorite ride at kennywood. It's similar to the sling shot but twice as high and it slowly spins around. Before getting on this ride i was soooo terrified. I thought i was gonna scream my lungs out but the ride looks scarier from the ground than it does up in the air. it almost feels like your riding a bike down a very steep hill or like skydiving! all the wind and the fact that you get so high all you can see is the sky and nothing else is absolutely amazing. it feels like your being launched to the moon.They have plenty of fun games for you to play and an arcade for younger kids. I always see someone walking around with one of those big rasta bananas...:D my favorite rides are the log jammer, all the coasters, swing shot, turtle, noah's ark, pirate ship and the black widow. I would like to include the exterminator but that ride can be brutal if you ride with a partner. The steel side bars press into your arm as your partner is slammed into you, i ended up with a bruise on my arm. Other than the great rides and picnic area for family get togethers, i must say that the food is pretty amazing. The fries as you know is the best part of the whole park, that and the funnel cake  with strawberry and ice cream on top. I love it sooo much and we try to get it every time. If anyone is looking for a great family outing with plenty of ride for the babies and the grade schoolers, this is the place to go. My niece loves the baron curve which i think is a little too fast for a 6 year old but hell if she likes it so do I.
5	Ahh Kennywood probably the perfect example of how to blend out and new together in perfect harmony. Awesome classic wooden coasters mixed with modern and exciting thrill rides. Probably also one of the best values as far as amuesment parks go in the country. There are a few knocks on this park though:~ Food options aren't that great... I find Potato Patch revolting and that is the main food dry of the park. ~ Lack of good steel coasters. Don't get me wrong Phantom's Revenge is good, but not as good as the original Phantom. I think they should have both because it would have been a nice compliment. My solution to the food is either a quick walk outside the park to the McDonalds for cheap eats or the cafeteria that is pretty hidden but it's decent.
4	Several years ago, I would have given Kennywood 5 stars.  Now, the place is in serious need of maintenance, cleaning, and painting.  I get the quaint history of an old, traditional amusement park, but time to spend some of the profit to modernize.  The line at the Potato Patch took 45 minutes-yes, it was crowded, but that's a long time, albeit for a big order of fries with cheese/cheez and bacon.Great rides, and the crowds are usually manageable, especially if you work counter-clockwise when walking into the park.  A lot of classic rides, from newer coasters (Phantom's Revenge)  to old-style wooden ones, like the Racer, Jackrabbit, and Thunderbolt.  The newest ride, Sky Rocket (a couple years old now) is a lot of fun, with the initial quick climb a jolt.Always a highlight of any summer trip to Pittsburgh, I recommend it to anyone who likes to ride without having to wait all day (ahem...Six Flags parks).
5	I mean, its kennywood. Decent amount of kids rides, decent amount of adult rides... what else can you say? I do want to note, I got the veggie burger from the round place in the middle by the cafeteria, and it was not nearly as bad as I expected! Kennywood doesn't really have that many veg options, so I was super happy with the find. AND, it was like $3!
4	Kennywood vs. Knoebels. Knoebels wins only because the food is generally much better, it's cheaper, and the lines aren't as long for rides. I can see why Kennywood is so treasured around here, though, since the rides are usually worth the long waits. Luckily, rides don't make me sick like they do Darren. The Exterminator is my personal favorite ride along with the Jackrabbit, but the majority of them won't disappoint thrillseekers. Recommended, but look for coupons or something since tix can be expensive. Thankfully, my employer had their first annual company picnic here a few weeks ago, so Darren and I got in for free.
4	Kennywood Fright Night is a must do in the Fall, whether your 14 or 35.  It's a great night of fun, scares and rides.  The layout of the park  is similar to those of normal Kennywood nights.  Some key differences are that some rides are not operating and the appearance of 7 awesome themed haunted houses.  Everyone has a different fear, what's yours?  There is a clown courtyard, a vampire villa, dark shadows, biotech/BioFear,  VooDoo Bayou, Mortem Manor, Kennyville Cemetery, and Gory Park.  My favories were Biotech and Vampire Villa.  Both very well done with great actors and great effects.The only downside is that the park is usually pretty busy even at 7pm when it opens so you have to be strategic about your haunts.  My group ended up getting the fast track/RIP passes that allows you to get into 4 houses out of the 7 right away and skip the line.  Its 25 dollars a person which is a bit pricey but for us it was worth it.  There are also fast track passes for some rides and the new ride-black widow.  I would say that's the only bad part as the park is only open from 7-1 so its hard to get to everything.  The actors are really into their job so get ready to be scared and surprised.  A great group date activity!
3	This is no Disney World but it's not bad. The rides are not breath taking and the food is nothing special but this place is nice and totally worth the price. The location is great and I totally dig the attitude of the people. Check it once in a while but not that often because it gets old fast.
3	Kennywood is a fun place, but more so for young children than teenagers or adults. We went over the summer for the first time and thought that it needed a bit of updating. The park is old, and while some people appreciate the historic nature of Kennywood, I thought that it could use a bit of a modern touch to it. They did add a few new attractions in recent years, and those we enjoyed. The majority of the rides are geared towards children and are typical rides that you could find at a fair. There are few coasters here, but each one was enjoyable aside from the indoor coaster at the back of the park, which we were extremely excited for and then let down because there were little dips and hills on the coaster. The food here is typical theme park food. They don't have a whole lot of options but what they did have was enjoyable. The prices were a bit high but most theme parks charge an arm and leg for food and drinks.If you have children and live nearby, Kennywood isn't a bad option. They have a TON to do for kids. If you are a teenager or adult, however, and you're looking for a fun amusement park experience, I would skip this place and drive the extra 4 hours to Cedar Point.
5	I have always really loved going to Kennywood. I can't wait until I can start taking my kids as they get older. It's such a Pittsburgh tradition. I have never been to fright nights in October but I have been every summer and also to the Winter Light Up display. The potato patch fries are the best in the world, the Thunder Bolt is my all tine favorite coaster and the Exterminator is so much fun. There are some rides I can't ride as I'm onset now because they make me sick, but Kennywood is awesome and I would recommend it to anyone who has yet to go since it is fun for all ages. Make sure to get dip n dots and cotton candy on the way out.
5	I love Kennywood with a passion and I can't wait until it opens for the season.It is the most beautiful looking amusement park I have ever seen.Pros1) The Woodies. Thunderbolt, Racer, and Jack Rabbit. I love hearing the thundering trains as they speed down the track, and I love the smell of the oil used to make the ride go smoothly. Smelling it, makes me feel like I'm 9 years old again.2) Potato Patch Cheese Fries.3) Walking through Noah's Ark4) People watching, especially when unexpected people get splashed on the overlook of the Pittsburg Plunge. Hahaha, take that jerks :O5) Phantom!!!6) Great firework shows7) Best games ever!8) Penny Arcade9) Photo Ops with that Kangaroo10) Just the sounds manCons1) Where the new ride at??? Cedar Point gets 2 this year, Kennywood is 2 years past due. At least throw in a Scrambler or a Trabant. Anything, keep it fresh.2) The dark rides aren't as dark as they used to be. I miss the Old Mill and Le Cachot. Now it's too kid-orientated.3) Why can't you be open today??? lol, seriously, where my new ride at? Also, what up on that park expansion deal.   Despite them 3 cons, the pros outweigh it, which is why I give it 5. If there isn't a new ride next season, I'm going to de-star this place a notch.
4	The rides arent all the same and the coasters are sweet but the food is all the same; chicken, fries and and corn dogs. Lame lame lame. The corndogs were pretty gopd though. 3.79 for 1 but they were literally made 1 min before hand from scratch. Many rodes were broken down. Id say if you think you can survive off of ice cream slushies and pop corn as well as pretzels and funnel cake, id rather eat that than waist $20 on limited food. The train sucks too. Besides the healthy food options that arent available, I actually had a very awesome time with my pregnant fiance and 2 yr old son. I stayed until open to close and even watched a light show at the end. Compared to hershey park, they are very similar but id have to go with hershey if I had to choose. Id come back and I probably will. I have a cup for $1.06 refills all summer too
5	I love Kennywood. Garfield's Nightmare (or Revenge, depending who you ask) is legendary. That's not what I'm here to talk about.No, I'd like to share my very confusing and bizarre experience with the Dippin' Dots stand. I forget the exact location, but it's near the water area with the Sky Drop.I was buying two kinds of "sundaes" from the stand, deciding to get the Gummy Yummy (?) for myself while my boyfriend wanted Banana Split. No problem, I mean they're like $4.25 each but that's the magic of Kennywood.When trying to order, reading off the menu above me, I was met with a blank look from the dude working there. He was slow to respond and I guess I didn't really hear quite what he said, but at the time I believed he was saying they were out of the supplies for the Gummy sundae. No problem dude, I say, I'll take the peanut butter cup one instead. Another long look from the guy behind the counter but he soon proceeded in due course.Whatever I got was pretty much vanilla dots with scant chocolate chunks and a few mouse-size peanut butter cups. They have no right to call this thing a sundae. That ain't the dude's fault, though.Afterward when I was pondering wtf just happened, my boyfriend pointed out that when I ordered the gummy sundae the guy working the stand had told me point blank he had no idea what that was. But it was written, in stone, on the menu right above his head? I'm not even mad. "Amir" from Dippin' Dots, you are indeed an enigma wrapped in a mystery. Never change.
5	An old-school trolley park. Trolley Parks were originally picnic groves built by the trolley companies to get the workin' folk to ride the trollies on the weekend. Picnic groves, begat dance pavilions, which begat amusement parks. Not many left. Coney Island is the most famous. Dorney Park is still around. Willow Grove Park, the closest to me as a kid is no more. Kennywood is still privately owned. On the National Register. Awesome old-timey wooden coasters as well as those new fangled tubular steel coasters. The Racer and Phantom's Revenge are my favorites. Both old and new. They both have their charms. Well maintained. It's not Disneyland, but that just adds to the charm. I love the various signs and pictures discussing the history of the place. Food? It's batter dipped, it deep fried. It's salty. It's sugar, It's chocolate. It's all-American.
4	had a ton of fun...the sky rocket is probably one of the smoothest coasters I've ever been on. The park has a lot of attractions to keep you busy. No Disney but worth a trip every couple years or so.
5	There's magic in Kennywood.  It could be because it's a Pittsburgh tradition, or because they have some of the most amazing wooden roller coasters in the world, but I absolutely love Kennywood and it's always fun to go.  Today there was great weather and short lines, and that is as good as it gets.  I like how Kennywood has preserved many of the historic rides, as well as innovated some new rides as well.  The Potato Patch Fries are legendary, and they are delicious because they are fresh cut and cooked in a very traditional way.  If the line is long, check out the Small Fry next to the Lost Kennywood Gift Shop.  The fries are made exactly the same as the Potato Patch, but the lines are much shorter.
5	This was my first visit to Kennywood, but will not be my last. I have frequented amusement parks every year for as long as I can recall. Kennywood Park offers a unique experience that transports you back through history. Everything from the rides, the nostalgia and the food was pleasing. It is impossible to explore all of the park in simply one day, though I feel we were able to tackle quite a bit. Perhaps the most salient feature of this park is the greenery. There are many areas of respite and relaxation to be taken in; something other major parks seem to constantly fall short on. If you are looking for a destination for your family vacation, look no further. Kennywood park is great for all people and provides a fantastic opportunity for coaster and ride enthusiasts everywhere.
5	I haven't been to many amusement parks in my lifetime. I've visited Cedar Point and Universal, but I think that's about it. Kennywood is a park I've been very curious about, but I could never afford to go. Sunday I met up with the Yelp Elite team, and we had a blast. Kennywood is so special and unique. It offers a homey feel that makes you feel like you are instantly amongst friends and family. There are so many friendly and happy faces, pleasant personalities and fun to be had. Ride operators were focused and kind, and OF COURSE they seemed a little bored and hot, but it was so different from other experiences I've had with park employees. There is shade and greenery throughout the whole park, as well as misters and areas to cool off. Designated smoking benches keep the yuckiness away from non-smokers. I really appreciated that feature. Food stands were also willing to give out free cups of ice water. A lot of parks won't do this, so I was grateful. I have a medical condition that can be deadly if my electrolytes become imbalanced, so that was a huge plus and source of gratefulness. I'm super excited that Kennywood has a Johnny Rocket's now, but I am disappointed that Johnny's doesn't have their famous steamroller veggie burger available yet. Hopefully they will before I visit the park again.As for the rides, Kennywood doesn't have the fastest, or the best or necessarily the fanciest rides. That is not why you come to Kennywood. You come here for the history, the beauty behind nearly 100-year old engineering and architecture. Some of these coasters are just amazing because of what they represent. It's really neat to go back in time and experience something that was once a really big deal.I rode my first rollercoaster at Kennywood, and it was unforgettable. The Jack Rabbit is a mild ride, but I was still scared. As a wooden coaster, it was a bit bumpy, but it wasn't uncomfortable. I got off with the biggest grin on my face. The second coaster I rode was Phantom's Revenge. This is a really nice steel coaster with smooth curves and drops. I was once again, terrified. It wasn't as bad as I thought though, and the views were great at distracting me from my crippling fear. My favorite ride of all was definitely The Thunderbolt. It's a wooden coaster, but it's not as jerky as you could think. It's smooth, the curves are fun, the dips are even more fun, and it just feels like a solid choice to ride again and again. I love The Thunderbolt, and I truly look forward to riding it more! I couldn't get sick of it. Kennywood has a lot of unique things that you won't find anywhere else. If you live in Pittsburgh and haven't been, just go already! If you are visiting and looking for something fun, go! Really! You won't regret it.
4	As lifelong Pittsburgher, Kennywood is one of those places that I feel like I know very well. It had been a few years since my last visit, so I was excited to see that they continue to make improvements to the park and add new rides. The new rollercoaster at the front of the park called The Sky Rocket was so much fun we road it again before we left the park. I love how Kennywood has a great balance of new and old. There's so much history in Kennywood and its nice to see it preserved while they also continue to advance their park into the future with new rides and attractions. Also, as I'm sure many many people have said before me, you can't go wrong with a order of cheesy bacon covered Potato Patch fries! If you go to Kennywood and don't eat Potato Patch, you're nuts!
4	I love Kennywood. Wonderful, beautiful park that is certainly a summer tradition in Pittsburgh. I try to go once a year and when my sister and niece asked me to take a day off and go, I was all in. We had a wonderful day, albeit a little warm but there weren't long lines and it wasn't crowded. The roller coasters are awesome even though I only got on 2 (I was surprised at that, the niece rode the Jack Rabbit for the first time:)! Awesome!). Rode some calmer rides like the train and the turtles and even cooled off on Raging Rapids (of course rotating under the waterfall so everyone in the boat is drenched). Stopped and got Potato Patch fries...if you are going to Kennywood they are a must! Oh, the first basket I got were so good that I went and got more! They were cooked to perfection the day we were there. They are terrific with the bacon and cheese however ketchup and garlic salt are tasty too!:) Also, stop and get a hand dipped ice cream cone near Kiddyland. Wow! So satisfying especially on a hot day! It is vanilla ice cream atop a cone and the ice cream is dipped in chocolate and rolled in either chocolate or rainbow sprinkles or peanuts topped with a cherry! Yum! The niece got the deep fried oreos which she loves! (They are pretty good as I have tried them before) and don't forget funnel cake although it was dry the day we were there. Bummer! Their gardens, fountains, and rides come together for an awesome amusement park, a Pittsburgh tradition...one that should be a tradition forever!
5	I love this park. We used to go every year as a family. Now I take my own, they have great wooden coasters, water rides and plenty of shade to relax under. They also have a very large kiddie land. I love all of the older rides like the turtles and noah's ark, so much charm! Defintley stay late to see them all light up at night. Go on a weekday to avoid the crowds. I last went on a Friday and didn't have to wait any longer than 20 minutes for any ride. A great time was had by all. I just can't wait until the old mill isn't a 3D Garfield ride anymore-that one was a heart breaker...I fondly remember the old mill of my youth! The food is amazing, super delish and greasy potatoe patch fries covered in cheese and real bacon, bring the pepto! Fresh corn dogs, dip n dots, and of course I never leave with out some chocolate walnut fudge at the end of the night. Johnny Rockets was closed due to the kitchen being too busy or something so I can't review it, we had our dinner at the Cafe on the porch, it was lovely.
3	I love kennywood have been going to the park since I was little and now drive 5 1/2 hours to bring my kids here as well. Today's visit was really shocking the racer, log jammer, broke down and closed. Garfield's spoke ride is in disrepair and 1/2 the inside exhibits didn't work. Kiddie land 1/2 the rides were closing for breakdowns! We paid for a ride all day pass but every time we got on something it closed due to breakdown. I really hope they invest back into the park and get some of the rides back into shape
5	I love it here. This was what I had to look forward to every summer as a child. It had a little bit for every age group. It had 4 or 5 old wooden roller coaster that I love. Also it has really great food for an amusement park. Would recommend to anyone at any age.
5	Kennywood is an amusement park above and beyond other amusement parks! It has that nostalgic charm that places like Cedar Point just can't offer. Things to check out:Phantom's RevengeThunderboltJackRabbitThe RacerPotato Patch French FriesThe Whip
5	Kennywood a Pittsburgh legacy with family , friends and treasured memories... Racers... Jack Rabbit... Thunder Bolt... Old Mill... Laughing In The Dark... Whip....Turtle... Noah Arc... Rodeo.... Silver Planes...Train Ride ... Family picnic pavillions... :-)
1	Parking not managed, no signage, no attendants directing. Waiting in line for over an hour even though we already have tickets, not a good situation for small kids, elderly, or the impatient!!
4	Not a big park, but a unique one. Situated near the edge of a forested mountain overlooking the river, this park is lovely on a nice day.  There are 3 great old wooden coasters, one extremely fun modern one,  a unique fun house, a kiddie land and a few old school rides you won't find many other places. The prices have gone up and are higher than I'd prefer, but a season pass is still a great deal and you are allowed to bring in your own food.  This is a rare, great thing. You can also park for free if you are willing to walk.  Eat some fries with vinegar at the potato patch, ride all of the roller coasters and enjoy the scenery.  A Pittsburgh staple and a location for the film Adventureland.
2	Not as good as Dorney Park, maybe I'm partial because I'm from Philadelphia.  But the park didn't have a lot of water rides and didn't seem to put enough effort into making the park hospitable.  The rides and booths were tacky and the park didn't seem clean.
