5	If you are looking for a place where you will see friendly faces, Unlimited Sushi for a fix price, tons of selection and a good poke (don't we all...haha), the cuisine, that is, and you happen to be in Vegas, then Hikari is a must!My friend showed me this place while I was in town over the weekend. Man, I am telling you, I miss it already. For $35/person, you can order unlimited Sushi, including high price items like --- Uni, Ikora, Oyster and the Hawaiian Poke. Everything was well prepared and very friendly staff. You can eat till you drop....Next time I am in town, I will surely go back.
5	Wow! Vegas certainly has many sushi places, but none compare to Hikari. I am extremely glad that business friend brought me here for late dinner one night--exceptional experience. First of all, this is a very ethnic restaurant--you will have as true of a Japanese experience as possible. Everything from the dishes served to the friendly Japanese servers are authentic. This is not an Americanized sushi place--you will find many "weird" foods by American standards. The cooks will make everything by your suggestions, but I would definitely advice to just tell them "make it the best way you know how." There are a lot of raw foods here--raw fish, sashimi (out of this world, by the way), raw oysters with super yummy spicy sauce etc. This place is not for the unadventurous, although there are several dishes that are very common, such as the hot menu. However, this plase is only amazing if you are able to enjoy it all--with its traditional atmosphere and its traditional raw seafood dishes. If you have a gentle stomach, this may not be the best place to dine.Service is quiet, quck and with an occasional Japanese joke humor. Traditional wide variety of alcoholic drinks. This restaurant is open after 5PM only up until 2AM. Good looking ladies (pretty much 99.9% of women) get discounts on all you can eat meal after 11PM.Great, authentic experience. In fact, I am unable to enjoy other sushi extablishements anymore since I love Hikari so much. It has no frills, the prices are average, but the traditional yummy fair and service wins me head over heals.
5	Before you go here make sure you call for their business hours!  I think they open at 4pm or 5pm?  I'd suggest getting there when they open because I've heard they get very packed!!!My boyfriend had the all-you-can-eat sushi.  I had the chicken teriyaki (as I do not eat anything that lives in the water except seaweed).  My meal came with soup and a small salad.  The soup was pretty tasty!  And the small salad was very basic but had a delicious dressing atop of it.  My entree was very good and lean (I hate fatty meats)!  I liked how they cut my chicken in small bite-sized pieces, making it easier to eat with chop sticks.  Their fried rice was the bomb!!!!!!  It had a very nice grill flavor to it!!!!My boyfriend liked 99% of his sushi as well.  We sat at the sushi bar where some other people were suggesting new dishes for him to try.  Some of the dishes were the Super White Tuna and the Volcano Roll--he loved them!!!!!!!!  He told me all of his rolls tasted fresh and had fresh ingredients.  Note to self:  If you sit at the sushi bar, you may purchase some sake or Japanese beer and share it with your sushi chefs, who appreciate this kind gesture.
4	I finally tried this place today thanks to the positive reviews from Yelpers.  It was definitely a steal... I mean, all you can eat for $25.95 that includes sashimi?  That definitely makes it alllllmost 5 stars.  I'm sorry, though, the menu is just not extensive enough and the place just isn't fancy enough for me to warrant giving it 5 stars.  If I'm looking for a pile of raw fish, though, I'll be stopping in here again.
4	I can thank my fellow yelpers for introducing me to Hikari.  Sure, I heard a few good things here and there, and the reviews just sounded too good to be true.  Finally, after referring someone else on Yelp to this place, I figure I had to go see for myself.For $26.95/pp, it's all-you-can-eat (AYCE) sushi...with pretty much no restrictions.  Now this is what makes Hikari very special.  Other restaurants usually limit you on one order of uni, amaebi, and hamachi collar per person.  Not here.  You get to order an unlimited amount, even without rice!  Yes, without rice I say!  Since the sushi bar was full, we sat at one of those teppanyaki tables and ordered off their sushi menu.  The waitress (all the staff were young and native Japanese speakers) took our beverage orders and was ready to get started with our sushi orders.  When I inquired about the sashimi, she said I could get whatever they had as sashimi instead of nigiri.  And that's pretty much what we ended up ordering all night.  Sure, they don't have a bunch of fancy rolls to choose from, but that's not why I'm here anyway.This is what we did get: * Agedashi Tofu* Soft Shell Crab Appetizer* Sashimi Combination* Oysters on the Half Shell* Maguro Sashimi* Hamachi Sashimi* Super White Tuna Sashimi* Seared Albacore* White Fish Sashimi* Sake Sashimi* Saba Sashimi* Amaebi Sashimi (including the deep-fried heads)* Ikura* Uni* Ika* Salmon Skin Hand Roll (with rice and without the rice)* Miso SoupThe only really bad food choices we made were the seared albacore and the saba.  The albacore and saba weren't that fresh, a bit tough and just not good.  Avoid! The Big F really enjoyed their salmon skin hand rolls (sans the rice), having at least four all to himself!  I really enjoyed all the uni, ikura, and oysters on the half shell myself.  Sure, they don't offer dessert as part of the AYCE as the other places do.  But I'll skip some mochi ice cream for more uni or sashimi!Service was good for the most part.  Our waitress came by often to see if we wanted more food.  There's a lot of staff here, and they are more than willing to help.  I did have to ask for my tea to be refilled all the time, so I wish they came by with the teapot more often.  (Next time I'll just ask for a teapot of my own.)  And it didn't take long at all for our food to arrive.  We barely had any waiting time in between each order.They do offer Teppanyaki dinners that include Japanese Onion Soup, Salad, Shrimp Appetizer, Fried Rice, and Combination Vegetables along with your entree choice.  There are a couple of kid choices too.  Gratuity of 18% will be added for parties of 4 or more.They are even open until 2 am, last call being at 1:30 am.  And ladies seated after 11 pm, get a discount at $22.50/pp.We'll be back for sure!
4	We were here on a Friday night, and the place is not nearly as packed as I thought it would.As everyone else has mentioned, it's $26 for all you can eat sushi (uni, ama ebi, sashimi, and other items like soft shell crab, oysters...the bf and I had 2 dozen oyster, 4 order uni, 4 order ama ebi, 2 softshell crab, 1 grilled yellowtail chin, and some sashimis, definitely ate our money worth, but the quality of sashimi is not very good. But the oysters and uni made up for it. Since we sat next to someone who were eating a lot and who was wayyy louder than we are, it was quite hard to grab the attention of the sushi chef and get our order, but I assume this would not be the case every time.If you are craving a lot of raw fish and uni, come here!
4	I had the all-you-can-eat option, and it was really yummy.  You really need to go with a few people for this option so you can try almost everything on the all-you-can-eat menu.  I was sad to find out that the green tea ice cream was not included in the all you can eat menu...sigh.The family at the next table ordered the hibachi show.  The chef who served them was hilarious.  Next time I go I'd love to try that.
4	We went to this place on a recommendation... 26 dollars and 95 cents for all you can eat sushi and appetizers...need I say more?PLUSAppetizers that were yumm-o... Tuna poke 5 stars, soft shell crab 4 stars, Raw Oysters 4 stars, mussels 3 stars..sadly I didn't get to sample some of the many apps I could've ordered but I needed to save room for the sushiSushi that was deee-lish.... any of the specialty rolls..my fav is the yummy roll topped with spicy tuna ..the sushi..white tuna and albacore were awesome..the salmon were cut like bricks! huge pieces of fish! I was in heaven! Tuna, spicy scallop , oh and the choice to want  some of our sushi spicy or not..next time I will just get them regular cause boy were they HOT! Now we were recommended by our friend to try the Amaebi (raw shrimp)..I didn't try it for fear of an allergic reaction I sometimes get to shrimp,but the others who did try it didn't like it so much.Service....food came exceptionally fast and prompt even though a couple of our orders were forgotten and we had to  reorder with the waitress again. But I like that our food came FAST and I was able to eat within  5 minutes of ordering the first appetizer.Added Bonus.for the late diners ...It says on the menu..11pm after $22.00 for sexy and pretty ladies...MINUSNo table seating..they sat us around the Teppanyaki tableKids are charged the SAME price as adults..no matter what age..wtf??For a party of 4 adults and a sleeping kid they automatically added the gratuity....so for a hundred something dollar bill, they got a pretty good tip.How awful I felt afterwards for eating SOOOO much. I tried to "walk it off" but it was useless. I felt pregnant with a food baby.(this place is located about 5 miles off the strip on Flamingo and Buffalo Dr...this wasn't a minus cause the drive wasn't really that far)OVERALL... I 'll be back because it was probably the best all you can eat sushi I've eaten.  I will just do my damndest not to get prego with that food baby again...ugh
4	My chill crew of 6 hungry guys...all with the craving for sushi...yelped and gps-ed our way to Hikari Japanese Steakhouse recently.  After placing our ambitious order (this can happen when eating at buffets that cost less then two bets on a blackjack table)...we all began to snap apart our chopsticks (note: they have a pail at the front desk...full of custom made semiautomatic chopsticks...for people with beginning level chopstick skills).  Before I finished removing the last stray splinter from my chopsticks...the 2 dozen oysters, assorted sashimi, soft shell crab, tuna poki, various rolls, MAGICALLY APPEARED.  Hikari must definitely hold some record for fastest delivery of sushi because I don't even get my fast food that fast.  A hot minute after the food arrived, the cute waitresses brought out the hot sake! (note: the waitresses get more attractive as the consumption of sake progresses...but they are cute when sober yo.)  Everything we ordered was delicious...the salmon sashimi could of been fresher...but the special dish the chef sent us made up for that (wish I knew what it was called so we could order that again)...had to remind them 2 times about the Uni (Sea Urchin) we ordered...but the extra raw quail egg on it made it cool.  The service is on point...waters never reach empty and finished plates are removed promptly.  This is the place for all you can eat sushi when you need sushi fast and need your sushi to taste goooooooood!
3	I've been back to Hikari at least five more times since my first visit.  The reason for the lowering of the stars was what happens after I leave Hikari!  Yes, everyone in my party had multiple visits to the restroom by the time we got home.  Sure, it's probably because we eat A LOT of the uni, ikura, and oysters on the half shell, but still!  We still enjoy Hikari for the most part and will probably continue to go, we just have to be careful every now and then, that's all!These usually make up our menu: * Uni* Ikura * Oysters on the Half Shell* Shrimp Fried Rice* Baked Mussels* Yam Yam Roll with Scallop* Hamachi sashimi* Super White Tuna sashimi* Sake sashimi* Agedashi Tofu* Soft Shell Crab appetizer* Amaebi sashimi with deep-fried heads* Salmon Skin hand roll* Fried OystersSashimi cut has always been an issue.  Sure, they don't pretty it up on a plate or anything, but rather just toss it onto a plate.  And sometimes the cuts can be pretty bad where you can't even chew the fish up.  Then again, it can depend on who is cutting up your fish.  Service has been better.  On one of the last times we went, the sushi chefs were rushing us to order, but we were still waiting for a friend.  (And there was no one waiting for our seats.)  And when we were ready to order, they were either watching TV or spacing out.  Orders were forgotten and had to repeated.  It was just slacking that night on their part.
3	All you can eat sushiSome fish smelled little fishySoft Shell crab was greatPrices is reasonable for quality
3	I went last night and I was paying for it the rest of the night.  Gosh, I just love eating all that uni, ikura and raw oysters!  It's so good!  The catepillar roll (sans rice), and then you add a little uni and ikura on top - yum yum!  The Husband and brother-in-law created their own hand roll of uni, ikura, sprouts, and gobo root.  Or salmon skin hand roll with some tako as well.Their scoop of green tea ice cream ($2.50) is pretty good, and the coconut sorbet that comes in a coconut shell reminds me of my honeymoon.  Very coconutty!Apparently they don't take reservations for the sushi bar after 5 pm.  They don't have any regular tables, but they let you sit at the teppanyaki tables instead and order sushi from the waitstaff.  And we're beginning to think it's actually faster and more efficient getting our food while sitting at the tables instead of at the bar.  The girls are pretty good about checking on you a lot and bringing the food quickly whereas when you sit at the bar,  you have to wave at the sushi chef to get their attention.
2	After reading a couple of reviews on Yelp and talking to some friends. I finally had a chance to go to Hikari to check out the all you can eat sushi. It was kinda of a disappointment!  The service sucked! I guess I caught them during shift change, but that's no excuse for the crappy service! Seemed like the 2 sushi chef's were pissed off about something and was venting to a server and guests'. When I did place my order, they pretty much forgot what I just told them and just gave me 1 of the 3 different types of sushi I ordered. This happened during the whole 45 mins I was there! Keep in mind it was not that busy! Only about 10 people total in the whole restaurant/sushi bar. On to the food...other than the sweet shrimp sushi, the food was just OK. I tried to order and sample all the offerings that place had, some were, when I got it, OK...some when I got it, were misses! I ordered some uni, it looked like the color was a little off. A friend of mine ordered the deep fried oysters, after waiting for about 10 minutes it finally came out. How painful it is to watch it being served to guest! It looked like they left the oysters in the deep fryer, forgot about it, and then tried to serve it! It looked like a very very deep brown, almost black stones on a plate! What a shame! I think if I had ordered some sake and got drunk...then maybe I would have forgotten about all the negatives. Oh well! Cheers!
4	I'm pretty divided on this place. First the good: the nigiri rolls are unbelievable. This is easily the freshest, best quality fish I've ever tasted on top of a little slab of rice. The super white tuna and seared albacore are unbelievable - flavorful and tender. The individual prices per roll are pretty high but if you get the all you can eat sushi deal for $26, you can easily stuff your face with 80 bucks worth of fish and rice. About 15-18 rolls later I couldn't move anymoe but my immobility was a happy one. We even ventured into the no-man uni territory and it was quite doable.The not super awesome thing about this restaurant: the non nigiri rolls. They're not all that excellent or even distinct enough to make you want to come specifically to Hikari, which is a bit out of the way from the strip. With a pretty short menu you're left ordering the same boring "house special" rolls you can get anywhere else and they're not worth the effort imo.  The deep fried rolls are in fact my least favorite ones, mostly b/c they're very very heavily fried. My sister's family really likes them but I found them to be toooo fried. All that aside, the nigiri is worth the drive from anywhere and if you'e got time to kill then take the drive from CA and stop by. The chefs are cool and the general feel is very authentic. If the menu had nothing but nigiri I would gladly rate this a 5 star...a longer menu would be nice too but thats just getting picky.
5	(+): I tried it during CES. (Jan 7, 2009). All you can eat Japanese buffet. Fresh oyster and sashimi. Good selection of different dishes.(-): Expect long wait time during peak hours.(=): Oyster and sahimi lover needs to try it.
4	Where else can you get all you can eat oysters....  I know, plenty of you say "oysters, are they fresh"?  You be the judge, order one and you'll see and taste the freshness.  I don't know how they do it, it really rocks!!!Now the sushi.....  It's perfect, big pieces and tastes like good quality sushi should.  The sushi chefs are there to please you and it shows.  They also have teppan tables there for you non sushi eaters.Give this place a try.  I believe you will be a fan, especially if you love oysters....I'm going to ride on the coat tail of this review, I also really enjoy "Sushi On Rainbow", very close to Hikari.  It's truly a hole in the wall and it's a little kept secret.  The owners are actually Japanese. Their sushi is great and on Sunday's and Monday's, it's all you can eat and all you can drink (house sake and draft beer) for the same price $23.99  You can't beat that.....  You may not fit through the door on the way out!!!!!FYI, If I'm with friends who aren't in the mood for oysters, then we divert to Sushi On Rainbow...
5	Each time I visit Vegas I am literally BEGGIN on the FLOOR (I know, pathetic eh?) to go to this place. Although the all you can eat sushi menu is round $32 per person (tax and tip) it is well worth it! The all you can eat is made to order and you can get FRESH oysters, salmon cheek, any roll you damn well please. Who in their right mind would not want to try this once???Most of my friends laugh at the idea of GOOD sushi in the middle of the desert, but they've yet to try and if they don't it's their loss! The sushi is plentiful and they aren't stingy on anything. Anything that you don't eat, you will get charged for. :X The service is great, and I am always hoping HEGEH will be there for me. Definitely try their orange sherbet desert! They fill and orange peel with creamy orange goodness and top it with a lil orange lid. I saw a little boy eating one and I pointed and screamed "I WANT ONE OF THOSE". :D Unfortunately, it is not on the all you can eat menu. But oh well, I have change to spare!And ladies, if you go after 11p, it's discounted! woohoo!
3	It's going to be a hit or a miss here.  I've already been here a few times.  First couple of times, it was a bit above average.  The sashimi wasn't the greatest I've had at a AYCE (All You Can Eat), but it's awesome that they even had all you can eat sashimi.  One time I went, the fish was just amazing.  The service was pretty good also.  Having them do half rice rolls are great, and they'll try to accommodate by making you a roll that you want.  However, the last time I went, most of the fish looked a bit off, pale, or not exactly the right color, but my girlfriend and I ate it anyways.  Our stomachs were in great amounts of pain afterwards.  It must have been an off day there since almost everything (even the fried foods were overcooked) looked a bit off except the super white tuna and salmon.  It's forgivable this time since this hasn't happened before and the manager was nice enough to give me a refund.You can either sit at the sushi bar or the regular dining areas.  There's a small television around the sushi bar, but sometimes the chefs seem to get distracted by it.  It's ok, they're friendly and make corny jokes.  The service is a bit funny since the waitresses forget about a few dishes since people order so much.  It's okay since the chefs hands out the orders pretty quickly.  The place isn't too shabby, but I wouldn't consider it the a very nice sushi atmosphere.  I'm not trying to knock it, it's just the truth.  The waitresses and chefs are friendly.  So hopefully you're here on a good day when you pass by.
5	Fcuk Yeah! SeaKing!!  I used to be hesitant about sushi or seafood places the further away they were from the sea, and Vegas is in the middle of the desert.  I'm not sure how, but this place has some fresh fish.  The AYCE sushi here is fantastic.  The roommates and I used to drive out from LA just for dinner here.  The AYCE sushi isn't limited to just rolls, nigiri and some appetizers, but includes a crapload of sea-crap like poke, soft shell crab, oysters, sashimi, among other stuff.  The waitress are way nice and always checking up on you.  This place is legit, even my vegetarian friend comes a long to eat here.
5	Thank you Jenny B for suggesting we go to this place!  Thank you, thank you, thank you!!Saturday night in Vegas we were trying to decide whether to go to a buffet or have all-you-can-eat sushi.  I'm sure the buffet would have been good too, but I'm glad we decided on the sushi.  Hikari is actually a Japanese steak house and sushi bar, so you can either sit at a table and have steak, seafood, etc or sit at the sushi bar for some great AYCE sushi, sashimi, rolls and appetizers.  I'm a big fan of Midori in LA, but I have to say Hikari was better.  What I like more about Hikari is that they have some key things on their AYCE menu that Midori doesn't, namely sashimi.  You have your choice of nigiri or sashimi with the different types of sushi they offer.  I'm not a big fan of raw oysters on the half-shell, but they also offer that as part of the AYCE, which I know isn't normally cheap.  I don't remember everything I had here, but what I can remember includes shrimp tempura, miso soup, edamame, fried scallops (they call the "Frallops"), soft shell crab, a plate of mixed sashimi, tuna, yellowtail, super white tuna, salmon and shrimp nigiri.  I know there was more, but the dishes were coming so fast and furious I couldn't keep up.  My favorites were the crab, scallops and the super white tuna sashimi.  They put some spicy garlic jalapeno sauce on it which added a nice kick.  We also ended up getting some red bean, green tea, mango and strawberry mochi ice cream for dessert (which wasn't part of the AYCE so we had to pay extra for it).  Overall everything was very good quality and very tasty.  I see some complaints about the service in other reviews, but I thought it was excellent.  We sat at the sushi bar so the chefs were right there, but they were super quick and attentive not only with the sushi that they made right there at the bar, but the cooks in the back that were making the appetizers and cooked dishes were putting them out in record time as well.  I don't think we waited more than 2 or 3 minutes for anything we ordered.  The sushi chefs had great attitudes and were very friendly.  Note, they are open until 2am and from 11pm-2am they have the "good looking ladies" special where good looking ladies can eat AYCE for $22.50 instead of the normal price of $26.95.  Not sure who judges whether the ladies are good looking or not, but my guess is as long as you are a lady you'll get the special.  Drag queens of Vegas, sorry but you're probably out of luck.
5	Went here last year and last week too... and I already miss the Uni and Oysters T_T ohh soo good!!! The chefs kept on entertaining us - they're so funny and the foods are so fresh, great selection of albacore, ama ebi, salmon, saba, white tuna soft shell crab ...*drooling*  my friend didn't like Uni but I asked her to try it here, she got hooked! hahahaha... Thank God there's one all you can eat place like Hikari on earth!
4	All-You-Can-Eat Sushi for $26.95? The things included are; Appetizers, Rolls, Nigiri, and Sashimi?! Total deal! Especially since the fish are all fresh and tasty!The Chefs were extra friendly, efficient, and on top of our orders. We sat at the Sushi Bar and it's made to order, it was totally fast - one plate kept coming after another and we actually had to tell them to stop because we couldn't keep up. Definitely smiles all around since we bought them rounds of beer too =D
5	I heart Hikari.  They let me eat however much I want of whatever I want. Other sushi buffets will make sure you fill up on rice, but not Hikari. Sashimi is included in their buffet; they even let me order items in the Nigiri section and leave out the rice. Very flexible and accommodating sushi chefs.I loved the Kama (grilled yellow tail collar).  I haven't had this anywhere else, but it's in my Fav 5 now.  The super white tuna and soft shelled crab were also delicious.I ate so much, the sushi chef told me I owe them food next time I come in. Very funny sushi chefs indeed (though I'm not entirely sure he was joking...). I waddled out a happy man.Note:  If you don't eat raw items, you're probably better off ordering off the regular menu.
1	Hikari has one of the worst quality fish in Las Vegas.  They let you eat it sashimi style because they order the cheapest quality of fish. The service is also horrible.  The waitresses are very slow and cant comprehend orders very well.  Some orders will come out extremely fast, while others will come out at the end of your meal.  We had to remind the waitresses at least twice for every order. ***The worst part of our visit was that we found a squirming tiny worm in our ginger/wasabi plate.  THIS PLACE IS UNSANITARY.  We showed the waitress who plainly just brings us another wasabi plate, and doesn't even realize how disgusting it is.
4	I am an all-you-can-eat sushi fan and always looking for good places with fresh fish and affordable deals. Almost all the sushi AYCE places do not serve sashimi items along. If you would like to taste the raw fish, you have to order nigiri and finish the rice too. I thought it's pretty standard for AYCE stores, until I came here.They let you order sashimi combos, for any fish you would like to taste, any numbers of orders you can finish! And their sashimi is not just salmon and tuna, they also have hamachi! I seriously love their sashimi, it tastes so fresh and great. Also for Amaebi (sweet shrimp), if you'd like it, they will give you a generous portion with lots of shrimps, and just shrimps. Oh did I mention that they don't limit the number of uni you ordered either?I did not eat too many rolls but I remember their tiger roll was also very amazing. Spicy tuna on the top with crunchy tempura shrimp in the middle makes the texture so wonderful. One thing that does impress me is the "dynamite" from its appetizer menu. When it's served it has a flame over your food and makes people "wow" for a second. It is more like a baked roll with imitation crab and some yum yum sauce, but I would think it may be a little bit salty for some people. It's a pity that I can't find the grill fish collar from its AYCE menu. Besides sweets like mochi and ice cream was not included in AYCE menu either. Other than that I would say Hikari is one of the best sushi AYCE I have ever been.
5	Very good, friendly service.  Super fast delivery on sushi and sashimi.  This is the first and only place I have been to so far the has ALL YOU CAN EAT SASHIMI.  It amazes me when I order and they ask, "Rice or no rice?" I was introduced to Hikari by a friend and have been bringing others here with always a great response.  They would be writing too if they werent so stuffed!!
5	Yelpers come through again!  This was truly a find off of the Strip.  Excellent value for an AYCE MTO sushi and like people have noted before, uni, amaebi, and oysters are part of the deal!  I wish they had some sort of kid's AYCE special b/c my 4 yr downed 3 sets of rolls, tempura, and a couple of ebi sushi pieces!  Her total almost matched ours!  Regardless, it was truly a nice experience and the sushi chef (and owner?) was always accommodating and always checking if we wanted more.
5	If you love all you can eat sashimi, this is the only place on earth!  They are fast and food is fresh.  I have been coming here regularly for years.  It is a hidden Vegas gem!
3	Here's the thing:I understand why there are so many five star reviews for Hikari.  I've been to 30+ all you can eat sushi restaurants in the past few years and I've never seen anyone match Hikari's selection.  Fresh oysters, sweet shrimp, soft shell crab, sea urchin roe, even sashimi (!) which are always charged extra at normal AYCE restaurants are included in Hikari's $26.95 all you can eat price.  The fish also was fresh and all the food tasted very good.  If star ratings were based on food and price alone, Hikari would have my unabashed 5 thumbs up.However, the service at this place was extremely lacking.  I've worked in restaurants as a server and a chef so I always try to give workers the benefit of the doubt when things are not up to par...  but after a while, even I had to stop making excuses for them.I would say about 30% of our orders were not delivered to our table.  On three separate occasions, my party asked "Where are our oysters?" and the servers claimed that we hadn't ordered them, that they were coming (they weren't) and finally, unapologetically, she informed us that they had been delivered to another table (WHAT?!).  This happened also with several other items that we had ordered, although we did get servers trying to give us food that we hadn't ordered.  Maybe it was the whole "we gave it to another table" that was now coming around to us.I should say in the spirit of holiday fairness that it was the busy night after Christmas.  I should also state that this unbelievably reasonable price appeals to a specific group of people with greedy streaks a kilometer wide and a penchant for trying to eat the most expensive items at the cheapest price (read: Asians).  And in full disclosure, my tablemates along with 80% of the clientele appeared to be members of a particularly avaricious brand of Asians.  Still, if you're advertising such a great deal, and the food is so good, it's such a shame that the service is so slipshod.  (I've been working on incorporating alliteration into my prose.)  The ordering and delivery method of the servers- much like America's current health care system - is horribly broken and inefficient.  The owners/managers should train their staff to limit the number of orders taken at once to avoid wasted food as well as all of these pesky missed orders.  The only bright side to their gross inefficiency was that they did not charge our party for two large Asahi beers.  These, I drank in part to dull the ache of witnessing such terrible restaurant management.But the way I see it, people always love a great deal and in the case of my people - Asians - low price for high quality will always trump poor service.  Just go to any Pho restaurant on planet Earth if you're not convinced of that fact.  That's not to say that our party and others within spitting distance did not complain loudly and often: we did.  It's just that the complaints were muffled by endless streams of oysters, soft shell crab and uni being shoveled into the gaping maws of Hikari's customers...  and in the end, if that's not customer satisfaction, I guess I don't know what is.
2	I'm not a big fan of AYCE sushi joints but we were taking my mom for dinner & like most good Asian moms...she loves her Asian AYCE/buffets!We actually found the service to be really good.  However, the layout of the restaurant is weird.  Apparently it used to be a teppan steakhouse so all the seats are set around teppan griddles in a U shape, which doesn't lend itself to conversation in a small group.  For most of our meal, we're looking at the folks eating at the U shaped table directly across from us.  Kinda awkward.Note that they include 18% grat on parties of 4 or more.  I've seen a lot of 6 or 8...but auto grat on a party of 4?I should've known we were in trouble from the beginning.  Our server recommended starting with a dozen fresh oysters.  Wow...fresh oysters at an AYCE joint?  We asked which type of oysters as Kumamotos are our favorites & this being a Japanese restaurant we thought perhaps this is what they served.  He had a blank look on his face & answered "uhh..just order it and you'll see."  They came quickly and were huge.  Really huge and flavorless.  Two-bite oysters are obscene & gross...especially when they have no flavor. I prefer Japanese owned sushi joints bcuz the rice is real sushi rice...the nigiri & sashimi are cut with the precision that has been taught for 1000's of years.  Their sashimi came in odd shapes...cubed, rectangular, trapezoidal.  The sushi at times was inedible.  Some cut with the grain...some against the grain.  Uni was a shade of dark brown.  Shrimp temp was gummy...probably frozen tempura.  The tofu salad was made with Chinese tofu...not the soft Japanese tofu.I can see why people go here; however yelpers rating this restaurant 5 stars are rating with their wallets.  Even my mom said she'd never come back.
4	I only ordered spicy tuna rolls but they were good. We had a party of 14 people and some did all you can eat. They kept getting certain orders wrong or not showing up lol. I think there should have been a better ordering system. Otherwise, they were all super nice! Props.
3	After reading all these reviews we had to give this place a shot. To make the story short:It's an ok AYCE joint if you eat the side dishes (none seafood dishes)The service was extremely attentive and the food came out within 5 minutes after ordering. We were shocked. The girls made sure we were served alright. We were seated at the Teppanyaki table (which is the key if you want quick serving).My favorite was the Agedashi Tofu, the Tempura Shrimp and the Salmon Skin Salad..but then again, I did not eat alot of Sushi as I am currently nursing.My hubbie however had lot's of Sushi. The negative was the quality of the seafood. The Uni color was awkward, the Oysters looked strange too and the Sashimi was not appealing. To make it short, shortly after eating my hubbie got a stomache ache..We prefer to pay a bit more and get a better quality Sushi...
4	All delicious kinds of yum. I'm still dreaming about the super white albacore 3 weeks later.  I love that its bar style seating so the atmosphere feels cozy, intimate, and authentic! The Japanese sushi chefs are always smiling and boisterous. Too bad you need a car to get here from the strip! My friends and i fantasize about this place every time we hit up Vegas.Super white albacore on the left!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/E62l6LwZJ7lKaExcUbrtYw?select=Y4uXNgVD0UndvpI1Xzv3OgDelicious rolls!http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/E62l6LwZJ7lKaExcUbrtYw?select=glJWE1iFzYLcVM4mtmbp4gJust OK-  Agedashi tofuhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/E62l6LwZJ7lKaExcUbrtYw?select=WyP5EznpAoO3qy5Mr8BuewLove Yellowtail and Salmon! Nice thick pieces with little ricehttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/E62l6LwZJ7lKaExcUbrtYw?select=JlhTtx8P5sjZuzdQ9f7gDQ
4	I wasn't thinking that AYCE sushi would be a particularly great deal for me, since I'm normally quite satisfied getting a chirashi bowl for $15-20.  Nonetheless, in the name of being in LV and doing things I wouldn't do at home, I thought that AYCE would be fun.  I chose Hikari over Oyshi because it was open later.I tried every type of fish on offer (I liked that sake, maguro, tai, and hamachi were available as sashimi as well as nigiri), plus a few other items, and thought that everything was excellent (forced to select a favorite, I would cite the super-white tuna nigiri with spicy sauce).  I got my $26 worth, and left happy, but I don't think I'll need to do AYCE sushi again.
4	Came here MLK weekend with a group of 9, and boy did my tummy have a rockin' time!THIS is the place that has made me finally ditch the fears and embrace raw fish!! :) (Can't believe my AP Bio teacher Mr. Hendrickson had that long of an effect on me with all his talk of worms and parasites......*shudder*).Due to this former long-standing fear of consuming sashimi and raw fish in rolls, I now realize that I've missed out for a long time and had only previously ventured to 1 other AYCE establishment.   That one made you have to eat rice with each order of the raw... AYCE **sashimi** that tastes YUM and doesn't get you ill?? Does that even exist in LA? I tried many different kinds of raw delights here and enjoyed them all.  Only heard one complaint and that was about the Uni which to me looked really slimy and scary. So, don't order that folks.  Also, the cucumber salad sucked, but all else I ordered or shared from others' plates was quite delicious. This place was a little overwhelmed by our larger party and as others previously mentioned, the service was hit and miss.  Orders were lost (and at first, half the table's orders weren't even taken!) and had to be asked about on more than one occasion.  However, the 4 stars should tell you that it was worth it nonetheless. The waitress tried hard to manage the orders of 9 foodies who DID inundate her with dozens of orders... and the sushi chef who yells out a lot, adorable!  He even came by our table to personally apologize for a lack of smoked salmon and to take a pic with one of our party.  Can't wait to go back... maybe even in as soon as a couple weekends! :)
3	This is definitely not a place to go to if you have a party of 4 or greater because THEY DON'T HAVE TABLES. Unless your whole group would want to do Teppanyaki grill, that's a different story, but if they do, I prefer Benihana  anyways because of the ambiance.  I understand that this is a "mom and pop" kind of place but the decor is in screaming need of a make-over. That peeling paint, 30 year old carpet, flickering fluorescent lights, the drabby setting reminds me of eating in the basement of my college dorm room, alone. And alone is how I felt when I sat at the grill with my whole party spread out in a giant semi-circle. With the mood set, I can say that this AYCE place is comparable to the rest of the joint here Las Vegas. I ordered the steak plate which is quite soft and succulent but at Oyshi, you can order all you eat rib-eye plates that is almost of equal quality.Overall my experience was definitely unforgettable thanks to my moments of deja vu. Perhaps if I went with my wife and sat at the sushi I would have had a different experience...
4	Four stars because it has all you can eat sashimi, and this is the first place I've found it in Vegas.Good quality fish, a couple of decent innovative rolls. I give it a 2 for atmosphere, a 3 for presentation, a 4 for the food. I'd still prefer to go to Naked Fish over Hikari... dollar for dollar, it's just better.This place is cool though, it has a discount for good looking girls after a certain hour. The chefs seem to have a good time at work, the service is quick and efficient, and overall it was a great meal.Will definitely be dining here again, though next time I hope they have more sashimi selections available.
5	After reading the reviews on the Rapid Rewards dining website, we decided to give Hikari a try. What we found was the best sushi restaurant in Vegas!What drew us to Hikari was the all you can eat sushi for about $25 per person. The sashimi were excellent, especially the hamachi. The rolls were excellent as well. We especially enjoyed the banzai roll! Hikari is located off the strip, but it's very easy to find. They offer both sushi bar and open table seating. Both time we went, we were seated within 5 minutes. Can't beat that in Vegas! The chef was fast and friendly and the waitresses were excellent.Hikari is a hidden gem in Vegas. You can't beat the quality of the food or the price you pay. We can't wait to drop by Hikari the next time we are in Vegas!
5	Sashimi lover's rejoice! An all you can eat sashimi restaurant for a decent price.  Hikari (as everyone else has pointed out) is a 3-section restaurant.  1) Steak house2) Tepenyaki3) Sushi!!!! (guess which one we went to!)For valentine's Day, My lady wanted to go here so we did.  We were seated JUST as they opened and were greeted very warmly by everyone there.  The sushi chefs first asked, "Are you doing all you can eat?" And of course we said yes.  That's when the floodgates opened.  The sushi chefs and wait staff are VERY attentive and very generous and you can't forget, very fun(ny).  We started off with the normal sashimi; ahi, yellowtail, salmon, etc.  The lady also asked for some oysters (I'm not a big fan of them) and they just yelled out, "One Dozen Oysters!"  Every person there that ordered oysters was given a dozen.  Usually at an AYCE place,  You'd think they'd be kinda cheap with it and only give you 1 at a time, but this place was hugely generous.  It was even better when she told them I don't eat oysters so they took 10 of them back without complaining.  So aside from the massive amounts of raw fish and rolls what sets this place apart?  Well, as an AYCE place, they have a REALLY good selection.  I already mentioned the oysters, but they also have scallop sashimi, uni and baby sweet shrimp on the menu.  First place I've seen that has these high price items on it.  The scallops were where my lady friend went nuts.  She probably ate 15 total and the chef realized this.  The third time she asked for scallops, he said, "Let me see your plate!" and plopped down 6 scallops on the plate.  Then asking "Is that enough?".  You could see her eyes light up as we all had a good chuckle on the playfulness with the chef.  About 80% of the way through the meal, we asked on a whim, "Do you have salmon belly?" And they did!!! Oh man I was in heaven.  There is one drawback on the food aspect. It's all you can eat for about $28.  How fresh do you REALLY think the fish is?  It's fresh enough to be yummy but not fresh enough to be YUMM-O.   With the Uni, scallops, oysters, salmon belly, I'd definitely say it's worth it but it's not a place for me to go back every time I'm in vegas.So why the 5th star?  What made it for me was the service.  That's where the extra star comes in.  The sushi chefs are generous and attentive as is the wait staff.  My tea never was empty and we always had fish in front of us.  One of the perks of being a smaller venue with 2 chefs.  They can give you more attention.  Also they're fun!  The sushi chef said, "All you can eat anything on the menu... including me!" In which my lady friend said, "Okay I'll take you!"  His reply?  "Okay I'll meet you after work".  My only advice was that he show up with scallops.  My word of advice is to make a reservation.  We didn't have to worry about it since we were there so early but it is small.  I can see this place filling up.  I'd say it can hold about 20 people total.
5	after reading michael w.'s review.. i thought could this be true? AYCE sashimi? i had to confirmed with a few people. I even had to ask Misti Y. to try it out for me to see if it's true or not! haha Thanks Misti!how often do you get to order AYCE of sashimi (AND no time limit)? that alone gets 5 stars! here at Hikari, you can order the following sashimi.. that's right - NO RICE!scallops, yellow tail, salmon, tuna, white tuna, salmon belly, oyster, uni, sweet shrimp, soft shell crabs, albacore, and a whole list of sushi rolls and other appetizers. Yes you can also order nigiri.. but if you can order sashmi.. why would you fill your stomach w/ rice? i stuffed my stomach w/ 15 WHOLE scallop sashimi.. yes i have shocked my sushi chef.  and plates after plates of tuna, salmon, and a bunch of other sashimi.For $27, this is a great deal for an AYCE sashimi place. Though the fish wasn't THE freshest of the fresh..it was still good. they're not  stingy w/ the portion either. And the service was fast. I asked for an order and w/in seconds my plate of sashimi appeared in front of me!The uni wasn't that fresh. The sweet shrimp were rather small compared to what i'm used to having. The soft shell crab was just okay. My $27 was well worth it.. i didnt order any rolls.. i dont think i ate a single grain of rice.. it was just FISH FISH FISH!  Oh and the sushi chef - he was AWESOME! These two people who ate like a few dishes and then left.. he said to them "tonight you lose"but to me.. he said "tonight, you won"  muahaha For pictures, please see Eric L's photos
5	Went again, three times since my last visit, and we brought 5 other friends.  It was great as usual.  Service was lightning fast and the portions just right.  Our friends also enjoyed the food and  atomsphere.   All of us were returning customers except for one couple who loved the sevice and delicious morsels on their first visit.  They will be returning.    We had osyter shooters, nigori-zake, salmon kama, salmon skin hand rolls, spicy tuna hand rolls, and varieties of sashimi.
4	Great AYCE sushi/sashimi place in vegas.  It's an interesting set up with a teppan set up right next to the sushi bar.Food is great, and made to order.  The speed at which they bring the items out is quite impressive.  Also the attitude of the sushi chefs are great.  They don't try to skimp out on you and they are quite funny to say the least.Great value for people looking for sushi for a reasonable price.
3	The true all you can eat sushi place in Vegas, but you sacrifice a lot of quality.Food:You can load up on anything uni, toro, sashimi, oysters, anything. But just know that you will take a key hit in quality. This is a notch down from Sushi-Mon. The menu is also a lot more limited from Sushi Mon, so be prepared for that. While still good, just don't expect the best. Service:The chefs here are really awesome and try to stuff your face full when you're done with your sushi. I recommend sitting at the sushi bar if you can. The wait staff was friendly at the beginning, but I think they got a little annoyed that we were ordering too much food, which we all ate by the way. It seemed like they ignored us for a while at one point in the night. Price: Dinner price is $30, which is $2 more than Sushi-Mon and doesn't include desert and 18% forced gratuity on a party of 4. They include sashimi, but can't give you desert added to the all you can eat menu? Its not like someone would come to this place and load up on mochi ice cream.This is a true all you can eat restaurant minus desert. If you want to load up a limited selection of sushi, come here. If you want a bigger selection of sushi with better quality, go to Sushi-Mon.By the way, its discrimination to allow pretty ladies to eat for cheaper after 11pm!!!
2	They were fast- I got most things that I ordered within 10 minutes, but was quickly disappointed. Key word being most- they forgot several of our orders for well over a half hour and brought out the wrong beer for one person- we got a comped beer but still not a promising start. The tuna was a bit too grey. The yellowtail nigiri was described as "crispy" by one of our companions, who also claimed to have gotten a bone in his bite. The rolls were stuffed to the gills with imitation crab and a few of the fish pieces were picked off due to their unpalateable look. We've eaten at a lot of sushi places, and I was stoked when I heard people actually speaking Japanese! Plus the scallop sashimi, unlimited uni and oysters was a huge selling point for me, which was the main reason I harassed my party of four into going. While it's nice that these items are offered, the overall impact left a lot to be desired. We tried the salmon- which was OK, the highlight of the sashimi. I got scallops- a bit dull and chewy, oysters- which were fresh-ish but not fabulous, shared the "Skreem inor gazim" which was one of the better moments, a bit of soft shell crab [soooo much better at Bluefin!], a few mediocre pieces of yellowtail and tuna... one of our companions opted out of eating anything, the other barely picked at their food. I had high expectations and really wanted to like this place- I mean, AYCE sashimi?! OMG, that'd be AWESOME if the fish were more appetizing. I'll stick with Bluefin, the fish tastes a whole lot fresher and I like their in-house specials [cajun albacore, special rolls, appetizers, etc] a lot more, plus the lower price. The poki at Hikari didn't compare to the poki at Island grill or Yama. It was fun being able to speak japanese with them, and they were fairly attentive, but not worth the trip from my side of town and not worth the price for the quality of the fish. :{ Bummer!
5	New to Yelping, but not new to this restaurant.Just came back from another satisfying experience at Hikari. They have fresh pacific oysters that they keep in a fish tank. I find it best to go to a sushi bar by oneself and chat it up with the chefs and make new friends with other patrons. Bought some sake for the chefs for their wonderful creations/service and drank with another patron. The chefs are also really funny as well. Today I was famished from rock climbing Red Rock and I asked the chef to make a roll that he would like and it was delish! Too bad I don't have a working digital camera but all the dishes I ordered were artwork. The Uni was fresh...nice and yellow. The last AYCE sushi place I went to the Uni was brown looking and tasted funky. You won't find anything to be fishy here, only fresh.Definitely try the white tuna with all the toppings...it is bomb. The soft shell crab is great and the best part of this AYCE joint is that they will serve you sashimi. BIG FAT CUTS of sashimi. After eating 2 dozen oysters by myself which usually costs $15 to $20 at other restaurants and then some of the more expensive items, I definitely ate my moneys worth. For me, it takes some serious self discipline to not come here more than a few times a week...it really is that good!
4	This is the second time I've been here. Equally as good as the last. The other reviews pretty much cover all the good stuff. Plus, good looking ladies get a discount after 11 or so.All you can eat prices are fantastic as you can stuff your face with as much fish as you want. They don't care. Surprisingly, what they do care about is you stuffing your face with the plum wine oranges they give you at the end of the meal. They restrict you to two. I guess the sushi is whatever to them, but those oranges are precious. They must be filled with gold or glazed with the blood of a thousand virgins.
5	Another satisfying experience and drinking with the chefs is fun! Thanks for filling me up Hikari!
1	I am writing this based off a previous experience this year because over my dead body will I ever be caught eating here again. As a vegetarian, there are ridiculously limited options when eating out at Japanese restaurants, so I go in expecting that the items I do get are fresh, delicious, and up to par. Hikari did not do any of these things. Miso soup - really hard to mess this one up, and they did not. It's miso soup, not much to report. Vegetable tempura - YUCK. Whoever cooked these does not know the first thing about cooking vegetables. Not only were they mushy on the inside, but they did not taste fresh at all. No crunch, all mush. Disgusting. Trying to compose myself and order something that cannot possibly get messed up, I ordered some mochi ice cream. Make that freezer-burned mochi ice cream. Are you serious?! You can't even keep MOCHI fresh, god knows how old the vegetable dishes I ate were. If you are a vegetarian, stay FAR FAR AWAY from this place. Don't order anything except maybe the soup because everything else is not worth it. I have been to sushi places where the food was "meh", but never this horrific. My stomach turns just thinking about it.
4	As has been mentioned in previous reviews, this place offers all you can eat sashimi!  It's the first place that I've come across to offer this.  So of course I had to make it out to this restaurant when Blair put together a mini Yelp gathering here.I started off the night with salmon, mackerel and yellowtail sashimi; the mackerel and yellowtail were great.  Sadly, I've had better salmon at many other restaurants.  That was unfortunate for me because salmon is my favorite!  Throughout the night I also had the agedashi tofu, which was pretty bland with not much flavor, even while soaked in sauce.  I also tried a few rolls, but I can't recall what they were as they were ordered by others.  (I'm looking at you Elnino...)Outside of the mackerel and yellowtail, nothing else really stood out to me.  It all seemed average; which maybe explains why they offer the all you can eat sashimi.  Not a place I would frequent on a regular basis, but I would come back again.
3	So I'm a sushi snob. I knew going in with AYCE the quality suffers and I lowered my expectations accordingly. There were some hits, and some misses, but overall Hikari isn't a great value for this snob.I can say service was exceptional. There is no time limit and waitresses really keep the plates coming ! Major props to the staff for that. Things that were damn good:*Philadelphia roll. Surprisingly well made and tasty given the circumstances.*Super White tuna - great texture, not fishy at all. MMM*Fried rice. I know I'm lame for ordering this, but it was what I was craving. Yummy ! Just Ok:*Soft shell crab appetizer*Edamame - cold and not salty enough for me*Yellowtail - not fishy, but not fabulous*Oysters - ok to be fair I didn't eat any. However I thought it was sketchy that some of them were soooo tiny. Like the size of a dime tiny. Just didn't seem like "normal" oysters to me. EW:*Screaming Orgasm - yes I was idiotic to order a sauce covered fish at an AYCE place. Everything was going alright so I figured, how bad can it be? Disgusting my friends. The fish was those hack job chewy end pieces that you can't really eat without gagging. Sauce was watery mayo. Stay far far away from this!Overall can't say I was wowed, but I got what I expected for AYCE . Service was great and food was just ok.  I did have a fun time with the Yelp crew and look forward to the next sushi UYE !
5	This is as good as it gets, never had better all you can eat sushi.  Uni sashimi, poke, scallops, raw oysters are all great.  Hikari express roll and super white tuna are the most divine in any place!  We love Hikari.  We live in Los Angeles but go to Vegas about 6 times a year and it is mandatory that we have saturday night dinner at Hikari.  The staff are authentically Japanese and they know what they're doing.For ladies, if you go after 11PM, they let you eat for $22.50, what a steal!!
3	I was very excited to try the only Sushi restaurant that has all you can eat Sashimi and went into Hikari SOLO!It is Japanese owned. Sushi bar is small and staff if friendly. The AYCE menu is small, but it had most of my favorites so I was pleased to be there.My first order was:Hamachi & White Tuna Sashimi - The serve you with a lot of it and sliced very thick. The White Tuna was served with a hint of garlic sauce and jalapenos. Although I wasn't too fond of the thickness, it was still tasty.Salmon Skin Hand Roll - This was good and it wasn't too much rice.2nd Order: Tai - Red Snapper Sashimi - I requested for it to be sliced thin this time and it was good. I also ordered another round of Hamachi & White Tuna thin sliced and sushi chef was more than happy to accommodate my request. Agadeshi Tofu - It was good, but it had too much sauce.Surf Clam Sashimi - It wasn't bad, but I had better that was more tasty.3rd Order: Nigiri Uni, Sea Urchin - It was definitely a lot of rice and Uni was okay, it lacked flavor or maybe freshness? Seafood Tempura - There was so much of it! 3 pieces each of Shrimp, Squid & White Fish.  It was good and I have no complaints. This was the one that left me full and I was hesitant to keep ordering more items.Ikura Nigiri - Again, too much rice. Amaebi, Sweet Shrimp -  shrimp was so small and definitely had a lot of rice which overpowered the fresh taste of the shrimp.Fresh Oysters - This was good.Last order: Edamame - Very poor. It has been sitting there and it was served cold which was also stale. I prefer my edamame served hot with salt.Hikari charges AYCE for $26.95 and my total bill was $34 including tip.I gave a good tip for the service because the chef was really nice to me and enjoyed our conversation about my travels to Japan. Even though my excitement slowly diminished as my time spent in Hikari kept on passing me by, I am open to come back for AYCE Sashimi as long as they keep serving me with the thin sliced fish. Perhaps next time I can bring some company with me, so we can share the the large portion of Sashimi!
4	Pretty darn good all-u-can-eat Sushi!  The fast service is A+.  The food is B- but the service nd atmospere at the Sushi Bar makes up.  The main chef is friendly and has a great presentation.My favorite was the soft-shell crab.  Its basically KFC made of cruchy tasty crab!  You won't leave hungry and you will want to come back again.
5	This place is the most authentic sushi bar Ive been in. They have the AYCE for $26.99The sashimi were very fresh,oysters were very good.They have a menu were you can pick your AYCE.They also have hibachi grill and other items you can order a la carte if you prefer to have that.
5	This is my place to go for sushi. My family and I love it. I'm more of a sashimi person and I love how they have AYCE sashimi. That's the best thing ever. Their rolls are limited but I don't mind, I usually order off the appetizer anyways. It's good and fresh and the chefs are a class act. They're so funny and goofy and the staff is on top of their game, most of the time. I would say they have the best AYCE menu. Everything there is literally good. I would say it's a must and I think I'm long overdue for another visit.
5	I love HIKARI!!!2nd time around and it just gets sweeter all the time!!!
4	My boyfriend and I were fiending for sushi on Labor Day Monday, and we were on the West side, and I did a quick Yelp search to find out where to go that was close by. (Thank goodness for these "smart" phones. haha) Hikari came up, and I had remembered seeing it previously reviewed by some "friends" on here. I figured we might as well give it a shot. Let me just say, that once I figured out they offered all-you-can-eat sashimi, I thought it was a little fishy... hmm.. how can you offer sushi/sashimi grade fish on AYCE?! Oh well, we were about to find out. This place I'd have to say, surprised me. I thought it would have been as horrific as an experience that I had at Oyshi, with their inedible, foul smelling fish! BUT, Hikari did not disappoint. I did notice, though, that their albacore was already seared, and a lot of their appetizer were pre-made, to come out really quickly, but I don't think it faltered on taste much. Here is a quick run down of the damage we did.Apps:Onion Soup - which I had 2 bowls of MYSELF. I love onions, what can I say?Miso Soup - not as tasty as some other places... I believe they may just mix the Miso paste with water without adding any kombu (which is extremely important with taste in Japanese soups and sauces!)Shrimp TempuraAgedashi Tofu - cute little bite-sized pieces, but too many in my opinion. alright taste.Frallops - I actually thought these were good, but they are a "filler" for AYCE.Baked Green Mussels - not bad.Screem inor Gazim - good size, and decent taste!Nigiri:Maguro -  OKGarlic Tuna - their garlic sauce was pretty tasty... BUT not the best!Hamachi - OKTai - OKSeared Albcore - pretty goodSeared Albacore w/ Garlic Sauce - pretty good.Super White Tuna - yum! Unagi - OKTako - OKIka w/ Salt & Lemon-squeeze - good, can't really go wrong with it that way.Hotate-gai - decent.Spicy Tuna Gunkan Style - good.most of the Nigiri left something to be desired, but I was just happy that it didn't smell like a sewer. We had multiple orders of it all!and we did try the half-order of the Hikari Express. Why not? It is their "signature" roll, as it has the restaurants' name on it, right? It was good, by default, because of the Super White atop the roll. I was a little saddened by the fact that ice cream wasn't included with AYCE, but it wasn't a big deal. Everything, I thought was tasty in its own way, different from my usual sushi spot (Sin City Sushi on EASTERN/SERENE) but, definitely wouldn't mind going back to this place if I'm on the West side.I added an extra star to my rating solely because of the awesome service the Sushi Chefs gave us! This was one night that I actually ate a lot more than my boyfriend, and I still had room for more! --GASP-- Because of the non-stop service and my plate never being empty, I applaud them  both for simply being able to keep up with the 2 of us hungry hippos. :)FOOD- 3SERVICE- 5
5	OK, i've eaten at plenty of sushi places and good one too, but usually it's never a all u can eat sushi buffet.  Hikari is the shit.  the sushi is high quality.  i went to vegas during labor day.  got to vegas at 12 am and check in and everything.  after that me and my friends hit up hikari and they were about to close at 1:30am.  even at the time, the sushi were still fresh and everything was made to order.  honestly everything i try was good.  but the best is the bake green mussel.  that shit literally melt in your mouth.  i dont know what else to say but that its one of the best sushi places that ive ever try.  i will definitely go back there when i visit vegas again.  i recommended to everyone and im a picky eater.
3	I have recently returned to Hikari but, this time my visit left me slightly disappointed.  While the service was attentive, the food quality has diminished.  It just didn't seem as fresh.  Bummer.  When I was leaving, a roach crossed my path on the cement sidewalk, yuck.  I know roaches are abundant in Vegas but, I prefer not seeing them at all!  Sorry Hikari, I don't know if I'll return since there's such an abundance of Japanese restaurants out there but, you can certainly try and convince me.
5	I recently went to Hikari's all you can eat sushi with 7 friends.  We absolutely love this place!  The oysters and fish were so fresh that we had ordered 24 oysters, and still I couldn't get enough of them!  Don't miss out on yummy rainbow rolls, kama, soft shell crabs, scallops, and caterpillar rolls.  My only minor criticism was the adegashi tofu, which was not as large as some other adegashi tofu that I had elsewhere.  But other than that, I can't wait to eat there next time I'm in Vegas again!  I had two other all you can eat sushi places in SoCal before (and it was not Todai), and Hikari was the best!
1	This review is my REAL experience at Hikari.  No exaggerations or BS and none needed.Hikari is an embarassment to Japanese businesses on the whole if they continue to practice customer discrimination.  I ordered from the kids menu for my 3 yo and the sushi AYCE for myself.  I specifically marked nigiri sushi on the order slip, but the Japanese waitress assumed I didn't know what I was ordering.  After scrutinizing the order like an IRS auditor, she apathetically repeated quite a few times "nigili -with lice...sashimi -no lice".  She went as far as almost warning "... you no eat the lice, we charge for waste".  Then she coldly muttered "no shaling" and walked away.  Again, assuming we didn't know the rules of AYCE.  After finishing my modest order of nigiris, I ordered a couple of salmon skin hand-rolls.  This time the waitress said "Hand loll, loll BIGGGGG, you not finish..."  OMG, she was assuming and discriminating again just 'coz I don't look like someone with a sumo wrestler's appetite.I would be lying if I said we enjoyed our meals.  The whole time we were eating, the waitress watched us like a cctv.  My 3 yo innocently reached over for one of the nigiris and she was over at our table quicker than a New York minute, sternly repeating the 'Golden Rule' of AYCE - "no shaling" and walked away.   I understand she was looking out for the business, but she was taking it a little too far without being discrete about it.  What do you want me to do, chastise my 3 yo over sushi ?I had ordered a total of 12 items from the AYCE menu over 3 separate times, but only received 9 items.  Is the establishment assuming that I cannot possibly finish my food ?Here's the kicker, when I asked for the check, the waitress handed me the bill stapled to AYCE order slips which weren't even mine, but the $$$ amount was correct.Btw, have I mentioned the quality of the food ?  It was definitely not worth the 5-mile trek west of The Strip.  At best, Hikari is just a neighborhood ma & pa place for locals, not a 'must try' destination for out-of-towners.  There are better sushi joints on The Strip.  The raw ostiones looked like they were on a diet.  Pathetic, shrunkened and undernourished morsels sitting in oversized half shells.  The raw fish on the nigiris tasted like they were pre-cut and not freshly sliced.  The salmon skins inside of the hand-roll were not crispy.  In fact, the roll looked like a  sheet of seaweed rolled into a cone which was exactly what it was 'coz the fillings certainly didn't leave any lasting impression.  The food from the kid's menu was salty & greasy.  Do they want the kids to die young OR are they assuming that kids don't know any better.I don't know how Hikari reviews get all the stars.  Just don't discriminate or play games with your customers and treat them with respect.
3	To be honest I was a bit inebriated while getting to this joint because I was pre-partying during the car ride from LA to LV... however that didn't stop me from eating. After 10pm "sexy ladies" eat at a discounted price, but really it's just girls in general. I know I would have rather rolled in my hot outfit, but I guess it was better to embarrass myself in a t-shirt and jeans instead of something I would have regretted spilling something on.However! I still enjoyed myself and most of the dishes were alright. Fresh oysters were pretty good, a little spicy but still satisfying. Sampled a few different sushi I don't remember what kinds... but it was ok! It's what you would expect from AYCE but a tad better... it's no premium sushi, but for what you get it's not bad at all.But yes, Vegas is known for the buffets and AYCE, so you can get your belly's worth of sushi here as well! :D
4	One of the top 3 AYCE (all-you-can-eat) sushi places (in my opinion) in the Las Vegas Area. Price is at about $25.95 per person (take note, auto 18% gratuity for i believe 4 or 5+ people parties). There is also no child price. Friendly staff and chefs. Restaurant is located in a decent area on the west side of Las VegasThere is the option to order a la carte as well for sushi as well as their teppenyaki menu. To get the full experience, try to get a seat at the sushi bar and watch the sushi chefs make your's and everyone elses order in front of you. Sometimes if you are lucky, the owner (short japanese man) will be working the bar. Quite the entertainment. This is the only (that i know of) AYCE sushi restaurant that serves sashimi as well [with no limits on amaebi (sweet shrimp) or uni (sea urchin)]. The have a wide variety of appetizers ranging from shrimp shu mai, seaweed salad, and miso soup to hamachi kama (grilled yellow tail neck). The hamachi kama is usually one of the things i always order here, usually fresh off the grill, nice and hot. They also have a wide variety of nigiri and rolls. For rolls, not as much as what some may have seen at other AYCE places like Sushi Mon or Yama Sushi but its a sufficient amount with choices ranging from like rainbow roll, spider roll, etc. Fish is usually fresh and fatty. On the health and safety issue, the fish is usually covered (some places around town do not even do this...)I usually order a combination of salmon, yellowtail, and tuna sashimi. For nigiri, the size/amount of rice used, is about average for most restaurants, not too much, not too less. Does not fall apart either. You can say this restaurant is more for "fish-lovers" over the non-traditional "roll-lovers" as it is based more on the fish than rolls. Though that is usually not a bad thing for smaller eaters like my mom. She loves to come to Hikari due to having the option of ordering sashimi vs nigiri that comes with rice which usually (should fill you up faster due to expanding rice in stomach). This restaurant is one of my family's favorite sushi restaurants (not only of those who live in Las Vegas, but as well as my cousins from Reno in northern Nevada, and Bay Area in northern Calfornia. Highly recommended restaurant to try if you are in the area. I wouldn't say this restaurant is not good for kids, but for the price and amount they can eat, i don't think its worth it too much? But i guess if the parent doesn't mind, it's fine.----------------------------------------------------------------Personal rating - about 7 out of 10
5	Located about a 10 minute drive west of the Strip. This AYCE sushi house is mercury poisoning waiting to happen. The unlimited selection of appetizers make this place worthy. Some highlights:-Unlimited sashimi!-Frallops (Breaded fried scallops)-Salmon skin salad-Fried spider crab-Oysters-Hand rolls with optional pink soy paper-Super white tuna - This is actually escolar, which is banned in Japan for making you go poo poo! It's buttery smooth. Order it spicy so it comes with Sriracha and a few slices of jalepeno on top.-Hot girls pay only $22.95 after 10PM (Next time I'll shave my legs and sport a miniskirt)Service is attentive, chefs are entertaining. Oh so good!
3	A Family outing... a rare occasion I would say, but my brother pulled another "rather spend time with some hoochie than Family." Don't want to get into details, but we were fed up from waiting for him to go eat and told him to just forget it. Sometimes I wish he would care more about his Family than some random girl that he barely even knows. Makes me really sad that he treats us like this.. sorry guys.. I know this is a review.So I took my parents to Hikari for AYCE. They LOVE Sashimi... I love fried food.. I know it's bad, but I like it so.. Here's what I ordered:Seaweed Salad (2x) - the first one was light, tasty, and fresh.. second time around it was way too salty and overly sauced.Cucumber Salad - half moon size cuts, crisp juicy crunch... it was... ok.Salmon Skin Salad - Drowned in real tangy, vinegar dressing... made my tongue numb! There were bits of salmon meat Not skin that were hard as a rock, almost like bones... be careful in eating this... you can chip off your tooth if you're not watching your bite. However, there were pieces of Salmon Skin that were a light bite like potato chips... that was only a few.Fresh Oysters - My Mother loved this and ate about 8 of them!!! And even had one more for dessert! Yikes! I had one but that sucker was huge and I had to really break it down to swallow it. I prefer those thin slimy kinds you just slide in your mouth and swallow... this was like WTHeck thick. My Parents loved it... me on the other hand passed on ordering more.Tempura Combo - I had the whole thing.... the shrimp was ok... carrot, zucchini, onion, mushroom.. were nothing spectacular. The crunchy coating didn't have any flavor to it... disappointed.Baked Green Mussel - they cut the mussel in half, so you don't eat the whole piece... it was watery, mayonnaise was so sour, and it just tasted off.Dynamite - Again mayonnaise was too tangy and too much. I couldn't taste anything, but the sourness. The bites of seafood were hard to chew like leather... not edible and had to take it out of my mouth a few times. Don't order it.Kama - My Father ate the whole thing... said it was tender and flavorful.Fried Rice (Shrimp) - I finished the whole dish. It was very delicious and almost ordered a second round, but wanted to try other dishes. Good choice if you like fried rice.Hamachi (Yellow Tail) - My Mother enjoyed this very much and ordered it again.Hotate (Scallop) - Very fresh and a beautiful white coloring... gleaming with perfection. It was satisfying and good!!! Probably the only thing I liked besides the fried rice at this place.Ama Ebi ( Shrimp) - we all ate a few... it was cute and yummy.Tuna Roll - Had no flavor, looked bad.. almost like a grayish color. My Mother only had one and said it was terrible. Shoot, it looked terrible. Had to hide the other five under another dish. Don't order it... you'll thank me.Caterpillar Roll - Nice presentation, but didn't really "taste" the roll. Didn't work for me.Miso Soup - it was soothing and steamy hot. Good start to this meal.Ended with Green Tea and Red Bean Mochi for dessert ($2), which isn't included in the AYCE deal ($27) The dessert was good... I liked the green tea more since it tasted fresh versus the red bean that tasted and looked kinda old.The iced green tea was refreshing and the servers were very attentive in clearing our plates when we were done. The Sushi Chefs were all busy with requests and orders, but asked us from time to time if we were okay or wanted anything else. One chef with glasses seem to have a real cocky attitude, but maybe coz my face was all scabbed up and he didn't want to be nice to me... whatever. Other than that, I would say it's a "decent" place for AYCE but it will be one of those this dish was good and that dish was bad. It's not really consistent in having all their food being delicious and well cooked. Would I go here again?!?! Only if I have to.
4	Parking: There's plenty of spots in the plaza.Food: Outstanding! For $30, its AYCE.  You can get hand rolls, special rolls, sushi, sashimi, appetizers, etc.  i couldn't believe it!!  I only ate sashimi, no sushi at all.  The service is great, fast and speedy.  Recommendations: i would recommend coming early or you'll have to wait for the sushi bar.  Must get items are:Softshell crap (yes, as many as you can eat)Superwhite fish (i have no idea what fish this is, but its good)Salmon sashimiUni sashimiSeaweed saladOysters (come by the 1/2 dozen, dont order to many if you can't finish)cucumber saladIkura (ask if they can put the Uni on top of the Ikura or bottom, so good!)EelJust look through the glass, you can tell if the fish is fresh or not.Since we were served really fast, we were in an out in 1hr and back on the strip to gamble.  Good luck to you yelpers out there.  please try this place!!!
5	Best AYCE sushi in Vegas.  Super Fresh fish.  Mr. KC, the owner, cuts the fish nice And big for your nigiri.  Delicious.  Open at least till 1.
1	More than party of 4 are force to pay 18% tips! Not that I am too cheap to pay for it, is I felt the food was not fresh, felt sick after we ate, service was terrible, no matter how many times we ask them to take the order. They never stay long enough to actually finish take your order. We have to order more than 8 times to finish our first decision of ordering 2 sashimi combo, 5 different type sushi order, and 4 appetizers. Please don't go, it is waste of time, waste of money and it affect your health.  And most important: u will spend a quality time in bathroom typing a review on yelp. It is only 4 hours after we ate there and I already spend an hour in and out of the bathroom.  Alright, is enough of that. Please go if u want to want to experience what I did. Good luck!
4	A sushi AYCE treasure 5 miles off the strip. Decent quality fish, good service, reasonable price, and a great selection compared to other sushi AYCE places.Living in the OC area for 4 years, there are tons of AYCE sushi places and I have visited many of them. Hikari compares and ranks among the best places found in the OC.First off, most places don't offer unlimited fresh oysters, uni, and fried soft shell crabs. Most places are very stingy with these items, but the sushi chef allowed us to order the oysters by the dozens, mounded the uni on the sushi, and gave us 4 freshly fried crabs. The oysters were seasoned with ponzu and Japanese sweet mayo. The uni was sweet and creamy (bad uni tastes and smells like dead fish ass). The soft shell crabs were very succulent, each bite contained chunks of salty meat and creamy guts. Nom.Their fish selections were pretty good. They even offer amaebi (sweet shrimp) raw which is always good. Most places charge $7.50 a plate for it and this place hands them out like candy! The ono (white fish) is also worth mentioning, it had a very creamy and savory white flesh (be sure to get it seared with a blow torch, it releases the fats and allows for a more melting bite, without it the ono will be very tough and chewy). Careful with the ono too, it's a oily fish so don't ingest TOO much of it (oily in oily out if you catch my drift).Anyways, I always make a effort to come here everytime i'm in Vegas. I just came back from the Holiday season and my advice is NEVER to go here during big holidays. The place gets packed and they run out of most of the popular stuff like the oysters and uni.
4	are you kidding me? $30 for all you can eat japanese food?! i dont see any other awesome places like this in LA!! order anything you want and its all you can eat!! the chef was nice and friendly, no matter how much you order they give them to you, just dont waste food there! lol
5	I never give 5 stars here, but Hikari can take my first 5 stars. I was here on 12/24. This is my first time being Hikari.Here is a little pricy but worth it. If you like sashimi but not the rice, Hikari is the one who offer all you can eat sashimi. If you like rice, of course, you can order sushi. All sashimi is very fresh here ! Food highlight: Fresh oyster (once order then they open them in fresh! Also, they are really big, not the one you find in the resort buffet on Strip. However, you need to be there earlier, once they have been gone then is gone, no more.), Uni (also fresh open), sweet shrimp, scallops, any sashimi, salad. The manager is very nice. Here is must go place when you go to Las Vegas. Forget any other resort Japanese food!
1	AYCE was nastySushi was not fresh, staff wasnt friendly at all. They kept missing our order because the girl thinks she can memorize an order for 5 people. Everytime she takes our order, she would run off halfway and not take our remaning order.,This place is also dirty!!!! We were sat by dirty dish trays and the restroom!! Sushi mon is way better!!! At least you have a paper to mark what you want so the waiter doesnt walk off on you halfway taking the order. Sushi mon also have much more variety and a desert menu!!!We were forced to pay 18% gratuity because our party had 5 people. I didn't want to pay this amount at all with their horrible service!NEVER COMING BACK!!
4	I've been coming here for the past few years and it's still one of my favorites.Hikari is one of the best AYCE places in Las Vegas for sushi.  While the actual list of items on their AYCE may not initially seem like a lot, I dare you to work your way down the list.  Unlike many other sushi bars that offer AYCE deals, Hikari has both Uni and Oysters on it's AYCE list.  Also, sashimi is offered as part of the AYCE which is almost NEVER available.My best suggestion is to sit at the sushi bar as the service is quicker and you can get to know the staff.  They'll try to help guide you along if you're not an experienced sushi eater.  Just ask! :)
3	3 stars may be a bit generous....but I give it 3 stars for service. My friend had to keep pouring his own green tea since we were sitting next to one of the drink stations and there was lack of drink service. He would wait for 15 -20 minutes and then pour it himself. 2 stars for the food. They are definitely quick and efficient, but it's because most of the things are already premade....or precracked. We asked for oysters and it came out 5 seconds later, because it was just sitting there at the bar. I thought it was nice that they had a sashimi option, but the tuna was a bit too fishy and the sweet shrimp....was definitely not sweet shrimp. I was a bit lost for words with the sweet shrimp. Overall, I was not impressed and I won't say that it was this place that gave me a horrible stomachache a couple hours later that lasted for 48 hours, but I probably won't be back.
5	Had to come back here for my New Years trip. Service is just exceptional here! The chefs and waitresses are attentive and fast! My friend was also highly impressed by this place. The chefs are funny!I LOVE the Hikari Express (California roll wrapped with super white tuna, tempura flakes, smelt roe, green onion, and garlic sauce). That is such a fantastic roll!
5	This is absolutely the best AYCE sushi joint I've ever been to. $26.95/person. AWESOMEEEE
5	This place is amazing...I have never had as good of service in ANY restaurant as i have had at Hikari.And on top of that this is the best service on AYCE food! The servers are just amazing.They dont try to push us to eat extra rice, how good is that? I order salmon sushi and she asks if we want it with rice or no rice... Name 1 other AYCE sushi place that is like this.The food was very fresh. The speed that the food came out in is just amazing! You may think that the food is sitting there, but its really that the cooks are just that fast...I will make sure to come here whenever i visit vegas.BTW, the fried rice is amazing... and so is the soft shell crab.
3	We decided to drop by as a party of 7 people to try out this all you can eat sushi place. It was an all you can eat sushi place and bbq? place. I don't know but we were seated pretty weirdly. The place was pretty legit I guess because they was a lot of items you could of order from the list and I did like that fact. It was actually a lot fresher than I expected. To be honest, the thing I like the most was the blue shell crab? i think that what it was called but it was basically where the crab is fried and I liked it a lot. The sashimi was pretty legit but then I feel like as time goes by...meaning the more we order the less fresh it gets. I would probably give this place a 2.5 if i had the choice. I THINK its worth trying so check this place out if you are in vegas.
3	I really wanted to love this place since I was told it's AYCE sushi & Japanese food & was highly recommended by several peeps. First thing that turned me off was the hand-written sign "NO UNI TODAY". Boo!!!! Other bad news, no Ikura, then no oysters. All my FAVE favorites OUT, 3 strikes.The positives: You can order sashimi! This is my first AYCE where they don't try to fill you up on the rice.  The hamachi slices are thick & fatty!  Usually I don't order poke at a sushi bar but my cousin ordered & oh my! It's marinated in a vinegar based sauce & it was a definitely a hit with me!  Overall the food was delish and the service was excellent. I think our sushi chef has the best ears in town...or ears behind his head ;)
4	I ate here for the first time in December 2010, and it was by far the best meal (AYCE or not) I had during the 7 days I was in LV for vacation.Although the wait was pretty long, they had already ran out of a few items for the day and the waitress didn't walk by very often, the experience was unforgettable.  The sushi chefs are entertaining and attentive.  There's also a TV mounted on the wall, which makes someone like me (who pretty much gets bored / impatient just eating during meals) a happy clam.I tried everything I wanted to try on the menu, and I liked everything.  The portions were a good size, the waiting time for orders was few and far between, and the seating arrangement wasn't stuffy/cramped.I'm heading back to LV in March and am looking forward to revisiting Hikari =)
5	If your ever in Vegas...this is the place to go for sushi...or steak and lobster....amazing food and good service great atmosphere...if u live there and u haven't been your missing out.....
1	Will never go back I have see 2 roaches near the sushi bar and one crawling near my plate!! Great staff. Needs to fix the bug problem!!!
2	The wait was ridiculously long and interiors were dirty.  Most of the food we ordered never came out but they kept asking us if we wanted their dynamite.  I don't understand why so many people were raving about it or maybe it was just that one time on Christmas Eve....?
4	Adding another .5 Stars, they now offer sashimi on all their fish instead of filling you up with the rice in nigiri like other AYCE sushi places.Awesome.Minor Gripe: The hot sauce they use on the oysters totally overpowers the oyster flavor. Oh well it's all you can eat.
1	This place was pretty bad from the service to the food. I was quite disappointed. Hair in my wasabi was my first course. When I showed my waitress here reaction was like, so what.  She inspected it first before bring in me another serving of wasabi as if I was crazy. Gross. Sashimi was cut very poorly, Some pieces were in shreds, more blood line than meat. Bone in my sashimi? My wife spit out her scallop and almost burst into tears cause she chose the spot. Everything is covered in siracha. Sushi rice was very plain and excessive. The rolls were loose. Fish quality was barely edible. The menu is small for all you can eat sushi. Which left me searching for something that was palatable. We ordered a tempura dish the waitress dropped a piece of shrimp and did'nt even bring me another piece. I was so turned off I had to bite my tongue though out the whole meal cause I was so embarrassed that I had brought my guess here. Now when you have to apologize to your company for bringing them to a poor establishment it's pretty bad. I was desperately searching for something good to say about this place but im at a loss for words. The green tea was good. But everything else is like they try hard to show how poor sushi can get if not done properly. First time ever I left a sushi restaurant still hungry. To top it off the add 18% gratuity to parties of four WTF. No wonder the service was so poor. Just reflecting back on this. I can't believe I actually paid for such a poor experience. We should have just left at the HAIR in my wasabi.
5	I had excellent sashimi and loved everything I had ,service was lightning quick ,not sure where all these haters ate but it was not where I was . The roll options were less then other places but felt the variety of offerings more then offset that.
5	Ok honestly tell me a sushi bar somewhere that offers ANY type of fish on their menu as sashimi.  This place encourages it.  I've been here many times and although their menu is a bit smaller then most places, they will still make you anything you want and even their uni and sweet shrimp is unlimited.  Hikari is only open for dinner and they stay open late til 2 a.m. and they always have a crowd.  Service is definitely friendly and food is always fast.  I know what you're thinking though, with some places fast means their food is pre made. That's definitely not the case here.  I think the only thing that MIGHT be prepped ahead of time is their oysters on the half shell.  I'm definitely not worried about anything not being fresh because this place always get a good crowd and fish is definitely not just sitting around in the fridge.  What's even more incredible is their sashimi and nigiri.  I ordered some super white and seared tuna and a nice thin slice is always expected but not this time.  I think it measured 2 full inches in length and the thickness was incredible.  The fish on 2 pieces of nigiri was equal to almost 4 or 5 pieces based on the thickness and yet the rice was still just the normal small ball that you'd expect.  They definitely don't cheat you on any fish and when you order any of their rolls, they are normal size rolls and not overstuffed with fish or rice. It's very well balanced.  If I want a large piece of fish, I'd rather have it as nigiri or sashimi.  Their onion soup is also very good and has a slight peppery taste to it.  Their to go menu is also very good and I've ordered several times.Unfortunately they don't offer a stamp card or half rolls but who the hell cares, unlimited sashimi definitely makes up for it. If you've ever been here, the most interesting thing is the owner.  He DEFINITELY takes pride in his business and is always behind the bar makin sushi, or over at the hibachi table grilling for other guests.  You won't see that anywhere else.  He definitely takes care of his guests.
5	I enjoy this sushi house each and every time I make it over.  My favorite is to always order "the white fish with a thin slice of jalapeno and dot of saracha" and they do it right every time.  The oysters always taste fresh and the dynamite always explosive with flavor!  It's a plus that the staff is friendly and a very accommodating bunch as well.
4	Hands down the best All-you-can-eat sushi bar in Vegas. It's about 5-10 minutes away from the Strip located in a quiet plaza. Don't let the exterior fool you. This place serves fresh seafood and the price is reasonable. It might not look like a sushi bar when you walk in because the sushi bar is hidden behind the teppanyaki section. And the sushi bar can only sit 15 people (perhaps?) so you might need to wait for a bit. Good thing is they open till 2 am! We loved everything they served and can't wait to go back again!
5	went with a party of 10, food was delicious.  raw oysters were fresher than the ones they serve at the rio seafood buffet, and the screaming orgasm was delicious.  definitely coming back the next time i'm in vegas
4	I was happily surprised with this restaurant.  On our most recent trip to Vegas, my cousin suggested that we try this restaurant which was recommended to him by his friend.  Despite the warning about the long wait, we got seated right away (on a Friday night!).  We ordered the all you can eat sushi/sashimi.  Good thing about this place is the variety of sushi they provided.  They even had Uni (sea urchin egg) and oyster on a half shell that you can eat until your heart's content.  My favorite was the "super white tuna" with spicy jalapeno.  The other good thing about this restaurant was the fact that you can order sashimi without the rice.  They give you pretty generous portions.  Two negatives...1)  although the fish served are fresh, they are not the best quality that you find at finer sushi restaurants.  2)  they put out the dishes so quickly that you get full very rapidly...perhaps that's the idea.  Anyways, I would definitely go again next time I'm in Vegas.
1	This was a no-brainer. We were all thoroughly disappointed with the food and service here. We were excited to check this place out after our 5-star experience at Sushi Twister. The AYCE menu here was appetizing at first, but when the food actually arrived to our table, it was absolutely horrifying. The fish quality was way below par, the presentation was unacceptable, and the flavors were terribly lacking. Many reviewers pointed out that this AYCE joint offers sashimi in addition to just nigiri or rolls. Well if you want the junk parts of the fish butchered by a 5-year old then by all means, go for it. I'm not exaggerating...the mixed sashimi plate consisted of various fish ends with holes in them. I could not believe that someone would expect me to eat that. And unfortunately everything else was just as gross. Even the rolls were off-putting. Mushy sushi rice and Sriracha sauce everywhere. The only edible item was the agedashi tofu from the kitchen, which is mostly what we ended up eating to cleanse our palates.The waitresses were completely oblivious and rarely came around to check on us. The bill included a 18% tip for our party of four, which I actually felt should've been payed to us for enduring such hardship. Well, this was our first, and last time here.
5	if you want SPEEDY service this is the place to go to! the sushi chiefs are a delight, super funny and get your order out way before you're done ordering! i was soo shocked to receive such great service at such a small restaurant. they also offer teppanyaki. SASHIMI is offered in their ALL YOU CAN EAT menu but not ice cream ;( and "PRETTY LADIES" are $5 off when seated after 10pm! i loved their cajun albacore sashimi, chicken fried rice & bonzai roll.
3	3 1/2 starsThis place is great for AYCE sushi because after 10pm ladies get AYCE for only $22.  KC is the owner/sushi chef.  He is super friendly and will make ANYTHING for you.  The menu doesn't list copious amounts of rolls like other places but just ask and KC will whip it up for you.Fish is fresh. KC will flat out tell you if he's out of something because it wasn't fresh.They have a nice list of flavored sakes, hot or cold.  They are open until 2am.The rice is not great. The rolls and nigiri sushi fall apart in your soy sauce.Regardless, I'm a regular for the late night, reasonably priced, and friendly sushi binge.
5	Skip the lines and the overpriced buffets at those Vegas hotels, and just come to HIKARI just a few minutes from the strip.They have 2 choices here:  - Charge per order; or- All You Can EatSeriously... Now, the GREAT NEWS.  It's AYCE Sashimi and other stuff on the menu for less than $27... Oh yea.. I am totally down... - Sashimi: Salmon, Tuna, Yellowtail, Uni, Sweet Shrimp (Super small ones) and many more- Raw Oyster on the half shell- Sushi Rolls- Cooked stuff such as Dynamite and Yellowtail CollarLong story short: I am pretty sure I ate my $27 worth.  I probably ate more than 3 dozen raw oysters by myself and 30 something sweet shrimp plus many more.  I don't think the waitress ever saw anyone stuffing their face that much.  Hahah.NOTE: Fish quality is not awesome, but my tummy didn't have a problem with it.  I personally think it's a great deal for the money you are spending.  You should definitely try this place if you are a sashimi lover!
5	THE BEST AYCE sushi in Vegas! For 26.95 you CANNOT go wrong. I was taken here by my friend who goes here every time he is in Vegas; and now I see why. I was a little confused when I first got seated because there was no conveyer belt or large sushi counter in sight; how could this be an AYCE sushi place without a central sushi counter I wondered? The restaurant is setup like a Benihana with seats around a grill and a small sushi bar. We were seated at the tables, and I believe the tables hold about 6-8 people on each side. The waitresses were extremely patient with our party especially since they had to come back and forth at least 10 times! The menu looked like a traditional restaurant sushi menu with the different rolls and sushi with the prices, so it was easy to keep track of the financial damage you were avoiding.  I personally went to town on the Sashimi Combo plate and the Hamachi sushi because I could eat sashimi by itself and be happy. The Sashimi Combo plate had about 12 total pieces of Tuna, Yellow Tail, Salmon, and Red Snapper. Each piece of fish was extremely fresh and melted in my mouth; this was where the real quality sashimi was. The Hamachi sushi was served in pairs and like the Sashimi Combo was extremely fresh. I did not get into any of their house rolls, but they had the common house rolls Spicy Tuna, Philadelphia, Crunchy, etc. The poke was also included in the AYCE menu and had enormous amounts of flavor! There was a nice kick to this dish, and I found myself ordering this more than once. For dessert was NOT included in the AYCE menu, but it was a great cap to this epic meal, they had green tea, mango, and lychee sorbets for $2.50 (but don't quote me on the price). The lychee sorbet was one of the BEST sorbets I have ever had! Hikari has the best quality fish I have ever had in Vegas, and for the price, Hikari trumps everything else I've ever had in Vegas. I highly recommend that you try Hikari the next time you are in Vegas; the high quality fish and fresh fish for a great price is well worth your time. Hikari has a special "Good looking ladies $22.50 after 10pm"! - sweet!
4	I have been to this place twice, and each time I go in feeling maybe it wont be as good as everyone tells me. But for some reason I always leave satisfied. The setup in the beginning is you could choose Sushi or Teppanyaki food. If Sushi you get to choose between AYCE or just ordering off the menu. The first time coming here I came with parents and they just devoured oysters, uni, shrimp tempura, and salmon sashimi. All i remember from that meal is that this place was a great deal. Now a year removed I visited on Sunday and decided to do my best to try most of the menu.I go in and am greeted by the same hostess from last time (I remember because she was cute) and we were brought to the sushi bar for the AYCE session. Sit down with Duke C. (brought him along since i've been raving about this place to him over a year now) We order a few items off the menu and in about 10 seconds its in our face. I was in disbelief how fast the food came out (literally not 10 seconds but like 1 minute fast)The food was great. Sashimi looks fresh and tasted great (was a little cold.. guessing was frozen but couldnt really tell because freshness was there) I dont know how to explain the fact that it is good food at a great price. Where else can you get sashimi at an AYCE place? The sushi chef was helpful/friendly and was always checking up on us. We always had food at our table, in the end i threw in the towel way early because I knew I still had to drive home that night. Will not hesistate to go again (which most likely will be this weekend :) )Just check the pictures for those in doubt. I give this place a 4.5 stars because I can see where people would not want to give it a 5, but this place is making a very very strong run for 5 stars. Good service and Great food, with awesome atmosphere. (Girls dont forget their Hot Girl Special after 10pm lol)
2	Customer service was alright & the price for all-you-can-eat sushi isn't really worth it.
5	sashimi lover's heaven with sweet shrimp!  its "made to order" buffet ! awesome!UNI SASHIMI!!!  sweet shrimp sashimi! oysters , super fresh salmon sashimimust try kamakazi!  excellent! best i've had.  they brought it out with fire still on top.
4	To be honest, I'm sick of the buffets in Vegas. Except for the recent addition of Wicked Spoon in Cosmopolitan, buffets... just aren't that fun anymore. It's always the same items. However, Leonard W knew of an AYCE Japanese spot about 5 miles away from the strip so before we left Vegas, decided to check out Hikari for some $27 AYCE!The place is quite small and most of the people are local but we were able to get a seat at the sushi bar, which really is the place to sit.  You can order whenever you want and the chefs work super fast to bring your order out.Decided to order the following items:+ Salmon skin salad - the dressing was sorta like... a sweet teriyaki dressing. LOTS of salmon skin.+ Sashimi sampler - came with tuna, salmon and hamachi sashimi.  Good combo!+ Fried soft shell crab - whole pieces of fried crab. Yum :]+ Japanese style oysters - oysters with a little of tabasco and some vinegar.  Some people ordered by the plates. Ridiculous.+ Negi hama - very simple roll with hamachi and green onion. The only roll we ordered, since we wanted to focus on the items that were worth more!+ Hama kama - yellowtail fish collar. As many as you want!+ Unagi nigiri - soliddddd! I think I ate 2 orders just by myself haha.+ Shrimp tempura - ONLY shrimp. Hikari is awesome.+ Shrimp fried rice - nicely done, with the rice fluffly.+ Uni sushi - still learning to love it but... for the uni lovers, NO LIMIT on how many you can have!+ Frallops - nice crunch and could probably do without the aioli and eat it with katsu sauce instead, but man, fried scallop may just be my new seafood obsession.Also, rather than order sushi, nigiri, or the sashimi sampler you can order sashimi only!  We got salmon, tuna, fatty white tuna, seared albacore, and hamachi.  Yes, it was probably frozen but still, it's quite fresh for an AYCE spot and they are not shy with the portion!  Ladies, go after 10p and you can get the "hot girl" discount!Hikari is definitely a great find and I'm still amazed how you can just order whatever you want and they won't even raise a fuss. The service was great too, and the people working at the restaurant are actually Japanese, so that's always a plus. Can't wait to go back!
2	My friend recommended this place because you can have sashimi for AYCE, which is quite unusual for an AYCE sushi place.The service was quick, I don't know if it was because we were sitting at the bar. I love how I get to eat sweet shrimp for as much as I want, but other than that... the sashimi wasn't great at all. It's not fresh and the tuna wasn't edible, it was just plain gross.If you want AYCE, I don't recommend you trying this place. Go somewhere else.
5	ALL YOU CAN EAT!!!!Are you kidding me sashimi, fresh oysters (not that baked buttery crap), unlimited UNI?!, everything your heart desires...for only $27?!?! Honestly, pretty damn good, sit at the sushi bar if you can, faster service order right from the chef....they don't give u a BS amount of rice and they are very nice.Late night they give like $5 off "hot ladies" but they give it to all women...cause everyone is beautiful! haha...Anyway check it out, its about 15 min off the strip but well worth the drive!
5	This is my favorite All You Can Eat sushi place - and I have tried many in my lifetime.All You Can Eat extends to many parts that usually aren't part of the mix (as seen in our order - all part of the AYCE menu sans the alcohol)-Salmon sashimi (no rice filling!)-Yellowtail sashimi-Super white tuna (traditional and spicy)-Sweet shrimp sashimi (whoa...)-Uni sushi (figured I would need the rice this time)-Kama (the grilled fish jaw - yes, on the AYCE menu)-Fresh oysters-Soft shell crab-Baked mussels-Miso soup-Saporro and Large Hot Sake (6 shots worth) : not AYCD...Hats off to the Uni sushi, soft-shell crab, and the yellowtail sashimi. The uni was incredible, the soft-shell crab comes out fresh off the fryer - so good, and the yellowtail was like eating delicious fish butter. The kama was a great surprise and the oysters were great too - though next time I will ask not to add any sauce.$27 - per person.$22-23 for pretty ladies after 10 pm. (that's what the place says - pretty)Lot parking. Tucked in a quiet corner plaza near a Walgreens. All the way down Flamingo and Buffalo. 15 min from the Strip. So worth it.
5	OMG SO GOOD! Get the all-you-can-eat sushi! Unlike most places, they will give you all you can eat SASHIMI (fish WITHOUT the rice), which is unusual because AYCE places usually want you to fill up on rice--not this place! Sit at the sushi bar and the chefs are really cool! Oh and if you are a "good looking lady" and you go in after midnight, you get a discount. Can't remember how much, but still kind of funny.
5	Omg what a steal! If you have a car while in Vegas, love AYCE Japanese, love a value meal, then this is the place to go! Yes, those Vegas buffets are fantastic. I mean I love my share of prime rib, roasted bone marrow, king crab legs, and the whole lot, but really Hikari was fantastic. I've never been to an AYCE Japanese sushi bar that has this type of selection and quality. The only bad thing about this review is that it might actually convince more people to try it which means longer wait times for me. But I can't contain my excitement! They have an entire menu a la carte, but you can order anything off that menu (not just the sushi and nigiri) for the price of $26.95pp! Considering the variety of items - not just the standard Japanese fare you see in other AYCE restaurants - that is a great, great deal. We ordered:- Sashimi combo (had hamachi, tuna, salmon sashimi. The tuna looked like it had quite a few tendons but the rest looked rather fresh and fatty)- Fresh oysters with Japanese mignette (the oysters, though small and perhaps a little shriveled, was surprisingly delicious and fresh! The sauce made it better and gave it a kick, a great accompaniment to the richness of the oyster meat)- Hamachi Kama (you can also choose to have the salmon kama or collar, but the hamachi kama was really great. It was freshly roasted, the meat was succulent and juicy, great flavor - don't forget to ask for a lemon! It really helps bring out the best flavors)- Rainbow roll (I know, what was I thinking with the rice? Yes, it had rice so I wouldn't recommend getting the rolls but the flavor was rather good for AYCE!)- White Tuna sashimi (Tasted a bit frozen but still had that fatty flavor)- Hamachi sashimi (Fresh and delicious)- Sweet shrimp sashimi (This seems to be a rare find and is great! Just as good as the ones I ate in Japan. One plate of this sashimi was served with about 10-15 shrimp, has texture and yet somehow melts in your mouth fantastic)- Baked green mussels (Surprisingly unique in texture and freshness)- Dynamite (This was probably the more disappointing of all the dishes. Has mayo, some imitation seafood, and veggies baked in and it took a while to make)- Uni sushi (Each order comes in 2 and this cannot be served as sashimi, but this was the BEST dish of the night by far considering it's AYCE. It was fresh, rich, luxurious, just perfect. The only thing that could have been improved upon would be the seaweed paper, it was chewy)- Shrimp & Veggie Tempura (freshly fried to perfection)- Fried Tofu (well fried, good sauce, though if you're not that big a fan, it's something you can skip unless you just want something hot)- Seaweed Salad (pretty norm)- Fried soft shell crab (Really well made - perfectly fried with all the great fried crunchy pieces and the soft melty innards and crab meat on the inside)That's all I can remember before I jump into my car and start driving out to Vegas again for a second round.Notes:You can order off most items off the nigiri menu and ask for it to be served as sashimi - they'll add more to your order and take out the rice!Take it slow. We made the mistake of being overly hungry and ordering a crapload of stuff up front, definitely enjoy the experience and take it slow. The chefs are fantastic and friendly and it's definitely worth the extra few moments you spend at the sushi bar.Dessert is not included but isn't overpriced - a couple scoops of ice cream was $2.50.
3	I went there a few nights ago when I was very hungry. I got the all you can eat option. It was good for the most part with a few exceptions. First the owner Hiro was making the sushi and he was ok. And the service was kind of not to my liking. When I got my sushi he just puts it down like and doesn't say a world. The server only came around once every 20 minutes. As far as the food the apps was very good with the exception of the poke salad. Me being from Hawaii I know poke salads and this was not good. It only tasted like sriracha. After eating it no matter what I ate everything tasted like sriracha. The super white tuna was not fresh at all. Sorry but I could not eat that. Other than that it was good.
3	I'll get straight to the point.  I was underwhelmed.Other than the uni and softshell crab, all else is fairly average.But then again those two things were pretty darn good/important. (hence still 3 stars)Freshness only 7/10.  did not want to finish the raw oysters.  and I LOVE oysters.  with all the food options in vegas, probably will not return.
5	This restaurant is located 15 minutes off the Strip, but it is very much worth the drive. The all you can eat sushi buffet is $27, but for "good-looking ladies" the costs is only $22. It's a small sushi bar, so it might be a good idea to make reservations. Once seated, our group was greeted by an eccentric chef who spoke in a comical Japanese accent.  We started to yell out, "salmon sashimi", "three dozen oysters", "caterpillar roll", "softshell crab", "uni". Within a few minutes, all the dishes were on the counter and ready for consumption. The quality of all the fish is extremely fresh and the portions are very generous. Unlike other sushi bars, the chef asks if you want sushi or sashimi so that you won't fill up on the rice. I was easily able to eat my money's worth with all the oysters and uni. Everything about the all you can eat was outstanding. My only concern with the restaurant was that there were some roaches OUTSIDE in the strip mall. I didn't see any in the restaurant and the sushi bar felt really clean, but just wanted to give fair warning.
4	A very late Friday night dinner to celebrate our first night in Vegas. The discount for "sexy ladies" after 10 is only for $4 off but I guess it's better than nothing. One guy in our group even considered donning a dress for the discount. =p I don't like stuffing myself so late at night, but when in Rome... ugh barfatorium j/k.  Sin City Hikari knows how to satisfy the sushi gluttons.This place gets 4 stars only because of the slow speed that dishes were coming out. The server was very nice and tried her best to help us out by loading our orders up. Maybe it would have helped if we sat at the bar? Our party had seven people not sure if we could have relocated halfway through. When we got there around 12 am there were three other groups present. By the time we left we were the last ones and they were doing last call for our group, I think everyone was tired chef included at the rate our orders were coming out. =(The extensive menu had a lot of items included in the AYCE that I did not see elsewhere. The uni was worth it, I think our group had about 20 orders of that alone! O_O At all the other sushi places I have visited uni is separate form the AYCE menu. I stayed away from the soft shell crab due to allergies, but our group seemed to love that. The mussels were also a hit, great savory flavor and wasn't totally slathered in mayo. The sushi was average quality and okay freshness, I also noticed that the second round of uni ordered was not as fresh as the first. =( The texture of some of the cuts of fish was odd, they way it was thawed or frozen messed with it. It wasn't like this for all the fish, but enough to make a mention of it here. I don't know if its the sauce or seasoning on the rolls. I felt really thirsty and was guzzling down water. I didn't use much soy sauce and even used the low sodium one, but it's one thing that could be changed. My group and I couldn't finish the miso and onion soup due to saltiness. I tried watering it down to an acceptable level with the water I was provided and found that I had to put practically an equal portion of water to make it palatable. Our group suspects that it's just been reducing to it's salty level, but perhaps a more cynical explanation. Get customers to fill up on water and save on $$$?  o_0Our group got it's money's worth in sushi from this place. Be prepared to not just test the limit of your belly but patience too.
1	This is the worst service I have received in all Las Vegas restaurants. The server walked away in the middle of taking food order. Initially, she refused to take food order and ask us to share food with others whom we met for the first time!!  She refused to give us check instead she asked the us to finished all the food.   It was the worst experience.  The bathroom was extremely filthy. Vomit and booboo gaga all over the place.  I would give a -5/5 rating if given the option.
5	Outrageously fast service, animated sushi chef, super fresh AYCE, all for $22 if you're a "good looking lady". $27 otherwise.
5	Only in Vegas can you get quality AYCE sushi for under $30!  What separates this place from the other AYCE places such as Sushi-mon, Sushi on Rainbow, etc, is that you can order sashimi!  Unlimited maguro/hamachi/etc without the unnecessary rice in your belly!  However, this did not really prevent me from stuffing myself to the point of no return...Loved the uni (got 8 orders for myself) as it melted in my mouth.  Want quail egg on it?  Yes, just ask for it!  The soft shell crab was also very tasty and is a must try.  I also enjoyed the hamachi kama.  If I went again, I would not order any of the rolls since they seemed to contain a lot of rice.Truthfully I was a little disappointed that they did not offer otoro (i.e. Sushi-mon), but the cute and attentive waitresses made up for it.  They were not that busy when I went so service was very fast (waitress took individual orders for all four of us).  Refills on drinks were good!
4	Unconventional!! Thats the word I give this place. One crazy evening, my fiancee crave for some hibachi style cooking. Instead of driving all the way to Benihana in Hilton, I figure why not eat somewhere near home. So we stop at Hikari.  I am only reviewing the hibachi  thats what we ate. We were greeted right away and the server took our order almost right away. The chef then proceeded to come out and start cooking.A very nice and talented chef, a cambodian chef named Henry who seems to be able to cook a good food and give a great show. He dont even need to flip spatulas cos he flip knifes. Proceeded to do the volcanos, the shrimp tail goes to the hat and all the regular stuff. Food are great and a lot. You get miso soup, salad, then shrimp appetisers with all the combo. GOOD FRIED RICE. Very very fun chef. The only reason I give it minus one star because of the ambiance. Its like eating at a clinic instead of a nice japanese restaurant with dark ambiance. Maybe its just me, next time we shall try the AYCE.
4	This place is awesome. I was in Vegas recently on a business trip and ran into an old friend from high school. He suggested this place having been there many times before. All you can eat sushi for $26 and that includes anything and everything on the menu from the fab spider and dragon rolls to the fresh sashimi. The squid, scallops and shrimp were also fresh and tasty and since my friend knew the chef's from his many visits there, they made us a special crunchy roll. Very friendly service and nice open space if you like the Benihana Style BBQ as well.  Recommend to anyone that wants to get out of the smoky casinos and enjoy a nice sushi dinner.
4	one thing you need to know: this place is only open for dinner on the weekends.  now about the food....the sushi was good.  not the best, but it was good.  i really like that staff there. super friendly.  when you do AYCE, they let you order whatever you want, made however you want.  if you feel like extra masago, you can get extra masago.  if you want spicy mayo on sashimi with a lemon wedge, you can do that too.  you get the drift.  you know how some AYCE places pack on the rice on their rolls and sushi, this place doesnt.  also, i like the wide selection of appetizers.  another useful tip, you can order 1/2 orders of the various rolls so you can have the freedom to sample ALL the rolls, like i do! =)have fun!
5	This place is the freakin BEST!!!AYCE sushi...and you don't have to eat rice???  WTH?!?  I'm not complaining!   Sit right at the bar, ask for sashimi and they hook it up!!!  The fresh raw oysters are amazing!!  The uni is so fresh and delicious!!!  The yellowtail melts in your mouth!!!  I can't stop using exclamation points!!!  With so much hot and cold appetizers, sushi, sashimi and rolls to choose from, you can't go wrong!!!   Since I wanna get the best bang for my buck, I skip the rolls and just order sashimi.  Here's a hint, ask for a small bowl of sushi rice, cuz that's all you'll need.  It's sooooo good everytime I go.  I actually order almost every sashimi on the menu.  Salmon, sea scallops, yellowtail, Ikura, eel, fried scallops (or frallops), tempura, miso soup, fresh oysters, fried oysters, surf clams, sweet shrimp, tuna...OMG..so much food!  And so good and fresh!The staff is really nice too!  Anything you want and ask for, they respond with very polite and peppy "SURE"!  haha.  And the head chef (?) has a really funny voice when he calls out orders.  Winners of the place:Gold Medal - Uni! Uni! Uni!Silver Medal - Fresh raw oystersBronze Medal - IkuraSo hard to leave out the sea scallops, fried oysters and yellow tail.  Heck, I'll give them bronze medals too!In a town full of great deals, at around $25, you probably won't find a better deal than this.  And after 10pm, they have a "pretty lady special".  You get like $3 off or something!  Pretty good!!!
5	If you try it once, it wont be your last!On my last visit to this wonderful place we were there for over 2 hours. We were blessed with a customized sushi roll. this roll was so huge it looked like a wet burrito, we named it the LBCR=LONG BEACH CRIP ROLL. I'm all about the oysters with the fixins. This place is a mandatory pit stop when I go to Vegas.
5	I try to come here every time I visit Vegas.  On this trip everything was extra fresh and good!  Maybe a new fish shipment came in the night before.Gold medal -  AUCE Uni sashimi!  Yes, there is such a thing.Silver - Fresh raw oysters.  The oysters tasted very fresh this trip!  Sometimes its fresher than others.  Bronze - Sweet shrimp.  Oh so sweet!This restaurant is located off the strip.  Most of the patron's seem to be locals.  They knew exactly what they wanted!  ordering up a storm.HAPPY AUCE SASHIMIING!!
3	If you visit my profile, you'll very quickly see that I'm very generous with my ratings. I don't want to waste your time reading about a place that your stomach won't even enjoy.Which brings me to a very interesting dilemma: what do you do when you absolutely detest a place for the way they behave themselves, yet have really good five star food?The result: the three stars. Don't, even for a moment, doubt their food. I cannot praise them enough for how good their food is, especially considering it's in the middle of nowhere. Come on, I'm from San Diego, we get good fish. I've been to Hawaii, Hong Kong, places where they can actually get fresh fish. I'm not going to say that all their fish is amazing, but you can quickly focus in on the good stuff.However, I have no problem treating a restaurant as well as they treat me. In this case, you can clearly see that I am unhappy (to say the least).One star lost: we were 5 minutes late for our reservation. If they want to play that way, fine, nobody deserves grace, why should they? We lost our reservation at the sushi bar simply because they wouldn't wait for us. We wanted to tip them for being accommodating, but we couldn't find the occasion.Two other stars lost: for parties of 4 OR MORE, 18% GRATUITY FORCED UPON. So their $$ rating is deceitful, just like their service and general ways about things! Ironic, huh! So you don't really get to say your mind about how well they're doing because they know the general number of people in a typical party. My advice: go in pairs. If you believe they deserve 18%, by all means you should give it to them. But for an experience that I had tonight, they would have been lucky to receive 10%.So five minus one minus ought be only two stars, right? Well, last time we didn't have these issues. Granted, the gratuity thing was just as true last year as this, but last year we had a lot of fun talking with the chefs. This year, we had to deal with a waitress that was very much subpar, general distaste at their practices, and other buffets that did much better than them, not to mention coming on Black Friday, when people are still supposed to be grateful.
2	The reason for the 2 stars is that this place offers AYCE sashimi.  The missing 3 stars are due to the unorganized appearance of the restaurant and servers.  We were seated in the teppanyaki section which was odd.  once ordered, the sashimi came out in large unappetizing chunks.  The poor fish looked as though it had been unceremoniously hacked to pieces.   The cut rolls had WAY too much rice.  The servers would move back and forth taking orders from several groups at a time which resulted in our scrambling for fish as it was delivered.  the baked mussels were tasty, though.  But thats not enough to make me come back here again.
2	not impressed with long long wait times. nearly 1 hr due to staff ignoring small groups and attending to large parties (20+ ppl)drafting this review prior to eating.. thats how bored out of mind i am. will update if service is faster..1 star off for 1 hour wait time while half the restaurant was empty.1 star off for ordering miso soup 3 times, adegashi tofu twice, and not getting any of it.  In fact,  we got octopus sashimi, somehow instead.1 star off for mixed sashimi quality.  First round looked REALLY fresh, while the second round was cut weird, and looked very old, and tasted fishy!!  Was this a sign that I should not be ordering sashimi more than a single round?I think I'll try this place one more time, to see if my experience improves, but not sure if it will.  Do the very young done up japanese waitress/hostesses make up for anything?  Sure, they are cute and nice to look at, but i'm not there to gawk at japanese girls.   If thats youre thing, cool.  But I'm there to have a good time, and meal.
4	love the food!! their all you can eat includes sashimi!! UNI~~~~ if you are in vegas and want sushi?! this is the place to go!! workers are friendly and they dont hesitate to give you more food!!
5	BEST AYCE I've ever experienced in my life!!!! This place is a few miles from the Vegas strip but it's certainly worth it. Their AYCE menu includes uni and fresh oysters on the half shell. The staff is very friendly and the sushi chefs are funny. You can ask for sashimi instead of nigiri so you don't have to worry about hiding the sushi rice in your girlfriend's bag. In addition, they sashimi slices are huge. Definitely putting this place on my to-do list for the next visit!
1	This is my first review in Yelp. I have to tell everyone my experience.Food quality:To be honest, the oysters was acceptable( but the size was super small). The raw fish sucked. The quality was like the bargain sale item in supermarket. Not fresh. I doubt the fish is not for sashimi. The uni: I witnessed  the chef ask the helper inside the kitchen to exchange the display window uni when we ordered uni sashimi. errr...We also order grill yellowtail head. My piece of head had over 60% "dark" area. (I noticed that the same item he serve to the other "Japanese" looks nice.)Soft shell crab: frozen, oilly and covered with super much powder. Unagi: small, dry. The most important part of a nigiri: rice. Don't order nigiri! The chef doesn't want to make it since he DOES NOT KNOW how to make. The ratio of the fish and rice is doesn't make any sense. Super much rice with thin fish. I know the fish was not that fresh. What about the rice? I agree that the rice itself is good, but not for sushi. You cannot hold the rice with chopsticks! Once you touch the rice, it fall down. My story:I went there around 10:00pm since I yelped that there is discount for girl after 10:00pm. The restaurant is small and old (They have no table. You have to sit on the bar that face to face with the chef). There was only two other parties in the restaurant. My gf and I got a seat quickly and started order. The food on their menu (a piece of paper) are very limited. We filled in the order sheet. I passed it to one of the waitress. She asked me to order with the chef directly. Okay, I gave the order sheet to the chef (a "true" Japanese man, I'll tell you why). He first refused to get that sheet because he want us to order verbally. But We don't want to read every order out one by one like an idiot. I explained to  him that it is too much to read.(I don't think he could memorize everything tought.) He finally got the sheet. He asked me if I want the sashimi or nigiri. I said nigiri. I asked him if they have Toro. He asked me to go to somewhere cross the street. That Japanese chef said we are difficult to serve in Japanese. And he was making fun of us with the other customers(they all speak Japanese.) My gf and I spoke English all the time, I think that chef must thought that we don't understand Japanese. I acted like I don't understand Japanese. He kept speaking Japanese to us and joking around with the others who speak Japanese. He was complaining us in front of us! Okay, I keep silence because we were so hungry, we don't want to go to another place. We waited for like 15 mins. During that time, the others kept ordering food in Japanese. Yes, they ordered late, their food came first! We had nothing to eat, not even a piece of sushi! Then I ordered some sashimi and oysters because I think that kind of raw food might come faster. I was right. The Japanese chef didn't want to make nigiri. If you order sashimi, he will serve it very fast. We quickly finished some "can-eat" item. We left. Two hour after that, we were both in the restroom of the hotel. Which part did I spend most time in the hotel? Restroom!PS: I highly recommend this restaurant to Japanese. (Or you speak good Japanese)
1	I'm sorry, but that was such a bad experience I had to say something. The only thing I liked with this outing I had tonight on Christmas' Eve was my company, who through all the rudeness of the server, still managed to make the dinner endurable. The food was just bleh, I only like their Miso soup and Uni plate, but that was it. That's it. Out of the many dozens things we order, which came in randomly. I know it's Christmas' Eve and they were super busy, I really do understand because I work as waitress, too, but that was just plain bad. The waitress who served our table(in which we share with two other groups, so no privacy there) kept ignoring us, when the food came out, it's like free for all, she just asked who has Sashimi, and so on and we'd have to raise our hands and shout it out, competing for food like kindergarten kids. I mean, we paid $27, it wasn't even worth half of that. The waitress got upset too when I asked her question of how she was arranging our orders since we were such a large group, but she just ignored me! The oyster or the fish weren't fresh at all, it was frozen then thawed and served like that.  I wish we had gone some other place else. My co-worker had recommended the restaurant, but I guess there's just no knowing for sure, like somebody said here, there's no consistency. Also I was upset at the fact that the waitress gave a special treatment to other groups because they were of the same nationality. We all paid the same price, we expect the same service.
2	My first review in yelp! All you can eat sushi in vegas at a reasonable price. But customer service aren't satisfactory especially when you go after 10pm. Waitress was only friendly on the first order but not after.  You will have to keep following up to get some orders to come at your table. Some never came! My favorite Uni came after 1hour I placed the order with a few follow up with the waitress!  We were ready to leave when they finally came! Unfriendly customer service!  I've been here a few times bringing friends & family to try. Sometimes we get lucky but overall service is poor. Sushi chef got a temper at times & ignore our requests when he's not in the mood!  Other than service, food is pretty good for the price.
4	Came here last night as an alternative to Sushi House Goyemon. Overall, had a good experience. The service was nice, all you can eat sushi for $26, teppanyaki chicken/beef dinner set for $21, an great sencha green tea.The vibe wasn't trendy or hip or anything. This is a family-joint. They have really LOUD teppanyaki chefs. Everything tasted good, but there wasn't anything that really made this place scream "VISIT ME AGAIN!!" --- thus the four stars.
1	Four stars? Do people in LV have a clue what quality sushi is? First off the service was terrible, they put sriracha on everything, the sashimi is butchered to hell, the oysters were absolutely inedible, as was most of the excuse of food that was put in front of me. There's much better AYCE sushi places in Vegas, avoid this one like the plague!
4	Friends visiting wanted too mix things up with all you can eat sushi. Normally its sushi-mon. I have been too this place long long time ago. It been years that forgot the whole experience so excited about trying ti again. The sushi bar is interesting because it slightly higher when you sit down. If looking for the experience of watching sushi chefs make sushi. Forget about it. The quality of the fish is spot on everything we had tasted fresh. Unlike other sushi places I found the nigiri cuts of fish slightly larger so getting more fish. The soft shell crab (it favorite sushi of the night) liked is deep fry crab instead of making it roll all crab and then server it with dipping sauce. We order two of those! -)) The sushi rice was good too.Overall feel like good sushi. Good service. The sushi chefs were very attentive and make sure if nothing in front of you asked like next. Like too mix things up once in while then stick with my regular spots. I would could back mix things up again plus close too my house so always plus.
5	My absolute favorite AYCE sushi bar!!!! not buffet style like Todai but made-to-order so everything is fresh!!! i'm not saying the sashimi quality blew my mind or anything but when it comes to AYCE, its the biggest bang for your buck!!!this restaurant is split into two sides, one being sushi bar and the other is a tepan "benihanna-similiar" japanese steakhouse...i never had the teppan steak so i dont recommend it...stick to the sushi...whats great about this AYCE--- unlimited uni, unlimited raw oysters, unlimited sashimi...bonus, u can order hama (yellowtail colar/neck) which is a very tender piece of the meat... and fried rice...i love japanese fried rice, but dont get full off of rice... the sushi isnt amazing, but def up to par w/ any other mid level sushi joint... i liked the white tuna, salmon, albacore, and halibut....i would rather come here than half of the buffets on the strip....
5	Hikari is one of my favorite AYCE sushi places. The fish quality is pretty good and I absolutely LOVE the fresh oysters! I also really like the win roll. I think this is my favorite. The nigiri is all pretty good and fresh. The kama, poki, agedashi tofu, and soft shell crab are also all really good. I think everything that I usually get it. Remember to get the fried rice as well! I just wish the food would come out faster so I'm not sitting there waiting between orders and getting full.
4	Be careful, the bill came with the server's tips included!!!  We were in a group of 4 people, did not use any discount coupon, it was a weeknight, sat at the sushi bar, and ordered the all you can eat sushi.  It must be the restaurant's policy to charge a tip to all bills.  When something is automatically charged without your consent, I consider it a tax and not really a tip. At least the food was good. If you sit at the sushi bar, food comes really fast too.
5	Fresh fish, fastest service anywhere! Great sushi chef, nice thick sashimi, cant go wrong here!love it
3	i eat here 5 or 6 times already and ever time they always forget to bring my order,i would remind them like 3 to 4 time before i get my food.the food is good serves can be alot better.
5	I have been here so many times with friends and family, We always had a great time~ love the all you can eat  sashimi sushi~ much better than other place 4 stars on Yale!
4	We were on a time limit for the meal and weren't sure if we could get served in time to make our movie. At 7pm we got promptly sat at the sushi bar and got all of our dishes within 5 minutes of ordering. Great deal for fresh oysters at 3 dollars for 2 pieces. The white fish/red snapper sashimi was also delicious. Would definitely recommend sitting at the bar if possible. In and out within half an hour for a satisfying, quick meal.  Very casual and comfortable.  The service was very nice and stopped to refill water cups almost immediately.There was also a teppanyaki part in the restaurant that seemed nice.
1	First time there and Would have given at least the most 3 stars, the wait staff was OK, the chef behind the sushi bar was great, but the female manager was a BITCH, we sat down for the ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI for $26.99 and there was 4 of us plus my 2 yr. old son.  We started to order and got our food quickly, as we were eating and gave my 2  yr. old son a shrimp for him to nibble on.  The manager comes over and says that my son can not share our food if we are going to do the AYCE (ALL YOU CAN EAT) and I must order a separate dish for him or get charge $26.99 for his portion of AYCE SUSHI.  I told her that he's only 2 and won't eat much, she said its policy, I asked her why it's not on the menu or anywhere in the restaurant for patrons to see, so I told her she's being ridiculous and she walked away.  5 min later she's standing against a wall watching us to see if we are still sharing our food with him and came over again and told us again, I told here that this was the same shrimp from the first time and my wife got pissed and told her off and made a scene, so other people in the restaurant would know the bullshit this manager was making us do, so we ordered a side of tempura shrimp for him for $6.99 to shut the DUMB BITCH UP and it came with 4 shrimps, my son only ate 1/2 of 1 of the 4 shrimps.  The experience for the first time there will make us never go back there again and the quality is not up to the $26.99 charge and no desert included too and the menu options are not as extensive as other AYCE SUSHI restaurants we've been too, like SUSHI KAYA on Spring Mtn, that we go to at least 3 times a month.  We will tell all our friends about this experience too, BE  WARNED, parents with small children, feed your kids first at home or let them starve while watching you eat your dinner, or waste your money like we did.  NEVER AGAIN WILL I EAT THERE.
3	I eat here whenever I go to LV. Haven't had a bad experience yet. Friendly staff. The guys making the sushi are pretty funny. If you want top quality fatty fish, this might not be the place for you. You probably won't find all the items you might get at other places. I've never seen them serve toro or halibut, and I believe the super white is seasonal. For me personally, $27 is worth it. I guess I'm willing to sacrifice some quality for the quantity. AYCE hamachi, maguro, salmon, shrimp tempura, natto rolls, tofu, super white... it's enough for me. My friends like the hamachi kama, oysters, and seaweed salad. I can't comment about the grilled items or those fancy sushi rolls because we've never had them. Pretty sure the owner and most of the staff are from Japan so be prepare for some cultural differences. For example, in some cases your tip will be included in your bill.
4	Yummy sushi, but limited for selection.  We had been here a long time ago, before our Yelp days, and don't really remember it.  Tonight, looking for an AYCE sushi place, and tired of the usual places we go, we thought we'd try it.They were very busy, but we had excellent service.  We sat at a table that was usually used for steak service, most of the table was booked with a large group, celebrating an engagement.  At first thought, we'd would get lot in the crowd, but the wait staff came around regularly and made us feel as if we were important.  We looked over the menu and made our first few choices.  When they arrived, they were fresh in appearance, the smells were great, and the flavors were spot on.  There is plenty of sashimi with both red and white snapper, salmon, hamachi, magruo and tempura.  Overall, great food, but with limits in selection, gets old ordering just sashimi and oysters, we'll be looking to try someplace with more selection.
1	This place use to have a good food selection with their AYCE menu, but they took their super white tuna n another good stuff out ! It's not the same!
3	I went there for dinner and was seated at the sushi bar.  It didn't look busy but the teppanyaki grill was.  The chefs were quick and efficient.   The freshness of the fish was good.  I thought some stuff could have been better.  I would probably go again. dont recommend the uni though i think it was fresh too bitter.
5	We all know the classic all you can eat sushi places. "Remember to eat the rice" is the main thing we hear, and usually a lot of this places focus on that : Packing the rolls with rice and a little piece of fish. I always hated that about sushi places.always imagined a perfect world with a sashimi AYCE place..and it happened!!Hikari is the only AYCE sashimi place that ive EVER heard of . The fish quality is great..unlimited UNI? GET OUT OF HERE!!!! yes..I killed so much sea urchin that when Im at the beach they run away from me. Unlimited oyster?? BRING IT ON!!How they achieve profitability while doing this, I dont know, and i dont care. As long as I keep getting those big pieces of raw delicious fish non stop, I could care less!Their rolls menu is very limited though. They have just a total of like 6 or 8 , but honestly, why would you get a roll at a sashimi place??Price is not bad at all, pretty much around the same price as others. Chefs are funny as hell and if you order something it wont take more than 3 minutes LITERALLY to get it. I give it 5 stars for uniqueness (only AYCE sashimi) and service.Advice : Be smart, seat at the Bar
1	The service is terrible. Go elsewhere
1	I did not enjoy this place. all you can eat sushi is NOT worth 27 almost 28 dollars.  Our server was nice, but it took so long for the food to come out.  We had to tell them several times that we were missing things.  I actually don't mind waiting for food as long as it is good. the menu was small. Dessert wasn't even included. Someone on here recommended the fried rice. It tasted old and I waited for over 30 minutes to try it. The food was just ok. Not very fresh. This place isn't horrible, but there are so many other great ayce  in las vegas and this place doesn't stand a chance. I will not be going back.
3	AYCE SASHIMI?!!!!!! UNLIMITED MENU?!! Sounds too good to be true.. It kind of is. I only come here for the all you can eat raw oysters which are hit or miss, deep fried soft shell crab & the uni sushi and sashimi (not the best quality but it will do.) There's not really a time limit and they don't really care if you have left overs. The "sashimi" is horribly cut which turns me off and I find nasty! The fish quality is below average! You have to order everything from the sometimes obnoxious chefs so you can't be shy~ The restaurant itself is kind of old and it definitely shows. You only have the option of sitting at the sushi bar, no regular tables. I've never tried the teppanyaki/hibachi.. Dessert is not included with AYCE. Hot Tip: after 10pm ladies get a discount on AYCE sushi = $22.50
2	This place is for folks that like AYCE and don't care about the quality of the sushi.I didn't think there was anything really good about this place. The fish didn't taste fresh, obvious frozen.  Not sure where they learn how to to slice sashimi, but the fish were  not thinly sliced. they looked  like scrap pieces and was not appetizing at all.  Would not recommend going here unless
5	good and a great place for ayce sushi. where else can you get ayce sashimi, soft shell crab, uni, sweet shrimp?
5	Best all you can eat ever...unlimited uni, sweet shrimp, sashimi plate, oysters and everything u can think off.
5	The BEST AYCE sushi place in all of Vegas land!  For these main reasons:1) consistently extra fresh fish2) AYCE sashimi - YES, you read right, sashimi!3) AYCE fresh oysters4) lightning fast & friendly serviceThe open at 5pm daily for dinner time only and stay open late.  After 10pm they have a pretty lady discount to $22 for ayce instead of the normal $26.  While their actual rolls aren't the most creative, the ayce sashimi & oysters is where it's at!  Oysters are only ayce if they're in season.  On our past 2 visits there has been shortage, so they've been limiting them to 4 oysters/customer.  On their cooked food menu the soft shell crab is great!  My favorite roll here is probably the Bonsai.  Hikari has some of the most friendly customers.  We frequently enjoy the company and conversation of nearby diners at the sushi bar.  They also offer hibachi grilled food with seating around the grill, however we always opt for and sit around the sushi bar.  At prime dining hours the sushi bar can get quite packed, but even so the service is still lightning fast.  Slow service is one of my pet peeves about eating sushi; it's so disappointing to wait 45+ minutes for each roll or order.  On one occasion I think it might have taken all of 5 minutes to get our order, and to our surprise and amusement the sushi chef apologized profusely.
5	The oysters are out of this world!  We eat hear pretty much once a week and always come back for a reason: it's fantastic!
2	They offer unlimited uni and ama ebi, but overall quality of this place is worse than average.  With so many AYCE sushi places in town, you can do much better.  But I have friends that love this place because all they want to eat is subpar uni.
4	Before eating at Hikari, I have tried only two other all you can eat sushi joints. Todai in Honolulu, and Midori sushi in Los Angeles. In a fight between the 3 I think Hikari wins hands down. I had 4 pieces of hamachi, 4 uni, 4 salmon, 2 garlic tuna, 2 ikura, 1 tamago, and shrimp tempura... It must have been a good catch they had come in because everything was fresh and melt in your mouth buttery. The rice was really good too!With a ratio of 5 to 1 I think the chef had a really good memory for the amount of orders he had to deal with too.I will definitely be back when I go Vegas again... I may even write another review; Regardless of the fact that reminiscing of the food creates so much hunger pain.
2	I've been here once for all you can eat and ended up only having two plates. The tastes of the roll and oysters just didnt catch my satisfaction. Stomache totally didnt like it. All my friends who got sashimi seemed to love it though & wanna go back. Im open to give it another shot, but theres so much more better places. The service give Hikari some good stars though! Extra friendly place. Dont knock it till you try it..... Again. Besides, they do have all you can eat sashimi & it's open late.
5	I surveyed 100 people and the top 5 answers are on the board. I asked them: "Name me the item you order most...at hikari"Raw Oysters?Survey says...#2 answer on the board. 32 people.Uni sashimi? #1 answer!!! 39!!It's gotta be the sweet shrimp!  #4 answer! 9How about the...what do you call them?   XOh you ran out of time. Strike one.I order the eel the most!  #5 answer!  6 people!I got it.  The hamachi kama!  show me hamachi Kama!!!  #3 answer. 11 people!!you've won the family feud!thanks for playing!
1	Shame Shame Shame on you Hikari. I have used yelp for many years just for searching restaurant reviews but have not ever joined this site until now.  I have never ever been this upset at a business until i stepped into this one.  I would never ever set foot into this business again.  My family and i total of 7 paying adults came in for the ALL YOU CAN EAT.  My youngest daughter is only 2 years old which is the 8th person and only likes to eat a couple of California rolls which i did not think it was a problem to just give her some off of ours from the all you can eat order we are getting.  When ordering the server  taking our order said it was not OK to do that but if she ordered something from the kids meal then she can and so we did what she had told us.  We ordered something off the kids meal which was chicken and rice for over $8 which my daughter did not like at all and started eating a little of our California rolls which i mean just a couple of pieces of our food which we where told it was OK by our server.  Our server comes back to us looking like she made the biggest mistake ever goes and tells us that her lady manager said to her we cant do that and for her to tell us that our 2 year old daughter can not eat off of our plates.  The manager wanted to charge us the full kids buffet price of roughly over $16 dollars and don't forget she is just 2 years old.  We did not make this mistake that employee made this mistake by telling us something that is not true and as a professional manager of a restaurant they should have honored what the employee said and not put us into this kind of situation.  My whole family had never ever been so upset that a business would do such a thing to a 2 year old.  the manager wanted to charge us for a full order of California rolls for my 2 year old but we had told her that this is just for my daughter and not us and she cant finish the whole order of California rolls and don't forget we had already paid for a chicken and rice dish that my daughter did not like at all so she can eat a little off our plates because that was what our server said would be OK.  The lady manager had reduced it to half the order of California rolls for half the price but after putting up a fight and telling her that this was wrong and not our fault.  We purchased the half order of California roll because our daughter looked sad that she could not eat ours.Now to tell you about everything else well you already know how we feel about the service.  We came in first and of course asked for a high chair and asked again and asked again then it finally came after asking 3X so you can see requesting service is just not there but bringing the food we ordered to our table is not a problem but requesting something simple obviously is. My water stayed empty for so long.  If you like quantity over quality then this is the place to go. The sashimi was not cut right from what i know it supposed to be cut in very small pieces not huge pieces.  I felt like i was stepping all over crumbs off the floor walking in. The place is old looking and a little on the depressing side to me.  Knowing we are this upset they still included the tip in the bill and this place doesn't even include any desert in the all you can eat menu so don't expect that.  I have been to one other AYCE up in Vegas when visiting and will be returning back to that one and never ever setting foot back in this one.  I would say that this place with my experience is not kid friendly at all.  Shame Shame Shame on you.
2	I had such high hopes for this place. I was in Vegas with my husband and in-laws to have a sin city Christmas. We decided to try Hikari for the AYCE sushi as our Christmas Eve dinner. While our waitress was super sweet and friendly, it didn't make up for the poor service we received over the entire evening. First, we sat down and were asked what we would like to drink (4 hot teas and 4 glasses of water, please) and we excitedly gave the waitress our marked up sushi order so we can get our food ASAP.10+ minutes pass by and... nothing. The waitress frantically returns and tells us that they must' have lost our sushi order. WHAT. So she asked us to repeat our order by memory, which was really confusing for a second, until I asked her for another menu to look at so we can try to remember. Jeez.10 minutes later, a big tray of sushi is dropped off by another waitress and is left at the empty side of the counter. We sit and stare at the tray of our sushi for another 10 minutes before our original waitress comes back and brings it to us. I would've served us ourselves, but we weren't sure it was even our food. It was just left there.As for the food, it was decent. The fried rice and soup were standard but yummy. The rolls were pretty good (I liked the Win Roll... fried with jalapenos) and the sushi and sashimi were just ok. They were cut all weird like they had just been hacked up. I've never seen such poorly cut sushi & sashimi before. And it didn't really taste all that fresh. I know it's not like I expected the freshest and bestest sushi & sashimi ever. But c'mon.Sad to say I arrived with high hopes and left really frustrated and unsatisfied. I will not be a return customer.Side note: the chefs put raw meat & seafood on the trays when they do the teppan style dinner. No plates or anything. Just raw chicken, shrimp, and steaks on plastic lunch trays. The same trays they bring out your other food on. I hope they wash those with really hot water. Ew.
3	Not bad! Definitely a deal if you love AYCE sashimi! We came at a very late hour, and we were seated immediately. The chef told us to let him know what we wanted, but he kinda freaked out when we started ordering and told us to SLOW DOWN!!!! Okay, guess we were hungry hippos after a long car ride to Vegas. Anyway, the sashimi was okay, not high quality, but hey, we didn't get sick and it was AYCE. Can't complain too much. Sushi rolls were sub par as well, and my friend didn't like his dragon roll (said it was dry). The soft shell crab did not have the correct ponzu sauce to go with it, and so my bf didn't like it, though I felt it was fine by itself. Overall, everything was great for AYCE...but just don't expect TOO much. I'll be back for my sashimi needs :)
5	One of the best AYCE deals in town. Sashimi is included at no extra charge. So, for those of you who hide rice in napkins, place rice from your nigiri in between plates, or any other tricks that I'm not aware of to avoid eating all the rice which you must at other AYCE places, relax and frequent this place. The service is excellent, the quality of the food and variety are outstanding as well. If HIkari was closer to where I lived, I'd easily weigh 200lbs.
5	Love it!  All you can eat sushi and sashimi that are fresh at a very reasonable price and in Vegas.  What more can you ask for?
5	awesome value for AYCE. the sashimi was great and they were generous about feeding us. I would totally return. The uni wasn't the best, but it was really good. I will definitely return!!
1	**** ABSOLUTELY THE WORST AYCE SUSHI RESTAURANT IN VEGAS******I do not know how can this restaurant has 4 stars rating.  I have been to a lot of AYCE sushi restaurants, and this one is absolutely the worst one.  I like they have the Sushi and Sashimi option.  But guys, please try to avoid the sushi option if you do not want a ridiculous amount of rice and get charge extra after.  First, they are out of few fishes that day( sea urchin, one of the reason i went there, but not available) , which was disappointed. Service was ridiculous. Manager fought with me because I complained the food was not fresh, i could not eat it.  The salmon was pure orange with zero fat in there, the scallop was extremely unfresh, i just do not think they have anything fresh there.  We had a group of 13 that night, so we ordered about 5 order of sushi for most order, which is 10 pieces.  And when the sushi came, we were surprised how fishy and unfresh the sushi were.  We tried to eat whatever was fresh and the leftover were not fresh, and i told the manager afterward that we cannot eat the unfresh sushi and she gave me attitude right away and told me i should not order so many food at the beginning and told me I should just order one order of the sushi to try it out before placing more order.  HEY BxTCH, i understand  you do not want us to waste food but seriously, do you expect a group of 13 to order one order per sushi ? The customer service was ridiculous , it's unacceptable these day, i am in the customer service industry, i always put my customer in the first priority.  I will never ever go back there again and HIGHLY  RECOMMEND EVERYONE NOT TO GO THERE.  There's a lot of AYCE sushi in Vegas and this place is definately not worth the money and most importantly the customer service. P.S. We did not get full at all and most of us went to get mcdonalds afterward.
4	Hold up, hold up, hold up....AYCE SASHIMI? HI. I'M SO THERE. Or here. A friend brought me here and i couldn't believe my eyes. I can eat as much salmon sashimi as I want!??!? I don't feel like I really need to go into much detail on how this restaurant works since it's been repeated with almost every review.  But here are some of my tips..If you're a roll fan, you might want to look elsewhere before you decide to fork up $26 for the night. The roll menu isn't very big, well the menu just isn't very big altogether. But if you're like me, and have no interest other than for some good raw pieces of fish, then you'll enjoy your dinner just fine (more than fine really...). The pieces aren't the freshest you'll get in town but I don't usually set my expectations too high for AYCE sashimi option. On the bright side, they have AYCE OYSTERS too! They add this Japanese chili sauce to the shells which makes it even more delish! And if you're a risk taker, try the oyster shot. No questions, just do it. It's definitely an experience ;] Don't forget that if you order a handroll, you have the option of having no rice added .. save some room in your belly!One thing I'm just not too keen of is the fact that dessert is an additional charge, $2 per mochi ice cream order..BOO! Usually skipping dessert wouldn't be such an issue for me, however, they have the option of red bean mochi, which makes it much more difficult to skip out on since I haven't been able to find it elsewhere. Hope all you sashimi lovers enjoy this little AYCE haven as much as I did. Happy eating!
3	I really wanted to LOVE this place and did find it be ok, but it definitely didn't come off as a 4 or 5 star experience. I live in Henderson, so this place is a bit of a drive, but I thought I would try it out since it had the AYCE sashimi option. Yes, there are several things that you can get as sashimi, but they are mostly pretty pedestrian. The tobiko and uni are definitely not offered. Sad! So when I wanted in it took several minutes for them to finally seat me. I suppose I could have just sat myself, but that's rude so I waited. I got to order  my drink but the server never came back to answer any questions or see if I needed anything. I agree with people who say the service is pretty lacking. Grant it they expect people to order from the sushi chef, but I was drinking and had to flag people down to get more saki. Not good. Everything on the menu is on the all-you-can-eat except desert, which is a definite plus. It's only $26.95, which really, I could easily eat in sashimi and did. The selection is pretty lacking, but again, I what can one expect? The rolls were basically just California roll or some variation. I've grown tired of thinking fake crab meat combinations are "sushi." They're kinda crap. Then you get all these sauces, which just adds up to more fattening crap. There wasn't anything THAT exciting or much variety. Oh well, I was kinda in the mood for eel but I did have an eel roll and the rice was good. Luckily they had not only Hamachi Kama but Salmon Kama so that was a nice little surprise. I was also able to get a pretty yummy poki version that I would totally eat again. All in all I walked away full and enjoyed what I had. I didn't feel like the service was that great but really the place is just an assembly line. If you want to get cheap all you can eat sushi with some sashimi thrown in then this place isn't that bad. If you want something super exciting, you will be sorely disappointed.
5	Always a pleasure when i come out to vegas. One of the best ayce sushi...
4	I thought I wrote about this place but when I did a search, I guess I didn't.One of my friends is in Vegas and was feeling down so I told my friend to go eat at Hikari.  What's good is that most AYCE places they will serve you nigiri only, over here you can just order just sashimi which is a hit with most girls as they get full on the rice.Selection of fish varies but there was enough variety to keep me happy.  Also unlimited soft shell crab which I really like.I really was debating on if I should be writing a report or keeping it to myself as the sushi bar gets crowded.The only reason for the deduct of one star was that the last time I went, they made a mistake and charged my credit card twice, so some other customer go a free meal.Tip - pay cash so no problems later.
4	This is probably the best AYCE sushi restaurant I've ever been to, and that's saying something!  I mean, let's be honest...AYCE restaurants are incomparable to their pay-for-what-you-order counterparts, not because the quality is lacking or anything like that (even though most of the time it is), but because they satiate different needs.  We need to compare apples to apples, people.  Typically, when food is of a higher quality, it is going to cost more.  That is a simple fact of life and it makes sense, which means that there is no way an AYCE restaurant, especially not sushi, could possibly be on the same level as normal sushi restaurant.  Now, with that being said, Hikari is the best AYCE sushi restaurant I've ever been to thus far.  I rest my case.
5	Wow just spent our Valentines day here, had no reservations, was greeted and seated in a timely manner for how busy they were, AYCE Sushi Dinner 26.95 includes Sashimi, Appetizers, Soups and Salads, Food quality was great, and Service was awesome, had a really sweet cute waitress. Oysters, Hamachi Kama, Mussels, amazing and included in all you can eat!
1	WOW. Why do people come here? This is definitely not a place for sushi. I came with a bunch of co-workers and the food here is disgusting. We all did the AYCE and I started off ordering sashimi to try each fish and some were definitely not fresh....Failed #1. Next up I was excited for the Uni since you can have up to 4 orders. For people that didn't realize, Uni is supposed to be bright orange and not brown like this place...Failed #2. I decided to give the cooked foods a try and ordered the calamari and gyoza. The calamari was super chewy and the gyoza was obviously prepackaged but they somehow managed to butcher that....Failed #3Finally dessert isn't included and this dump came out to $35 a person. My wife and I didn't like a single thing at this place. If you want all you can eat GOOD sashimi go to Kaze for $20. I don't know if it's mental but I felt a little sick after eating here.
2	I like steakhouse part of it.. And how you can get sashimi without the rice but I'm more of a roll eater and let me tell you... It's not the best. Or even close. We came in a party of 6 and it was not busy AT ALL. Asked for half of us doing all you can eat and the other half doing the teppanyaki.. She looks around like its a hassle.. Did I mention it was NOT BUSY and says yes can you wait 5 minutes while I set up the table. Sure. 10 min past and there's 2 girls counting money at the register. I stand up and inquire about our table and yeah finally the same waitress comes around and grabs some menus and then begins to set up our table which only took 1 min because of its simplicity. Okay now the teppanyaki man who came out to clean the dirty grill used dirty wet towels.. Ok. The imitation crab was fishy, the soft shell crab was fishy, the Kama which was cooked was also fishy and our waitress only came back twice to ask if we needed anything else... We got all you can eat so obviously we needed something else later and we never saw her again. Oh and did I mention it wasn't busy?
3	The food here isn't bad, but you don't go here if you're visiting vegas. This is what you can find in your own backyard.Pros:oysters, kama, tempuraOK:Sashimi quality, udon, edamame, miso soup, staffCons:Uni was dark brown, not freshSalmon skin, soggy not crispSashimi cuts were untastefully big....Fried Soft Shell Crab (flavorless)
1	Came here yesterday only because Goyemon's wait was too long.. I hadn't eaten in 17 days because I was on the Master Cleanse Detox so I was beyond excited to finally eat some delicious food..!I've been to Hikari many many times and service has always been pretty bad but yesterday was just horrible. They do not know how to handle even the slightest rush. The servers were too busy catering to the needs of the hibachi patrons that they were nonexistent on the sushi bar side. There were 2 sushi chefs.. 1 older guy who only lets you order 1 item at a time and a younger guy who doesn't even pay attention to you.You literally have to shout at them to get their attention and then shout your order over everyone else. Even when they are not doing anything and you clearly want to order something they avoid eye contact with you and don't bother to ask you what you would like to order. The place is old, dirty and run down. There are no actual tables so you have to sit shoulder to shoulder with strangers at the bar.. The fish is not fresh and when you order "sashimi" it is presented in the most unappetizing manner.They also pack on their mushy rice for nigiri so watch out.Their only saving grace is their AYCE uni but sometimes the color/quality is questionable. I also like their kama but everything in their appetizer section is premade and comes out room temperature so that is pretty weird. No dessert included in AYCE.If the service from the sushi chefs wasn't so horrible then this place could be 3 star worthy but nope... 1 LONELY STAR FOR YOU HIKARI~!!!!HOT TIP: Actually, there is 1 sushi chef who is nice.. but he wasn't there last night. He has glasses and some tattoos. If you do dare to venture out to Hikari (bleh) try to get in his section~!!!
3	It was a nice, cozy place. The sushi bar is fairly small and there were only 2 chefs taking orders. The AYCE menu is small. The Toro I had wasn't fresh by any means.  I did notice every specialty roll is really a California roll with some extra ingredients added in to make it "different."  the only good thing I can say about this place is that the Hamachi Kama is really ALL YOU CAN EAT.  I'd come here just for the Kama :)
5	I love this place. They treat us no different with or without our kids. The teppenyaki chefs are very skilled at what they do and are very fun every time we come by. Everyone is so sweet here. The allow you to get half sushi orders for all you can eat sushi, so you can enjoy a variety of their menu items. They also offer Kama, which  sear salmon head and oysters. And I love that are open late!
5	Service = excellent. Food = amazingly delicious! I love Hikari's teppan grill! I always order the shrimp and it is always so yummy. This restaurant is just like Benihana's but half the price. It is a hidden gem. Everything I have ever had there is so great.
5	A lot of Yelpers including some of my good friends are down on Hikari as far as the AYCE places go.  This makes absolutely no sense to me.  I think I can sum up why you should try it yourself with a haiku for Hikari:All you can eatthat includes sashimi too,great service to boot
1	My BF came here over a year ago & the fish quality was great. One of the rare AYCE places where you can order sashimi only, no BS rice. The fish quality has definitely went down the hole. The only good quality items were the cooked dishes, sashimi scallops, kama (yellow tail collar) and oysters. The oysters were delicious given the ponzu SIRACHA toppings. The Tako (octopus) had wrinkly skin, very tough meat and lots of water retention. The white tuna was somewhat sickening, rather than a deep solid white color, it was somewhat transparent! I didn't even go for the uni bc it was dark brown! Turn around, I rather head to an AYCE sushi place that includes  the rice.
5	I love to come here on Monday when the nice chef are around~ Usually I ask for sashimi by 4 pieces or 2 pieces at times. Somehow by ordering little by little, the sashimi presentation becomes more appetizing to eat! =)
2	Not the best sushi I've ever had, menu is overpriced. Service was good, but it was 9pm on a Wednesday and they looked overstaffed.
5	ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI & SASHIMI FOR $27!!!!!!!I'm not sure why this restaurant is rated so poorly, because it's pretty much the bomb!  Yes, the atmosphere maybe isn't the best, and it's a little hole-in-the-wall-ish, but AYCE sushi and sashimi for $27 is insane!Somehow, this place seems very popular with the crowd from Hawaii.  Almost every person I saw in the restaurant looked like they were from Hawaii, and the people who RAVED about the place and convinced me to go were yes, friends and coworkers in Hawaii.You may be thinking that because it's AYCE, quality is compromised.  Well yes, you're not going to be getting the super duper fresh sushi like in Japan, but for the price, it's very good stuff (and my BF is very picky on the freshness of his sushi)!  No sinewy-ness and no gross fishy smell/taste = WIN!I stuffed face for a good hour on all my favorites: salmon sashimi, amaebi, scallops, hamachi, agedashi tofu, countless sushi rolls, and washed it all down with hot green tea.  PHEW.  I cannot even begin to describe how much I ate that night!  And enjoyed every minute of it too!We sat at the sushi bar and ordered directly from the chef.  He's so talented at remembering all of our complicated orders (while still helping everyone else, mind you) and getting our food to us SO FAST.  I don't think we ever ran out of food to eat until the end of our meal.FOOD PORN:Salmon sashimi - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=-O7G99Yoi1QculhVTfKc2g#-O7G99Yoi1QculhVTfKc2gAmaebi nigiri - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=-O7G99Yoi1QculhVTfKc2g#ANVeIfWBiXQqerOBtFguHwUni nigiri - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=-O7G99Yoi1QculhVTfKc2g#51PazpPsMdbWUycA2TPzRAHamachi sashimi - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=-O7G99Yoi1QculhVTfKc2g#1ijsMIMBMsTBmTXOj3xgqgScallop nigiri - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=-O7G99Yoi1QculhVTfKc2g#8JDJFAy65-V3whwq1sD1kgSpider roll - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=-O7G99Yoi1QculhVTfKc2g#Zsvw35B9ljXqZ_W7YxQ7mwBanzai roll - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=-O7G99Yoi1QculhVTfKc2g#F-bM6bsDbUQ03Q3-qrhHUgSalmon and amaebi sashimi - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=-O7G99Yoi1QculhVTfKc2g#-7L6IyD8oII5KF9AxJqZYAAgedashi tofu - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=-O7G99Yoi1QculhVTfKc2g#7S7pmVB6luMGyvtqJEaOJwAll the food was delicious and dishes I would definitely reorder!  The only thing I wouldn't reorder would probably be the agedashi tofu...the outside was so hard/crispy it was tough to bite!The only thing that could have made the menu better was TORO (although I completely understand why it's not on there, haha), but other than that LOVE THIS PLACE and will DEFINITELY be revisiting!!!  Such a great deal for such a satisfying meal!
5	This place is the only place I know of that has all you can eat Sashimi!!  Normally all you can eat sushi is low quality, but it isn't here. I love a tiger hand roll with no rice and no sauce (low carb) and the Cajun albacore.
5	Great restaurant for all you can eat sushi.They have their restaurant split into two sections, the steakhouse and the sushi area (including sushi bar). We opted for the AYCE sushi which was reasonably priced, just a few dollars over another AYCE back at  my home state with a slightly larger menu. They offer some specialty rolls, some basic sides such as edamame and my favorite agedashi tofu, as well as the mainstays for nigiri/sashimi (salmon, ahi, Hamachi, etc).Great service and open late. The Hamachi served is a different type from Hawaii though, but still good.5 stars for the good food and AYCE options.
2	Use to be my favorite AYCE in LV, I wish they take items of the AYCE menu.....I would go out of my way to this place. Now I ratter try new AYCE joints in town.
4	A Definite Yes!No its not NOBU its HIKARI AYCE Sashimi - that is fresh served in generous portions.Also excellent cooked choices including an interesting FRALLOPS which is deep fried Sea Scallops. Perfectly tender and sweet inside, crispy, and not oily outside batter.Chefs are terrific .. handling the volume of everyone at the sushi bar as well as the endless orders coming from restaurant as well.Everyone has a pleasant attitude and seems to enjoy what they do.Been in 3X and was consistent on all visits so time for a review!If you decide to go hope you enjoy also. Steady stream of people which allows them to keep everything fresh!
3	Someone at work recommended this place to me so I checked it out on yelp to verify their claims. And true enough, 90% of the reviews were great. So last night my husband and I tried out this place. I was disappointed. The food was just average, nothing spectacular like what I read on the reviews.  They had few choices on their menu. But the staff and the chefs (we sat at the bar) were friendly.
5	Hands down, best place to destroy your belly and money after a grueling day in Las Vegas. I'd come here all day if I could.It's simply amazing. For $27, it's an AYCE experience that will not blow your mind, but your ego after gorging down 14 soft shell crabs in one go. I wouldn't suggest the steakhouse, but simply you get so much more with the AYCE. And besides, the dishes are too good to pass up.Always get the Agedashi Tofu, even when you don't want it. Just get it. You're gonna eat it regardless. I just know it. It's that good. Soft Shell Crab is the king over there. As a side dish, I pretty much ate it like a main entree. Even the chef was a bit amazed at the amount we ate. Sushi rolls are pretty much to your ideals, since you can always customize it the way you want it. Get as much uni as you want. And throw in that unlimited handrolls with salmon skin. YES. And the cool part? The chefs just scream your orders when you order it in front of them. "Oh, you want Hamachi? Okay, HAMACHI PLEASEEE NOWWWW." Never had I felt so in command of my orders at a place .And so, I encourage all of you to make the trip to this amazing hole-in-the-wall place for some bomb Japanese food. All for the price of your tummy and pride!
1	First off, dont be fooled by the all you can eat sushi thing. My whole family went and it succkkkked! The uni was all black, the service was junk, the manager talked back to us after they tried to give us deep fried scallops when we ordered sashimi. When you order, they give you a lot of the cheap stuff like salmon and the uni is very little. We literally, literally! Had to wait 15 min for our tea. Becuz its an all u can eat, they only give u a little of the good stuff. Do not go here. Go to a more expensive restaurant and get what u paid for. Not some cheap quality seafood. I was so pissed off with this restaurant that after we gave them the check, i spit on the plates and i stuck my middle finger on the way out. Its junk, dont try it. I'd rather go to genki sushi then this. Oh yeah, and my mom got sick the day after.
1	In one word - EW.  I do not write reviews normally, but the customer service is so terrible I must warn fellow yelpers.  I will try be fair in my comments here and give credit where it's due (almost no where). Came here because a coworker loves it.Before we get into the owner/manager's attitude problem, let's talk about the food first. We did the AYCE menu for dinner. the fact that they offer sashimi is a plus. I will say that the basics like salmon and hamachi were ok. Soft shell crab was ok too.  But what is up with the Kama that took only three minutes to come out and has the texture of fish jerky? Also, the cajun albacore was not seared... more like half cooked to a hard texture. The uni was questionable in color for sure - almost brown. I wish I had read warnings about that, and the big ball of rice in previous reviews prior to going. We did over-order unfortunately, and my friend wanted to get all our orders of uni in one go - there were four of us. I interrupted and said let's get half for now, which would be 8 pieces.  Well, guess the server heard what my friend said but ignored what I said.  Because 16 pieces came out.  We wanted to send it back but then decided to just suck it up... what could go wrong? A LOT. Not all of us ate it because of the weird color.  My friend was struggling to eat it all, so he left some rice.  The server took our plates away with the rice, and warned us that because this is AYCE if we continue to leave rice, they will have to charge us. OK, point taken.  So we were good about the rest of the rice we had. But no matter.  They charged us $12 extra for the rice anyway.  And tack on 18% gratuity for our party of four. It would have been nice to be given the chance to rectify our mistake instead of just taking the plates and adding the charge. But whatever.  We did not dispute it.  We did, however, we feel compelled to let the server know that she made a mistake of bringing out 16 pieces. So we told her upon paying. All she needed to say was sorry, we misundestood each other. But instead, she decided to get defensive and said we ordered a lot of sashimi anyway (so?), she had to charge us extra for the unfinished rice from the sushi... which, btw,  we did not even bring up. Then she grabs whom I shall call crazy old bat (and I assume is the owner). Well, COB began to throw her arms and get all defensive about how 8 means 8 orders of two, and then got all defensive again about the extra charge. Again, we were not disputing it. Just pointing out your error. COB also turned her back to us, pointed at our credit cards in the server's hand, and told the server in this matter-of-fact tone to "just charge them!" then walked away without letting us finish what we had to say. What a psycho. Perhaps there was miscommunication on both our parts, but to be talked down to like that is a whole other issue I am NOT ok with. I am in the service industry and I can't imagine anyone in our company talking to a customer like that and keeping their job.  Bill came to almost $40 per person.  I'm giving this one star because yelp makes you give a minimum of one. Whatever point they scored was quickly taken to a zero with that crap show they gave at the end. EW! Take a hike, hikari.
5	Can you say awesome? I can! I love this place. Not buffet style, they prepare fresh as you order. We did the AYCE for $26.95. Favorite sushi is the Hikari Express = California Roll wrapped w/tuna, covered w/ tempura flakes, smelt row, green onion, & garlic sauce. So Ono (for you Hawaii people). Lots of choices.
1	I was really excited to try this place when my friend told me we were going somewhere that the AYCE included sashimi.... I was skeptical that it seemed too good to be true and I should have trusted my gut, but the prospect of endless sashimi won over and off we went.First thing, there were only 4 of us, and they asked if we wanted to sit at the sushi bar or a table, and we opted for a table so it would be easier for us to share the AYCE family style. They walked us over to a teppanyaki table and sat us down directly next to a couple who were already squeezed into the corner. I must have drawn the short straw, because I ended up basically rubbing elbows with the woman. They sensed the discomfort, too, and ended up telling the server they were leaving (they hadn't ordered anything yet) and left $1 on the table for the tea. This was the second time I should've taken the hint, but we persisted.Then we ordered. There are some items that can't be ordered as sashimi, but we got pretty much everything else sashimi style. There is a limit on the number of oysters and orders of Uni that can be ordered per person, so we initially said bring us the maximum # of uni. I had never tried it before and I suspect this wasn't the best opportunity to try it. After re-thinking how much that would be, we decided to just as for half as much to start- 8 pieces. Well, there must have been a mis-communication because they ended up bringing 16 pieces. At first, we didn't complain because we figured we'd eat it all anyway. Then we realized that the Nori:rice:uni ratio was way off. there was a TON of nori and rice, with a little bit of uni ontop. I tried one and couldn't stomach it. I can't say for sure whether it was a matter of taste, but something about it just tasted OFF to me. (red flag #3). I dismissed it, thinking maybe I just don't like uni, and trudged on. My friends ate all of the pieces, but left a good amount of rice. When they took away the plates, we got a scolding about how we have to eat the rice or we will get charged. It seemed like a warning, so we were diligent the rest of the time, eating all the rice. As it turns out, it was not a warning, and we got charged an additional $3 per person for leaving rice, so we shouldn't have worried about trying to follow the rule after that. The $3 per person seems like a lot, it seems like it should have been related to the price of the roll that the rice came from, but I dunno.The other pieces of fish were just OK. Nothing was really awesome, but nothing was horrible either. The salmon and the soft shelled crab were probably the best items. The takoyaki was also pretty good. The cajun albacore was gross, it was hard and the seasoning tasted off. The oysters were poorly opened, so there were little pieces of shell in most of them. The super white tuna had a bad texture and was really tough. For me, the worst part was at the end, when we were trying to finish what we had ordered (probably a little too much, but what is AYCE without overeating??) we were each muscling down the last few pieces of the worst items... I had the last couple of pieces from the spicy poki and that's when it happened... Maybe it is because the lower quality pieces of fish were used to chop up into the poki, maybe its because it was sitting there for 30 minutes as one of the things we had ordered earlier in the night. Either way, I put a piece of tuna in my mouth and almost threw up- it tasted rotten and I had to spit it out.When that wasn't bad enough, we got the bill... $27/person for AYCE, $3/person for leaving rice, plus tax, plus mandatory 18% gratuity for a party of FOUR or more... ended up being $152 and change (ie. $38 per person). We put in our credit cards willingly, but then told the waitress that for future reference, to be more clear on the orders, because we felt we had not ordered as much Uni as they had brought, and for us, that was the reason that we left the rice. Instead of apologizing, or offering to take of any or all of the rice charge, or even saying 'thanks for letting us know' she got defensive. and rude. and called over the manager, who continued to scold us like bad children, telling us "we had to follow the rules" and that THEY hadn't made a mistake, that WE needed to understand that 8 orders = 16 pieces. (we feel we ordered 8 PIECES, not 8 ORDERS, but who ever said that the customer is always right, anyway??) We even stated "we are not disputing the charge, we just wanted you to know that there was a misunderstanding and that in the future that it could be avoided by double checking the order."Sorry for the long rant, I probably should've stuck with "if something seems too good to be true, it probably is."
1	The sushi is dry, the service was okay, the manager/owner kept on "looking over our shoulders" like a hawk though out the entire time we were eating.  My friend told me once that it was rude to stare at people while they were eating and that always stuck with me.  If you have a party of 4 and over tipping is included- 4 and over?!  If the quality was good and the owner didn't have such a bad attitude I'd be willing to recommend this to my buddies and understand the amount of people required to automatically tip 18%.Overall, this is an establishment that I wouldn't want to support, and that is why I'm writing this review.  Besides the unreasonable owner, bad sushi (the salmon tasted like rubber with uniformed cut up bite sizes, wtf?!  I didnt like it), rude experience, we should have heeded the warning when two customers left without eating.  Probably because the wait was so long to get their food.Hikari, no go!  Sushi Mon is more better, more flavor!
4	After years of searching, this place is still the only place in Vegas that serves a full menu AYCE sashimi.  If you are a raw fish type of person, then this place is heaven.  I suppose the last hand was a teppanyaki place since most of the regular tables configured that way.The raw fish were fresh to some extends when compared with the fish we get at the mountainous region.  We were not big on rolls, and we struck with sashimi most of the meal with apps on the side.  Uni and oysters seem to be popular here, since almost everyone went for them first.  Soft shell crabs and takoyaki made great apps on the side. Customized hand rolls were also good.  Dessert not included, but it was not a big deal for us.Hikari can be a nightmare or a dream come true depends on your take for raw fish.  Service was all right, the chef was not as tentative as other sushi bar we visited before, I suppose table is an alternative, they did have some communication problem when we order things not prepared in the sushi bar.
4	I like this place because its close to home, and they serve sashimi for AYCE!!! So worth it! The service is alright. This time we were sat at the bar but in the back corner and the waitress barely came to take our finished plates...and there was only one sushi chef. Still awesome tho! Try the fried noodles with shrimp! Yummy! Also their "screaming orgasm" that they spell "screen inor Gazim"
3	Came here on labor day weekend after a happy visit last year. Customer services are way better than last time when we came here. sashimi all you can eat is the best. Uni were not as fresh as last time and they DO NOT have fried oyster anymore. overall a good experience but I came for 3 things sashimi, uni, fried oyster, and uni and no more fried oyster really disappointed me.
5	Can't beat this AYCE for just $26.99 and you can skip the rice. Hot dishes are ok, must try soft shell crap, kama. They are willing to custom make your sushi, rolls, and side dishes. Actually Japenese sushi chefs here, i guess more authentic than sushi bar speaks Korean.
5	I've been going here for 3 years and it seems that they're just getting better and better. I love sashimi and this place offers it on their AYCE menu, and theyre not shy giving in a proportional amount. I dig the screem inor gazim, raw oysters and most specially their soft shell crab. The chefs are attentive and accommodating, staffs always smile and checking if everything's ok. The only thing i can point out that i hope they'll include to the AYCE is to have a dessert (even one mochi will do!), but for the reasonable price, im alright with the free Oranges..! :)
1	Never again! We just moved into the area and decided to try them. We took our two daughters so we were a party of 4. The food was just OK. When we received the check they automatically added an 18% gratuity. I called a few days later because I wasn't comfortable with the 18% charge.  The Manager explained to me that they charged 'large' parties the 18% gratuity charge, and they call any party of 4 or more a 'large' party. She said that ALL restaurants consider 4 people a large group. When I told her she was mistaken she asked me to hold. 5 minutes later I hung up. I will go back to my favorite sushi place, KOBI SUSHI!!!
5	My favorite AYCE sushi! Extremely affordable yet still quality fish. Appetizer includes soft shell crab, hamachi kama and fried oyster. highlight: unlimited dozens of raw oyster and uni!!! IMHO the restaurant is THE hidden gem in Vegas. A must try if you have a ride as it's like 15 mins drive from the strip.
4	First time here with family.  Good eats:  banzai roll, yellowtail kama, any hand rolls, bake mussels.  Good and fast service.
5	I jumped on a desktop just to write this review. This place is AWESOME!!! $26~ for all you can eat sushi?? you can't go wrong. Went on a Friday night a couple of hours before closing, it wasn't really busy. Sat at the sushi bar which is supposedly better than sitting at a table. Everything is good! The tuna and salmon sashimi was so fresh! The fried scallop is good too...just try everything! Service was good too. I'll definitely be back EVERY TIME i'm visiting Vegas!Living in Hawaii, there's a lot of sushi places, but this place beats all of them. The fish seemed fresher that it was back home...even though I'm in the middle of the pacific.  Anyways...no second guessing, just go here!
5	We were celebrating a birthday and my sister the non-yelper said that there was a sushi place that would in her words "make you forget your name" and did AYCE sashimi. I said BS no such thing we just go Sushi Koma, one of our usual sushi spots when celebrating something. Well we eventually made it to Hikari after stopping at Sushi Koma and yea we all forgot our names LOL.WTF! I'm sorry but why have I not heard of Hikari before? I love sushi but why am I wasting my valuable stomach space on rice when I can just eat AYCE SASHIMI instead!? You heard that right ALL YOU CAN EAT SASHIMI. You don't have to order nigiri, eat the fish, and hid the rice under the table or in your napkin.Here's the scoop. It's AYCE sushi that's open only for dinner and late nights (5 PM -2 AM) for $26.95 and if your a "good looking lady" you can save a couple dollars after 11 PM. Desserts aren't included in AYCE, that's fine with me I don't care for dessert after doing AYCE sushi unless their dessert is better than their sushi. AYCE sushi includes AYCE sashimi on most of their nigiri items. AYCE has a limit of 1 dozen oysters and 4 orders of uni per person, have those that don't like oysters and uni order them and you eat them. There's a 18% gratuity on parties of 4 or more, gladly pay for it service and food was worth more.From the average 3.5 star ratings I would have thought that Hikari would be just decent sushi but nope. Everything was excellent the quality, the quantity, and the taste. I had some a few Salmon Skin Handrolls throughout the night. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=_P6m1rAyd8oh4l3-_MPVZw#D4KUtQ1Cic50BhCKVmSGtA They are just the right size to shove the entire thing into your mouth, maybe 2 bits, and not too large to second guess ordering, just order it. I have to eat Salmon Skin Handrolls at all sushi spots, I blame Blue Fin LOLI/we also ordered plates and plates of sashimi.  Here's a few plates of some Garlic Tuna, Hamachi, and Salmon Sashimi. Tell me you don't just wanna eat some of that. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=_P6m1rAyd8oh4l3-_MPVZw#_P6m1rAyd8oh4l3-_MPVZw Here's an up close on the Hamachi. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=_P6m1rAyd8oh4l3-_MPVZw#XcRySQzXB1MppLpBwTRe0Q and from the back http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=_P6m1rAyd8oh4l3-_MPVZw#qA5cCBvGJzqrH8ibjEqqtg The quality was there, my mouth is watering. We ordered the oyster too http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=_P6m1rAyd8oh4l3-_MPVZw#rRHD1ConhBDM6q0xC2ShCw They came in "Japanese Style" spicy sauce with green onions. So delicious to bad you can only order a dozen. They were clean and without all that sand and junk that I always see when I get oysters and they were not too small and not too large in size.I also did some nigiri.  Here's some Smoked Salmon and Garlic Tuna Nigiri http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=_P6m1rAyd8oh4l3-_MPVZw#tMwX9pumx2nIY6RcMNDE1w and some Uni and Tamago Nigiri http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/hikari-las-vegas?select=_P6m1rAyd8oh4l3-_MPVZw#pp6kMNdjGZjMaivt2GqMEw All perfect and I didn't even have to use a high quality camera or photoshop. We had more like Kama (Grilled Yellow Tail Collar), multiple orders of Deep Fried Soft Shell Crab, "poki" spicy sashimi salad, shrimp tempura, Agedashi Tofu (Fried Tofu), soups, rolls, edamame, potstickers, dumplings, mussels, etc. We basically had their whole menu but I don't wanna look at anymore pictures because I'm getting hungry.Not needing to eat rice with our seafood made a huge difference, I don't think I even felt that full and I don't think there was even a time limit. We were there for hours and we kept asking each other "they not kicking us out yet. order more!!" LOL. There's a lot of days to celebrate during the next few months, more stops at Hikari are coming in my near future. This is as of now, November 10, 2013 at 5:10 PM my new favorite sushi spot. Oops 5:11 PM.
5	Fantastic AYCE sashimi.... Always fresh and delicious! The Kama is awesome, Uni, Surf Clam, Yellowtail.... I could go on and on. Service is good and everyone is friendly. Only complaint is the last 2 times the Poki salad was no good, It's a shame... It used to be really great. But everything else has remained top notch and delicious!
3	Had the All You Can Eat (AYCE) for $26.95.The awesome:1. Sashimi option (for those that want to get the most for their buck, you can order sashimi instead of nigiri!)2. The sashimi pieces were cut thick! :DThe not-so-awesome:1. Dessert is not included.  (Random tidbit: Goyemon includes dessert in their AYCE).2. Not too sure about the quality of the fish...3. Service was slow.. in the beginning they were good about checking up on you and taking your order.  Half way through, it was like they disappeared.  We had to flag people down to get food and the bill.At the time I thought it was not bad for AYCE.  However, after I tried Goyemon, I would recommend you going there instead.
5	Ate here on my vacation...TWICE.  The highlight of my trip to Vegas!
5	This place had all you can eat sushi which in itself is awesome, but I was shocked at the quality of the sashimi that they had! I loved that they had fresh oysters too and that I could order multiple orders of uni (sea urchin). The pieces of sashimi were really thick, just make sure to ask for sashimi or they will give you nigiri instead, and you probably don't want to fill up on rice! The salmon was so fresh and the tuna was phenomenal as well. Definitely try this place out!!!
1	Not worth for $26.95/ppl all you can eat sushi! Very bad service,  food taste horrible and nasty, food is not fresh at all, oysters have weird smell. Sushi come with huge rice but little sashimi, they gave us food which is not we ordered. and not allow us to order what we want. seems like they are trying to save money and trick the customer. Never come ever again. Such a bad restaurant!!
1	Service is really bad..... we had all u can eat but they limit our order and they gave us a look because we want to order sashimi ....n said there is no miso soup but they gave it to other ppl... the oyster are not fresh I had a stomach ache after... and 18% tips a mandatory but the service is really bad im so dissapointed it was pretty good before but I guess it changed because maybe its a different owner now... really dont recommend this place!!! Watch outtt don't want all of you to have a bad experience...Ps.... btw the oyster and the shell doesnt make sense I think they save up the oyster shell and put can osyter in it ..... because the oyster the oyster doesnt stick to the shell the shape doesnt make sense too
2	This was the first time I have been disappointed with an AYCE Sushi Bar. I would usually go to Goyemon, Sushimon, or Sushi Kaya for AYCE, but today my brother had insisted us to go try this awesome place that he had "proclaimed" about.First off, the sushi rice kept falling apart, good sushi is not suppose to fall apart. The eel sauce was too watery, it should be thicker, thus the crumbling sushi pieces. The food was was not all that great, the yakisoba was too watery, the agedashi tofu had no flavor at all. There were not that many rolls to choose from and the majority of them were just the same but an extra different topping. The fish quality..didnt seem so great. And the worst part of it all, the baked green mussels! It was fairly dry and not as awesome as the ones I have tasted before. All in all....just disappointed.As far as service goes, It was quite horrible. They were very unorganized, we sat at the bar and as we ordered, we kept having to remind them, if not, the order would not come. I had to order a few items more than once because they would just keep forgetting. Total disappointment I do not plan on coming here again.
1	This is my first time dining here. My friends have been raving about how good this place is so I decided to try it with other friends who have eaten here before. Prior arrival, me and friends noticed their rating has gone down but we didn't care much, and now we know why. We had all you can eat sushi. One of my friends said their oysters are really good so he ordered 2 dozens at one time. He regretted after the first bite. He said its not as fresh and sauce is bad. I don't wanna list all the stuff we ordered. All I can say is there's more cons than pros.  Pros 1. There's an option to get sashimi instead of sushi(with rice)2. Server is friendly 3. Salmon is fresh 4. takes reservationCons1. a lot of orders were not fresh that day 2. server got confused and gave us the wrong amount of orders 3. the seats are too close to other people. Feels like we are all eating at the same table4. Less items on the menu then similar restaurants 5. Ordered 4 sea urchin sushis. 2 of them appeared to be dark brown, and 2 of them were gold. I mean....at least give us sea urchins of the same color so we don't notice how not fresh they are! Bottom line, wont come back again!!
5	Wow . This is the best AYCE I ever had. Sashimi so fresh . They don't have that many rolls like the other but they still have a lot to order. Win rolls and Hikari express is what I recommend . Soft shell crab and takoyaki are also good. The services were awesome. I didn't see any bad thing here. May be somebody over expect too much.For AYCE $26.95 it the best than everywhere I went. Definitely come back for regular Customer .
5	My favorite AYCE sushi in Vegas. It is the only place that I know that you can actually order sashimi. There isn't a huge roll menu but the fish is fresh and can't beat sashimi. The oysters are a little briny if you like that and comes with sarchia and ponzu. I'll be back!
5	We enjoy coming to Hikari for AYCE.  I am surprised by some of the comments about the food not being fresh because we have always experienced the opposite.  We are recreational fishermen from Hawaii and recognize that unless we catch it ourselves, you will not find seafood as fresh in Hawaii.  (They ship it out almost immediately to every-other-place on the globe.)Nimo and her husband are the owners, they have always engaged us in conversation as we have visited frequently. We prefer to sit at the sushi bar because we are able to order directly from the sushi chef and our food is served up almost before you can finish explaining what it is that you want to eat.My personal favorites are the uni and ikura, because at home they are outrageously priced.  My husband and I both commented that on our last visit, 12-09-13, the uni was exceptionally sweet and buttery.  Yes, there are color variations with uni, but that does not necessarily mean that the darker it is the older it is.I love their hamachi and prefer it nigiri rather than sashimi.  I found that the fish was always hiding the sushi rice below as the slices were generous and eating it in proper fashion, I place the entire piece into my mouth at once.  I've tried a few other sushi-type places in Vegas, but I would always return to Hikari.  My only other comment was that the sauce on the oysters this visit was a little less seasoned, but then again, I was getting on a plane in a few hours and thought twice before ordering them.  They were not a problem as they were fresh.Being somewhat experienced with seafood, we understand that it takes only one bad piece to create havoc on the rest and anyone's gastrointestinal tract and fortunately that has not happened to us after dining at Hikari.My conclusion, the desert ships, flies, trucks in their seafood and I have not been disappointed because it has probably only been out of the water 2-3 days tops.  Back home, unless you caught it yourself, it's probably closer to 5-6 days out of the water, as the exports and top restaurants get the freshest catches.As for dessert, I enjoy their tempura ice cream.  It may not move mountains, but it is a nice meal ending, palate cleansing treat.
1	worst service ever. i have been here for 20 mins, and no one came to host us. i asked the girl from cashier, and she kept saying a moment without answering any question. I understand it is holiday season, but hosting ppl in waiting list is one bottom line. plz hire more hands
1	Where's the 0 star option?!  How bout adding a negative star option with a link to the better business bureau??  Absolute worst restaurant experience my family and I have ever had!  initially came in and asked how long to be seated.  They said soon.  That means 40 min w NOBODY in front of us after 5 min??  Should have heard the foodie gods and to that bad omen.  Our family of 6 finally get sat and get to order after sitting there for 20 min....seriously just to put our initial order in.  Half the apps come in 10 min, then we sit.  And sit.  And look at each other.  And sit.  And look at our watches.  And whistle.  And I ask if we can get food.  And sit and after another 45 min, waitress comes back and asked if we could....REORDER?!!!!  My family is upset and so I ask if manager will come out and he and the waitress tell me we should be more understanding.  I said, "really? You wouldn't even feed my 6 yr old cousin this entire time."  Poor kid had to sit there without her first app even.  They didn't care and wanted to charge us for apps.  "If you don't want to pay just get out of here then" and "we don't care about yelp if you write bad review."  Waitress was RUDE, manager was INCOMPETENT!  Famiy next to us said they should have left too and broke out into applause when we decided to take a stand against these sushi tyrants.  Many of the positive yelp reviews on here besides the elite yelpers are fake reviews.  If you're reading this and have had or will have a bad experience here, please post a review!!!  And like my review.  They said they didn't care anyhow.  Go anywhere else for sushi or teppan!!
1	To yelpers, feel free to look at many many of the other very negative reviews.  It's no coincidence.  Absolute worst restaurant experience ever.  Please see previous review as manager is now trying to fool yelpers.  If I was given $100 comp, I'd burn it.  I was merely trying make management aware of some common sense business etiquette.  watch out!  Beware!! Keep away!!  Why go here when there are so many much better rated options so nearby?!!  #dontfallforit #kitchennightmares #restaurantimpossible
5	You know, I try new places but I keep coming back to Hikari.  The food quality (which is great) is consistent and so is the service.The AYCE has both sushi and hot items like shrimp tempura (or combination vegetable and shrimp) and geso (calamari).  The uni (sea urchin) is now limited to 4 orders (8 pcs) and there is a limit to how many oysters you can order as well.  Either way,  the "limits" on these items are definitely within reason.  Who's gonna eat that much of one thing anyhow? lol.Sashimi is still part of the AYCE and that's something not offered at most AYCE places.I know this one is a little short but I've already written a review for Hikari a few years back.  Things haven't really changed.  I still like this place! :)
1	SERVICE IS SO BAD!  This is NOT a true 'all you can eat' sushi bar.  I ordered sushi and 2 hours later they came out with rolls.  I didn't order rolls, I enjoy sushi.  They said I have to wait all over again if I want my sushi.  What a ripoff..Then I came on here to write a review, and noticed this has happened to a lot of people!  How pathetic of a restaurant, to push out old food or filling food, to save the quality sushi and save money.  $27 + a guaranteed 18% gratuity tip...NO THANKS!
5	Good place to have sashimi, sushi, oysters and soft shell crabs as part of all you can eat. The service is good, the waitress Pattie is very attentive and always takes our next order when we are done our plates.This is the only all you can eat sushi restaurant we eat in Las Vegas as a local resident !
4	If you like real Japanese style sushi, as opposed to the standard Korean owned (99% of the places in Vegas), you will like this place. The menu selection is small, but everything we tried was fresh tasting. They buy good quality items that haven't been colored to look all pretty in the case.  Yest tuna is supposed to look dark blood red and not pink red. The place is old and definitely needs an update, but the place is authentic. The only limits to the AYCE is for Uni (4 or 5 orders I can't remember) and oysters (a dozen). Those are per person. Everything can be ordered from your sushi chef who will either tell the kitchen or the waitress. We sat at the sushi bar and the service was fast and friendly. I'm not sure I would like it at the tables, which are the unused hibachi tables. People complained the food tasted bland, but if they knew real Japanese sushi instead of the Vegas Korean owned places, they would know that it's about the fish and not drowning everything in vinegar and eel sauce. I thought it was hilarious someone complained about the oysters not being stuck to the shells...they are not supposed to be if they are shucked properly. No, this is not the best place ever, but it's good authentic Japanese sushi for a decent AYCE price. The highlights for us were, the uni, oysters, screaming O, poki, spicy tuna, salmon skin hand roll, soft shell crab, and mixed sashimi.
2	I used to love this place. But it seems that service is getting worse and worse by the day.. There's one chef that seems to have an attitude every time I see him (chubby with glasses). They take forever to make your order & when you order too much, they don't serve it.. Only good thing about this place is the fact that you can order more than 1 uni sashimi at this place.
4	Born and raised in Hawaii, moved out here and never ate sashimi for over a year...this place is all you can eat and its good, the hamachi kama and sashimi was good as well, The settings is cool too because the chef can cook right infront of you.
3	I'm almost tempted to give this place 4 stars, just because it's that much better than Yama Sushi (1 star). However, this place is just slightly above average, so I guess it deserves an A-OK.The sashimi isn't the freshest, but the quality is still not bad considering we're so far from the ocean. Some of the pieces did taste a bit bland, but the staples of salmon and tuna were good.Even though the sashimi was just slightly above average, the hand rolls were actually pretty exceptional. While the salmon didn't taste that great in a nigiri or as a stand-alone, the salmon hand rolls were pretty superb and easily the best thing I ate in this restaurant.While everything was just average, they do offer a dozen oysters per person for the AYCE and I think it was 6 pcs of uni per person. While the uni didn't exactly have that fresh out of the water flavor, it still tasted pretty good and you're also getting a good amount for $26 (I've been to other $20 AYCE sushi places that limit customers to like 1-2 pcs of uni per person).Definitely not a bad place to go if you're looking for sushi in Vegas, although it's a bit pricey. Personally, I'm gonna be on the lookout for a better go-to place.
4	My mom and I go here on the regular when they open. Otherwise it's harder to get a seat at the bar, even on week days. Nigiri is ahmahzing but I skip on the white fish (way too dry). They have a lot of options for people who don't like raw fish too. Calamari, soft shell crab, oysters, fried scallops, etc. all of which have been great everytime.I recommend the salmon nigiri and garlic tuna. TO DIE FOR. Melts in your mouth. They do put a bit too much rice for my taste, but it still taste great. And the service is ok.
3	9pm last minute dinner for a total of 5 adults and 3 kids, on Valentines Day..  only 20 minutes to wait for a table, not bad!!  So it's an AYCE Sushi bar that offers SASHIMI on their menu..  Where else can you eat all you want SASHIMI???  and let me tell you...  The raw fish was all really good, the cuts were perfect.  We had a few rolls that were decent, nothing to brag about though...  The Soft Shell Crab was really a hit.  Do not order that hamachi Kama, very dry and yuck!  and as if the sushi chefs do not know what Toro sashimi is????  They offered Toro on the AYCE sashimi menu!!!  what!!??  yes!!  I ate about what should've been 500 bucks worth of "MELT IN YOUR MOUTH" Toro sashimi..  The only complaint is that the place looks very run down and dirty.. Bathrooms were disgusting!  floors looked like they haven't been cleaned in years..
4	whoa...they actually have good food outside of the strip!!! I was technically off the strip virgin after I came to hikari. This is the first restaurant I ever tried something off the strip since most of the time, I just stay at the strip with the exception of eating at RIO, Palms, South Coast, or M ...I don't think I ever ate in Downtown...The sushi at the buffets usually suck, they're usually not fresh and not made by sushi chefs. I try to avoid all types of sushi or shashimi when I'm at those places. For AYCE, I come here. The last time I went it was $25 per person. I'm just sad that this place only opens at night. That means need to go on the day before leaving Vegas :(The place is usually packed. However, you can either do the sushi side or the tempanyaki side (I think that's what it's called) I never actually do that...I only go to the sushi side. I usually get full with the rice so they accomodate and can give you the shashimi only. I don't think they limit the amount of uni or oysters you can get because I've done six and a dozen (respectively) each time but you kind of get sick after a lot of it. Sick it a good way lol. or they don't really pay attention since you just start calling out to the sushi chefs if you want something and don't write anything down.Overall a must go if you don't want to eat at the Strip!
4	We dine in here every other week & this place never dissapoint us :) best hamachi kama :) sashimi great people & awesome service !!! The only thing about it though is that "dessert" is not included but after enjoying those delicious food i dont think you'll have room for dessert :)
1	this place "used" to be my favorite sushi AYCE place since I moved to Vegas.even though I don't eat sashimi, I still come here quite often since my gf loves sushi and uni. I even have their Hikari cap from my birthday.And yet, I still decided to give them a one-star? There must be good reasons.So I went last night (3/13) for my girlfriend's birthday dinner.We arrived around 7pm, store was quite empty, we sat at the sushi bar.Service:The waitress was ok. But the chief never really greeted us but was watching TV most of the time. I understand it wasn't busy but had get his attention to order something every time was annoyed. When he finished making the food, he just stick his arm out the bar for you to catch it. And without saying "excuse me" or "your (roll) is ready", I had food almost in my mouth, I had to shove all the food in my mouth, hurry down my chopsticks to grab the plate in front of my face. Food:This is the main reason that upset me. The food wasn't as good as our previous visits. The oysters were so tiny, the fried scallops were smaller with thicker and harder crust. My girlfriend's uni look dark and not fresh.HERE COMES THE BEST PART, later that night I stayed up in the restroom for most of the night until the next morning having crazy diarrhea. (at least 6 times)You may question this may be caused by other food I had other than Hikari, but no, I did not eat anything else yesterday since I woke up late and was expecting for a great AYCE time...Comparing with what my girlfriend had (she was fine), I had Eel sushi and Yummy rolls that she didn't eat, so I am pretty sure it's either one of them.Anyway, the service was not pleasant, the food quality dropped, and the food poison was a nightmare (I barely can work at the convention today). It's a shame to say goodbye to one of my favorite place and not coming back again.
5	Love this place! I love sashimi and it's surprisingly fresh here. Living in Hawaii I was skeptical at how good this place was since it was outside of the strip. Love the AYCE price, can't beat it. Everything is good from the hamachi, Toro, hotate, soft shell crab, uni and oysters on the half shell! I always make it a point to come here when I'm in sin city. Sushi chefs are cool too.
4	Hikari is amazing! For my dad's birthday everyone except the baby did the all you can eat and that was a good decision. All of their sushi is really delicious. Except I cried because they were out of Takoyaki at 9pm. I definitely recommend doing the all you can eat. It's a great place for any kind of get together. The night before my parents actually attended a business meeting and stayed there until the wee hours of the morning. Or so I'm told.
4	Only place in Vegas that has AYCE sashimi! The restaurant itself looks outdated and old but I honestly just care for the sashimi, oysters and soft shell crab! Service can be improved upon but overall good.
4	Pretty good all-you-can-eat sushi spot! Everything I tried off the menu was yummy, but my favorites were the Philadelphia Roll and the Deep Fried Scallops. I would eat here again.
5	They have all you can eat sashimi. The quality of food is excellent every time I come here. However customer services is ok. There is always room for improvement. I will still come back next.
5	I wish we had a place like this at home! Sure there are plenty of AYCE sushi restaurants in Orange County but nothing even close to as good as this place. The quality and variety of options were great and I loved that we were able to just place our order to the chef. Other places we've been to make you write it down and wait forever to get your food. This place was on top of it! Super fast service.
3	Came here because we felt like getting sushi, sashimi, nigiri rolls. Yes and it is AYCE. Wow never thought I would say that. Feels like Japaense AYCE is hard to come by these days since they are usually over priced! But for $27.95 a person.. that's not bad. Basically if you order three rolls+ you got your money's worth. But ladies! If it's after 11PM, you are only $24.95. Anyways for the AYCE, you'll have to sit at the sushi bar... which we all know sushi bars are pretty cramped and you're basically elbowing your next door neighbor. That's one down side. And if you're going to order a lot, there is no space. Space is limited! So order one at a time. But that's how they get you because if you do that you fill up quicker (;Let's talk about the food first... let's be real here. Where the heck can you get fresh seafood in Vegas when you are surrounded by dessert. So this is definitely not the freshest sushi/sashimi/nigiri you will get. So you should really check what you're eating. I mean double check or triple check before you eat. I didn't find anything wrong with the raw fish. So the sashimi, nigiri, and sushi rolls were pretty flavorful. I tried each of their nigiri rolls and ah it is definitely worth it. They do layer on the sauce on their rolls. So if you're not a huge fan of sauce, I definitely recommend the nigiri rolls. So worth it if you have the AYCE. Or you can always order half rolls. Appetizers are the standard. Calamari, oysters, mussels, edamame, etc. They are okay. Very typical. Service: It's okay. I think we had to flag down our waiter/waitress a couple times to get refills of our water/hot tea. That was pretty annoying. The food came out relatively fast, but you can definitely tell that the sushi chefs were in a daze. Sometimes they didn't hear what we ordered and sometimes they did. It was a hit or miss. But it was okay. I survived it. Yes the rolls sometimes fell apart due to sloppiness, but it was still decent.I still give this place 3-stars because food was decent.. but then again... I should probably reconsider as I did see a baby cockroach roaming around the sushi bar. But so far, I haven't gotten sick and it's been a couple of days..
4	We arrived around 7:00 p.m. on a Tuesday night, and there was no wait.  We were seated at the sushi table, but there were plenty of other tables inside.  Be aware that you are sitting at a table with other people though.  Imagine either being at a sushi table or at a teppanyaki restaurant.  Your conversations will be overheard.We sat down and stated that we were doing AYCE ($26.99/each). Beverages and desserts are not included.  AYCE means AYCE except for fresh oysters and uni.  Everyone gets 12 fresh oysters and 4 orders of uni (2 per order).  The two of us had a TOTAL of 2 oysters and 4 orders of uni :D  I know people complain about the limit, but I think that's still a lot!  The young lady next to me ordered her uni with a raw quail egg on it, but I was too scared to try it; I was already trying uni for the first time!  And yes, I liked it.Here's what the two of us ate:6 orders of sashimi salmon (5 slices each order, but we got more than that after the first time) - this was yummy except for our last plate of salmon sashimi didn't taste as fatty as all the other pieces - I don't think it was because of freshness but more of which part the salmon it was4 orders of uni (2 pieces each order)-  as mentioned earlier, this was my first time, and I enjoyed it except for the last piece that tasted slightly bitter; I wished it came with seaweed and rice though 1 order of oysters (2 each order) - came with a spicy sauce1 salmon skin salad - the lettuce and cucumber were very fresh; the skin was a little mushy, not crispy as I imagined1 spicy poke - not very spicy; came with several different fish and lots of seaweed salad1 combo sashimi (tai, tuna, Hamachi, and salmon) - this was good, but the salmon was still the best1 dynamite (came flaming - a mix of seafood and veggies topped w/cheesy sauce that was slightly sweet while I was expecting savory) - this was addictingly yummy although the burnt broccoli was a little bitter and possible carcinogenic :D3 orders of unagi (2 pieces an order)- unagi on rice; yummy1 order salmon roe (2 pieces each order) - average salmon roe, can't say anything more1 order soft shell crab1 order tempura combo (2 each of shrimp, carrot, broccoli and 1 onion and 1 mushroom)1 order tempura seafood  (2 each of shrimp, fish, squid)1 order tempura shrimp (4)1 order gyoza (3 and came with sauce) - disappointed that it was fried in oil, not pan fried/steam1 shumai (3 and came w/creamy sauce) - this was pretty goodOrdered individually, this would have cost $200.95.  Even if the retail cost was exaggerated, if I cut that down to 50% off, it would still be at $100, so I'm going to say that I got my money's worth!  :)We were not greeted right away by a hostess when we arrived as they were all doing something, but a bus boy managed to get someone's attention, and we were led to our table.  The sushi chef greeted us and took our order the entire night. In the beginning, it was a little difficult to get his attention when he was looking down to make food for others, but later on, he'd look up at us periodically, and we'd give our orders to him.  He even has a sense of humor.  Our water was refilled by the ladies who were serving the other tables and our food plates taken away periodically, but we never had to look for them.  When we finally admitted defeat, we asked the server for our check, which promptly came.  This was a great deal for the price.  The service was pretty good - I don't know about everyone else in the restaurant, but the sushi chefs were Japanese.  I would return as this seems to be the only restaurant that is AYCE sashimi!
5	Having lived in Vegas for over a decade now, I have gotten used to an AYCE sushi spot on every corner. Some have time limits, most require you to consume all rice, and none that I'm aware of besides Hikari allows you to order SASHIMI on the AYCE menu with few to no restrictions. In my 10 years in Las Vegas, I have probably visited in excess of 30 sushi bars, and though we probably drive by at least 15-20 sushi places on the way to Hikari, we make the 16 mile trek across town about once a month because the quality, variety, options, and atmosphere simply cannot be beat. The vast majority of the time, the wife and I dine at the sushi bar. They also offer a teppenyaki side for the full Benihana experience, but the sushi bar is truly where it's at. The sushi chefs are quick and can handle a full bar with ease. Don't be shy, just start ordering as soon as you take your seat. They are open exclusively for dinner, from5pm until 2 or 3am I believe. After 11pm, "Good looking ladies" get a couple of bucks off the AYCE price ($26.95 last I checked). The only restrictions are when it comes to multiple orders of raw oysters in the half she'll and Uni (sea urchin). Sea urchin is limited to 2 orders (4 pieces) per person and I believe it's 1 dozen oysters per person. No restrictions on time or eating the rice (which is really a moot point since you can order most fish sashimi style, including salmon, tuna, albacore, etc. Though desserts are not included on the AYCE menu, appetizers are included and enable you to order things like shrimp tempura, fried tofu, ahi poke, and salmon skin salad to your hearts content. The speciality roll menu is a little small compared to other AYCE places, but like I said, the fresh quality of the fish and the ability to get sashimi more than makes up for it. Plus, you can order custom designed rolls if you choose (just perhaps be mindful of the extra effort required and consider leaving an extra cash tip to the sushi bar chefs).Overall, Hikari is a phenomenal value and what we consider to be the be all end all of AYCE sushi restaurants in Las Vegas. It's worth a cab ride if you're a tourist and if you're a local, get down there ASAP. You won't be disappointed. Enjoy!
5	Where else can you get all you can eat SASHIMI for less than $30!? I only go here for the all you can eat sushi because the quality of the fish and the service is so fast! I probably come here twice a month to satisfy my sushi cravings. I went here for their teppan yaki and it was decent. I am not a big fan, but it was still good and the prices are very reasonable!I also went here for my boyfriend's birthday. They were so nice. They gave him a funny shirt, sang to him and gave him free dessert. I know a lot of restaurants do that, but we didn't ask them to do it and it was all on the server. I forgot her name, but she was fast with service and very professional.This is my favorite sushi place! It is a must-try! It gets pretty busy, but well worth it.
1	I got food poison from here. I ate just 3 oysters and 2 days later I got sick for 1week. The restaurant was old and dirty. I even could not use restroom. I'm sacred to go back there to eat.
1	I read the reviews prior to trying this place out. We gave this place a benefit of the doubt & it sure kicked our a**.My husband and I with our 2 kids decided to go tonight for Mothers Day...We walked in and stood for 10 min as all the employees walked by...then I walked up to the register and still no one gave notice, I had to butt into 2 waitresses conversation to be acknowledged. You don't want to be rude where you are about to dine :) As we waited we seen how this place was very filthy. There registered was piled with receipts, paper & trash and where we sat and waited (looked like bar section) was piled with dirty cups from one end to the other...I have no idea how they received  an (A) on their health inspection! When we were seated we seemed to have a "nice" waitress but very neglectful! No refills, no napkins, no kids chopsticks & our dishes piled....customer service kind of sucked. Husband and I did AYCE and kids got kids teriyaki meal. With that being said.....their sashimi was not good nor was their food & our mussels we ordered always came out cold. The icing on the cake was when we received our bill there was 18% gratuity already added on our party of "4". Now being in Vegas tipping should be mandatory especially if you receive great customer service but typically an automatic gratuity is usually with a group of 5-6 or more! It's okay though, we will NEVER dine here again! Worst ever!!! Don't make the same mistake we did....just skip it! You get what you pay for here. I'd rather pay more to get quality food ESPECIALLY SUSHI!
2	We ordered sushi for pickup from Hikari. When we arrived we found out the price was 50% more than what was on the menu online and the rolls were pretty small. They were rudely nice enough to refund our order and we went someplace else nearby. It might be fine as an all you can eat place since inflated sticker prices and smaller portions always make you feel like you are getting a better deal when you eat 4 "$15" "rolls" but it makes for a pretty terrible a la carte experience.
4	Came here for the first time and we really enjoyed it. Did all you can eat sushi but really came just for the sashimi and we were not disappointed. Garlic Tuna, Cajun Albacore, Smoked Salmon, Hamachi, Saba...  everything was amazing and very fresh.Gyoza was also super tasty.  We were pleasantly surprised as this little place is like a hole in the wall. I see some bad reviews here but we must have come on a great night, fish was extremely fresh.All you can eat for two people, plus two bottles of house sake and two large beers were $90 before tip~
4	Came here on Thurs late night so it wasn't too crowded. Awesome quality, nigiri sushi, sashimi, rolls, and other goodies all you can eat for less than $30 bucks? I'd be eatting here all the time if i was a local. A little bit off of the strip, but no biggie if you got a rental car.
3	This was always one our "go to" places for AYCE sushi in Las Vegas. This was the first time back here in two years and they lost a star for me.  The quality of the fish wasn't as fresh as it use to be. The service went down as well.  The waitresses tend to walk by quickly with their heads down, so they don't have to stop to take orders! Wth? The good points were that we still got our food pretty quick once our order has been put in,...but good luck stopping the staff to order more.     SushiMon tops Hikari for AYCE for overall quality and service!
4	This is one of my fav sushi spots in Vegas.  Oysters, uni soft shell crab, poke...yum!  One thing I have found is that you get your food faster if you sit at a table not the bar.  The sushi chefs are too busy to remember what you ordered
5	This is my top 3 favorite buffet at Vegas... My friend introduce this place to me 4years ago and I have came here more than 20 times ...... Great place with lots of selecting on sushi sashimi and cut roll. Oyster is always good and uni sushi is excellent!
1	Food poison~  Watch out.  This used to be my favorite place when visiting Vegas.  However, the service has gone far and beyond down to be unbearable.  Til about one year or two years ago, uni was still AYCE.  So, they changed to 2 orders, 4 pieces per person.  That's all right.  I started to read into the menu once warned by the chef when I placed my second order of my uni.  I mean, he literally had to be rude enough to say "This is your last order, ok?"  I mean, I didn't know, all right?  It was the smallest print on the very bottom of the menu.  If you want customers to know, advertise it large enough so that before I placed AYCE order, I know my limitations, and I can leave without being baited by your trick.  Ok, then, I noticed the oysters also have the limit that per person, they allow you to have 12 oysters each.  We have party of two, so we should be allowed 24 oysters.  The first order -4 pieces.  The second order 6 pieces.  Then, third order, 6 pieces.  So, do the math, we still have 8 pieces to go.  Then, come the time we were ordering the last 8 pieces, the chef who has been neglecting us the whole time (he was so busy watching the baseball games on TV and attended to some Caucasian customers), shouted, "I think you only have 6 pieces left."  Then, he went ahead and gave the 6 pieces to us.  WTF.  If you don't want people to order things from your menu, don't offer them.  Disclose this and lock your food up in the closet.  Then, I can easily walk away to get something else that's far better than what you have.   Two chef, throughout the time NEVER EVER asked us what we would like.  We had to call them a few times to catch their attention.  The guy who looked Filipino was especially rude and lacking the chef skill.  Apparently, he is a new chef and perhaps that's why he couldn't even give us any sashimi dishes that weren't messed up.  The just wasn't cut right and all the pieces were still connected when he served sashimi to us.  One plate, he was about to give to me, he pulled it back from my hand and yelled, "I forgot the sauce."  Who cares if there is no sauce?  Just give to me the sauce.  You don't give the customers the plates and then pulled them back from customers' hands, ok?  On top of countless rude behavior they had, after I left, I had food poison from the sushi the whole night and couldn't help thinking, "Thank goodness that they limit the amount you can order of oyster and uni", or, the poison would be even more serious....What a nightmare.   Really, do yourself a favor by going elsewhere...
3	Serves dinner only. They open at 5pm till 2am. Waiters are little slow on picking up orders. We have to remind them twice. Over all good place for sushi fanatics.......
1	Tried this place for the first time to see what other places are out there. Inside seems so old/outdated, sticky-ish, half ass repaired. I can only imagine what the cooking stations look like. We did not know who our server was? Everyone seems to be doing their own thing, not to mention rude when needed something. Their sushi tasted sooo weird with big weird chunk cuts. Never gonna go back!!! Save your $26.95 and go somewhere else. Their ayce menu sucks.
4	I had to do some research before my trip to Vegas this past weekend because my friend and I wanted to find an AYCE sashimi restaurant.  There might be a few other restaurants out there that do this, but this was the only one that I saw many comments about the AYCE sashimi.  We arrived, got our rental car, and we were off to find this restaurant.  It was a 15 minute drive from the Mandalay Bay side of the Strip.  You could do a la carte here, but why?  The reason you should come here is if you have a big appetite and you want to eat a lot of sushi/sashimi.  My friend doesn't eat rice so we ate sashimi all night.  There were many options for us to choose from and I thought for an AYCE restaurant, the quality was pretty good.  Don't expect the high end cuts of fish you find at the elite Japanese sushi bars.  Instead, expect fresh fish and a lot of it.  We didn't bother with any of the rolls.  You can read other people's reviews for that.  We also ate many of the appetizers and I think we both agreed the frallops were the tastiest of all of the appetizers.  This isn't a buffet style kind of restaurant.  You order as you go.  I think it is easiest if you belly up to the sushi bar rather than sit at a table.  Very affordable and no problems with parking.  A local couple did mention to us that this place is often crowded when they open up for dinner.  We went around 8 pm and had no problem getting seated quickly.  I will be back!
2	Well .. the year has made me think differently.We've gone once per month, on average .. most recently last night July 12, 2014.The place is on the 'filthy' side ..  When you walk in, it 'smells' from the grey carpet that is grossly stained .. maybe a monthly carpet cleaning can take care of that?But really .. sitting at the sushi bar was disgusted to see someone else's old food on the menu, on the 'wall' underneath the sushi display case .. if you look behind the two containers of soy sauce (regular and low sodium) you will find evidence they fail to wipe the counter down .. good thing the chopstix are throw aways .. looking around it becomes painfully obvious they are not concerned with cleaning ..We've been coming here for the year because we prefer to eat fish, not rice .. but we heard the people next to us ahem 'reminded' by the female sushi chef to eat all their rice, or else they would be charged for it. And, they were Japanese and, to their credit, tried to speak English.  It was interesting.  They asked her about roe .. everyone knows what roe is .. she said to them, mockingly "Roe?"  what kind?  and they said "Any kind" .. I pointed out to them on the menu where Roe was .. Twice she told them to 'look at the menu' .. it was on the rude side - no reason for it.And last night, I specifically asked if they had any yellowtail or yellowfin belly .. She said no.  Ten minutes later, another group seated to our right with the other chef asked for same, and was told yes .. and he served it to them.  Don't know the chefs names - they don't wear name tags, nor do they make it a point to be friendly .. This may well have been our final visit.  YMMV
5	We visited Hikari on July 11.  Friends told us about the 26.95 all you can eat sushi and sashimi.  Our family loves raw fish so we thought we would enjoy it.  It was better than expected.  You can order as much sushi as you want, and if you choose you can just have plates of sashimi without the rice served to you.  I thought the quality might be lacking because of the price, but it was better than the Kaitin sushi places in Hawaii.  The Hamachi was as good as I've had in Japan.  You can also order sides such as Takoyaki, miso soup, gyoza, and many other things.  My husband and son ate so much, I think the restaurant was happy when we left.  I will be back on our next trip to Las Vegas.
2	I was really rootin and tootin for the AYCE sashimi underdog, but...Hikari's fish quality had a slight fishy aftertaste that coated my taste buds and wouldn't let go. Also, I just couldn't get past the irregular, sloppy, square cuts, with browning sides, on the sashimi. It all lacked the sweetness and moistness that I came to love in fresh quality fish.I have come to the realization that I am a hard core snob when it comes to the freshness of my seafood. It needs to meet these criteria in order for me to be happy: fresh, sweet, buttery, and tender. After I sampled the disappointing sushi rolls, nigiri loaded with dense rice, fishy oysters, fishy sashimi, far from fresh uni, and weird tiny ama ebi that wasn't sweet at all, I stuck to the (cooked) dishes that were safe on my stomach and didn't offend my taste buds.My favorites of the night:- Miso soup - I had 5 consecutive bowls! The miso was piping hot and perfect. (Might also be because I was hungry and the fish was questionable).- Fried soft shell crab - squirt some lemon on it and dip it in ponzu! I loved the light batter and the crispiness of these. - Baked mussels - they weren't plump or juicy as other places would make them, but they did the job. - Dynamite - Great flavor but made 99% of vegetables and about 4 tiny pieces of scallop. Flavor was there though! - Some of the poke salad - half of it tasted refreshing and well seasoned with the seaweed and cucumbers, but there were also some bad cuts of fish thrown in the mix :/For $27 AYCE, I really felt that I was extremely limited on what I could order. All you can eat sashimi was a lie. It's way too dry and fishy to be considered sashimi (in my books). Also, they seriously packed the dense rice bricks underneath each nigiri and no dessert!? :(I ate like a little birdy here (highly unlike me). I suppose it's kind of ideal to eat at a not so stellar place from time to time - It forces me eat a normal portion of food and not try to stuff myself to the brim. (Trust me, I would of kept the food coming if it was delicious!) So in the end, I suppose my belly wins.
4	This place is one of the rare AYCE sushi restaurants that have AYCE sashimi. Only that fact already deserves ! 1 more  for the uni, oysters and soft-shell crabs!The food was good, the sushi chef was quick at making our order, and the service was standard. A few complaints were that Uni and Ikura were not much in each sushi; and all the good stuffs were limited per person: 1 dozen oyster, 4 orders of Uni, and 1 soft-shell crabs per person. Keep track of your orders because they did short count our Uni orders! Overall this is a good place to try if you are near or in las vegas!
1	Got to enjoy a couple pretty tasty orders of garlic tuna and albacore, not too bad. Then ordered a "The Win" roll, also, not too bad. Got halfway through my Win roll when a wandering cockroach walked across my plate... I rest my case.
1	Beware.. Dont let this establishment fool you.. It seems like your getting a good deal, but actually your not.. The quality of fish is very bad. Dont waste your money and get sick to pay more for your doctor bill.. Sushi mon is the real deal..
4	Still the ONLY AYCE in town that serves sashimi (not including sea urchin and sweet shrimp anymore). Priced at $26.95 per person (auto gratuity for parties larger than 4). A lot of the workers are new. I only recognize one of the 3 chefs at the bar from my last visit (end of last year). Not even sure if its owned by the same person anymore. Used to be owned by a chef that used to work at the sushi bar. Then later spotted just walking around. Now, who knows. LolFish quality is pretty fresh. Sashimi combo (included in ayce) is a combination plate consisting of salmon, tuna, yellowtail, and white fish (i might be missing one ...). few slices of each thing. Don't expect a good presentation because it won't be. The sweet shrimp are VERY small (small enough that they require two shrimps per nigiri). Sea urchin quality was ok. Look wise, it looked horrible. Taste, was decent. Slightly sweet. Quality ranges at this restaurant for the sea urchin. If you had it good once, it may not be good the next time (poor QC on sea urchin). As mentioned, sashimi is not included for sea urchin and sweet shrimp, as well as unagi, so they had to be ordered nigiri style. Their rice portion is HUGE. Like its almost difficult to put entire nigiri piece into your mouth. I'm not particular saying im in favor for those who have a huge piece of fish and a small amount of rice (like a lot of AYCE sushi places in So Cal) but proportions is important. They completely had it opposite. HUGE rice, small fish. Not a fan of their rice recipe either. Really sticky and falls apart easily (due to size too). Appetizers range from the usual tempura and hamachi kama (yellowtail collar) to the more rarely seen soft-shelled crabs. Their roll selection is not that big (in comparison to other AYCE places like sushi mon, goyemon, or even twister) but eh... not much of a roll eater anyway. Service is pretty good. Very attentive on drinks (water and tea) as well as empty plates being removed fairly fast. This place is still my parents, and some family's favorite restaurant to go to because they are not much of a rice eater (in terms of nigiri)I still wont try the raw oysters though. Despite how "fresh" they may say it is. Many times (not myself) i have seen/heard others complaining about stomach aches/food poisoning after eating the raw oysters. I'm not a raw oyster fan to begin with so I avoid it naturally. I've ate with a group who all but myself had tried the oysters and they all had stomach problems. And i didnt. Which gave us the conclusion its the oysters. Try at your own risk. Though i have had tried the oysters and not had a problem myself.
4	My friend took me here for the all you can eat sashimi and I really liked it. I've been here a few times now but I forget to check-in at times. The first time we went there, I discovered a roach so my friend killed it. They gave us free dessert, lol. I was hoping for, hey half off your meal or something. Anyways, the sashimi is pretty yummy (second time I came it was alright, some seemed a bit tough and not as melt in my mouth type). So I guess it's a hit and miss sometimes. I like their sui mai a lot esp dipped in that spicy mayo, yum yum! I haven't really tried their rolls because I was busy eating other items and I like more raw fish rolls. I wasn't too crazy about their ahi poke because its a mixture of other fish and it's more like a sashimi salad but not really. I've definitely had better though. The dessert selection sucks and it's not part of the all you can eat. they are quite pricey too. A scoop of ice cream I think is like $3. I'm better off going to the store buying a big box for that much, lol. The funniest thing I thought about this place was that after 11pm they have a "beautiful lady" discount. And I joked with my friend saying, what if the girl is ugly? lol. Their customer service isn't all that great. Not attentive but I guess as long as they come back to fill my water cup I'm okay. The place is old, the sushi bar section definitely needs a revamp or something.
4	Been to Hikari  three times so far.  My 'ohana and I have nothing but good things to say about the restaurant.  Understand it's an AYCE sushi spot in the middle of the desert, but we like it.  Quality of the raw oysters were not consistent, but was ok.  My son enjoyed the ikura nigiri and shrimp tempura.  We will Hana Hou dis place!!Aloha, =K=
5	The AYCE is the BEST!!!  Out of all the restaurants that we ate at in LV, This was easily the best experience we had!  The staff was courteous and quick (more of them later).The cuts were fierce fresh and it had that sweetness that you could tell that it had not sat in the freezer.  The sleeper was the Salmon Skin Salad!  Much taste!!  So we had 6 people in our party and our cab did not show up(it's 11:45PM).  The staff asked where we were staying and one of the cooks cleared out his van (baby seats, etc..) and offered to take us back to Paris Casino.  The best people we met in LV!!  We will be back again and again and again.....  Thank you!!
5	Really good price for sashimi and sushi.Worth to give it a try.Better make reservation so shorter the wait time.Food is delicious.
2	This place was right around the corner from my house.  I had high hopes based on the reviews from other Yelpers.  And this is why you should never trust the internet.We were given the choice of a table or the sushi bar.  I prefer the relative privacy of a booth or private table, so opted for that.  Instead, we were seated at a teppanyaki table (without the teppanyaki cooking to entertain us) along with two other incredibly loud families.  While I understand the restaurant can't be held accountable for the volume of their patrons, I felt slightly duped by being told we'd get a table.  They really should have said "Sushi bar or non-sushi bar but bar-like seating?"Service was slow and typically curt.  Selection was limited, especially the rolls.   They were all variations on the same roll.  No diversity whatsoever.  The nigiri was only okay, but there are fresher and better places around.  My memory of this place is a little hazy, so correct me if I'm wrong, but I seem to remember dessert not being included as part of AYCE.  There are about a dozen AYCE places within five minutes of Hikari that are significantly better.  I don't know why anyone would bother with this place.
5	The food was really good and we didn't have to wait long for it to arrive. I would recommend sitting at the sushi bar. The employees were very efficient and observant to our needs. Will definitely come back.  FREE ORANGES!!!
5	AYCE SASHIMI! There is said it. This place is unique in that. I can't do AYCE sushi anymore. The sashimi is much much better. Also the best steamed shumai I have had at any AYCE joint. Only drawback is that dessert is not included and this place is only open for dinner.
2	I've been to Hikari several times over the years and have always had a pretty good experience.  My husband and I brought another couple with us and were seated at the cooking bar.  The food was very good, however entering this place for the first time in a while I was shocked at the poor condition of the this place.Nasty carpet, everything looked like it needed a heavy makeover. When we received the bill it had an added $25.00 charge for parties of 4 or more.  What????? How many times do you go out with a party of 3? When my friend went to the hostess to question the bill after receiving it, that's what he was told. She handed him back the $25.00 and he in turn gave her back $20 for a tip.Pretty poor.  Now my friend said he wouldn't ever go back and I'm pretty turned off too.  It was my preference to go there that evening, sorry I did..but the food was still good.
4	My husband and I are regular costumers at Hikari.I crave their sushi at least once a week. Their food is delicious! The waitresses are not too friendly but maybe it's a Japanese thing :-)
4	My husband and I aint roll eaters, we love sashimi.  And this place is the only AYCE serves sashmi in the area.  Yayyyy no more force feeding of rice!! AYCE sashimi, uni sushi, sweet shrimps with a price of $27-29.  I am sold!  However their sweet shrimps are very teeny tiny, but you can order more than 1 order.  To make it up, i think i ordered 3-4 orders for myself.  Fat! lol
5	Open till 2am... $28 for all you can eat sushi....with a variety of other menu items.  Fresh fish, great shrimp tempura, yummy udon noodles.....come hungry!! The sushi chef makes it even more entertaining!  Great place for a late sushi dinner!
4	Hikari has a great ayce sushi place. I love the fact that you can order sashimi with most of the types of fish. Service is a bit on the slower side if you have a large party and they tend to put everyone's order of the same sushi on the same plate. This led to some confusion when we got the order of who ordered it. (Especially when it come near the end and food is still coming). But overall a very good experience.
1	This place was disgusting! My friends wanted to try this because this is the only restaurant that offers ayce sashimi.  Their sushi rice is so gross. It made me sick. I've never felt sick over any restaurant, but the rice was sticky and goey and just ruined the overall sushi experience. I typically love the appetizers, but all the appetizers here was just disgusting one after the other- the shrimp tempora, the calimari, the takoyaki. The udon was horrible- the noodles were so overcooked. The yakisoba was decent. They don't offer dessert. I guess it's a plus that they let you do sashimi, but it's not worth the other unappetizing food.
2	This was my first time here and I loved it. The food was delicious and the atmosphere was really nice. However, the only down part that made me lose my appetite was that my party was of 4 but we decided to try to save a little money by avoiding gratuity and went in 2's. 15 minutes after successful orders, the orders stopped coming. We waited patiently. After waiting 25 minutes, we reminded them of our order and got a "we're busy". We were fine with that, but then he told us the real reason. He "caught us" and said "you're not paying the tip (gratuity)? You trying to cheat me? I'm not serving you."Of course if they just told us in the beginning instead of making us wait and yelling at us, we would've obliged. The worst thing a restaurant can do is make their customers lose their appetites. I hope Hikari reads this as a lesson. Please don't punish your customers. If you have an issue, bring it up to them right away. We're paying anyways. If anything, put it in our bill anyways and we probably wouldn't even notice.
1	My very first review. It's a shame I didn't have a good experience. This was my first time here and I loved it.. At first.. The food was delicious, the service was excellent, and the atmosphere was lovely. However, the only part that made me lose my appetite was that my party was of 4 but we decided to try to save a little money by avoiding gratuity and went in 2's. 15 minutes after successful orders, the orders stopped coming. We waited patiently. After waiting 25 minutes, we reminded them of our order and got a "we're busy". We were fine with that, but then he told us the real reason. He "caught us" and said "you're not paying the tip (gratuity)? You trying to cheat me? I'm not serving you."Of course if they just told us in the beginning instead of making us wait and yelling at us, we would've obliged. The worst thing a restaurant can do is make their customers lose their appetites. I hope Hikari reads this as a lesson. Please don't punish your customers. If you have an issue, bring it up to them right away. We're paying anyways. If anything, put it in our bill anyways and we probably wouldn't even notice. I understand it was our fault for trying to avoid the gratuity (which is 18% for 4 or more. That's right 4 people. A freaking family with 2 parents and 2 children would have to pay so much extra). But I honestly believe it was because we were young looking. I extremely hate that stereotype. Just because we are young adults DOES NOT MEAN WE DON'T HAVE MONEY. If anything, our tip would've been more than your 18% considering the excellent service we had at the beginning of our dining experience. You just lost 4 customers and probably future customers as well.
3	I I wouldn't recommend AYCE unless you can really put it away.  The prices are already cheap, and the price is about $29 pp.  The food was cool not a big variety like other AYCE sushi places.  The fried scallops and baked mussels were probably my favorite.  Staff was friendly though.
4	This is the only sushi bar in town that I know of that offers all you can order sashimi which I take advantage of often. However, if you're looking for a big variety of rolls and creative sushi creations then I would suggest going somewhere else.
2	Very very slow service!! Keep on bringing other people's order to us and 20 mins to get a rainbow roll :(
4	This place is known for its ayce sashimi. I found it amazing because no other place has it. I used to come here a lot to enjoy all the sashimi. They are the same price as those ayce who has no sashimi, so the "trade-off" is that their fish is not as fresh as the other ones. Once I even had a diarrhea after eating their sashimi. Ever since I stopped going there. I'm still a fan of sashimi, but it's not worth to eat unfresh food and get sick.
5	I have to agree with Paula H. I don't know what these other yelpers are talking about but my experience was excellent.. and I had a party of 18. My friend had come here on his previous trip to Las Vegas and he wanted to take my family here as a place to try since he knew how much my family loved sushi. Earlier that day, I made a reservation, hoping they could accommodate and I'm so glad they could! They lady I spoke with was so kind and understanding after I told her I may need to change the time of our reservation, it was originally at 5 but then I changed it to 8 since everyone pigged out someplace else earlier that day. We got there and only had to wait a few minutes while they cleared the table. While we were waiting, we all looked over the menu to see what we wanted to order. What I find amazing is that you can order pretty much anything on the menu as part of the AYCE special (~$27 plus tip). I'll post the picture of the menu after I finish this review. Despite the fact that I had a party of 18, the server did her best to make sure we got what we ordered.. However, my cousin didn't have too good of an experience.. He ordered a few rolls but didn't get them.. Probably because other people were taking his rolls, thinking that it was theirs..right when we were all finished, BOOM all of these rolls came out for him.. most likely because he kept reminding her and she had to re-enter the order. That's the only down side to our experience. The food was good, I didn't have any dish that I didn't like. I can't remember how many plates of salmon nigiri and dynamite I ordered but I ate like a pig! My family loves food and this was an excellent place to bring them.. Definitely coming back on our next trip!
5	I recently came here for hibachi style steakhouse. Let me tell you, the one chef knows his stuff! The filet mignon was impeccable. Perfectly seasoned and bursted with flavor inside of your mouth to where you did not even need steak sauce to enjoy it. The Chicken was tender as well. I was impressed with the flavor explosion of the fried rice and veggies and over hospitality with personalizing each aspect of my large meal to my liking. The service was great and there filet mignon is the best hibachi style I've tried in Vegas hands down. This place also has all you can eat sashimi which I have yet to try, but am thinking I will soon. They are open also fairly late and seem to have a regular following of clientele. (There sushi bar is always full every time I pass by). If you like a sweet non-alchohol it drink there strawberry lemonade is fixed cute and tastes great.
4	Recommended by my coworker and so glad we gaved it a try because we now know where to go for all u can eat sushi in vegas.The service was helpful and quick and as for the food it was fresh and enjoyable. Only wish I had more time and more company to enjoy it. It was only my bf and I. We went pretty late like around 10:30 at night feeling hunger amd thinking we can eat  alot of sushi. We did learn a lesson tho - DO NOT ORDER ROLLS! It makes u way too full too fast and u wont get ur money worth! Make sure to order the max on oysters (a dozen each person) and sea urchin (4 per person) to get ur money worth.The eels and yellowtail sashimi were my favorites. My bf favors the mackerel and spicy tuna sashimi. The salmon was also fresh and fatty just the way I like them. The softshell crab is a must try!
4	PRETTY GOOD FOR AYCE SUSHIDownside, don't get oyster. It's dirty. Lol and ummmmI don't think my sushi was as clean as I thought it would be. :/However, I experience good customer service so idk what yall be talking bout but I like I like
4	This is a solid sushi spot...it's only $25-26 bucks for AYCE! Gotta love that...The decor is okay, the service is average to slightly above average and the fish is a 7 or 8 out of 10. This place isn't going to blow your mind, but it is a solid place to grab dinner on a random night. My friend works here, so I typically come up here for a beer and a poke bowl... or some sushi.
1	Dec 30, 2014  last time for us.  Others may think this is a great AYCE place, but we do not.Masking fish quality with large chunks is not impressive.No uni?  No Yellowtail?  No oysters?  All they really needed to ever do with those oysters is clean them when they took them out of the supplier bags for goodness sakes.Tuna served having never been bled - any fisherman knows you bleed a tuna, otherwise you get the taste of rotted blood.Salmon sliced right into the cartilage line and served.No thank you.  Too bad they are the only place that does AYCE sashimi - would rather not eat than go back here.  This was it for us.
4	Four of us came to eat here for the All You Can Eat. I thought it was only AYCE sushi, but the appetizers are also up for grabs! I tried the frallops, tempura, and miso. Delicious. I even got another order of frallops!Sushi was great. There's a lot of basic rolls, nothing fancy. Their house roll, Hikari, was the best one! I had two full orders of that. There's even a foot note that you can modify it and add other things like cream cheese, green onion, quail egg etc. Sashimi was good too. I tries a few different ones and liked all of them! So this place erased my bad experiences with sashimi from my memory.The sushi chefs were fantastically fast. We never had to wait more than a few minutes for our orders. Waitresses were fine with my friends, but kept forgetting to refill my drink. Only problem? For parties of four or more, there's an 18% gratuity charge. Which would be okay except that it was unclear whether it was added to our total or not. We paid, assuming we were charged for the tip, only to be frantically told we forgot to tip. We thought we saw it added to the bill, but the waitress insisted we tip. We left a few dollars just so we could go.Other than that, I would eat here again!
