5	La Calabria came highly recommended, so we gave it a try on Saturday.  Coming from NY, we know great Italian food and the Olive Garden does not cut it for us.   The ambiance was very inviting as were the staff and owners.   I have to say, it was one of the best Italian restaurants we've been to in years.   We can always judge a good Italian restaurant by their Fried Calamari and. I have to say, it was by far one of the best around.  For the entrees, we ordered the Linguine di Mare (Seafood dish) that had an ample amount of seafood and the taste was absolutely delicious.   My husband had the Chicken Rollatini which was probably one of the best we've had.   The desserts are homemade.  You've got to try the Cheesecake and the Tiramisu which was perfectly made.   We loved the food, the atmosphere and the entire staff made us feel as if we were family.   Five days later, we went back again last night w/friends and we all left very satisfied.  I know this is going to be one of our favorite weekly hangouts.     Thank you for choosing Gilbert, Giovanni and Clara!!!
5	Wow - An authentic Italian restaurant!  We lived in Italy for a year and know the difference between Olive Garden and the real thing.  I've eaten at La Calabria 5 or 6 times and have always been pleased.  Every meal is served hot,  and every entree we've tried has been exquisite.  My favorite is the eggplant rollatine; the smooth and creamy ricotta-based filling is so satisfying.  My husband likes the chicken marsala.  But the penne alla vodka is heavenly too.  Last week I had a luncheon at my house for 20 VIPs, and asked Giovanni to prepare the entire meal.  The guests raved and I was thrilled that the food was (1) ready on time, (2) delicious, (3) ample, and (4) very affordable.  Clara's fluffy Italian cheesecake topped the meal off wonderfully.   Do yourself a favor -- take a friend and go there NOW.  We all need to support GOOD independent restaurants, and this one is better than good.
4	I love this place! I've been several times with a friend for lunch. She gets the La Calabria salad and i get the eggplant parmesan sandwich. The salad is light n greens but rich in mozzarella, grilled chicken, roasted peppers and tomatoes. The sandwich is on a delicious roll.  Thinly sliced eggplant with a light breading in a tasty sauce. This has got to be the best Italian in the east valley.
5	This is by far one of the BEST Italian restaurants around.   Been there several times and have never been disappointed.   The owners, Giovanni (chef) and Clara always make you feel at home.   We are always wanting to try a different appetizer but we always end up w/their Fried Calamari or Mussels in lemon/wine sauce which is so darn delicious.   We've tried just about every entree and one is better than the other which makes it so difficult for me to decide what I want each time.    Clara makes the cheesecake and Giovanni makes the Tiramisu which are outstanding.   We've taken several friends there and they all agree it is the best in the East Valley.   An added bonus is Marcy (waitress).....She always remembers the "little things" like bringing me ice for my wine, or that I love Giovanni's marinara sauce so much, she always brings me extra w/out me asking....it's those "little things" that make a huge difference to me.....
2	Just came back from dinner there. Let me preface by saying I had a gift certificate and without it am not sure I would have gone. Regardless. I'm not sure if I can write an essay but there are a number of things that jumped out at me. First and foremost, how friendly the owners are. Both husband and wife came to our table separately to chat. The other wait staff was ok, friendly but not out of the ordinary. Since bread usually comes first ... I have to say I was a bit disappointed being used to the piping hot loaves at Carabbas, or or other places that have a variety of rolls. These were like ordinary sliced white bread without much flavor. The specials sounded good but the server didn't give the prices till I asked specifically. MH was surprised not to see Corona in the beer selections. He also wanted the filet mignon which they were out of. He settled for the sole (which was good he said) and I had the Chicken Caprese special, but I had to make a special request to get basil included. Which seemed a bit counter intuitive but anyway. I wasn't crazy about it, or the wine sauce it came in. What I really wish had been different was the fact that it didn't come with pasta, but potatoes and vegetables. Not what I'd expect at an Italian restaurant. Sure, if it was a choice ... but it wasn't. Oh, and I didn't see pesto or alfredo sauce anywhere in the menu. Suffice it to say the owners are very nice but even that may not be enough to get me back. I like being excited over leftovers and tonight I'm just not. I did get a piece of cheesecake to bring home. Since it's going to be consumed in the next half hour I may have something to add ...
4	Great potential!  Plan to return soon.  This newly opened neighborhood gem was buzzing on the night we tried.  While they are working the kinks out, the food was great.   The treated my grandmother and young twins special and worked to meet our unique needs.  While the food was outstanding, a broader wine selection would serve them well.  They were very busy and stopped by often to provide updates on this busy night.
4	went with a group of about 30 and the waiter surprised us by billing individually.  It was a Tuesday which I thought would be slow, but the place was nearly full.  I ordered a salad with apples, walnuts and cheese.  The walnuts were not candied :( but that is my only complaint.  It was the perfect size, not to little and not to big.  I was satisfied when I finished and passed on dessert.
5	Visited this place at 6 pm on Friday night.  I was expecting more people, but almost half tables were empty.  This has NOTHING to do with the food, it's just a hidden location.  The food was EXCELLENT.  We had a daily special pasta with seafood, and tiramisu for dessert.  I was very very impressed with both dishes.  This is definitely my favorite place now.
3	My company's Christmas party was held at La Calabria this year. I wasn't sure what to expect coming in... had heard only good things from various coworkers, though.Our dinner experience was not the typical experience, since they had reserved one half of the dining area for us, and set up our food buffet-style. The service was A+. Our glasses were never empty, dishes were cleared constantly, and if anyone so much as hinted at needing something, one of the servers, or the owners themselves were right there, ready!The food was great. Our "buffet" included meat lasagna, eggplant parmigiana, balsamic chicken, roasted vegetables, salad with italian dressing, italian dinner rolls, and tiramisu for dessert.Every single thing on our menu was delicious. Well, except the bread. It was just "ok" as far as bread goes. Generic. But the lasagna and the eggplant! YUM! Just the right amount of cheese on both - nothing overpowering or pooling with oils. I have to admit, I'd hoped to eat the salmon, as that was the dish off the menu that I'd heard so many great things about. But I guess I'll have to go back for that one.While I'm not a big fan of tiramisu, in general, I did have a serving of this. Possibly one of the better tiramisus I've had this side of New York City.Would I eat there again? To be honest, probably not in a hurry, but yes.
4	Great food, but slow service and a cafeteria atmosphere.I had the house named Fettucini La Calabria and it didn't disappoint.  Although it could have used a bit more flavor, the pasta was cooked to perfection and the blend of salty prosciutto and sweet shrimp worked well together.My wife had the incredible Sea Bass al diavlo special.  The fish was incredibly flaky, tender and tasty with just the right amount of heat.   The accompanying shellfish was OK, but it didn't compare to the Sea Bass.Granted, it was Valentine's weekend, but the service was extremely slow.  It took forever to get our bottle of wine, but it was decent wine at a great price.The tiramisu was out of this world - and huge portion - enough to share.  Best we've had since Rome.The atmosphere is not equal to the food.  Very open, high ceilings and hardwood floors make it very loud and the bright lights seem to make it worse.Overall, it was a great meal and we'll be back, but they can really use a remodel to make it more like another one of my favorites, VinciTorrio's in Tempe.
5	We took our daughter out to celebrate her 1st day of school and she wanted pizza. We had heard about La Calabria and went there. They do NOT serve pizza, but the hostess (I think it was the owner as well) convinced her that pasta and meatballs would be just as yummy and thankfully, today our 3 year old wasn't her typical stubborn self and  went for it...much to our delight as we had been wanting to try this place. THANKS GOODNESS!!! It turned out to be an incredible find for Italian food, locally owned 'mom and pop' type of place so close to our home.We had some wine which was very good and reasonably priced. They brought out some soft and fresh Italian bread with some of the most delish olive oil/seasonings dip I've ever had.The chef (maybe the other owner?) came out personally to serve our daughter her meal. He offered her the parm sprinkled on her dinner, after the 3rd "yes" of offering her more, he asked if she just wanted the whole bowl, which made her very happy. Us too, it was some of the best parmesean cheese I've ever tasted. So fresh and tasty. She loved the meatballs, said they were as good as Nona's (her Italian grandma) so that says a lot right there!My husband and I shared one of the daily specials, a penne with a sausage and mushroom sauce. It was a cross between a red and a white sauce, sort of like a vodka sauce but not exactly. I don't think they make their pasta from scratch, but my oh my, you couldn't cook prepared pasta any better! It was done perfectly al dente and the sauce was simply INCREDIBLE, if I had just one word to choose. I'm sure it was more calories/fat than I would care to know...but it was so good I didn't care. It was also great that for a small fee of $5 they let us share, giving us both our own salad. The pasta portions were still very big, we each came home with leftovers.We decided to go for it all and end the night with cappuccino and dessert. The cappuccino was perfect, nice and large with a wonderful foam. They have 4 or 5 homemade in-house desserts but the gelato menu spoke to us. We got the bananas foster gelato which was just delectable. Perfect banana flavor, not too powerful, served a little more frozen than usual, so it stayed in a wedge shape, and half of it was dipped in Italian chocolate and nuts. My mouth is watering just remembering it. If you live in Gilbert, or nearby Chandler and are looking for a family run restaurant, with a casual atmosphere and wonderful food, give this place a try...my guess is you'll be hooked. We can't wait to go back. Prices are about the same as Olive Garden or the like...not cheap but not expensive...pretty much what you'd expect. Oh and the kids meal was a deal at $5 with about 2 to 3 servings for the average child, and comes with a 'surprise' which was ice cream and made our daughter very happy, a great ending to a milestone day for her...and us!
5	how did the best Italian food in Arizona end up deep in Gilbert? Growing up as an Italian-American in New York, I know my Italian food. This place is superb. The owners, husband as the chef, wife as the m'aitre d, keep it simple and focused on the food. The Frutti Di Mare is the best I've had since grandmas kitchen. Thank you for an unexpectedly positive experience!
5	First time visit tonight. We moved to area about a year ago, been searching for our neighborhood Italian joint and finally found it! Great food (I had the Vongole in white sauce, he had the lasagna). Loved both. Very friendly service. Traditional ricotta cheesecake, made on the premises was absolutely the best. If you haven't been, you just must!
4	Food, service, ambiance -- that's why I go to a restaurant. I suspect I am not alone.La Calabria *nails* in on two of those three criteria. The food was fantastic. I had the Cannelloni - a simple dish, but done wrong it can be a miserable experience. La Calabria did it right. Way right. My lovely bride had the Chicken Marsala. Given how she fended off my reaching fork, I'd say it was also outstanding. Service was superior. And friendly. The owner stopped by twice just to make sure things were right. Our party of seven just mumbled and nodded our heads because our mouths were stuffed full of Italian goodness.The only place La Calabria is lacking is in ambiance. They've done about everything they can with the space but it's not real warm and cozy. Don't get me wrong, it's not bad, just not as perfect as the food and service. Yelp needs to allow half-stars, because La Calabria really is a 4.5 star kind of place. Go. Eat. Be Merry.
5	Wow, great food, great service, fair prices.  This is a great place. This is a wonderful alternative to eating in a chain restaraunt.
5	Dinner plans changed the night before my family was to leave town after my graduation. It was a Saturday night at 6pm and we suddenly didn't have dinner plans. I did a quick survey and found that everyone wanted Italian. A quick google search led me to La Calabria - a place I had neither heard of or dined at before. I checked Yelp and the reviews were good so on we went - sans reservations - to try something new. I must say that both my wife and step-mom wanted to go to Olive Garden but I just hate chains and was willing to chance a great meal over a mediocre one I could trust. I'm glad I pressed on!The service was excellent, almost as good as the food which was spectacular. The setting wasn't exactly what I'd imagine with such great service and food. They would really be helped by being in a fancier building. Being in a strip-mall must certainly limit their patrons but I guess that doesn't matter because the place was packed by what looked and sounded like a strong group of regulars. Always a good sign - when the owner comes around and is clearly greeted by people he has met before. Will we go back? Of course! Everything was absolutely great. Some of the highlights:1. They brought my 5 year old son's meal out first so he could get started. They obviously know a 5 year old eats slowly. He said it was the best chicken fingers he has ever had (of course he says that a lot). 2. We asked how big the portions were and were told they were size-able. My wife and I ended up splitting a meal and are glad we did. They give us each a full sized dinner salad and to be honest the plates we got each looked like full sized meals. 3. The wine they recommended was excellent and a perfect fit for our group. 4. When the server found out we were celebrating my graduation the restaurant bought us a round of sambuca shots and me a free desert. What a great touch! 5. The owner greeted us personally twice and chatted with us for a few minutes. 6. The after-dinner cappachino was just like I remember from Italy! perfecto!
3	After seeing such great reviews on Yelp, I decided to take the gf to this little Italian place in Gilbert. I REALLY REALLY wanted to like this place, and the owner was really nice. But.....all I can muster up was a meh. First, the decore just doesn't seem to fit the restaurant name. The name says to me, nice Italian restaurant. We walked in, it seemed....sparten. There's just something missing that makes it feel Italian. Anything...some rustic decoration? Idk. I really think the ambiance can be much better if they did something.... It was mostly just plain walls with some murals. Anyhow, I'm not here to eat the food, not the wall decore. We ordered some Clams Casino s for appetizer. The gf ordered Chicken Campagnola and I ordered Veal Scaloppine Principessa. So the clams.... Cardinal sin #1, you never ever serve sandy clams. You must soak the clams in fresh water for at least 20 minutes to rid of the salt and sand. Well, the gf and I tried 2 clams each and every single one of them were sandy. Crunch crunch crunch. Uck. I am grateful that that item was taken off our bill. Just for that I think they deserve half a star more. On to the entrees. While the flavors were not bad, I do feel like the food is towards average than good. My veal was slightly over cooked but fairly tasty with the sauce on top. It just didn't give me the vibe of this is so good I want it again. My gf's chicken was definitely way overcooked. It was tough and the sauce was on the salty side (and I'm a salt junkie). Overall, I dare say I've had better food at certain Macaroni Grill chains so..... I do really want to like this place because it's so close to where we live..... But for the food they serve, I think they can be $3-4 less. I would've gladly pay the price if the food had impressed me. Alas, the search for a great Italian restaurant with reasonable price continues.....
4	Third time here and haven't been disappointed yet.  The seafood is fresh, the veal was nice, and service is very good.  Well worth a visit.
4	Good size dinner salad that comes with your entree.  Big portions.  Delicious food.
4	My husband and I tried this place on New Year's Eve, with no reservations, nonetheless. We originally headed to a chain but decided not to wait the 1 hour and 45 minute wait time. I had read a review in a local paper that day so we decided to give it a try. The place is in a little strip mall and is a little hard to find. The staff was pleasant and apologized for not being able to get us in right away (we waited about 5-7 minutes). The ambiance isn't anything great and the tables were pretty close together. (Hence the 4 starts not 5). But let me tell you about the food.... mmmmmm.....  I'll preface by saying I'm Italian. And Italian food is by far my favorite. I ordered the lasagna. The sauce was magnificent. I could have eaten an entire additional portion, it was that good. My husband had some type of penne dish in a wine sauce. Equally as good. The house wine was also very good. But let me tell you about the dessert. OMG. I have never been a huge tiramisu fan but read that it was good so we tried it. I have been dreaming about it ever since. I could eat a 9x13 pan for breakfast- every day it was that good. A little too much cocoa on top, but otherwise heavenly. We also had the cheesecake, which was also amazing.If you are looking for great food, but maybe not a romantic atmosphere, you have to try this place.
2	I had heard about this place from a few people...all who loved it. I didn't want to review it after my first dinner there because I was sure it was a fluke. After the second visit I realized there wouldn't be a third visit.The first time they were short handed in the kitchen. The food took a long time. But it was good, the risotto- fantastic. Also, the service was okay...nothing spectacular but not the worst I've had.The second time they were short handed in the front of house. The service was appalling. My water only refilled once...we could never catch our server to get another glass of wine. Only 1 employee...a busboy...showed any desire to be at work. At one point the hostess was chatting with the people at the next table and then showed off her newest tattoo on the shoulder blade. The food was mediocre. Oh and the fabulous risotto? It is only offered with the special.Oh and don't plan on spending less than 2.5 hours for dinner with no dessert.
5	I'm not sure if these people that rated this place poorly were just having a bad day or what, but I had a hot chicken parmigiana ciabatta and it was amazing! Everything is homemade and their slogan is "Even the chef is imported". which is very clever! My water was refilled even if it didn't really need to be and I was able to meet the chef and his wife! I had a very pleasant time! 6 bucks for a homemade lunch? Yes, please!! I will definitely be back often!
4	Ok.. Am I prejudiced? Yes, I am. I believe that the best Italian food needs a little less commercial structure and a little more heart and soul.I know the Olive Garden chefs are all trained in Italy because I saw the commercial. PLEASE! Five minutes in the door at La Calabria and Giovanni pops out of the kitchen and he's ready to talk about what's best that night. Tonight it was Osso Buco over risotto. Excellent! Even a little fork to force the delicious marrow out of the bone. The simple dishes, chicken parm, veal parm, pasta Alfredo.. All done simply and well. Next time you want Italian food done right let one of my favorite Italians do it for you. I really like my dinner cooked to order by the man in the kitchen and not the chef at headquarters. La Calabria does Italian right.
4	This is a hidden little gem in our neighborhood in Gilbert. I had heard about it, and have wanted to try, so my parents' visit was the perfect opportunity. The staff was very attentive, the older Italian gentleman who was our waiter was very charming, and the food was excellent. The calamari fritti was light and tender, the melon and prosciutto appetizer was out of this world, and the shrimp scampi, linguine and clams, and tuna special were delicious. They do it in the classic Italian style: unhurried and relaxed. The location is kind of hidden, which is a shame, because you can't see it from the street very well. It's not fancy, but it's homey and family friendly. The prices are very reasonable, too (always a bonus). We will go back, for sure.
5	We were recommended this restaurant from a regular customer.My wife and I went hoping it would be ok!This is a Great Real Italian restaurant!The owner waited on us and our food came fast and fresh.Great sauces.I will return.Kind of hard to find so google it and you will find it.The recipes are really from Italy.Lasagna was very different but good!Chicken Marsala hard the best sauce I had.The cheese cake and strawberry sauce!!!Made from Ricotta and really perfectly sweet.The sauces are the best and mostly different.Try it, great food and service.
4	Best Italian in AZ! Great low key family environment. Perfect of a date or family night!
2	After convincing my wife and kids to go out to dinner on Mother's Day, the question became "where?"  After reading reviews on Yelp, we decided to try La Calabria Ristorante.  I am not allowed to pick restaurants anymore.The food was mediocre and bland. Salads were a 1/4 cup of iceberg lettuce with paper thin slices of carrots and radishes. The fillet wrapped in puff pastry crust was tender, but overpowered by the mushroom sauce/gravy.  The broccoli was mush and very bland.  My wife had the seafood linguine which was simply "ok." the same for my daughter's ricotta stuffed gnocchi, just "ok."  Desserts were decent with the exception of the tiramisu and cheesecake, both lackluster.  The cheesecake was not creamy or smooth, just grainy.  The flourless cake was good, wish we all ordered that.  Service was fair considering it was Mother's Day, but another server or two could not have hurt.  They do serve alcohol, but there is not a bartender on staff.  If it comes out of a bottle, you are good, otherwise, think "flask"  :)  So much for a lemon-drop martini.Perhaps being from Chicago and growing up in northern Italy, I am too critical, but not our "go-to" choice for Italian.
4	Great local restaurant.  I frequent this place at lease 3 times per month.  I enjoy it because it is locally owned and while it is not perfect by any means, the owner is really trying to make things work.  His food is excellent but the help, many times is inexperienced.  They know me now, and so I try to help them along.  This is so much better than going to any chain, and quite frankly, if you think Olive Garden or Carrabba's is great Italian food, I wouldn't go here.  The food would be too sophisticated for you.  I'm from the East Coast where we have as many Italian Restaurants as Phoenix has Mexican.  This would stand up to most in that area.  Give it a try, say hi to the owners, and expect great food and average service.  Support the local business economy!
5	Tonight was a night to celebrate.  We knew we wanted two things something new and something pasta.  Giovanni and Clara were welcoming and hospitable.  We had the Fettuchini la Calabria and a request to make something with sausage and vodka sauce.  The meal that appeared before me was beyond what I expected.  Delicious was a mild description.  Clara also selected a wonderful Chianti that complimented the meal perfectly.  This meal was so tasty that I couldn't stop.  Clara and Giovanni talked with us and share their story with us and us with them.  They made our experience tonight one we will remember with nice conversation and a great dinner.  We will return to La Calabria Ristorante soon to our new friends.  Thank you Giovanni and Clara.
4	Excellent food and personal service. A great value as well, you can't get fresh, homemade Italian food at a better price. Everything we have tried so far is absolutely delicious.
5	Absolutely wonderful cuisine, attentive, warm staff and great ambiance. It is now on our favorites list!! Stop by and enjoy Clara's hospitality and an evening of Calabria's best! Highly recommended!!
5	Lived in NY and NJ for ten years and this is authentic Italian. Owner/chef is always in the dining room making sure you are enjoying the food. The deserts are Unreal!
5	Just visited again tonight.  This has been on our rotation of restaurants for a while, but it's a 25+ minute drive for us, so we don't get there as often as we'd like.Tonight was the first time I think I ordered from the regular menu.  Chicken with eggplant, red pepper, mozzarella, peas and artichokes.  Delicious!  And huge - even enough for take home and lunch tomorrow.  I had the side of Penne with Vodka sauce.  While it was a bit heavy, I loved the creamy texture bursting with cheese flavor.The tiramisu continues to impress for dessert.I love this place, but I'm afraid it doesn't get the visits it needs to survive.  If you like local, family owned restaurants, check this place out.  Great good, reasonable wines prices and a friendly, Italian-born chef that visits every table.  Classic old school.  Avoid the chains and check this place out.  You'll be glad you did.
5	Went there last Friday night in lieu of all my normal restaurants were booked/crowded. Found this restaurant on Yelp and decided to give it a try. I was tentative of trying a Ristorante because most places are non-traditional and make more of "fusion" dishes.  This place is as authentic as it gets without going to an Italian community or Italy itself.  The Chicken Amalfitano was honestly, "TO DIE FOR".  All ingredients were fresh, prepared perfectly, and the side of potatoes and green beans were matched well with the dish.  The demi glace tied the whole dish together.Calimari was cooked perfectly as well.  Lightly breaded to highlight the squid.  You will not find Tartar sauce or Cocktail sauce in this restaurant!  They make a fresh tomato and garlic tip that I can almost eat by itself.Dessert was just as good as the appetizer and main course.  I had a mascarpone gelato & a pistachio gelato.  One thing I care more than good food is service.  Clara (I believe she is the co-owner), came by at least 3 times to check up on us.  The server and staff ensured that our drinks were always filled, our mouths were stuffed, and that we were always satisfied.  When you get great service with outstanding food, you get a 5-star rating.Adding this restaurant on my top 5 list for Arizona.
1	It was that time of the year again; Anniversary!The food at this place was recommended by a friend of a friend so I decided to check it out.  I went to the website and loved the Italian music that played while I checked out the menu.  The items looked very interesting so I decided to make that our celebration destination for that year.I called and spoke with a very nice sounding lady and made a reservation for 7.  I informed her it was our anniversary dinner and she replied with "Come hungry and thirsty!".Upon arriving, we were a little thrown off by what we saw.  We weren't expecting a fully floodlight lit rectangular room with a full glass wall to the parking lot packed with both low and high(!) tables and a 5 seat bar area.  We walked up to the desk and were greeted with "EVERYONE wants Italian tonight..." as she was frantically moving through papers, receipts and other items."Do you mind a high table?" she asked.  My wife and I just looked at each other.  "If that's all you have for our reservation I guess that will have do." I said.  RED FLAG ONE!The table was dirty so we stood next to it while 3 people came over to clean it off.  We sat down and realized no one had wiped the table so when the waitress came over to put the uh...  paper... place mats down we asked for someone to wipe it, which someone did.  The paper was put down on the wet surface and immediately soaked through.  ~sigh~We were handed our menus.  I had to put mine down three times to accommodate all of the arms in front of me putting down glasses and apparently there was some OJT going on with respect to how the silverware is supposed to be placed on the table so it took some time.I snickered to myself as the waitress explained that the salad fork goes to the left of the main fork... (both forks were identical).  But I digress.My wife had an odd expression on her face.  I had to almost shout over the cacophony  (many tables with loud children/bad parents).  RED FLAG TWO!I queried:  "See anything you like?"  The look that was returned said it all. RED FLAG THREE! We got up and left and went to Anzio's Landing in Mesa and had a wonderful quiet time in a cozy booth with nice mood lighting.Perhaps someday I will try the food.
5	My parents are from italy and we take them every time they come to AZ.  The food is from their province in Italy and they love it!  In fact, my parents will not eat at Italian restaraunts normally because they are usually disappointed - not here.  We are going tonight!
5	Always great food. Small intimate authentic restaurant. If you want Olive Garden, go there. If you want real Italian food, this is your place. Friendly, personal service. Like eating with family!  I go every week.
4	I've been to La Calabria numerous times. For me, I enjoy stopping by later in the evening on a Friday, around 8:30 or so. The service is always good and I typically ask Giovanni what he recommends that day. I've never been disappointed and will continue to go back and support this local restaurant.
5	the internet reviews rated this restaurant 5 stars, so we decidedto try it out.  we weren't disappointed.  our meal was chicken w/tomatoe & artichoke in a great sauce, cabbage&carrots was amazing..and potatoes...i don't know what seasoning they used on it all...but we so enjoyed it...and then dessert went w/ and ooh la la it was a magnifico presentation...the friendly service and attention made us feel like we were wisked away to a charming location in italy...you have got to try it!! we are going back to try many different dishes.
5	ABSOLUTELY FABULOUS  would give 6 stars--This was our first time here and all 4 of us were veery happy with our meal and the desserts were out of this world --not to mention the personel service--
5	Lunch at La Calabria today... most excellent! Some of the best Italian food we have had in awhile. Service was terrific. I can't understand what prompts some of the comments about atmosphere. Maybe there has been some changes made since of the comments were made. The atmosphere was just fine for us. Just as good as some of the wonderful restaurants we have visited in Italy! If you are looking for vinyl booths to top off your dining experience I suggest Denny's.We shall return (didn't a general say that in WWII?)This place was recommended to us by a local restaurant manager and he did not let us down.
4	If I was to rate La Calabria purely on food? Well beyond 5 stars. I'm a North Jersey native and when it comes to that heavenly, authentic homestyle Italian I crave so much... this place NAILS IT! Fresh, high quality ingredients, incredible marinara, homemade everything... there's love on that plate.The ONLY reason I sit on the fence sometimes when we're looking for a night out is the atmosphere. The lovely couple who owns the place really do their best to make it comfortable and I can get over the strip mall vibe (this is AZ after all), but in order to make it a perfect experience I would LOVE for them to move to a stand-alone little place with more coziness, maybe some outdoor seating. Overall, La Calabria is well worth trying if you haven't. If you have, then you know it's a gem (in a strip mall).
1	I visited La Calabria with high hopes of finding my "go to" italian restaurant, but I can now cross it off my lisit of places to dine. I did so based off the countless high reviews it had been given on yelp and google.  I started my night off by ordering the beef carpaccio however what arrived was battered fried cheese with a bowl of canned tomato sauce.   I decided to eat this concoction because our waiter was new and clearly nervous.  The appetizer tasted about as good as it looked which i would rate as average at best.   Next we were served out salads, the house and caesar.  Both salads followed right in line with our appetizer, average but severly overdressed.   Our main course consisted of the Linguini ai Frutti di Mare and Meat Ravioli, which our server recommended.  The ravioli was what i would expect from an Olive Garden caliber restaurant.  The Ligunie is where I took offense.  The basic concepts of cooking this dish were missing.  This is my favoite dish and something I consider a staple of a good Italian restaurant.  The pasta was overcooked to a mushy consistency.  The Seafood was generous however was also overcooked.  All of this was served in what appeared to be a tomatoy soup that was filled to the brim of the bowl.  I ate the entire meal with fear I would have this red water in my lap or all over the table. I am confused by the numerous high ratings for La Calabria.  I have grown up eating great italian and recently moved to Phoenix.  If my only experience of italian food  was eating Chuck E Cheese I might be more inclined to give 3 stars.   If you are looking for a great Italian meal look elsewhere.
5	WOW!  What a surprise. I was happy to stumble across this wonderful local Ma and Pa place.  I have no idea where Jim ate, I was there 2/21/2012 and the food at my table was A++.  I agree that it may not have the most ambiance but I like to eat and our service was good!  I felt my Tuna, veggies and pasta were all prepared perfectly.  I was so excited to come home and write about how you can tell when you are eating a dish that someone loved to cook... that was what we had at our table!  I can't wait to go again...and again and again!   We all have different tastes and expectations but I urge you to try this for yourself...tell Clara the 3 ladies told you.
5	Went with my family last friday for the first time and the food was fantastic. I liked that it was casual and that you aren't rushed out. I had the salmon, and it was scrumptious. I plan to go back because the true test will be the chicken marsala. One of my favourite italian foods and hard to find done well. Will post later.Expect to sit back and relax, because the service is slower. I like that pace so it's not a negative. Have a glass of wine and enjoy the simplicity of the place.
4	Last night was my first visit to La Calabria and it was a delightful experience from beginning to end. I was seated promptly and my drink order taken while waiting for my dining companion. I got a nice, reasonably priced, glass of Nero D'aviloa, and Italian bread and olive oil flavored with a chiffonade of fresh basil and some chopped sun dried tomato for drizzling. The basil was a nice, fresh touch.Our knowledgeable server answered menu questions and took us through the extensive list of daily specials. I ended up with a gnochi, which was a plate full of potato pillows of cheesy heaven in a tomato vodka sauce. It was served with a salad with a house balsamic dressing which was well balanced and delicious. My companion also had one of the daily special dishes, chicken picata, served with roasted potatoes and broccoli rabe. She said it was delicious.Pacing throughout the meal was unrushed and good. My questions regarding the vegetarian-or-not properties of the meal were handled graciously. Ambiance was unremarkable but nice enough for a strip-mall restaurant. I would definitely recommend this little hidden gem to anyone. I will be back.
5	Food here was very authentic and i was impressed since I am Italiano from Chicago and LA....Very good food.
5	LOVE this place, it is our go-to spot for date night! We are now greeted like family haha. The chef/owner is always coming out and talking to guests or serving food. I feel like I am eating at grandma's house, good food and homey atmosphere. The food is very good, I have not had something I do not like there. I would recommend the specials though, the chef makes the pasta for them himself, delish!*be prepared to spend awhile here, not a good place for a quick dinner! Relax and enjoy!
5	Most Americans think Italian food is what you get at some chain restaurant.  Let me help you, nothing you get at a chain restaurant remotely approximates Italian food..  Having said that, La Calabria comes pretty dog gone close.I've eaten here several tomes not and everything has been outstanding.  Actually, let me step back from that for a second...the salad that comes with the meal is a salad.  Not spectacular not bad, just a salad.  But what do you expect from lettuce?A few other observations....- its a store front restaurant.  Personally I don't care about things like that.  I learned a long time ago, you can't eat ambiance.- I believe they bring the bread in.  Some days it's good other days it's good but a bit stale.Notwithstanding anything even remotely negative here, the food still remains outstanding and at the end of the day, it's always about the food.
1	We didn't get to try the food. I read the reviews and thought that there was no way that they would charge $8.00 if you are sharing your plate with someone else, but they really do! The waitress was an older lady and extremely rude when she sat us like we were burdening her. Then when we ordered 2 entres for 3 of us to split she said "get another order and take it home or they will charge you $8.00". My husband said that he just wouldn't eat. Then the guy comes from the back and tells us the same thing, if we didn't order another plate, he would charge us 8.00! It was the rudest thing I have ever heard. I'm Italian and Italians share! It's just what we do! We got up and left. The prices are pretty high anyway and then to charge a large amount just because you aren't hungry is ridiculous! I won't go back. I don't believe this restaurant will be in business for very much longer. No one wants bad service. We are a friendly town and when people come in that are rude like this no one wants to patronize there.
4	Nice restaurant. Met both the husband and wife team. Very friendly. The food was good, and the service was great. I will eat there again.
5	We love this restaurant. It is the kind of mom and pop place you find in Jersey.  the chef, Giovanni, comes from Italy and his food is what i grew up with as a kid.  The opening salad is simple but I really enjoy his fresh made dressing.  My favorite is the Zupa de Pesce especially when I can get it with his Black Pasta.  We have eaten here many times and the specials are usually the way to go as they are inspired by the fresh ingredients he gets.  His wife, Clara (and the hostess), makes this awesome cheesecake that is light and delicious.  Always a good meal.
5	Great service. Family atmosphere. Authentic. Highly recommended.
5	Every 6 months when I come to Mesa to visit my parents, I wonder if I will have a good dinner. This is easily the best meal I have ever had in the Phoenix area. To be frank, I've never understood restaurants here. I have no issue with the Macaroni Grills and P.F. Chang's and other chains that seem to be the staple of eating out here; they are reliable and have good enough food. But every time I go there and see wait times of 45 minutes, I just wonder: is this really the only choice? Is good food so hard to come by here that we all have no choice but to endlessly wait to be served acceptable food in a frenzied atmosphere?All of that has changed since we found La Calabria. Lurking in a strip mall in Gilbert is a place serving truly excellent food. After we lingered over amazing lasagna, delectable cheesecake, and great house wine for 2 hours, we left quite happy. It is true that the restaurant has the misfortune of being in a strip mall and that the ambiance suffers as a result. But the food made up for that, and the warm service (including from Clara, the owner and chef's wife) meant the most pleasant 2 hours I've ever spent eating in the area.I guess it is quite possible that there is some amazing dining in Phoenix of which I am unaware; maybe there are other gems like this around. I tend to doubt it though; if this place were in my neighborhood of Greenwich Village in NYC, it would also be among the best in the area, and I'd be there every week.
2	It was OK, not 4 stars.  Authentic Italian to me is walking in the door and being overwhelmed by the smell of garlic, fresh baked Italian bread and hearing Italian music being played softly throughout the establishment.I've had the $30.00, family style, 5 course meal at Maggiano's that blew this place away.  Our meal was over $ 100 at La Calabria. (including tip)I am an Italian from the East Coast, so I am a snob when it comes to Italian food.  I did LOVE the ricotta pie we had for dessert and they do make an excellent cappuccino.Some suggestions for La Calabria... dimmer lighting, maybe a candle on the table for a little ambience, lower prices and a more cheerful wait staff.
4	I love a place you can keep going back to and the food is still as good this year as last.  Clara and Giovani are great - they always remember me and greet me like an old friend when I come in. My sister comes in from Chicago - where does she want to go eat?  La Calabria Ristorante!  I would like a nicer salad with a hearty homemade Italian dressing, but I really did not come for the salad . As others mention the ambiance is a little lack luster..but folks.... 1.it is CLEAN 2.Good Value.  The specials are always good and the Vodka Sauce here rocks!  Claras homemade deserts are always so good. -- sdille
5	LOVE THIS PLACE! It is so hard to find authentic and fantastic Italian food. I will admit it took us a couple drive-by's before we hit it up but now we will go all the time. It is really a special place. Take a date or your family and have a great time!
4	Hidden away but worth the effort to find it. Service was excellent and the food was above average.
5	Went here for dinner last night. While the ambience was not what we expected, it was quite charming and very welcoming.Dinner was amazing. I had the tortellini and my boyfriend had a seafood pasta. The portions were very very good sized, especially for the money. The food was amazing. The service was great. Well worth the visit!We also had the best dessert...possibly the best dessert I have ever had. Apparently it was their special and sadly not regularly offered on the menu. It was their flourless hazelnut dessert and if you go and they offer it...you MUST try it. I will covet it in my mind for times to come...
2	Kinda average food My first time thereGood service
2	Food was nothing to get excited about. I personally make way better marinara sauce than what I was served. The kid's pasta tasted like it was dumped right out of a can. My linguine rusticana had good garlic flavor and the portabella mushrooms were tasty, but it was just average. My husband had the veal parmesan and said he would not get it again. The bread before the meal was dry and cold.  It was pricey. The wait staff was patient with our kiddos, thank you! Overall I would most likely not return as I was not blown away by the value, taste, or atmosphere.
5	Outstanding the butternut squash ravioli and grouper, clams and scallops simply the best meal we have had in quite awhile!!!!
5	Came here this evening for the first time.  We were greeted right away by the hostess and seated promptly. I had the Ciopinno and my husband had the pork tenderloin Marsala. Both items were some of the specials that evening. Both entrees were magnificent. The ciopinno had plenty of fresh fish and seafood and the pasta was just perfect. My husbands said his pork was fabulous. I can't say enough great things about LaCalabria. I am just thinking about when I can come back. Oh, the cheesecake was out of this world! Highly recommend it.
4	Food = deliciousAmbiance = mehService = mehValue = mehStarted with the arancini (Italian rice balls) - this was our first time and they were delicious.  For the main course we each got the veal (the lady got the picatta - which was served with capers and a heap o' brocolli, I got the parmesan, which was yum-tastic and served with penne and their fresh marinara).The ambiance felt a little tacky - with the exception of some very unique posters advertising some of their specials and promotions.  The service started off okay, a nice older gentleman who had the coolest Italian accent.  More than a couple times we went thirsty with empty glasses, but the weirdest part came at the end of the night.When you dine with other couples, it's not out of the ordinary for said couples to pay individually.  This only becomes a problem when the bill comes hand-written and the waiter can't read his own chicken scratch.  It's not good to end the evening making the customer feel like they're putting you out trying to separate things.So a few drinks, an appetizer and two main courses came to $80 with tip - it's just a shame that it ended on a somewhat sour note.
4	What a cute place! We came in here for dinner and were pleasantly surprised! This is a definite family feeling environment, the service was really friendly and welcoming. We had told the hostess (who I think is part owner) that it was our first time and she came over a few times throughout our dinner to ask how everything was and offer suggestions. She also provided us with free drinks on the house to end our superb meal.The Balsamic Chicken is AMAZING and the Pear Salad was a little piece of fresh heaven. Great combination of flavors and dressing.You will definitely enjoy a visit here...slightly overpriced, but the service and environment make up for all of that!
5	Top quality Italian food in a restaurant with one owner as chef and the other running the dining room. It's no accident this place has plenty of business. My wife had eaten there several times and had great things to say so for Mother's Day Eve, we struck and it was all she had said. The house Fettucini Calabria was delightful. Our guest got a seafood medley over 'bata?' noodles that was superb. The difference in seafood cooked by someone who knows what they are doing compared with the usual fare most places is pretty amazing. Clare, the hostess, told us they go out of their way to obtain fresh seafood. Maybe that is the difference.I'll go out on a limb here and propose that the item that maybe best typifies this restaurant is their signature martini - I think called a Calabratini. Raspberry liquor and shaved chocolate in the bottom of the glass and then vanilla vodka, Irish Creme, and espresso poured from a height out of ice cold metal shakers. Hello. I am a bit of a martini snob. And not really much of a sweet drinks guy. This martini is like a martini candy bar seducing a throbbing young nubile virgin. Slides down like a sneaking Don Juan and then 'Pow. Hello there different world.' Drivers: I'd suggest only one.If you want to see how to run a restaurant right, check out La Calabria Ristorante. We'll be back. More than once. Enjoy.
3	I wanted to LOVE LOVE LOVE this place and be dying to come back, but i'm really not unfortunately. I must say, the food was better than Olive Garden, Carraba's, ect for sure. Got a seafood pasta dish with white/garlic sauce instead of the red. It was a tad watery and bland. I guess I just expected more flavor. The people are very nice that work there, but service is slow. They don't come back to often to see if you want another glass of wine, ect. The bill took quite a bit to get to us as well. We may come back, but i'm not counting the days to return.
5	Wonderful place i went there with my brother and friend and his wife and daughter. Service was great and food was wonderful. We shared the Fried Calamari and I had the Penne Alla vodka and a Cannoli.  I will be coming back for sure. Waitress was one of the owners she was very friendly and is from NY so it was great knowing a fellow Ny'er owned it, the bus boy was on point when our drinks were almost done he was there with a new one and refilled  our bread as soon as it was requested. TY to my friend Rob for this suggestion.
5	this is a new find for my husband and i and i have to say that we love it! the desserts are wonderful. the pasta is fresh and yummy!! the sauce, it is a bit sweet, just perfect. we are so happy to have found this gem.
5	this restaurant has always radiated class. la calabria ristorante cannot be equalled in any other place.the assortment of salads and main courses are wonderful.
4	We loved what we ate: two kind of fish specialities, the crispy calamari appetizer and of course real tiramisu and a very good vanilla cannoli.The taste was Italian authentic.We'll be back here.
5	MemorandumDate: August 27 2013To: People Interested in Fine DiningFrom: Zac R.Subject: La Calabria RistoranteHere is a little background on La Calabria Ristorante. Before arriving to the restaurant, I did some research online, and figured out that this place is family and locally owned in Gilbert. The owner Giovanni is originally from Calabria, Italy, and he moved to the United States in his thirties. Since the owner is from Italy, I made the assumption that this place would be quite authentic and delicious. When I entered the restaurant I realized it was fine dining. The place was decorated as if it was a part of Italy, having numerous maps of Italy all over the restaurant and bottles of wine everywhere. Having traveled to Italy, the atmosphere was extremely reminiscent of being in Italy. The servers make you feel like part of the family, almost as if they knew you previously. There is a faint sound of Italian music in the background such as the great Andrea Bocelli. Before ordering or receiving any food, this restaurant deserves an A for service and atmosphere.The menu has a wide variety of authentic Italian food dishes ranging from seafood to veil. I ordered the Linguine Rusticana which was a seafood dish composed of shrimp and linguine noodles in a white wine sauce with mushrooms and spinach. The shrimp was cooked to perfection, and practically melted in your mouth with every chew. Overall, this restaurant is a full cultural experience into the Italian cuisine and deserves every person to dine at.
1	I went there last night and I ordered the calamari. It had no taste and was very expensive. And the service was not very good. I will not be back
5	Tonight our table had the Butternut Squash Ravioli and the Lamb balsamic Reduction.....yummy good! I have never been disappointed in the specials. I love Giovanni and Clara, their staff is well trained too. Some how they always make me feel like a guest and at the same time like I have come home.  I highly recommend.
5	Had a great Fathers Day meal last night at Calabrias.   We started off with fried calamari- cooked to perfection. My husband ordered the pasta  special - homemade fettucini with crab meat and spinach.  He LOVED it!  I had the veal piccata which was Delicious!  We also order a white wine by the glass Pio ? - $10 per glass and it was wonderful!   Capped the evening off with a shared tiramisu ( the best we ever had) which was homemade, an espresso & cappuccino.  What a great way to celebrate a wonderful father and husband at a very low key restaurant!We will be back for sure!
3	Food wasn't anything special, and no diaper changing stations in the bathrooms. The staff is very friendly though.
5	Super cute, authentic Italian food with great service and fantastic food! Would recommend it to anyone-first good Italian place I've been to since moving to Arizona 5 years ago :)
1	The only reason I gave them 2 stars (see last paragraph) is that my children loved their food. We arrived at the restaurant and about half of the tables were full. We were seated and given water within 10 minutes. We waited another 15 minutes to place our drink order. The waiter was rude and condescending to my 11-year old daughter when she asked what the Italian soda tasted like. His reply? "It tastes like Italian soda, what do you think?" Then asked if that's what she wanted.  When my husband asked for ranch dressing on his salad he says "all the kids want ranch nowadays." My husband is 37.  After waiting another 15 minutes to order food, my husband and I each ordered a different special. My iced tea was empty at this point and remained that way until we left.   I watched as a table that had just ordered received their food, which was exactly what we ordered. Only when the man complained that his food was wrong did our waiter apologize to THEM for giving them another tables food, ours.  They rushed his correct plate, while after 35 minutes we were still waiting. No apologies, we had to ask to be brought bread that every other table was given upon sitting. 3 tables were seated and done while we sat there. Far too expensive to ever go back again. Food was tasteless and bland. So disappointed I'm changing my rating to one star.
5	We were looking for a new restaurant to try in our area and came across La Calabria on Yelp.  It was in a strip mall so not very impressive from the outside but the decor is nice, the waitstaff was incredibly friendly and helpful and the food was terrific!  My husband had one of the specials and I had a pasta off of the menu and we both cleaned our plates!  We can't wait to go back.  Added bonus - We have a 2 year old so are always looking for a nice restaurant that is accepting of children.  It was definitely an "adult" place but did have a children's menu and crayons.  It was very child friendly although there was only one other child there during our meal.  Great find!
5	Authentic Italian served with authentic Italian Hospitality!
5	A great app. And glass of wine to top off a beautiful day here in Az! Salmon with asparagus drizzled with a pesto sauce. The asparagus was cooked to perfection. This is my favorite dinner or drink and light bite at the bar place.  You can never go wrong with the specials and Clara, Giovanni and staff always make you feel welcome and at home. I love to see the support this local mom & pop place is getting from the neighborhood. **** I would recommend reservations on the weekends.  There is something on the menu sure to please everyone in your party.
5	I love La Calabria.  It is a locally owned restaurant and right away that is a nice change from the chain food haven we live in here in AZ.  La Calabria's head chef is actually the owner who was born and raised in Italy so you can't get more authentic than that.  The owners are very friendly and they will remember you if you take the time to talk to them. The ambiance is simple and reminds me of a lot of restaurants I was raised on on the East Coast.  The sauce is just the way I like and that is not an easy task as I somewhat consider myself an Italian food snob.  I love the Veal Parmigiana as it, again, is just what I am used to.  In this day of chain restaurants, it is nice to see a mom and pop establishment make it through.  I hope they will be around for a long time to come.
5	I have to admit that I got surprised big time tonight.  I've been to La Calabria a few times before with family and they have always been good.  Tonight they blew me away.  I've only had two Italian restaurants blow me away before, tonight at La Calabria and another night at Cucina Urbana in San Diego..I had the linguini with white clam sauce and my wife had the Pappadelle with mushroom sauce.  Both were made to perfection.  The pasta was al dente and homemade making such a difference.  My clam sauce dish came with a ring of wonderfully sweat clams surrounding the top of the pasta.  The chucks of garlic were large and perfect sized so not to overwhelm the dish.   So many places get this wrong and smash up garlic and overpowering a dish but this was perfect.  The bread was rustic and hard crusted and served with a seasoned Olive OIl that had sun dried tomatoes and herbs.  I used the last of it to sop up the clam sauce that escaped my pasta leaving only a slight indication my plate ever had food on it.  The service was great and the owners were both around to make sure everything was great.  My wife is a first generation Italian and between her and the family, I have always been kept well satisfied with homemade Italian food.  They hold this place in very high regard and now I fully understand why.  They are the ultimate food critics particularly when it comes to Italian and La Calabria gets the nod  every time. .  A tip you may want to consider is to order Gaetano Sambuca with a side of espresso to end the evening. The Sambuca is a lower-proof version and has a perfect mellow flavor to it.
5	I hardly ever give 5 stars. This is well beyond deserved. Some of the best Southern Italian  food I have ever had. In Italy, SF, Chicago, London, or New York.Sure it's located inside a strip mall some of the best restaurants I've had the pleasure dining at have been. It's Mom And Pop and I appreciate that. Service: excellent. Very welcoming, informed, and they are kid friendly. Food: we had the calamari and Burrata caprese to start. Both were superb. The Burrata was house made with fresh tomatoes, basil, arugula. Yum! Meatballs: my son had his first meatball loved it. The marinara was perfect. Bright not too sweet. Chicken Marsala: best Marsala I've ever had. Fettuccine La Calabria: house made pasta. Cooked perfectly. Shrimp, peas, . prosciutto tomatoes, mushrooms white wine and garlic! OMG. I'll dream about this! Desserts: some are made in house and some are not. We got the chocolate cannoli in the cheesecake both made in house. Both Fantastic. We will be back.
5	Amazing homemade Italian food!!! House made pasta! Best Italian food we've found since moving here 5 years ago!!! Highly Recommended!
5	We've been looking for a place like this since moving to the east side several years ago. Excellent homemade Italian food from an authentic family owned restaurant. They make you feel like family. The people who complain about the wait on their food have clearly never been outside the chain restaurants. Quality Italian food, or any food for that matter, takes time.Stuffed mushrooms were good, the lobster ravioli was amazing and the cheesecake and tiramisu is some if the best.
5	We went here as a group of six and sat right down at 420pm on fathers day. The place is well hidden but easy to find. I picked this place because the yelp reviews were 4-5's. We were definitely pleased with the choice, it is the best Italian food we have ever had. The black linguini with seafood was awesome, lasagna was great, veal was some off the best, and the kids were very happy with theirs. The wait staff was great fast and attentive. There was 3-4 helping at every table, granted it's a small place but it got busy after we got there. Never had to find the waiter or waitress they were there ready to help when we thought of something we needed. This will become a regular place for us, though a little pricy. Four adults and two kids for $110 and we only had entrees and 3 soft drinks. But it's that good! Thanks yelp reviewer's never would have found this place otherwise.
3	I'm am giving 3 stars for a combination of things. The food I would probably give a 4 and the service a 2. We had two pasta dishes both were very good. I asked to see the dessert menu before our dinner came out and our server said, "we usually bring that out after your meal" I said ok. After the meal she brought the dessert menu and I was full at this point. Then she said "well you said you wanted dessert earlier", almost mad I didn't want anything. I will probably give this place another chance and hope I get a different server.
5	BEST ITALIAN FOOD IN THE VALLEY! I am a frequent diner and have never been disappointed. Whatever is on special that night is always incredible. I'm from New York, and I've been to Italy, and this food is definitely comparable.
3	Food gets 5 Stars. Service is definitely to be desired for. Do NOT go there unless you plan to spend a couple of hours there. The attentiveness of the staff is less than stellar at best. I went on a Friday night so was expecting it to be busy, but 2 hours is just plain ridiculous. Again, I have zero complaints about the food, I thought every dish we ordered was amazing, but not really a fair trade-off for that length of time. In addition, it was extremely hot inside the restaurant causing even more grief. I don't normally give poor reviews, but patrons need to be made aware of what they're getting themselves into when deciding to dine here.
5	The salad that comes with the meal was nice.  Different kinds of lettuce, it was nice and fresh.  I had the linguini with clam red sauce, it was very tasty.For desert I had the pistachio gelato, that was really good too.Everything was really exceptional.  I would go back for more.
5	The best Italian food ever!  We love this place.  The marinara sauce is incredible!  Everything tastes so fresh and home cooked.  We have always had good service.  One time I ordered mussels and they did not taste good at all.  The male owner saw that I wasn't eating them and asked me what was wrong.  When I told him the mussels tasted fishy and old he thanked me profusely for letting him know.  I've had the mussels prior to and after this one incident and they are excellent.   You can tell the minute you walk in the door that the owners take great pride in this restaurant.  I highly recommend this place if you want divine Italian food!
3	Our friends who live in Gilbert really like this restaurant. They have talked of it often. We dined there recently at our request. This is a mom and pop operation which operates in a space in a strip mall. The location doesn't concern me. Many fine restaurants are to be found in a mall setting. The problem we faced this visit was that the owner who runs the front was home sick. She normally takes care of our friends and service suffered. Service wasn't awful but our friends could tell the difference. The food was good but not five star.  The prices were on the high end but not extreme.  My clam linguine was decent but I have had better elsewhere. My wife was happier with her tortellini in cream sauce. The salad that is included was good. We didn't have dessert. If our friends suggest it, we would be willing to try it again.
1	I tried to eat here one day and when I walked up to the door DURING BUSINESS hours and tried to open it the woman rudely told me that they were 'clearly not open' because they were having a meeting. I live right around the corner from you guys and you certainly won't be getting my business!
4	Friendly. Casual. Quality Italian meal. Owners present and attentive. Highly recommend.
3	We have been to La Calabria a couple of times and the food has been excellent. The butternut squash ravioli is fantastic. Service is a little overwhelming. Give me some time to read the menu please. A little pricey for what you get. Made the mistake of having the house chianti. We did not care for it.
2	I had high expectations based on the reviews. Unfortunately, we were not impressed at all with the food or the service.  The appetizer was good (crepes with mushrooms and pancetta), the bread was hard and had no flavor, the chicken marsala tasted like cheap frozen chicken breasts with and the sauce was sweet and had a maple syrup taste to it. Yuck! The rigatoni with vodka sauce had a very good sauce, but the rigatoni was not homemade and it was too firm. The tiramisu was excellent. Oh, also no brewed iced tea, just the fountain stuff. Very disappointed :(
5	The place was awesome! All the food was right on point. We ordered appetizers, and dinner, each meal was perfectly spaced out. Even the side salad was delicious. You can really see how much the owners are involved and care about their business! Way better than a boring chain restaurant.
5	My favorite Italian place. Food is authentic and fresh.  Excellent menu with even better specials. Vast wine selection to match the food. They wine dinner nights are a great way to enjoy time with friends and family over a multi course meal.
5	Easily best Italian food in 70 mile radius.  Absolutely one of my favorites.  It is very unassuming from the outside as its in a strip mall behind Discount Tire, but it packs a punch.  Its a small local business the wife is one of the servers and is the sweetest lady ever.  I have been here a few times and the service is always excellent.  For the food:  it is pricey so it's not an every day place, but worth the splurge on a date night or special occasion.  Everything taste fresh with high quality ingredients.  The dinner specials are always different and well put together to fuse food, flavor, and overall dining experience.  Please start off with the mussels with white sauce. They are some of the best I've ever had.  As soon as you taste the pasta you can tell its cooked Al Dente which is so much better. .  I encourage everyone to go here to not only support a local business, but to experience excellent cuisine.
