4	Upfront.. the owners of Sweet Republic are good friends of me and the Mr.. so its that awkward position that I didn't really think about until now. To Yelp or not to Yelp, that is the question. The thing is you feel you want to give their business 5 stars but perhaps risk your Yelp integrity because they are friends of yours. The cool thing is that they are both Yelpers as well so they understand!! Let me tell you.. Sweet Republic is not a chain.. its local, natural and delicious. Last night the Mr and I were so in the mood for ice cream we surprised our friends by just showing up. We hadn't been in the space since it was still under construction but let me say that the store turned out great! A tight and bright modern comfort feeling comes over you as soon as you walk in the door. In fact Bizzare Love Triangle was playing as we walked in.. I used to love that song! We immediately were greeted by 2 beautiful smiling faces.. so add warm to the store as well! be sure to look down.. the concrete floors are striking!Immediately me and the Mr got our game on.. SR offers several varieties of sorbet, ice cream and a small assortment of baked goods.. ALL made on premises! (love locals!) We started with tastings of Lime and Basil sorbet, followed by Pear and Ginger then Coconut.. the coconut sorbet was some of the best Ive tried.. in fact it was the only Ive ever tried. Rich and creamy for sorbet with pieces of shredded coconut.. just wonderful!We moved onto ice cream.. me and the Mr can be quite gluttonous when something is good.. I think we sampled most of the flavors of ice cream but the shining star was the Salted Carmel!! Seriously good stuff here! You know how some people can compare certain foods with sexual experiences.. this for me was one of them.. creamy, rich, sweet, slightly salty, chewy goodness! If you have anything have this one.. I know it'll be a claim to fame as it's done so well!SR also makes frozen yogurt. Not the super sweet, super tangy variety you find at the Pinkberry clones but a subtly flavored low sweetness froyo. They even make their own yogurt.. we're talking ground up here kids.. no corners cut! They offer a variety of toppings both for the frozen yogurt and the ice cream.. though because they are as natural as possible you wont find neon colored kid cereal but healthy granola, fruits and sauces. This makes them truly different since they are doing exactly what they believe in. Let's not forget the small assortment of baked goods.. we only tried the meringues.. delicious! The cookies and banana bread looked awesome.. next time! In the cold case they also have some pints prepacked as well as a few house made frozen novelties. The brownie cookie ice cream sandwich will be the next thing I try!!If you like wholesome, natural and yummy this will be a great place to spend some time. They even have free wifi so you can 'chill' for a while!I hope I did them justice without being overly gushy as well as loyal to my Yelp integrity.
4	Berry revolution... that's the way to go at Sweet Republic!  Actually, I don't think you can go wrong, but I sampled the berry revolution yesterday and I think I'm in love!  It's non-fat tart frozen yogurt topped with homemade granola, berry coulis, and fresh blueberries - it's delicious!  Of course, the various ice cream flavors, shakes, sundaes, cookie sandwiches, and more looked pretty amazing also.The store is clean and really adorable with bright cheerful fun colors, comfy tables, and really nice bathrooms too - go and check out the faucet and floor; for whatever reason, I noticed both and was pretty impressed!  You can tell that a lot of thought was put into the design and layout at Sweet Republic - Jan and Helen did a fantastic job with it... Go support your local business owners (who happen to be yelpers as well) and taste some of the homemade goodness that Sweet Republic has to offer.  I'll be back soon for sure!  PS - free wi-fi is an extra perk, and no matter where you're coming from, Sweet Republic is easy to access - just east of the 101 / Shea exit off of 92nd street.
4	Wow...what a great dessert spot. I went tonight because Gabi K. was raising money for cystic fibrosis. Sweet Republic agreed tonight to give their proceeds to CF . That shows you what great owners they are.  I split the ice cream sandwich with my fiance. The cookie was delicious and they make them all fresh there. They had different choices, but we went with the vanilla ice cream and chocolate chip cookie. They do have a bunch of cookies to choose from to get by itself.  My fiance tried the Rocky Road ice cream and it was to die for. They even put the marshmallows and all their ingredients  fresh there.  We were going to go back for seconds, but decided to wait until next time.   I did taste my friend Shaun's fat free tart yogurt. I would definitely go back to get that next time because it was excellent. I like fat free frozen yogurt, so the only thing I would like to see is more fat free yogurt flavors.  However...thank goodness there more ice cream places to chose from here in AZ rather than Cold Stone... I have been waiting.For sure check out sweet republic...
5	I didnt know where I was headed, so I passed the place.  I won't forget where it is now.One of the above reviews mentioned unique flavors that push the envelope.  I dived right into one myself.Dates and Bleu cheese.What an amazing little treat for a cheese lover like me to find this flavor in an ice cream shop!  I did a double take and had to sample it!  Eating the ice cream was delicious.  You can't really begin to taste the bleu cheese until a few bites into a cup.  The sweetness of the dates really compliments cheese.  From sweet and creamy right into the aftertase of bleu cheese... wow.If would say that if I was in the area, I would try another flavor, but I am totally hooked on this flavor now.
4	I attended the Yelp event here, and I was happy to say that I really liked this place.  For starters, I think all thier ice cream is made on site.  Kind of like how Cold stone is.  They have a variety of traditional and non traditional flavors, both in ice cream and I think sorbet or gelato flavors.  If you have a hard time deciding between flavors, they will let you sample to help you decide.I chose to get the rocky road ice cream.  I have to say, it was tasty.  It was not heavy tasting, and went down easy.   It was good! Portion size was appropriate, and my favorite part, the pricing was fair.I hate to openly compare businesses in reviews, but I will pitt this place against coldstone, in regards to similar resemblences.  What makes this place better then coldstone, is the mere fact that A) thier not as expensive, B)  I felt like it was more of an independant non corporate feel, C) they have a small but adaquate selection of ice cream to please most peoples pallats.As for the location, its colorful with ample seating.  Its kind of long and narrow, but large enough to accomidate a group of people.  Also, the bathrooms are really pretty!  The menu is also easy to read, colorful, and its rather calming to enter this location.I reccomend this place to just about anyone.  It sure beats coldstone any day of the week!
5	I wish this place was closer to me because I would be a regular for sure!  Came here to support Gabi K. because she was raising money for CF and for my support I got ice cream... yay:).  The owners of Sweet Republic are yelpers too and they were so wonderful for donating a 100% of the proceeds for Gabi's cause.  I tried the honey yogurt and I think it was a Mayan chocolate... they both were spectacular!  I also brought home some cookies for my sweetie which he loved also.   When I am in the neighborhood I will definitely stop by again.
5	I should never have tried this place...it's all I can think about now!  The worst part is that it's near my gym, so I am tempted to go every time I workout, thus defeating the purpose of actually working out.  Oh well, I can't help it... I love you Sweet Republic.  I love that cinnamon ice cream I can't remember the name of and the honey blue cheese ice cream is really unique.  You have ruined me, I no longer care for anything else and now I have to workout twice as hard because I know there is no way that I can resist.  You have melted my will power!
5	By far the best Ice Cream and desserts ever!!!! I live next door. Blessing, or Curse? Any way the waffle cones are off the chain, and everything is made there.The caramel, the brownies, the cones, everything is made there. Very admirable, Rock on!!!Seriously try the carmel ice cream, soo good!!
5	Like David S.B., Jason W., and others, I had the pleasure of meeting owners Helen and Jan before visiting Sweet Republic.  Had I not met Helen and Jan, I might not have made the drive up from South Phoenix to give Sweet Republic a try.  Having done so, however, I can honestly say that the ice creams I sampled at Sweet Republic were so delicious, inventive, and satisfying that it almost doesn't seem right to call them ice cream.  I went with Christine O., and together, we sampled the Cheese Course Duo, Ginger Pear, Rocky Road, and Salty Caramel.  All four were delicious, but the Cheese Course Duo was my personal favorite.Even if you don't live or work nearby, I highly recommend finding a reason to head up to Scottsdale so that you can give Sweet Republic a try.  Personally, I'm keeping my fingers crossed that after this store takes off, Helen and Jan will find a way to open a second location in South Phoenix or Downtown!
5	Like many other reviewers, I know Sweet Republic's owners (fellow Yelper, Helen Y. and Jan). Knowing them may have been what made my husband (Myles M) and me drive all the way up from South Phoenix to North Scottsdale, but knowing them would not make me give them an unwarranted 5-star rating. I have high standards for my food and drink, so I can guarantee you that my 5-star rating of Sweet Republic's is 100% genuine. Good cuisine always places a huge focus on two things: 1) using fresh, high-quality ingredients; and 2) combining these ingredients in a simple, thoughtful way that maximizes the individual flavors (think "the whole is greater than the sum of its parts"). Based on this definition, Sweet Republic makes great food that just happens to be ice cream. All of the ice creams, sorbets, and yogurts use ultra-fresh and natural ingredients (e.g., fresh mint, locally-roasted espresso, wild desert honey, handmade marshmallows) and the flavors thoughtfully combine ingredients that really go well together (e.g., pear and ginger, basil and lime, blue cheese and dates, blueberry and orange). Helen and Jan know what goes well together, too, and they will be happy to suggest flavor combinations of the different ice creams that work well together. When I started to order the Cheese Course flavor with Rocky Road, simply because those two flavors sounded the best to me, Jan suggested that I pair the Cheese Course with a fruit flavor. I took her advice, paired it with the Pear Ginger, and the cool, subtle sweetness of the pear and ginger flavors did wonders to cut the strong blue cheese flavor. I felt like I should have had a glass of wine to go with my cheese and fruit! My husband ended up ordering the Rocky Road with the Salted Caramel, which was by far my favorite flavor, and these two also paired wonderfully. We also had an opportunity to try the bacon ice cream, which was sweet and salty at the same time. If it sounds weird, just think of how great bacon tastes when it rubs up against your pancakes and gets maple syrup on it! I always value an establishment's food and drink more than decor, presentation, etc., but in the case of Sweet Republic, the same attention and care paid to the sweets is also paid to the establishment's look, branding, and messaging, which only adds to the business' appeal. The shop is decorated in a bright, modern decor that manages not to look cookie-cutter in a sea of Ikea-decorated shops, the bathrooms are designed beautifully and are super clean, the menu is attractive and easy to read, and the website is well-written and contains all the pertinent information. This is a great, local business whose owners care about making fresh, flavorful, and thoughtful ice creams and other desserts. I'm glad I met them and therefore had the incentive to go check it out. You should, too!
5	Sweet Republic was so good that I came here the very next day after I discovered it.  I felt a little bit guilty having the scooper help me test almost all of their delicious flavors, but I figured I am going to become their best customer ever!  Their Belgium chocolate is creamy and has just a delicious chocolate flavor.  Their pumpkin ice cream tastes just like pie and their sorbets are icy goodness.
5	This place is seriously amazing.  I sampled the date and blue cheese ice cream and it was phenomenal.  I'm not sure I could eat an entire cup of it but it is definitely a must for sampling.  I got a small cup of the peanut butter ice cream with chocolate chunks in it.  I definitely did not regret this post lunch decision.  I seriously can't wait to go back and try more of their ice creams, sorbets, and milkshakes!  Read their framed newspaper article on the far back wall.  Really cool story!  I definitely hope this business sticks around for a long time!
5	I'm sitting here thinking about all the wonderful things that Jan and Helen make at Sweet Republic. They both work so hard to make sure that everyone who visits has a great experience at their store.. the last time I visited I had a frozen yogurt (gotta watch my bearish figure) and it was the smoothest, creamiest and tastiest frozen yogurt Ive had. Even after visiting Pinkberry a few weeks back I realized just how much better their product is. I know that when they make any of their tasty creations its honest to goodness.
5	ummmmmmm, I mean yummmmmmmmm. Look out Ben & Jerry's! I just finished dinner at Jade Palace and saw a sign in the window above the restaurant. Ice Cream!!!! Who am I to pass this up? When I walked into Sweet Republic I felt partly like I was in a hands on exhibit at a local child's museum. The walls were fun to touch  and the design was very trendy. And according to Helen one of the co-owners, every detail  was looked at for the best product they could use from low emission paints to recycled plants to  make the table tops. It looks like a cool place to hang out. NOW the most important part of the store. The Home Made Ice Cream!!!! The creamiest ice cream I've had in a long time. Very flavorful, the pumpkin spice was to die for. It tasted like pumpkin pie. And the praline was decadent. Then I bought a chocolate chip, walnut oatmeal cookie for $1.00. And she even heated it up for me. All I can say is don't walk over there, RUN!!!! IT'S THAT GOOD!
5	Awesome ice cream (salty caramel anyone?) and the lime basil sorbet was tremendous. I've been through here a number of times now, and love the creative flavors (the Thai coconut is yummy) and the friendly service. Probably the best gelato place that I have tried and it seems to be healthy with good ingredients.
5	Sweet Republic Ice Cream  - We love the flavors - Rosemary Chocolate, Pear Ginger, Brownie Swirl and too many to list!  Bring us back to Sweet Republic Artisan Ice Cream time and time again for intense, interesting and delicious home made ice cream, forever!  B&B Scottsdale
5	I am lactose intolerant.  Well, not me so much as my stomach.  Not to be too descriptive, but I don't feel well after eating foods/drinks with dairy.  For Sweet Republic, I am willing to deal with the pain.  Sweet Republic has fantastic Ice Cream, Ice Cream sandwiches, and more.  Since it is an individually owned and operated business, the deserts taste slightly different every time I go...and that is great.  Unlike chains, Sweet Republic is creating ice cream with unique, and sometimes, slightly changing, recipes.
4	Before leaving home for work this morning, I emailed Sweet Republic to ask if any of the flavors offered this week are free of corn syrup since I was getting out early from work today.  I thought I'd leave it to fate to decide for me if I was swinging by SR or heading straight home from work.  Helen quickly replied with a list and even emailed a second time to determine if I was allergic to all corn products [yes I am :(].  My answer eliminated all of the sorbets, but she did say that the Tart Yogurt soft-serve is safe for me. First sample was the Tart yogurt, and yes, it was tart, palate-cleansing, and quite refreshing.  I would definitely order this on a cake cone someday, or have it in a cup with fresh strawberries!  Other flavors I tried were:Chocolate Rosemary- D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S.  I am a fan of rosemary, a relaxing herb, so the combination of the two flavors was like "the calm before the storm"; first, the whiff of rosemary enveloped me in a comforting embrace and then I was knocked over by bold chocolate!  This was definitely going into the pint cup I was taking home with me.  I knew I had to find another flavor that could stand up to this perfect duet.Apple Pie- LOVED the textures in this ice cream.  Chunks of granny smith apples and bits of ginger and cinnamon spice.  Such huge flavors from such a tiny sample.  Unbelievable!  A huge contender in the pint-to-go category.Sumatra Espresso Shot- WINNER!  I could definitely taste real espresso in this sample.  It'll be hard to find a better version than this!  And yes, I took home a pint of Chocolate Rosemary and Sumatra Espresso Shot.  I had to taste it when I got home, and I'm ashamed to admit that the container was only half-full when it finally found its way into the freezer.  I was slightly disappointed that I couldn't take home some Apple Pie, but Apple Pie, Espresso, and Chocolate Rosemary just didn't sound right.  I'm sure Helen and Jan can offer up something clever on my next visit!  Maple Pecan- I had high expectations for this one, since I love pecans, but all I tasted was fine maple, and the pecans only gave the ice cream a crunchy texture.  Perhaps the bold flavors of apple, ginger, coffee, and chocolate saturated my tastebuds, and I therefore couldn't taste anything else.  I'm going to need to sample this first thing on my next visit.Belgian Chocolate- Smoooooooth!  Oh yeah!  I had Helen whip up a brownie sundae incorporating scoops of Belgian Chocolate and Vanilla Bean, brownie chunks, fresh whip cream, and a long drizzle of Salted Butter Caramel sauce.  Oh my!  I am at a loss for words... Other store offerings include fresh-baked cookies (chocolate chip, meringue, molasses spice, and peanut butter), a buffet of toppings, ice cream sandwiches, and ice cream pies.  The store's interior was clean, colorful, and inviting. Kudos to Helen and Jan for offering up such high-quality sweets.  Now if only I could persuade them to add chocolate-dipped waffle cones and bowls to their cone selections of NAKED (not like Sweet Republic needs to add a sex element to sell its goodies!) waffle cones and waffle bowls.  Well, alright, the cones did have chocolate chips in the bottom, but it's just not the same.  Then again, with ice cream sandwiches and pies, shakes, sundaes, and cookies, who needs chocolate-dipped cones??
5	This is seriously good ice cream. And, they are so welcoming -- encouraging you to taste your way through the many flavors on your visit. Plus, I love that they source locally and are conscientious of the environment in their decor and product.My first visit, I went with a friend and with each sample taste, I would try a little and pass the spoon for my friend to try also. Then, I got a taste of the salted butter caramel ice cream. I took my little taste and new instantly that I would order a scoop!Quickly, a shameful panic swept over me. In spite of knowing that I was about to order a whole scoop of this delicious treat, I could not bear the thought of parting with the remaining bite. I looked to my friend. To the woman behind the counter. Back to my friend. Back to the woman behind the counter..."Um, can she have her own taste of this one?" Truly, that basically sums up Sweet Republic's ice cream. Its sophisticated flavors like Cheese Course Duo (a pairing of Roquefort blue cheese and local Medjool dates) or Basil Lime sorbet, or the oft referenced Chocolate Rosemary, peak your grown up interest and get you through the door -- the great taste pushes that grown up aside and brings out the five year old inside of you!  They even let you chose what type of spoon you want... a standard plastic spoon, an old fashioned wooden "ice cream stick" or a tiny little neon colored spoon!!!
4	What incredibly friendly people work at Sweet Republic! I went in and waded through a sea of small children (ugh) to get to the counter, where my curiosity and indecision was completely approved of. I got to try chocolate rosemary, mint chip and honey yogurt, all of which I liked very much. I went ahead and got a double cup of the latter two and sat down in their patio seating area to enjoy the afternoon and my two scoops. I love that SR is an independent ice cream-otier in a society full of baskin robbins and stone cold creamery. plus you don't feel like you have to run a marathon to work off their treats, especially since the sorbets and yogurts are fat free and everything is made onsite with natural products.
5	I pledge allegiance to the Sweet Republic and the deliciousness for which it stands, one location with so many flavors, with something amazing and incredible for all.I cannot say enough good things about Sweet Republic. How sweet it is.I don't think you can go wrong here. If corn flavored ice cream is one of the best things I ever tasted, how can one go wrong? Whatever Helen, one of the owners and the genius behind the incredible array of flavors, tells me to put in my mouth I will. From the traditional Vanilla Bean to the unconventional Corn flavor, there is definitely something for everyone. The ingredients are top of the line and it comes through in the flavors. All the ice cream is made on the spot.The decor is cool, well-designed, comfortable, friendly and eco-friendly wherever possible. The service is great, the staff is nice. So don't hesitate, the ice cream here is not only full of wonderful flavor, but it is a wonderful experience as well.
5	Exceptionally delicious ice cream, super-creative flavors, great service, and nice decor. It's so nice to see such serious gourmet thought put into ice cream. Basil lime sorbet? Sounds odd, but it's SO refreshing. Salted butter caramel? Awesome. Cantaloupe sorbet? Sweet and yummy. You really can't go wrong with any of their flavors. The staff and owners are very nice. Regrettably, they picked a poor location with almost no visibility.  Even with the great PR and word-of-mouth they've received, they're usually pretty empty. Hopefully more people will hear about this great place, seek it out, and join the Sweet Republic!
5	What can I say? This place is just money. We've come here several times and just keep coming back despite the fact it isn't that close to home--but it is always worth the drive. The adventurous flavors make this place really interesting compared to other places in town - truly creative... some example are Chocolate Rosemary, Watermelon & Chocolate Chip, Blue Cheese and Fig (my wife's new addiction), and many many others (have no fear, plenty of traditional flavors as well). Foodies will love this place. The owner is so sweet too - she really makes the experience special. My wife has a sweet tooth and a passion for ice cream/gelato, and this is pretty much the only place she ever wants to go anymore (and we've been to a lot).
5	Excellent, ice cream that caters to all palates.  Everything is fresh, natural, and local.  Homemade marshmallows and brownies, and they are always eager to talk and share their ideas.  I'm torn between wanting to keep it a secret and wanting them to succeed!
5	We used to live at 90th and Shea, a mere stone's throw from Sweet Republic. Then we moved to CenPho, and I have yet to find anything around here that compares. Gelato Spot? Nope. Too much commercial hype. I have been known to call ahead and  make sure SR has Mango Lassi before making the trek...
5	There was nothing I didn't like!  I was totally the annoying customer that tried all 50 flavors!!!  I couldn't help myself though - each one was more distinct and unique than the one before.  I just wish you could get half scoops or something so you could get more flavors in one cone!Just a tip: they even heated up my boyfriend's cookie so it was warm and the chocolate chips were all melty!
5	Sweet Republic ice-cream is to die for. You have not really tasted ice-cream until you try theirs. It's not hype. This is truly the best imaginable ice-cream on the planet.
4	When I was a little kid in Santa Barbara there were a couple of times the family went out for ice cream.  I say went out with tongue in cheek, I was raised in a household where kids were to be seen and not heard, and not seen often.  Back then it was quite a drive from the Mesa to McConnell's at Mission and State.  We were left in the car and were only told the only flavors were chocolate, vanilla and strawberry.  Even then I could tell the difference between good ice cream and the 19 cent/half gallon stuff we normally got at the store.  As I grew older I talked my grandmother into taking me there for special occasions.  Then I was introduced to ice cream parlor itself.  I was still only allowed to have two tasting spoons but I got to choose my own flavor.  I finally made it into high school and one summer a friend was dating one of the servers and I was trying to date (unsuccessfully, for about 4 yrs) her younger sister so we spent quite of bit of time at the ice cream parlor and found if you tasted about 6 flavors you basically got a free scoop of ice cream.  When the owner was in back making ice cream flirting/flavor spoon abuse was kept in check.  The owner was a really nice guy and would come up front to help serve when it got busy.  Later on I happened to live across from him and found out more as an adult how nice of a guy he really was.  To this day I judge ice cream by the rich creamy flavors in his case.The years have gone by, there is now a corporate office downtown, the ice cream parlor has moved a couple of blocks away and McConnell's ice cream can be found in stores in the area. Tasting spoons have gotten a lot smaller.  In addition the the high milk fat flavors there are now lighter flavors and sorbets as folks try to eat better.I had met Jan and Helen at a UYE a week prior and had already heard of Sweet Republic from the reviews.  While we eating we got into a round table discussion of how some businesses are identified by their owners as much as the product.  Case in point to start the discussion was Pizzaria Bianco and it spread to my business as well as Sweet Republic and others.  I took advantage of being on the East side of the valley for another UYE to stop in.  I was, of course, recognized and at the time I walked in was the only customer at the counter.   I got to try some flavors and made a choice which I took out and devoured on the bench outside.  Being by the door I could still hear remnants of conversation going on and everybody was treated like family.  So if you are in the East Valley and want great ice cream and other desserts along with great service from people who love what they are doing you need to stop in.  You might even get served up a memory too.The next question is: why only 4 stars?  They lose a half star for being almost an hour away and another half star for being too health conscious.  My ideal of ice cream includes the rich heavy ice creams I grew up with and I just don't feel as guilty eating here. :-)(edited 2/5/09)
5	Just stopped by for an ice cream sandwich. Chocolate chip cookies with belgian chocolate ice cream. Amazing!The staff here are so friendly as well. Best ice cream shop I've ever been to!
5	This is my new go-to place when I want some quality ice cream, sorbet or yogurt.  They say it is all made in small batches using fresh local ingredients.  I had a small Almond Buttercrunch ice cream which was terrific and really hit the spot.  I could really tell that they used only the best and freshest ingredients because the taste was much better than Baskin Robins or Cold Stone ice cream.  My fiance got a small fruit flavored yogurt or sorbet (I forget which) and it was amazing.  It was light and tasty and you could definitely tell that it was made with fresh fruit.The place wasn't too busy and the workers (I think they were the owners) were very friendly and helpful.At about $3 for a very small cup it is pretty pricey, but no doubt worth it.  I will hopefully be back soon to sample some of their other flavors.My only regrets are that I didn't sample more of the 'exotic' flavors and that I didn't use one of their ice cream sticks made from birch wood to eat my ice cream. It makes me happy that there are still entrepreneurs out there that are willing to make a superior product with superior ingredients all the while being environmentally responsible.
5	There's only one thing in the world that could possibly be better than sex with Alessandra Ambrosio-- sex with a Sweet Republic Ice Cream covered Alessandra Ambrosio. It's that good. Anyone have her phone number?
4	It was one of those nights when I wanted something sweet and cold, but I didn't want your average joe ice cream. I read about Sweet Republic in a local magazine and I couldn't believe a Cheese Course Duo ice creamwas offered at the shop. It was a necessity for me to try it that night.I was the only one in the shop by the time I arrived, being close to quitting time but the woman behind the counter was extremely helpful. The first thing I wanted to sample was the Cheese Duo flavor. It consisted of Roquefort cheese and Medjool dates. It was intense, rich and very unexpected.  It was delicious but I wanted something "cooler". Then, as I walked over to the sorbet area, the flavor, Mango Lassi, caught my eye right away. I knew at that moment, the Mango Lassi was my treat for the night. I was so sure of myself, that I didn't even sample it.Once I put the spoon in my mouth, my craving was fulfilled, and I was happy. Nice location, simple interior..i don't want to say Pinkberry inspired interior, but that's what it reminded me of. Thank you Sweet Republic. I'll be back.Gen
5	Mint chocolate chip with lots of real mint...mmmmm! Lime-Basil sorbet. YUM!We tried the famous Cheese Duo but had to go with the Mint Chocolate chip since it's a personal favorite. The owner was super nice explaining the flavors & offering samples. When we asked when they would be serving lychee again she actually offered to put a request in with the ice cream maker. Now that's personal service! I guess it's a good thing I don't live there or I'd be 30 pounds heavier. Go check it out. You won't be sorry!
4	Finally got to Sweet Republic after wanted to try it for awhile.  We arrived around 1pm or so and were the only ones in the shop (though two other parties came in shortly thereafter).  The employee behind the counter was very helpful, offering up as many samples as we wanted (I was good and only had two!).  The wife and I decided to split a 3-scoop cup, with Salted Butter Caramel, Almond Buttercrunch and Sugar & Spice (at least I *think* it was Sugar & Spice, I tried to grab a to-go menu while we were there but they didn't have any printed up at the time).  They were all good, I probably liked the Almond Buttercrunch the best (huge candied pecans mixed in!).  I also sampled the Malted Vanilla flavor, and wow...anyone ordering this as a shake is in for a real treat...I'd be more likely to make it back here if it was a little closer, but probably won't make a special trip just to go here.  I'm sure I'll go again when I'm in the neighborhood though.
5	really tasty. just go. you won't be bummed. don't forget to join their mailing list, too, always coupons and secret flavors :)
5	We live in Downtown Phoenix and made the trek to Scottsdale after hearing about this spot on Arizona Midday.  It was worth the drive.Both of the owners were running the place and providing not only great service, but wonderful and unique flavors. I had the mint chip and chocolate brownie in a sundae and it was heavenly.  My husband tried the salty caramel and peanut butter cup, his too were amazing.The shop is swanky and a great idea.
4	stopped in on a beautiful saturday afternoon. i tried the cheese course duo (not bad, but didn't stand out to me), lime basil (very refreshing)., real mint chip, salted caramel and ended up sharing  a scoop of bacon brittle and sweet corn w/ a friend. bacon brittle was very good, but i just wish there were more bacon brittle pieces. i like my ice cream chunky! the ice cream base itself was good and creamy, but kind of plain. sweet corn was also good, but didn't wow me. i tried a friend's melon duo sorbet.. it was soooo refreshing and tasty! he was totally contemplating about getting another scoop. another friend got the billy goat (chocolate ice cream made w/ goat's milk) and he really liked it too. he said it's really rich and he was jonesing for another scoop as well. can't wait to go back and try more interesting flavors!
4	So I have literally convinced myself I cannot lose weight because of a thyroid disorder, to the point that I have a doctor's appointment next week.  Yet I find myself at Sweet Republic ordering not one, but two scoops and a bottle of coke.  I have wanted to try Sweet Republic for quite some time, but just hadn't managed to get there.  Now I'm sorry I went and sorry I didn't go sooner all at the same time.  I tried the ever popular cheese course duo.  I was really surprised that the blue cheese flavor came through so well, although I don't know why since it is blue cheese.  I would have preferred to see small bits of dates mixed in, but the flavor was definitely there.For my second scoop, I went with the salted caramel.  I'm not saying it wasn't delicious, it was.  But I was hoping to get that little bit of salt here and there...you know how when you bite into a cookie, sometimes it's just sweet, but sometimes you get that little pinch of salt?  That's what I was looking for.  I really didn't detect the salty/sweet combination.  It's great that the shop is laptop friendly since my husband seems to always be on call.  Love the contemporary, yet warm decor.  Nice, CLEAN bathrooms as well!  And the best part...my husband works across the street and they have containers to go!  Now if only he would answer my calls.  And if you know my doctor, please don't tell him I was here.  Wait...is he on Yelp?
5	What else can I say that hasn't been said already?  I'm weirdly glad that they're not closer ( in fact very far away from me) because I'll be there every day = gaining tons of weight!My baby loved the mango lassi flavor! So much he did the sign for "more " for the first time at the store:)I do want to try the bacon flavor....so a trip soon is in order
5	Forgive me wedding diet god, for I have sinned... I splurged again last night. But, it was a holiday, so that is my excuse!My job was to bring dessert to our Passover dinner, so I decided Sweet Republic would be perfect.  I probably overdid it a bit... I brought 4 pints and and extra 'double' for our group of ten.  Don't worry though, we didn't eat it all!I mixed it up a bit this time and brought the following flavors:*Vanilla Bean*Salted Butter Caramel Swirl*Basil Lime Sorbet*Coconut Sorbet*Strawberry SorbetI think the basil lime sorbet was the overall hit, but my brother and i favored the coconut.  It is creamy and tastes exactly like real coconut, it's amazing!  No pint went untouched though, and Sweet Republic was the talk of the group for quite some time.I obviously took all of this 'to-go' and didn't realize until I went to unpack it that Helen and Jan had packed in bags with plenty of ice - so smart!  Sweet Republic has it going on... if you haven't been yet, it's worth a trip!  And now you can also find them at the Old Town Farmers Market every Saturday!  Enjoy!
5	it's so good you dream about it, literallyi was just salivating like pavlov's dog, not drooling, thanks to my sweet dreams. no pun intended.
5	Amazing!I visited my friend in Scottsdale over the weekend and she took me here. Now I'm craving it... hope to return in the near future! Such unique, fresh flavors! Also, the owner is super awesome & friendly.
5	I absolutely loved my first experience at Sweet Republic and am already looking for reasons to go back.  I believe I will start taking all of my friends one at a time (this means many more trips for me)!  I loved the customer service, the flavors and the passion that they clearly have for creating wonderful flavor combinations.  Choosing was the hardest part!  I was only able to decide on what to have after I consoled myself with the knowledge that I would be back soon and could have something different...
5	Almond Buttercrunch.  Fifth star worthy.
5	Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh I love this placeMy boyfriend who hates sweets even loves this placeSalted butter caramel... yum.Honey yogurt...nonfat... YUMI love it.
5	Oh...Ooooh...Oooh my god! ...Yes! Yes! ...Oh erm...hi..ahem...didn't see you there...I was just enjoying some Sweet Sweet love..er I mean Sweet Republic... Oh who am I kidding?! Sweet Republic and I are having a naughty naughty affair!Sinfully delicious ice creams that make you feel a little dirty to tell people about...and you almost don't want to because they might eat up the limited flavours before you get there...but it is so goddamned good that you have to brag...so you do it anyhow...and people look at you funny because you are drooling a little..and you moan a tad between flavour descriptions...so they look at you funny!...until they try it because then they know! Yes darling, sometimes when we make love I fantasize about chocolate billy.
4	I had lunch with a friend yesterday at PCG (Phoenix City Grill) and decided a little sweet treat was in order after lunch.Sweet Republic is right on the way from PCG to my home in Old Town (I'll leave it to you to do the triangulation on that one...GPS says it was right on the way and that's close enough for me...you disobey our silicon masters at your own peril!).As I have mentioned before, I am a "Trendinista".I follow the herd because the herd knows what it knows...sometimes what it knows is good! I followed the herd into the Sweet Republic, got my passport stamped and obtained my extended stay visa.I know, it's just ice cream, right? Right?Well, it's just really good ice cream. I had the vanilla bean (the Bentley of ice creams) and I want more of it, lot's more of it. The vanilla is real vanilla, hand scraped out of the bean by one of the governors of the Republic. The government of the Republic makes its ice cream fresh every day and you really can taste the difference (I also tried the salted butter caramel and the flavors really do come together so nicely!).The government of the Sweet Republic does not have a weapons program or a roads and infrastructure program...for all I know, it might not even be a real government...Maybe that's their genius...a shadow government based on sugar, eggs, milk and flavorings! They may be the only ones I can trust with my ideas around the creation of a federal bacon filled doughnut program...although it might turn into bacon ice cream, now that I am a regular visitor to the Republic of Sweet!
5	mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowwowowwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowSoIHaveBeenSeeing5StarReviewsForThisPlaceForSoLongIHadToTryItmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmMyFriendKevinHWasTryingToExplainSweetRepublic'sAwesomenessAndWhenHeGotToThePointOfTwitteringOneOfTheOwnersToMakeSureHeNabbedTheLastOfAFlavorIKnewIHadToFindOutWhatEveryoneIsObsessingAboutmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmHelenAndJanWereSoNicemmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmJanRecommendedTheCombinationOfMayanChocolateWithAvacadoJalapenoHolyCrapThatWasSomeKindOfOtherworldlyFlavormmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmWeCan'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'tLiveInPhoenixIWouldArrangeLayoversHereJustToGoToSweetRepublicmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmIHaveToGoGetAPintOfTheAvacadoJalapenoNowByemmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwowmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmwow
5	Okay, I said I wasn't going to do this but I couldn't resist.OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Jalapeno Avocado and Mayan Chocolate.  There are no words...
5	This is the best ice cream shop in the Western United States. This is one of those you are an idiot if you don't go there. For all lactose intolerant people (including myself) they have fantastic sorbets available like Basil Lime. Fav ice cream: roquefort blue cheese and dates (ok, I took some tums for it and it was worth it).Do note that they change their flavors around often so it may be different when you go. Another note, this is the same place that was featured recently in Bon Appetit.
5	Fantastic!! Excellent staff recomendations.
5	If I lived in the area I would frequent this ice cream shop. It was suggested I give this place a try from fellow yelpers and I am glad I got here this past weekend. Like many places in Scottsdale the store is in a strip mall and it was a little hard to locate, but once we walked in I knew I would like whatever I choose. I selected the Salted Butter Caramel consisting of soft buttery caramel ribbons in creamy vanilla with a sprinkle of salt. It was SO GOOD! Definitely an adult flavor. It's a little on the pricey side, but as a sweet treat it was great.I also liked that they are proud of their yelp reviews and had a sticker for yelp on their door.
5	Gourmet ice cream at it's best. I stumbled upon this place in a vacation magazine that gave great reviews & since I was heading down to Scottsdale, I thought why not stop by & check it out. This place makes all of their ice cream, frozen yogurts & sorbets. It doesn't get any better than "homemade" stuff in small batches. The Salted Butter Caramel was wonderfully creamy, light with just enough hint of salt. Almost tasted just like Fleur de Sal caramel. The Peanut Butter Chip was made with organic slow churned Virginia peanuts & chocolate chips. I have to admit, I'm crazy about PB & if it's not organic then forget it! Imagine my surprise when I was told that it was made with organic peanut butter...YUM! The flavor was packed with PB, not so much that it overwhelms you, just enough to tantalize your taste buds. It was sweet & salty at it's best & what can you say about PB & Chocolate? 2 tastes that taste great together! The Basil Lime Sorbet was super refreshing with a tang of lime, perfect for any hot day.I'm definitely a fan of this place, the only downfall for me is that it's 800 miles away. Stop by this place if you're ever in the neighborhood. You won't be disappointed with the varieties of ice cream that they offer & the great service behind the counter.
5	So not like after 63 reveiws and still a 5 star rating is my review necessary as I think we all get the point....BUT it is just so good I have to put in my 2 cents!The flavors, the textures, the sweet girls behind the counter...everything is fantastic! I love love love the salted butter carmel and the basil lime sorbet is wonderful!Seriously...can't get enough of this place!!
5	Sweet Republic makes the best ice cream in America, as far as I'm concerned. I've been to the place several times and I have never had anything which was less than amazing. Everything is made in the store, from ice cream to sorbet to cookies and waffle cones.Both of the owners are wonderful people who clearly have a passion for making and sharing great ice cream. They also use as many local ingredients as possible. Recently, I've enjoyed Peaches & Cream ice cream made with fresh peaches from a local farm.Also, Sweet Republic as come up with some flavors which one wouldn't think to put into ice cream, but at this place, different is magic. Jalapeno Avocado, Bacon and Guinness are all flavors I've had here.But, Sweet Republic also brings the magic to common flavors and does them brilliantly. Their Belgian Chocolate is to die for if you're a chocolate lover and their Mocha sorbet is fantastic. Finally, the pinnacle of Sweet Republic's flavors is the Salted Butter Caramel. A true description of the taste of this ice cream is really impossible, but it is wonderful.
2	I've heard a lot about Sweet Republic but living in Ahwatukee, I haven't made it up there so I was so happy to see a Sweet Republic ice cream bus at Phoenix Friday Nights. My husband and I hurried over to get a couple of cones. They had probably five different flavors on the menu and I was flabbergasted to see salted caramel flavor which is my favorite of all time. Normally I just have to make it myself since I haven't had a good one outside of San Diego (Haagen Daaz is pretty good too for not having to make it yourself). My husband and I both sampled the bacon (bacon bits in a sweet cream base) and I tried the salted caramel (caramel swirls and sea salt in a vanilla base) and my husband also tried the malt ball. I ended up getting the salted caramel and my husband went with the malt ball and we both wished we would have gone with the bacon. Both of our flavors after a few bites tasted very ordinary. My sample had a nice salty taste but my entire scoop tasted only of vanilla. (When I make my caramel ice cream I take all the sugar in the recipe and caramelize it until it's a dark golden color. It gives the ice cream a great flavor and color.) My husband's scoop had nice big chunks of malt balls in it and the vanilla ice cream was fine but with all this anticipation, we really expected something more. The bacon only came in a sweet cream base which I normally don't care for (because for the most part it tastes like nothing - kind of what it's meant to do), but at least that flavor had a personality. I looked on-line at their website and the next time I'm in north Scottsdale I'll stop by because their sorbets and frozen yogurts (mango lassi! I've already looked up a recipe) look really good. This visit left me disappointed but still curious about their other flavors.
5	We were in North S-Dale last night for a poker game and lost on purpose so we could get to SR before it closed. Still great, still wish it weren't so far from me.I got a scoop of Mojito and a scoop of the ever-popular basil-lime. They were great together, the mojito is very minty and sweet. The Basil lime will kick you in the pants. Interesting how we always think of basil as a savory taste, but works so well in this sweet treat. Yum. Too bad it's not in a strip mall that has more going on so they could get more business. This would be a terrific place for a little indie movie theater...
4	Everything is made fresh, using products locally grown by independent farmers, in Arizona. Everything is au naturale and made from scratch! The desserts are pretty good. The owner, who had served us our desserts, was super friendly and very informative about their products.Oh my goodness - they even had sweet corn ice cream! Uber delicious!  I had that in my ice cream sundae, topped with whip cream and caramel sauce.Being from San Diego where there are gourmet desserts galore, Sweet Republic was definitely a pleasant surprise! Though it was a bit sweet for one member of our group, it's definitely a place I'd go to, again.  Next time, I'm getting the Toffee Banofi sundae!Keep it up, Sweet Republic! I look forward to tasting another sweet treat, the next time I visit.
4	My husband and I came back after a little dinner at Roka and I stuck with the sorbets and yogurts per my plan and I wasn't disappointed this time. I tried a lot of flavors but ultimately decided on the Grapefruit Strawberry Mint Sorbet (maybe it was called Mojito - it definitely had grapefruit in it though) and a scoop of the Desert Honey Nonfat Yogurt. Both flavors were delicious and Sweet Republic totally redeemed themselves. I tried their Mango Lassi while we were there and they inspired me to make my own this weekend. I added a pinch of cardamom and some rose water to mine. So good. I love it when a restaurant inspires you. I will definitely be back to Sweet Republic. There are more flavors that they rotate in that I have on my wish list to try.
5	Malted vanilla with a toasted marshmallow.  Perfection in my book!
5	As good as it gets!  The ice cream is great. My favorite was the sundae with salty caramel. They offer exotic flavors as well as traditional ones.
5	I love Sweet Republic. They always have something new, delicious and creative. I never wonder if there is some scary unnatural ingredients like some other places (Cold Stone Creamery). The shop is so cute and the owners are friendly and informative. Try every flavor!!!
5	Yep......amazing!  I couldn't help but check out a place with 69 great reviews. It was amazing. When you walk in it looks like any other ice cream chain, but it really is the best icecream I've ever had! Don't know what else to say....try it out.
5	I'd never been to Sweet Republic before, but we decided to host an event here (north valley friday night) on the last Friday night of June. The owners were very friendly and welcoming. The place is really cute and their ice cream is amazing! I had the date ice cream paired with roquefort blue cheese ice cream. It sounded crazy so I had to get it, and it was really really good! (for the less adventurous, S R offers normal flavors too, my son had mint chocolate chip). The home made brittle makes for a yummy topping and next time I plan to try one of their ice cream sandwiches- yummy ice cream in between two oversized cookies. Highly recommended!!
5	Where do you even start with Sweet Republic. This was also one of the first places I found upon moving to the valley with the help of a flyer I received at an event.  It is quite a drive for me, but *always* worth it.First things first. The ice cream and sorbets are insanely delicious. No words anyone writes in one of these reviews could possibly accurately describe the goodness of Sweet Republic. However, I would like to quote one of my friends who had their ice cream for the first time at a recent First Friday. After having a couple bites, they looked at me and said, "Now I know why you drive so far to get this. This is the best ice cream I have ever tasted."The atmosphere there is so fun and uplifting. They have outdoor and indoor seating, games to play (including connect four) and free wifi. The mint and orange creamsicle decor has such a refreshing and comforting feel. However, one of my favorite aspects to Sweet Republic is being adventurous. I encourage everyone going to have a try of a few different ones there before deciding on what to get. Also, try something you never thought you would. You'll be pleasantly surprised, because not only will it taste exactly like you imagined, but it will be yummy! The owners put a lot of thought and time into their ice cream and I love tasting the new things they've made and hearing their stories about how sometimes it sounds just as crazy to them and ends up being fantastic. Sweet Republic is well worth the trip, no matter where you live in the valley. I don't know one person that has gone and been disappointed.
5	I'd read the reviews, and I'm all for trying the latest hype. This was just as good as the accolades it receives! We went for lunch so we could load up on ice cream, I had a sundae with burnt caramel and brownie swirl topped with dark chocolate. The perfect meal! My husband liked his apple pie and cherry ice creams too, but I forgot to ask for a taste in time, and his was gonee. I appreciated the local ingredients too, everything is made right in their kitchen in small batches. We were visiting central Phoenix and it was worth the drive to north Scottsdale!
4	I've only been here once- and while I really like it, I still feel something is missing- cant put my finger on it...Im someone with a terrible sweet tooth, teeth- MOUTH even?  Yeah so if its sweet Im a happy child. Anyhow service is top notch, very friendly and accommodating, always willing to let you sample "one more flavor" for the incredibly indecisive ahem. While I really like the lime-basil combination and malt ball flavors, I went with classic vanilla bean- how CAN you go wrong with that?? You cant.Anyhow I will probably be back to try something a little bit more tart and tangy, maybe right now is a good idea as its 111 outside.I love how this place is right down the street from me and didnt know about till a few weeks ago. ah!
5	After watching the special showing of The Ugly Truth ..my oldest faux daughter and I were nowhere  near Sweet Republic so we had to stop by . It's important to learn not to judge by looks and apply labels so I felt that this would be a valuable life lesson for her ...see I was doing this for her...Right off the bat first life lesson don't judge a strip mall by it's looks .. this non descript corner has a gem! We promptly walked in and began our asking for taste samples ..cuz that's  how we roll.  She immediately exclaimed that's the best cheesecake ever !! When I looked at what she was tasting it was blue cheese ice cream ! Valuable life lesson learned!  She also tried sweet corn  and couldn't believe it was good!  But it was. Ice cream is sweet as promised by the name but also very rich tasting . Reminded me of the unadultered taste of the ice cream I had as a teenage working in a ice cream shop. We made ours fresh on site and the taste shines thru.  I ended up with the salted caramel ..nummers! We loved it and will definitely be back . We  have lots more life lessons to learn . While you are there don't miss the funky  braille like wall art stuff going  on ..Neat-O!
5	so i'm a chocoholic.  love good chocolate.  well, okay, love bad chocolate too.  have been even known to walk around cities on a chocolate-ice cream-tasting exhibition.  (you know: try ten different chocolate ice creams---to see which is the best...)but, i go to sweet republic and consistently find myself **not** ordering the chocolate ice cream!  yes, the other flavors are just that good---to make me give up chocolate!  i've even been known to order the basil lime sorbet.  sorbet?  really?  i feel like such an ice cream fake... but, its just that good.... the one disappointment is the cheese ice cream.  it sounds so crazy that, you think, its got to be awesome.  plus, its cheese, and who doesn't like cheese, right?  but, i just can't get into it.... after writing this review, i feel like i've let down my two favorite food groups: chocolate and cheese...
5	I wanted to update my review on their pint ice cream. since it's not like the Rep is super close to me I now have to get pints, ok i dont HAVE to but, ya I kinda do.so, usually after you freeze ice cream for awhile or its been in the freezer a long time it gets pretty gross. ice crystally and maybe a little ooey sticky around the edges. ya know what im talkin about? the Reps ice cream stays amazing. im not lying. it stays amazing. buy pints. they will sell ya a pint of whatever you want if they have it so fill up!! i spent $30 (i know yikes!) on pints not too long ago but I haven't had to go back  in a long time bc their pints don't go bad like grocery ice cream. so i get to enjoy the Rep at home!
5	This place is an experience.  I can't stop thinking about it!!!  I love the weird odd flavors (Basil Lime?)  and everything tastes so fresh and organic.  It's nice to have something like this close by our house!  A true guilty pleasure.
5	Staff was very helpful and the homemade marsh mellows were the perfectly paired with the handmade ice cream.
5	If you haven't been to Sweet Republic lately, GO NOW.  Before they say goodbye to key lime pie.  And the malt & waffle, so good too!
5	SR is on my way home from work just off the 101 and Shea.  I've stopped there half a dozen times in the last several months and enjoyed the most incredible ice cream ever.  Yesterday, I had the Key Lime Pie ice cream and thought I had died and entered key lime heaven.  I LOVE key lime pie and this is better!  The ice cream creates a greater depth of flavor and a wonderful mouth feel that pie can't compare to.  The graham crust inside is also nice and crunchy.  Get this flavor while you can.
5	They say that you should never try to reinvent the wheel. This tiny adorable, ARTISIANAL Ice cream shop with the pop culture color scheme decor, is proof positive that every now and then...you should. If you live in the Scottsdale/North Scottsdale area, and you ever even dream of setting foot in another ice cream shop, you are doing both yourself and the culinary arts a dis-service. Notice the highlighted ARTISIANAL: Helen & Jan, the Goddess' of Ice Cream, pay more attention, dedication, and innovation; to the quality and purity of their ingredients then most restaurants claiming themselves as fine dining today. The flavor combinations of their ever changing roster are so consistently, mind blowingly intriguing and succesfully palate enlightening, as to have single handedly elevated ice-cream to a new plateau. Heavenly. Whether you opt for such gastronomical adventures as Rochefort & Dates, Classics like Vanilla Bean, or something in between like Apple Pie & Mojito, you will fall in love. Foodie Agape (thats true love, ya know) Even if you decide a particular flavor is not for you, you will sit in awe and adoration at the fact that they dared to go where no ice cream shop has ever gone before...Ice cream, if there is in fact a God...will never be the same again.
4	There is not a lot that I can say that hasn't already been written about, but if you are on a dairy free diet, this IS the PLACE for frozen confections.  They have a very good  selection of homemade dairy free sorbets.  Coconut, pineapple, chocolate, lime mojito are some of the current flavors which are all excellent.  This place has found the magical balance between flavor and sweetness in their sorbets which is pretty hard to do.  Some other menu items for non-dairy foodies include homemade marshmallows which they can roast for you.  They also have a chocolate sorbet/ice cream made with a goat's milk base.
5	OH YES !!!  Thats you have to say - ICE CREAM you scream WE ALL LOVE THIS ICE CREAM
5	After reading all the great reviews about this place, I just HAD to go, so I gathered three of my friends and drove the 20 or so minutes from Tempe to get there, foregoing any pressure to get homework or reading assignments done (or, for some others, foregoing the desire to see a new episode of 'melrose place').  So glad because it was SO worth it!  EVERYTHING in Sweet Republic is made from scratch and uses as much (if not all) local ingredients, mostly from Singh Farm.  They also have such creative (and some non-dairy) flavors like cantaloupe sorbet or mango lassi sorbet or Banana Bonanza ice cream (with bits of banana walnut bread).  I sampled the mint ice cream, and it's not like any other mint ice cream I've ever tasted.  Why?  Because it tastes like REAL mint!  I KNOW I'll be back here again and again.  Oh, and I HIGHLY recommend topping off your ice cream with a made-from-scratch marshmallow because they torch it for you to just the perfect roast-ability so that the outside is kinda crispy and the inside is gooey.  When you mix it with the cold ice cream, though, something fantastic happens, and you're in perfect, organic, gelateria/sorbet/smoothie bliss.  I might also note that you can spend some time at Sweet Republic because they have a few board games that you can play with there.  It's also kid-friendly, seeing as when I went, there was a group of kiddies there.  So cute.  Anyway, in short, if you have not gone to Sweet Republic, you MUST get there soon cuz you don't know what you're missin'.PS: I might also note that for those of you allergic to cow's milk, they also have options using goat's milk.  So forward thinking.  I love this place more and more.
4	being a rather simpleton, i like my salads with lettuce, tomato, and oil and vinegar...my fish simply baked...my veggies raw....the ice cream here was very tasty. full of fancy flavors and bits-o-ingredients. but i guess if you want plain ice cream, you go to the supermarket and buy a gallon of store brand. we were cruising the greenbelt at night and saw their sign for "voted best ice cream" by the new times, so we decided to hit this place up. it's super cute and modern, but what's so great about this place is the staff. our "server" was completely into the concept of "artisan" ice cream (only in scottsdale can a word like artisan be applied to ice cream...it's not simply "homemade"). she was super passionate and lively and gregarious, which i really like...because i know she's serving a product she enjoys herself and also wants others to enjoy. i had the peach cobbler one and my girl had the basil sorbet. both were very delicious, but at over 6 bucks for 2 small cups, we'll probably have to save our dollars for the supermarket next time. if you have the cash to spare for a snack/dessert, check this place out.
5	I think this is the only "Artisan" ice creamery in Scottsdale and it is sooooo good!  In a strip mall, this cute place has a variety of sorbets and ice creams to choose from.   I choose my 3 scoops for under 4 bucks to include Watermelon sorbet with mini choco chips, almond crunch ice cream and lychee sorbet.  All fabulous and totally making me wish that they sold this stuff in Cali!
5	If you like trying unusual flavors this is the place for you.  Their Bacon Ice Cream is amazing.  I also tried the Cheese Course Duo(Blue cheese and medjool dates).  The staff was great encouraging us to try as many as we wanted to.  The only bad part is there isn't a location in the West Valley. I'll just have to make a weekend drive to try their Avocado-Jalepeno.
5	We drove all the way from Cali to try this place, well OK that's not entirely true, but while on vacation in Scottsdale we stopped by after reading so many great reviews on yelp. Walked in on a Saturday afternoon, and this place was empty. The hostess was super friendly and let us sample what ever we wanted as well as gave us pointers on what we should order since it was our first time there.I went with the cheese course duo (a pairing of Roquefort blue cheese and Arizona Medjool dates), and the peanut butter chip (slow churned Virginia peanuts and rich flakes of chocolate). All that I can say is AMAZING!! Everything about both flavors were perfect. The creaminess of the ice cream, the richness of the peanut butter, the way the dates balanced the tart blue cheese.  Mmmm. I really wished I lived closer so I could go back.After finishing our ice cream, we were invited to sample a flavor that was not out for sale that day. I don't know how she knew that I was a bacon lover, but she let us sample a carmel bacon swirled ice cream.... *sigh*  it was good.
5	Had the salted caramel.  Was the best ice cream I've ever had.  This is definitely a quality over quantity place, so if your looking for a humongous American style scoop of ice cream, this is not your place, but if you would like a portion controlled size of the best ice cream you have ever had, than this is your place.I will try to get back again before we leave town, to try some other flavors.
4	Had the mint chocolate chip today, very fresh tasting mint, I would have preferred a little more chocolate.  I still prefer the Salty Carmel, and have discovered that they sell their ice cream at Whole Foods so I can get some back home ;)
5	This place is awesome.  Do they have 300 flavors with 600 toppings?  No.  That's probably why this place is so awesome.  I need to start out with something about the lady who was working.  I'm assuming she was an owner or someone else deeply involved in the whole process, and she was more than willing to fill us in on where the ingredients came from or any other details which she deemed necessary.  They mostly weren't necessary but when you have someone that is that into what they are doing, you gotta have some love for it.  Between the 4 of us we probably had 12 or so samples, and we did so without a bad look or skip in the record of our servers in depth guide to the flavors.  I settled on the salted caramel ice cream, which was phenomenal.  Silky, smooth, and buttery like a kobe bryant jump shot.  Its 9AM right now and my mouth is watering thinking about it.  There are so many flavors that you just generally would never see and as weird as they may seem, they all taste great.  Next time in Scottsdale, theres a good chance I will hopefully be able to visit this hot spot (cool spot) again.
3	Why am I giving Sweet Republic 3 stars?  Here's the lowdown:  They get 5 stars for their unique and tasty  icecream flavors.  One of which was the bacon flavored icecream.  Who would of thought?  Bacon icecream.  Their fruit flavors are VERY refreshing and true to taste.They get -2 stars for their customer service.  Long story short...About 6 of us went to Sweet Republic, one of my girlfriends ordered an icecream sandwich.  She didn't like the sandwich because it was harder than rocks.  She asked if she could just switch it to a small cup of icecream and one of the Owners (don't know her name) literally threw (with more force than necessary)  the sandwich into the garbage can.  Awkward!  After my friend switched to plain icecream, the Owner asked "Did you try it before?", sounding like the Owner didn't want to be burdened again with an exchange.  I just feel they should be more graceful about accepting things back, especially since we didn't want money back.  Anyway, If you love dessert, this place is great.  Just be sure to like what you order.
5	Is ice cream for lunch a bad thing?  I don't think so either, especially when it comes from Sweet Republic.What a cool place - how have I survived all this time without coming here?  Everything is made in-house from natural ingredients - no crazy things with multiple syllables you can't pronounce.  So, I can tell myself it is actually *healthy* kind of like salad but much better tasting.   :)The sweet woman behind the counter gave me a couple of samples, and seeing that I really liked them, kept suggesting others to try - "If you like that, you will love THIS!"  I wanted to leap over the counter and hug her, but somehow managed to restrain myself.I settled on a scoop of vanilla bean and one of sugar n spice, and started a list in my head of the flavors I want to try next (Belgian Chocolate!  Real Mint Chip!!).  Walking out with my cup clutched in my greedy hands, I was happier than a little kid at recess.
5	My wife (then fiancee) and I first found Sweet Republic through Phoenix Magazine... I took the day off for my birthday and we decided to hit up a buncha places on their best-of list... How little did we know what we were in store for.First off, everything here is made here, no funny business. From the cookies to the candy parts of the ice cream, the girls behind Sweet Republic WORK HARD to produce the best tasting ice cream I've ever had, not just in the valley but in my lifetime, and Bon Appetit magazine agrees! And speaking of the valley, they also keep everything local, so the ice cream not only tastes good, it feels good too.On to the ice cream: it's so, SO good. It's creamy, it's flavorful, it's delicious. They are always coming up with different flavors for both the ice creams and sorbets, and it seems like every time I visit there is something new to try out. There are some childhood favorites like rocky road, but there are fantastic originals like the salted butter caramel, the Mayan chocolate, the I love bacon (sssh... It's a secret. but candied bacon? in my ice cream? it's more likely than you think) and the PURPLE RAIN! There are also ice cream sandwiches, amazing shakes, terrific ice cream pies, and floats... the list goes on.There is real passion at play here, you can sense it... Do yourself a favor and try it out for yourself!
5	Bon Appetit was right on when they voted Sweet Republic one of the top ten ice cream shops!!  I had read about it and I had been dying to go and finally, one Friday night, I took the drive from CenPho (where we lived at that time) to Scottsdale.  It seemed like it took forever to get there...heck, my daughter even fell asleep in the car!  But let me tell you, it was well worth the drive!!  This is mecca for ice cream lovers.  Forget any other local shop that makes their own ice cream....sorry...but this is it!  Pure and simple, real and delicious!  I wanted to eat all of it!If you like ice cream or, like me, consider yourself somewhat of a connesuer (even if you can't spell it), RUN to Sweet Republic! GO NOW!!  DO NOT WAIT!  This is the best ice cream on the planet!!!Just a side note, that is you can't get to the shop, they now offer pints at Whole Foods in Chandler and possibly some other local WF locations.  You must try this ice cream!! It is heaven!!  Almost better then.....well...almost......
5	Cashew brittle, almond brittle, bacon brittle!  Go now, before it's too late!
5	The decor inside made me think if Fez opened up an ice cream shop it would look like this. I'm not too big on sweets but I find myself craving their ice cream a lot. Sweet Republic also offers free wifi and board games so you can hang out and enjoy your ice cream. I just moved into the neighborhood and I can see myself becoming a regular here.
5	Tasty, creamy, nutty, and smooth were the words my mom used to describe the Maple Pecan ice creamCreamy, salty, sweet and smooth was how my husband described the Salted Butter Caramel ice cream.Aaaaaaahhhhhh-mazing is how I would describe the basil lime sorbet.  Fresh, light, sweet, and just the right amount of sugary goodness.  I asked the woman behind the counter for the igredients and she said basil, lime, ice and sugar.  I ate it on one of the tiny little spoons and savored every little bite. I know that I will be back during my next visit to AZ to visit mom b/c I still can't stop thinking about that darn sorbet.  Kudos to you Sweet Republic.  Kudos on creating a solid, additive and preservative free - "whole foods" approach to sweet desserts!  YUM!
5	OMG this place is worth the drive! I came from South Phoenix area and I loved it.  And now that they have the Sea Salt Carmels sold in a bag it's a sin.  You HAVE to try this place!
5	My girl and I live right down the road from this place yet went quite a while without even knowing it was there... shame on us! I somehow stumbled upon Sweet Republic's Yelp page and was amazed at the abundance of 5 star reviews (almost every single one!)... and immediately planned to go check it out. My expectations were pretty high, and luckily they were met and then some. The place has this very cool indy vibe to it... the decorations are very modern and the food/ice cream is all fresh and organic; a nice change of pace for an ice cream place. The flavors were quite varied from tried and true to bold and adventurous. We tried samples of two of their more adventerous offerings... first the bacon ice cream; then the basil-lime sorbet. Both sound just a tad revolting but were oddly enjoyable. For our actual cups we got one double scoop of peanut butter and mint chocolate chip. Then for the second we got a mixture of desert honey and bananna berry. Each flavor was smooth and fresh... it just melted in my mouth. One thing I noticed is that it felt much lighter than your usual cup of ice cream. When I go to a place like Cold Stone Creamery I usually can only stomach a few bites of ice cream before I get 'sweetened out'. It's different here... maybe it's the fresh ingredients or something; but eating this ice cream just felt good!Go check this place out... you'll never get ice cream at a boring old ice cream chain parlor again!
5	They could have come up with a better name, but I am not gonna fault them for that. We were in Scottsdale for a get-away week and I had brought my most recent Sunset Magazine with me to read and lo n behold, they had a little blurb on this joint. We got there about 10 minutes before their 2200 quittin' time. I had the Basil Lime sorbet as well as the fig and bleu cheese ice cream pairing. Wow! These women are brilliant- great job of executing their concept. Now, if they could/would only distribute to San Diego! MMMMMM, Cowboy Ciao for dinner and this place for dessert and Cash Inn Country for a little nightlife. Perfect combination.
5	Great ice cream and neat environment. Brought some out-of-town guests and they loved it as well. Will be back!
5	Love it! I've been lucky enough to make it in there a few times since they opened and love the Purple Rain and the Real Mint Chip. The place is very tastefully decorated and is always clean. The owners take great pride in the flavors they create and that everything is homemade. If you haven't been there already, I highly recommend you get over there and try a scoop for yourself!!!
5	Great artisanal flavors, made with care. Love the vibe in the store, the owners are really great! Bought 2 pints to bring to a dinner party. Salted Carmel was fab and cheese duo even won a few skeptics over. Great flavor profiles!! PS. I even got a sneak taste of a new flavor they are developing! These ladies are always up to something good!
4	Having a crappy day at work?  Go here for lunch, get a sundae, your life will be better.The BEST thing is the caramel sauce.  They covered my ice cream with it (thanks for not being stingy with the sauce).  I asked to try the cheese ice cream, and the lady gave me a tiny speck on a tiny spoon.  Is it rude to ask for a bigger sample?  Especially after I patiently waited while she was on the phone for 5 minutes and ignored me?  Oh well.  My only complaint is 2 scoops wasn't enough.  I think I'd need at least a 3 scoop sundae.  And I'm little.  A 3-scooper would probably run around $10.00.  That seems extravagant for ice cream, even in Scottsdale.Parking sucks at lunchtime.However, if I wanted to become obese, I think I'd get a biggie fry from McD's across the street, then come here for a 3-scooper.   Every day.  And a side of their bacon brittle.
3	02.06.105 stars with 104 reviews?  I had to try this.Think Naia + Bi-Rite, and you get Sweet Republic.  Gelato, sorbet, and ice cream!I was a bit disappointed in the rest of the flavors, but the blood orange mimosa [http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7mGZrCzGGjS95SdRtEaGcQ?select=brB0R88F2xsLZZ646u4AEA] was pretty refreshing.Maybe I shouldn't have such high expectations going in.
4	After hitting Grapes on Shea and Scottsdale for happy hour today- review coming shortly (maybe... hey, I've 12 other reviews that need to be written!), I headed to Sweet Republic for a sweet ending.  I'd received a newsletter from SR that there were new flavors in honor of Valentine's Day, and I thought what a great reason to pay SR another visit!Of the two Valentine specials, Raspberry White Chocolate and White Roses, I could only sample the latter, as the former contained an allergen.  I'm a sucker for floral-scented food and drink, and this SR delight was a winner!  I could definitely taste roses, and the sweet cream wasn't too sweet.  Loved it!  I also sampled Desert Honey (a tart yogurt sweetened w/ local AZ wild desert honey), Almond Buttercrunch, Salted Butter Caramel, Cheese Course Duo, Espresso, and Mango Lassi.  I took a pint of White Roses and Desert Honey ($7.50) and a scoop of Salted Butter Caramel to-go and a scoop of Almond Buttercrunch in a waffle cone (2 scoops $4.25 + $1 for waffle cone) to savor!  I couldn't pass up a Chocolate Chip Walnut Oatmeal cookie ($3) as it looked so delicious on its cake display stand- one of the proprietors, Helen, offered to warm it up in the microwave.  What a wonderful suggestion!  I asked if she could tear off a section and warm it up...  The warmed bite I took at the store was amazingly good!  (I did notice that the rest of the soft-batch cookie, sampled in the car, was definitely saltier than I'd wish for in a cookie.  Why didn't I detect this saltiness in the warmed-up section?  Perhaps the sweetness of the almond buttercrunch made my tastebuds more sensitive to salt?  Hmm...)I really enjoyed the almond buttercrunch and the cone, so much so that I wished I'd skipped on the salted butter caramel- heresy some fans of this flavor might think, but what can I say?  I loved extra textural component, and the buttery toffee-sweet crunch, that the almonds provided.  I may be back, maybe as soon as tomorrow!, to re-visit the espresso and the mango lassi (and grab a few more of those chocolate chip walnut cookies!).  ;)p.s.  Couldn't resist and just had to taste a couple scoopfuls of desert honey and white roses before placing the pint in the freezer... Oh. My. God!  Run to SR before Valentine's Day is over and White Roses disappear from the rotation!  (Just remember to bring your credit card- a visit could get expensive!)
4	The Salted Butter Caramel ice cream is the reason I go....I don't need to try anything else....because it is perfect. Rich, creamy, sweet and salty.....mmmmm. The shop is adorable, although located in a somewhat odd location....it is a tad pricier than Baskin Robbins....but it is so worth it! The owners are so nice, we happened to go by the day they were closing for their Bon Appetite photo shoot so they were closed, but when the owner saw our sad faces outside, they kindly let us in so we could get a scoop!
5	This is up there with Marianne's Ice Cream in Santa Cruz... it might just inch it out by a few... yep.. I just wrote that.... and I will repeat myself if I have to.... I have found something better than Marianne's ice cream in Santa Cruz CA. What its named is what you get times 1,000. They balance out some strong flavors incredibly well..... Honey Lavender... to die for White Roses.... phenomenal..... 4/5 bucks for a double scoop?? I think so... WAIT.... you have a booth at the farmer's market too?? SOLDThis might be my downfall in here in Az.........
5	I met some of my friends at the Scottsdale Farmers Market on Saturday.  Where did I enter but right next to the Sweet Republice truck!!!  OMG!!  I knew I would have to get some before I left.  Well...I actually didn't get some but my friends bought some for my daughter, who has been under the Sweet Republic spell too.  She choose Honey Lavender and White Roses.....I never would have thought a sever year old would choose those flavors but she did.  So I found a spoon and had some too!  Now I have to tell you I never, ever would have thought to create ice cream out of flowers so that in and of itself is incredible.  The Honey Lavender was smooth and subtle and always creamy.  But the White Roses........brillant! Creamy and just a lovely flavor on the tongue.  You guys just keep getting better and better.  I adore this ice cream and I will sing your praises to everyone I know.  And the ladies that make the ice cream and run the shop really could not be nicer and more welcoming when you are there.  I love the idea of the Sweet Republic Truck.....now if you would just bring it out to my neighborhood.....
5	Their ice cream is unique and full of flavor. I enjoyed each flavor I tasted and ended up ordering the salted caramel. I literally cannot wait to go back, the only thing that stinks is it is so far away! I wish there was one close, except that might ruin my figure?
5	Went back and got 1. Salted Caramel  2. Meyer Lemon 3. 2 bags of bacon brittle to take back to the homies
4	So I played golf,  worked out for two hours, and practiced two hours on my lousy sand play.  After burning thousands of calories, and getting nowhere on my sand shots, I figured I owed myself a treat.  So I stopped by Sweet Republic on my way home, and tasted almost every ice cream they had - and they were all delicious.I finally settled on their Salted Butter Caramel Swirl, and  loved it.  Always health conscious, I limited myself to two scoops.  But I am now at home calculating how many calories I will have to burn off to justify another trip to Sweet Republic. And this time to go for three or more scoops!!
5	First things first: the woman who works the counter here has the patience of a saint!Sweet Republic was on my must-do list for Scottsdale. But even though I saw their truck at the Old Town Scottsdale Farmers Market, I held out until I could visit the shop and choose from all the selections. Both cabinets held about 20 flavors total, varying from fruity sorbets to rich ice creams. I wanted to try them all, but it took me several minutes to narrow down my choices. The very nice lady let me and my sweetie sample several, including a palate-punching rose flavored ice cream concocted for Valentine's Day. After much deliberation we settled on two 2-scoop cups: almond brittle and meyer lemon for him and salted caramel and the cheese course duo (gorgonzola and dates) for me.We ate, in order, the almond brittle and salted caramel, switched to the cheese course, and finished with the meyer lemon. Each mouthful was sheer creamy delight but the cheese course duo was outstanding. The naturally strong flavor of the cheese was tempered by the cream and further balanced by the subtle sweetness of the local dates.I'm just sad I didn't make it back for another visit so I could try the rest of the flavors. Cheers to such a delicious career change for the founders of this Sweet Republic.
4	Sweet Republic has great ice cream and the staff was very friendly. We got to sample favors before deciding which one to get. The ice cream tasted very fresh! My favorite favor is the Salted Butter Caramel!!!
4	Really well done Ice cream and everything is made in house. I gave it a 4 not because I don't respect the level of commitment the owner has to a very well made product; only because of personal preference. Had mint chocolate chip in a waffle cone.
5	YUM to all things creative and delicious!!! I'm finally on the Sweet Republic bandwagon and clearly a fan... and yes I have seen the Sweet Republic light! I love the creative flavors chocolate guinness, white rose, jalapeno avocado, mango lassi, the cheese duo, and the cashew turtle... the ladies of Sweet Republic are a creative duo and we Phoenicians are SOsoSOso lucky to have them! YUM! Got myself a triple scoop of white rose, cheese duo and belgian choco...YUMyumYUMyum!!! and a pint of the jalapeno avocado, and the cashew turtle. Why pints? Well I live in awesome Chandler and North Scottsdale is a drive away... I know my distances and I'd rather head to Arcadia/Biltmore than North Scottsdale, it's FAR! I did get to find something out for us Sweet Republic lovers here in Chandler that the Chandler Wholefoods will be selling by the scoop 20 flavors of Sweet Republic brand at the in store gelato shop... so exciting!I'm glad I finally got to try it and when I find myself in the area again, I'm gonna make sure to stop by!
5	Three or more months I've wanted to go here. Now I wish I hadn't because all other more conveniently located(for me) ice cream shops will never do it for me again.I was having a hard enough time choosing a flavor when I noticed there was an additional case of flavors on the other side of the counter. How the heck was I going to choose without trying everything? For some reason I always feel guilty trying samples at these types of places.I felt rushed and it had nothing to do with the great staff. Had to do with the 5+ person line that stayed constant the entire time we were at the parlor. I could feel them breathing down the back of my neck waiting for their fix.I tried:Avocado Jalapeno:Sweet rich creamy avocado flavor. I've now tried this in ice cream and gellato form and I gotta say its an amazing flavor. At first I was disappointed because all I had was a sweet/fat/avocado flavor but then at the very last minute I caught the spice and very green/chlorophyll flavor from the jalapeno. In hindsight this was probably a bad choice for my first taste since its a stronger flavor. Think I fried the taste buds.Honey Lavender:Had I tried this first I probably would have enjoyed it more. I got the sweetness from the honey but the lavender was lost on me. Probably due to the avocado/jalapeno I tried before.Irish Cream + Jameson:By this point I was so lost as to what I actually wanted I went with the standby of asking the lady at the counter what her favor was. Expecting her to tell me everything she said nope.. avocado/jalapeno and "Irish Cream/Jameson" now the flavor tag only said Irish cream. My brain was trying to crunch what irish car bomb ice cream would be like. It was delicious caught both flavors and neither was overpowering.They had peanut butter and coconut which would normally be what I would get but I felt I already stole enough counter time and went with the avocado/jalapeno and Irish cream/Jameson. Of course now I remember seeing a chocolate/Guinness which would have been perfect with the irish cream/Jameson that really would have been an ice cream irish car bomb. Next time!I knew they had bacon brittle and there was no way I wasn't getting a bag of that. I would recommend eating this last because again its very strong and I think overpowered the taste buds and the rest of the ice cream lost some of its flavors after that. If your smart just have your ice cream BEFORE you even get the bacon brittle because there's no way you wont tare into it if its in your hands. I don't even think I made it to the register before I was into my bag.This stuff was amazing. Large chunks of smokey bacon in perfectly caramelized sugar. Thank god for this new bacon craze because it really does make everything better.Locally sourced all natural ingredients. Everything made in house from the brownie toppings to the whipped cream.Thanks a lot sweet republic.. you ruined all other ice cream for me. *shakes his fist*
5	YUM!!!! I love this place.  Its the best icecream I've ever had.  The flavors are amazing and you can tell everything is made from the best ingredients.  I tried the mint icecream and it tasted like real mint leaves.  I sampled the salted caramel icecream and that was wonderful too.  Excelleny customer service too - very friendly and they offered plenty of t aste tests.  Definately will be back many times.
5	Ice cream is one of very few foods I will admit to being a snob about (as in, "I am an ice cream snob").  Tortillas too, but that's for another review.  Anyway, Sweet Republic has the best ice cream, gelato, fro-whatever, etc. I've ever had.  Hands down.  What really makes the place special, though, is their help.  Whether it be one of the owners or staff, they're always very knowledgeable about their product, will engage you to talk about their product and help find the best flavor for you, and are fast so the line doesn't get too backed up as we've all seen in many an ice cream parlor.  Whoever does the hiring deserves a special award.  Sweet Republic's people are the best.
5	OMG   I really thought they only served ice cream that tastes this good in heaven.   'Who'd a thunk' of putting REAL mint in Mint Chocolate Chip Ice Cream.Ben and Jerry....you've been replaced by Jan and Helen!  Give them a couple more years and these former New York Stock Brokers will be ringing the bell on WALL STREET when Sweet Republic goes public!My only complaint is that I just wish they were located across the street so I could walk for ice cream....every day!
5	While planning our trip to AZ, we had to decide on an ice cream shop to go make piggies of ourseves and thanks to Yelp, this was the place!I have to say that their ice cream ranks up there as some of the very best I've had. That's it. Ditto to the other Yelpers who give them 5 stars...
5	Do you dream in ice cream?  If the answer is no, go to Sweet Republic and then go to sleep and you will.Wow.  That is really the only way to explain this place.  First off it is a very nice inviting little shop that has indoor and outdoor seating and a repertoire of board games (I am up 3 games to 2 on the wife so far at Connect Four).  Before we get to the ice cream, let's jump ahead to the toppings.  I am very impressed they make everything including the toppings in house.  The waffle cone/bowl are just awesome.As for the ice cream, as mentioned it is all very dreamy.  Don't worry if you have no idea what you are going to get.  The staff including the owners are very patient and nice when comes to tastings.  They encourage it!  The fan favorite seems to be the salted caramel and it is great.  I really love the peanut chip and the cashew turtle is ridiculously good.  Your best option is to try 4-5 and then spoil yourself with a 2 scoop or 3 scoop of one of each of your favorites.Another tip is that if you are having these reoccurring dreams of Sweet Republic, don't call your doctor as this is normal.  Instead if you can not make it back right away, go to the Whole Foods in Chandler and get your own pint.  It is amazing that it tastes the same and fresh from the shop itself.  I am amazed that there is not any freezer burn and it has all the creamy happiness as the buying it right there in the store.
4	I tried their salted caramel ice cream at Devoured and wanted more!  When I got here I changed my mind and had the mint chocolate chip in a waffle cone.  That was great as well.  I'm looking forward to the hot weather and more ice cream at SR!
5	Heaven on earth...you had me at Belgium chocolate. You are amazing, please move into my refrigerator, I promise to buy a walk in.
4	We drove all the way from our hotel in Tempe to eat here after reading about this place in Sunset Magazine. The decor was fun, and the owner of the place has a real passion for her craft. The vanilla and homemade brownie ice cream was a favorite, as was the peanut butter, and the basil lime sorbet. Very inventive flavors, smallish proportions, great quality.
4	I am a fan...and because of that, I stop pretty frequently...I'd say more than 50% of the time that I motor north into the Great Shining Beacon on the side of McDowell Mt. and Pinnacle Peak called "North Scottsdale", I stop off for cup or a cone!The ice cream is made with love and craftsmanship that surpasses that of most of the restaurants in the Greater Phoenix area...I really do love their Madagascar Vanilla Bean ice cream!Wonderful, delightful sweet treats...just about the best ice cream that I've ever had (and that includes the homemade frozen custard that I used to make...and I will tell you that nobody appreciates my own cooking more than I do!).So, Donald, why only 4 stars for the Republic?Is it just me?Am I xenophobic?...have something against ice cream based governmental systems?...maybe a lactose intolerance based grudge against the Republic and those for which it stands?No...no...I just want a smile out of somebody when I buy a cup or a cone and then maybe spend another $20-30 to take a little frozen delight home to the Beautiful Carin...I've been in this place 20 times or more and I never get more than a "next" out of the people dishing out the scoops!Or a hurried "will that be all?" when they are ready for me to be done and pay and get going...I try to chat...even stuff like "how's your day?" and "boy, that looks great!" is met with silence.Maybe it's just me...Last week, I dropped by on my way home from a visit with one of my attorneys (and you can believe me when I say I really needed a treat).It wasn't a busy afternoon...but again...I was greeted with...indifference.There was a sign in the window advertising for help...wanting people "passionate" about being there...OK, I see the passion in the ice cream...and the customer service isn't bad...not really...they always get to me eventually and I get what I want...but I couldn't say that anyone behind the counter has ever smiled at me...chatted with me...even when taking my money...sometimes quite a bit of money...it's a little bit disconcerting...Oh well, the ice cream here is the star of the show and I do like the ice cream!Oh, and a smile and chat would be nice, too!
5	There are few things in life that make me as happy as really good chocolate and really good ice cream. Thus sweet republic is my personal temple to the ice cream gods, where I go to worship the two asian artisan ladies who invent the weirdest and coolest and most delicious flavours of ice cream I have tasted. Wow. Everything is made in house with real, fresh ingredients (as in real mint for the peppermint ice cream). On weekends you can enjoy caramelised bacon flavoured ice cream and their salted caramel is their overall best seller. Their sorbets are definately worth a try too. A tasty, lower "impact" alternative to their full cream varieties. Dont be shy to try exotic things such as their three cheese ice cream or chocolate turtle (chocolate with fudge swirls and cashews), my favourite. Whatever you do, order some salted caramel sauce on top of your creation if you have even the smallest hope it may go with your chosen flavour. It is THE BEST! And on a chocolate ice cream it is an absolute dream.The ladies are always friendly and happy to let you try their alchemical concoctions. A lovely place to unashamedly live out all of your wildest ice cream fantasies.
5	Hold the phone! How have I not known about Sweet Republic until now?! This place is top notch when it comes to sweet treats! I pretty much sampled every ice cream when I dropped by here and every flavor was unique! I mean c'mon... Basil-lime? Jalapeno-avocado? Seriously, they were all delicious and I will be back to try more (I actually can't wait)!
5	Go to Sweet Republic this week and say, "I support Bake for Hope," and they will donate a portion of their proceeds to Bake for Hope.  Bake for Hope is a charity that is raising breast cancer awareness and providing proceeds of nationwide bake sales to local Susan G Komen for the Cure affiliate offices.  On this Saturday, Bake for Hope will be there to sell our delicious homemade cupcakes, brownies, and cookies.  It is the PERFECT pairing- cake and ice cream!
5	Absolutely the best ice cream around. I stopped into the shop on a lazy Sunday after hearing so many Twitter about this place. I tried both the Salted Butter Caramel & the Almond Toffee Crunch. Both were amazing. I have yet to try the Sorbet but I can attest to the fact that the ice cream is the best in the Valley.
4	Wandering through First Friday, I was craving somethin' sweet. Not having tried Sweet Republic before I was intrigued by their lil'bus. As I stood back to read the menu I was intrigued by what I saw...I [heart] bacon....sweet salted caramel....mmmmmm. Always looking to try something new and always down for caramel I was torn on which one to choose...the Universe provided me with my answer as a man in front of me orders a double with a scoop of the I [heart] bacon and the caramel....[Thank You]....I decided on the same! The bacon was a rich creamy sweet cream base with these small bits of slightly salty, slightly sugary, slightly smokey bacon morsels. Kind of reminded me of a toasted candied pecans and salted peanuts on my ice cream but BETTER. Come on people it is bacon we're talking about here!! WOW! Totally not what I expected! The Salted caramel, was very good also but relative to what I paired it up to it was mild by comparison. Also I am kind of spoiled by the occasional treat of Hagen daz's Signature Fleur de Sel Caramel ice cream with mini chocolate caved Salted caramels. Ooh MY Goodness's* sooooo good. It's been a week and I can still remember that flavor like it was yesterday's folks I [heart] bacon!
5	The cheese course was definitely interesting, and my vanilla milkshake was rich and creamy. This place rocks. I just wish they were closer ;)
5	Gotta love Sweet Republic.... great philosophy and great icecream and sorbets. I've loved every single flavor I've had there (peanut butter, brownie swirl, mint chip, salted butter caramel, mayan chocolate, and more). Everything is made from all natural, fresh ingredients (virginia peanuts, fresh mint leaves, etc). When I really want to splurge I make my own sundae, you get to pick two flavors of icecream, a sauce, and a topping. If you haven't been to Sweet Republic, go! If you're far from Shea & 101, find them at First Fridays downtown, farmers markets, and more.
5	Having unfortunately moved away from the Valley a few years ago, my first and only experience at SR was last week.  OMFG I am in love!  My girlfriend took me here literally first thing after picking me up from Sky Harbor.  Hell, they weren't even open yet, but the lovely lady (my friend said one of the owners?) let us in and served us right away anyways.  I had (don't laugh) the basil lime sorbet, pineapple sorbet, watermelon sorbet, and the mango margarita (I think that's the name).  SOOOOOO good, with the added benefit I can pretend it was a healthy "lunch" since they are fruit sorbets, not ice cream.Side Note: (For anyone who's been to, and raved about Jeni's in Columbus, OH, you have NOT yet tasted amazing sorbet)
5	Amazing.  Fantastic.  Worth the drive - everything is and tastes fresh - and the flavors are inventive.  Best place to eat ice cream in the valley - hands down - no competition!!!!
2	Ok...what am I missing?   All the 'rave' reviews and the local news papers' critic award for good ice cream, I was eager to go there.There were several weird-o flavors and a few of the basic.  Perhaps I should have stayed with the basic.  Instead, I chose the truffle...thinking I was getting the sweet treat truffle.  One taste and YUCK!  I asked what it was and was told that it was made with truffle...but the fungus truffle!!!! I was not aware ANYONE would make ice cream out that!I needed a palate cleanser right away..I could not get that nasty taste out of my mouth.  The girl behind the counter thought it was very humorous.  My cup went straight into to garbage.I just don't understand the buzz about that place.  I like using fresh and local ingredients so give me Crave or Udder Delights ice cream any day.
4	Sweet Republic's namesake is apt in its home country, as it represents an almost patriotically capitalistic approach to frozen dessert - it is quite possibly the most expensive ice cream I've ever eaten in a venue solely targeting it, with a double ($4.50) that barely exceeded other boutique creamery's singles.Fortunately, the quality and preparation are commensurate with the price, and unlike other hyper premium ice cream, it doesn't feel so loaded with fat that a toothpick is the ideal utensil (although a gelato spoon is still recommended to stretch out one's savoring, even with the larger sizes.) It is worth noting predominantly that their approach is not for everyone. In a sense, I'd like to think that the cost is due to substituting subtle flavors of the stated ingredients as opposed to an excessive amount of sugar, a concept alien enough to balance out the patriotism to neutral. To put it another way, if sweet was one's only taste receptor, this would be the Wonder Bread of ice cream and one's visit, especially if cultured in hype, is likely to result in a subsequent trip through the stages of grieving.If one is still reading, due to [excitement, cautious optimism] be sure to check out:- Real Mint Chip: I've simply never had ice cream that tasted like fresh mint before.- Desert Rose Honey: A nearly perfectly balanced tart yogurt that might ruin Cherry On Top, Golden Spoon, Red Mango, etc. forever.Disapproval and further illustrating the C. family comestible preference distance was worth coming here - I just hope it finds enough audience in a steakhouse-rife land.
1	Very disappointed with this place, small selection of ice cream, way overpriced. Some of the ice cream were melted and freeze again, sorbet tasted like water with loads of sugar. Won't be back.
4	It's the best thing ever. I got a sundae with bananas and carmel sauce and all kinds of good stuff. It was a little expensive but totally worth it since it's such great quality ice cream. It's definitely worth checking out!
2	Good ice cream, but nothing spectacular.  Had the brownie swirl, which had good taste but felt like it was missing something to make it special.  Good service as well.
5	This is probably the sweet I crave the most! Salted Butter Caramel! Yummmm! When I cant make it up to Scottsdale, I stop by my local Whole Foods in Chandler and pick up a pint from the freezer section and it is just as good.
5	Just got back from a little trip to Sweet Republic, and I'm just happy like a kid after the sweet treats. This place is awesome! Great atmosphere, clean and cute deco, very friendly staff, delicious ice cream and sorbet and other sweets, and even board games for you to play while enjoying the treats! The pineapple sorbet and Cashew Turtle ice cream are my fav, definitely have a try! Yes, they've got some very creative names on their ice cream, e.g. I Love Bacon; Salty Butter Swirl?
3	My buddy and I came here one afternoon to get some ice cream.  I got 3 scoops in a waffle bowl.  I got a scoop of salted butter caramel, a scoop of almond butter crunch and a scoop of peanut butter chip.  This ice cream has the same texture of Breyers.  More icy than creamy.  It was freaking delicious though and all 3 flavors were unique in their own way.  It was $6.25 I believe after the waffle bowl was thrown in there.  It was tasty.  My buddy tried the sweet corn ice cream.  I had a taste of it and it was surprisingly good.  He also picked up a bag of bacon brittle.  It was just ok...I thought it would be like crunchy toffee with bacon in it.  It was soft like caramel almost with bacon in it.  Overall it was a good stop and their ice cream flavors are a little crazy, but they all work out somehow.
4	Well I finally made it to Sweet Republic. Considering I was driving from Chandler, I had to be sure to get my passport and other assorted government papers in order to make the trip.I really wanted something traditional, so I went with some kind of vanilla caramel chocolate kind of ice cream. It was delicious, even though I don't remember the name. What I do remember is sampling the avocado jalapeno ice cream. That was a trip. I figured while I was all the way up there I might as well try something out of the ordinary. The green confection was creamy and smooth with a sharp kick in the butt. I'm not sure I could take down a whole serving, but then again I've been thinking about that unexpected flavor for a while.Time to get out the passport again.
5	the. best. vanilla. ice. cream. on. earth. period!
5	This place is amazing! Such delicious and interesting flavors. I don't think I'll ever be the same again. Makes the Gelato spot and Cold Stone taste like cardboard (and this place has better prices too).
4	Coming from someone who doesn't have much of a sweettooth... This place sure does hit the spot to satisfy a sweet craving.  This ice cream joint makes rotating flavor creations that merge unique flavors such as honey lavender cream and lychee basil sorbet.  They even make their own spin on the classics such as mint chocolate chip with a real mint taste.We did a triple scoop with a specialty topping - homemade marshmello that is torched with a kitchen torch that will make you think you are biting into a smore from the campfire!Very good place to eat with a date if you are in the area.
4	I love the variety of "gourmet" flavors.  The ice cream is delicious - and the flavors are fresh and interesting, such as salted butter caramel, honey lavendar, sweet corn, lychee mint. Make sure to get the toasted marshmallow on top. Yum!  I'm definitely paying a visit to Sweet Republic the next time we're in town!
5	not a big sweet tooth ... the ice cream took my breath away no joke this ice cream is the real deal
5	I dropped in to @SweetRepublic, finally, because they tweeted about their Chocolate Guinness, and a limited edition Jameson Irish Cream.I have had their ice cream in the past, both from the truck, and at other events, and was already a fan.Now, I'm fanatical.The Jameson was amazingly good! I couldn't believe how well the flavor was represented, without having the harshness of the alcohol bite.But the Chocolate Guinness won the day. It was so good, I ordered a pint to take home. (Unexplainably, it is still in the freezer. I will remedy that today!)The location is right by my work, so I anticipate returning, again and again.Jan and Helen are wonderful girls, and they have created something truly amazing. I congratulate them, and look forward to more of their creations.And their commitment to using local ingredients makes me happy to spend my money there, rather than a chain, who doesn't concern themselves with the area.
4	How cute was this place! I had a scoop of Salted Butter Caramel and a scoop of their Coconut Sorbet. Both flavors were awesome. I met the owners and they were very helpful and genuinely hard working. Basil Lime Sorbet? Surprisingly after sampling it, the flavor worked. I love trying non-traditional, thinking outside of the box flavors, and this Artisan ice cream joint is definitely getting it right.
4	this place was good i got a espresso ice cream, i had this earlier in the summer so i don't remember my experience too well (sorry). But i do remember they can have parties there because a group of girls who were there for their friends bday party went to the backroom, where i am sure they had an icecream bonanza. Good choices.
5	I visited this establishment a year ago in search of Shaved Ice...imagine my surprise when i visited here this past Friday for my weekly night out for Ice Cream with my wife...that this same establishment has some of the best ice cream i have ever had. I am not going to tell you anything more wonderful than you have already read from other yelpers but i will tell you what i had. I had the toffee boneffi sundae which consisted of Madagascar Vanilla ice cream, a whole chopped fresh banana, almond toffee crunch, drizzled with a salty Carmel sauce. Sounds great right? Trust me it was...and i don't even care for vanilla ice cream...but it may be the best i have ever had. They make the ice cream by hand and it is an all natural Artisian ice cream made from all natural and local ingredients. They have board games to play and free Wi-fi  as well...i mean how can you beat that. Now the ice cream is a little pricey...and they have some wild combinations for flavors but i will definitely be returning very soon to try some of the other flavors of ice cream. So if your ever in need for a very good treat find a sweet republic and Eat, Drink, and enjoy the sweets my friends!!!!
3	Most would probably give sweet republic 5 stars, but it wasn't really what i was looking for. The decor was ultra cute and it has a classic yet modern feel. The ice cream was a little too "different" for me- I was searching for something more classic. I can appreciate why most people love this place, though - tons of unique flavors. 4 stars from my mom on her delish Brownie Swirl single scoop. I also loved that they had board games for patrons.
3	So everyone loves this place... it's ranked top 10 in the top culinary magazines.  If you have a super sweet tooth you'll love it too.  I... liked it.  The problem is, the more I thought of it after I left, the less I liked it.  It was good ice cream but verrrry rich, creamy and sweet.  It was a lil too much for me even though I got the less sweet of all my samples.  Maybe I just like things a bit more simple.  The girl was very friendly though and patiently gave us samples of ice cream and even their bacon brittle.  My friends were very happy!I'd go back but would really rather keep it more simple with ice cream... or better, a healthier fro-yo!  If I go again, I'd definitely stick with their sorbets.  Might see ya there!
5	Who needs leftover Halloween candy when there is a pint of Sweet Republic in the freezer?  NOT ME!!It took me a long time to get here.  I kept reading about it and dreaming of the flavor combinations.  Finally, I decided to make the 30 minute drive from my hood to Sweet Republic.  My first time was about two months ago and since then I have been back a few times.  I'll find an excuse to run some errands in Tempe and then say. . ."well, we might as well go to SR, we ARE halfway there!"  The ice cream is just as delicious as everyone says it is.  The flavors are amazing.  My favorite is the Espresso and the Salted Butter Caramel.  That is usually the pint I take home while I enjoy two scoops of something else while I'm there.  The Honey Blue Cheese is fantastic (if you like blue cheese), mix with the Date for a little sweet twist.  The Mint is a perfect fresh mint flavor and the Cabernet & Pear Sorbet is just like a wine slushy.  Next on the to-try list has to be the Chocolate Guinness and the Jameson.  You better believe I'm watching the FB status updates for those two!During my first experience in the store, I was served by the smiley woman in all the press.  She was very friendly and let me try anything I wanted.  I couldn't have had a better experience.  After eating my two scoops I went back up to get my pint to-go.  She remembered, after a rush of customers behind my first order, that I had a far drive and offered to pack three baggies of ice to put on my pints so they stayed frozen.  Major cool points!!I agree with a few other reviews, the other times I have been, the service was not quite five stars, but still they were nice.  Like the cliche goes . . . I'll never forget my first time!
4	People often ask me if my intention is to write about everywhere I eat or if I eye new products as material for my blog, the answer is 'yes,' and 'no.' I write about restaurants that I enjoy that are doing things differently than the pack and I write about products that for one reason or another catch my attention. (I often avoid places and products that are either mass market or who it seems everyone 'else' has written about).That being said, there's a little ice cream shop located in a shopping center at the North West corner of Shea boulevard and 92nd street in Scottsdale called Sweet Republic that has gotten my attention.I've heard quite a bit of buzz from Phoenix foodies, have seen Sweet Republic featured on television and have eaten their creations on several occasions. In all, my experiences have been quite good. There are several flavors including salted caramel and a mint ice cream made with locally sourced ingredients that I enjoy but when I overheard that there was a BACON ice cream on the weekends for those in the know, I had to try it! (my love of bacon and/or butter has been painfully well documented).I dropped by the Republic one Friday night and picked up a pint of 'I Heart Bacon,' and giddily headed home (after a generous spoonful as a taste of course). What to do, what to do? This ice cream wasn't just something to be devoured whilst on the couch watching some sitcom or docu-drama. No 'I Heart Bacon' must be savored...it must be enjoyed, it must be painted onto a canvas which can allow it's salty porkyness, to shine.A stroke of pure genius hit me, I'd combine two of my favorite things in a new way, breakfast and dessert. Bacon ice cream topped Belgian waffles! Why hasn't this been done previously (and if it has, why have I not had the pleasure of eating it?)A friend offered to whip up a batch of waffles whilst I provided the ice cream and what followed was one of the tastiest breakfasts I've had in a while. Hot, fluffy waffles with a big scoop of 'I heart Bacon' ice cream melting in the center, drizzled with maple syrup will melt  your heart and make your stomach smile.The combination of sweet cream ice cream, salty bits of chewy bacon and little crunchy mapley surprises went perfectly with each bite of waffle. Each mouthful produced smiles as I enjoyed the contrast between the hot waffle and cold ice cream, the soft, smooth texture of the ice cream and the chewiness of the bacon. I was really blown away by how good it all was.If you're not one to try new things or if you prefer to sit at the table of normalcy then this is not for you. If however, you fancy a little creativity in your mouth, head on over to Sweet Republic for a scoop, cup, cone or pint of something special. If you REALLY want an over the top experience, pull out that waffle iron, grab some 'I heart bacon' ice cream, a little maple syrup and dig in...you won't regret it!
5	By far some of the best flavors. Some of the flavor combos are a little wild but they work. I love this place, I just wish I lived closer to it.
5	This place blows away all the other corporate ice cream shops.  It definitely lives up to the hype. Some of the flavors are definitely different, but whether you are craving that, or just some traditional flavors, this is the place. The almond buttercrunch is so decadent, creamy and rich, with chunks of homemade almond brittle. I can't get enough! The salted caramel ice cream is also very good. The sweet cream flavor in it is amazing!  They didn't have the bacon brittle ice cream the day we went, but I can't wait to try it!  My new favorite ice cream spot! Ben and Jerry's and Haagen Daz WHO?
3	Ummmm...don't really understand the hype. The flavors are good, minus the sweet cream which is oddly bitter, and the folks are super nice...but every time I go there, the ice cream is too cold. Like I stuck my tongue on frozen steel cold. Weird. But try for yourself, it's becoming a Scottsdale/Phoenix institution I guess.
5	This is the best ice cream I've ever had, bar none!  I had the salted caramel, and it was wonderful!  I felt like I was 7 years old and enjoying my first ever ice cream cone.  I also love the decor of the shop, the braille on the back wall is so cool (although I do wonder exactly what it says!)  I also bought a pint of their ice cream at Whole Foods, I love Sweet Republic and everything it stands for!  Totally recommended!
4	Honey Bleu Cheese ice cream.  I loved it!  But then again one of my favorite snacks is good bleu cheese drizzled with honey on crusty bread.  The ice cream did not disappoint.  I bought a pint to go and a pint of the salted caramel, which was good, not great.  Not nearly as good as the Honey Bleu Cheese.  The ice cream is high quality, and it should be for $7.50 a pint!  That's the only reason I don't give them 5 stars.  It is pricey for what is - ice cream.  I'll be back for a special treat, but it's not something I can afford on a regular basis.
5	Best ice cream ever?  Is that too much of a stretch?  I don't think so.The bacon ice cream is a must.  If you haven't had it, you need to try it.  If you had it and didn't like it, give it another chance.  It is fantastic.  Over the holidays I had their candy cane ice cream. That was probably one of the best ones I have ever tried there.  I first got it at the ice cream truck at the Scottsdale Farmers Market, then I had to stop by the store and get two more scoops on my way home. Yeah, it was that good.Bonus:  I just saw that they serve the ice cream fresh at whole foods a few weeks ago.  I knew they sold the pints, but back by the cakes/cupcakes/goodies they have the scoop-able Sweet Republic ice cream bar. If you ever need an ice cream fix, this is the place to go. When family and friends come to visit, this is the place to go.  Pretty much a must eat in Scottsdale.
4	Very yummy! It's really fun to try all the different flavors here, and it's a cool place to take friends or out of town guests. Everything is so unique, and it's so cool that all the items are made in the store. The staff is also friendly and knowledgeable.Just thinking about this place is making me hungry!
5	Amazing ice cream. Anyone visiting the Scottsdale area should try this ice cream joint.  It has interesting flavors and the service is great. Upon arrival the employee told us that we can sample.  So, I sampled.  It'll be hard to explain considering their flavors are unique and infused with many different ingredients in different combinations. I opted for the pint.  7.50 and you can mix two (or more but it was suggested that two was the maximum mix) flavors.  Mango lassi and Peppermint were my choices. The Mango Lassi tasted almost exactly like a mango lassi beverage you can buy at an Indian restaurant.  Peppermint was mixed with real peppermint canes.
4	Ok so its great for how small ice cream shops go...but I didn't think it was anything insanely amazing. The variety and type of flavors are quite interesting and fun though. I def recommend people checking it out for fun.
4	Basil ice cream and mango ice cream!  Mix them together and you have something crazy good on your lips.  I also got the espresso and vanilla bean mix.  Topped that off with whipped cream and cookie chunks.  Try their toasted marshmallows and bacon brittle for a different tasty experience.
4	I was quite impressed with the flavors they had at Sweet Republic.  I sampled one with basil and a mint chip one.  I finally decided to go with the cantaloupe and pineapple and those were delicious.  The way I would describe Sweet Republic's ice cream flavors is this: true, honest taste.  There's nothing artificial tasting in the flavors.  Very organic.  I found their ice cream to be very refreshing.  Now don't get me wrong, I love ice cream and other ice cream stores that aren't organic and are loaded with sugar, but this definitely was a treat.  Plus, it is great to support a small, local business.
5	My mom took me here with a Groupon she had.  I am still dreaming of the sugar cookie ice cream.  It tasted like a snicker-doodle and had everything going right for it!They have a variety of made in house ice cream and sorbet.  You can try at your leisure.  They are open until 10pm.  Yes!Must visit here when in the area.  Or if you live here, come ALL the time!!
5	Delicious ice cream with fantastic wonderful and fresh flavor ideas.  Got to say, wasn't a fan of the blue cheese but aI'm not going to knock them for that because it was creative. The basil lime was to die for.  Typical ice cream shop atmoshere, nothing fancy, just good times.
5	Hey, why oh why can't you be in California?  There should be a law requiring one of these near my house.  It's not fair.Food Network turned me on to these incredibly creative entrepreneurs and so they were on my list of "must try next time I am in Phoenix".  After experiencing other ice cream shops in the area, and trust me, I tried many, this wins hands down.  Their ice cream is top notch, creamy, good.  I especially enjoyed the vanilla almond crunch (they sneak cinnamon into the mix), and the basil lime sorbet. Can't wait for my next trip.  Sweet Republic, you rock!
4	This is a great local ice cream spot - I really liked the overall vibe and style of the place. The flavors are somewhat unusual (in a good way), and the ice cream is made right here on site. Great alternative to the mega-chains in the area.
5	This place is a little expensive but its worth it for the wide and inventive selection of ice creams and sorbets. Everything here tastes so fresh with the flavors just jumping out! I love going back just to try their new flavors. Their ice-cream sandwiches are also excellent! Their serving sizes are a little small for the money but its worth it just for the experience. I like that you can hang out here with friends or family playing board games. They also have free wi-fi and electrical outlets for laptops. I have a feeling I will be going here more often once it gets warmer!
5	Whoa. This was some good stuff. I went here on sunday with my mom and my sister in law because I had a groupon. I am soooo glad I bought that Groupon! The three of us shared two sundaes, one java brownie and a build your own sundae with banana foster ice cream and a strawberry and cream flavor with chocolate sauce and a toasted marshmallow. I wanted to get the toffee banofi, but my mom didn't want it... so next time for sure. The owner (?) told me that I had made a mistake in not ordering that one... we'll see. The java brownie was soo good, the brownie pieces were delicious, you know how usually brownies in sundaes are all chewy and not very tasty? well that's my experience anyway. This was not like that. The brownies melted in your mouth and had so much flavor. Oh, and the whip cream.... It tastes like real cream, not too sweet, just rich and delicious. The other sundae was also amazing! The banana ice cream tasted so good with the chocolate and the marshmallow was one of the best marshmallow I have ever had. Crunchy and gooey. Yum! You should go there right now. Seriously. Go. Now.
2	Really People - That many of you gave this place 4 or 5 stars. I guess if you're a "foodie" and want to tell your friends Porschea and Chad that you just had Salmon Tartare and saffron ice cream and it was "Just Faaabulous " this is the spot for you. Exotic flavors aside let's talk about the product which is "ice cream"  it tasted "watery" and bland, not creamy and rich like a premium homemade ice cream should. The scoops are small and over priced given the quality of the ice cream.  Side note I bought an oatmeal cookie which "looked" amazing, but didn't have much flavor and had a bitter after taste (threw 3/4 of it away). If you looking for a good ice cream fix try the turtle sundae at Culver's, but be warned Chad and Porchea won't be impressed.
4	This is a great little joint. We stopped in here with some friends on a whim shortly before closing time but they still had all the flavors out and the staff was very nice, despite it being a few minutes before close. They were very nice about letting us try a few different flavors before ordering. I finally decided on the salted caramel which was excellent. My husband got the guiness chocolate and we another friend got the cinnamon. We all tried the bacon ice cream which was very unique and not bad at all. I tried the blue cheese ice cream and while it was good, I'm not sure I could do a whole scoop of it! They had some wonderful looking ice cream sandwiches with big cookies that I would like to try next time. I will definitely stop by here again.
5	FYI, this is review is of their truck that was at First Friday...I would like to state that I am observing no-meat Fridays during this Lenten season. I managed to avoid meat at the other food trucks, but decided to break it for dessert. It was sinfully delicious........Some of the flavors they had on hand were Belgian Chocolate, Mint Chip, Salted Butter Caramel, White Rose and I Heart Bacon. They also had a pomegranate sorbet. I think it was blueberry pomegranate. After reading reviews of Sweet Republic, I knew they were known for their gourmet flavors so my choices on Friday were between White Rose and I Heart Bacon. I'm not a big fan of rose flavor.. so I ordered a single scoop ($3) of bacon flavored ice cream. The initial bite was confusing. My mind knew I was eating ice cream, but didn't understand why there was a hint of smoked bacon with my dessert. It was an unusual flavor, but after about 3 bites it grew on you. In the ice cream were pieces of bacon and I think some maple flavored toffee. Those sugary, maple-y pieces were a really good accompaniment to the bacon. All in all, trying this bacon ice cream was worth the three dollars, plus a few Hail Marys.
4	Good stuff!Be prepared to try every single flavor in there.  You can't just go in and order. Try as many as you like - until you feel the server is fed up with you. The girl behind the counter was patient as she scooped out little samplers of about 8 flavors between my friend and me. Had to try the blue cheese flavor.  Actually pretty good, but when I was thinking about how I was eating blue cheese, I couldn't bring myself to ordering an entire serving of it.   Ended up ordering  the mint chocolate chip which was amazing.  The REAL taste of mint was refreshing. The perfect amount of dark chocolate pieces.  I also ordered the salted caramel since everyone raved over it.  Didn't taste any hints of salt at all. Very rich and creamy but nothing special about it.  I think the best part of my experience at S.R. was the marshmallow they torched and put on top of my dessert.  The marshmallow was to die for....get the marshmallow. Did I mention that they're homemade? Toasty goodness.
5	A very different twist on ice cream!  Many different flavors and a must when it's hot out!
5	Yay Food Truck Fridays! What better way to supplement your hot dog of awesomeness than with super-delicious artisan ice cream?My friend and I tried out the Arizona Medjool Date, Cinnamon, and the (something alcohol? not sure, can't remember) pear sorbet. We are big (ok, getting a bit too literal here) fans. Loved the cinnamon especially.
4	A tip of the hat to their creativity,  effort to source locally, passion for quality, and engaging customer service.  Also, all the other superlatives that were repeated ad nasuem in the other reviews.  I also like that this place is literally just down the street from the Cold Stone Creamery headquarters.  I wonder how often they have their corporate spies in there.
5	the only bad part is that to reach them I would have to go all the way up nooooooorth! anyway it was good for the first and last time :)
5	Love Love Love this place.  I'll confess that I'm a little lazy and do not make the drive to the store front in North Scottsdale.  I've only been to the mobile food truck staffed by the owner herself who is so pleasant and kind.  The flavors are amazing.  You sense the care and time that goes into steeping quality ingrediants into the custard base.  Nothing is ever too "heavy" my complaint about ice creams like Cold Stone, where you are eating the equivalent of frozen lard.  There is a nice balance between the cream and the milk.  I've had the tea flavored ice creams (Chai is not too be missed, Jasmine is little too subtle, green tea divine) to salted caramel which is heavenly.  Madagascar Vanilla will make you rethink about calling anyone boring as "vanilla".  The one flavor that is a little too intense for me is the Lavender Honey.  Not quite enough honey, and a little too much Lavendar but that could have been that day.  Overall, you have to give it a try.  Not the cheapest place, but you are supporting a true master of her craft.
2	Seriously? People in AZ must be hard up for good ice cream. Just because they put unique combinations together doesn't mean that it's good ice cream. Maybe I'm biased because I'm from San Francisco and have been spoiled with Bi-Rite ice cream. I do know good ice cream when I eat it and sweet republic is all hype. The salted caramel started out good but then just tasted like flavored whipped cream. It left a rotten milk after taste in my mouth that made me keep saying ew. I tried the honey blue cheese. Very strong flavor but nothing special. I get what they were trying to do and it's a good thing they're in Arizona because in California they wouldn't be as successful. Not to mention the staff was rude. We were the only ones in there on a hot Saturday afternoon (which should tell you something), and there were three people behind the counter but it still took a few minutes before we were acknowledged. Then the lady was simply cold and annoyed. Ok point taken we won't be back. Not a loss. Well at least not for us.
4	FINALLY got to try this place, after I heard so many great things about it, and seeing it on the Food Network. First time I came was on a Monday a couple months back & they were closed. (SHAKING FIST AT YOU IN ANGER) But now they are open on Mondays.Yesterday I went in wanting to try the honey blue cheese but they were out, determined to try something odd, I asked for the bacon ice cream- but they only have it on weekend. :(So I ended up trying a few less-odd options, and you can definitely taste the pure simple yet delicious ingredients & quality in this ice cream. Very natural, full of flavor. I recommend the Strawberry. I did have a taste of the bacon brittle which had a very strong bacon flavor, personally, I would not recommend it. But the ice cream and regular brittle was very good.Can't wait to go back & try the horchata flavor.
4	Hidden Gem!  I've passed down Shea so many times on my visits to  Scottsdale.. however would have never even seen this place had I not been bored one evening and doing a search for ice cream in the area.  Lo and Behold.. Sweet Republic.  Granted I think some flavors are more tasty than others.. but that's pretty much ice cream for you, It's really just personal preference and your taste that day.  I thought for sure the Salted Caramel would do it.. but not today.   I had the Banana Foster in a cup.  However on my drive back to Tucson, I was thinking hhmmm maybe would have been good with some hot fudge too!  I guess it'll have to wait until my next trip.  Definitely will be back.
5	WOW! Carmel sundae was amazing!
5	5 Stars. Best Ice Cream Ever! Not only that, after all the publicity and success, and the long lines at all hours, they still have the most amazing customer service. Allow me to explain. I was there last night. I brought a book and my dog. I tied the pup to a table outside and got in line. After waiting for about 15 minutes I finally put in my order and then went to the cash register to pay. The owner rang me up (I can't remember her name but I have seen her on TV) I handed her my American Express card and she said "I'm sorry, we don't take American Express" I thought...just my luck, I lost my Visa Debit card last week and still haven't received the replacement. All I had was my AMEX card, and now after waiting all that time I have to hand over my rocky road!! I told her how sorry I was, how I should have checked before they took my order. I gave her back my ice cream and turned around and left. As I was untying my dog outside, the owner came rushing out to me..."I just remembered there is an app for that" she said..."I can run your Amex card on my phone". I came back in, she swiped my card into a little device on her phone and I signed the receipt. She went to the fridge, grabbed my ice cream and handed it to me. Throughout the whole ordeal she was so composed and friendly, especially considering that I created a delay for everyone waiting and I should have checked the credit credit card options before going in there. The "cherry on top" was the ice cream itself. Words can't begin to describe. Simply superb. I can't wait to go back to try some of their more unusual flavors.
5	Simply the best ice cream in the WORLD!!  A must try is the carmel sundae.
4	OMG the blue cheese/honey!!!!!!!!!!!!! So damn good. While we usually go to wholefoods for our filling of S.R. we went up to scottsdale to hit the store. Thing the ice cream is a little different at the store then at wholefoods. Must be the temp and freshness.  I recommend this ice cream to anyone that love to try new funky lovers. Is say its on par with Double Rainbow from San Francisco
3	Hmmm... sure gets a lot of great reviews. I must be used to some really go ice cream here in the NW. Come to think of it you see vert few ice cream shops in AZ, mainly all Yogurt, so compared to that the place is great. In general- Ive had better.
4	Get there right before closing time and there was a line, staff was friendly and I was allowed to taste different unusual flavors like "blue cheese" and "jalapeno avocado" but stayed with a save one Belgium chocolate that was amazing and the sugar cone waffle was the freshest.
5	Through high school (which I rarely attended) I got a job as the night manager at Haagen Dazs in the Biltmore. This has forever ruined my experience with the majority of ice cream joints. On Christmas eve, I had a hankering for some ice cream. (a hankering, really Tony? what are you 75?) anyways... my Dad happened to have a Groupon for Sweet Republic so we checked it out.Being the glutton I am, I ordered the flagship Sundae. With three scoops, multiple toppings, whip cream etc etc. The ingredients are all fresh. From the homemade ice cream, to the freshly whipped cream. The caramel I believe is made by a man named Jesus, who lives in the middle east some wheres... The ice cream is fantastic. The owner is knowledgeable and walking the talk as far as local and organic. Also the product is able to stand up to my overly critical ice cream palate. I am an ice cream freak, and this place is FREAKIN GREAT!
5	My first visit to Sweet Republic and when I was done my first thought was, "why did I take so long to come here!?"I sampled a few of their ice creams and let me tell you.  All delicious.  In particular the mint chip ice cream was delicious.  It tastes like fresh mint because get this... it is!Service was quick and friendly.  We got in right before a rush and let me tell you, the staff were able to handle it like pros.Each of their ice creams are homemade and you can just taste the love mixed into each one.  You can tell how proud they are of their creations.  I wont go into the kinds of ice cream they have but can tell you that whatever you choose, you will love.Stop on down, took me 30 minutes to get there from Gilbert, and enjoy a cone or cup.  Do yourself a favor and don't delay for 3 years like I did!
5	Although I've had Sweet Republic ice cream and sorbet in other venues, today (Sweet Republic's 3rd birthday) was the first time I was able to have the ice cream in the store itself. It was nice to be able to sample different flavors - especially since a number of them are quite unique - before choosing the one I had today (salted caramel). Audrey W, who was also there today, told me to get jalapeno avocado but they ran out of that flavor; apparently it's very popular. All the flavors I tried were very good, and after watching my friend and fellow yelper Jacob P. win the toffee banofi sundae eating contest this afternoon (he finished a humongous serving in about 3 minutes), I know I'll need to try that flavor next time!
5	In the interests of full disclosure, I've been coming here for the past three years and love the place already.  I've had the good fortune to have sampled great gourmet across the country at places like Jeni's in Columbus, OH and Denise's in Boston and have been trying to adequately explain why Sweet Republic is better than those joints.  Sweet Republic, in my humble opinion, I think balances flavors better than other ice cream places, with the addition that it makes absolutely everything in-house and sources locally.  Denise's has more flavors but only because it keeps unsuccessful flavors on the menu.  (But don't get me wrong, the place is great.). Jeni's fails to achieve the same balance of flavor that Sweet Republic has, though from consistency to creativity, they're equal in every other way.Ah, screw it.  Sweet Republic makes their own bacon brittle and toasts their own homemade marshmallows.  That does it for me.
5	Your first Beatles song. Your first kiss. Your first....All are seminal moments in life. Yelperazzi, today....I had a seminal moment. I went to Sweet Republic, and nearly Ice Creamed my pants.The Mavs were on their way to winning the championship, while LeBron left his talents on ESPN.SR had no line, since it was a quiet Sunday night. I was promptly greeted by a friendly scooper, and ordered Salted Butter Carmel in a cup...to go.The scooper politely asked me if I would like it packed in ice. WHAT? ICE? FOR ME? It was like a gift sent upon me by the ice cream Gods. F*** Me, I'm Famous! Or at least I felt like it.As I got home and unpacked my frozen treaty mctreat, I discovered a heavenly cup of deliciousness. This really is the best ice cream...I have ever had. Little ribbons of caramel. Spikes of sea salt. Sweet creamy goodness. Thank God I worked out today.I am coming back, because there are so many obscure flavors that piqued my interest...like Avocado Jalapeno and Honey Blue Cheese.My life has been changed. I will end this review with the pledge of allegiance. "I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the sweet republic for which it has, one scoop in a cup, indivisible, with flavors and spoons for all."God Bless America. Eff Yeah!.
5	with over 200 reviews you get the picture, this place is cool.  I had to review just to tell you about my son's experience with his marshmallow request.  The take a chunk of homemade marshmallow and use a torch to roast it.  It was so awesome because when he spooned it with this ice cream it was soft and melted so that it blended well and the flavor was fantastic.  Very cool place!  We all loved our ice cream and I have to thank Yelp again for sending us here.
5	Was looking for something refreshing for a nightcap on a hot Scottsdale night. You will not be disappointed. The sorbet was really tasty and refreshing.
5	Pure ice cream heaven! Honestly, I couldn't imagine anything more perfect to take the Arizona heat out of your mind! I had never been to their physical location before, but I had tasted their yummy cold concoctions at various events when they brought out their food truck. The staff are friendly at both and the ice cream is just as good in the truck or in their store. I had the Peanut Butter Chip and Almond Buttercrunch this time around, both new flavors to me! They were better than I expected, which is pretty hard to do. Both were so creamy and delicious with great flavorts of peanut butter and dark chocolate and almonds and butter toffee respectively. I think that Almond Buttercrunch would have to be my favoritte out of the two.They are pretty adventurous with their flavors. Some better than others. I can say I tried a truffle ice cream they had to try something new and I wasn't a fan, but I like that they create not your average flavors. I have also had the Salted Butter Caramel and Madagascar Vanilla which are both worth their own few scoops. Definitely a place to have a sweet treat after dinner or a scorching day at work. I can't wait to go back! It was near vacant when I went, but it was around the time they opened, but they have late hours on the weekends.
2	Let's be honest, ALL ice cream is GOOD ice cream....I can't think of a time I've ever had a bad scoop. After reading all the reviews of this place, I did have high hopes - assuming it would at least be as good as any store bought stuff...but presumably better. I had my flavor picked out before I even got there....dreaming of the salted carmel goodness gave me chills!Once I got there, I ended up trying a few different flavors, because I didn't want to miss out on anything. I tried the salted carmel, which seemed ok.....I thought maybe I just got a hold of a little tasting spoon that didn't have alot of salt or carmel in it.....decided to get a scoop anyway, assuming there would be alot more flavor once I really got into it. I ordered a scoop of creamy coconut without trying it for my fiance. And I also tried the almond brittle - which tasted very similar to the salted carmel....sort of vanilla-y with a hint of carmel or something sweet and then some almonds.  Decided to get a scoop to go. Also tried the honey lavendar which was a little too peculiar for me - tasted like a scoop of sweet pachouli. Interesting..not my style.After getting home with all my ice cream, I let me mom and fiance try them. No one seemed particularly impressed...including myself. I've had better ice cream from the store....and evidently this is considered 'gelato'....which it is not. Not by a long shot. Ice cream or gelato, this didn't make my top ten list. After sitting in our fridge (3 tiny scoops) for a few days - we only finished off the almond brittle and the others are still there. I believe I'll end up throwing them out, b/c I'd hate to waste the calories on it! I've NEVER thrown out ice cream before. And I don't want to imply it's terrible....it's just sub par......not very interesting, even though the flavor combos would have you think so. I wish I could give it a better review :(
5	Very cute little shop in a nondescript location. The inside is super cute, bright, colorful, and cheery. I love the fact that they sell a lot of their homemade candies, marshmallows, cookies etc.  and they are all displayed and packaged very nicely. Now on to the ice cream! The selection of flavors is varied, but not overwhelmingly huge like a lot of places can be. They have sorbets on one side of the counter, and their ice creams on the other. I didn't try any of the sorbets, but they looked great. While the menu had a ton of great looking sundaes to choose from, I ended up creating my own. I got a scoop of the espresso, and salted butter caramel with salted caramel sauce,  toffee butter crunch, whipped cream, and a toasted marshmallow to top it off! The blend of flavors all together was excellent. Individually the components of the sundae were even better. You can tell the ice cream is handmade, quality stuff. The espresso was smooth, and the salted butter caramel my favorite, though I didn't quite taste the "salted" part that much. The toffee butter crunch was definitely one of my favorite parts of the sundae, and I could have probably just eaten a bag of that. The salted caramel sauce complimented the ice cream and was super tasty. The grand finale of the toasted marshmallow made for a great presentation, though it was difficult to eat in conjunction with the ice cream, and I actually ended up taking it off and eating it separately.  It could have been toasted more, but that would obviously have made the ice cream underneath it melt even more than it started to. I will definitely be coming back here and trying more things. I did also try a sample of the honey blue cheese, and it was tasty and unique, but not something I could eat a whole scoop of!
5	Never a disappointment here! I will admit I haven't gone for some of the more "gourmet" flavors like anything with cheese or other savory ingredients. However, my summer favorites are a mix of any two fruity sorbets especially the melon or pineapple and the strawberry buttermilk when it's in the case. I recently went for a scoop of melon and a scoop of the lemon basil and it was the perfect treat after a miserably warm day. Some of my other favorites are the salted butter caramel and cinnamon. Don't forget the waffle cone with the surprise chocolate at the bottom! Only bummer is they don't use animal free gelatin. Oh well, I don't really need those delicious and pillow-y looking marshmallows anyway.
5	Sweet Republic is a haven for frozen treat fiends. It is definitely one of the best ice cream parlors in the Valley, and according to the Food Network, creates one the Best Things I Ever Ate: Toffee Banofi sundae. Um, yes, I concur. I try to get a weekly sweet treat from Sweet Republic, and I am working on branching out from my favorite flavors to try all of their amazing creations.The Bananas Foster ice cream is just fantastic - sweet, subtle flavor of banana in ice cream form. I do not usually care for banana-flavored foods, but this is just so tasty. Of course, I also LOVE the Salted Butter Caramel, the Madagascar Vanilla, and Belgian Chocolate. The sorbet flavors are outstanding - for a huge pick me up, try the Basil Lime; for just fruity deliciousness, get the Coconut and Strawberry. Sweet Republic also does interesting flavor rotations, including Honey Blue Cheese, Bacon, White Truffle, and other holiday themed flavors. You could try a different flavor every week! Sweet Republic also has a menu full of amazing sundaes and ice cream creations. I love the ice cream sandwiches - my favorite flavor between two chocolate chip cookies - what could be better!? Now, be warned that Sweet Republic is not to be considered inexpensive. They have small servings and they aren't cheap. But, the extra money is worth it for those who enjoy fresh ingredients and local charm. If you can't make it to Scottsdale, check them out on Twitter to find out where their Chevy truck might be headed next!
3	I had a Groupon, so we paid a visit. Being a local, I'd heard good things and read about how amazing the ice-cream is supposed to be in the newspaper. I found it to be good, but not great. Mostly, I think their prices are too steep, and quite frankly, not worth it. I'm not in any rush to go back, especially without a Groupon.
5	I don't normally have a sweet tooth...but I could come here every day!  Yum!  So happy to have been introduced to this place that is a mere 5 minutes from my house!  First, they let you try each flavor in typical Baskin Robbins fashion.  So for those that want to TRY avacado/jalepeno but do not want a full scoop then you can go for it.  I recommend the strawberry buttermilk and anything with caramel in it.  Can't wait to go back!
5	Stopped in after the Dbacks shellacked the Rockies last night (12-3) and celebrated with a toffee banofi. It was totally awesome. We had seen it featured on the Best Thing I Ever Ate and wanted to try it since it was in our state! My husband had scoops of salted caramel, peanut butter and vanilla. He enjoyed all of them. We'll be going back again and again...loved it and can't wait to try more things.
5	A very addictive place to have ice cream. The "Toffee Banofi" is better than any thing I have eaten in Arizona. I sampled the Bleau Cheese ice cream & thought I found heaven. I also purchased some "Bacon Brittle".The bacon is something that needs to tried out & stored in packages for disaster prepareness. Forget about the essentials, You need the Bcaon Brittle.
5	The only reason to give SR anything less than 5 stars would be if one was lactose intolerant.Otherwise, prepare to loosen that belt a couple notches and practice those deep breathing exercises they taught you in your Lamaze classes as you gobble your way to Ice Cream Nirvana.You'll also need a wheelbarrow and a pickup truck, and, someone to cart your bloated ass off the premises once you've "sampled" the various desserts.Blinkers-the kind horses wear when racing- are also a good idea. Otherwise you'll find yourself ogling your fellow diners desserts, not wanting to wait for the next trip in to try them.These desserts are so good, if you were a shark for example, you'd launch into an uncontrollable eating frenzy where you'd not only eat all the desserts, you'd eat the tables and chairs, the soda fountain, and  your fellow patrons, perhaps even their vehicles. This is an experience you should plan for, like a cruise or extended vacation. So pack a bag, drive over to SR, and don't leave until the COPS film crew arrives to forcibly remove you from the premises. That is, if you dont have access to a pickup and wheelbarrow.If you do eat the other diners, go for an insanity plea, blaming it on their ice cream being crazy good. Diego
4	The hot weather in AZ would make me want ice cream for dessert everyday - I mean, what is better than a warm summer night sitting outside with the breeze in your hair, and a spoon in one hand scarfing down a sundae? With all the positive reviews Sweet Republic was getting I knew it had to be one of my stops while I was in Phoenix.I was surprised by the variety in flavors they offered, most of them sweetened with honey. I couldn't help comparing SR to my favorite ice creameries in San Francisco and I would say SR stood up well to them. After standing at the counter and annoyingly asking for 8 samples to try (the guys behind the counter was so patient with us which was super nice) I grew impressed with their local and creative flavors. - Mint chocolate chip had the taste of real mint in the after taste, almost like a mojito- Strawberry - pure strawberry as it should be- Sweet corn - one of my favorite unique flavors, the only thing I wish was the corn bits were not as hard- Salted butter caramel - everyones must order flavor which is exactly what you think it would taste like
5	Sweet Republic. It's a place that has been reviewed by tons of different newspapers and magazines. I had to go for a taste. I arrived last evening at the Ice Cream joint. My GPS was slightly off, so for those of you looking to go in the future, just go North on 92nd from Shea. It will be right there. There were a few people in the establishment, but it took less than two minutes for me to be the next in line. Let me tell you, these desserts looked fantastic. The first thing that you see when you get in their ordering line is the Sorbet cabinet. Here is where you will find their delicious sorbets, ranging from exotic fruits to more simple flavors. I, however, was not here for the sorbet. I was here for their ice cream. One of the most amazing things about this place is the innovative flavors they have. Most people prefer to get the Sweet and Salty Caramel Flavor, but I was in the mood for something more adventurous. I ended up getting two scoops, mainly because of the price. One scoop is $2.95, and two scoops is $4.25... At least I can slightly justify paying for the two scoops, so that's what I chose. I chose two of their very fun flavors. The first was their Honey Blue Cheese. Now, for those of you who just got turned off when you saw the flavor, fear not. This ice cream does not taste like the blue cheese that goes on salads. This is a much more creamy, subtle flavor. It tastes like honey, with a little bit of salt. Extremely delicious. I will certainly be having this flavor when I return. The second flavor was, admittedly, much more of a challenge. I got a flavor called White Roses. Can you guess what it tastes like? That's right. Imagine, if you will, smelling a bouquet of roses. Now, imagine biting into it. That is exactly what you will get with this flavor. Now, I suggest that you try it, just to have the experience of tasting it, but I would be weary on purchasing a scoop of it. It's extremely strong, and I was unable to finish it. All in all, it was a great experience. Helpful staff, lots of flavors, and an experience unlike anything other. I fully recommend this ice cream joint to all dessert connoisseurs and sweet tooths alike!
4	Yum!! I decided to go here after reading a report saying it was one of the best in the country. Well... I'm not going to disagree! This place has a lot of different flavors, some very creative such as blue cheese honey or their bacon! They have many different types of sundaes, ice cream sandwiches and different cones/scoops. Overall, i highly recommend you come here and try one of the best ice cream places i've ever had!
5	Was in town for a few days and a friend told me we had to go. So we did. The flavors overwhelmed me! There are so many and they are so good! You can try as many as you want. I heard it was the talk of the town nowdays, but had a rough start. But thumbs up and props to the owners who kept on pushing through it all. It's not in the best location- nothing really next door to attract people more into the place, but the taste does that for you. It's an authentic kind of ice cream style similar to gelato. It's known to be one of the best in the country... and I would agree. One other place Ive had better ice cream which was in Santiago, Chile. It's clean, organized and efficient. It's definitely a sweet republic! I will be back here the next time I come out to visit. Ive had the salted butter caramel, the Madagascar vanilla, coconut, and the strawberry...all of which were incredible. It's a worth the few extra bucks. Go on in and give it a scream!
5	My family and u had a trip planned to Phoenix for months. Luckily 2 days before we left for Phoenix, I saw the Ice Creamy episode of The Best Thing I Ever Ate. The Toffee Bonafi (which was featured in the episode) is a MUST try!The vanilla ice cream is so creamy & full of vanilla-flavor. The salted caramel is the perfect combination of salty & sweet. The almond brittle, which also perfectly salty & sweet, added a crunch factor in contrast to the soft banana. Include a little of everything on your spoon, along with some lightly sweetened whipped cream and you'll feel like you're in heaven. I also had the pleasure of tasting my daughter's watermelon sorbet (which my husband said is the best watermelon sorbet he's ever had). My husband chose a scoop of Almond Buttercrunch and Belgian Chocolate in waffle cone. Both were just as creamy as the vanilla I had and just as delicious!  Yup, you heard right, the watermelon sorbet had a creamy texture!I will definitely go back the next time I'm in Phoenix!
5	Update. This is my favorite ice cream shop in the country. I've been around the block too. Having traveled all up and down the east coast, and having lived in Vegas and LA, I've seen my share of frozen yogurt, ice cream, gelato and whatnot.I came in the other night and, once again, nothing short of spectacular. Bacon ice cream is on the weekends! I also happened to write a blog post because of my enthusiasm for Sweet Republic. SR even tweeted me back! Normally, I'd think nothing of it, because businesses tend to write me back on many different platforms, but this one stuck out in particular because I didn't tag them. Clearly, they did a search for key terms, found me, and decided to write back and keep in touch.This is business at it's best.For you mobile users, here is my original review:Your first Beatles song. Your first kiss. Your first....All are seminal moments in life. Yelperazzi, today....I had a seminal moment. I went to Sweet Republic, and nearly Ice Creamed my pants.The Mavs were on their way to winning the championship, while LeBron left his talents on ESPN.SR had no line, since it was a quiet Sunday night. I was promptly greeted by a friendly scooper, and ordered Salted Butter Carmel in a cup...to go.The scooper politely asked me if I would like it packed in ice. WHAT? ICE? FOR ME? It was like a gift sent upon me by the ice cream Gods. F*** Me, I'm Famous! Or at least I felt like it.As I got home and unpacked my frozen treaty mctreat, I discovered a heavenly cup of deliciousness. This really is the best ice cream...I have ever had. Little ribbons of caramel. Spikes of sea salt. Sweet creamy goodness. Thank God I worked out today.I am coming back, because there are so many obscure flavors that piqued my interest...like Avocado Jalapeno and Honey Blue Cheese.My life has been changed. I will end this review with the pledge of allegiance. "I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America, and to the sweet republic for which it has, one scoop in a cup, indivisible, with flavors and spoons for all."God Bless America. Eff Yeah!.
5	The mint ice cream has real mint and tastes like a mojito. Enough said, FIVE stars!
5	Bring on the hype, because this place lives up to it all! What a fun, casual, delicious place. I had a double scoop of Salted Butter Caramel and Almond Buttercrunch. What amazing fresh flavors! I couldn't get enough. My wife had the Maple Pecan and she enjoyed the fresh made ice cream as well. Sweet Republic certainly has done their homework. They have created a frozen goodness in enough flavors to make everyone smile.
5	This is honestly my favorite place to get ice cream.  They make their own ice creams and sorbets. Because of this they are able to experiment with new flavors and combinations.....chipotle bacon, anyone? Some flavors are out there and some are closer to home, but all are rich, decadent, and delicious. Just talking about it is making me crave their Toffee Banoffee Sundae (which is a favorite of Alton Brown from the food network...in case you didn't know.)
2	There's a lot of hype about this place, and as far as I can tell, a lot of it is undeserved. Maybe it's just that Phoenix has such a lack of locavore / foodie joints that people are so enthusiastic about its arrival, but the ice cream is decent at best. Definitely better than Coldstone and the like, but compared to the other ice creameries it aspires to, the ice cream is just not there. The flavors are REALLY one-dimensional: everything takes like a sweet cream base with maple / mint / chocolate / whatever else mixed in.
5	WOW! We came here twice during our 6 days in Scottsdale. We tried White Roses, Fresh Strawberry, Lavender Honey and the Honey frozen Yogurt. I wish we had a Sweet Republic in Chicago. Or were at least able to get it at our Whole Foods. I miss you, Sweet Republic!!!
5	OMG - this place is amazing. I am not sure if I have words, but I will try. I can't believe places like this exist. A place with fresh made everything from scratch?? YUM. I am a traditional girl, so I opted for a hot fudge sundae with pecans and madagascar vanilla. UH-Mazing. I also tried the mint chocolate chip (my 2nd fave), complete heaven. Made with real, fresh mint, you can totally taste the difference. I also tried the Desert Honey Sorbet since I love our local honey. Again, UH-mazing. I am seriously impressed since I am grossed out by Dairy Queen and not happy with the Sugar Bowl. I drove farther and spent more and totally worth it.
5	After a very filling dinner my hubby & I decided to stop by Sweet Republic for some dessert to go, since they were closing soon. This was our 1st time here, so we sampled a few different flavors before making our selections. My hubby went with strawberry buttermilk in a waffle cone with sprinkles on top. I was not quite ready for dessert yet, so everything else I ordered was to go: a pint of salted butter caramel, madagascar vanilla & peanut butter chip ice cream sandwiches, a bag of housemade marshmallows & a bag of sea salt caramels (see photo). I know, I know, that's A LOT of sweets! But hey, we live in North Phoenix, so I knew we wouldn't be stopping by again anytime soon. Honestly, every single thing was AMAZING! I must go back & try more because I'm pretty sure anything you get here is delish. Total for all that was about $30 & it was the best $30 I've ever spent. Oh & I almost forgot to add, they packed 2 bags of ice with our goodies to insure they wouldn't melt on our 25 minute drive home, awesome customer service!
5	The best ice cream I have ever had! I know have a reason to move to Phoenix/Scottsdale and the reason is Sweet Republic. The menu is like a all star list of ice cream and it took me a while to make a decision of what to try beyond the obvious everything. I went for a classic with the Madagascar Vanilla and a unique flavor with the Honey Blue Cheese to try to get an idea of Sweet Republic's range. WOW, they blew me away. The honey blue cheese was an oddly wonderful taste that I enjoy in its normal incarnation but found the ice cream version to be somehow better! The flavors were well developed and not over powering, especially the blue cheese which could have been a bully and ruined everything. A subtly savory sweet treat! The Madagascar vanilla was nothing short of perfect, the flavor was dead on, texture was perfect and best of all the silky creaminess worked together to develop my first official ice cream addiction needing intervention. The iconic ice cream flavor has a new high mark set with this one. I will without hesitation go out of my way to stop in at Sweet Republic anytime I am in the state of Arizona. My only request (dream) is that they have a tasting menu. I would gladly hand over $10-20+ for a well rounded spoonful of each flavor available. Out of this world Sweet Republic, thank you for delivering the best culinary experience during my stay in Arizona
5	I never knew Ice Cream could be so complex!Through my childhood I was always used to eating the ice cream basics. I never knew of the possibilities! Some of the flavors at Sweet Republic are a little out there.. but still amazing.I have always been pretty open to trying new weird or interesting foods, but ice cream was always supposed to be a safe bet. Lucky for me, I know that if you want to have fun in life, you have to take risks. And so I did. The strangest flavors I tried at Sweet Republic I did not expect to be good at all, I think the two most surprising were the Bacon and the Jalapeno Avacodo, which were strangely delicious.My very favorites were Mayan Chocolate and Peach, which surprisingly tasted good together.My best memory at Sweet Republic was the eating contest which unfortunately I could not take part in because I'm allergic to bananas, but watching was almost as fun.The service here is great, they are so friendly and helpful to people who are new to ice cream exploration. You can really tell that they are passionate about what they do.
5	Yes, Sweet Republic is as good if not better than all 240 Yelp reviews say it is. The ice cream is creamy, it's light, it's fluffy, it's addicting and it's really just everything you think about in an ice cream. The other reviews explain the ice cream to the core, so I won't go too into detail about the flavors, but I will say that my two favorites for now are the chocolate brownie and of course, the salted Carmel. Put them together and it's definitely 'ice cream-you-scream-we-all-scream-for-Sweet Republic-ice cream-sweetness.'Here's another special treat to Sweet Republic. Their heavenly toffee! It could be the best toffee I've ever had. In fact, I think I'm going to deem it the best toffee I've had to-date. The almond toffee is buttery, crunchy and soft all together. I put it on top of my salted Carmel ice cream, forgot about every calorie I was consuming and enjoyed sweet moments of Sweet Republic bliss. The bacon brittle intrigued me and I must say, I wasn't too eager to try it. But, after reading about it so often, I had to give it a whirl and was happily surprised! The bacon taste definitely overtakes the taste of the toffee making it taste like you are eating bacon with an infused taste of left-over syrup from your pancakes. Actually, I bet it would taste pretty good on top of waffles or pancakes! So with that, I will end the 241st review of Sweet Republic. This is a friendly, fresh and delicious business located so randomly in the middle of a mini shopping complex off of Shea and I'm so proud that this local Scottsdale business has gotten so much recognition. Live and love local in the land of cacti!
5	Salted caramel is amazing.... Hell anything from here taste like GOD made it!!!! Never had better treats
5	Made my first trip to Sweet Republic tonight.... Shared the butter toffee sundae with my lovely bride. It was the perfect size for two people to snack on. The young lady behind the counter welcomed us into the shop warmly... And explained everything about the process.... How everything is handmade. This told us as soon as we walked in that this was a special place. She also told us that Alton Brown from the Food TV channel will be back this month...always a fun thing. I can't wait to go back!!!
5	With pastries and coffee now well covered and plenty interesting enough to put Phoenix on my culinary map the next question was how well they did Ice Cream, and coming from the self-proclaimed Ice Cream Capital of America I figured I might as well just go for the best to compare head-to-head with the Jeni's, Bi-Rite's, and Toscanini's of the world - in this case, Scottsdale's own Sweet Republic.Rated by Bon Appetite as one of the nation's 10-best and focused on small batch artisan flavors just like the rest of the list Sweet Republic is tucked into a small strip mall off Shea Boulevard and while not simple to find the products are also available by the pint at Whole Foods.  Not wanting a pint but rather to sample I made my way up the stairs to the small store to find it largely empty - a surprise since every parlor in Ohio is lined up out the door when it is 100 degrees out, but perhaps not surprising in Scottsdale where temperatures frequently reach such peaks.  Entering the store I was greeted by the smell of sugar, vanilla, and that all-too-familiar scent of ice cream cones and within moments I was greeted by a young lady ready with sampling spoons.Not wanting to be greedy but certainly wanting to sample a couple before buying in my first two tastes of Sweet Republic's Ice Cream would be Tres Leches, a dense and flavorful but largely one-dimensional vanilla and next Desert Honey, a lovely bite not dissimilar to a frozen liquid Bit-o-Honey.  With easily twenty more flavors to taste and my server not seeming to mind my next two bites would prove memorable enough to commit to a double - one scoop of Honey Blue Cheese and the other of Salted Butter Caramel - for $4.25.  Waiting for the scoops as I browsed the shops collection of cookies, candies, and even bacon brittle I thanked my server for her assistance and sitting down to enjoy my choices I was very pleased by one and blown away by the other.Beginning first with the Salted Butter Caramel, a flavor I try everywhere, this dense concoction with pockets of liquid gold oozing from the otherwise milky sweet ice cream was exceptional and on par in all ways with that of Jeni's back home - potentially even better though a side-by-side would need to be done to be certain.  Moving next to the Blue Cheese - easily a top 5 ice cream moment of all time with the sharp notes of the cheese aptly countered by the sweetness of the honey and the overall texture somewhere between frozen frosting and cheesecake; an absolute must try for anyone living in or visiting the area whether it is 100 degrees or not.
5	9/11/09They say that you should never try to reinvent the wheel. This tiny adorable, ARTISIANAL Ice cream shop with the pop culture color scheme decor, is proof positive that every now and then...you should. If you live in the Scottsdale/North Scottsdale area, and you ever even dream of setting foot in another ice cream shop, you are doing both yourself and the culinary arts a disservice. Notice the highlighted ARTISIANAL: Helen & Jan, the Goddess' of Ice Cream, pay more attention, dedication, and innovation; to the quality and purity of their ingredients then most restaurants claiming themselves as fine dining today. The flavor combinations of their ever changing roster are so consistently; mind blowingly intriguing and successfully palate enlightening, as to have single handedly elevated ice-cream to a new plateau. Heavenly. Whether you opt for such gastronomical adventures as Rochefort & Dates, Classics like Vanilla Bean, or something in between like Apple Pie & Mojito, you will fall in love. Foodie Agape (thats true love, ya know) Even if you decide a particular flavor is not for you, you will sit in awe and adoration at the fact that they dared to go where no ice cream shop has ever gone before...Ice cream, if there is in fact a God...will never be the same again.
5	After seeing this place on a ton of top ice cream places in the US, I finally got to try it out when I was in Scottsdale for a meeting.  Luckily when I got there, there was no one else in line so I didn't feel as guilty trying out all these different flavors.  I settled on the salted butter caramel and asked for the complimentary sea salt topping.  I was expecting the normal white crystals or flakes, but it turned out to be this awesome black sea salt!  I would definitely come back here if I were ever in town, but alas, I live 2,600 miles away.
5	Sweet Republic lives up to (and surpasses) its hype.  I love ice cream.  And I really love this ice cream.In the mood for something sweet, my girlfriend and I decided to finally check the place out.  We arrived around 6:30 on a Wednesday night.  It was pretty empty at the time, which actually made the trip even better.   The girl at the counter was really nice, and not only did she encourage us to try some samples, but she actually made recommendations of just things to give a quick try.  Everything (even the flavor I didn't like) tastes incredibly fresh.  She also brought the bowls out to us.  A nice little touch of service.We went with a pair of Sundaes; The toffee banofe (if it's the best ice cream Alton Brown has ever ate, then I had to give it a try) and the turtle.  The toffee banofe deserves the title of best thing I've ever ate. Vanilla bean ice cream, fresh bananas, toffee whipped cream and caramel.  It's salty-bitter-sweet goodness.  If I could eat this everyday, I would.  The turtle was also amazing.  The chocolate, caramel, and nuts all mixed together perfectly.  While not as good as the banofe, it was still phenomenal.Sweet Republic's prices aren't exactly cheap, but your sweet tooth will thank you.  If you're going to indulge, it might as well be this good.  Worth every penny, and then some!
5	We went today after lunch. I got my usual of lime basil and real mint chip (which I love for the real mint leaves) and my hubby got chocolate guiness and four peaks hop knot. Best ice cream in Phoenix! The staff is always super nice. They give us ice bags to take our ice cream home :-)  Love this place
5	OhhhhhEmmmmGeeee!!! I totally heart this place!!!!My friends and I came here for the very first time and...it's just...so...heavenly! I just had to try a scoop of the pineapple sorbet and coconut sorbet. It was pleasant. After my friends and I ate our 2 scoops we discovered that this place was actually featured on Best Thing I Ever Ate. First off, vanilla ice cream just sounds so plain and simple. Second, I am so-not into salted sweet stuff (salted butter caramel just doesn't sound pleasing to my taste buds).  But we went ahead and ordered the Toffee Banofi Sundae which is consisted of double scoop vanilla bean with fresh bananas, toffee butter crunch, salted butter caramel and whipped cream (Alton Brown's recommendation - Food Network). You've got to put each little pieces of heaven in each spoon and savor the flavor! The combination of all these goodness is so perfectly put together. It's going to be hard to imagine eating ice cream else where. This place totally rocks! I have to also admit that sometime it may seem that Yelpers might bring too much of a hype on some places, but you really never know unless you try. Even though some recommendations don't necessarily sound pleasing to your senses, you should have an open taste bud to try new things because you can discover something quite heavenly (it may shock you). Try this place if you haven't...it's seriously delicious!!!
5	Pricey but outstanding ice cream.  Worth the money.  Try the bacon brittle.
5	We went here with a friend and my hubby's cousin, and it was fantastic, yes it's a little pricy, but the white roses ice cream was so wonderful, and the lime basil sorbet, is so refreshing. It's a treat for sure, but it's worth every penny... Oh and try the bacon brittle wow is all I can say.
4	Fresh ice cream, inventive flavors. I love the Bananas Foster and the Apple Cinnamon!
4	Had their food truck ice cream, so yummy!
5	Yummy, yummy, yummy, yummy! Needless to say I love Sweet Republic. Needless to say, so do many others judging by the number of positive reviews that came before mine and I couldn't agree more.Nestled in a small strip mall at a corner about less than a mile east of Shea Blvd, you first enter Sweet Republic with their numerous accolades and recognition displayed to your left as well as on a small monitor on your right; so you know many others have discovered and loved Sweet Republic as well. The interior is not huge. I'm guessing they have a capacity to seat about 20 to 25 people, but who cares, you come there for the goodies. My faves are the chocolate sorbet and the coconut sorbet. The chocolate sorbet tastes deeply rich. I haven't tried all the flavors, but why even stop at the ice cream. They have plenty of other treats to try. Please do try the marshmallows and the almond toffee brittle. They have got to be among the best things I have ever eaten. They taste sweet and flavorful and taste fresh. The marshmallows are like no other. These are what marshmallows are supposed to taste like. The almond toffee brittle is easy to bite through and break.If you crave something sweet, Sweet Republic is absolutely a must-visit. I might mention, I've seen supplies of their pint-sized desserts stocked at Whole Foods in Scottsdale as well.
4	It's hard to find real ice cream in the valley. There are hundreds, if not thousands of frozen yogurt spots, but real ice cream really is rare.After reading some interesting articles on Sweet Republic, we finally decided to drive on down to Scottsdale and check it out.It''s in a strip mall (of course), and the interior is pretty cute. Modern and clean.Plenty of tables to enjoy your ice cream, and a few scattered outside.Their ice creams are made in house, in small batches, with local, all natural ingredients.I had the az mint..you can actually see the mint leaves.It was different, but good.
3	I hope I don't get lynched because I didn't really find the flavors all that great.  I had the famous salted butter caramel.  I am a fan of caramel and sea salt items.  This scoop didn't had any saltiness and the ice cream felt like I was coating my whole mouth with a stick of butter.  Not the most appealing taste.  I had a taste of the Lime Basil sorbet.  That was much better.  I wish I had ordered that one instead, at least I wouldn't have felt nauseous.
5	I have always wanted to check this place out but the timing never worked out.  I stumbled upon a google coupon deal and  jumped at the chance.  I had brownie ice cream which was good but the peppermint ice cream was bliss.  Yep,  I got  two scoops of this devine peppermint ice cream.   Soooo worth it.  Kid approved as a 18 month old said, " hmmmmm" while eating . :)
4	My girlfriend and I went to Sweet Republic after seeing the show on Food Network.  I decided to see for myself if it was the best thing I ever ate.  I wanted to keep an open mind and not let the hype influence me.  We ordered the Toffee Banoffi to see if we agreed.  It's a wonderfully put together dessert and not too heavy, perfect for any time of year.  The real whipped cream went together perfectly with the caramel and bananas and toffee and vanilla ice cream.  Every bite was scrumptious and made you want to savor it.  She wished there had been some kind of chocolate, but there's plenty of other desserts there to choose from.  I probably wouldn't say it's the best dessert I've ever had, but it was definitely delicious.The staff there was very friendly and outgoing and there's seating inside and out.  There's also a little section of board games if you want to play while you eat.  We played some Connect Four and relived our childhoods, lol. They offer free water to help wash down dessert, which is nice.  After I had to wash my sticky hands and I was actually impressed by how nice the bathroom was and they have a really cool sink, so kudos for that too. :)We'll definitely be back to try something else that I'm sure will be delicious also.
4	Guess what I learned today? This ice cream shop, nay, ahem, this artisan cream of ice boutique, has a chef! So, as of writing this review, there have been 259 others written that let everyone know that they have delicious ice cream. So I will keep mine to a minimum, their ice cream is good!I ordered the Salted Caramel Hot Fudge Sundae. Generally, when one gets a hot fudge sundae you expect a scoop full of  hot fudge that melts a bit of your ice cream. Well, here you get more of a lukewarm drizzle, as the hot fudge is in a condiment looking squreze bottle that is kept in what looks like a crock pot full of water. Okay, I get it, they don't want to ruin their artisan ice cream, but I would not classify what I ordered as a hot fudge sundae, but rather a "scoop of ice cream with a drizzle of fudge sauce". Anyhoo, I had the sundae topped with one of their three complimentary toppings, the sea salt flakes, (which were black so as they can see how much they are putting on) that made the sundae a little more special, followed by their house-made whipped cream. FYI, the other two complimentary toppings are rainbow sprinkles and EVOO. I chose to enjoy the "scoop of ice cream with a drizzle of fudge sauce" in their freshly made waffle bowl that was super buttery, but delicious, but lets be honest, butter makes everything better. The first half of my sundae was enjoyed in a super uncomfortable, yet modern looking chair. As my coccyx began to bruise, I moved onto their booth that looked like it had brail background along the back thinking I might be able to get a massage, but negative ghost rider, I couldn't tell it was brail :( Anyway, good ice cream that you should experience at least once, so save up your money because it is expensive for frozen cream of ice.
3	"Sweet dreams are made of this..."Yes, this was one of the songs I hear playing while I was at Sweet Republic. Very appropriate, don't you think?Moving on to the review....When Bon Appetit names this place one of the ten best ice cream places in the country and I don't find it that impressing, I don't think that says much of the establishment. Instead, it pretty much shows how spoiled I am. Or maybe I'm more of a gelato person. I don't know. Their product is pretty damn good though. Very natural and homemade tasting. They also have very interesting flavors. I really loved my blue cheese and honey ice cream. It had the perfect amount of sweetness and the blue cheese flavor was not too overpowering. I love the cheese-honey combo and it's a combination that is not used often. I topped my ice cream with their super delicious bacon brittle. A treat with great addiction potential. The salted caramel ice cream was also pretty okay. Same with the peanut butter (?) ice cream.Good but not quite drinking the punch on this one.  I don't feel too bad about the 3 stars though since it's not like they need my 4 or 5 star review.
5	Great ice cream.  I got the maple pecan and salted caramel.  I recommend that you ask for a sample before you actually get a scoop.  I originally wanted to get the Real Mint Chip, but the girl behind the counter asked me if I wanted to taste it first.  I said yes, and thank god she asked me, because it was like the title said, made from Real Mint.
4	The ice cream here was pretty good. I forgot which flavor I got, but it was one of the more "popular" ones (top 5 on their list). But honestly, it just tasted like normal ice cream to me. Not quite worth its value, I guess. What did win me over was the bacon brittle. Honestly, I don't care if you don't like bacon or you've given up bacon (why would you?). A small nibble of the bacon brittle will win you back. It's absolutely delicious and the sole reason for my four star review.
5	Absolutely amazing.  I love that their flavors change yet they keep some of the classics, like the real mint.  It truly tastes like you're chewing on a mint leaf!My first time here I had a two scooper of mint and lavender ice cream.  Absolutely amazing. I promptly announced I wanted my birthday cake to be from there with their mint and lavender ice cream. Sadly, that was months away at the time, and when my birthday came around, they weren't making the lavender anymore.Hubs had a guiness and caramel two scooper... and he loved it too.  This is just a great place for gourmet ice creams.A cool note is that the labels for the ice creams will tell you if they are gluten free, dairy free, sugar free...
5	Sweet Republic is perfection! Amazing ice cream and amazing ice cream sundae combinations. The Salted Caramel ice cream is my favorite of the ice cream flavors, with perfect vanilla ice cream swirled with thick creamy caramel all balanced out by the tiniest hint of salt. Some artisan salted caramel ice creams I've had are too strong, where you can only have a few bites, but this one is perfect. The Toffee Banofi sundae is my favorite of the sundaes, with a wonderful combination of sweet and salty and crunchy and smooth. The sundae has plentiful amounts of their homemade almond brittle which is so amazing - deep toffee flavor with delicious pieces of almond. If you like almonds more than peanuts, like I do, you will find this brittle addicting (yes they sell it separately so you can take a bag or a few home). The salted caramel sauce covering the sundae is perfectly gooey and has a very wonderful rich caramel flavor that gets balanced out by the salt. The Campfire S'more sundae is a very cute idea but I found the flavors to be a little too heavily chocolate without anything lighter to balance it out. I get that adding a banana or caramel sauce detracts from the concept of a s'more but in the future I would order it with something like that. Easily the best ice cream I've had in Arizona and a wonderful place to take your kids, friends, family, date any time of day.
5	Unbelievable! This is not just any ice cream... Sweet Republic is ice cream utopia! A friend took me here after dinner to celebrate my birthday. I had the Turtle Sundae with Salted Caramel Ice Cream and Salted Caramel Sauce. It was A-M-A-Z-I-N-G! I cannot wait to go back and try other things on the menu. I now have a serious Salted Caramel obsession because of this place!
3	The ice cream is delicious but my review is more for the staff.  They come across as rude and snobby.....is it asking to much for a greeting when you walk in the door even a slight smile?!?!  The portion size is pathetic......the kid -sized scoops at other locations are bigger than their single scoop.
4	Let me start by saying the ice cream is 5 stars.  The ONLY reason I'm giving them 4 stars is because of the sorbet.  When I noticed they had watermelon sorbet I was extremely excited.  I asked for a sample before ordering and I'm glad I did.  It was way too sweet!  You could barely taste the watermelon, it literally just tasted like frozen sugar water.  So, if you're going to order sorbet, please ask for a sample first to make sure it isn't too sweet for you!On to the good stuff!  Their ice cream is to die for.  I usually get almond buttercrunch during the winter and sweet corn during the summer when it's available.  My husband is a fan of the real mint chip (when they say REAL mint they mean it!) and the espresso ice creams.  I've never had a bad experience at Sweet Republic, and the staff is always nice and helpful.  I saw another review complaining about the serving size.  I think the serving size is perfect.  Yes, it's a small scoop, BUT it is super rich and I could never eat more than a single scoop.  If you're going there for the first time or want to try some of their more exotic flavors I suggest trying them first.  They will literally let you try every flavor they have if you please.
2	Bon Appetit named Sweet Republic a Top 10 Ice Cream Shop, so when I was in Phoenix, I went out of my way to pay them a visit.  Thankfully, not too far out of my way.I had high expectations because of all the accolades bestowed on this shop by foodies in the know.  My first impression was not good.  It's located in a strip mall, with rickety outdoor tables and chairs situated in between two trash cans.  The appearance does improve once you get in the front door.  It's decorated nicely and there were a couple teenagers at a table playing board games they got from the stash of games at the back of the shop.  It had a nice vibe.  They rotate their flavors of ice cream and sorbet so you get what you get.  Too bad the menu on the wall didn't match what was in the cases.  I was disappointed they didn't have a chocolate peanut butter cup flavor.  Instead, they had Peanut Butter Chip, which was churned peanuts with chocolate flakes.  Nothing else looked appealing to me so that's what I ordered.  The texture was weird- kind of icy, not creamy.  There were little pieces of peanuts that didn't help matters and the teensy flakes of dark chocolate were not abundant enough to add to the flavor.  It was altogether odd.  My sister had lemon sorbet and her review was, "Meh."  We couldn't really figure out what was so great about this place.
4	I'm most likely one of the biggest fans of Ice Cream you will find. I will not just eat any old kind! I had read that Sweet Republic was rated in the Top 10 for the entire Country, that's a BIG deal! Had to try it out so I got a group together and headed over to Shea, and we definitely were not disappointed! The ice cream and yogurt are homemade and taste awesome! I got the s'mores sundae that was presented with a huge flaming marshmallow on the top! Would definitely return I just wouldn't purchase any cartons to go I felt they were very over priced for what you got.
5	sweet republic has great homemade and interesting ice cream flavors!the ice cream is such good quality!i recommend this ice cream place to everyone!my favorite menu item is the toffee banafi sundae!the only disadvantage is i don't live close to the place
4	There's plenty of reviews on this place already, so I'll keep this short.Tried the Toffee Banofi, and while it was delicious, I was not blown away. Perhaps my expectations of ice cream are a bit off kilter? The toffee buttercrunch was outstanding, and the sundae was beautifully constructed, but the ice cream itself was not as creamy as others that I've had. Probably just a matter of personal taste. That said, their flavor selection is anything but boring, so if you are looking for something different than your average fair, Sweet Republic is the place to be. I tried a sample of their honey bleu cheese -- sweet at first, with a hint of sharpness in the finish. So good. That mixed with their Apple Pie would have been heaven, but alas I am now in Texas and cannot partake. Can't wait to go back!
3	It was alright. I too went in with high expectations and I wish I hadn't. It wasn't bad ice cream, it just didn't live up to all the hype. They are a little skimpy on the hot fudge and very heavy handed with the whip cream. I won't be going back.
4	Simply delicious.  Salted caramel and almond buttercruch are two of my standard faves.  Also just tried White Roses and I LOVE that one too.  The Sea Salt Caramels and Almond Brittle are dangerously good (i.e. expect to eat quickly and, in a haze of deliciousness, wonder why the bag is empty already.)
2	Bad news SR has been hit with the ghostly, unsolvable "sulfur / egg / sewer / hair salon" stink that attacks all Scottsdale businesses that don't complain to the city. I swear there's a valve the city opens and closes to push the odor to the next business when the previous one complains.  I've smelled it from Frank Lloyd Wright to Shea. Make no mistake about it, when you walk in it smells putrid. Service - Older lady working all alone that can only do one thing at a time complaining about how her arm is going to get a good workout today. Slow to say the least and theres hardly anyone in here. Ice Cream - Delicious, original, something that sort of makes the comments above worth it.  Please, remove that funky air you got up in there.
5	This is ice cream at its best! Tried Sweet Republic last week for the first time and it definitely lived up to the hype. Everything here is homemade, they support local diary farmers, and best of all, no artificial ingredients or preservatives! They rotate their flavors and offer 24 selections daily. It's a little pricey at $2.95 for a single scoop, but when you think about the quality of ingredients it's worth the extra cash. The sundaes look amazing and run around $7 (but include 2-3 scoops). I went with the Real Mint Chip, after being warned that it tasted unlike other "mint-flavored" ice-creams. The real mint flavor is fantastic, and the creamy texture did not disappoint. The store is located in a strip mall off the busy Shea/101 corridor near the Scottsdale Healthcare-Shea center. A little tricky to find, but the parking is easy.
3	We lucked out because we were planning to visit their regular location, but their "food truck" was conveniently in the "food court" of the Arizona Centennial Celebration.  We were quite excited since we had seen them on TV, but I think perhaps our expectations were a little bit too high.  It's good ice cream, but nothing all that spectacular, nothing that I could necessarily go out of my way for.  We had the bananas fosters and salted caramel.  Just like others have mentioned, it's kinda expensive for what you get.
5	Great desserts. Can't believe I didn't know about this place all these years. It's recessed back in the strip mall it's located in, but somehow they are thriving. The salted caramel was the best.
5	Love this place. I had the mint chocolate chip with a toasted marshmallow on top. It was the best chocolate chip mint I ever had. You can see the tiny flecks of real mint leaves in the ice cream. Oh! And the marshmallow was a fun touch. Homemade marshmallow that they toast with a blowtorch (I loves me a blowtorch). Also, the people working behind the counter are super nice.
5	Fan-freaking-tastic ice cream going on up in here.  It looks like they have a lot of rotating flavors, and something to fit everyone's palate.  They've got your fruity ones, your chocolatey ones, your ones with bits of stuff in it, and your frogurt/gelato type things.  Me, I like ice cream with bits of stuff in it, so I went for the peanut butter chip, which was a fantastic peanut butter ice cream with big chunks of chocolate in it, and the brownie something or other, which was vanilla with brownies in it.  Both were superb, just the right consistency.  And a waffle cone is only 70 cents!Tanya went for the brownie thing the salted caramel, which was also really good.  The scoops are pretty medium sized.  They sell some other stuff in here, like old timey candies and something called bacon brittle, which is apparently a thing.They were adequately staffed for a busy Saturday night and the line moved along nicely.  We got an apology for the wait, which was weird, because it didn't seem like we waited more than a couple minutes.  It's stuck back in a strip mall, but it's definitely worth hunting down because this place is the real deal.
4	For a while now we've been going to Whole Foods to get their gelato & I thought it was time to go directly to the source. Just as delicious if not better here at their shop. My only reason for giving 4 instead of 5 stars is that I wish they had a larger selection of flavors, I'm a big fan of options. For AZ standards this place is primo! Try the buttermilk strawberry! The best strawberry ice cream/gelato I've had ever!
5	Nom nom nom!  The honey blue cheese is insane.  I usually get my sweet republic fix at whole foods, but that pales in comparison to the ice cream served straight from the source.  The texture of their ice cream is akin to gelato--very smooth mouth feel.  In addition to the honey blue cheese, the jalapeno avocado is great too!  Basil lime is a great fall back, and the honey flavor is great as well.  My boyfriend hated the rose flavor--said it tasted like soap.  Despite his resistance, I enjoyed it, and could not recommend this place enough!
5	I was in Phoenix for work and Sweet Republic came up as a place I had previously bookmarked on Yelp. I walked in and there were a ton of people inside! A very good sign. They have a ton of options, even vegan and gluten free friendly. My friend told one of the owners I was from out of town, who then came over and said hi and thanked me for coming. She also gave me great tips on where to get the best ice cream in other parts of the country! Super friendly. I ordered the dark chocolate and peanut butter ice cream, both delicious. I love that they use the freshest ingredients, it definitely makes a difference compared to other ice cream shops. Highly recommended if you're in the area.
5	I went in on a sunday night... Most shops close around 6pm so i was really excited to find a spot open till 10. I walked into a cute little shop that had great staff and funny regulars. The woman behind the counter handed me spoon after spoon of flavors to help me find the perfect scoop. I ended up getting one scoop of the bacon brittle and a scoop of the salted caramel.... Heaven. I can guarantee this will be a staple in my list of foods i crave. bottom line: Get your a** in here
5	The ice cream is unbelievable.  My wife can't get enough of the almond butter nut.  I have dabbled in a lot of different flavors, and have liked them all.  The Belgian Chocolate is a nice, rich chocolate flavor.  It does seem a little expensive, but the ice cream is worth it.  Plus, the green-belt path goes right next to it, so it is very walk/bike friendly.
5	Thanks, Yelpers, for pointing out this local spot while we were in Scottsdale for our Spring Training trip. Reminds me a lot of some of our favorite ice cream establishments in Denver (Sweet Action, Liks, Little Man Ice Cream) - great quality, friendly people, and they're ready and willing to get you whatever taster you need. I loved every second of my visit to Sweet Republic!
5	Lavender ice cream really?  It's amazingly refreshing one of my favorites.  Horchata, Huckleberry or Madagascar Vanilla if you will.  This place only uses the freshest ingredients many purchased from the Farmers Market right here in Scottsdale.  Great ingredients produce great ice cream and this place has the best I've tasted.  They where recognized by USA Today as one of the top 50 Ice Cream Parlors in the nation for good reason.  They always have a new amazing flavor or two in the rotation in case you've already tried the others.  Highly Recommended.  Try the turtle sunday - extra nuts and whipped cream.  Awesome.
5	Saw them awhile back on The Food Network and had been meaning to try the Toffee Bonafi Sundae.  It's a haul from my house, but I will have to say it was worth the drive.  There are few things that live up to what you think they will be in life and this is one of them. It's pretty much the perfect sundae and well worth the guilt.  I'm not a fan of candy and ice cream usually, but the toffee with almonds on this thing is pretty amazing.  The salted caramel and madagascar vanilla ice cream are also even better than I imagined them to be.  The girl behind the counter was really nice and did a great job constructing my sundae. I felt guilty for half a second before I destroying it.  ( I quickly got over it. )   If you live far from Shea it's worth the drive.If you live close by I feel for the gym time you need to put in.Try:- Toffee Bonafi
4	This place is fun and unique.  The flavors are different than a Baskin Robbins or Coldstone- mostly because of the way that it's made.  For instance- the mint ice cream is literally mint- like with mint leaves in there!  Definitely worth a try and you're sure to find something unique that you like.
4	Loved the salt and caramel icecream. WOW!Out of curiosity I tried the blue cheese ice cream. Man that was a bad idea haha. I like the atmosphere and the option to buy a tub to bring home is cool.
5	I came here tonight with a friend and was blown away. I can't believe that with all of their dazzling reviews I have never even heard of them! The staff was very patient with us while we tried nearly half of their favors. I decided to get 2 scoops, while my friend got a sundae. I got a scoop of the basil lime sorbet and a scoop of lavender. They were so great! All of their favors are very creative and satisfying. Although the prices are a little high (4.50 for 2 scoops), it's well worth it for the difference in quality and flavor. I would highly recommend coming here, and I will definitely be back.Update: Pretty sure I went in every day for a week. This is my new favorite ice cream place, price is not even a factor anymore! The best, most creative ice cream and sorbet I've ever had.
1	If there is a ZERO Star rating, this is what this overrated place would have gotten.  In a smelly dumpy shopping center, I thought I was in a Baskin n' Robbins, but that would have been cheaper and better.  I can't beleive all the sheep that go to this place.  Once was enough.  Nothing special, nothing memorial...except for the sign in the window...."Hiring fun, enthusiastic scoopers'.  I wanted to add to that sign..."To replace the unenthusiatic one that is currently working!".
5	The Toffee Bonafi stands two-massive-scoops tall as a monument and tribute to all foodie fanatics with or without a sweet tooth. Even Alton Brown, the greatest genius to have ever graced the culinary world, sings high praises of this incredible dish. And though my word is hardly as valuable as his, here are my two cents on the matter. =)AMAZING! Absolutely gorgeous and well-thought out in its design and execution. Essentially what you have is two scoops of vanilla bean ice cream at the core. In its periphery, a myriad of toppings that include toffee nuts, speared bananas, whipped cream, and drizzles of salted butter caramel, all of it sitting in a waffle cone throne.The greatest part about this dish is that every ingredient gets equal share of spotlight in your mouth. No single ingredient overpowers any other. It gives off a fantastic "team effort" assault on your taste buds that breaks through all your defenses and lets all your saliva spill out. Incredible.Price is a tad high though. And that is my sole complaint. Otherwise, I absolutely must recommend that it be tried once in your lifetime. Make the journey out into the AZ desert, find the oasis that is Scottsdale, and prepare to be blown away.
5	I'm vegan and absolutely LOVE their Chocolate Sorbet! So good!
5	No wonder this place made one of the top 10 ice cream places in the country! It's a little taste of Heaven!!!I got the Campfire S'more sundae with the Madagascar vanilla and chocolate scoops. I'll admit that I got it just to see the marshmellow on top get slightly toasted with the dessert torch. It felt and tasted like eating a creme brulee marshmellow on top of a giant ice cream s'more. My husband got the Peanut Butter Brittle sundae, which was also nothing less than perfect! It was hilarious because there were two visitors from Atlanta in front of us in line, who has just come straight from the airport to Sweet Republic because they had to try this ice cream!! I guess that show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" truly does help recognize this unique ice cream shop and the ice cream speaks for itself. I really wanted my husband to try the jalepeno avocado bacon brittle ice cream, but unfortunately this flavor was unavailable on Friday, so I'll try to check and see if it's there the next time we return. On the up side, we were able to purchase a bag of bacon brittle to take home with us. Of course, we didn't wait until we got home to try it. We broke off pieces of the bacon brittle and stuck them in our sundaes. Un-freaking-believable!!! Man! I love this place!
5	I have been here so many times, and they never disappoint! I just stopped by this week to pick up a pint of my favorite flavor. I will probably never go to another chain ice cream place again!
5	On a visit to Scottsdale, AZ I trusted yelp to search for a savory ice cream parlor. Yelp has not let me down! Upon reading all the reviews on yelp and how great sweet republic was, my family and I decided to try it. The Toffee Bonafi was a party in my mouth, literally! The combination of vanilla, toffee brittle, and salted caramel was a great way to end my night. My daughter got the strawberry sherbet and the taste was bursting with strawberry flavor. You can tell that it was made from scratch and no where near compares to any store bought strawberry ice cream.I wish they had this ice cream stop in California! If you are in the Scottsdale area, I would highly recommend stopping by for a cool sweet dessert!
5	I had never heard of Sweet Republic until a week ago.  I knew they were celebrating their birthday by giving away free single scoops of ice cream.  I read several reviews and not one of them had anything bad to say about it.  I am now one of those reviews.  This place is awesome.  I had the brownie swirl.  Love it.  Check this place out.  They also have sorbet.
4	I looooved the mint chocolate ice cream! Expected a lot coming here because of the reviews on yelp and the fact that it's supposedly one of the best in the US. Usually, when this happens, I tend to find the product not so up to parr and am extremely disappointed. However, this place is definitely an exception! The owner was very accommodating to our group. We wanted to take a small pint home but didn't want the ice cream to melt during an hour drive. She willingly put the pint in an ice filled brown bag and kept it in their freezer while we enjoyed our cups "for here"  My favorites were the mint chocolate and strawberry. You can taste the freshness of the ingredients. Next time I will splurge and get one of their other delicacies!
5	AMAZING!!!  We've only been here twice and both times were amazing.  I love the fact that they use high quality ingredients.  The first time we went, my hubby tried the forbidden rice ice cream and has been craving it since...unfortunately, it is not on the regular rotation.  The coconut and salted carmel is amazing.  Actually, everything is amazing.
5	If you like sweet frozen lactose treats, there are two ways to get them.One is to pack your bags and head for the Arctic circle, hoping to meet some big Eskimo tundra-beast named Nukka Nukka, latch onto one of her semi-frozen titties when her creepy Uncle Nanook isn't around, and go hog-shit wild. The other is Sweet Republic.Where you'll find lacto-centric creations designed for the Gods themselves. The Food Network Gods that is. Sweet Republic has created frozen desserts so sumptuous, they've actually been featured on the Food Network's " My favorite thing to eat." And with good reason.They use Madagascar vanilla in their cream, and caramel made from sugar crystals that were once Cinderella's tears. I'm not a Food Network God, but I do know a thing or two about frozen treats.And until you've had a tasty delight from Sweet Republic, (or one of Nukka Nukka's whale-ishly lactating hooters) you simply haven't lived.
4	They have a number of interesting flavors and do a great job of being unique.  About my only complaint is the price, I know it is in Scottsdale but it is still just ice cream after all.  I am a huge fan of the jamesons irish creame and the salted caramel.  Available at Whole Foods also but a visit to the place is worthwhile for their unique flavors.
5	Dang. When people, newspapers say this place is good, they're so lying! ITS AMAZING.I was willing to take a 25 mile drive over to this place after realizing that this place has the 5th best ice cream in the US! I just got the peanut butter somethingy and it was super tasty and 100% original. The ice cream is a little pricey, being as one scoop of ice cream is about $3, though it's worth it!!!!Turns out the Food Network came to this place, so this place is a 100% MUST COME. NOW!
5	Really? Really? Really? Wow! The best icecream place in the world. Nuf Said.
5	yum!! Affordable at $3 a scope! I had the salted butter caramel and also tried the crunch ice cream that had toffee so good! I will be back! **BEST ICE CREAM in ARIZONA hands down!! so good I love one of kind family owned shops :) they also sell pints at your local wholefoods. The place is near scottsdale shea hospital and behind bank of america. saw it on yahoo news and I had to try it and I totally agree with what the editor wrote. http://travel.yahoo.com/ideas/america-s-best-ice-cream.html5. Sweet RepublicScottsdale, Ariz.Favorite Flavor: Salted Butter Caramel (Cost: $2.95)Since 2008, Sweet Republic owners Jan Wichayanuparp and Helen Yung have attracted ice cream connoisseurs with their homemade batches. The milk and creams used are provided by local dairy farms, while tasty toppings, including marshmallows, brownies, and waffles, are all made by hand. And that's not all: From its birchwood ice cream sticks to its recycled glass bottles, this shop prides itself on its eco-friendliness. To indulge your taste buds with an extra burst of flavor, try the zesty Honey Blue Cheese or decadent Mayan Chocolate flavors. You'll find Sweet Republic headquartered on Scottsdale's Shea Boulevard. Sweet Republic products are also sold at select grocery stores throughout the state.
5	The fact that Alton Brown says the best ice cream he ever ate came from Sweet Republic is probably enough of a testimony for this place.  But I can't ever keep my mouth shut when I discover something so stunnin, so I'm gonna tell you about it anyway.The owners of Sweet Republic were high-rolling financial powerhouses in New York City until September 11 delivered them a wakeup call.  Now they've brought all their brilliance and drive to ice cream in Scottsdale.  And the result is no less than pure perfection.Yes...virtually all their ingredients are locally sourced.  Yes...they're a green establishment.  Yes...they've won every award that can possibly be given to ice cream.But it all really comes down to the taste in the cone or cup.  And whether you're a vanilla sort of person (and you'll discover an entirely new realm of flavor in their ultra-rich vanilla), or someone with a bit more of an adventurous palate and spring for the peppercorn, or the blue cheese, or the cardamom (my favorite...I paired it with a scoop of dark chocolate sorbet), your taste buds will literally be RUINED to all other ice cream after eating at Sweet Republic.All the extra treats you see around (waffle cones, cookies, etc.) are made in-house as well.The texture of this ice cream is superior to anything I've had anywhere.  And their flavors are authentic and creative.  (Have you ever tasted ice cream made with REAL mint, rather than mint flavoring?  It will move you to tears.)Do yourself a favor.  Develop a full blown addiction to Sweet Republic for me.  I'm stuck in Dallas and only get it every once in awhile!!!
5	It's worth the hype! Reasons being:1) Tons of flavors, most that you could not find anywhere else like SWEET CORN!2) They don't skimp on samples. In fact, the woman working encouraged me to keep trying more!3) Turtle sundae. Whoa baby.4) Prices aren't outta control.5) Seating both inside & out.
4	Man this place is pretty darn yummy. The ice cream here is so dense and creamy. I can't imagine having any size bigger than their smallest size. It definitely hits the spot during those hot AZ summer nights.
4	I am so glad I don't live around Sweet Republic because if I did I would go broke and be fat. Their toffee banofi was so good. It has 2 delicious scoops of vanilla ice cream, toffee bits, chocolate and candied walnuts ( or at least it tasted like candy walnuts) in a waffle cone. It was so amazing I can see why it was featured on food network on best thing I ever ate. Everything blended so well together and it melted in my mouth. I do think it is on the pricer side considering the size of it but it was so fresh and delicious. The ice cream tasted fresh and delicious then again it was a 115 degrees outside so anything cold would taste good.Overall try the toffee banofi and you won't be disappointed.
5	We went here not expecting much, I mean how much more amazing can ice cream get, right? But this place is good. Real good.  We fell in love with the Toffee Banoffee. I've never really had anything like it before. Definitely worth a try, highly recommend this place and the prices are reasonable.
3	Great ice cream, but still just ice cream. Really enjoyed the salted caramel alongside a scoop of sweet corn. Feel a little silly for driving from Phoenix just for the taste but no complaints.
5	I'm so glad I found Sweet Republic with one of my best friends.They have really good ice cream and games that people can play while enjoying their ice cream :) My favorite is the Belgium chocolate in a waffle cone.It is delicious!
4	After enjoying a lovely lunch with Jennifer H and Julia T, Jennifer H decided to stop and buy ourselves an additional dessert.  This was my first visit to Sweet Republic, but I can't imagine it will be my last.  The server was really helpful.  I am incapable of making a quick decision when I am trying out a new place.  I asked server what she suggested and she said the watermelon sorbet.  It was good, but a little too sweet.  So I tried about three more including the sweet corn which was okay.  I don't remember the others  I of course ended up buying one that I didn't even sample.  I ended up with the Basil Lime Sorbet.  It was good if you like sour things.  I like that they have water available for you to drink while you enjoy your ice cream.  Next time, I will be trying the Real Mint Chip!
4	oooooooooh man am I SO GLAD this place isn't near my house, I would gain 20 pounds in no time! My sister took me here for the first time a couple weeks ago and my mind was blown by all the unique flavors they served! The shop itself is very cute and modern. I like that they have a section in the back with a bunch of board games, very cool. As for the ice cream I got the dutch chocolate and the horchata. The horchata was so so good, I cant stop thinking about it! The following week I took the husband there. Again the ice cream was very good but the service was terrible. It was an older lady behind the counter and she really couldn't care less that we were standing there. She let me sample an ice cream and then I just stood there for a good 5 minutes while she did other things behind the counter. We did finally get served but my husband wasn't impressed with the serves one bit. This time I got my ice cream in a waffle cone, the cone was so light and airy, I loved it!
5	Traveling through Scottsdale- my brother had taken Alton Brown's cue and tried the place and told me "you MUST go"... so we did..My wife and I split the Alton Brown recommended Toffee Banofi in a waffle-cone bowl.. the ultra-premium vanilla bean ice cream combined with fresh bananas, toffee bits, salted caramel sauce and fresh whipped cream was unreal.  At $8 it was a bit pricey but we split it and it was enough for both of us..They had a shelf of games in the back that occupied my 5-year old daughter and I... played some Connect 4 and Candy Land while my wife finished up her part of the sundae... nice touch!The people were very friendly and they have other hand-made ice cream flavors and creations that all looked very tempting.. wish we had more time in the city because we would have returned again!Go indulge yourself...
4	I haven't been here since my last review which was about 4 years ago. I stopped in today with a friend of mine who's a regular, and it was as good as I remember.  Decent selection of flavors, lots to taste, and prices were great.  It was a great treat after a nice lunch to stop in here and get a scoop of real ice cream.We were entertained by some of the people who were here while we ate, and it was fun to interact with other patrons while we visited.  There was a guy outside trying to train his dog and give his wife directions to the store while we sat outside and ate our ice cream..that was quite a bit of fun to watch, and we had a good laugh.  Overall, I still like sweet republic and should probably stop here more often when I'm in the area.
4	After eating lunch at the Arrogant Butcher and a bit of walking around downtown Phoenix, me and my girlfriend headed back to her place in Scottsdale; but made a quick stop at Sweet Republic to satisfy our craving for something sweet.  Upon walking in I had no idea just how famous this place was, until I saw a wall covered in press articles of recognition & until I saw the "As Seen on the Food Network" stamped on their menu for one of their ice cream dishes, the "Toffee Banofi" a double scoop of Madagascar Vanilla, fresh bananas, almond toffee brittle & salted butter caramel sauce.The interior is modern; slightly reminding me of Pinkberry and its modern decor.  There is the counter that contains the ice cream, sorbets, and pastries. There are tables and chairs both inside and outside. There is a help-yourself water dispenser which came in handy after I got thirsty from eating 2 scoops of ice cream.  There is also a stack of board games, near the water dispenser, to choose from and play with as you enjoy your ice cream at the tables. I admit that I'm boring when it comes to my preference for ice cream flavors. I tend to choose either vanilla or chocolate (or rocky road if I'm feeling adventurous). So surprise, surprise I ordered a scoop of their Madagascar Vanilla + a scoop of their Belgian Chocolate. You can definitely taste the quality and care that went into making these flavors. I personally preferred the Belgian Chocolate over the Madagascar Vanilla since the flavor was a bit more developed. I was able to sample the Horchata and the Espresso which were good but probably a bit too much for me had I ordered a scoop. Had I not been so full from lunch I would've liked to try the "Campfire S'more" adouble scoop of Belgian Chocolate, roasted marshmallow & hot fudge in a waffle bowl but I suppose this is just one of many reasons to re-visit Arizona again!
1	I bought two pints of this from whole foods today and I just read the ingredients list. They use corn syrup in their products!!!! This is a disgrace.  I can't believe Whole Foods sells your products.  I will never buy this again.  Why wouldn't you use cane sugar?  I am throwing this away and telling whole foods to stop selling your product.
5	I visited Sweet Republic after hearing a lot about how good it was. We split the Pecan Turtle sundae, which was plenty large for two or more people to indulge. We requested to substitute one scoop of ice cream for a different flavor and it was headed without any trouble whatsoever. The pecans and salted carmel were bursting with flavor and richness. The ice cream was fresh and sweet. It is a good idea to share, since the sweet salty richness is a bit much for one person to handle. Overall, the desert was amazing and I would like to visit here again. I wish this place weren't so far away from home!
3	The ice cream was good, but not sooo mind blowing or amazing. I can't think to pay 9 bucks for such a small serving makes sense at all.  We had mind blowing ice cream at a place far far away, made in store, arranged into cakes, pies, sundaes, etc. This doesn't reach that level...  so having a comparable type of ice cream shop blow this place away, even though it isn't even in the same state, just makes me not so impressed...
5	My favorite ice cream place in AZ!  Love the huge variety of delicious choices, especially the blue cheese ice cream!  Friendly service and high quality!  Mmmmmm!!!
5	Come.TheF.On.Very surprisingly, I hadn't heard of Sweet Republic until I moved in basically right behind the store. It was a sweltering summer afternoon, I wasn't working, and I spied ice cream. I was dubious at the amount I was paying for a scoop of espresso, but I tried it out.HOLY.Since then, we've become ultimate fans. I know, duh, Food Network, countless local awards and 325 reviews, almost all glowing, can't be wrong. Brave the line--it's worth it.Flavors we've had:Espresso: Pure coffee flavor, with a chocolatey kick. Perfection. Buzzbuzz.Real Mint Chip: They ask you if you've had it before, because it's natural, real mint goodness and some fat 'murcans have a dumbed down palate. Refreshing amaze-mint. (Get it?!?!?!)Maple Pecan: Boyfriend's favorite. Chunks of pecans in sweet, sweet mapley goodness. He likes it more than he likes me. I bought a pint for him when he was sick and it immediately healed. True story.Pumpkin Spice: You don't need pie anymore, or a PSL from Starby's. Get thee to SR for this holiday TREATACULAR.Horchata: I know what you're thinking...well, maybe you're not thinking, because your brain just exploded in cinnamony goodness just trying to figure out how delicious this could be. Hint: it's BETTER THAN THAT.Brownie Swirl: Chocolate Explosion. Enough.I've also sampled a wide variety; the Earl Gray sticks out in my mind for being so unique.The waffle cones and bowls are made fresh and if you just want to throw all caloric issues aside, get 2 scoops in a bowl and call it a crisp-ity, crunch-ity day. I like to break off lil pieces of it and use it as a "chip" for ice cream "dip." I'm also fat. You can be fat with me, if you indulge here. WORTH IT.
5	Amazing! Never a dull or bad experience. Their campfire sundae is insane! We always bring out of town guests here. I love that they sell their ice cream in Whole Foods.
4	Take a chance and try the blue cheese with honey!  As spoiled as I am with the amazing San Francisco Ice Cream Scene (Bi-Rite and Humphrey Slocombe) this is one of the best scoops I have ever had.  Such inventive flavors, well exectued classics and an incredibly nice staff.  It's a new must-do every time I'm in Phoenix visiting the family.
2	The ice cream: It's OK. I learned about the best ice cream while living in Boston. I was in college when Steve Herrell created "Steve's Ice Cream" in Cambridge, Mass. After a falling out with his partners, he opened "Herrell's". Then there was "Toscanini's," "Emack & Bolio's," "Ben & Jerry's," and the ol' reliable "Carvel." Sweet Republic has some good recipes, however, where this organization falls short is in their business practices. Their portions are small (I can live with that), but they did something I've NEVER seen before. They charge extra for having your ice cream in a cone!!Not one of the businesses in the first paragraph would have the temerity to charge you extra for having your ice cream in a cone!  While some ice cream shops do charge if you upgrade the cone, they always had a cone that was included in the price. At $4.65 for two small scoops and paying extra $1.00 for the cone, this place is now being run by the accountants. And, for the size of the portions, they're making a killing!!
5	Love it! The best ice cream ever if you go for the fist time try s'more camp fire great to share
5	Amazing ice cream - what I appreciate the most is the natural high quality ingredients....meyer lemon is insane and the owner Helen is so helpful. What an amazing small local business!!
4	Despite how nice he was, the teenage counter boy totally judged me when I ordered a double scoop right after devouring a cup of triple scoop.Not the best ice cream I've had and a little pricier than most places, but definitely good enough for my afternoon recess time when I just want to indulge in being fat and alone.Get: salted butter caramel, peanut butter chip, lavender, white rose, medjool dateAdd: toasted marshmallow, bacon brittle bitsTry: everything (like I shamelessly did)
5	Best ever.
5	I was so excited that I finally got to go to Sweet Republic. My boyfriend hyped it up (as he is a very avid lover of ice cream) and he was right-this place is awesome! Maybe it's the fact that they have Jameson Irish cream ice cream that's swaying me? I ordered a double trouble sundae with one scoop of the aforementioned flavor and another of Mayan chocolate. It was so good. The Jameson flavor was a sweet cream with just a hint of whiskey flavor and the Mayan chocolate had cinnamon and chilis in it which gave it a little spice. Top that off with hot fudge, walnuts and whip cream and it was one amazing sundae. I only wish I ordered it in a waffle bowl!I almost wish I lived closer to this place but part of me is glad I don't! I would be here all the time. The service was quick and the girls at the counter were super patient and friendly.
3	Stopped in here for a dessert snack today, joined by Mike C., Robyn N. & Arlin B.  I went with a waffle cone of Almond Butter Crunch Ice Cream.  It was delicious, but did run nearly $4, which seemed like a lot for a golf ball sized treat.     :-)
5	got vanilla with caramel salted something in a waffle cup. this is a crappy review because i can't remember the ice cream names but the outcome is amazing. go!board games in the back.
2	Since my initial review, I've been contacted, through Yelp, by someone who I originally believed to be a devoted fan or a company shill. Since she didn't review Sweet Republic, I believed she might be the latter. However, after being asked two times to no longer contact me (and being blocked on TWO separate accounts), she contacted me AGAIN through a third Yelp account. This third time, she included information in her message that could only be obtained through a website other than Yelp. Yelp management has been contacted. However, no action has been taken to date. Reading their Terms of Service ("TOS"), Yelp states that stalking is prohibited. But, these same TOS say that Yelp is under no obligation to enforce their TOS.Fans are cool; stalkers are not. Understandably, Sweet Republic has fans who are devoted. However, if you write a critical review of this business, you may be confronted by a stalker.It's so cute!! I have a stalker!! (ROFLMFAO!! @ P b., P O. & Catherine M. all of whom are one and the same nitwit!!)
4	Good place to get ice cream in the N. Scottsdale area.
4	i like this place although im not rating it 5stars because the services could be better.
5	This place is seriously addicting.  The mint chocolate chip is truly made with real mint.  The buttermilk strawberry puts all other strawberry ice creams to shame.  My current obsession is the Belgian Chocolate shakes. My husband likes the hot fudge vanilla shake.  Even the fat free sorbets are delicious.  I love the watermelon sorbet, very light and refreshing perfect in the summer.   It is so hard to enjoy any other ice-cream after Sweet Republic.  They all seem artificial now.  The staff is always friendly, the place is spotless and is unbelievably good.   I dream about their oatmeal cookies.
4	Definitely a great quality IC place to go to. Interesting unique flavors and Eco friendly. I may even like it better than bi-rite in San Fran. So glad I live here!  Some people have said the price is high but really - think about the good quality you're getting in their ingredients. It's actually a really good price. If you're willing to pay $3-$5 for crap coffee at Starbucks, you're getting robbed and sure as heck cant complain about the price at Sweet Republic.  Here you get quality at a great price. You can tell they care about their ice cream.  Thumbs up for being so eco-conscious.  Always a plus in my book.
3	Ice cream was meh. I like the creative selections but was disappointed by actual product. Prices are high for what it is, and location is very scottsdale.
5	My friends told me about this place, but I had to see it for myself. The campfire smores ice cream sundae was so perfectly made. I replaced the chocolate ice cream with peanut butter, and then it had hot fudge, marshmellow sauce, whipped cream and a toasted marshmellow block on top. They toast it in front of you! I could barely wait til I got home to eat it! Needless to say, every drop was delectable and it may be better than coldstone.
5	I have no idea how many times I've been back to Sweet Republic since my first review.  However I have yet to find anyplace else that has ice cream anywhere near as good.  In fact I think it is fair to say that Sweet Republic has ruined me on other ice cream places.  There is no point to going anyplace else, I'll just be disappointed that I am not at Sweet Republic.
4	One of two excellent ice cream experiences on our visit to AZ. Hubby and I stopped in for a Toffee Banofi sundae. Sooo yummy. We picked Horchata and some other kind of ice cream. I can't remember, because they weren't terribly flavorful, but the rest of the sundae was fabulous. The salted caramel sauce and brittle is yummy. The best part? The marshmallow I asked for. That had to be the best marshmallow I've ever had. Creamy and perfectly caramelized and sticky from the torch. Will definitely be back here next time I fly into Phoenix. I tasted the honey bleu cheese ice cream and, while hubby was not a fan, I thought it was a unique and wonderful ice cream. Only the ones we picked for the sundae were not that great. I think they were just too subtle, but at least they let the other ingredients shine!
5	Went to Sweet Republic yesterday. Ice cream was delicious. Staff wasn't super friendly or rude, just so so. Waffle cones were too thick and pricey for me. Wi go back for ice cream.
4	hmmmm.  One of the best ice creams that I've ever had!  They have a wide variety of flavors and frankly I don't remember what I had because I like trying out different flavors each time I visit and each time was always supper yummy, nice and sweet, creamy and flavorful, some with crunchies or nuts.  They have some amazing sundaes too and I should probably try one soon!The staff can be a little bit more friendly though.  Maybe they don't like their job...
5	Since I cannot go to Jeni's Ice Cream anymore, this is my 2nd favorite in the USA.  Best in  Arizona.  The Earl Grey is AMAZING.  I cannot wait to go back!!!
5	This place is the best Ice Cream I've ever had!  I saw it on Best Things I Ever Ate, recommended by Alton Brown.  That was a year ago...I haven't had ice cream from anywhere else since.  I've had sundaes, cookies, scoops, brittle and cones!  My favorites are Bleu Cheese Honey and I Heart Bacon.  The Sweet Corn one I had the other day is a close contender as well.The Bacon Brittle is an absolute must! I've bought a couple bags and it's always gone rather quickly.  The homemade toasted marshmallows are to die for, I could eat them all day!
4	Ice cream was delicious, service was friendly, place was clean. Great place to check out.
5	AMAZING. Definitely one of the coolest ice cream places I have ever been too. I tried all the unique flavors and ended up with the Campfire S'more Sundae with both the honey bleu cheese and salted butter caramel ice creams. The homemade marshmallow on top was soooo good. Its quite a drive for us and it wasn't cheap but we will go back on special occasions!
4	***Sweet Republic features a wide variety of good ice cream flavors (both traditional flavors and unique ones); this gourmet ice cream parlor also delivers their ice cream into all kinds of desserts including sundaes and shakes; housemade goodies like marshmallows and almond toffee brittle are also available***Sweet Republic is a gourmet ice cream shop in Scottsdale.  This store has a wide variety of ice cream flavors and there are more traditional flavors like chocolate and mint, but there are several unique flavors too like sweet corn and honey blue cheese.  Sweet Republic is not simply ice cream in a cup or cone though.  This shop also features their ice cream in many different types of desserts like sundaes, shakes and ice cream sandwiches.Other items are available too like nostalgic candy and several housemade goodies that make for nice gifts--like packaged bags of bacon brittle, almond toffee brittle and marshmallows.I tried several of their ice cream flavors.  I felt their traditional flavors were decent like Belgian chocolate and salted butter caramel.  My favorite flavor I had was their sweet corn.  It had a great and very noticeable corn flavor.  The consistency of the ice cream was very good.  The ice cream was thick and dense as well as very smooth and creamy (with no trace of iciness).  The sweet corn did have a few corn kernels mixed into the ice cream, which I thought was unnecessary; it kind of distracted from the very even smoothness of the ice cream.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sweet-republic-scottsdale-2?select=C6qJQ4XVXg3oLRDG38a1ww#I9lsd_IyLbyYzhAlDh0MEgI also tried one of their sundaes, Toffee Banofi, which was featured on Food Network's Best Thing I Ever Ate.  The sundae consisted of two scoops of their Madagascar vanilla ice cream, which was topped with fresh banana, almond toffee brittle, whipped cream, and salted butter caramel sauce.  Everything went together very well and all of the toppings were good.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/sweet-republic-scottsdale-2?select=C6qJQ4XVXg3oLRDG38a1ww#RreFW96E2_qZMqBPo0rglwThe only topping to really stand out though was the almond toffee brittle.  It had a great crunch and crispness from both the whole almonds and the brittle.  The flavor was very good too--a very nice burnt caramel flavor that was definitely robust and strong without being too bitter.Service was good--pleasant, polite and quick.The store has a very nice interior.  It is a pretty big space with a decent amount of seating.  The store has a few nice decor touches throughout the room.  The decor is not as charming as some of the upscale artisan ice cream shops I have been to, but it is still good and nicer than most ice cream parlors.Prices on the sundaes are pretty expensive.  Ice cream by the scoop here is not too pricey though Sweet Republic's prices are similar to other gourmet ice cream shops in big cities.I enjoyed both the ice cream and sundae at Sweet Republic.  The flavors were good and the consistency had the thickness, firmness, density, and smoothness that you just do not get at a lot of the major mass market ice cream parlors.  I think the flavors are more distinct at ice cream shops like Sweet Rose Creamery (in Brentwood), Carmela (in Pasadena) and Jeni's (in Ohio), but Sweet Republic is definitely worth visiting if you are an ice cream fan and find yourself in the Phoenix or Scottsdale area.Sweet Republic is located in a retail plaza that has its own free parking lot.  It is easy finding an open space.
5	The first time i ever came here, I didn't think that I'd ever in my right mind fall in love with corn ice cream....but by god this stuff is from another universe.  Jameson is definitely a second best.  I don't think that there have been many ice creams that I didn't like...unless you count the blue cheese one....okay that's just not right (in my mind) lol....anywho, I wish you guys would do corn ice cream more than just once a year!! *hint hint*.  See you soon!
4	This is a cute little place and it has delicious ice cream! Where else can you get a scoop of great ice cream with syrup for $2.50? You can taste test the many flavors before deciding what you want to order. You will be a fan after one taste with your colored personal scoop!
3	Interesting favors, but seems a bit overpriced for the serving size and the employees were all very morose and didn't have any energy at all.
4	Over the years, I have heard many good things about Sweet Republic but always felt it was out of the way. The traffic near Shea and the Loop 101 is killer during the day and after work. However, I finally decided to go at 9pm on a Saturday, when the streets should be dead. Good thing they were, because I had to pull a U turn to get into the shopping center that houses Sweet Republic. Outside, there is ample parking and a few patio tables/chairs set up. The inside is well lit with many tables, chairs, and half-booth seating. There are two display cases with freshly made ice cream, an area with delicious toppings, and an ice cream freezer filled with to-go pints. Oh, and there's a game area where you can pull out an old board game and play with your companions. When I first entered, I wasn't sure where to start. While there is a board displaying the flavors of the day and the items they offered (sundaes, shakes, coffee, etc) I felt I needed to look at the ice cream to get a better sense of what I wanted to eat. After a few samples, my husband decided on the coconut and lemon in a waffle bowl. I went with a scoop of coffee with toffee brittle, salted caramel sauce, and a freshly toasted hand-made marshmallow on top. It was delicious! (I'm a sucker for toasted marshmallows and this one was amazing.)  There were so many flavors to choose from and so many sundae options as well. I'd love to come back and try all their other offerings. I'm definitely glad I finally gave it a try!
5	This might be my favorite Ice Cream shop in Arizona. And it get so much better as it's local! SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL COMPANIES! THIS IS MERICUH!! Actually to be honest I'll support any shop that has ice cream in it.Some information I guess since this is a review.-My favorite Ice Cream flavors by far are the Salted Butter Caramel and the Maple Pecan. But I've never had a bad flavor yet from them. And oh you better believe that I have tried them all. Possibly sampled every flavor every time I've went. -I love that it is open til 10pm. Seriously, who hasn't had the late night cravings for ice cream?? and Wow Thanks to Yelp I now know that it is open til 11pm on Fridays and Saturdays. This place gets better and better! If they would now only be open 24 hours then my dream of having premium ice cream at 3am can now be fulfilled.-They have Almond brittle-They have Bacon Brittle-Let me repeat that. They have BACON Brittle. This is by far the best bacon brittle that I've had. Makes me want to buy a package and sprinkle it all over everything. IF bacon makes everything taste better, how about bacon brittle?!? -Toffee Banofi. Just get it.I rate this place 5 stars. Woohoo! As good as it gets!
4	This is my husband's favorite ice cream shop.  Since it's quite a drive from our house, we don't get to go that often, but the times we do, Sweet Republic never disappoints.  They have such a great variety of uncommon flavors.  The hubs always buys a scoop or two there and then purchases a pint of their lime basil sorbet to-go every single time.  I'm not going to lie, I'm a pretty boring ice-cream eater, so I always just eat the Madagascar vanilla bean ice-cream.  I figure, if it ain't broke, don't fix it! :)
5	best. ice. cream. everthat's all i have to say:)
5	Ever had that moment that left you wanting to keep coming back for more...thats what I get every time I go to this place!!  I love it here!!  The flavors are unique and well though..the ingredients are organic and taste great.  The only thing I dont like is when the owner comes out she hardly smiles...you own the best ice cream shop in the world I expect a smile from ear to ear :)  My wife loves the blue cheese ice cream, I'm simple and go for the belgium chocolate in a waffle cone but I've tried almost every flavor except bacon hehe
5	So, Sweet Republic lived up to the hype. I mean seriously, so good. If you like ice cream, you have to try this.The shop is small, clean, and the staff is helpful. The cherry chocolate chip is full of chunks of delicious, ripe cherries. The vanilla is so smooth, creamy, simple, and wonderful. The Belgian chocolate is rich - perfect for chocolate lovers. The Rocky Road is so good! The homemade marshmallow is what really does it - so soft and fluffy, with such a great flavor. I wish I had purchased a bag on our way out. I will definitely do so in the future.I got a cup and my husband got a waffle bowl. I wish I had gotten a waffle bowl, too. It's fresh, and it has a great flavor with the perfect texture.Well worth the calories! I can't wait to go back and try, oh, say, everything.
5	A great place for a very special treat and they have a good variety with some unique ice cream and toppings. A little expensive but worth every penny.
5	Wow, wow, wow, and wow!  I had no idea ice cream could be this amazing,  They have a lot of unique flavors, not because they want to be different, but because they can make even the most esoteric flavors taste delicious.Hands down, my favorite is the toffee banoffee sundae.  The salted caramel drizzle alone is worth the trip. It makes me want to grab the squeeze-it bottle and suck on it like a baby.  Aside from the sundae, my next favorite is the peaberry espresso ice cream.  I'm not sure what a peaberry is, but I'm pretty sure it's code for frickin' delicious!  This is definitely the place to go to indulge yourself and impress your family or coworkers.Funny tidbit, my wife and I went here all the time while we were dating.  When I proposed, I sent my wife on a scavenger hunt to all of our memorable and favorite places around the Valley.  The employees at Sweet Republic were gracious enough to help out and give my wife the last clue that directed her to the proposal spot.  Sweet Republic will always be a special place to us because of this.Please open a location in Chandler or Tempe! :-)
5	So for 4 years I have made it a point to stop by here anytime I am on the East side.  Even went to the farmers market a couple of times when 59 Chev was running and have stopped at Whole foods at Tatum and Shea to pick up a pint or two.  Having missed their peach ice cream the last two summers I scheduled my day around making a special trip across town for ice cream.  I was not disappointed and the woman working the counter recognized me as a semi regular customer.  I guess I better bump them up to 5 stars if I am willing to spend more on gas than the double scoop of peaches and cream that I enjoyed on the patio.
4	We have been here about 4 times in our traverses to Scottsdale and we always make sure to make time for Sweet Republic. They have unique flavors, toppings and mix-ins.  My toddler loves the strawberry sorbet, and I like the peanut butter chip. The shop itself is pretty tiny inside and so if it gets busy it is hard to find seating or even move around. It is located in a shopping complex and so there is additional outdoor seating. In addition to their ice cream I recommend trying their baked goods as well -- yummy! I also definitely recommend getting a waffle cone -- those are to die for!  The prices are a little on the high side but it is well worth your money.
3	Saw this place on "Best Foods in America" when the show listed food trucks wich i guess was the place the girls behind this icecream parlour started out.  As i was vacationing just a couple of miles from this place i had to try it. Had the salted caramel swirl that was really creamy and tasty. No complaints there.  Also felt a bit adventerous and had the honey-blue cheese thatwas good and different though it was no wow experience. If i would go there again sometime in the future i think i would go all in and have one of the sundaes with wipped cream and sauce.  Its a bit pricey for icecream but not too bad.
5	Okay. There's not much I can write other than this is the best ice cream I have ever had in my life. I was blown away by the mint ice cream and even the vanilla: how can you improve on vanilla? They have! A must try while in Scottsdale.
3	We gave the Campfire S'mores a go.It was ok. Nothing awesome bout it. Just a regular Belgian chocolate ice cream w loads of whip, and a roasted marshmallow on top.A bit on the pricey side.Customer service was warm and friendly. ^_^Will return, but not anytime soon.
5	Sweet Republic is seriously amazing.I have high standards for frozen dairy treats, and Sweet Republic is waaayy up there! I was drawn to this place after learning about their unique artisan ice cream flavors: Blue Cheese Honey, Sweet Corn, Real Mint, Maple Pecan ... plus housemade marshmallows - YUM!I was finally able to convince my hubby to make the pilgrimage because they are (incredibly) open until 11pm on Fridays and Saturdays, which makes it the perfect late night date spot :) The shop is supercute, decor is contemporary and cheerful, with unique lighting fixtures. The tables are lined up along a banquette on the side of the restaurant - again, very date friendly! You can cozy up with your significant other while savoring some yummy icecreamy goodness. They have a stack of board games at the back of the restaurant, which I thought was a nice touch as well - how fun to get some delicious icecream while playing Connect Four with a friend?The menu is excellent: from the icecreams themselves to the sundae options and awesome toppings, you really can't go wrong.I went in expecting to order the Campfire S'More Sundae, but made a rogue move at the last moment and switched over to the Pecan Turtle Sundae in a waffle cup... omgoodness, so, so GREAT. Before settling on my sundae, I did get a quick sample of the Plum Verbena icecream and wow - light, refreshing, and unique - definitely a good pick if you're in the mood for a scoop or two. Now, back to the Pecan Turtle Sundae: I've had lots of Turtle Sundaes and this one was just head and shoulders above anything else I've ever tasted. I seriously dreamed about it from the time I left Sweet Republic until the following weekend, when we returned so that I could have it again (and share it with my Grandmother, who is a fellow appreciator of a good frozen treat!) The sundae is topped with hot fudge and salted caramel sauce, fresh whipped cream, and pecans that are toasted/transformed into little nuggets of greatness. The waffle bowl was the crowning glory: sweet, crispy, crunchy and delicious - be sure to get one :) My husband ordered the Cookie Mintifesto and he loved it, although I wasn't a huge fan of the "real" mint - I prefer fake mint, I guess :) It was pretty "brisk" and not very sweet. My son tried the Honey Blue Cheese on our second visit and was smacking his lips and "mmm-mmm"ing the whole time. Service was alright - the sundaes take a bit of time to make and when they're busy, the employees seem stressed. I can't recommend Sweet Republic enough as a must-try destination in itself, but it will also become an "anytime" place that you'll find yourself headed to every opportunity you have.
5	I spent 15 years in the flavor business, specializing in Ice Cream. This place is #1, in my book.The Madagascar Vanilla is supurb. The Real Mint Chip is made with locally grown mint leaves instead of mint oil or flavor, and they have this Lavender ice cream that is beyond description. The flavor starts out light, almost unnoticeable. Then it slowly grows in intensity and becomes this unbelievable tongue massage of flavor, with a clean aftertaste. It's simply the most well behaved flavor I've ever had, after Vanilla.
4	Deliciously awesome. We had the espresso ice cream in the waffle cone.  When we first opened the door the smell of fresh waffle cones filled the air.  They were making them then.  Super delicious and cute place.I am subtracting one start bc the older woman helping us could use a happy pill. She seemed to be in a bad mood and not so happy to serve people.  For petes sake lady, you work at an ice cream shop.  Have fun with it!
5	What a fun place!!The ice cream and sorbet flavors are so unique.  Last night I had a scoop of the Basil Lime sorbet and a scoop of the Lavender ice cream (I am a sucker for lavender).  My daughter and husband both had the Pumpkin Spice ice cream and loved it.This is a fun place for a little treat and some fun family time. They even have board games that the customers can use.  And when you leave, be sure to check out the freezer full of pre-packed pints.  I saw some yummy flavors in there that must be part of the rotation but that were not in the case.  Can't wait to go back.
2	Nothing noteworthy at all- really don't know how this place was rated so high. Atmosphere okay, service okay, ice cream... Just okay.
3	I came here the other day to get ice cream with my brother, it wasn't anything amazing..I've tried the banana before, and got the Belgian chocolate and a cookie, while he tried the honey blue cheese. The ice creams were good, but nothing special really. Don't get the chocolate chip cookie though, it was soo thin that it was crunchy, and had two chocolate chips in it. Especially for what you pay, for just one (tiny) scoop+a cookie it was close to $6. Maybe I was just expecting too much from all of the reviews? 1 extra star for the unique flavors though.
4	Sweet republic i couldn't wait to try this place  hearing all the good reviews from my friends. We traveled all the way from ASU area to try this place out. One star off because of the location being far from students. Taste: lavender ice cream & sea salted caramel: 5 Decor: Nice and clean fun 5 Board gamesRoasted marshmallow: mehhhhhh pretty for one second a 3 Location: 3
5	I *heart* EVERYTHING about Sweet Republic!!! And I am even more pleased to see that they are now supplying their delicious ice cream flavors to Whole Foods!! The staff is always friendly, even when I have shown up at 2 minutes til closing. The ice cream always tastes amazing and the flavors are out of this world! The Campfire S'more Sundae is just to die for. And they have Bacon Brittle that I dream about constantly... so much in fact, I will be giving it as stocking stuffers for the holidays this year ;)
5	This is some pretty good ice cream.  I'm glad this is far from my house and that I don't have a sweet tooth because otherwise, I'd be breaking the bank and widening the waist.  I sampled 4 flavors and wanted them all but settled on one and picked at my friends' servings.  Much better than another ice cream joint I recently visited in downtown Scottsdale.
4	So, the first time I visited I was amazed with the ice cream. The second time I wasn't as happy with my pick. However, the waffle cones are incredibly good - I'm definitely happy I tried one even since I usually just opt for a cup.
3	These kind of ice cream places might have alot of flavors, but I call them all smooth creams. None of the flavors are packed with nuts or chunks of stuff and no way should I ever have to add a topping to an ice cream cone? Tried the famous blue cheese honey and another flavor, both good, but I prefer my ice cream to have lots of stuff already in it and a good flavor. Ended up with apple pie flavor, but once again, no apple pie crust or anything like that, just flavored ice cream in need of something more.
5	This place is amazing. I had both the apple cinnamon and pumpkin spice ice cream in a waffle cone. The ice cream was the best I've ever had. I believe what makes it so good is the texture their ice cream has. It is something I haven't noticed from other ice cream shops. The cone to me was great but other people I was with thought it was a little sweet.  The price was average which was great considering the high quality of the ice cream. The staff seemed friendly. I have no complaints.
5	Seriously curious after seeing this place on tv. I finally had the chance to go and I spent $20 on ice cream. Smooth creamy and delicious.
4	On a good day with experienced help and the better flavors, this is an amazing place to go for ice cream. This is perennially on the top of everyone's "Best of" lists for ice cream. Not everything works. I will not get over the blue cheese flavored ice cream and I like blue cheese. Parking is sometimes an issue. Seating is a problem, particularly when it is extremely hot weather. If you are price sensitive that can be an issue too since you are paying for the best. I think it is worth it.
5	Love love love this place!! Great service, out of this world ice-cream & other treats.  The BEST thing on the menu...toffee banofi!!! Unbelievable & worth every calorie!
5	Introduced a friend to the goodness of Sweet Republic.Had the Madagascar Vanilla, and the Eggnog.The vanilla was good, but the Eggnog tasted like Christmas!I don't visit often enough.
2	The icecream is fantastic! I came in with five others, everyone's icecream/ sundaes/ shakes were great, but as a food service professional I was appalled by how terrible the service was. For five people it took almost half an hour to get our icecream. Two guest in front of us got a sundae each.  Five minutes per sundae. Of the two employees within view only one was actually working to satisfy guests, the other (a young teen-ager) shook powdered sugar off of marshmallows (which none of us had ordered)
5	Had item on Food Network "Best Thing I Ever Ate" Toffee Banofi", I was real appreciative that since I just had dinner that they were accomodating to doing a half size version so I could taste the concoction. Was a wise choice and would recommend anyone giving it a shot. We got there around 830 pm and when we left at 930 pm the line was actually longer. Next time I go will try the S'more.Great place to take out of town people, they will not forget
2	Visiting Phoenix and noted the rave reviews on this place, so decided to try this on our way back to our hotel. When we came at around 8:30 PM on Friday night, there was only one other couple in front of us so we were served pretty quicklyService: Only 2 people working. We were greeted immediately when we walked in, but I got the feeling that I was supposed to have known what I wanted at that time.  The employee who helped us was not super friendly, but maybe it had been a long shift or...?Ice cream:  My husband got the TC^2 and the salted caramel, and I got the almond buttercrunch and apple cinnamon. I also sampled the honey blue cheese and the sugar and spice.  I didn't get much of the almond flavor out of the almond buttercrunch, but the other flavors were alright. The texture was not great - kind of icy, not very creamy for all the hype around this place.Pricing: Reasonable.If one is in the area and wants ice cream with "original" flavors for a decent price, might stop in. Otherwise, I would not recommend going out of one's way for the ice cream here. All-in-all my husband and I were non-plused (we're also spoiled by some really great ice cream in the SF bay area).
5	L O V E this place!! Best ever and enjoyed every bite yummy!! I went with the pecan turtle, it was just for me so I went with the one scoop version. This yummy treat was worth it! Everyone was very nice and helpful. Of course I had to sample plenty but was able to find the one for me. Make sure to stop by because it's worth it!
5	Chicory Coffee with Toffee Honey deserves the descriptive term AMAZEBALLS! I almost passed up on the flavor but my ice cream partner chose it as his flavor for our double scoop cup and I'm glad he did. I chose the Sichuan pepper and chocolate combo, which was fun and novel, but we both found ourselves eating around it vying for the last bites of the Chicory Coffee with Toffee Honey.
5	I love the mint chocolate chip! Real mint leaves instead of imitation flavoring. The peppermint is fabulous also! Really, you can't go wrong.
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review for Sweet Republic yet. I initially went for the famous Toffee Banofi but have returned again and again because of their delicious ice cream flavors that are constantly rotating.The Toffee Banofi is totally worth it! In my experience, restaurants that have been featured on the Food Network are typically overrated. Sweet Republic on the other hand, is not! The sundae is large enough to share with someone else. Their salted caramel sauce and toffee brittle are the best and you can't find them anywhere else.I've tried numerous flavors, some of my favorites are: lychee mojito sorbet, banana foster (get it with the toffee brittle or salted caramel sauce), horchata, sweet corn, and pumpkin spice.I've even tried some of the more unusual flavors such as their honey blue cheese and Hop Knot IPA. I've even tried their bacon brittle too, which is surprisingly quite good. The best way to find out about their current flavors is to follow them on Instagram. Go and sample their flavors, they really want you to get the flavor that you're going to enjoy. You won't regret it!
3	Honestly, go get yourself some gelato instead!I was excited to try this place based on a recommendation from a friend and all of the other hype (food network, best of the valley, etc).  Well, it was "fine"--I enjoyed my ice cream, but a pint of Ben & Jerry 's is just as good.  So, if you want something delicious, cold, and sweet, get yourself some gelato at one of the amazing places in the Valley instead.
4	Love this place.  Try to get in several times a month year round.  The staff is always friendly and the decor is bright and inviting.  The ice cream is great and they always have some interesting flavors.  My only beef, and its a small one, is that I wish the bits (chocolate chips, nuts, etc.) in the ice cream were bigger.  I lived in Boston years ago and got hooked on ice cream with big chunky bits.  A must go when you get a chance.
5	Absolute perfection. Phenomenal ice cream. Gregarious staff. Immaculate bathroom. Awesome board games. True communal feel. Cheap prices. Need I say more? No.
5	Sweet Republic has dethroned my beloved Mitchell's in San Francisco to become my favorite ice cream shop! It was a painful realization, but S.Rep's creativity and medley of unusual flavors is unmatched. The toffee banofi was perfect!
2	Very disappointing. Baskin Robbins has better ice cream (and Hagen Das has much better ice cream).I got the hot fudge Sundae. And when they say "hot" they mean room temperature. And when they say "fudge" they mean Hershey's chocolate. Served out of a squeeze bottle.Go anywhere else.
4	Oh hellz yes. Artisan ice cream that is dense, chewy and delicious. I always say I am going to try something new but I always return to the salted caramel ice cream. Their homemade cookies are amazing as well. After reading some of the narrow minded reviews, I cannot understand what people were expecting. The ingredients are fresh, the flavors are unique, the ice cream is made in small batches, and the location is clean and fun. Reasonably priced.
4	Plenty parking and seating. Has numerous games that you can play as you sit. Sampled various non-dairy sorbets since I couldn't have dairy and loved the coconut milk sorbet (thick, creamy, not icey). The strawberry and chocolate were good too. The lemon basil? was strong in flavor, but not quite what I craved. My friends enjoyed their ice cream. A little pricey, but worth a try!
5	It started with milkshake then it ended with peanut butter, bacon, and chocolate goodness in my belly. So what makes this ice cream shop different than the rest. It's the unique flavors, the laid back atmosphere, and the opportunity to play Connect 4 with the lovely wifey.The ice cream is sweet, rich, and flavorful. I literally tasted all 3 flavors in my shake. The wifey had a peaberry espresso in a cone. Not much berry, but definitely packed an espresso punch to the taste...very delicious with the cone!What a way to end off my night enjoying rich ice cream dominating my wife in Connect 4...well, so I say! We will see you again Sweet Republic to try your ice cream cookie sandwich and vengeance with the 4 of connect!
5	Brought the kids in and discovered the Huckleberry Ice Cream.  The kids loved it.  Store itself was pretty cool, clean, and comfy.  The kid at the counter was very friendly and courteous.  Will come back.
5	A small paradise off Shea and scottsdale. One of the finest ice cream shops in the valley. Never tasted anything like the campfire s'more. Now that I live far off from this place, cant frequent as much as i'd love to. Most whole foods in Scottsdale have their Gelato from this place, and it never goes wrong. The Basil Lime sorbet is a winner too.
3	The ice cream was delicious and the atmosphere was fun! Lots of yummy options , which we loved because we get bored with usual flavors that chain and franchises offer. However, the employes working that day hated their job and were rude and short with customers , lots of eye rolling. Although I anticipated the price, I had hopes the scoops would be slightly larger. Unhappy employees don't give out nice scoops! I hope to visit again and be surprised by happier employees !
4	This place gets a lot of hype and rightly so.  They have 1 of a kind artesian flavors you won't find anywhere else.  Everything is made in the store with fresh, natural ingredients.  I usually go for the cookies with milk, huckleberry or horchata.  I actually really like their homemade cookies (walnuts, oatmeal, melted chocolate).  Lots of my out of town guests enjoy visiting this place.  I just wish it was a little cheaper so I could enjoy it more often.
5	Sweet Republic makes their caramel from scratch, which makes their sea salted caramel ice cream absolutely amazing.  Sweet Republic CEO actually came to speak at our Strategy MBA class. They bring an innovative fashion to ice cream with very unique flavors you won't find anywhere.  The ice cream is very creamy and not too rich.  You have to get the waffle cone!
5	I love the ice cream here. I always order thin mint -- which is great if you like a natural minty flavor. I've noticed it's actually cheaper to buy by the pint than the scoop, I'll have to do that in the future instead.
5	This place is amazing! It was my first time in and Angela helped me with my indecisiveness. She is fabulous at her job and it's clear she enjoys what she does. I sampled so much and left with not only ice cream, but homemade marshmallows and a cookie. Talk about a diabetic coma, but worth it!
5	I have just one word.. AMAZING!!! I am so glad we decided to try this place out. The is hands down the best ice cream ever invented. Everything is made with fresh Ingredients, the store is always clean. And the chocolate chip cookies are to die for!! Oh and you must try a toasted marshmallow on top!! This is our go to place Everytime were in Scottsdale.
4	This isn't your ordinary ice cream shop.  Come prepared to try something new.Just go.
3	If I was basing this rating on ice cream alone, they'd get four or five stars, because the ice cream is terrific - all kinds of unique flavors and very rich. They also have a variety of sorbets for anyone looking for a lower-calorie option. However, the service is terrible. I've been four or five times, and the service is always inexplicably slow, with the line sometimes stretching to the door. The servers are inattentive; the last time I was there, the teenage girl serving us was paying way more attention to flirting with the guy making cones than to serving us ice cream. Seems like a place that charges nearly four dollars for a single scoop in a cup could bother to hire better employees.
1	Horrible service. I went in with my husband to get a sundae and wanted to use a coupon for Father's Day weekend.  It clearly says for the weekend. When I went to use it is only valid Saturday and Sunday.  Really it is Friday night and you won't honor it. Their ice cream is not that good and there was maybe 3 people in the store.Customer service is something theu really need to work on.
5	simply some of the best ice cream in the US.    A true culinary experience!   Love the sweet corn ice cream.  Delicious
3	So I took the wife and daughters to Sweet Republic for Saturday night dessert. We were expecting an epic finish to the night based on the reviews from my fellow Yelpers. This place was really busy (line out the door) and the set up was not conducive to 1st time customers because we felt like we had to make impromptu decisions on flavors that really didn't sound too good in the first place.  The staff made us feel like cattle being prodded along the line so we really didn't sample any flavors prior to ordering. I decided to pig out and went with the Homemade Ice Cream Sandwich. It was two chocolate cookies with your choice of ice cream in the middle. I went with the Brownie Swirl and thought it was pretty tasty.  The cookies had a nice crunch to them and the ice cream was sweet but not overpowering. It was really messy though.My wife ordered a single of the peanut butter flavor and she didn't finish it. My youngest ordered a single of the chocolate sorbet which was bitter if you're into that.  My oldest ordered a salted caramel shake that tasted like plain milk.  Absolute Disappointment! No flavor! Overall I was disappointed for the amount of money we paid for flavors that were mediocre. I think I'll give it another chance, but I'll probably go when it's not so busy.
5	We are huge fans! We often forego dessert when eating out and head to Sweet Republic. Be open to trying new flavors, be patient as scoopers attend to the whims of customers inner ice-cream loving child, and be sure to include a cookie or cone or both in the mix! Oh, and a roasted  marshmellow! Wait; also the brittles! :P YUM Don't forget to smile people. You're in an ice cream parlor for goodness sake. Put away your phones, grab a game, and share a sundae!
4	Last couple times, servers started weighing the scoops and took ice cream out if there was too much. Who does that for portions that are already too small for the price?? Minus a star.
5	Outstanding hand crafted ice cream with some creative toppings such as bacon brittle!
5	Lavender ice cream....that is ALL you will need.  The Fleur de Sel was absolutely excellent.  The other Fleur de Sel Ice creams I've had are more sweet caramel, without that salt kick that makes it actual Fleur de Sel.  In theirs the salt came through, along with the caramel goodness.  Tried the Lime Basil--it tastes like a frozen mojito....and that isn't a bad thing.I cannot wait to come back here and try more flavors!!!
5	Coconut sorbet in a waffle cone! Best part is the chocolate at the bottom of the waffle cone :)
5	I don't know how this didn't get 5 stars every time. The salted Carmel is unreal. It's a very throw back type ice cream parlor. My fiance and I got our engagement pictures taken here due to the decor! Helen the owner is super nice and they always have new flavors. Unfortunately I'm a creature of habit and always get the same thing, salted butter Carmel and chocolate in a cup. It is a touch pricey but you get what you pay for. Also, whole foods carries SR in their store so that is a def plus. We love this place!
5	Apparently, this shop has been on the Food Network as they were showing the episode on their TV.  I came per Anthony G's recommendation.  Tried the Peabody Espresso in a waffle cone and my husband got the Salted Caramel Butter Swirl in a waffle cone in a cup.  Both flavors were yummy and the waffle cone was my favorite.  Not too sweet, but crunchy.  Everyone around us seemed to be newbies like us and they were also raving about how good their ice cream was.  You can see how reputable they are by looking at the wall full of newspaper and magazine articles they've been in.  Definitely worth a pit stop especially on a hot summer day.
4	Stopped in after a bad dinner. Service: quick, friendly, efficient. Excellent over allFlavors: great selection, creative and not too sweetTexture ( amount of air in ice cream and creaminess): excellent Price: Fair
5	SO GOOD!!! Yes that was caps and exclamations. I seriously considered going back to the counter for more scoops after finishing my first two. The butter pecan crunch, sweet corn and peanut butter were awesome.
2	Not really sure what all the hype is about. We had the double trouble sundae - two scoops of ice cream and hot fudge for $7. Ice cream flavors were pretty bland. Had the peanut chip and brownie flavors. Honestly would not come back here. Go to sugar bowl or sprinkles for better dessert in the area - this place is pretty sub par.
5	Ummmm...WOW! I've been coming here off and on since they've been open. My faves are the Honey Blue Cheese, and White Rose. Also, their homemade Almond Toffee Brittle is incredible and I'll usually pick up a bag when I stop by. I love to support deserving small businesses and congratulate the owners on their success.
5	I absolutely LOVE the Pecan Turtle Sundae. My little one doesn't have a lot of sweets so we decided to try the watermelon sorbet and she loved it! Can't wait to go back!
5	I'm in love with this place. Absolutely unique and just wonderful. Every time that my family are in they have the most amazing favors. You won't find better ice cream in Scottsdale. Customer service is also wonderful. Very knowledgable.
5	I was told of this place and it's wonderful reputation by a close friend. I'm a huge fan of ice cream so one day I decide to try this place out. I'm very glad I did! Not only did they have quickly and friendly service, the quality of the ice cream is beyond anything I've ever tasted! I decided to go on a whim and try the sweet corn flavor! You can say I will surely be back to have some more! Don't be scared away from the name of the ice cream. Sample it yourself!
4	This place was a nice place to have unique flavors of ice cream. The ice cream was a perfect balance of sweet and creamy and was kept at the right temperature so that it didn't have any icicles but was not too soft. I ended up trying the Yuzu Cherry and the Salted Butter Caramel. Prices was decent and the atmosphere was cozy. The workers were nice and offered plenty of samples! Only thing from giving them a 5 star was the way they scooped the ice cream. After working for 3+ years in the ice cream service I could not help but cringe at the way she scooped (lock your wrist with a power grip!). Overall it was excellent!
4	Best mint chip ice cream!   Bought my daughter here as a treat and she loves the mint as well.  The waffle cone is nice a sweet and is a great compliment to the ice cream.  Also had the brownie swirl and that is great as well!  I love ice cream and unfortunately I have it way too often at least with sweet republic their ingredients are all natural.   So that's a feel good moment. There's another location on 16th St and Bethany Home which is closer to where I reside.  I'll become a regular.
5	Hands down the best ice cream/sorbet. It is also available at Whole Foods if you have time constraints.
4	Good selection of flavors and interesting toppings like freshly roasted marshmallows. Stop by for a lazy Sunday treat with your family!
3	A friend treated me and my husband to some ice cream here.  He was raving about this place and so I had high expectations.  There were some interesting flavors.  I ended up choosing some alcohol based Irish cream flavor.  It just tasted like regular ole vanilla to me.  The prices are outrageous.  $3 something for a tiny bowl, with no toppings. I finished my ice cream within 2 minutes.  And I noticed it was like $8 for a sundae. People were coming in and out of this place and I really don't know why.
4	Hands down the most delicious place for ice cream!!! It's sooooooo good!!!! And that hot fudge, I have never tasted anything like it. I would go here every single day if I could. The only reason I will not give a full 5 stars is every single time I have gone here...the young girls who work there always have quite the attitude and act like you are putting them out by placing an order. Extremely unprofessional for such a great ice cream joint. Start hiring nicer, more polite employees!!!
2	Update ..... Uuhhhhgggg I hate to say it but it's not as good as the start ... I love Ice Cream and this used to be my favorite but not anymore... It taste like it was made weeks ago and sat.  When they were first open it was fresh and yum... I actually threw away the ice cream when I got home
5	Every time I went here, I spent at least 15 minutes holding up the line and getting in people's way just sampling ice cream and trying to decide which flavor(s) to get.  They have a good mix of our traditional favorite flavors and the wacky ones that sparks your curiosity.  Phoenix needs more ice cream shops like this one for people to escape the summer hell.
5	TO DIE FOR!Let me tell you something. I'm not an ice cream person. I couldn't care less about ice cream, frozen yogurt or anything sweet and cold BUT this place's totally worth a visit. The place was packed (it was a Saturday night) and that's a good sign right there. I mean packed, line getting out of the door kind of packed. It's so good! Seriously, absolutely delicious ice cream! I tried the lime basil sherbet and it was so refreshing! The coconut sherbet was also very good. But, ultimately, I'm faithful to chocolate mint so that's what I got.The girl behind the counter asked if I had tried their chocolate chip mint ice cream before because it was "different" than your usual minty ice cream. I said I had never been there before so she offered a sample and WOW, she was right but right in a very positive way! This is the best ice cream I've ever had- HANDS DOWN! Made with real mint, absolutely and amazingly tasty and refreshing.Remember I'm not an ice cream person but that ice cream was heavenly delicious.
5	Sweet and delicious. I'm not a big sweets eater but the ice cream at sweet republic is worth it. The waffle cones is the only way to go. Perfectly crispy and not too thick. I had the butter pecan which was tasty. I also tried the mint chip which was less sweet and still very tasty.
5	Blue cheese w/ honey is the best ice cream in the whole entire world (and I've had ice cream all over the world!)So stop whatever you are doing and go now!
5	Ok these people really do it right.  It's a long line on the weekends, but well worth it.  I can't say enough good things about the toasted marshmallow, but just get it!  Love the waffle bowls!  Unique flavors of ice cream!  The vegan chocolate was amazing!  Excellent quality!  Need one in Chandler!
5	Not coincidence they've been listed as among the 10 best nationwide!This place is terrific and flavors are definitely worth a try!Plus, they have a few board games that you can play while enjoying the ice cream
5	Hands down the best ice cream in the valley. I recommend the salted butter caramel and the fat elvis flavors. Prices are reasonable and the staff is quite helpful and very courteous as well.
5	Best in the city!!!!
2	To quote a song from the play Anne of Green Gables- "Ice cream is marvelous and mysterious. Ice cream can make you feel so delirious"  YES, it can and I have been an ice cream fanatic my whole life. Sweet Republic only rates two stars from me and I am scratching the head at some of these raves reviews. I was quite turned off by my first visit there earlier this year, and the same thing happened when I tried the 16th Street location. "Chacun a son gout" and all that but, every one knows ICE cream is mean to be served FROZEN.  One should be able to lick it without the whole dissolving into soup within 2 minutes. My advice to this place is stop trying to create the world's most esoteric flavor combos and for the love of Pete PLEASE. buy. a. better. freezer.I fully expected for the $4 dollar something single cone to start dripping when I got outside back into the desert heat, but not as it is handed to me over the counter. Won't be back.
5	best dessert in AZ!  Love the cantelope and coconut sorbet
5	Delicious!! Try the fat elvis and I love Bacon as a combo! I love Bacon is only available Friday-Sunday so plan ahead. Also tried the package of salted caramel pieces and they were pretty tasty :) Will be back!
4	Had the toffee banofi. It was great.  There are several other items on the menu I want to try, so I will be back next time I'm in town!
5	Homemade marshmallows are to die for!Great creamy ice cream with plenty of choices. Go for the s'more ice cream sundae. Cute spot with some board games too
5	BEST ice cream joint in town!  I love supporting small local businesses and this one comes with sugar on top!
5	Since my last review I've eliminated dairy from my diet..boo hoo. But no worries, they have at least 4 vegan options all the time! Coconut sorbet and chocolate sorbet are amazing!
5	Totally delicious! Who doesn't like ice cream, honestly? They have homemade marshmallows that are out of this world! Definitely try the campfire smores sundae! The environment is cool, they have board games for all their guest to play and it is next to an indoor cosmic mini golf place!! FUN!
5	My dad and I were taking a break from visiting the relatives when we stumbled upon this place. Now if there is one thing we are, it's ice lovers. I know. Everyone loves ice cream. But seriously, we take it to another level! If you are in Pheonix (and I mean anywhere near Pheonix) you best make that drive to Sweet Republic!  It's worth it! Our favorite flavors were the Carmel Apple (which tasted like a REALLY GOOD apple pie) and the Strawberry Sorbet (which rivaled the Gelato (similar kind of cold treat) in Italy). We would also suggest getting the waffle cone or the Sundaes. Everything about Sweet Republic is a great pick-me-up after the sometimes trying visits with relatives or for literally any reason.
5	This place has phenomenal ice cream and sorbet. We had the salted caramel butter and strawberry sorbet and they were awesome. The scoops are reasonable size..so do a two scoop to give you more options.
4	The ice cream was very good, but a bit spendy.  Of course, I did go for the sunday. Good portion size, good quality ice cream, and great toppings. The roasted marshmallow was a particularly big hit in our group, and the CSRs roasted it perfectly!
4	The ice cream is good! I like that they have interesting flavors and are usually delicious. Also, the ambiance is really fun! It's great to come with friends and hang out (if you can find a place to sit) and play some of the games they have sitting out.My one complaint is that the owners who are often behind the counter scooping or doing other things aren't very nice/friendly. They kind of seam mean and I don't like the vibe they give off. Also, it's pretty overpriced. If it was a little cheaper I'd definitely come more often but I usually skip it to save myself money and calories.
2	My expectations were high coming in due to the reviews but really was unimpressed with selection and taste. Ice cream was eh and cost was high. Would rather get Ben and Jerry's from the local mart.
