3	Abercrombie, Hollister, AE, oh my!That about sums up the crowd at BS West - at least on 2-4-1 (yep, two for one drinks all night!) Wednesdays - their busiest night.  I'm not a big fan of this place as the crowd is pretty young and obnoxious -- drawing in my least favorite crowds:  gay ASU guys and the Scottsdale/East Valley gays.Weekends are a bit more subdued, and might be a better time to check BS out, and on Thursdays and Sunday they do some karaoke.  Gays and karaoke?  Who would have thought.It can be a very fun time if you go with your friends.  There's a nice loungey room upstairs with couches and a pool table (which I'm sure is fun on other days when it's not so crowded).  The music is dance/top 40 with accompanying MTV videos on the big screens.  It gets very busy, and with the north patio doors flung open, it can get downright STEAMY (and not in a good way) in there.Since the renovation about a year ago they enlarged the dance floor, the unisex bathrooms are larger and much nicer and they added a south patio.  But it's still packed as ever as this is the only gay bar in Scottsdale, the closest gay bar to ASU and the closest one to Mesa.Second to Amsterdam I would consider this the most straight-friendly gay bar (aren't they all?) with several straight girls in the house each week.
4	It's the quintessential charming dive bar... sexy guys, cheap drinks, especially on 2-for-1 Wednesdays, and easy parking make for a fun combination when you're just not feeling like putting on the Armani. You will not stick out in flip flops and cargo shorts here. It's just fun and frat-party-esque for nights you're just not feelin' the bouzhy scene.
3	I wrote this in my blog on May 4 2007 - this is part 1, part 2 is in my review of Burn nightclub. Just to clarify, I'm not a gay hater or phobic or whatever in any way. This was written tongue-in-cheek. I've actually been to BS West quite a few times - my feelings about it are that it's kinda lame for a gay scene. I've seen better. It's a decent little bar though in its own right. Anyway - here's my blog as it appeared:~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~So last weekend was apparently 'Gay Weekend' - it was purely unintentional though.  Accidental gayness to be sure. I was hanging out on Friday with my straight lesbian friend (she insists she's straight and that her girlfriend is as well - either way it gives me 'the hot,' so I don't question it) trying to show her around the cool parts of town so she doesn't decide to move pack it up and move away.  She lives in the worst and most isolated ghetto in the valley.  After moving here from a much cooler city and state, she's ready to get the fuck out of here after less than a year.  I can't really blame her. Anyway - we were in downtown Scottsdale walking around and we had parked in a parking garage that was next to this tucked away gay bar called BS West.  I asked her if she wanted to go there since it was 'her people' and she did, so we did.  The first person we saw was a crossdresser (I'll get to that in a bit), and when we walked in - she made a beeline for the bathroom.  I followed and hung out near the door with my back facing the wall - trying to act casual while avoiding surprise anal rape attack. She 'came out' and we got ourselves a drink and found a quiet observer spot outside so we could spy on the gays in their natural habitat.  It was mostly dudes in this place - almost no lesbians.  The guys at this place ranged from nearly middle-aged guys in hawaiian shirts, shorts and sandals to skinny young emo pretty boys.  The drinks were pretty stiff, but the atmosphere was dead, so we headed out after one drink.  We accidently opened the door to a freezer or storage room instead of finding the exit... I think we were both concentrating on not getting surprise attack analy raped.  The rest of the night went on without incident.  At one point we were invited to this club called Burn in Phoenix by this girl who showed me where BS West was in the first place when I tagged along with her and the fags to her hag.  We respectfully declined, but made a mental note of the fact that we were 'missing out' on all the hot sexy single ladies.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~New content: With regard to the mention of that first visit to BS West - it was pretty amusing actually... this was ages ago... but the first time I had met with my friend's gay pals was this night - my first visit to BS West - and we got out of the car and started towards BS West. I thought we were headed to Loco Patron where I had previously had a horrible experience and I said "oh, fuck this - I'm not going here!" and got all viciously adamant about it.My friend's gay friends went through a spectrum of emotion ranging from confusion, curiosity, intolerance, and disgust. They thought I didn't want to go to BS West because it was a gay bar and that I was a horrible asshole. Once near the door and inside, I realized my mistake and spent the next half hour feeling like a shit heel and saying my sorries. I don't think I ever fully recovered from that first impression, but I'm friends with one of those guys now at least.
3	Wednesday nights fellas. And gals. And pals of fellas and gals. That's really the only night to go. If you want a sea of Ambercrombie & Fitched, ASU, faux-hawked boy toys. Wednesday night is jamming. More underage boys than a pool party at David Geffen's house. Other nights. Not so much. And those were the nights I found myself having a drink with friends after work. And it was cool. The owners are really stand up guys. Karaokee nights were prime, full of prima donnas with plenty of jokers like me to lighten the mood. BS always has great 2-4-1 nights, so look for them. But, hey, a gay bar in oldtown Scottsdale, still standing after all these years is pretty damn cool. A great way to diffuse the testosterone and silicone driven crowd that inhabits the other pubs and eateries. BS? What's it stand for? Hmm...must be Boys Shopping. Cheers!
3	A small bar, if you're used to them...like me from DC and San Antonio.  Believe me, the gay bars in San Antonio are small!  So, I wasn't like WTF...kinda like a "second home" if you will.For those of you who have read my reviews...know that I drink Long Island Tea and use that as a test if they do it well.  Well, I was disappointed.  I'm supposed to have a buzz before I even finish my first LIT.  After 2 LIT, no buzz.  Just give me water, honey.However, I didn't go there to get drunk.  Hung out with a couple of friends.  Checked out the guys that were eyeing us and of course, we were gossiping like the hens we are.  Checked out the dancers.  Am I getting old or are the dancers getting younger?  B-itch!   Maybe I should've had a third LIT.BTW, if you're a smoker and you've run out of cigarettes, just go to the bar and buy a pack.  I'm not sure if it applies to the entire state, but Phoenix and Scottsdale are smoke-free so you'll have to smoke outside.  BS has an enclosed patio for you to hang out.Decent little place.
4	They put on a pretty good Halloween party.  That's the only time I've been there. So that's what the 4 stars are for.But I just read they have karaoke. So I think I'll have to go kill it with my best "Pour Some Sugar On Me" and come back to this review.
3	A friend and I went here on a Wednesday night; apparently the night to go.  I was initially concerned about keeping up with all the beautiful people of Scottsdale.  First impressions, I found it to be a little difficult to find, -sort of behind the parking garage, down an alley.  Although I'd read there was no cover charge, in fact there was one, $3.  Once inside I found it to be a quaint bar, not too many places for a stand and pose, it had good flow and a small outside patio for the smokers.  It has an upstairs loft space which I found to be a bit of a dead space; maybe best served for hanging out with a group of friends if you are not interested in the mingle.  It was 2-4-1 drinks.  I was buying; my friend had a beer and I had a mixed drink.  I was handed two different colored poker chips, (yellow and red.)  I should have asked if there was a difference.  I found out later, after having to buy a another drink, one represented beer and another mixed drinks.  Probably a no-brain-er, but I was too busy trying to figure out what BS stood for.  The dance floor started to pick up.  They were playing dance videos on large screen televisions.  The music was not particularly hot, but it did get boys grooving.  It was a playfull, silly evening -just what I like when I'm going out; not taking it too seriously.  So I guess I found out about keeping up with the beautiful people of Scottsdale.
3	We went here after amateur night at the Comedy Spot (it's literally a block away). It was around midnight on a Saturday. Our cocktail server was extremely efficient and attentive; it was top-notch service, especially for a busy weekend night. The drinks were a little weak, but they were on the larger side and not too expensive. One of the people in our group complained that his double Patron shots were really small and he was right. For $18 or so a pop, those shots should have been more than generous singles. I loved the layout of the place, the variety of seating (high tables to stand around, high bars with stools, lower tables with chairs), and the clean bathrooms. The biggest disappointment of our short time there was not getting to sing karaoke, which was going at full blast when we arrived. My husband and I each put a song in as soon as we arrived, but after 45 minutes (when everyone in our group was tired and waiting to go home), we still hadn't gotten called. I don't like when KJs don't go out of their way to welcome new singers and to insert them into the existing rotation, especially since we heard the same people sing two times in the time we were waiting to sing once. On the upside, the song list was good, the singers were above-average, and I liked the little space they had for singers to stand (eat your heart out, Apollo's!). Since we live pretty far from here, I probably won't be back. I'd rather spend my karaoke budget at Kobalt or Apollos. That being said, if you live close by or happen to be in the area for something else, it's a pretty lively spot with great service and talented karaoke singers.
5	It does not get much better than this, fellas.BS West is hands down the best gay bar in Phoenix.Friendly bartenders, cheap drinks, good-looking crowd, great music..it's definitely got it all.Best night to check out is the obvious 2-4-1 Wednesday. Thursdays and Sundays can also be fun if you're into karaoke. Saturdays are a nice alternative if you don't really dig Forbidden or Amsterdam, it's a different crowd.It definitely has a "Cheers" feeling to it... not pretentious whatsoever. Great patios too, especially the back one with the new video screen they installed.Oh, and their Halloween bash is THE party to be at. 3,000 people attended in 2007.
4	I love BS West. But more as a novelty than anything else. I'm not sure if I would necessarily classify this place as "unpretentious." There is certainly some diva spiciness in the air here. But at the same time, it's friendly and fun. The crowd is consists solely of sexed up, well-groomed 20 somethings. And that one older skinny guy with platinum hair and the Bono earring. BS is really only busy on Wednesdays when they have their 2-for-1 drink special all night. Then, it's packed. Wall to wall. Unfortunately, the drinks aren't so great. You really have to know the bartenders for them to make you a good one, with so many free drinks flying around (and people not tipping when they get them,) they slack. You might be better off opting for beer. For us smokers, the proximity of the patio to the bar and dancefloor is nice. In other words, you don't have to isolate yourself to have a smoke. It's all one big churning pot of hair product and muscle, baby. This the place to people watch; ridiculousness abounds without fail. But the best thing about this place is undeniably its dancefloor. There are giant video screens in sync with what's playing (and no ADD DJ mixes). One of the best gay bars in Phoenix to dance at for sure. Nothing tired and stereotypical, just good booty music. Sometimes you need to get toasted and have a little Beyonce in your life. This is the place to do that.
4	This place was the beginning of the end for me.  For those of you who know me, know what this means.  Otherwise, ignore that last comment.  I came here on a Wednesday night and the 2 for 1 deals totally killed me.  Not only were the drinks reasonably priced but they were reasonably poured.  Everything i had was in a pint glass.  How often do you get greyhounds in a a pint glass?  Needless to say after 3 drinks i was partying it up on the dance floor.  I love me some dance music!! They played Untouched by The Veronicas.  That song is all i need to make any night complete at a club.  There was also quite a bit of eye candy, even if my friend said all the uglies were out that night.  I really can't complain about this place, but this night turned out to be super awesome and memorable!
4	Was in town and decided to check this out - ended up have a blast.  2 for 1 drinks on a Saturday night is pretty dangerous - in a good way.
5	Best gay bar in Scottsdale! A Wednesday and saturday night staple with their 2-4-1!
4	This bar has been part of the valley gay scene for so long... from what i've heard it's been around here for more than twenty years, another landmark but what impresses most is not solely its longevity in Phoenix but that its been in Old Town Scottsdale all this time away from what people call gay Phoenix in downtown. My first introduction to BS West was a long time ago... well long to me... back in 2005. I had been to Charlie's, and at one time there was Crowbar which is now Club Downtown. Also had been to Boom! But never heard of BS West until someone mentioned on facebook group of a gay club hidden behind Acme in Old Town. They described it as the gay club down the alley that it was hidden that anyone could easily miss it. So I went with two friends and based on pure curiousty, walked down the alley next to Acme and saw a door (pre-patio days) with a sign above it that said BS West. It was a Sat. and it wasn't too crowded but we were in awe... it was true there was an actual gay bar near Tempe. And that's how I was introduced to the 2-4-1 drink specials and the BS West chips. This video bar of which I think is its only kind in Phoenix and really haven't found any other video bars in other gay havens is such a nifty idea. I mean, haven't you ever been in a club and just didn't want to dance but the song is so good, that you gotta do something? well the video bar concept is awesome in that you can drink and watch the music video and kinda dance along... LOVE IT! You can never beat the drink specials here on Wed. which has always been 2-4-1 and Sat nights too. Both nights are crazy packed... that I'm sure it's against fire code but there's no restrictions... just a mass of gay men, and all kinds too, intermingle some queer peers too and it's just a great environment! Strong drinks too. But what I love apart from the drink specials are the poker chips which you can use as currency in the future. Certain colors mean certain drinks like cocktails, shots and the like. The Dj usually plays a good mix but depends who's there and if there having an off night but if you want a good time, strong drinks, and just a packed atmosphere... check out BS West or BS!
3	I'm sure that going out on the day after Christmas and not staying that late are against my favor, but still I was a little underwhelmed at the quality of the bar experience in what otherwise is a pretty high-end area.  Felt like a small town boxy small bar without any fancy features.  I'm sure it would be fun if I lived here but from a one-time view it just seems to fill a purpose.  And the bathrooms: one of the most disturbing features I have seen in a while--urinal room has its own lock FROM THE INSIDE....I can only guess what that implies.  Other bathrooms outside in case someone wants to lock themselves in.
5	This place is AWESOME.  I am personally not gay but have good friends who are and we always have a good time here.  The drinks are cheap and strong and the bartenders/staff are always so welcoming and nice.  If you wanna go dancing-this place has a great little area with awesome DJ's playing the best of the top 20's and more.I've been going here with my friends for the past 2 years or so and always have a great time.
3	I had a total freak-out moment at BS. My best friend is gay and so I find myself here on a somewhat regular basis. The last time I went I think I was having an existential crisis. I had just died my hair red and my reflection in all the damn mirrors inside BS was freaking my drunk self out. I bailed on my friends and ended up in a cab that cost double the normal price from Old Town to my house. Not a good night.  If you're a straight girl, BS will either bring a little bit of the bi-curious out in you or you will find yourself saddened by the fact that the incredible hot go-go dancer would rather be touched by your gay friend than you.   This place gets packed and sometimes, when it gets all hot, sweaty and crowded I get panicky like I need a good slap in the face to calm down. Seriously, don't wear your good shoes. Someone will spill a drink on them right before they step on you.   In all seriousness, they have two for one drink chips, fun music, and hot male go-go dancers in their underwear - what's not to love about that? It's also the only place in Scottsdale where I've played spin the bottle since high school. They have this weird little make-out/VIP room upstairs. Just make sure to pee before you go. The bathroom situation is a nightmare.
5	Love this place!! It's by far my favorite bar in the Phoenix area.The drinks are always cheap- especially if you come on a Wednesday or Saturday when everything is 2-4-1.They always play great music, and show the music videos on the wall as your favorite songs are playing.Even my straight girl friends agree that this is the most fun bar in town!
4	I just walked in the door from BS West, and I thought I had reviewed it, but I hadn't, so here it is. I love BS West. Granted, it's my second gay club experience (second to Forbidden, which is kind of like a joke now), but I have always have a great time. I've only frequented on Wed., Thurs., and Sat., which are pretty popular nights, especially with the 2for1 drinks. Like others have mentioned, the drinks are strong and the bartenders are really nice. I usually copy what my friends get to drink since I'm not yet an avid alcoholic, so when I asked one of the bartenders upstairs what he recommended, he steered me in the right direction to Tokyo Teas which I absolutely adore. The DJ on Thurs. is typically this "older" gent who plays weird remixes, but tonight the DJ was younger and pretty crackin'. I honestly really just enjoy seeing people of all types, straight/bi/gay, black/white, "insert more MJ lyrics here", out having a good time. It gets hot as hell inside and a little crowded on the dance floor, but BSW rox my sox
4	Now, you must understand that I just moved from Chicago where we have our very own gay sections of the city called Boystown and Andersonville.  I miss the land of widely accepted homosexuality that I traded for the desert.  Keep in mind, I am no gay man, but a gay woman that actually gets along with the boys.  I first ventured to BS West for a massive birthday party and just in time to catch their drag show on a Friday or Saturday night.  From the outside it looks huge, but once you get inside don't be afraid of a little body rubbing.  The queens put on a great show and afterwards they had some heavenly looking man meat for go-go dancers take the floor in tight banana huggers. (Was that graphic enough?)There are random TV screens strewn about upstairs and downstairs with a video going along with the music, typical.  I could say that the music selection was a little drab.  I like just a little more house and a little less Top 40 hip/hop remix.  The bartenders are quick to get your order.  The drinks aren't the strongest, but the price won't break your wallet.  That's always nice.I have returned on 2 other occassions after discovering there are no lesbian bars in this great city.  Well, let me say lesbian bars with lesbians that don't look like your brother.  So, I will continue to have a fabulous time with my gay men at BS West and stare at the pretty straight girls who aren't afraid to dance with a straight looking gay lady.
4	My firends in Phoenix brought me out to BS West on Saturday night. Well its buy 1 get 1 and they give you a chip for whatever you buy. I thought that would mean the drinks would be crappy but they were really good and strong. The same strippers were there and the music was good. Its a small club but I had a really good time. There is a parking garage right beside it which is super convenient. I couldn't drive home and the rental was fine there overnight.
4	Yes, I am the duke of BS west (at the time of writing).No, I do not currently live in Scottsdale (or Arizona for that matter).Yes, I think this place is a solid 4-stars!Let me explain what's amazing about this place in reference to the bars in San Francisco: 1. 2 for 1 drinks Wednesday and Saturdays ALL NIGHT. Yea, shut the loose hole! This is an amazing deal! Our happy hour specials are 2-4-1 until 8 or 9, if we're lucky! 2. You know all the boys will either be here or only 2 other places on any given night. I actually think it sucks wet pussy to have to navigate 10-20 bars just to find fresh meat. (not that I ever do... but it's the principle of the thing).3. Service is actually amazing! Drinks come to you! The bar tenders make 'em strong (especially the gal towards the smoking patio). 4. 2 smoking patios?! NOICE. Many bars in SF require you to go outside!.. it just becomes a pain.5. They accept card. In the event you didn't know this, many places in SF don't.... You may be a local and hate this place for what it is, but for someone who spends extended amount of time in the area every so often, I find it a great place to be near fagily (fag family).
1	Where to begin... hmmm how about a gay bar in a shopping center?  What the hell is wrong with Scottsdale??? The entire experience with BS West was.. well BS.  I think the easiest way to explain my frustration is just bullet points, otherwise I'll get carried away... *Parking - A freaking mess. *Staff - Rude as crap. *Capacity - I understand wanting to make money off the cover.. but having wayyyy too many people inside there is not fun, and also just not safe, they HAD to be over capacity the night I went. *Customers - ugh. Suburban Hell.  It was cute annoying little twinks, their very annoying str8 girlfriends, and some awkward housewives who stumbled in on the way home from Applebees. All in all, I guess this would be an ideal club for someone who's... 18-22.  A twink would love this place, but I've apparently passed over that point in life.. I like my gay bars alittle grittier, the biggest issue was the shopping mall feel for me.
3	my friend who was randomly in phx for a business trip called me up to go for drinks after work. he suggests this place because they had an awesome 2-for-1 special. i'm never one to turn down a good drink deal so i said "why not?". let me tell you, the drinks are STRONG. definitely worth it. its a little hard to find though. we were walking all over e. 5th and could not find the place. we had to call and get directions only to find that it was hidden in this little nook behind this plaza. we didn't stay very long but really 1 drink was enough. =)
5	Best gay  bar in phoenix!! (well scottsdale), good music, cheap drinks best drag show on friday nights called Elements see you there!
4	When I was living in AZ I went to BS West maybe a handful of times. Now when I come back to visit I pretty much go there anytime I'm in Scottsdale! I've only been here on Fridays & Saturdays (I hear Wednesday karaoke is supposed to be fun though) and I've never been disappointed. Most of the time when I come here its at the end of the night when I'm already a little bit tipsy anyway, which might be part of the reason I love it so much, but BS West has the funnest crowd in Scottsdale! I don't know if it's coincidence, but I noticed the past few time I've been here the place seems to be more crowded (the last Saturday I was here they were actually charging a $3 cover, which I normally HATE, but I didn't mind it here), which makes it all the more fun! The place itself is kind of divey, but I like the layout. There's a small patio when you first walk in and one that's slightly larger in the back. There's a dance area as well as the required dance area stripper poles (which are always occupied...often times by beautiful people who I'm assuming are paid to "hang out" on them...but sometimes by ummm...amateurs).  The DJ usually plays good music and they're always showing the usual gay bar music videos (some are fun/campy...some I can do without).   The bartenders are awesome as well! They're friendly, move fast, and use a pretty heavy pour. When I'm in Scottsdale I always come to BS West!
5	I don't think I have ever had a bad experience at BS West and if I did I can't remember it ;)  The best days are Wednesday and Saturday where the drinks are 2 4 1.  And these aren't weak drinks either.  There are 5 main places to go in the club.  First, the patio by the entrance.  This area is usually populated by smokers and others trying to enjoy the cool AZ weather and presumably keep tabs on who is coming in and out of the place.  Second, the area around the main downstairs bar.  You got some go-go boys and their admirers.  A lot of lurkers or non-dancers in this crowd.  Third, the outdoor patio.  More smokers here and usually this crowd is a bit less attractive.  Not sure why that is though.  Fourth, the dance floor.  Watch out for the creepy old guy who comes here and Amsterdam to dance his ancient heart out.  The music is pounding and almost always very good.  Fifth, the upstairs.  There's a VIP room up here, but is usually never used for that purpose.  The cheap stiff drinks, the variety of locations, and the quality men and music make BS West one of the best Phoenix has to offer.
2	Way too many breeder bitches clogging the place up on Saturday nights all dressed up like bimbos. More vaginas than hot men dancing shirtless. It's turning into a straight bar. I stand a better chance of finding a C**k to suck at Dos Gringos.
4	With 2-4-1's on Wed and Sat., music is a blend of old school dance hits with current pop remixes. The videos are quickly becoming my favorite. The go go dancers take up more space than necessary but they're nice to look at. The staff is super cute but don't expect them to remember who you are or what you ordered. Be careful with the eye contact, boys, because this place turns into a real meat market. Guys don't know their boundaries so it's a great place to hook up or show off your hot boyfriend. After last night's experience I have a few suggestions for BS- forget the expanded front patio or if they're going to keep it big then invest in port-a-potties, and hire another patio server. At 11:30 I felt claustrophobic and it only got worse from there. Straight, drunk chicks, who think we're remotely interested in what they have to offer, should check out Dos Gringo's next door. It's a gay bar honey, I don't care how nice your chi chi's are. It's not that I miss the exclusivity of Old Town's BS West but I miss chatting with friends without people bumping into you, being able to go pee, and wanting to dance. Maybe it was just the wacky 'Heaven & Hell Mardis Gras' themed night (I was confused too) but this has slowly become a common occurrence with this bar and it's rather depressing. The crowd is constantly evolving due to nearby ASU but it's not always a good thing. Change is inevitable but BS should check themselves before they wreck themselves (I couldn't think of any other way to state that).
3	Friday, a guy at Amsterdam suggested to my co worker who was visiting to go to BS West on Saturday night and that it was the place to be.  We got lost in Old Town and had to ask where the heck this place was!  It's in the same area of Dos Gringos and Acme, actually it's kinda right behind Acme.Acme had about a handful of people (it was already 11!), however, you could hear people talking and laughing and there we found the crowds of people in this hidden building, drinking and dancing.$3 cover.  We had to wait about 20 minutes to get a drink.  Floor was sticky.  They did have go go boy dancers,and for me, I am totally happy with!  I think everyone was there because it was 2-4-1...when we were getting ready to leave..I ran into my best friend's brother who is straight as can be there with his friends (male and female), just drinking away..so definitely if you want cheap drinks in Scottsdale, I would advise to go early.
4	Good Ol' BS West!!! Mike Fornelli and staff know how to throw a great party everytime I am there!
1	WARNING! RIPPED OFF! (Read the review below then my edit at the end.)The first time I went to BS West I had a blast! I'm a straight person but I loved a club that expressed an open mind and individuality so I invited friends to join me the next time I went. I've only been there Saturday nights, when the club has a $3 cover and 2 for 1 drinks, those are smoking deals and I've never had a problem til tonight. The bartenders tend to be the same in each area. I find the ones upstairs to be a lot more friendly. I had gotten my drinks and tokens up stairs but getting a drink downstairs was another issue. THIS REVIEW IS FOR THOSE WHO PLAN ON GETTING DRINKS AT THE CLUB: I asked for a long island (comes in a regular plastic cup) the bartender downstairs asked if I wanted to leave a tab open or just pay for the drink, I decided on the latter. He passed me the bill...it was $19....FOR 1 DRINK (ON A 2/4/1 NIGHT!) WTF. I had a feeling they tend to take advantage of the patrons later on seeing as most are probably to drunk to realize what they just paid for. I'm one of those people who just don't argue it (karma is a...well you know) and in turn I will just never return (or at least drink at another bar before coming here) This is really disappointing. :(I won't advise anyone from not going here, everyone but the bartenders downstairs have been so friendly and not trying to rip you off, but if I had to give any advice...pregame before...it's not worth it.--So later I realized that not only was it Saturday's 2/4/1 night (that apparently you pay $19 for 1 drink for) but it's also a $3 cover to get in. I paid for two of my friends to get in also ($9 total) I handed the big lady at entrance a $20 bill (she's been there taking the cash both times I've went so it's not like she's new to this) She in turn hands me $5 in change. (It should have been $11, even if she thought I handed her a $10 bill it was obvious she knew she was ripping me off, unfortunately I didn't realize it until later).THIS IS A WARNING FOR THOSE WHO HAVEN'T BEEN THERE BEFORE. THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY IF YOU'RE NOT CAREFUL. I guess just thinking this place was full of awesome people and trusting them to be welcoming is not enough. I will be writing a letter to them, even though nothing can be done, it's just EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING. :(
1	BS West has not changed. It is still an overpriced, unfriendly, cliquish place where anyone who does not frequent the place will be stared at and commented about by loud drunks in the dark corners. This is the kind of place which reinforces negative gay stereotypes and gives straight people the feeling they are at a zoo, observing gay people in their natural habitat. The best part about going here is leaving and not looking back.
4	Well, what's not to love about a Wednesday night at a packed gay club? Great music, and drinks, but a word to the wise...when they say the drink special is buy one get one free, they mean buy this round and we'll give you chips for the second round, not order 4 and we'll charge you for 2.I would like to see a better dance floor there too, I kinda felt like I was dancing in the walkway, too close to the bar, or generally in peoples' way.If you want a sweaty, loud, eye-raped by the same sex kind of a party, then BS west is your place!
3	Finally got a chance to check this place out last night. We went early because we didn't want to deal with the massive amount of people that usually show up on a Saturday night. It's pretty small so I can see why it fills up so quickly. They have an upstairs area and a patio as well though. Our drinks were decently priced, but the bartender wasn't that friendly at all. It was kind of a bummer.I will be back, because I have heard that other bartenders are more friendly and on busy nights it's a lot of fun.
4	I went this past Saturday with two of my girl friends. I just relocated to the Greater Phoenix area the end of March. I had been dying to go to a gay club because I left my gay male friends back in the Midwest. And I miss being in touch with the gay community. Heh, yes..I'm a fag hag and proud of it! Anyway, we got there around 10 and the place wasn't warmed up yet. But after an hr or so the place got packed! $5 cover and 2-4-1 drinks. They pour stiff drinks in the taller glasses. I had my fill and I was in da club gettin' tipsy! I danced with all kinds of nice gays, shared a drink or two, and even made some new friends! They had go-go dancers which were easy on the eyes. My friends and I sat outside for a bit and were waited on by a very friendly server. There was even a cute twink that would come around with jello shots..the music videos were a nice touch. They had a great line-up of music..I was very excited about it! Of course, this was my first gay bar in Arizona, but I had a wonderful time!
4	First time there was great. I danced til my feet went numb and drank til I forgot where I was. It was great. Bachelorette parties should always hit this place up for good, strong, cheap drinks, and nonstop dancing (with gorgeous men nonetheless). I've been there quite a few times since my first time, went there last Friday night, and I'm going back this Saturday. Thursdays and Saturdays are club nights. Friday night was a drag show and it was a blast. My husband tagged along and really enjoyed the strong drinks and impersonators. The only downfall to this place is the size. I wish it was bigger. There's a lot of shuffling to get around.
4	I gotta tell you - for a bachelorette party, this is THE place to go.  My bf's bachelorette party was held here after dinner and, at first, I was a little bit worried I'd experience the same crap as Axis/Radius for my last friend's bachelorette party (I was hard of hearing for the next full day and the crowd was so lame, I just wanted to sit on the side and count how many girls looked like 'ladies of the night') but to my pleasant surprise, this place totally impressed me!  Here is why:Disclaimer: I am a happily married straight gal, LOVE to dance techno1- the crowd was 80% gay men, which was perfect since it meant I wasn't going to get dumb guys trying to hit on me (hello! don't you see my shiny ring AND the fact that I'm NOT dressed like a 'lady of the night' trying to get your attention) or trying to literally pull me away from my friends to dance (freak) with them.2- the gals that were there were gay/tran/etc and not the prostitute-looking, dumb 'barely dressed' broads (as typical of lots of Scottsdale clubs) you have to deal with that take up room on the dance floor and aren't even dancing (they're just standing there trying to look hot).3- the bartender dudes were awesome - friendly, generous with the many shots we bought and I NEVER had to 'wait' for the bartender or try to get his attention - they were very attentive and actually friendly!  ALSO, their drinks were strong! not watered down.4- the atmosphere is fun - the place is a bit dark and dive-y looking inside (and out), but once you get the music going and the crowd thickens up, it is fun!  Also, a major thing to me - the music was perfectly amplified such that my ears were not ringing even though I was on the dance floor all night.  Also the club patrons were not like the A/R patrons.. friendlier, fun to dance with, cuter boys!  Also, since it was a bachelorette party, a lot of the gay men there were kind enough to buy the bride plenty of drinks and even take her out for plenty of dancing.5- the owner came by and offered our bride-to-be an oh-so-sexy dance with 2 of the better looking go-go dancer dudes (I thought that was cool of the owner to set up).I don't even club but I'd say that if I am ever invited to go clubbing again in Scottsdale, I am all for visiting this gay club! The only down sides: The bathroom line was rediculously long.. outdoor 'patio' is kinda slummy.
4	I really like this place. It's always a fun time when we go out here. Since I first went there way back when, it was tiny and cramped, but since then, they're redone their layout, such as their bathroom and dance floor area. Also, they're extended their patio areas which is fantastic. Love the fact that they have yummy 2-4-1 drinks with the use of their poker chips. I have a few saved so when I need a night out and can't afford it, I use my chips! :) I love the music; they have a DJ and they play music videos that are always fun to dance to and watch as well as the cute go-go dancers lol.
5	Great place! Supports it own community.
5	Ummm...so I have to bump this place up to 5 stars. I was here 3 times in a 24-hr period last time I was in AZ (Friday night, Saturday afternoon, Saturday night). So yeah...
3	So I use to be a fan of this place, but last night's experience kinda ruined some of my love for this place. They still had their 2 for 1 drink chips and their go-go dancers. There was line, as usual, but I found it slow moving. And no, it's not cause there was a swarm of people filling the inside to capacity. I actually don't know why it was slow moving cause it was pretty empty for a Saturday night inside. I mean, yes, there were people out on the patios, but not that many where if they all were forced inside, would fill the place to capacity. The DJ last night I found was kind of lacking; I wanted to dance but the songs weren't really anything worth dancing to, but I do like the fact that they always take request, which leads me to another gripe. They changed their layout which is not really all that great. Now, I don't know if that was just for the night, but if it's not, well it's horrible. Yes, there's room and flow towards the bar but placing a dancer's platform right in front of the DJ, who takes requests, is so stupid. STUPID! I can't say it enough, considering they won't let people up there! I get not letting people go up there to dance, but not letting people up there to talk to the DJ is stupid. I'm short so I'm SOL in general in trying to talk to the DJ but my friend is taller and would be able to talk to the DJ, if the stage weren't there. And it's not like there was a dancer currently on there.Place is still a good place to go out to and drink since they have 2 for 1's but I think it'll take more than that if I'm going to spend the whole night there. I think I'm better off stopping here first for drinks and then move on.
4	Not bad for the first gay club i've been to out here in the desert. If you're a lady, the queens take care of you here. Didn't seem to have to wait in line for the bathroom nor really wait for a drink at the bar no matter how crowded it was that night. It seems the cocktail servers walk around with tin buckets of jello shots, manties showcasing the BS West logo & cute hair. Drink chips @ the bar, non-"Scottsdale drink pricing" which was a ++. As soon as this spot hit max. capacity, we still managed to etch our own spot on the dance floor. Techno music maybe? Not my type of music but with the chill goers here i still managed to get my Roxbury on. Siiike, but it was fun though.
2	This place has a serious identity crisis. "Gay" is not a sufficient theme for a nightclub. Everything inside was really haphazard. There was no rhyme or reason to the layout or decor. Four go-go dancers crowded one stage and only one of them received tips. There are two level and an outdoor area yet the dancers grouped in one area. It's not that big of a deal, though. They should get rid of the dancers altogether and hire hot dudes to work the bar. Dancers at gay clubs are just...well, it's been done. A lot. And a lot better. By worse bars. Additionally, they let in bridal shower parties and then announced them over the PA. Um, I'm married to another man but it's not legal in this state but a gay bar is going to celebrate some annoying drunk girl and her friends? Sorry, but I'm from Chicago and bridal parties should be banned from gay clubs until we have full marriage equality. And finally, the drinks were extremely weak. I doubt I will ever go back to this place.
4	The host was delightful, the talent was solid and the crowd was enthusiastic and full of friendly regulars. Drinks $5 (tall) and phenomenal service!
4	First and foremost, I am writing this review as a straight guy who is very LGBT friendly (don't read that as I'm LGBT curious, I simply don't care what your sexual preference is). And in reality, a lot of straight people go to gay bars these days - it's 2013 people!With that said, I've gone here both with my LGBT friends as well as my girlfriend. I've also always gone on Wednesdays, which have great drink specials. BSW is a great place to dance and if it so interest you, to check out the muscle-ridden underwear-only go-go dancers.Drinks are strong. In fact, the very first time I went here within 15 seconds of getting in the gate... one dude puked on another dudes shoe. Neither seemed to care - something of which if that happened in a straight club, you would have got your ass whooped, then thebouncers would have thrown you over the fence. I turned to my gay friend and said, "you guys sure are wild party animals."On Wednesday you buy a drink and they give you chips to spend on drinks later. Gay bars are known for having strong drinks and this place is no different. Any other place in Scottsdale is going to pour you watered down drinks - I know, because I go there too. So needless to say, you get your money's worth here, I feel, on Wednesday.Parking is mainly in the parking garage, which is pretty plentiful. But if you go later in the night, that garage may be full. But hey, this is better parking than 80% of Oldtown Scottsdale. So get there early, or better yet, cab it there and cab it home.The last time I was there with my girlfriend and her friends. It was good fun until the end when someone lifted her purse. The friend got a little crazy and upset and blamed us. It is unfortunate that this happened, but I can't nessisarily blame the bar for this act. I did contact BSW the next day and they were helpful.
2	Decent place, but the drinks are too expensive unless its a buy 1 get 1 night.
5	When in Phoenix, this is a place that I love to go.  Friendly bartenders, friendly people, nice atmosphere.
1	I was thoroughly disappointed with this place. For starters, the night we went (about 2 months ago) there was a $12 cover per person and there wasn't even any live music or entertainment. I still don't know what the cover was for... The bar was filthy and totally outdated, the staff were not friendly and the overall vibe was blah. We arrived and ordered a round of drinks. As we were sitting outside on the patio, one of the bar staff came up to our table to clear our empty drinks and mistakenly took a drink that was half full. I said something to him and about 5 minutes later the "bar manager" came out and asked us all to leave. We were upset and confused. Once we were outside she told us that she thought we were on "high on drugs" (which we weren't) and said we are not welcome back for the night. I called the next day and left a message for the owner and never got a call back to this day. Highly, highly embarrassed and disappointed. We went back about two weeks ago and decided to give it another shot and we still were not impressed at all. I would absolutely NOT recommend going here. Save your money or go to one of the other 65 bars in the area. That's my story...
5	Even though I love it here they should keep the people who know about the place to answer the phones and answer the questions without getting no one in trouble, if not stay off the fucking phones.
1	I felt that I would share with others my experience. Bs West has been the hot spot for quite the years . They are well known and they get quite packed ! The drinks are amazing and not bad priced. You must be thinking wow this place sounds good ? Well it's not let me share the horrible experiences I've had . The staff are the rudest staff anyone could encounter ! The first bad encounter was on my birthday where we went in a limo and paid the cover to get in . We were in the bar for about 10 minutes till one of the staff members kick my group out because they said we were rude on out way in ! Really ? The second time was the last for me ! I ordered A drink on the outside patio from the cocktail waiter . When he came back he had all of my friends and my drinks . While we were getting the money to pay him he riped the drinks from our hands and said you have cash ready or no drink ! I told him that he was rude and we were getting the cash as my friend was holding the money in his hand . He said you wanna see rude I'll show you how rude I can be when your out of here ! I advised the cocktail waiter he can have his drinks and we were leaving ! Me and my friends will never return and will spread the word on the staff bring rude ! With out customers you don't have a bar ! If your staff feels they are so power happy to kick people out no one will go back. Please be ware everyone !
3	Wednesday's nights fun with the 2-4-1 all night, But sometimes get crowded and too many overweight people push everybody around and also many people have in their luggage on the dance floor meaning that the purses I like pieces of luggage it's ridiculous to bring dancing.
4	Two-for-one tonight not busy yet but it will be later tonight.Not bust yet, but will be soonFun and great drinks 2-4-1 and the beats are great for  Dancing.Always a good time here now that it's getting cooler out less people outside Morestay in the bar, they used to have  4 go-go dancers now we're down to two I hope they come back.
5	I have absolutely no problem hanging out here. Service is great and people are always friendly. Sometimes the cackling bachelorette party girls or over the top hipsters annoy me, but I let it slide to enjoy a mostly chill neighborhood bar.
3	Good drinks, sometimes not so good service, but oh well.
3	One of my best friends is gay so I've been to many a gay bar and club in New York, San Francisco, LA, San Diego, etc. I always enjoy my experiences because I personally find the music to be incredibly fun, the drinks strong, and the atmosphere to be more relaxed.This was my first time at a Phoenix gay bar so I was excited to see what it was like. It's located in a strip mall in Old Town, which was a little surprising. I paid $5 cover and $6 for 2-4-1 Vodka Cranberries. You buy one drink and then you get a token to use later on that night. The drinks were strong and cheap - my favorite combo.Overall, a lot of fun dance music and some hip hop, three go go dancers, and a small-medium dance floor and a "patio" outside. It was a fun time and I would likely return.There was only one issue:BEWARE!I didn't find out about this until after we had left, but my friend charged the drink ($6) she bought on her credit card. She was told there was a $2 service charge. When she got home, she saw that she had been charged a total of $10. Since she said she did not tip - which I personally do not agree with - she didn't understand where the extra $2 charge came from. Now, I personally always tip when I buy drinks, even when it's 2-4-1 night and the second drink is technically free - I still tip on both drinks. However, I still don't think it was right for the bartender to tip himself, because that is technically committing fraud. Incredibly wrong and illegal. I am so glad I did not use my credit card and I would NEVER use my card here after that incident.
3	Cool place to dance and get your drink on. Like the two levels and plenty af lounging upstairs for conversation. Only down side is that it sits in an alley not easy to find unless you kmow the area well...bad location.
4	SO much fun! I went here last weekend and had a total blast. The staff and crowd are beyond friendly. If you're looking for cheap well made drinks, and a great environment check it out! There is a cover, which doubled as a drink voucher so no big deal. The Drag show on Friday's rocks!! Worth stopping by.
5	In response to Heather N.   Your friend probably did not close her tab at the end of the night.  When you start a tab with us you sign a receipt saying if you leave without signing your tab we are able to close it, it also states that when we close it a 25% gratuity is added automatically.  None of the bartenders ever tip themselves.  We would get in a lot of trouble if we did that and two dollars isn't worth our job.  Glad you had fun!  See you soon!
1	I will never come here again! The DJ sucked! All he played were songs on the radio and highly out dated hip hop songs, also kept playing really sad/dark almost scary techno music. And the establishment alongside the staff was horrendous! Worst gay club I've ever been to!
4	Update: So I've been informed that there's a 25% gratuity fee if you don't close out your tab. I'm guessing the policy must've been printed on my friend's receipt. Since that was pretty much my only complaint, I'll bump up my review to a cool 4 stars.
4	Great gay bar! Just beware that if you pay with card you will get charged $2 more than if you pay with cash$$$
