4	As you may or may not have read in my profile, this was the venue where I attended my first concert. It was Tiffany - I was about eight years old, the opening act was a magician (oh, you heard me), and I spent the entire last half of the show crying in the bathroom because it was too loud.since then, i've seen such awesome shows there as Modest Mouse, Fugazi, The Violent Femmes, and the Warped Tour. It has seating, but I've never attended a show where it was assigned or ticketed seating - more like grab a seat i fyou want or go down to the stage and stand. did i mention the stage spins? pretty rad, so you never have a bad angle, and i remember for the modest mouse show being blown away by the fact that they had two drummers with full drum sets and watching them rock out close up for the first time really ever. the bar area and bathroom (where i hid out from the teenage screams of "I Think We're Alone Now" is in this downstairs basement type area. all in all i like going there for more well-known bands that aren't huge. it's the perfect size to feel like you're still at a show, and not a mile away watching the action on a screen.
4	Great place to see a show . . .Aside from the spinning stage, which is obviously pretty rad, Celeb Theater makes my favorites list because of the acts it manages to bring to town. For being a relatively small place, they pull their weight and then some. I am still riding high after seeing Muse here a few months ago. I went with two friends and since the whole venue is open seating we walked in and wandered around looking for seats. This was a struggle, since my friends were 6'6" and 6'8", respectively, making me the short one at 6'3". By a miraculous stroke of luck we ran into some good friends that were saving some space in the 3rd row and they let us slide in. The people behind us weren't all that excited, but we shimmied into the aisle a bit so as to not be such an obstruction. Long story short: keep abreast of shows at Celebrity Theater. Good acts come around, and you will want to be there to see them first hand at a place like this.
4	Celebrity brings some pretty diverse acts into Phoenix.  I often hear about acts only after I've missed them because these aren't folks who are being promoted to the gills by their record companies.  You might have a week filled with Lyle Lovett, a mariachi festival, Cyndi Lauper and D.L. Hugely.  Jazz, funk, Tejano, R&B, Gospel, Punk, Classic Rock and comedy.  You name it - it plays it.  This is one of those places where it's actually true that there isn't a bad seat in the house.  BUT - it's important to know that some shows will not play in the round, and some will actually use a backdrop.  I've even been to a show where they roped off part of the seating so we could only sit in one area.  I've only been to a few shows here that were open seating - most of them have been reserved.  Though a few of those were only assigned by price - inner level one price, outer level was another price.  This is an older theater and seats are kinda tight - but it's not too bad.  Just plan to get cozy with your neighbor.  The other cool thing about the place is that there is a little bar/nightclub feeling in the area outside the lobby area.  Full bars, often some good music playing.  Folks often getting a bit more social.  Final note - you  know how when you see a comedian you shouldn't sit in the front row?  Well, we Celebrity you shouldn't sit in the first 5 rows.  You are RIGHT THERE and they can see you far too clearly.
4	I saw Heart here with my wife on 7/26/07.   It was our first concert here -- and we had a blast.  Even pushing 60, Heart puts on a great show.  The 'theater in the round' concept made it all the more awesome.  There are a few things I wish somebody had told me ahead of time, so I'm going to share them with you now:Money:Plan on having cash on hand for parking, concessions, etc.  Tickets can be picked up / purchased from the box office with a credit card.Parking:Parking at the theater is $5.  Cash.  Get there an hour ahead of time to get a good spot.  Pull through in the parking spot so that you can put your car in 'drive' when exiting the spot.  Choose a spot that is well lit if you're going to an evening event -- you're not in the greatest part of Phoenix.Food:I'm not sure if it's entirely obvious from the 'show nearby businesses' in Yelp, but there are NO RESTURANTS nearby.  When you get down there, it will be fairly obvious why -- you're in an industrial part of town.  Plan on eating ahead of time, or bringing your dinner with you.  Gear:The theater doesn't let you bring backpacks in, but will let you bring a purse in.  (I personally think it's a double standard).  I was a little disappointed that I had to pack my backpack in the trunk -- I would have left it at home.  Seating:I'm a big guy -- about 6'4" -- and the seating IS NOT FRIENDLY TO LARGE PEOPLE.  At all.  Seriously.   I literally could not fit into my seat -- my legs would not fit.  Luckily I talked with an usher, who directed me to a red-shirted supervisor, who made a spot for my wife and I in the handicapped section.  The people who made this accommodation for me were very friendly about it.  I was told that in the future, I should actually instruct the box office to give me tickets in this section, or in the front row of the rear section (there is only a bar in this row -- so it would be more friendly to my legs).Food at the venue:They have a full bar with premium brands, Coke, wine, Budweiser, Bud Light and many imported beers. Also, pizza, hot dogs, popcorn and other snacks are also available before and during shows.  So if the line is long before the show (and you can stand stepping out quickly during part of the event) you'll get a MUCH shorter line during the show.  You might even get no line (like I did).What I liked best:The best part about this place is its intimate setting.  I know people have mentioned that before -- but it really can't be overstated.  You might have seen an act before -- but not 40ft away on a rotating stage.  This place will definitely give you a night to remember.
4	Nice intimate venue for watching a show. Last saw Stephen Lynch perform here and was great. There is pretty easy access to beer, and the bathrooms leave a litle to be desired! Seats were fine, and parking was easy (one big lot)!
5	Disclaimer: This review is based upon one and only experience with the venue... Scene: April 2007.Reason: The ShinsINCREDIBLE. This venue offers an intimacy that most don't, including places like the Marquee, Clubhouse and Rhythm Room. Which, if you think about it, is ironic since at Celebrity, you get to call dibs on some pretty amazing seats. Don't expect to be able to see the band, though, if you decide to sit. The entire crowd stood the entire time The Shins played. (Word to the wise: wear comfy shoes!)My only beef with Celebrity is that they don't bring enough acts to Phoenix that would have me doing 15 cartwheels in excitement. But, when they do bring in somebody, like The Shins, it's worth every penny and every second of my time!
1	This place sucks.  I didn't even go to the concert I had purchased tickets for - because I had really just wanted to see the opening act.  Unfortunately for me, the opening acts changed and I was never notified- even though I had purchased the tickets via the website and they had my email address.  The night of the concert I realized the band I wanted to see wasn't playing and basically- the people at the box office told me "tough shit".  I talked to someone on the phone, and after the woman I spoke to treated me like crap, I went to the venue and another woman at the will call window treated me like crap too.They both cut me off, told me too bad and recited something like "you bought the tickets for the headliner, not the opening act".  Which very well may be true, but their attitude sucked.  It sucked so bad, I would NEVER GO BACK.  Not even if Madonna played there and it was her last concert ever.And I love Madonna.  Luckily for me, I contacted the band I wanted to see on myspace, and the band Manager emailed me back right away letting me know they would put me on the guest list for any concert I wanted to see them at.
4	I went to Celebrity Theatre for the first time and saw Cafe Tacuba. Loved the theatre, and also loved that there were seats because I for one can not stand for 3 hours straight!!Also, it keeps some space between you and the crowd which is one thing I do not like about other theatres.  loved that the place was kept at like 50 degrees. Often times it can get so hott with so many people all in one spot and with all the lights and such, but they did a great job of keeping it cool..almost too cool at times I was a little bit chilly. You will need atleast $5 for parking !
3	i saw Katt Williams here awhile back..show sold out, so they booked a second performance that night..let me just tell you..cluster fuck on parking.this place is already pretty shitty to park at.. but umm. try getting out, when the next round of assholes are trying to get in. NIGHTMARE CITY3 accidents and a quick escape by the shear recklessness of my will did i manage to get out of the parking lot within 20 minutes. meh. i wasn't involved in those accidents thankfully...but i might of caused one of them hahaha. oh well. venue is pretty cool with the round stage that rotates..but the drink cost..stfu. i'm flaskin this place next time..or i'll tape a camelback to my inner thigh.
4	This is going to be a quick review. I LOVE seeing shows at the Celebrity. It's small and intimate. The parking is quick and easy every time I have been there. And $5 for parking isn't bad at all. The sound is always great. If a group you like is coming to the Celebrity.....go. Just go. You'll be amazed at how close you are to them. There is NO such thing as a nosebleed seat at the Celebrity. And, yeah....there is absolutely no leg room in the seats.....but it just gets you THAT much closer to the stage and the act you paid good money to see.Check out their website....find a show you want to see....buy tickets....go...and have a blast.
4	This place is a relic from the 70s. The seats are uncomfortable, but the circular shape allows for great seats no matter where you sit. I saw George Carlin, Dave Attell and Lisa Lampanelli here and all were great shows on account of the intimate arena-seating configuration. The circular design feels friendlier than the traditional "square" set up, making it feel like the performer is amongst the crowd, rather than before it. It also has convenient smoking areas and places to buy cocktails and refreshments.
4	Yay! Really great venue to get up close and personal to see any acts that you may like. Everything from jazz, to comedy, to hip-hop has been absolutely wonderful here. Not the classiest selection of snacks, and not the most scenic surroundings, but who cares? You are within shouting distance of the artist, that's pretty cool.They recently dropped the fee for the parking, so yay for free parking too! All in all, a great venue.
4	went last nite to see the great george jones... first stop the will call window for my tickets i gave the guy my credit card  and drivers lic. he handed me 2 tickets and off we went i new i had ordered a isle seat and down near the stage when we were pointed to our seats they were up from the stage and in the middle........i told one of the ushers and he summond a manager/head usher i told him the situation and he took my name and said he would be right back he returned a few minutes later with the right tickets and apoligized..........great service.........when we did get the right seats we were behind the band........ my wife said oh great were behind the band then he informed us the stage rotates........cool...........great show......great venue... highly recomended   ALSO HAVE THER OWN PARKING LOT VERY CONVIENT PARKING....IN AND OUT
4	Celebrity is one of the better concert venues in the valley.  Sometimes the stage revolves and other times they do a 3/4 house show and it doesn't.  Either way, good place to see a show.  The bar downstairs is decent, friendly bartenders.  Dodge is probably my favorite venue but for smaller or mid sized concerts/acts this is the place.
1	I came here years ago to see Henry Rollins Spoken word. (Totally awesome by the way: five stars.) The seats here though were absolutely HORRENDOUS! Now I'm 5'11" so I'm used to not having a lot of leg room so I'm used to sitting sideways so my knees aren't banging into the seat in from of me. Here, legs to the side and I'm still rammed up against the next row. It was like being in a three hour yoga pose. I have never before and never since seen rows of seats so close to eat other. Only my sister in law could sit comfortably and she's 5'1". Come on Celebrity Theatre, just a couple more inches. Size really does matter. If anyone told you otherwise, they were lying.
2	The only reason they dont get 1 star is because I understand they aren't accustomed to the heavier side of music and prolly panicked a bit when the Bad Brains came through.that said, this place bites. 1. They blocked off half the seating, oversold the show, and then were kicking people out for standing. 2. It was a punk rock show following an AM skate competition. They were cutting people off that werent anywhere close to obliterated.  3. the bathroom situation is chaos. 4. the bouncers who usually work shows like Barry Manalow were acting like they were Hell's Angels roughing up little kids trying to mosh and in the end pissed off the band. 5. just to get into the place required every punk kid to remove every last bit of metal.  Their punk kids man.  thats a lot of studs, chains, piercings, etc. What a hassle.Im sure its a great place to go see Celine Dion acoustic or something equally lame.  But why a place like that would book heavier stuff and then react like that is beyond me. I felt like i was in jail. Only in jail the bathtub gin is cheaper and you dont get yelled at as bad for smoking too close to a doorway.
3	I would rather be at the Marquee.So, this place is cleaner and more organized than the Marquee, and it's intimate like the Marquee, but it's a real disappointment to arrive early, get yourself at the very front where you're right at the gate, and then only get to see the band play half of the show because the stage is turned away from you half of the time.Even when there were 5 layers of people in front of me at the Marquee I felt closer to the band than when I was at the very front of the Celebrity, because I actually got to see the band the whole time at the Marquee. And the bands seem to get to know the closer individuals in the audience better at the Marquee.If you're lucky, you'll get a super talented band at the Celebrity, like Slightly Stoopid, who will play the stage well and run around the back once in a while and really engage with you, but even then, it's a let down to miss so much while you're staring at the equipment and wondering what cool thing the band just did that got the audience on the other side all riled up.Pluses -- 1) it's intimate (but not as intimate as the Marquee).2) Free parking if the band is smaller.3) it's clean and well-managed.4) There's a club downstairs where you can wait until they open the doors.5) The spinning stage has a cool visual effect if you don't mind staring at the back of the equipment half the time.6) Most of the seating is excellent if you like sitting (I don't) and -- again -- if you don't mind staring at the back of the equipment half the time.The Big Fat Minus -- You're staring at the back of the equipment half the time!
4	I want to set the scene on this one...A friend from work and I were bar hopping all over downtown and riding bicycles. We had already been to Carly's, Lucky Strike, Roosevelt, Bikini, Paisley Violin, and Lost Leaf. It was a perfectly fine drunken evening. Riding by District, I said hi to three women smoking on the patio. They said hi back, and I thought that was it. 1/2 block later, I look back and my friend is not anywhere to be seen. He made convo with the three, and scored one of their numbers. SWEET! Well, an hour of talking to them and he had an open invitation for us to join them for Chris Isakk... I wasn't feeling it though. It's just Chris Isakk, and I can't drive, and the train doesn't go there, and a taxi costs too much.... the only option is to bike! it's almost four miles!! So we biked, and biked, and biked. Finally, after the most awkwardly drunken bike ride down roosevelt for several miles, we arrived to a full parking lot and no idea where to go or how to get in. This place has no signage about which entrance is what. I go to lock my bike to a fence and the girl at the door says I cannot do that here. When I asked where I could lock it up, she replied "sir, I make $5.75 an hour." Ok, cool, but where can I lock my bike up? She said I could lock it to a light pole, so I started to do that, then she said "not that light pole sir. I make $5.75 an hour please don't make my job hard." I don't care how much you make. This wen't on for 10 minutes. Then trying to get into the place was next to impossible. We couldn't get close enough to the door to exchange tickets with our contact, and she couldn't go out the door because they have a no-reentry policy. Eventually some young girl with authority told us it was our lucky day and we could both go in for free... YESSSSSS! My sweet brunette savior. Inside the venue, everything goes in a circle, and is very intimate. There really isn't a bad seat in the house. The stage rotates so everyone gets a good view for half the show. They have plenty of concession stands, and $7 a beer is at least better than Chase Field, US Airways Center, or Dodge. The ride back home consisted of singing Chris Isakk songs and screaming and yelling all the way down Washington back downtown. Minus the retard at the front door, this is a great place to see a show.
3	I really love Celebrity Theater.  My only beef is that if you weigh over 150lbs.. get ready to squeeze into that tiny little chair they call a seat.  Other than that, this is the perfect venue for an intimate concert or stand up comedy act. Ive been here many times and have seen many musicians and last I was here, saw Jim Gaffigan.  Damn, he was hilarious!
4	I've only been here once, and that one time was awesome! I saw the '70's Soul Jam' ,woo! The parking lot is fairly small so it was a little crowded, but we got inside quickly. I love how small the venue is inside, we all got a look at the music groups, since of course, the stage is spinning! In my opinion, security was nice, and the employees as well. I was very happy that night.
3	{solid 3.5 stars]On a whim and with little thought I purchased a ticket for an event here. A spoken word event [well technically it was a psychic/medium that has quite the following, who I never heard of]. But I am not here to get into those details. I pulled into the lot and noticed a sign "$5 Parking". WTF?! I had already paid close to $70 for the cheap seat for this event and now I am being charged for parking. Making my way to the box office to pick up my ticket I was intrigued by this round building in the hood. Walking into the "Club" portion of the venue I glanced at the prices. Pretty standard $5-10 depending on what your drinking. After paying $5 to park and the cost of the ticket, I had invested enough in this venture already. Determined to get my money's worth I did make use of the ladies room, which was relatively clean. I then stood in line waiting to get in. The staff I encountered were friendly. Having not been to this theater before I asked for directions and was directed there with courtesy. The seat numbers were a little confusing. luckily there were not many seats in the row and I was able to count the seats to determine which was seat 8. I was 7 rows from the stage in this small intimate venue. Not bad... I could see how this would be nice for a comedy show or a mellow musical performance. [After reading other reviews from Rock/Punk performances I can see how places like the Marquee and The Clubhouse would be more suitable.] While waiting to get in I read the reviews. Several mentioned tight seating. Now I am a big girl and that concerned me. If this is anything smaller than the width of an airplane seat, I am in trouble. Luckily it was better than expected, which doesn't mean much and I was pretty cozy until the people occupying the seats on either side of me sat down. Both ladies had "super" purses. You know the ones that hold EVERYTHING, unwilling to put them on the floor and swinging them around everything they would get up. And the other lady spilling her soda on me barely apologizing saying it technically wasn't her fault since they over filled her soda. WTF?! Anyway the tight space was making my patience ware thin. However the theater is becoming quite innovative and in tune with technology. As I waited I was handed a card that advertised the Theater's app for iPhone and Android. This app was designed to keep people in their seats and a theater usher would bring you drinks and snacks ordered directly from your phone. Someones thinkin'..... While I would never spend that much to go see that performer again, the crowd was more entertaining. I can say that depending on who is performing I would not hesitate to go back to Celebrity Theater.
2	Went here when the Deftones came into town so it was pretty packed. The line snaked around all the way into the parking lot which there was not a lot of. We waited forever to get inside since they were only letting us get in until the last minute before the show was supposed to start. We went to wait in line to get into the bar on the other side and that was a long wait as well. I don't even think they were letting anyone in there either.I could have done without the ghetto girls behind me, talking about me for no other reason other than they were jealous of me. We waited in that line for what seemed like two hours with girls that were trying to put stuff in my hair. Eventually they started letting people in and the security was so slow and boorish. We got inside and the thing that I liked the most was that the stage rotates so there is not a bad seat in the house. The seating is extremely close from one another and the rows are crowded. The beer was expensive (but that's to be expected at a concert), and it was very hot inside from the beginning. Altogether, I would not see a concert in this place again unless A Perfect Circle, Tool or if Peter Steele was resurrected and played here. None of which sadly, would ever come true.
4	"Men of Soul" Saturday: June 25, 2011 7:30am.Freddy Jackson "You are my LAdy", Peabo Bryson "Tonight I celebrate my love" feat Roberta Flack (but on of his back up performed Roberta's part) & Jeffrey Osborn "On the Wings of Love". Truly it was one of the memorable concerts my wife and I have seen.
4	This a great place to see a concert and the staff was great. The seating is a little tight and there is a $5 parking fee, but you can take your chances and park outside the venue for free.  If a band that you love plays here, go all out and get the best seats available.
1	I absoutely hated this place!!!SMALL..SMALL..SMALL!!!I saw 2 consession stands...$5 for a hot dog, $7 for a beer, not to bad, but you are squeezed into this little space with 50 other people..the line never moved!!!!Went and saw Wynonna Judd..the ticket and website said show starts at 8pm....at 8:15pm this homely looking guy and his dog walks on stage and starts telling people he is the owner and tells what shows are coming up.....GHETTO!!!!!! Then he introduces 3 teenage girls from Chandler who are going to warm up the audience....I thought ok..maybe 2 or 3 songs and they will bring Wynonna on.....NOOOOOO!!!! These girls played for almost an hour...it was HORRIBLE!!!!Finally..9:30 Wynonna came on....once again this place is so small, the audience interrupted her the whole time she was onstage...people walking up to the stage extending their hand, asking her to take a picture with them, yelling out songs for her to sing, yelling out profanitys...It was HORRIBLE!!!!I will not be back!!!
4	This place was a pleasant surprise. It's the kind of theatre you want to go to if you want the warm intimate feeling with the performer. I attended the Kenny G concert here and his style of music was perfect to watch here .  Since its a small theatre, with a 360 degree rotating stage , no seat is a bad seat as everyone gets to see. Apparently such theatres are rare in Phoenix now so I'm glad I got to experience one.
4	While I do think this place could use a major face lift, you really can't beat the intimacy. Like others have said, there isn't a bad seat in the house so it doesn't matter if you're in the cheap seats!The negatives:-seating is tight, there's really no leg room at all. -parking lot is a mess, it seems like it was more of an afterthought-bathrooms are very old & smelly-when you first walk in, you get hit with the smell of old popcorn which is rather unpleasant-the screens are a joke - the ads that were running before the show were backwards and during the show it seemed like the camera was being operated by a 5 year oldHaving said all that, I still wouldn't hesitate to see an artist here.
4	Great place to see a show, with the following disclaimers:- 'traditional' concerts are best - if it's a show where you want to jump around, dance, etc. you're kind of limited to the space around your seat, and there isn't much.- not a bad seat in the place - yes it's tight but the place is old, probably built when we were a thinner nation.- the stage revolves meaning you're facing the band half the time.  I guess your view of this depends if you are the glass-is-half-full or empty type.- the staff is friendly, knowledgeable and professional, kind of like the Marquee in reverse.-  $5 for parking, but I can't remember the last event I attended where you didn't have to pay for parking.  Do agree with the 'get there early' comments.  It helps.- not in the best neighborhood but I've never had a problem.- decent food menu but if you want something more than ballpark fare you should probably eat before you go.- the bar/facilities downstairs are usually less crowded.- acoustics are solid, assuming the engineer is half-decent.
5	I have been to my share of venues, and I would have to say this is my favorite. I'm from California so everytime I go to a concert it has been crazy expensive to sit up close and there are assigned seats (which I can't stand). Sure, I've been to concerts without seats, but they were music festivals (Rock the Bells) and it took hours to slowly move close to the stage. At Celebrity Theatre we were able to be right at the stage and even touched the artists' (E-40, DJ Quik, Bone-Thugs-N-Harmony) hands as they performed directly to us. We even caught DJ Quik''s t-shirt!! I LOVE LOVE LOVE the rotating stage, it gives everyone in the crowd an opportunity to have a great view of the performers. These seats in CA would have been an arm and a leg, I feel lucky to have been able to be so close to the performers for ~$20 General Admission. I definitely recommend this venue to anyone and everyone!
2	I give this place two stars just because you have a great view of the entertainer your going to see here.  This Venue is nice because it's small and they do get some really good acts that pass through town here.  Other then that, I find the seating is way to small and uncomfortable, and location to be in a shady area of town.  Drink prices are way to high and the sound at a couple of the shows I've been to hasn't been great.  If someone I really want to see comes into town here, I'll force myself to be super uncomfortable, and deal with it.  But they've got to be someone I've been really, really wanting to see.
3	The Celebrity Theater is a MESS. There are a lot of people who are giving it 4 and 5 stars, but they are really rating the acts they saw there and how wonderful a time they had. They aren't truly rating the theater itself. Let me give you the PROS and CONS of Celebrity Theater.CONS:1. Parking:  If you get there late, good luck finding a spot. There are hardly any parking lines to assist you. If you get there when everyone else is, you may even have to wait to turn into the parking area. I always try to get there 45-60min before the show starts. Yes, it's a little early, but you will find a parking spot without much problem and you'll have time to get some beers, snacks and hit the restroom before the show starts. 2. Concession Stand: It's your typical drink and snack bar. Beer is like $6-$7 and popcorn $3. Everything is overpriced like the movie theater. The food is just average at best. The lines can be very long if you get their late. I got their early and still had to wait about 20min to get my drink/food. 3. Bathrooms: They weren't the cleanest in the world. There was toilet paper in the stalls and soap in the containers. So that was a plus. This wasn't the bathroom at the Bellagio, that for sure. If you can, go before you leave home, do it. Try not to drink or eat anything prior. 4. The Theater: It's old. The stage is a nice size, but the seats are very small. If you are a tall or a wide person, you probably won't be too comfortable sitting in these seats. I'm 5'8" and I still had to pull my knees in so not to hit the seat in front of me. I don't believe there are any cup holders for your drinks. If there are, it's attached to the back of the seats in front of you. It's pretty dark in this place as well. Almost like a move theater before the movie starts. PROS:1. The Shows: This is the main reason we go to this theater. They have some of the best shows here. I've seen Sinbad, Katt Williams and the 70s Soul Jam performers which include (The Delfonics, Ray, Goodman & Brown, The Stylistics, Bloodstone & The Main Ingredient). All these shows were fabulous. Absolutely worth the money. Sinbad started like 15min late, but he kept telling jokes till after 11:30p at night. He said, "I can go on all night" Make sure you folks get your moneys worth. He was very funny. Katt Williams was also good and a little over the top.His voice can grind your last nerve after an hour of listening to him. The 70's Soul Jam was spectacular. Each group sang a least 3-5 songs each. I loved it. Most of them sounded just as good as their records. So even though the Celebrity Theater itself isn't the greatest, the acts they are able to pull in are awesome. If you can deal with the parking, seats and bathroom, then definitely go and see your favorite acts here. I gave them 3 our 5 stars.  (1 star for the theater itself & 2 stars for the incredible acts, and the fun & enjoyment I had.
4	I have read many of the reviews, and I would like to add my contributions.If you think you are going to a new Vegas or metroplex theater, this is not your place.  It is old, and it is aging with friendliness and grace.  Yes,the seats are too close together, but it isn't your kitchen.  Three hours and you are out of there.  The bathrooms are small, and as the evening wears on, they are dirty.  You would be too.But when you can drive on great freeways and pull off to a completely gated and guarded arena with enclosed and cheap available parking ($5), that is a good thing.  But the enduring quality of the Celebrity Theater is its size and its up close feeling.  This place is a gem which allows you the leisure of a reserved seat and the ability to get up and move about at any time.  If what you are doing is going to hear the music or see the talent, this place may be perfect for you.  If you are making the scene, you might prefer something else.(Bob Weir Show.  (12/11/12)
4	always a nice smaller venue to watch a concert
3	The parking is a bit of a challenge, but the venue is good.  I'd buy the tickets at the box office and save the money on the service charges.  It's a great small venue though.
3	Great for intimate shows and showcases, not the best concert venue though.  The noise level gets really bad with the reverb.
5	Saw Louis CK on Friday night. I got there an hour early as advised by people here and parked in the west lot right in front of the exit gate. The first thing I noticed is that there were at least two ways to enter the building, which was nice as the lines to get in were short. Once inside I noticed how small the venue was which was nice, as every seat in the house was good. Yes, the seats are fairly small and the legroom wasn't great, but that didn't really take much away from the experience. The stage didn't revolve as was mentioned but Louis walked around so he was facing me much of the time it seemed...maybe cause the HBO cameras were near where I was sitting. After the show I walked to my car and was out of the lot immediately.
4	This is a great place for a show.  The fact that it's a circular set-up means there are no bad seats.  Plus the drinks are great and the staff is very helpful.  I wish they sold more food here.  Also the line to get in was pretty lengthy.  Overall a good time.
3	Ok...first things first, I can't imagine a better place in Phoenix to go see Rakim. It was bomb diggity and if it was possible to Yelp a person, I would give him ALL 5 stars...I agree with Dolores G, this is a solid 3.5 star place (I can't stand going to concerts in places where there are like 10,000 screaming, annoying fans and groupies, I really love the size of Celebrity Theater).The opening acts varied from WTF?-Did-he-just -light-a-ciggy-on stage-instead-of-try-to-rap/sing-all-of-the-words-to-his-performance? (Dude, put the glow stick down and focus on getting your lungs in better shape and try to show a little stamina!) to Holy-COW-that-little-guy-has-more-energy-than-the-Easter Bunny (who moonlights as the Energizer Bunny, if you didn't already know)...The seats aren't terribly comfortable (we opted for the higher end $$ seating, cup holders are there, but it's not exactly cushy), but since we only sat during the opening acts it wasn't that big of a deal (well...not for me, since I'm "height-challenged"...however, unfortunately for Mikey, he is 6 foot 32,481 inches tall" and he looked squished, temporarily). Nice venue, love the set-up, I think that it could use a little bit of a nip/tuck to make it more comfortable, drinks are pretty reasonable (for a venue), the staff was super nice to us and even showed us to our seats and the crowd was fun/ny.
4	I have always enjoyed myself here - but never as much as watching Louis CK record his HBO special last week. The only downside was the bars shutdown after he started (I'm assuming this was an attempt to keep people in their seats). The circular stage is unique and works well for comedy.
5	As far as venues in the Valley go:Celebrity/Marquee/Mesa Amp sit at the top of the list.You literally CANNOT get a bad seat in Celebrity Theater. Fantastic sound set up, Light Techs do a great job, Easy Parking...direct access to Downtown and the Freeway. Honestly, they can't get much better.
3	It's a great setup so seats probably aren't that bad no matter where you sit, but the venue itself can't handle the number of people they can cram in there. There is always like a half hour of waiting in traffic just to get in to the parking lot, then human traffic once inside if you try to move around or go to the bathroom. Drinks are super pricey... like huge venue type pricing, which isn't surprising, just annoying.
4	Cool theater with a circular set-up for seating. Even in the "cheap seats" (B Section) area, there's still a good view of the stage. We sat in the first row of the B section, and for the most part we had no problems seeing anything. However, if you're at an event here where a lot of people are walking around during the event, your view might be obstructed by the people walking down the pathway separating the lower section and the B section.We got here an hour before the show, and had no problems finding parking. The lot is huge, but I can see how there can be traffic problems getting in and out of here if everyone is trying to get in or leave at the same time since there is only one entry and exit point. We also left a little early since we didn't want the headache of waiting to get out. The on-site parking is $5 so be prepared!They have food and beverage options such as beer, water, soda, popcorn, nachos, hot dogs, and burgers. As with any venue, prices are a bit high. Unfortunately, there's not much around this area in walking distance to eat at except for a taqueria and fish and chips place, and you probably don't want to be walking too much here anyways since it's not the best part of town. The light rail stop is also a bit of a walk to the theater (~1 mile), so convenient public transportation is also out of the question. Overall, a cool place to see a show.
5	Really cool set up theatre with a circular type seating, which makes it very easy to see the stage from any place in the theatre.  Loads of parking and really organized staff that makes getting in and out of the theatre easy to do.  Awesome place to see a show, never a bad time.
5	MWS Christmas Concert
5	literally my favorite place to see a concert.  seating is a little tight but its worth it.  the setup is intimate making every seat a winner.
2	We came here last month to watch a boxing event.  The theatre is perfect for that type of event.  The stage is set in the round, so the stage is front and center.  However, the place is old and is in desperate need of a renovation.  The bar and bathrooms are located downstairs underneath the seating area and is very small.  It's a little inconvenient.The food and drink options here are very limited as well....think cheap high school gymnasium type of deal.  Also, I wouldn't trust parking my car out in the lot during a show...the neighborhood is bad and sketchy.  The night we went we took an Execucar to/from the place....we didn't want to risk it.I would only come back to see a show that I don't want to miss...otherwise, I'd pass.Return Factor - 30%
4	My son in law & daughter treated myself and his mom to a Mom's night out down at the Celebrity Theater.  Now this review isn't about the show we saw, but more on the venue. I have lived in the valley for 13 years and never knew this place existed, crazy right?We arrived an hour early so we went down into the club area and son in law & I had some drinks, this is a cool little waiting spot, it did fill up quickly, but didn't feel over crowded. Then the doors opened, and I have to say, I enjoyed the set up, we were only 6 rows back from the stage, but after looking around I can't honestly say there isn't a bad seat in the house, and this is a smaller more intimate venue where the stage turns, so everyone can get a great view.  The seats were comfortable, the show was great. I truly enjoyed my night out with them! Definitely will be checking the event calendar to see what acts/shows will be coming because I don't mind going back!
2	We went with a group of people to watch some fights. The venue is super cool with so much history it's crazy. I sadly do have complaints about it though. They are as follows: thanks for charging 5 dollars to park even though we bought tickets to your venue. Thanks for charging 15 dollars in additional fees so the ticket wasn't 35 it was 50, thanks for starting the event 1.5 hrs late I'm glad I rushed down there, thanks for not letting anyone know that the seating at the venue is made for people who are 5'4" of shorter, and lastly thanks for two drinks for 32 bucks!!!!!!  It's a good thing I got to see grown men attack each other as a reward for keeping my cool.
5	Took my Mother, Daughter and Sister to the Michael W Smith concert  Saturday 1/11/14, We had a great experience, The staff was very friendly, not a bad seat in the house, the sound was great, this is a very special place.
1	The Jackie Evancho promotors should be strung up for putting her in this filthy dump of a theatre.  Got an email ahead of performance today reminding us to allow time to be searched.  Really.  The Pearl & ascot crowd being searched!  For Jackie Evancho!  Saw BB King here.    Everyone was smoking e cigs.  Place was filled with smoke.  Wonderful.  Obviously terribly managed !
5	This place is an amazing venue! It's a theatre in the round with a stage that slowly turns! No matter where you sit you have a great seat! It's not CRAZY loud but sounds awesome!!!! Good bar. The only thing that sucked was only one girls bathroom! Lol! Can't wait to see what else is coming here! Just saw 3 Doors Down! Loved it!
1	Wow! Three doors down tonight was amazing! However having another person assaulting me three separate times was not.  A group of drunk rednecks sitting behind us made several people in the section that I was sitting in get up and leave completely. After being punched in the back of the head on three separate occasions I finally left as well. I informed security, who found my friend and  I different seats, however they DID not remove these unruly drunks, nor did they provide any compensation or even write an incident report. He should have been arrested , instead he was left to ruin other peoples experience. Terrible way to run a business, very unsafe, lawsuit waiting to happen.
5	Very friendly and helpful staff. I lost my debit card near the bar downstairs, got to the stage upstairs and realized I didn't have my debit card and the bartender was nice enough to just let me have my drink anyway. I went back downstairs to search for my card and the employees I asked to help me were very concerned and did all they could to help me, and we found my card!This was my first time at this venue and I was very glad to have been treated so well by the staff there, I can't express how grateful I am for this experience.
3	Went to first show here last night (Amy Schumer) and she killed it! Very comical lady, IMO.The venue is centrally located at 32nd street and Van Buren. Not a great 'hood, so be careful at night!As I arrived to park, there were both Phx PD and Celebrity staff directing traffic/parking, which was nice and efficient. But, it was $5 to park (lame) and the system after the show felt "messy" and "unorganized".The venue itself is older (it seems) and cld use a great face-lift/refurb. It even smelled old and musty. The seating is in a large circle around the main, center stage. It seemed to be a little strange having a comic stand-up as they had to keep turning to address everyone. NOTE: They only sold seats for Amy's show for 1/2 the circle/building so she wasn't twirling in circles.I wouldn't recommend for a comic act, but perhaps for a boxing event or performer.
4	I love this venue. I can see someone get mad about this place if they see a rock band and the stage keeps turning away from them, but I've been to two rap shows  (Schoolboy Q and Kendrick Lemar) and its great to have the artist move around the set and everybody from all corners of the venue receive an equally great view and experience.Private parking is a plus, keeps out scalpers and ensures your car gets some level of security. Wish the ticket doubled as a parking pass though.Bathrooms are the biggest negative here. I've seen closets with more space to move in and out. We are packed like sardines in there.Sound system was good, no complaints from the back section where I stood.Overall, one of the better medium sized venues out here in Arizona to see your favorite artist up close before they book stadiums like US Airways and you have to see them on stage from a 100 yards away.
4	What can you say about Bob Weir. After almost 50 years of playing, you can bet he has his act perfected. He may not pack the show with that squealing guitar or technically complicated rifts that some bands feel they need to impress.  Of coarse, that doesn't mean he doesn't have his moments.  It's just that there is more to performing music than just playing technically difficult music and Bob, as well as his fans, figured this out a long time ago.  As a one-time musician, I know the magic of jamming freestyle with friends. There are moments when the emergency broadcast system sounds better. And there there are moments when you make magic you can't ever repeat. Every show Bob puts on is unique and will never be repeated. Every show has its own moments of magic. This is the beauty of watching true jam bands.  The reason I love the Blues is because you can't auto tune the Blues.  Just like the Blues, Bobs music has an emotion and feeling that many strive for but few achieve. There is a honesty and purity that some have and some don't. Bob had it...and still does.  Combine that with some of the nicest and most open minded fans around and you have yourself a good evening. Where else can you get a 20 year old hippy who doesn't know what day of the week it is with a 35 year old wasp and a 75 year old holding onto old glory days and everyone not only gets along but are friends for a few hours. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars, and I feel bad because it's not the bands fault, but some of their fans don't bath themselves.  Just because you can't smell yourself, doesn't mean I can't either.Oh yeah. The venue is cool too.
1	Yesterday, my daughter and I were given free tickets to see "The Whispers!"  As she's never been there before and her birthday is this coming Sunday, I thought why not celebrate?The ticket said that we had to arrive before 6:30 to not revert to paying $15 apiece, so we arrived at 6 pm.  Parking is $5, collected as soon as you arrive.  If you want to avoid the mad rush getting outta there, strategically park near the exit (or near where you entered).The line wasn't terribly long but the wait for the 8:30 show (2.5 hours)  was unendurable .  If you use either a walker or wheel chair, I don't believe this place is handicap accessible as I saw no ramps for either.  You only have the option to walk upstairs or downstairs.  The facility had minimal air conditioning and with the crowd it was very hot both inside and outside on the patio.  You would think they' would at least have a mist sprinkler system outside along with more chairs!  Also, you could see the patio is desperately in need of structural repairs. Obviously, the facility expected us to buy drinks while we waited.  But who wants to drink over priced alcohol drinks when you're uncomfortably hot and dehydrated? While everyone raves about getting a good view from any seat, the seats themselves are packed closely together.  I'm 5'5" and my knees were scrunched by the seat in front of me.  Also if you've heavyset, the seats are small.  Acoustics are good. And I've had yet to attend an event here that starts on time???Overall, I'd avoid this place.  If you must go, remember:  You get what you pay for.
4	Saw Bob Weir and Ratdog July 7th.  It was my first visit to the venue.Every seat is a great seat.  I'm glad I bought a cheap ticket because the extra money for a seat up front wouldn't have been worth it.  I was shocked to find the bathrooms in in a fairly reputable state.  This is not common at a Ratdog show.My only complaint would be that people's voices carry extremely well in this venue.  I could hear people talking over the music the entire night.I'd definitely go back to see another band.  Don't think I'd go there to see a comedian or a play, or anything that required listening closely, though.
2	DO NOT ALLOW CELEBRITY TO SEAT YOU IN ROW B14.  I attended an event at Celebrity.  Bought tickets through Stub Hub.  I chose my own seat  in row B14 which looked like a good choice on the internet seating chart.  At the event I realized that  these seats are behind the Handicapped Section which is on almost the same level.  All you  could see were the backs of the handicapped people sitting in front of row B14.  Some people in Celebrity Theatre shirts said I had to stay in my assigned seat and couldn't move to vacant seats behind me (which remained vacant the entire show).  I asked the 2 handicapped guys in front of me  to scoot apart so I could see a small sliver of the stage and they did. When I complained to Stub Hub and the Celebrity Theatre a day or so later, they said they were looking into it but did not offer me a price adjustment or credit on a future event.  A representative from Celebrity Theatre said their venue is an old one and does not accommodate Handicapped seating very well.  O.K.. but shouldn't they let their customers know?  They both  basically told me I should have reported it the night of the event but what good would that have done since the event was already in progress. Not good customer service!!!!
1	Horrible sight lines, small uncomfortable seats ... This place is obsolete.  Awful.
4	Celebrity is one of those small, but just large enough venues that every seat in the house is good, and all seats are reasonably priced, parking is not bad and is only $5.  I can honestly say that when someone comes here I am willing to go see them.  Celebrity is so much better then any of the the other larger venues that just treat their customers like cattle (pack them in, and rush them out).The only thing that I think they could do better on is the price of their non alcoholic drinks. They were even higher then Disneyland was for a bottle of soda. If they were better priced I would have bought more then one, but I hate being gouged. Overall I give you a thumbs up, but only gave 4 of 5 stars because of your over price waters/soda's
5	We perform this self-guided tour Concert Hall gigantic. It is an amazing place if they will not have to miss any important concert. We could not attend but knew the place was worth ...
2	I went to watch John Prine and Iris DeMent on a Thursday night.  I usually do not go to concerts on weeknights because my wife and I have day jobs.  This experience only reinforces my practice of avoiding weeknight concerts.For starters, the concert did not start until 8:00 PM.  Iris sang until 9:00 PM when they shifted from Iris to John Prine.  Problem was that the could not or did not remove Iris' piano for 30 minutes.  So, we had an unplanned 30 minute delay.  It was past 9:30 PM when John Prine finally appeared.  He sang until 11:00 PM when Iris joined him.  We stayed until 11:15 PM and had to leave to be home before midnight.  We missed most of John Prine and Iris singing together which was the primary reason for us attending.I agree with other comments about drinks being excessively high priced.  It is a smaller venue that you may call charming in its 1970's style or outdated depending on how you look at it.
2	What a dump! You would expect renovations after 50 years of being in business. I am only 5 feet tall and my knees hit the chair ahead of me and the rows are too close together so with someone in front of me I couldn't even see. More women then restrooms and dirty. If you want to get into your seat and you are in the middle expect the whole row to have to exit to let you in. It's insane how tightly packed in the people are. Drink and snack prices are hefty!!! Unless it's someone I really really want to see we won't be back. PS: my seat was even held together with some tape and once we moved to a different seat in an empty row others took our lead and looked for something less confining.
2	Great venue for almost any type of show.  Reason for 2 stars?  The seats in section B are crammed together so tight,  it's claustrophobic.   My back was sore after 15 minutes.  I've sat in more comfortable seats on 25 year old Southwest Airlines jets.  Bleachers at Sun Devil Stadium were more comfortable.  I don't know if section A are any better.
3	Came here for a boxing event and had a blast. I've been to many events here over the years and always had a great time!
