4	4 Stars...as a Sports Bar!Refreshingly good selection of draft and craft beers!  Lots of big screens!  Incredible bartenders!...on at least two occasion anyway...Come here for a quality sports bar on the strip with well above average beer selections and some tasty food options.  Come here to watch the big game...especially if you are placing a bet and need a casino to do so.  I would much rather watch the game here with great beer and good food than in a sports book.  Also, come here if you are staying at the the Luxor and need some more reasonable strip dinner prices.The name throws me a bit...I was hoping for a traditional public house throwback.  The sports bar feel is not the typical bar I am looking for unless I am with a group of friends watching the game.  The Public House  does it well though.  I posted a couple of pictures of their beer menu...not your typical sports bar varieties.  Some might even call it a best of Yard House type selection.Some highlights were the Philly Cheesesteak Spring Rolls (although again the names are killing me a little bit....In America we tend to use "Spring Roll" to refer to soft rice paper wrapped rolls more often than fried won ton wrapped rolls...why not just call them crunchy Philly Cheessteak Rolls?...delicious non-the-less.)  The bartender suggested a side of the honey bourbon sauce for dipping...this was a good choice since bark would taste great dipped in this sauce!  I was also a fan of the the hummus plate.  It comes with a great plate of items, rather than just hummus and pita.  The olive and red pepper salad on the hummus plate is great!...there is also feta and cucumbers!  The filet mingon sliders rock.  You get three sliders with tender chunks of filet mingon.  I ordered mine with sweet potato fries and was quite pleased.The mac-n-cheese squares are fired squares of mac-n-cheese.  There are a little dry on their own, but they come with an amazing side of chilpolte ranch...so if you dredge the squares through the chipolte ranch something special happens in your mouth...although something not-so-special probably also happens around your waist. I want to try the pulled pork next time.It was a bit loud with Monday Night Football on for my usual liking.  I wouldn't come here during any big games unless I was into the game.  The sports bar atmosphere also leaves me wanting generally speaking.  That being said, as a sports bar goes they do a great job at Public House!
4	I brought some co workers who just arrived on a flight from northern Cal. Public House just opened a few days ago so I wanted to check it out. I valet parked and once we entered the hotel Public house was just to the left so we didn't  have to hike though out the casino.Our waitress Jennifer took good care of us with service and friendliness. We happen to be only her second table she waited on at Public House. OK, on with the food - my choice the veggie pasta - good portion with olives and various thin sliced veggies which made the entree tasty and light.I would return again if I happen to visiting the Luxor.
5	Public House occupies the former Company space on the casino floor and is not affiliated with Public House at the Venetian. We were welcomed for a media night event by many staff members and everyone was friendly. I enjoyed all the appetizers we sampled, which included sliders, mac & cheese bites, wings, pork nachos and pesto chicken salad, which was my favorite. The menu has great variety and although we didn't sample any beer, the taps behind the bar speak for themselves!The servers made sure no one was without a drink or appetizers! They really went above and beyond, and many company rep's stopped by our table to welcome us. The restaurant space is open and the decor is typical of a sports bar, with plenty of TVs for viewing. It looks like the Luxor has another top notch eatery!
5	This was my favorite spot of my Vegas vacation. My boyfriend and I headed to the Luxor, we were planning on eating at the Pyramid Cafe. Unfortunately they had changed their hours and we had come a little to late. Bummed, we started to work our way to the food court when we happened to spot the Public House. The menu was on display outside and we immediately agreed to eat here instead. It is a very open restaurant with big screen TVs covering the walls. Our server Rian was amazing! She greeted us immediately got our drinks and started our appetizer (Mac n' Cheese squares!) The fried Mac n' Cheese squares came 5(?) to a plate (I cant remember they were basically gone the second they were put on our table) They came with a buffalo wing sauce and a chipotle ranch sauce. Entrees followed soon after.I had the turkey burger, with guacamole, smoke gouda, on an onion bun. I opted to substitute my fries for a healthier side salad, My boyfriend had the angus burger with the fries. Everything was simply amazing. My boyfriend complained about his onions (not regular raw onions but a sauteed onion placed under the cheese) I do not hold this against the restaurant because our server had asked if everything on the burger was ok for him, he said yes. I did steal a few fries off my boyfriends plate and they were perfectly cooked in my opinion, extra crunch on the outside without getting the overcooked feel. (definitely the best french fry i had the entire trip)When we went this restaurant was only opened for 15 days, I wish this restaurant the best and I hope I get the chance to eat here again. We couldn't stop raving about the food/service the rest of our trip!
3	Hubby and I stayed at Luxor last weekend while visiting Vegas.  We had dinner reservations at N9NE later that night, so we wanted a light lunch.  We noticed this restaurant on our way to our room and saw there was a free drink coupon in the coupon book we got when we checked in.  We had a cocktail, the rum punch, which was really good and definitely the highlight of our meal.  He ordered the chicken wings, which was a really big serving and I had the Cobb salad.  The salad was pretty standard ... but how hard it is it to screw up a salad?  His chicken wings tasted like an Asian spice flavored wing rather than a buffalo wing. It was ok.  The ranch sauce tasted like it was spoiled, so we left it pretty much as we got it.  Overall, the food was average at best., but the drinks were really well made.  The service was OK, but it took way too long for our food to come out.  The decor is nice and there were a ton of TVs in there so you could catch any sports game picked up by satellite. Would we go back ... probably not, but it was not the worst meal we had in Vegas.
5	Met the yelp group after the Body exhibit here and it was fantastic! It was an open bar with a lot of seating and had all the important baseball and football games on. The finger food was amazing! Everything I could eat! Hummus, cherry tomatoes, cucumbers and feta cheese! And of course the guests were fantastic! Officially met a yelper who I took kickboxing classes with! If you are looking for a nice spot to hangout at, have a few good drinks and enjoy great company, this is the place to be at the Luxor!
4	Had a great time last night at Public House after the Bodies Exhibit. The staff is extremely nice and helpful, and the food is really really good. I highly recommend stopping in next time you're at Luxor.
3	After enjoying "Bodies: The Exhibition" and mingling and sampling great appetizers in the lounge area of Public House with fellow Yelpers at the fine CMYE hosted by the Luxor, I headed over with Diane to the dining section.  The meal started on a high note but unfortunately went somewhat downhill after that.  Our appetizer of Town Dock Calamari with pickled cherry peppers and a Lemon Caper Aioli that featured really tasty and excellent strips of calamari arrived quickly after it was ordered.  But it took 15 minutes before any drinks arrived at our booth, and slightly over 30 minutes after we finished our starter before any ordered entrees were placed before us.  I also saw a couple that arrived after us receive their entrees first.   A side of French Fries was very fine.  And, my five medallions of mushroom-covered Tavern Style Meatloaf with pan gravy was good, but I could have used more gravy, the Sweet Potato Mash was not that hot, and the English Peas did not look or taste fresh.  Other than the long waits for drinks and food, service was good and very accommodating.  Peppers were delivered on the side as requested.  And, homemade Lemonade was good and tasty.  The first-rate appetizers served earlier in the lounge were also on the dinner menu, so, despite a few kinks to work out, this new restaurant shows good promise as a purveyor of memorable comfort food.***-1/2 overall!
2	The beer selection is not terrible, but that's the nicest thing I have to say about this place. The service was very slow. It took an hour to get our food and the place was only half full. We had to remind the server about our drink orders. After a while, we realized it was faster to go to the bar to get another drink. Somehow, even half full, the place was really loud. The food was ok. I'm not one to complain about expensive food on the Strip, because that's just how it's going to be, but I'd rather have food that's at least tasty, and not just ok.  The Public House at the Venetian is much better -- a little classier but even more expensive.
3	If the thought of a pub in a pyramid seems a little off to you, then you'll understand how I felt strolling into this place located in Luxor.   Went on a weekday afternoon to peruse their draft list...it was underwhelming.  I mean they had a couple of decent beers, but Fat Tire was about as special as they got.The guy bartender was efficient and the female one was very friendly and outgoing to the people she serviced, but there was nothing compelling about the place.  Everyone there seemed like they were asleep or slowly entering zombie mode.  Not that there's anything wrong with being a zombie, if that's what you're into.It was fine but not really worth a special trip.
3	Great apps. Cheap and you can watch the game while you eat.
4	Stopped by since it was in the hotel I was staying at and didn't know much about the place. I had a really great experience and the food was really good. Wait staff was so-so, but the the overall experience was really good. The lunch portions were really big and filling and I highly recommend the deep fried mac 'n cheese squares with dipping sauces. I would definitely go back if I'm in the neighborhood again.PS... be sure to check out their awesome paintings they have on the walls amongst all of the flat screen TVs
2	Went for Sunday football.  Service was soso.  The football game was on, but they had a DJ playing.    Wtf?   All these great TV's and football completely drowned by the DJ..... Listen Management....   Have Great TV's, atmosphere and advertise yourself as a sports place.   Tell the DJ to come a night when people are not watching Sunday football.   KthxBye
4	My husband and I visited the location in the Luxor on the Las Vegas Strip when we visited for the marathon. He was immediately impressed with their craft beer menu, both the selection in bottles and on tap! We asked for recommendations on what to order, and I ended up with a turkey, apple, and brie sandwich, and my husband had a short rib sandwich.Both sandwiches were delicious. We ended up sharing bites of the others and really enjoying both sandwiches. The wait staff was very attentive, and the waitress kept my water glass full (the way I judge an attentive waitress). Prices were fairly average for the Strip, but pricier than off-Strip.
1	Stopped at the bar for dinner and some drinks. SLOW, SLOW, SLOW service. A couple at the bar, maybe six tables with people in the restaurant. The bartender kept disappearing. Took almost 30 minutes for the appetizer I ordered - cheesesteak spring rolls - to appear. $11 for two spring rolls. By the time the bartender returned and asked how they were, I was almost done.Won't come here again.
4	This was one of my few choices for food at 2am...c'mon, Vegas!While limited, the late night menu was good, albeit pricey.  The Asian wings were fabulous!
3	I bought a Travelzoo coupon where for $49 you got any 2 appetizers (up to $16 each), 2 entrees (up to $26 each)  and 2 alcoholic beverages (up to $13 each). Basically you could get anything on the menu so obviously went with the highest priced items.  I was going to save this for one weekend during the NFL playoffs but the fridge was empty and it was Falcons vs Lions on Saturday so what the heck.  There were plenty of TV's and a decent place to see a game.  First appetizer was the buffalo shrimp consisting of 4 breaded and fried pieces of shrimp with a good kick.  My wife loved this and I know we'll be back just for this dish.  I also got the cheesesteak egg rolls after inhaling multiple pieces of these after Misti's CMYE: Bodies event.  They were outstanding and as good as I remember although $3 a piece seemed kind of high.Filet mignon sliders ($25) were really good.  We both expected just "ground filet mignon" but those babies were just straight pieces of tender, juicy filet nestled in between some tasty buns.  I was surprised how good the steak was for being much smaller than your average filet.  Last and definitely least was the "French Quarter Jambalaya".  It was a boring sauce with dry chicken breast with the shrimp being the highlight.  I think a real Cajun/Creole place serving jambalaya would try this and break out in sheer laughter.  I got the Goose Island Nero Belgium Ale ($12) which had to be north of 9% because I was feeling it after one.  My wife ordered the pomegranate martini ($13) which she said was fine.  We got a $100 dinner for $49 before gratuity and this was certainly not a dinner worth that price. I would stop by for happy hour and just do appetizers and drinks.  Our server was very friendly and helpful.
4	I like staying at the Luxor. I know it isn't the fanciest hotel on the strip, but they always have treated me well, and it's smack dab in the middle of a great selection of restaurants from high to low end. I rarely eat on property since most of the restaurants in the Luxor aren't to my liking, so armed with a 2-for-1 coupon from the Luxor-Excaliber promotions book I got at check-in, we headed to Public House for drinks and a few apps.The place is a lot bigger than I remember the old restaurant being, and a heck of a lot less intimate, but I see it as a sports bar, so in that sense, it works perfectly. I was able to make the reservation with opentable which is also a plus. We were seated immediately in a back booth and within moments our waiter came for our drink order. I told him about my coupon and he answered that there were no restrictions on what drinks I could order! I was planning on having two Bloody Mary's and my BF ordered Samuel Adams seasonal. We also has some apps, namely the Nachos with pulled pork on top and the calamari. Later, I would realize there was no way I would have a second drink and my BF decided to order an Innis and Gunn.The food was delicious and portions were generous, the waiter used both top priced drinks as the 2 for 1 (Bloody Mary $13 and the Innis & Gunn $13) which was appreciated, most restaurants would have comped the cheapest (Sam Adams). Overall, I really liked this place as an option for a more casual evening at the Luxor!Oh, they also offer free wi-fi, and in fact, this is one of the only places I have found wi-fi in the Luxor (rooms only offer wired access).
4	The food is great and the service was outstanding.  Close to the sportsbook!
3	If I based this place solely on the amount I paid, it would be 4 star all the way, but if I had to pay menu prices I would not have felt that the food was worth it. We came here on a Friday evening after work and they had a bit of a wait. We were finally seated and our server was extremely attentive. We ordered some cocktails to start. I ordered the Sin City Sunrise and my fella ordered the pineapple martini. Both were pretty tasty. We started with the shortrib nachos and buffalo shrimp appetizers. They came out quickly and they were both had nice flavor. My favorite were the buffalo shrimp. They had a nice kick and the bleu cheese was flavorful. For $16 you only get four small fried shrimp, though. The nachos were nice. We both enjoyed the shortrib, but I disliked the queso dip. It had a weird texture, a little clumpy and it didn't have enough cheesy flavor for me. The potato chips were a nice touch. For entrees, I went with the filet mignon sliders and my fella got the steak frites. The sliders were great. They had full pieces of filet on a slider and they were pretty well-cooked. The meat was a little tough, but still had a nice flavor. The steak frites were disgusting. The meat texture was really grainy and the sauce that it was served with had the worst flavor. We kind of just pushed this dish to the side and shared my sliders since we already had so much food. Overall, we had a nice meal and I would be happy to try this place again with another coupon or maybe for Happy Hour. Otherwise, it's a good place to check out if you're staying at the hotel or in the area, but don't go out of your way to try this place.
2	I didn't really like this place. The food was really overpriced. Not shocking for a strip restaurant. The filet mignon sliders were the best thing we had. The nachos were all right, but everything else we ate was really bad. I didn't like the shrimp appetizer or the steak frites. That was the worst steak frites I've ever had. Service was ok.
4	We went to see a football playoff game.  Great place to watch the game; good sound over the speakers; nice large TV over the bar area with many other TVS in the area so anyone can catch the game from their seat.   We enjoyed watching the game....the place was not full.....we ordered 2 appetizers and a sandwich and a couple of beers. After our humus platter and calamari appetizer showed up, we realized - These are really good and tasty; but so large.   The appetizers filled us up so we put a hold on the sandwich and finally cancelled it.  Our server had no problem with us cancelling the sandwich.  This is real service!    since she did not bug us at all just checked in with us once or twice to see if we wanted the sandwich or not.....By the way, they do an exceptionally good job on the hummus platter with good pitas and humus as well as other side items to enjoy....Good beer; enjoyable place for a game; and comfortable seating.
1	This past weekend, we were staying at Luxor and had made plans to meet someone at Public House; it seemed like a nice place and wasn't too busy. Unfortunately, she was sick and had to cancel, but we stayed the course and went there as planned.When we arrived, the hostess said she had a half booth/half table available for us, despite the fact that there were about 4-5 open booths in sight. I mentioned this, and she said that the server in that section was overwhelmed, and that she didn't want us to have a poor experience. Okay, so kudos to her for being honest; shame on management for being so poorly staffed on a Saturday afternoon in Las Vegas. Reluctantly we did the half table.We sat there for literally 10 minutes before anyone came to the table. Finally, it was the same hostess that came and poured some water for us, saying someone would be right out.That should have been our exit right then and there. But, we stayed.Our waitress was nice, but she called me "sweetheart" as soon as she came to the table. Now, I wouldn't take notice usually IF the waitress were older than me, or I was in the South. However, she was young, and Vegas is definitely not the South; it really rubbed me weird. Other than that, she was friendly and took our orders: Steak & Eggs special, for $15 each.After ordering, we waited. And waited. And waited. The food took forever to come out, with the waitress showing up only once to say that the orders were almost ready. No "Can I get you anything while you wait?" or anything. Meh.We ordered our steaks medium rare. When the plates came, mine was brown all the way through and my girlfriend's was barely pink. We opted just to eat and get the hell out, because the meal was going to be comped off of our account anyway by the M Life folks. However, the food was SO bland and tasteless, we were really put off.My girlfriend ate maybe 1/3 of her food and I about 2/3 (the hash browns and scrambled eggs were okay). At that point, we were done. Our waitress never came over to ask how everything was once. Finally, she came and without asking, simply picked up our plates.Here's the thing - if you were a server in a restaurant and one of your guests barely ate anything on her plate, wouldn't you be trained or even INCLINED to ask if there was a problem with the food? Not even a little bit? Nope; nada. She just picked up the plates and left.In the end, I asked to speak to the manager. It was a young guy, and when he asked what was wrong, I wasn't an ass about it, but I told him I couldn't remember a worse meal in recent memory in Las Vegas. He asked what specifically was wrong, and I told him whoever was in the kitchen didn't deserve to be working there - that we could have gone to McDonald's in the food court and had tastier food. I then explained that I'd ordered my steak medium rare and it was as pink as the sole on my Doc Martin. He said he wished we'd told him sooner, and then I mentioned that would be impossible since we hadn't seen our waitress the entire time we had our food except for when she came to collect the plates. I told him his staff was not good, nor were they intuitive to guests' needs at all - or they simply are use to this and don't care anymore.The manager was apologietic and asked us to give them another chance during our weekend, and I explained that honestly, in Vegas, where there are SO many GOOD choices of exciting restaurants that there was virtually no margin for this type of horrible service. I was frank, and told him we wouldn't be coming back. At that point, he took the check, said he'd take care of it and walked away; it was obvious that he'd dismissed us and that it was over.Regardless of whether a meal is going to be comped or not - and there is no way for a kitchen staff to know anyway - NO restaurant in Vegas should be content with this, and no management team should be okay with it. Shame on Luxor too, for not being aware that this is happening in one of their prime food locations.I'd avoid Public House at Luxor completely; you can do much, much better than to waste a Vegas meal opportunity here.
3	Happy Hour Review (daytime currently runs from 2-6pm Monday through Friday and includes several $5 small plates, a couple of $3 beers and half price specialty cocktails): We happened upon Public House while checking out what's new and exciting South Strip. There were large happy hour signs beckoning us in and, hey, we were hungry and thirsty so, why not? We sat at one of the two bar tops (if I recall correctly, they only offer happy hour at the bars and adjacent tables). Service was quick, the food and drinks were tasty and a good deal. So, why the 3 stars? Maybe it was an off day but, quite a few people on staff seemed unhappy, particularly with one another and it was pretty tangible, enough so that it affected the experience. Hopefully, this is not typical because we did enjoy the food and drink and, overall the service was fine but it certainly didn't feel relaxed in any way.We may give Public House another shot down the road but, there are so many great places to go that its likely to be lower on the list.
5	We struggled finding good, non-buffet, food while in Vegas.  I wish we would've tried this place sooner.  We were pleasantly surprised at how reasonably priced it was for being a casino restaurant.  Even more surprising was the good food!  There were many more things on the menu that I would have loved to try.  My husband had the jumbalaya and I had steak frites.  Both were excellent, as was the fried mac-n-cheese we had for an appetizer.
3	If you find yourself stranded in a casino (namely, Luxor) between the hours of 2-6 or 11-2, then go grab some $5 and half-off specialty cocktails here. The drinks are regularly $13.50, and the hummus plate was more than filling.
5	Extensive beer and alcohol selection. Out appetizers were great, but the public house nachos were fantastic.    Ask for Stephanie she's great!We'll stop by next time we're at the Luxor.
1	I honestly cannot believe there are so many good reviews about this place. I have been to this establishment twice. The first time, I thought maybe it was just a fluke that the food SUCKED. The second time, I decided to never go back for a third time.  Although, both trips were late-night adventures. The most recent venture started with the hostess not being able to be bothered to hand us the late-night menus or seat us. The food menus are extremely small and do not offer any healthy options. The bartender was absent for our whole stay and I was not offered a refill. I would not go back for a third time.
2	We came in because the $49 travelzoo voucher. It was busy for a weeknight, I actually needed the reservation I made to keep us from waiting. We began with beers - Weihenstephaner for us both since  ($13ea), then selected the philly cheesesteak springrolls ($11) and the mac n cheese bites ($9) to get started. We both had the filet mignon sliders ($25 ea) for the main course.The spring rolls aren't spring rolls but they were pretty good. Tender bites of meat and lots of green pepper flavor. The mac n cheese wasn't very cheesy, but we liked the bites well enough. The sliders seemed to be everyone's favorite here on yelp, so we ordered two. We asked for both to be prepared medium, but they were WELL done. Perhaps if they were so overdone they'd be tender and juicy. These were dry most of the flavor was imparted from the onions and cheese.This was no $96 meal. Our voucher got us a $47 comp. We paid $3.97 in taxes so that brings the total damage to $52.97. This was no $50 meal. I can't recommended at full or discounted price. At least, service was prompt and friendly.
2	Cocktails (orange crush and rum punch) and appetizers (cheesesteak spring rolls and kettle nachos) were really good. But we were very disappointed in the entrees. The steaks frites was 5 small stripes of steak and a bucket of frozen French fries. The halibut was over cooked with no seasoning and a side of mushy squash and zucchini. Doesn't seem to be worth $23+ each even for a casino. Glad we had a travel zoo voucher to cover it. Come for the cocktails and appetizers but definitely go elsewhere for dinner.
1	Overpriced food wasn't that great plus when we were seated there were chicken bones all over the floor and it sat there the whole time we sat at this establishment.  I will not come back to this mediocre place with bad service.
4	I was weary after seeing the # of stars this place currently has, and after a few disappointing meals on the strip, my expectations were low..... but this turned out to be great! Even worth paying strip prices. Stopped in for lunch and it was pretty dead. There's about 12+ TV's scattered about, all playing various games. *rolls eyes* Annoying, but whatever. Ordered the kettle chip "nachos" and the pastrami on rye to share, and they were both excellent! Big, big portions, so I would recommend sharing an entree if you order an app. I would definitely eat here again.
4	We came here for drinks once we saw how long the line at LAX was.The hotel gives guests a BOGO drink voucher so I went for the Mango Limeaidmilagro tequila, homemade mango limeaide, orange and lime wheelThe man got the Berry Good Lemonadestoli blueberi vodka, lemonade, splash of cranberry juiceBoth were really really good and $11 for both was a great price on the strip.In fact it was the cheapest and best drink I had the whole weekend and for that I'm a fan.We came to late to eat but we saw alot of food coming out and it looked good!The burgers were fat and juicy looking, portions generous, I would have eaten here instead had I known.Service at the bar was great, both bartenders on top of their game.Good music, spacious and clean, nice place.
2	They have a happy hour that starts at 11pm, so we dropped in for some drinks/apps. Our waiter was a fucking zombie. I don't remember his name, but he was dead behind the eyes and slightly creepy. And you have to be pretty creepy for me to think you're creepy. All of their signature drinks were on special for happy hour, but every single one of them was some sugary concoction. Figured I'd play it safe and get a mojito... but they were out of mint. He asked if I still wanted one, clearly ignoring the fact that mint is what makes a mojito work so well. I got some blueberry lemonade thing (at my chick's insistence). It was so sweet my face puckered. Time for some appetizers! The cheese steak spring rolls sounded great... except that they're egg rolls, not spring rolls (learn the difference, guys!), and they consisted entirely of meat shoved into a fried egg roll. That was it. The picture they showed made them look delicious, what with all the cheese and steak and onions and gooey innards slowly oozing out. This... this was gross. Like, something AM/PM would serve gross. The mac-and-cheese squares were ok. Too much breading. I want to taste the mac and cheese, not all the fried crap around it. I suppose if I'd been drunken these might've been better. Keep that in mind if you plan on stopping in here.
4	My first time in Vegas. In town for the NCB show. Myself and two of my coworkers were put up at the Luxor by our gracious boss. We all instantly gravitated towards the bar at the Public House. Jay was a superstar bartender and made us feel at home. Aaron (or Erin?) was very Proffesional and took very good care of us. Overall my time spent at the Public House will be remembered for the rest of my life. Thank you!!!
2	Service is spotty, we had a bartender reading a book about juicing while out drinks sat empty but another bartender when he wasn't on break was fabulous.Drink prices are high, as expected.We ordered french fries which were alright but nothing to write home about.
2	I generally avoid bars inside casinos...I was certainly into the Public House when they opened though.  They had excellent beer, great screens for viewing, lots of solid food options, and an incredible staff.  ...Fast-forward.  My last couple of experiences have fallen flat.  Specifically the food is not at the same standard, and the service since has been either understaffed or inconsistent.
5	Fun place to grab a bite to eat! The food is good and the drinks are even better. Check in with FourSquare and get half off specialty cocktails!
1	The food was not bad. We went for happy hour. I personally recommend the braised beef tacos. The service on the other hand was wretched. We sat at the bar. The bartender, "Dolce" was the name on the receipt, acted as if her farts smelled like roses and hated being there. She also had the personality of a brick wall. It seemed as if she thought she doing us some giant, inconvenient favor by taking our order. She was accompanied by a bar-back who had a similiar too-cool-for-school attitude. It was astonishing how poor the service was, as the place was not even busy. Having worked in the industry, it was difficult for me to leave a poor tip. But then I thought she probably does not know what a good tip looks like. It was a pleasant surprise to go to a different joint on the Strip later in the evening and talk to bartender who had worked with her before. He confirmed that is how she always acts, and is surprised she has not been fired!
5	This place was very good!! I had the deep fried mac & cheese and was really really good. My BF had the wings and was sooooooo happy with them, they were crispy and seasoned just right!! For our entree I had the Pastrami Sandwich and that was delish best I have ever had. My BF had the halibut and he was more than satisfied, cooked to perfection and he loved the veggies.
3	We came here to grab a few drinks and a small bite to eat after our tour of the Bodies exhibit.  My sister and I had the fried mac and cheese which was delicious and the philly cheese steak egg rolls, also very delicious.  I had the pineapple martini which was really good too.  We mostly ended up here because the hotel offered free drink coupons and they have a good happy hour specials as well.
5	After an exhausting day at the office and not having time for lunch I found Public house. I was greeted by an  amazing young beautiful woman Monique. She was extremely  professional and polite, I let her know I needed a beer and a hardy light meal considering it was late and I had early consultations the following day. She recommended an amazing beer and even better salad.  Her recommendation was amazing but her service was even better. I will reccomend my firm and have them demand to sit in her section. Sincerely A hard to please customer.
4	Had the meatloaf with sweet potato mash and a ton of peas!! Great portions! Great dish! Large selection of beers at the bar! If you stay at Luxor on a birthday special you get a free meal here!
5	Love this place.....unpretentious, fun and reminds me of NYC.  Make sure to order "THE DOUGIE" french dip sandwich which pairs great with a dirty martini.  The five stars is for being my favorite place to go after a weekend pool party...I can keep my sunglasses on and max out the best bar food on the strip without worrying about judgement. Ask for Declan or Jon.
5	My husband and I were on May 10, we had a fantastic time, the food, and drinks were great. Travis the manger came over and asked how our meal was!! Really nice service.
4	I visited the Public House in early May. We had a nice, relaxing dinner. My girlfriend was a little disappointed in her meatloaf, but I enjoyed my meal (although I've forgotten what I ordered). Service was good.
4	So stopped in here before the Criss Angel Cirque show, told our server the show started at 930pm so wanted to make sure we were out by then, no problem!!Loved my Public House Burger served with sweet potato fries( l love sweet potato fries!) and burger was amazing!! Really don't understand why people complain about prices here and other places in Vegas, hello you are on the Strip!! Anyways, had a great experience here!! Thank you Public House!ps was the perfect meal pre show!!
5	It really doesn't get any better than this in terms of Sports Restaurants,The pretty hostesses are always friendly at the door and service has been attentive for me on several occasions. There are TVs everywhere you look so you will never miss a game and can constantly check on all the other games simultaneously. The appetizer Cheese steak Spring rolls are delicious as well as many of the other dishes, but I really enjoy the "Dougie" the thinly sliced French Dip! Also, make sure to try the fries, seriously some of the best in town! Save room for dessert because the cookie smash is seriously SO worth it! Its simple and perfect!
3	Vegas has great gastropubs setting the bar high with innovative food, huge beer selections and cool ambiance.  Public House is OK but fails to hit the stratospheric mark set by others.Note: This review is for the Midwest chain "Public House " at Luxor NOT the stand alone at the Venetian.  To the core of the gastropub, the beer.  Weak selection with less than 20 on tap, 20 in bottles.  Very few unique microbrews or craft beers.  PBR and the werewolf killer reign supreme.The food; aggressive flavors, lots of fatty, fried goodness, just lacking wow factor.   The best sellers: Spicy braised short rib tacos.  Spicy, flavorful, braised then shredded short ribs with siracha and greens served with a side of creamy guacamole and salsa.  Delicious but very wet from excessive braising liquid in the taco.Cheese steak spring roll (steak, chipotle peppers, jalapeno jack cheese all rolled up in a crispy spring roll skin and deep fried golden brown) gooey goodness but one dimensional even with the house made spicy ketchup.Buffalo shrimp (breaded, deep fried jumbo shrimp with a bleu cheese and buffalo hot sauce) definitely good eats.  Over cooked and rubbery but somehow welcomed as pub grub.  Filet mignon sliders.  Nice.  Thick cut pieces of medium well filet topped with deeply caramelized onions and bleu cheese in a sweet but somewhat dry Maui onion brioche.  A-OK.A great place to catch a game.  Fun and friendly service.  Lots of promotions and a great happy hour.  Foodies may want to look elsewhere for a great gastropub experience.
5	From management down the food was excellent the service was great. We were served promptly and treated like family. Over all amazing experience.
5	Our time at the Public House was fantastic! They have creative appetizers, delicious drinks, great prices (reverse happy hour).......and Karaoke!!!! We had a great time recently and enjoyed the company of great bartender-esses Stephanie and Jamie! True to Vegas, some "interesting" people showed up.....made for great laughs! Go to public house for fabulous drinks, good, service and singing!
4	Started out rough. I sat in bar area for 1/2 hour without service, so walked up to the bar where the staff were friendly and offered to take my order.  Little disappointing; they didn't know know how to make old fashioned--in Vegas!  As the night went on, however, I had some of their signature drinks--the rum punch was outstanding.  I also had the burger which was one of the best burgers I had in Vegas.  Overall, not too bad.
5	This is a great place to hang out. The bartenders are friendly & their not-your-typical-bar-food grub is to die for! Tip: get the duck confit fries-Amazing!
4	Wow...that is one GIANT screen.  As someone who squints to read the street names at a stoplight, I can definitely appreciate a HUGE screen to watch a Sunday night football game.  That thing is AMAZING.Public House has a great selection of beers and even carries a Gluten Free beer, which I was SO excited about!  As for the prices...I'd say considerably overpriced - $10 for a Guinness draft...really?  I know it's the strip...but we're at the Luxor people, not Bellagio.  A good beer bar should always err on the side of reasonable pricing, because people will absolutely have that 1 or 2 extra if they don't have to cringe a bit for every pint.We ordered wings and sliders - the prices were a bit bloated here as well, but consistent with any other strip sports bar.  The wings were actually very good, as were the sliders, so no cringing there.  My girlfriend had the steak salad, which was also very good - just be sure to get the dressing on the side, it's loaded with blue cheese and dressing, which can weigh the whole thing down.What really stuck out was our bartender, Jamie.  She was very personable, had good beer knowledge, and even though the Chargers were dampening my mood, she brightened up our night!  Good food and good beer are one thing, but a great bar staff makes ALL the difference. We'll be back.
1	Sorely disappointed. Waitress was nice and helpful. Decided on the filet mignon sliders with fries. Ordered it to be done to medium. When it came out the fries were cold so the waitress kindly brought new ones which were slightly warmer. However I had high hopes for the sliders. My mistake. They were cooked to medium rare at best. The buns were also cold. For $24 I expected to get what I asked for. Spoke to the manager who seemed quite indifferent and sent the rest of the food away with her. The waitress came back and they had taken $14.25 off of the tab. So it still cost me a total of $15.40 plus tip (wasn't the waitress' fault) for a horrible last dinner in Vegas. Again, sorely disappointed. Won't be back here again and don't recommend it either.
1	Well... This was our second, and LAST time at this place... We were looking for a place to have lunch at Luxor where we gambled and shopped today. It was about 2:20 pm on Sunday. This is a long Veterans day weekend. We were offered a Hangover brunch menu which was fine. We ordered the steak and eggs dish for me and a sandwich for my husband. I also ordered some coffee, which came in a PAPER cup...!!! This was supposed to be a place that is at least one step above McDonald's, right? I was stunned, because everything else was much fancier, like nice glasses for water, atmosphere and all.. I didn't want to sound difficult or anything, I just wanted a regular coffee cup, but when Iasked for it i was told they had them put away... ???!! I also had no spoons or other utensils on our table, and even after the paper coffee cup was brought noone thought of bringing me a spoon... Had to ask another waiter for it... And even when he finally brought the spoon it never crossed their mind to bring us forks and knives to eat with... Basically, we had to ask for every little thing to make us eat comfortably...The dish took about half an hour to get to our table, and of course, the steak was burnt... At that point we were just so hungry and tired of waiting, that all I wanted was to eat and get out of there..I am not even mentioning the fact that when my husband said he didn't eat pork the waitress didn't offer to substitute it with chicken or something, and ended up charging the same price for a meatless version of his dish.. Needless to say that on a 30 something dollar bill we gave only a $2 tip for the terrible service and food we got. I hope they read this and improve, otherwise they would lose all the customers- there are plenty of places around to eat in Vegas!
3	Only chose this place because 1. I don't go for food court meals for dinner and 2. I didn't want to fuss with more driving. We just finished watching a show and this place was conveniently located right at the Luxor too. The appetizers I ordered cheesesteak spring rolls and short rib tacos, looked good on paper and looked good on the plate.. But taste wise failed to deliver for me.  Tasted generic... spiced ketchup is just a fancy way of saying it's bottled bbq sauce.  Saw our server 3x during our time there. That's all I've got to say about that.Check total $60 for apps drinks not too bad.  Good thing we had great company and got caught up on Thursday night football. So our dining experience here wasn't a total loss.
5	Great experience.  We went here because of the "buy one get one" coupon and were throughly pleased. Our server Edith was so friendly and accommodating. Definitely recommend for drinks; we didn't eat so I can't comment on the food.
3	Cool place.
3	Decent food for a sports bar. Calamari was crispy and I liked the fried jalapenos and red peppers that came with it. The aioli was also well done. We also ordered the mussels. It was a tad overcooked so the mussels were kind of tough. The sauce was good, but could've used more herbs and the bread should've been more toasted, in my opinion.
2	I thought that this was going to be my go to place during this visit ti LV.  Sat down and they didn't have one good beer only coors light.  Come to find out they are closing for good on November 24.  The hostess didn't make mention of this fact so the waitress got an earful, not her fault but she was the one there to listen.  The service was good. Hopefully she gets a job somewhere else..  Good luck!
3	Great place to stop and have a drink or two while waiting for someone or getting better wifi reception than in your room at Luxor. Great service but nothing special, it might be different when watching a game, but I didn't experience that.
4	We were bind on time and boy they served us quick. We were in and out like no tomorrow!!! Thank you. Overall the food was really good and it was a nice casual place. Ordered the sea bass, scallop, mac cheese, and bone marrow.
3	This place is decent. Located inside the Luxor, there is lots of room to sit and enough screens to catch a game on if necessary. The service is not too bad. They seem to be very on top of things and attentive. They offer a large variety of beers. Food was ok though. Nothing too special about the short rib tacos I had ordered. I was hoping they would be a bit more juicy and tasty but unfortunately they seem to be pretty bland and oozing of some sort of oil. I loaded them up with guacamole and drizzled some of their salsa that wasn't very spicy at all. We also ordered the buffalo shrimp just because they were all over their yelp. That was actually pretty good. Crispy fried jumbo shrimp with some tasty buffalo hot sauce. They def didn't taste very fresh but I guess my hunger just said to eat it so I can get back to gambling and drinking. Public house.... been there and done that.. on to the next.
1	Gonna make this short. Told the waiter it was my birthday. It was my 21st. Our bill was over 400$ and it was for three people. The price i don't care about. But just because there is a party of 20 next to us does not mean you can simply ignore us. I asked for lemons literally 4 times. Asked for bread 3 times. He couldn't explain ANYTHING on the menu that we asked him for. And he charged me for an extra drink "by accident". I don't know if the server thought I was an idiot or if I was just naive but I work at a shitty little hole in the wall on LA and my manager would be livid if he knew we ignored a guest who spent a good amount. The servers name was Juan and I will make sure to avoid this place next time passing through the Luxor.
3	A very average (3 stars) pub. Grabbed a few beers here some of my coworkers and did enjoy the time. The servers were really friendly (Las Vegas generally does customer service well.... Everyone is a guest), but the appetizers weren't great. Actually I couldn't eat the calamari and the nachos were ok. Recommend for a quick drink, not for the food.
1	$90 for an undrinkable cocktail, raw potatoes, two wedge salads with close to no dressing or toppings that were upside down for the sake of presentation(at a sports bar, are you serious?), an overly fatty rib eye which was at least cooked close to my specifications(I asked for rare and got medium-rare), and a bowl of chicken and corn chowder, which I was told was actually good, so at least there is that. Server was gone for long periods of time, including the time between taking our drink orders and us actually getting those drinks and having a chance to order, and the time after we ordered and received our food, while other server's customers were eating, who had shown up after we ordered. So yeah, that was my experience. If you want a bowl of chicken and corn chowder, don't mind possibly having to wait for quite a while, and are fine with ordering a beer, since I'm pretty sure all the bartenders here know how to do is poor beers, then this is the place for you.Both me and my partner had to flip our salads upside-down, order more bleu cheese dressing, and even then there were literally only two cherry tomatoes which was enough for four bites since they were cut in half,  and only enough bacon for a few bites, which was the quality of Bacos,  and probably actually was Bacos.Seriously though, how do you serve raw fingerling potatoes? It takes like no time to cook them! They are the easiest potatoes in the world to cook!
2	Atmosphere is cool, staff is great and on top of it but the food left much to be desired. Crab salad an pulled pork sandwhich needs seasoning. The shrimp and spinach dip app was pretty tasty but ITS kinda hard not to be with all the sauces and componets. Its ok to be loud. Great TV'S and drinks. Try the fire ball.
2	Food was only ok but the real problem was the service.  Our waitress was obviously not into waitressing on this particular day. It took about 2 hours to get a burger and a beer (the special).  The actual beer took a good 45 minutes to make it to the table.  What?!? I can see the bar from here and nothing is happening. Where is my bud light ?!?
1	Dear Lord. We've been sitting here 45 minutes and got 1 drink and still no food. IT'S SATURDAY. And it's EMPTY.  We are only staying to see how long it takes at this point. Completely horrible experience. I may not stay at the hotel again I'm so upset.
5	The food was just good but our server Monique was adorable, friendly and attentive.Her fellow server, Brian?, I think his name was equally friendly and attentive. When one of our plates came out not to our liking Brian took it upon himself to personally make sure the food came out hot, instead of passing the buck saying "Let me get your server" he helped out Monique and was glad to do so.I will be back to try more of the food, however the drink specials were a little bit on the pricey side. I had $11 patron margarita that was delicious but served in a small glass. Thanks Monique & Brian! =)
2	We decided to eat here because we were staying at the Luxor and didn't want to brave the heat .If you have  time to burn this is the place . Service is really slow waited 15 mins for our drinks. the appetizers took 40 mins for the wings and another 10 for the Mac squares . Out meals came out an hour and 10 after we ordered it . The table behind us called the manager over to complain that they hadn't got there meal and that we order 20 mins after they did . I expected the meals to be something more than ordinary but they fell short there too. I will not be coming back .
4	Aaron you have awesome customer service skills and also to the brunette bar tender!  You guys are awesome although the nacho's was a feat that crushed my confidence because of the large portion i will be sure to bring backup next time. Made a few friends too gregg and mariam from cali and mark from nm! Hope you see this hit this place up with a good review!
4	Good food for a decent (Vegas strip) price. Love their huge selection of beers. The burger is great for under $20. Always quick seating. The Luxor coupon book had a BOGO free on beers. We ate there several times during our stay. Try the 5-7pm happy hour specials.
4	Great menu selection at good prices for this area. The seared Halibut is delicious.   My cobb salad was huge!  TVs all around and upbeat music.  It's a bit of an echo so the noise level is somewhat loud, but I had no problem chatting with my party.  Give it a try.  I will continue to come here when in Vegas.
5	Had the Salmon Burger while I sat at the bar...cooked perfectly...they put your condiments on the side...perfect!! Bartenders were great!! Always checking up on me...Thursday Night Football night....dining room was relatively full while the bar had customers that came and went, but was a perfect seat for the game!
3	Meh. Some of the food given to us was actually fit more for compost. So they don't have good standards in the kitchen. My first ice tea was cloudy and thick. My fish was half yucky. The celery on the wing plate was actually rotten! What food that was good was decent but barely.
4	Great atmosphere. Lots of TVs. Not too crowded when we went.  Fish tacos were good but messy.  Flat iron steak sandwich was perfect! Delicious. Our server, Monique, was very good, too.  Been to Public House in Fort Lauderdale.  This one was definitely better.  Different menu, too
5	came here for happy hour. plenty of big screen TVs with multiple sports on to watch. the cocktails were really good and our server was very friendly. she came by every 5 mins to check on us. it wasn't very crowded or loud. the wings were excellent! the sauce made it great. overall a great place to have drinks/apps and watch the game.
4	Food Is good. Service is slow. Large salads and sandwiches  with plentiful sides. Burger was cook ed as ordered. Their special sauce is killer good. Peppery spicy alone but on the burger is fantastic.  Cuban sandwich is large and filling and delicious. Brownie Ala mode is enough for two, maybe three. Order dessert only if you are not pressed for time. Took over 30 min to get dessert menu, order and stated eating.  It will take 1 hour for entree and another for dessert. Hard to get into a lunch hour.
2	They got me with the huge Happy Hour banner outside of the bar.  Happy hour on a Saturday starting at 4pm and it was 3:56pm?  Yes, please!We sat down and waited 5 minutes but there was only a bartender for the entire bar, bar tables and lounge area.  I went to the bar to get the menu and the bartender apologized but said there was a waitress for that area.   We chose what we wanted and there was still no sight of our waitress, so my Hubs went to the bar to order.  In that time, our waitress came back to the lounge area.  My Hubs had been standing in line at the bar for 10 minutes before he got to the front of the line.  When the bartender saw she had returned, he sent him away instead of just entering the order.  After our waitress took our order, the drinks arrived 13 minutes after and the food another 10 minutes after that.  Yes, I was so agitated at this time that I had started a draft review.  Everyone who was there had drinks and there was only 2 other couples waiting to place their drinks.  I'm pretty steamed at this time, BUT they could have redeemed themselves on the food!We got the mac and cheese squares that everyone had raved about, the philly spring rolls and the kettle chip nachos.  The kettle chip nachos could easily have fed a good 4 people.  I liked the crunch of the chips and the cheese sauce but the short ribs on the nachos were not that great.  I can't place my finger on if it wasn't salted enough but I'll give it to them...the meat was very tender.  The philly spring rolls were meaty, cheesy and crunchy.  Those were definitely my top choice in the 3 we ordered.  The mac and cheese looked great, had a amazing breaded crunch but failed in taste.  My Hubs described it as "deep fried butter noodles," which is spot on.  There was no oozy cheese sauce or cheese flavor at all.  I ate half a square and did not finish the rest.  We ended up leaving most of that dish behind. Might be back for the nachos & spring rolls if we are gambling in this casino again but I would definitely not purposely come here to eat.  In the time we were there, we saw another group sit, wait and then give up and leave.  If you must, I would advise you to sit at the bar...the bartender was a pretty fast fellow and he owned his part of the bar.
2	Basically mediocre bar food at premium prices. The appetizer (artichoke dip) and fish tacos kinda tasted the same, bland. Guacamole and salsa that came with the tacos were probably made quite a bit earlier because the guacamole was already a dark green and the salsa tasted stale.
5	We were looking for a smoke-free location on the Las Vegas strip to watch a college football game. Of the 20 that we considered, the Public House was BY FAR the best and perfect choice!  The friendly staff was understanding, seating very comfortable, and food, while not amazing, was perfect for the situation. The fact that our team won in overtime was a major plus as well!  We HIGHLY RECOMMEND the Public House as the #1 smoke-free game-watching location on the Las Vegas Strip!
4	Stopped for dinner between table games.  Great prices and good food.  Service was great.  I had a Greek Salad in a wrap.  It was super tasty but definitely should have gotten the dressing on the side because it was so thin and fell out the bottom of the wrap as I was eating it. Someone else at our table had kettle ships and they were amazing.  I don't know if they make them there but they were the best ever.  The fries I got were k, but I opted for my table mate's chips instead. They have lots of tvs, one huge wall of tvs which I think would be so much fun for football.
5	This restaurant and bar looks small and unassuming from the outside but their atmosphere in the lounge and food are great! The staff is very friendly and accommodating and their kettle chip nachos are the best nachos I have ever had.
4	if  ur at luxor & like sports bars, it is a go to spot. hit happy hour & u miss the strip prices, clean which helps
1	If, after hosting a group of people and booking a block of rooms, you desire to be treated like crap, go to the Public House at the Luxor. They will ignore your reservation, give away table after table, and fail to put in your food order. When you bring the problems to the attention of the manager in a polite manner, you will be greeted with a shrug of the shoulders and a view of a back as the manager just ignores you and walks away. Overall, a rating of 1 star is too generous.I forgot to mention that the food was also 1 star at best. Cold and seasoned in a weird way. Tasted like soap to 6different people.
1	Some pretty bad food here. Went the other day with my wife and kids looking for a quick and easy place to eat. I had no expectations, obviously I know that it's not a high end place, but I don't think that should stop it from being edible. There are a hundred restaurants that I can name that are not high end that are delicious, sadly this is not one of them. I ordered the fish and chips. It was a giant breaded fish on top of fries. It looked like a a little wooden paddle. The breading was thick, greasy and dry at the same time. Kind of a weird sensation in your mouth trying to figure out if you are eating fish or if the grease has just congealed into a disgusting blob. The rest really wasn't much better. I mean the kids had burgers. How hard is it to make a burger? It must be very hard because the burgers here were like some cafeteria bs. That's pretty much it. I would rather eat on an airplane or hospital.
