3	This 24 hour fitness location is damn crowded.  The classes fill up quickly, and parking can be a pain too.  So why come here.  It's the closest one!  They are located in a center with tanning salons and stuff like that.I've taken the TKB (Turbo Kick Boxing) classes here, and Pam and Mandy kick your butt for sure!  Mandy is about six months pregnant and you know if she can do it, you can too!  But dang, you feel like a complete slug compared to her and her plus one!This location also has a pool and basketball court, and definitely is open 24 hours.Overall, it's okay for a 24 hour fitness.  Some of their machines show some age, and they definitely pile them all close together to get more in.  But I'll keep on coming here until they build one closer to me.
3	Decent facility.Could be cleaner in the locker rooms.This location gets crowded, the neighborhood can get rough at night,  but it's the only one in the area.The facility is smaller than a lot of other 24 Hour Fitness locations, but they have one of the most efficient layouts I've seen.
3	You've heard about those yogurts that are suppose to help balance your digest track right?   Something about probiotics.http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ProbioticYours truly thought mass amounts of this stuff would be a good thing since it should counterbalance my recent diet of grease and alcohol.WOW, not one of my better ideas -- I over did it and had yogurt coming out of my . . . you know.I've decided to take a more balance approach to getting healthy for the New Year: portion control and exercise.Well, it's closer to the more I eat the longer I have to run on the treadmill.But that makes sense right?Anyways, Enter 24 Hour Fitness.Here's what I saw:-- a bunch of exercise bikes, treadmills, and elliptical machines located on the second floor-- swimming pool is two really long lap lanes-- weight room is on the main floor and has enough space and equipment so that folks don't have to share-- a basketball courtThe best thing about this location was it wasn't crowded when I went and I was able to finish my workout in about an hour.So I'll be back as soon as the soreness in my legs subside.
3	This 24 Hour Fitness location is just ok.  It's pretty small and it gets VERY crowded around quitting time (5-7 pm).  It's very difficult to find open benches and the cardio equipment gets locked up as well.The last time I went there, there was some jerk off in the parking lot running around asking everyone who went into the gym for five bucks because he ran out of gas.  He was out there for a few hours (I kept checking on him from inside) and it made me feel a little uneasy because I left my wallet in my car.Some pros:* It's somewhat close to the (South) strip if you're here from out of town.* The equipment is new.  They use the Iron Grip rubber coated dumb bells and bar bells.* I think if you can go during off hours, you can get a good work out.* Even when it gets busy, I don't feel there are any kind of safety issues there.
5	Why I give this five star is because it's not as packed as lvac and people here are normal, unlike lvac which is packed of affliction tshirt wearing muscleheads
4	I'm not a resident of Las Vegas, but I am a frequent visitor. I stayed at my parents "timeshare" which is a quarter mile up the street (Worldmark). If there is a 24 hour fitness nearby, I would rather go to it than workout in a cramped "fitness room" at any hotel or condo.That made this gym perfect. There's a lot of food options nearby as well.All the cardio equipment is upstairs, which I am not really a fan of since it's hotter upstairs, but it is more logical what with the available space to not put the free weights upstairs. Oh well, think of it as a sauna cardio workout. Sweat all that water weight off.The weight selection is good, though there is a shortage of benches, but there are many other options in machines. I went during the mornings, so I can't speak of the after 5 pm crowd.The aerobics room is upstairs, too. They have a basketball court to the left.Get ready for a lot of arm-tattooed, ed hardy wearing people. It's Vegas, baby.Yes, I work out on vacation. A steady diet of casino buffets, and everyone wants to go to a pool party? Of course I am hitting the gym.
2	Overcrowded, poorly maintained equiptment, and no towel serviceI've been a member of gyms here in Vegas, and back home in Chicago, and this is by far the worst one yet.  Much of the staff doesn't seem happy to be there, and are certainly much friendlier when trying to sell you on supplements and personal training sessions.A gym shouldn't smell like your clothes after a good workout, this one does.You shouldn't have to wait for a machine since the other two are "Out of Service," you do here.LVAC is way better and similarly priced, The only draw back to the Las Vegas Atheltic Club is that none of them have a basketball court, the 24 Hour Fitness on Sahara does.
3	It is what it is... a gym and not anything else. That's how I like my gyms. I like to go in, do my thing and leave. Stuff that I need: pool/steam/sauna, treadmill, elliptical, and yoga. this location has all of those amenities. Pool - It's only two lanes and they use chlorine. I wish it were bigger so I don't feel the waves of the water pushing back from the walls. I use a cap so the chlorine doesn't damage my hair that much. Sauna/Steam/Hot tub - kinda gross: hot tub - on a good day after cleaning it looks great, but on a bad day, there is foam and build-up. do people wash themselves in here? yuck steam room- I think it's been out of order a couple of times, but I've not gone in for a while. But when I have, people pour water on the sensor thingy to activate the steam, although I think it's timed now. People also open the door to try to activate thinking when it drops to a certain temperature, it will start steaming...which is not the case. it also smells funky sometimes... sauna - no complaints cardio machines - not the newest but serves its function. I wish there were tvs on each machine, but the radio transmission is on the 6 screens mounted from the ceiling. the channels they are on are random and change frequently. they will always be 2-4 screens on sports. yoga - I lost a really nice watch in here the last time I did yoga on a Monday night. needless to say, it was not returned. the instructors vary and the classes are ok. with my schedule, I wish there were later classes like at 8pm. It's close to work and home and I get a work discount.
3	I came here as an out of town visitor because I needed to workout. The cardio equipment is basically upstairs while all the machines and weights are downstairs. This 24 hour fitness has really old equipment, especially the bicep curl machines. The upstairs is actually really hot. There is not enough ventilation. 24 hour fitness should actually spend some money and replace many of their antiquated machines.
3	Its a gym that has what you need. Nothing extravagant about this place. cardio machines are upstairs and weights are downstairs. I love this place because it is near my house. I love that I can hit the sauna after a intense workout. The spinning class is really good too.
3	While I prefer going to the Rainbow and Alta 24 more than this one, this location is closer to my house.  So when I'm too lazy to drive further, I'll go to this one.  Now you're probably wondering how I could not be lazy to workout yet too lazy to drive to a farther one, and I would love to explain it to you, but it's quite complex and long-winded within the context of this review.Your standard 24 hour gym here.  Weights downstairs, cardio upstairs.  Basketball court is bigger than the Rainbow and Alta one, but that's about the only advantage it has.  The pool/spa area has regular maintenance times, so plan accordingly.  This place basically has everything that a gym should have and you can get a great workout here.Couple bad things though.  While they upgraded the cardio machines upstairs, most of the weight machines downstairs have been there for awhile.  How long?  Let's just say that a lot of the machines have been there for as long as I have been going there, dating back to its grand opening around 10 years ago.  While they still work, it's not uncommon to see out-of-order signs on them, and it does take the staff awhile to fix them.  Also, what happened to all the barbell collars?  There aren't enough pairs, and you have to rely on dumb luck to find a pair to use.  Why are people stealing weight collars?  What could you possibly do with them?  Quit stealing the weight collars!  You can tell the staff tried replacing the lever-type ones they normally use with the cheaper squeeze-based ones, but there still aren't enough for all the barbells.In conclusion, this is a basic, well-functioning gym.  It is aging a bit compared to other 24 locations, but it has what you need for a workout.PROS:Functional gym.  Has everything needed for a good workout.Upgraded cardio machines.Large basketball court with six hoopsCONS:Dated weight machines.  Broken machines take a long time to repair.Smaller, so it gets crowded more easilyWhere the hell are all the weight collars?I can't find the medicine balls, ughTHE VERDICT:  A good gym.  Not bad, not great.  I go here when I'm too lazy to drive to the Rainbow and Alta location.
4	just got here from california and seems like all the equipment here are newer and in better condition.  I usually go late at night, so havent had any issues with the gym being crowded.Havent tried any other 24hr in the vegas area....but so far its better than most in california.
4	I'm from out of town on vacation in Las Vegas!! With all the eating, drinking, partying etc. I'm glad I was able to still go to the gym and not pay extra for the fitness center in my hotel.GPS helped me find this place (thanks tom-tom!) and boy!! This place looks huge on the outside! Friendly workers greeted me as I entered, thanked me when I signed in through finger print. First thing I noticed was the huge staircase smack dab in the middle of the gym, leading to the cardio floor. Downstairs had all the free weights and machines, including the cable machine in it's own corner. Upstairs, the abs equipment and cardio machines. The cycle room was also upstairs, sort of hidden and the studio room even more hidden around the corner!Very spacious gym, and i definitely got a good work out at this gym. This gym, I believe is closest the strip, so come here when you're vacationing and do not skip out on your workout!
1	I HATE this gym. The ladies locker room is atrocious. I had the pleasure to witness a staff member being trained and the "trainer" told her trainee, "I just do a quick walk through once a shift and if it doesn't look too bad I just sign off". No wiping down of the counters, no replacing soap or paper towels? Really? It literally smells like dirt and not occasionally. It smells all the time. I understand locker rooms may/can have some odor associated with them, but it literally smells like I'm face down in a pile of dirt. It is in desperate need of a deep clean. The equipment that they have is bare minimum, but I don't feel the need for frills when I'm working out. What bothers me is that they regularly have multiple machines broken that don't get fixed for weeks on end. Four treadmills out of order when you only have sixteen treadmills to begin with is not cool. Even less cool is not having signage stating machines are out of order and me moving to find another machine that works and finding out that one doesn't work either. I've even mentioned the machine outages to the staff and come to find two weeks later that the same treadmills are still broken and still no signs informing me of such. I used to like this gym, but I refuse to go back. I'd rather drive a few miles down the road to go to a gym that has working equipment and clean locker rooms.
3	Its my local gym, its not usually too crowded, could be cleaner. $30 a month works for me. There is a lap pool, basketball court, and all other standard gym stuff.
4	The Good:  I enjoy going to the gym and while in Las Vegas I thought it would be a good time to hit the weights.  This 24 is a "sport" but feels small.  It's a two story but the top floor is like half a floor and mainly for cardio and group class.  The first floor is where the locker rooms, free weights and machines are.  The equipment looks new and is in great condition.The Bad:  Why can't all 24 Hour Fitness be the same?  Every time I go I can't find that one piece of equipment that I like.The Ben:  I'm sure all the Las Vegas "talent" goes to a super sport but I saw a few here and they stick out in a gym full of men.
2	So a gym is a gym. You can get stuff done regardless of other factors besides equipment and possibly other people taking up your machine. This gym is a little bit dirty. The toilets in the locker room are pretty disgusting and it smells. The locker room area could be cleaner; it has a dirty feel to it. The pool isn't that clean either, they have some stuff to work on. They have a decent amount of equipment to get stuff done but not that many things so if someone is on a machine or bench or whatever else, you're going to have to wait or be pals and workout in between each other's sets. Sometimes it smells and it's not necessarily the people around me. The have a limited number of 2.5's, 5's, and 10's which isn't that great. Not everyone can be macho men and that's a downside. Overall, it's a gym to workout. The environment needs some fixing up but they have equipment that seems well maintained enough.
2	I come to this place because it's the closest where i live. The place is not that bad but its really crowded on late afternoon. I always come here late at night and i guess swing shift employee are short, i mean i only see 1 person works everytime i come in here and that is one of the problem in this place. The "RESTROOM" It's so filthy and nasty. Everytime i used their bathroom there's so many crap around. I mean it's indescribable not worth mentioning. I'm hoping that they have a janitor or some sort that works at night. I have seen this white oldman that workout there a lot and a few times i seen him accessing their maintenance room. I assume he works there but i'm not sure if he is on duty. Please clean the damn toilets and restrooms. Can't help it there's so many rotten people around this place.
1	I use to come here faithfully, however there has been a string of locker break ins that the gym don't want you to know about. Well I am putting it out there. Bring nothing but your gloves as they are doing nothing to protect it's guest.
5	This has always been my place to go when I visit Vegas. Don't I mean DO NOT NOT go to the one on Eastern Avenue! Its a wanna be sport hahaaha. This place has friendly, knowledgeable staff. This was not the case last year, it looks like they fired the "lames". Its a bit crowded sometimes because everyone flocks from the other 24 hour fitness centers. But I like it because its away from the strip and I can go to the stores there and enjoy myself. So I'm impressed with the facility and the staff. good job 24 hour fitness.
3	I go so early in the morning it's normally not crowded! Because I do not like waiting to use equipment. Friendly desk staff, at least when I pop in... I like this place.
5	Brand new facilities, decent soundtrack, top notch spin room.
5	This gym is 10x better than all other 24 Hr Gym Sport's, in the entire SF Bay Area....... combined!They have every type of workout necessity you can ask forAlso a nicely sized lap pool and an awesome basketball gym. The level of play is high, but most if the players are actually quite cool3 stars overall average? That is a joke.One 'guy' was complaing that they didnt have enough 2.5 and 5 pound plates? OMG dude just stay home and stop giving awesome places a bad repY'all in LV are damn spoiled.......
4	Working out in Vegas?! Yes... it's a must.  With some hotels limiting your gym access, and me being too stubborn to pay up, I found this spot on a early morning at Vegas.  I don't think my 10 minutes on the treadmill will do much to help the damage I've done during a Vegas trip, but hey... any getting up and moving your body around will do! Very clean with the machines below and all the cardio/ab machines upstairs.  Their classes are upstairs also hidden on the left side.  I was able to check in with no problem and found my way upstairs easily.  I will be back! Thank you!
5	I went to the Agasi 24 hr so I don't know which location it was, but I believe its about few streets from the airport and the strip's hotels. Lovely prompt staff and clean gym. I'm not from LV but it was nice to stop by for quick run and weight on a holiday. Thanx.
5	As it good as it gets..California need to follow Nevadas lead. Clean, sleek ,modern and repeat Clean!
5	It's a lot of good things to say, this place it has everything you need, the child care area is very nice and clean. (my kids love this place) and so do I :) it has a lot of classes to go a lot of cardio equipment!! Staff is very friendly. This is the place for you.
4	I set this week in Vegas to be my off-week from the gym.  But with pool parties, I thought i'd at least hit some ab work.  I've been here before, so already knew the layout and what i'd be expecting.  The staff was friendly. The gym seems clean.  Members their rack the weight they use.  I think I got there at 11am, so safely it wasn't too crowded.
5	Love this gym. Everyone's so nice n helpful. No weird-o's stareing at you making you feel uncomfortable. Great equipment. Always go early in a.m. for best workouts
4	Always cleaning, staff very forthcoming. Prices pretty cheap!
3	Even when I'm on vacation, I need to work out... especially with all the Vegas buffets.  Of course I had to rely on 24 Hour Fitness for my workouts since the gyms in the casinos close early.  The Tropicana location was the closest to my hotel.  I was staying at Mandalay Bay at the time.My workouts consist of cardio and weight lifting.  The cardio room is located upstairs in a loft type environment.  The upstairs had high ceilings so I didn't feel so claustrophobic.  The machines are in good condition and there were plenty of treadmills, elliptical machines, and a number of stairmasters.  The weight lifting machines are downstairs. These machines could be newer.  The day after my first workout, I realized I had forgotten my clothes in the locker.  I came back and luckily my stuff was still there.  Overall, the gym was clean.  It had the necessary equipment.  I just think the weight machines and the locker room could use some updating.
1	I have been a member of 24 fitness for a year because I spend half my time in California as well as Las Vegas. I figure I can use the gym wherever I am since its a nationwide gym.my primary membership is with Las Vegas Athletic Club. I have been a member since 1994. In comparison, I think the tier membership for 24 hour fitness is totally ridiculous. I went to the 24 fitness on Rainbow/Alta just to check it out and I am told that this particular gym is a Super Sport and that my membership doesn't allow me to go there. To be fair, they allowed me to work out since I was already there, but it didn't say that anywhere on the outside of the building. Jeez, you would think that it was a David Barton gym or a Lifetime fitness. Nothing special. I dont even think it was a big deal when it was Q sports, but whatever.I do go to a gym in California.It suits my needs, but you even have to have an fm radio to listen to the tele. They definitely do not spend much on upgrades.in any event, I probably will not renew my membership once it expires in a year. MaybeI have just been spoiled by LVAC. I have never had any complaints about this great, local gym.
3	Just you average 24Hours Fitness Gym, You walk in and you forget what city your in cuz everyone looks the same.  With the 1980's color scheme.  I talk shit but i still go to 24 Hour all the time.  The 24 Hour at Silverado Ranch is the Nicest 24 Hour in Vegas.  Stay away from NorthEast Locations.
3	Used this location to work out while in Vegas for the Mr. Olympia Expo.  It was just down the street from our hotel (The Orleans.)  I wish the price would have been better, it was $15 ea. for my son and I which came to $90 for the trip.  (I know, I could have drank that in 3 hours on the strip!)  The gym was great for us, never too crowded during the day or later at night.  I would guess it is like any 24 hr Fitness with an equal balance between weights/cardio.  We prefer the weights more and I thought this place was sufficient.  The place was clean and we didn't see any naked old guys brushing their teeth, so that was a plus!  I would go back again.
3	I used to attend this gym because 24 hour fitness was always available anywhere I went.  But since I moved to Vegas and I lived close to the 24 hour on Tropicana thats the only one I could go to.  I hated it, so grungy, dirty, machines always malfunctioned, and I would have to wait to use a machine unless I went in at 5am.  I regret cancelling because I know I will need to go to 24hour again at some point but I was so over the dirty showers that had no doors, I felt like I needed a shower after showering there.
5	Yes, I work out while I'm in Vegas. Why pay $20 to use the hotel gym when you can use 24 Hour Fitness?HUGE two story building with a million cardio machines and large weight area for all you muscle heads.... Plenty of parking to boot!I'm fond of the TKB classes because their work out room is really large. The girl that taught November 10th in the morning was filled with energy, which helped since I was super jet lag!!
4	I've been coming here regularly for a couple years. Before, I was going to both the Sahara and Alta locations.+ Most of the staff are friendly and seem genuinely interested in maintaining a good gym. Kevin the manager is always interested in making improvements and will take care of any issues.+ Although the weight section is small and cramped compared to other locations, it's still a more reliable place to squat than other 24s in the city. They have one squat rack and one power rack.  Another larger and fancier 24 Hour has the same setup, however their power rack is often out of order due to the poor design of the pin system.+ As long as you're not being completely ridiculous and/or borderline destructive, you can get intense and make some noise without the staff making you tone it down. I use chalk on occasion with no problems, but make sure to clean my hands, weights, bar and the floor afterwards.+  There's a pull-up station on the 2nd cardio floor, and several spots to do pull-ups scattered all across the weight room.+ Their facebook page is very well done. However, I've grown to dislike facebook in general and rarely use it. Please start a twitter. :)+/- It's not in the greatest location. There were frequent theft issues a couple years ago (one of which I was a victim of myself). However, I haven't heard of any incidents lately.+/- 5 and 10 plates are not unacceptably low, but a few more pairs of each would be much more convenient.+/- The equipment selection is pretty good and makes the most of the space available, but I'd really like a t-bar machine and shrug machine.- The gym only has hex plates. Come on.- If you like to do barbell exercises off the floor, there's only a few spots to do them without blocking floor space which should be open for walking.I give the gym A- for effort and 7.5/10 overall. If the same staff had a bigger, better location to work with I'd give it a 9/10.
4	Clean facility, and quite large for a 24. The group x room is very large and spacious, but too bad there were only about 6 people the morning I went for a TK class. No lie, the instructor was full of energy, but I just wasn't fond of her style (nor the fact that she's about 7 rounds late and off beat at times), so I went off to work on the best way to instruct the newest TK round. She seemed slightly insulted that I left, but I gave her a smile and quick thank you...Anyway, equipment looks nice, clean, and modern. This is one of the better 24s I've been to...and no one gave me weird looks for spinning around and muttering "ARGH I MESSED UP AGAIN"
4	This 24-Hour Fitness does the trick when I'm in town.  Instead of paying the exorbitant hotel fees to use their gym, I come over here and I'm grateful that it's so close to the strip.This 24 Hour is pretty big--as big as some Super Sports I've been to.  Although the facilities and equipment feel a bit old, they are well maintained and cleaned.  It wasn't crowded at all when I came on a Saturday afternoon, which I guess is expected, so I can't speak for the rush hour crowd.  Overall, I enjoyed my workout session here and I will definitely drop by again when visiting the strip!
4	Busy, busy, busy....Located off Tropicana/Decatur, is one busy and crowded gym.  For a 24 Hour Fitness, it's an average sized gym.  Compared to LVAC, it's actually tiny.  Recently met up with Chad S (Duke of this 24 Hour Fitness) and Terri R. for a weeknight workout.  One thing about all three of us, we don't actually workout together. We check in, separate to do our own thing, and then meet up later.  That's how it should be.  No socializing, no chit chat...get your workout in and get out.  As I mentioned earlier, this gym is crowded.  I even had to park somewhat far.  This may be due to the fact it was Tuesday and around 7 PM.  Can also be due to the fact that it's fairly close to the strip.  Because it's crowded, you'll have to spot your next piece of equipment ahead of time. Once it opens up, rush to it and own it.  As for the equipment, I found everything in good working order.  My only issue is that the dumbbells only went up to 125 lbs.  For those heavy lift days, sometimes more is needed to really breakdown the muscle. As for the ambiance of the gym, I got a pretty good vibe here. Even though it was crowded, in this gym people were simply getting through their workouts which caused me to get through mine. I had one of those intense workouts this evening and if it takes a crowded gym to get motivated, then that's where I'll go.  This gym is equipped with the same amenities that the other 24's have like locker rooms, pool, basketball courts, free-weights, cardio (upstairs), and machines.  This wasn't my first time at this gym and definitely will not be my last. Whether it's meeting some friends for a workout or just trying to switch it up, I'm sure I'll be back.  Besides, might as well take advantage of what my membership has to offer which is access to all 24 Hour gyms.
4	I like this 24 hour fitness. It's close to my work, and super convenient for me. My membership is just about to expire and I'm debating whether to renew or not-so I'm taking a look at Las Vegas Athletic Club and $10 fitness. But for the last year I've been here, I've been pretty happy with this 24 hour fitness, I only got the regular membership, not the sports one that allows you to use the other Sports labeled 24 hours across the land. I've recently moved to another part of the city which is another big factor for me to discontinue my membership. The font staff here is always courteous and professional most of the time, with the occasional sales pitch (which is to be expected) Nice layout in general, good crowd lots of space. There were basketball courts I never used, and a lap pool, hot sauna, steam sauna as well as a hot tub. Those were reasons I originally signed up. Never got around to using the Hot tub because it was always crowded and I think I used the pool once. Used a lot of the free weights near the back, but at times during rush, the free weight benches run out quickly, and even with the plethora of weights, sometimes you couldn't find a matching dumbell or weight for your lift, and had to wait.Didn't do any of the classes, though the y were going all the time, and there's a huge amount of elliptical, running, stair and crunch machines upstairs. The locker room was pretty clean most of the time, though they seem like there always out of towels, and I never really got around to showering there-I'd rather shower at home only 10 minutes away. A good club at the time when I started-just too inconvenient now for me.   I might re-up my membership.
3	"I thought it would be bigger." "Hey - THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID!"It's true though - the monolithic exterior of this 24 Hour makes you feel like a winner. The kind that got an ultra-sport gym for the price of an active one. Ultimately, this gym is not too big - and I only say that because the ceiling-to-floor windows deluded me into thinking it was much more massive than I expected. The lower floor is full of weights and machines, and generally occupied by muscle maniacs which makes me want to skip the floor altogether and run upstairs. Which is not a full level because it is only half the size of the first floor. It's pretty generous of the gym architect to be so considerate of us gym patrons and give us such a spectacular view outside while we're busting out calories on treadmills that are so sensitive we all sound like wildebeests cavorting in the wilderness. Unfortunately, the view is of a strip mall parking lot and Qdoba. You know, so you can look at a restaurant exterior while running and thinking of all the things you should not be eating after working out.
2	I come to this gym for convenience. It's the closest one to where I live and work so I usually come in after work. I always swear I'm never going to use the pool here because it's small and usually too many people are in it. But occasionally I think, let me give it another shot. One time it was beautiful and no one else was in the pool and not many people in the spa area (I think it was a Sunday at 3PM). But most of the time, it's disappointing and I regret my decision. What disgusts me most is a lot of people who steam/sauna get all sweaty and to cool off, they take a dip in the pool. It's like their personal shower!? On another note, I would like to share another experience: It was a weeknight, and as I was changing to get ready to swim, another young lady was getting ready too. But her getting ready meant putting on makeup, a bikini, taking a photo of herself, and bringing her 50 shades book to the sauna/steam? OMG, it's not a hotel pool, or a dayclub! Why was this girl getting ready like she was going to wet republic. And really, how much reading of 50 shades are you going to do at a 24 hour fitness steam/sauna.
5	I love this gym. I've been going to this for years (Ever since Golds on Sahara closed) its fairly expensive compared to other gyms but it's worth it. No Douche bags around to annoy you by their usual antics (They all go to LVAC). All the trainers are fit so if you ever need a trainer they all know what they are doing. Plus the staff is nice and their supplements and gear are usually on sale. Oh and they hey an awesome TRX training system for everyone to use. Something I haven't seen at other gyms.
4	started coming here as soon as I moved to vegas years ago...me and the wife met here, good classes. Cardio upstairs, weights downstair. Wish the Basketball court didnt close at 10pm but I understand why. Games got a little more rowdy after hours. Guess guys don't like being dunked on before they go to bed.
3	This location must be old.  It's stinky inside and the cardio equipment upstairs is outdated... especially the stationary bikes. I feel dirty when I leave this gym.
2	I've been to this gym, and in one word: mehI say meh because there's nothing that great about this gym. I've visited several times due to having to train some people, but I never come here of my own volition.This gym is one of the smaller 24 hour fitness in town that I've been to. It has 2 floors, and all the body areas have their section, but everything feels super cramped. It just makes for a sardines in a can type feeling. The basketball court is great because its full size, but it also suffers from space constraints. In most other gyms, I'm able to sit on the sideline while i wait for next. In this gym, theres no sideline room at all, and even just playing, that can be a mental issue.The other big thing is that this is the only gym where I'ver ever actually been robbed. I'm not quite sure how they got into my locker, but about a month or two ago my locker was broken into. In this locker, thankfully i didn't have much so all that was taken was some shoes, and a shirt. What was most alarming was the nonchalant reaction from the front staff when I told them. This leads me to believe that either this is a common occurrence, or the staff truly does not care about the patrons, neither of which makes me want to come back. I do make sure to not bring anything semi valuable, and I've never had issues with my lock anywhere else, and I don't steer people away from this gym but I certainly don't steer them towards it
5	Like most gyms, there are always those few guys who want to make sure everyone sees them working out.  They grunt, they groan and make those around them workout harder trying to stifle their laughter and holding themselves back from saying "shut up!"  But besides those few guys, this gym is really great.  Its not massive like LVAC, but it has enough equipment, machines and there are lots of treadmills and other cardio equipment.I've gone to a few classes there and I have to say that BodyCombat is the best.  Joslyn is the instructor and she is great.  She is motivating, but not the drill sergeant, scream in your face til you pass out kind of instructor.  She's upbeat, energetic and gives good instruction on technique and how to work harder if you want to or how to minimize the strain if you are falling behind.I'm pretty sure I'm gonna be a regular in her classes and look forward to seeing you there!
3	This may not be the best gym if the 24 hour franchise but i'm comparing this to Rainbow's location which is newer. This location is actually not bad at all. The staff are super friendly and I was able to find a zumba instructor i can take without wanting to leave early. I've tried a few other classes and the instructors rarely played any spanish songs...so it felt more like an aerobics class than a zumba class. Pat was awesome! Her class had a lot of good spanish music, she had a lot of energy, she engaged with her students. The facility is kept clean. The swimming pool is more like a lap pool.
5	my me time! stress reliever
3	This particular 24 isn't too bad. They did some renovations and updates to the gym that make it better to work out in. They added the TRX thing or what have you, along with another more dumbbells and a free range cable machine. Sometimes the areas are nasty and has a strange smell, but like I said before, a gym is a gym and you can still take care of business. It gets hard to get a good workout in during peak hours, but once you go during different hours, it's much easier to work out.
1	24 Hour Fitness on 5035 W. Tropicana day manager Christy (Christi) was very unprofessional and insensitive to customer inquiries.  I had a incident at 24 Hour Fitness - Tropicana where I had to use the trash can that is almost 2 feet outside the main glass do in plain sight of the reception associate.  After exiting the building and returning, one of the associate ask me to sign back in 4 seconds later due to the gym policy.  I signed in and ask to see the policy (for clarification and understanding).  The associate was helpful, but could not find the policy.  Therefore, she asked the duty manager Christy (Christi) for help.  When I asked the manager Christi to see the policy, she told me "No" and that I had no rights to see the policy and she was not obligated to show me or explain it to me.  She said and I quote, "this is a private gym and if I don't like it I can leave".  As a value and loyal member of 24 hours Fitness for almost 10 years; and with a membership that allows me to work out at any 24 Hours Fitness club in the country, I was shocked and insulted. It is unprofessional and unacceptable for any manager representing the 24 Hour Fitness brand to interact with any customers in that manner and tone.  There is and should be a professional way to tell me that either you don't know where the policy is located or you do not know the interpretation of the policy. I am upset with the tone and interaction with Christy (Christi) the manager and had to discontinued my work out and take my daughter out of the daycare.  I have called the Corporate office and  awaiting to speak with the District Manager (DM). I am going to email the DM and his boss.  I am also going back to the same gym tomorrow to talk to her boss.  This kind of behavior or attitude is unacceptable for any associate or manager that is customer facing.    If more customer relation training classes are needed, I would recommend that the remediation take place.  I do not want to go through similar incident like that just because I ask to see a policy.  Even though a gym may be private, it is not an excuse to be unprofessional to any customer.  Beside, I pay a monthly fee...so unless you are willing to repay my fees and ask me or other customers, that have legitimate questions to discontinued our membership; it is still my gym.  CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP IS IMPORTANT FOR 24 HOURS FITNESS BRANDING.
4	I am glad that I was able to talk to Martin (Club Manager) at 5035 W. Tropicana yesterday.  He called me yesterday after my incident, and was very professional, informed, and helpful with his handling of the situation.  I am satisfied and glad of the resolutions.  I went back to the gym this morning and had a great work out.  Thanks again Martin for the intervention and resolution.
2	I've been coming here 3 years and the only reason I keep coming is I love my trainer. Otherwise I'd go elsewhere and when my trainer finally goes indy I will follow her. Half the stair machines are almost always broken and several of the treadmills are always broken. Broken equipment stays broken for weeks on end.  This place SUCKS at maintenance. FIX YOUR EQUIPMENT. The members pay more than enough for this place to keep things repaired.
3	This gym is really just your average gym. There is nothing great about it and nothing terrible. It's never abnormally busy. The problems I have with this gym are that at least a few treadmills will be broken daily and there are not enough squat racks (only 2). More than half the time I go there I am waiting to use the rack. I think they could use a punching bag as well. Some of the good things they offer is a basketball court, pool, and a group fitness room. Overall if you are just looking to get in and get out for your workout I recommend this gym.
3	Cool place to work out. Fairly clean and machines are mostly operable, unlike some other gyms in Vegas like LVAC where everything is always broken. Bathroom and locker room is clean but sometimes no paper towels can be frustrating. Plenty of parking and close to restaurants for eating afterwards.
2	There's only one reason to go to this gym - location. Oh, and it's cheap.In all seriousness, this place looks massive... but only from the outside. Once you're inside, you realize that, "Oh wait, this place is tiny." During the gym rush hours, there is a major lack of weights available. Luckily, they generally have enough cardio machines to keep up with demand, but I wouldn't be surprised if all the treadmills could be taken at one time.The locker room is beat up, the cardio equipment is dirty and worn out, the basketball court has dead spots and the place has mediocre air circulation.That being said, I still go here as much as I have to because I only paid 17/month and it's the closest location. Yay.
5	You know why a Five Star?Because my son always asks to come back to this Kids Club located here. Always. Try to get a goodbye from him once he is in there is out of the question. So for me, that means that he has a good time. I know my son is not getting abused or forgotten about. They take good care of him and watch over him like they should. I couldn't ask for anything better.As far as the services of the gym, it's of medium size. Plenty of machines to go around. I have never had to wait for something to open up. The staff are for the most part friendly. Certain ones always say hello and smile. Others it seems are there just to do their job but are still personable enough.It is a good mix of people - from the ladies who wear their thongs hanging out their pants. to the big buff guys who like to have everyone look at them, to the serious athletes in the building just getting their exercise on, to the people like me who are in their just to lose weight. People watching is fun and for the most part  you can have a good time here doing that. It definitely helps with the exercise. The ladies room is always clean and overall, I enjoy coming to this gym.
5	I know, I know; working out is the last thing you want to do in Vegas. BUT! I'm a member, it's here; so why not?Pretty great facility. Quaint and a lot to offer. They have a indoor pool. I want to make it a habit next time I come to Vegas. P.S. I think they offer 1 day pass through yelp.
2	I'm not from vegas but I'm a member of 24. I came here on my last day of vacation letting them know I'm not a resident of nevada. They took my money for the kids club and when I went to drop my son off they said if it's his first time. I told them eyes and they said they needed shot records. While being rude with a stuck up face the lady went to go grab papers. I thought it was some waiver so we can leave him but it was her pointing out that they needed the records. As if I didn't believe her and she says well get them faxed here... really how rude can one be. Never going to 24hr again.
2	Love the location. The staff is really nice and helpful.. The Lockers room needs to be cleaned up. It sucks that u have to pay just to use a locker. The pool can be bigger.
2	This location always seems to be in disrepair.  The machines televisions and listening devices always seem broken or under repair.  Staff is much better than before and friendlier, but it is annoying to have to try three machines to get one that works.  Even though the rainbow location is twice as far I drive there much of the time.  Parking can also be an issue here.
1	Horrible management. I recently moved in to close proximity of this gym and decided I'd try this gym out. I went online and downloaded a free day pass so I can try the gym out before I went ahead and signed up. Went I tried to redeem it the manager told me I had to pay $25 to come in because it's "stealing money and unfair to the paying gym members". He was completely unprofessional, irrational and outright rude. I did not get to see the facility but the staffing was outright horrendous.
5	This location beats just about all the locations in the Bay Area (even though it has a similar lay out to the Curtner location).  It's definitely a bodybuilders type of gym (my favorite type), since 60-70% of the members are really fit (juice/natural) which really inspires you to work harder.  The bathroom is old and worn down, but the equipment is fairly modern/new with a nice two level layout.  Plus the folks at the front desk are really friendly.  Overall, I really liked it and wish I had a location like this near me..
4	Yes it's not the biggest yes its pretty dirty but you're not going to Country Club you're going to sweat burn off some calories & work your ass off that's the whole point of going to gym if I was going to fashion show or going out to dinner yeah I'd be insulted at the filth.  Too bad that the gym is not that clean yes in the bathroom you better wear some flip flops cause you don't  know what organisms are going to be on your feet, but if it is that bad take a shower at home, go there get your workout on burn a couple thousand calories which this place is made for and then go home and go about your business but it serves the purpose & it  serves the purpose very well
4	I've been coming to this gym ever since I've lived in Vegas. It's improved a lot by adding things like TRX, ropes, kettle bells, jump boxes, mats, tires, & many other things to improve & mix up workouts.My only downfall w/ this place is that they don't keep up the repairs on certain things. They take care of their equipment in regards to the gym, but in their cardio/aerobics room they have not. The clock in their has gotten worse & worse. The hour & minute work fine, but the seconds, you can't even tell if it's a 52 or 14 anymore. For someone that needs to time themselves on things for rest, rounds, etc this is important. It's been like that for over a year now. They have holes or breaks in the wall that have yet to be fixed. It's the upkeep that is important.Outside of those few things, it's a gym, you can get a good workout in. As long as you're not going during the peak hours.
3	I've been coming to this gym off and on for about 3 years now and I really like this location. The staff is really nice and laid back and it's a lot bigger than the one on Maryland. Though I do think they could take a little bit more time cleaning the equipment. I'm a person who always wipes down my machine before and after I use it but I sometimes feel like that's not enough. And their yoga mats are pretty worn out so I like to bring my own.
1	This location sucks! I recently came back from my Vegas vacation with my boyfriend. We stayed just couple blocks away from this Tropicana location, and I thought it was very convenient, within a walking distance, etc. My boyfriend wasnt a member of 24 hr. so I added him to my membership using their family add-on plan. One of the managers then mentioned that I qualify for a personal training session, as I added a new member, which I thought was an attractive offer; she also asked me whether I would like to do a weights session, a functional training, or something else. I said lets do a functional training since I wanted to try something new besides lifting and yoga, both of which I do 5 to 6 days a week.She scheduled me with one of their trainers, Dina B. Now, on the day of our supposedly functional training session, she did an assessment meet up instead (which I didnt ask for, as I know where I stand), by basically pointing out that my body fat percentage is very high (btw I am 5'8 and 131 pnds), that I look athletic but Im actually not, and pretty much tried to sell me personal training sessions during the 45 minutes we spend in the office! When I made it clear that buying a personal training is not one of my priorities at this time, I got "nice to meet you!" with a handshake, and that was it! The last 15 minutes out of that *are you done bullshitting me* hour didnt even seem to exist, although in my opinion could at least be used to talk about nutrition, supplements, etc.I would call it dysfunctional bullshit, and a terrible customer service. After this so-called "functional training" neither one of the managers nor a person at the front desk asked me about my experience or how I felt about that hour I wasted in their office being pushed to purchase the personal training sessions, whereas I could spend that time to do an actual workout. All I got to hear is the trainer's bragging about her personal achievements, and how apparently out of shape I am.So, if you are offered a complimentary personal session, especially with Dina B. at this Tropicana location, just say No, thanks! dont waste your time and just stick with your workout plan and your goals. Those people out there will make you feel miserable until they get hold of your credit card.I dont recommend this location to anybody, and definitely wont be back there again.
4	Although i haven't used the facilities yet the staff was amazing! Super friendly and patient with the jerk ahead of me. If you go definitely see Lindsey super awesome! I gave 4 stars because i didn't take a tour so I'm not positive of the equipment.
1	Everyone farts at this gym and the machines are old. My gym shoes also get filthy here. Please upgrade this gym.
3	Most of the time the place has machines to work on.  The last visit on 5/9 I tried 3 different machines and they all were broken.  Never seen that before.  The elliptical was not working in regards to resistance and height...the treadmill seem to have a mind of its own..and there was a sign for the treadmill next to me not working and the elliptical in front of me says error 44.  I didn't tell management because there are other machines and I just wanted to work out...So usually this isn't the case.  Wonder if it was an off day and hopefully it gets fixed soon. Considering that someone has to tell them first...before they can fix I'll mention something next time I'm there.  Still prefer the one on rainbow as I feel it's bigger and cleaner...probably because it's newer.I'm not saying this gym is dirty....but it's not as clean as the rainbow one or even the green valley one.  Locker rooms are kept nice though (no messes)...never been to the pool so I cant comment on that.  I have used the shower here and its alright.  Typical gym....This place can still get packed though...just be aware :) I find the rainbow one less busy than this place at times.
4	So I just cancelled my membership after 6 years or so, no hassle there which was good. Got a refund for the remaining time. It is a nice place, but I started taking yoga, privately, so no need for the gym for now.
1	I really don't enjoy this gym the location is kinda ghetto and If u try to go during prime hour of operation it's very packed and hard to get on a machine. The staff doesn't really go out of there way to help you. The parking sucks and the lot is filthy. Will never have my business.
3	It's ok, small as hell tho LVAC twice the size of this if not more. A lot of break ins tho .hella ghetto don't bring any valuables or use their lockers a lot a lot of break ins
5	Big big big gym! We took the body pump class. We are from CO and we love the instructors there. Asia taught body pump and it was fantastic. My aunt and mom took the class with us for the first time and the teacher was super helpful with my mom and aunt. She was kind and patient.
2	I've been a member since late 08 or early 09'. Staff has definitely changed since then and the only one remaining is an older blonde who's a receptionist. Very kind and personable. However, I cant speak for anyone else at the gym. The moment you walk through the door after checking-in, the front desk staff harasses you about purchasing protein powder which are at a whopping $43-45. You can get these shakes from anywhere so whomever is buying these are totally getting ripped off! A few weeks ago I came across the most rudest personal trainer in the facility by the name of Andy. Had a cold sore on his lip so that was very questionable. Not to mention that the PT look like shady characters. We get into a disagreement about personal training and how the services were free but I wasnt nudging. To make a long story short, I reported his bad behavior to the manager and til this day I've been wanting to cancel my membership because i know there's someplace better than this. Machines are constantly breaking down and the staff takes their time in getting them repaired. Anyway, 2 reasons why I'm canceling my membership. The aggressive sell tactics of the their products and their lackluster professionalism.
4	It's hard to find time to get to the gym whether it's for fitness or just overall mental health. 24 hour fitness makes it easy no matter what your schedule may be. Open 24 hours the staff is awesome and very welcoming. Basketball court, pool, sauna and a large variety of cardio equipment. Also free classes offered. Highly recommend no matter what your age, physical condition, gender and goals may be. There is something for everyone.
1	Gym was ok, a bit crowded at times, but nothing too terrible. The one star is because they screwed me out of money when canceling my membership.I signed up with a friend and put it on my credit card. I cancelled for both of us and made a point to make sure we were both cancelled, they said we were. After that, they kept charging me. When I went in to fix it, they said I cancelled my membership 5 days after the billing cycle when I'd made a point to come in a couple weeks before I would be billed. The month after that I got charged again. When I asked about this they said my friend needed to call in and cancel, I can't cancel for him. I had several conversations with staff and the manager, and they said they wouldn't refund my money for any of this ($120 total), basically lying, giving me a middle finger, and stealing my money.I won't ever rejoin a 24 hour fitness and unless you enjoy having people steal money from you, I suggest you don't either.
2	I was there this past weekend for a quick work out before heading back to california. Been here probably 6-7 times. But the last time was just horrible. They have 1 squat rack and 1 squat cage. Now that stupid part is that the hooks were missing from the cage. What's the point of having the cage when there are no hooks?!?! I went to ask the front counter staff and she did not even know what I was talking about. I tried explaining for a few minutes before another person working out near by came and told me it's been missing for months. How can they not replace something that is missing for months already? Considering they only have 1 cage. Even the smith machine was down. I will be going to the 24 hour fitness on eastern when I'm in the area from now on.
1	My friend and I went to this facility as we have done several times prior. We work out together and I help em when their form is off. When we got ready to leave, was approached by staff who told us it was "presumed" I was training em which violated some policy. At no time did they approach us while we were working out to ASK if I were training. When we said we were taking turns, the staff too an unnecessary arrogant and combative stance and blurted "it was presumed and we would be kicked out if we did it again". WTH, I pay your salary and you need to get the facts straight BEFORE attacking. Been to several facilities where my friends and I help one another, his was the first time I had been approached about something that is not happening.
3	This gym is an old gym. Machine parts are missing amd almost every time im there, something is broken. And it smells like stinky feet. After you enter and start working out, you dont notice the smell as much. I dont love this gym, but I dont hate it either. The staff at the front are always warm and friendly to me. Im always greeted and I have nothing bad to say about the staff. Try not to come around 6ish bc this gym gets super packed since its pretty small. Weights are downstairs, cardio is upstairs. Theres also a small indoor pool and sauna and a basketball court. Havent checked out the pool yet. There is also a daycare. If you want to bring a friend with you, go online to their website and fill out a guest pass. They will email a pass and your guest can go for the next 3 days for free. This is not the safest neighborhood, but ive never had an incident here. Just watch your back, especially at night.
5	With the amenities, This location would be a 'super sport' anywhere else. It's also we'll maintained and has a friendly staff. I wish every 24 hour fitness was like this gym..... Unfortunately, the Southern California locations I regularly work out at are horrible.
4	Clean gym, helpful staff and hardly ever crowded. Easy to get ur workout in without having to wait for equipment likes some other gyms. Steam room, sauna, pool usually clean however the jacuzzi is frequently out of service. Maintenance issues I guess but lots of members disappointed. My pops keeps bitchin about it. Lol Bummer.
3	This place is alway crowded. Down stairs is full of meat heads and it kinda smells funny. The only think that I really like about this place is their cardio section because it's upstairs and you can look down on the gym and out the windows. OH and the Sunday morning yoga class with Willow.  I love her classes.  Whenever I get the chance to attend one of her classes I go.  She makes it so relaxing and challenging at the same time. LOVE HER CLASS!
3	My first time to this facility. Close to home but I will say it doesn't have a welcoming vibe to it. The staff is friendly and the equipment is somewhat dated. Not too crowded but the free weight areas could use extra stations. On the upside, there is a child care area if you need it. Showers were about a 6 on a scale up to 10. Not convinced to join but I enjoyed my day pass.
4	Clean gym, helpful staff and hardly ever crowded. Easy to get ur workout in without having to wait for equipment like some other gyms. Steam room, sauna, and pool are usually clean however the jacuzzi is frequently out of service. Maintenance issues I guess but lots of members disappointed...my pops included. He can't stop bitchin about it! Lol Bummer.
4	I was offered a free training session with Charlie Y. and was happy to accept, as you'll see he's very knowledgeable and accomplished with the more technical lifts if you catch him training in the gym.I'm currently in the best shape of my life, but have also been dealing with a (slowly) healing structural issue (likely caused by multiple factors) for over a year. He was able to point out some flaws with my posture and form that I wasn't aware of, helped improve my deadlift technique and showed me some exercises which both revealed and had an effect on some tightness issues I've been experiencing.I was pleasantly suprised with how the session truly felt complimentary. He was happy to help and extended an invitation for more (paid) sessions any time in the future with zero pressure. I intend to buy some sessions with him periodically. It's popular on the internet to dismiss trainers, but I think it's a wise investment to occasionally purchase the opinions of someone experienced and knowledgeable, particularly as one ages beyond the invincibility felt in their teens and twenties.Also a shout out to Kyle who also knows his stuff and I've been able to consult for some brief advice without pressure. I'd recommend looking into him as well.As for the gym itself, it's pretty much the same as in my 2012 review. It gets the job done, but has the issues and inefficiences one will experience when patronizing a large corporate chain. The staff largely tries their best.
1	Second week in a row and the yoga instructor Willow does not show up. She runs late for most her classes but this is ridiculous! The front desk takes no accountability and claims she doesn't work for them. If this is the attitude and lack of general respect for your clients' time then this gym is not for me. Poor management skills.
