4	Their mango smoothie is quite delicious and the baristas are always friendly.
4	No-nonsense caffeine, fast. The service here was very good and efficient. The menu caters mostly to sugary concoctions, but if you don't see what you want, you can ask and should be accommodated if they have the ingredients. (I wanted a caramel macchatio but only saw an item on the menu with both caramel and chocolate...no problem!)I ordered a large for $4.50- very much in line with other places. The drink itself was less sweet than Starbucks (I prefer a less sugary drink, so this is good). The amount of espresso was impressive, I should be good to go for a few hours yet! The wait for my drink was a minute or two less than I expected. One item I haven't ever seen anywhere else- flavor-infused Red Bull! I haven't tried this yet, but I definitely will next time. I realize this is a chain, but it's refreshing to have more options around for coffee on the go. :) I hope to see more of these pop up around the Valley.
4	Great little place to stop for coffee.  I love it that each of their coffee drinks can be made iced AND sugar/fat free.  I went here the other day and the guy working was super friendly and fast.  I will return.
5	I am lucky enough to have a Dutch Bros. right around the corner from my house and i love it.  When they first opened i would buy a coffee every single day and sometimes two.  I was never really that big of a coffee person because i like my drinks a little sweeter and suck at preparing them.  When i go here they already have drinks that they make that taste wonderful.  They can make them hot or iced, sugar free, or regular, decaf or regular or even half caf which is what i order because i'm pregnant.    They are always super happy and on top of things.  I've written a review before but i am really happy with his place and i am pretty bummed because i will be moving and they don't have them in Orange County yet.  I can't wait to get my Dutch Bros. today.
4	Great coffee, but it's always super hot - we always had to wait for it to cool down. The staff is always SO nice! The drive-thru is super convenient, but their walk-up window service is handy too. Free bone for my dog when I'd bring her too!
5	Ah, Dutch Brothers I do so love your coffee.  But it's more than that.  It's the customer service I recieve that makes it a five star experience.  I had been going to the location on Rural but I realized that there was another location that was closer to my work and right on the way.  The Rural location was a bit out of the way. This location offers the same great customer service.  After my 2nd visit their, they knew my order.  I usually get a skinny Carmelizer.  They coffee is very smooth, not bitter at all.  And if you have not had a Carmelizer, you should try one!  My other fave is the White Chocolate Mocha.  And don't forget Two Stamp Tuesday.  Buy 10, get the 11th free!  YAY!!
4	It is what it is, a quick and cheap way to get some good coffee or a tasty smoothie. Very friendly and outgoing staff. I would rather come here than a Starbucks any day of the week.
4	After getting my haircut across the street I walked over to Dutch Bros. Coffee.  I've driven past so many times but never stopped.  I was aiming for a beverage and something to snack on.  Too my chagrin they offered nothing in the food stuffs category.  For some reason I assumed they would have donuts or something.  Oh well, my bad.  Since it was warming up I opted for a blended "Kicker" (at least that's what I think it was) a coffee drink blended with Irish Cream.  It was very tasty.  Better than anything I've had at Starbucks.  The service was uber friendly and fast.  Honestly, it's how I'd want service to be if I ran a business.  To top it all off, for reasons unknown to me, I was also given a free pair of D-Backs tickets.  Even if it was just a promotion to lure customers it came as a surprise and made my morning.  I will be back to Dutch Bros. and look forward to many Yelp check ins here.
5	FAR AND AWAY the best coffee in the Valley. Forget corporate coffee like Harbucks. GO TO DUTCH BROS.Apparently they only hire print-ready models to work there because whether you like guys or girls, there is always some one exceptionally HOT there to help you.  DUTCH BROS. RULES!
3	I really do love Dutch Bros. Hands down the best coffee in the valley. Sadly, I live right next to this location and I've just had so many problems. I order the same thing each time (my favorite frozen cocomo with peppermint!) and more often than not, it's either an inconsistent flavor or not what I ordered at all. I've also had a rough time with just the attitude of one particular employee that's almost scared me away from the location altogether. Again, I love Dutch Bros. Just not this one.
5	What can I say, but I have a "Dutch" problem.  It's so nice to have good coffee without the over-roasted bitter taste of a well known competitor (yuckbucks).  Go for the Dutch Brothers awesomness.  The employees are always very friendly.  The lady that does the early morning shift knows my drink and it is always consistently great.  =)My one complaint, and this is a yelp one...is that for some reason this location always comes up several screens down even with me sitting in front of them.  Why do locations farther away come up 1st?
5	I LOVE Dutch Bros Coffee :)  It's inexpensive ($4.75 for a large), fast, drive-through, and the staff is always super peppy and friendly!  :)  It's conveniently located on my drive to work, and never have to wait more than 5 minutes.  It doesn't taste burnt like Starbucks, and they don't charge extra for flavors, even if you go crazy and get a Raspberry, Vanilla, Carmel Mocha.  They're always offering giveaways and specials through Facebook too.  Power to the People!!
5	Being from Oregon (from where the brand originates), the minute I saw a Dutch Bros. down here, I flipped. Could not believe it.  This location is no different than any other back in Oregon. The staff is friendly, slightly eccentric, and make great coffee. If you want a coffee addiction that isn't Starbucks, Dutch Bros. is the place.
5	Love this place. This stop is a must on my way to work. Just wish there was one closer to my house.
5	The staff is super nice! They are quick too. If there is a line drive - thru line I suggest getting out and ordering from the walk up window. They will get your order done with lightening speed. Carmelizer, FTW.
5	I will always chose Dutch Bros over Starbucks if I can. I particularly love this location because I used to live down the street and would stop here EVERY morning for my white mocha hot or on ice. I have gone through so many stamp cards and was a hard core regular. I signed up for email and text alerts and benefited from tons of discounts and specials. The staff is also very friendly and trained very well. They always greet you genuinely and carry great conversation. Oh yeah, and the coffee is AMAZING! I can simply say it is some high quality coffee and they really know how to make it.
5	Can't beat Dutch Bros. I'm a fan of Starbucks, yah, but the people (both servers and the served) can be a bit stuffy and oh-so-charmingly pretentious. DB is the the anti-Bucks. No matter which windmill I pull up to (I've DB'ed in 3 states and counting) I always get the feeling I'm pulling up alongside a friendly, caffeine-purveying pirate ship. The staff is always affable and generally interested in chatting about anything and everything (that's if you're willing to reciprocate of course, I've gotten my coffee fix hungover and they're just as nice to you, with fewer words, if you're being a d-bag).So I'd recommend any DB to anyone, this location just happens to be the closest to me. If Starbucks is the British Empire, think of Dutch as an enterprise of nicer and harder-working Jack Sparrows. ;)
5	This is, by far, my favorite coffee place. I can't remember the last time I went to Starbucks. Once I discovered Dutch Bros I never went anywhere else! The staff rocks. They recognize me every time even though I don't come every day. If I tweet them and Facebook them they always reply. AMAZING COFFEE! With Coconut Milk as an option for all you vegans/allergy prone peeps like me! They can make any drink with coconut milk or soy milk! That was a win for me. I missed my mochas!
5	I am not a coffee person, but this place changed my life. Say hi to Christian. He's a little cutie and I love him. White Mocha, yes!
5	seriously love this place. coffee is great. staff is ALWAYS SUPER nice. LOVE LOVE LOVE when I fill up my punch card and get a drink for freeeeeeee :)
2	What happened to this place? The employees are still really nice but the prices have doubled. 7.25 for a dirty chai?? Even local boutique coffee shops don't charge this and for the quality that comes at Dutch Bros' out of the plastic jug chai and just above average coffee- this makes no sense.They're fast, which seems to be the only factor involved in having to go here. If you have time, you might as well explore your options in the other places around the area and get a really good cup of expensive coffee elsewhere.
5	I love Dutch Bros. Every time I go (which is almost every day), I am greeted by some of thee friendliest baristas EVER. Part of me suspects that they must have an espresso IV drip-they are just so energetic. They love chatting with their customers and are super fast at making drinks. The vibe is really laid back and casual, even with nightclub music constantly blaring. I usually order the same thing every time (coffee with soy & hazelnut) but sometimes I mix it up with a seasonal drink. I love that their coffee is Americano. After going here, I kind of feel like I'm cheating on a lover if I go to Starbucks, and hey! They don't give you a punch card like they do at Dutch..and it's not nearly as delicious.
4	Smooth tasting coffee, with no hint of bitterness.  They offer several mixed coffee options with fun names, as well as chai tea, and most drinks can be made iced as well as hot.  I had the Cocomo, which had a light flavor of coconut and chocolate.  It was good, but I did need to put an extra packet of sugar (Splenda since I got it sugar-free) to bring out the flavor of the coconut and chocolate in the drink.  They offer good sugar free options, and they offer soy and coconut milk in addition to regular milk.  Service was very cheerful, and the drink was made in record time.  Overall, a good place to get your jolt of java!
3	Bro! I feel like I need to wear my flattest billed hat and say bro and dude a lot when I go to these DBCs. That said whenever I'm near one I prefer them over the Starbucks. A little pricey but if get a punch card and get a free one it  might work out. Good coffee.
5	I think this is an AWESOME place. I dont have one close to me but when I am in Tempe I will visit there. I think the service was great and so was the coffee that I had.
5	Overall, I get a great experience at any Dutch Bros in the valley. However, I come to this one every other day and I am always greeted on a first named basis and every single employee is friendly. EVERY SINGLE ONE. I love them all !
4	It really is a shame that I've never written a review about this place.   I've loved the coffee here for quite some time.  Personally, this is the best cup of coffee in Phoenix.  I don't get the 5 dollar coffee-bombs, I get the traditional old fashion regular coffee with half of it being decaf.  The baristas in this location are FAST, efficient and provide decent service.I have to dock them 1-star because most of them do something that is highly annoying to me.  I hate being called "girl".  I'm probably old enough to be some of those kids mom!  I don't look it.  Riiiiiight?  Hahaha. Buy honestly.  Excessively calling me "girl" when u greet me doesn't go over well.  I mentioned it to one barista.  They are also a little bit more expensive than SB's.  That aside, the coffee is still very good and I go here every week.TIP:  get out of your car in the fall/winter/spring and walk to the side window.  That is always much faster than sitting in my car.
5	OMG! I freakinn' LOVE Dutch Bros!  They're drink The Kicker is no joke! It gets me going  & I only get two shots of expresso, I never drank coffee before this because I hate the stuff & now, I think I'm highly addicted! Great stuff, I seriously recommend Dutch Bro . Hands down, Startbucks ainn' got NOTHING on Dutch Bros .
5	Excellent service!  Fun staff.  Delish coffee.
2	It comparison to Starbucks Frappacino... crap! horribly sweet and just frothy not slushy!
4	The quality of the drink that I get really depends on who is working that day. I usually end up with a good batch... but lately I have been either not been given enough or the taste is off. The mill location is my favorite though! They have the friendlist workers. :)
4	Unfortunately for me, people caught on to this place. I used to be able to drive through quickly in the morning and be on my way with a large double chocolate mocha in about 5 minutes. Now the whole city thinks the same way which is great, but not if you are in a hurry. Dutch Bro's still gets it done pretty quickly though, as they have people that run out to your car in line and take your order ahead of time, which is genius. The drinks although expensive are amazing and the employees on window duty know how to play a quick game of small talk. As long as the line is manageable and my wallet overflows, this is the spot for a caffeine fix.
4	I love this place!  They know my name and my drink by heart!  Quick service drive thru and walk-up.  They make the iced coffee consistantly well!  Good job guys!!
5	I was first introduced to Dutch Bros by my sister, and ever since day one I have been hooked! My first thought was that the coffee was delicious! As I have continued to go there however, I have realized that the employees themselves make the experience what it is. Every location has fun and energetic employees even early in the morning! I am definitely going to be a lifelong fan of this coffee house and will go out of my way to get it!
5	Im an avid coffee drinker, twice a day every day.  I was hesitant in the beginning because, i had tried they're regular coffee before and i thought it was too weak. however, if you try the specialties like the Double Torture or cocomo ...SMALL, you wont need any more....this coffee is great, and the people are so friendly.this is Starbucks greatest competition in my point of view.
5	Nice alternative to the "usual". Nice selection, fair prices and really just a welcome change.
5	I will choose Dutch Bros over sbux any day of the week. I might have a bit of an addiction, which is really dangerous because my new apartment is right down the road...
5	This is my "go-to" place for a great cup of coffee on the run! I love that they have a drive-thru, and the service is always fast and accurate. I've loved every drink that I've had, and the employees are always really great with providing suggestions to make drinks even tastier! They also offer tons of alternatives for food allergies, such as coconut milk or sugar-free syrups in multiple flavors. I recommend the Caramelizer for first-timers, and their holiday drinks are always yummy as well! Definitely a favorite place of mine! :)
5	LOVE Dutch Bros coffee! First time, we founded when we were in Oregon. Thinking this gotta be coffee originated from Holland (LOL) so.. here we are tried so many different hot and cold coffee and they ALL SOOO good! Little pricey but worth it. Flavor is totally different than. Starbuck. Wish this coffee stand open up one in LA area.
5	I've been going here for a few years now, and I have to say the Medium Hot Kicker is complete perfection. Not the large, or the small, or any other drink --the MEDIUM HOT KICKER. I don't care that the music is loud, small talk incessant, and the lines are long. I also don't care that Dutch Brohs lacks wifi and free app coupons--this IS straight up caffeine art at its finest. Yes, I'll say it again: MEDIUM HOT KICKER. No, I'm not caffeinated now, but if I was it would be from, you guessed it....M.H.K.
5	It's time to leave your local Starbucks and drive down to a Dutch Bros near you. You should be getting in your car as I read this.This coffee house is great at getting you your drinks fast (if there's a long line in the drive-through, they have employees run out and grab your order), giving you great service (they're upbeat, casual, and ALWAYS ask you what you're up to), and their selection of drinks isn't complicated (every drink is amazing). I love their stamp cards. Look out for nine-stamp days or double/triple-stamp days. Only ten stamps and any drink at any size will be given to you!Something most people fail to mention on here is how they have subtle themes on random days where they might be dressed up as cowboys/girls, in neon-colored clothes, or even in beach wear. When they are, be on the lookout for their deals. They're all having fun making your coffee, and you can't help feeling bad for not partying with them.I have two personal favorites. I love the Kicker freeze, and Passionfruit/Kiwi Italian soda with cream in it. One is creamy and flavorful, and the other is refreshing and hits the spot.Oh yeah, and did I mention their large drinks are the size of a tub and are way cheaper than Starbucks? I'm a sucker for this place. The closest one to me is a couple miles away, but the drive is always worth it. It's a place that I'm surprised most people haven't used as a replacement for their double-soy light, tan, mocha-cocoa yada yada yada latte.
1	1 star = burnt coffee = not funny service = too much ice in the iced coffee = broken straws.
5	LOVE them! always super friendly and will run out to your car if it's busy! :) iced white annehilator is my FAVE! a little pricey, but the service, taste, and punch cards make up for it:)!
3	The original Dutch Bros. (in Oregon) are great, these in Phoenix are fine.  Traditionally, you don't come for a cup of coffee when you go do Dutch Bros., you go for the experience.  If you've ever been to one in Oregon, you would know what I mean.
5	Everyone is so dang nice here I love it! What a great start to the morning! I always order iced or hot americanos which they call their regular coffee. So if you don't like espresso watch out!! They also have coconut milk, but not almond milk. The service is super fast, they can get a lot of people through the drive thru in a hurry. Such a nice alternative to Starbucks!!
5	Without a doubt, a fun coffee experience with a very good product. That is how I can sum my Dutch Bros experience while traveling through Phoenix and Tempe. If this is your first-time visiting this location (close to ASU) or any other Dutch Bros location, be prepared to see and hear things that you normally don't from coffee baristas and other employees that take your order from outside of the building. My impression: very laid back, very customer service oriented, fun, and enthusiastic. I've only gone through the drive-thru and haven't had the opportunity to seat myself, yet had a good experience each time regardless.A family member and myself drove to this location from the South Mountain area (15-20 minutes) just for coffee. We were both given stamp cards that were almost filled out and good for a free coffee upon the next visit, which I thought was a very good marketing hook to have me return. Although appreciated (I'll take them all day long), what had me coming back was the customer service as well as the coffee. The iced coffee choices is a cut above Starbucks (in my opinion) and about 25-30% less in price. The expressos? Wow! You get quite a bit for your money, and yes, they cost less than Starbucks. I tried one of their Granola bars, which is oh so soft and full of flavor. And yes, for less money than competitors.Dutch Bros, you all have got me hooked! I'll definitely return.
5	People from my office love this place so I decided to bypass the BIG "S" and go to Dutch Bros.  I am so glad that I did.  I ordered a hot Cocomo (chocolate and coconut) and loved it.  I highly recommend giving Dutch Bros Coffee a try.The second good thing about my experience is that the gal that took my order was very, very nice and friendly (and flirty).  I understand that this is the case at all of their locations.  Great customer service.
5	OMG !!!! This place is hilarious , I've never seen it without long line, it's worth to try it guys specially after I finish my classes every day I come over and over again. It's  so addicted , try the blue rose berry rebels and also the peach it's amazing.
5	I stopped by here today for my first ever Dutch Bros. experience. It was awesome! The crew was extremely nice and helpful. I will be back many times for sure! My iced latte is amazing! I definitely recommend this place!Seriously, everyone here is so nice, they are sure to turn any bad morning into a great one!
5	Im from CA and this is by far the only decent coffee place I have tried in AZ. I seriously am so glad I was recommended here, if not I would hate AZ even more.I LOVE the kicker so delicious and flat out perfect.HIGHLY RECOMMEND Dutch Bros
5	These guys follow the Zingerman's 3 steps to great service.  It's always a pleasure to stop in to get a cup of coffee every morning.
4	I love this coffee stand. The people there are so fun and kind and really brighten my day when I go there. My husband absolutely loves this place, so much so that he is unwilling to make coffee at home because he will miss the people too much ; ) I have to say though the drinks themselves are very inconsistent, sometimes great sometimes not, even though we always order the same thing. They take criticism well though and will always remake a bad drink. We love this stand and will continue to patron it.
