5	This was my neighborhood restaurant.  I've eaten here more than I care to remember.  Their Pollo Fundito is permanently a part of my hips, unfortunately. I love sitting in their back room near the little waterfall, but the big room is fun too - from watching folks, teenage couples to families managing too many little ones and of course being able to hear the karaoke in the bar.  Their food is Sonoran so don't go looking for anything else.  They have some of the best fajitas in the valley, bar none, even if they do call them "Carnitas Picante de la Luna". See Omar's review of another location for proof.   It's my girlfriend's favorite Chicken Chimi in the valley too.  Very "Phoenix traditional".  I put that in quotes because you have to know what you want.  This isn't my place to go for Mexico City food.  It's not my place for coastal Mexican food.  But for traditional Phoenix Mexican food it's at the top of the list.
4	Valle Luna was a good experience with family friends in town.  There was large group of us and they seated us in a private type room, it was fantastic!  Especially since we were visiting with family friends that we have not seen in a long time and we could hear each other.  There were kiddies too with us and they had a nice kid's menu.  The food was good, nothing out of this world, but good.  Service was like the food, good.  The parking was a pain though, not a very big lot for such a big crowded restaurant.
4	Had lunch here today. Ordered the taco and tostada combo with rice and beans... The service was quick, the food was great, and the atmosphere was dark and soothing. The building is a little older and slightly run down, but it has character.One little ding - We got here a little before 11am (when they supposedly open) and they didn't open the front door until 11:05am (per my cell phone). Grrrrrrr - don't get between a hungry man and his tacos!
5	If Heaven served Mexican Food, it would come from Valle Luna.
4	I'm voting this the best customer service I've had in a long time! We stopped into this Valle Luna on our way home, I've never been to this location, but now I think I've completed the circle.  The bartender was very polite and attentive and the waiter was also very sweet and helpful.  They must treat their employees well, cause they are certainly not disgruntled.  My boyfriend and I love Valle Luna, not sure if its because we both grew up on the restaurant or what, but they always satisfy.  All of the locations are kinda dark inside (good if you have a hangover). Mostly booths.  We like to sit in the bar area.The margaritas hit the spot and are around $5-8, they usually have specials, and usually use good tequila. The margarita's I had today were especially delicious,  (maybe cause it was the first 100 degree day?) I had a raspberry marg and a white death marg.
3	So-so Mexican food.  I have heard people raving about this place and I don't really get it.  Don't get me wrong, it's better than Manuel's or Filiberto's... but that's about all I can say.Okay, their Pollo Fundido is good (but not great like you will get at Ajo Al's). But let's talk about the purple and teal accent colors that scream "I was remodeled in the 80's"! Lame.Good chips and salsa but small-ass bowls! Oh, and don't expect to park in their little lot during dinner rush.  Also, the surrounding neighborhood is definatly the ghetto-side of the Moon Valley area.
5	This my ABSOLUTE FAVORITE restaurant!I love to go to Valle Luna when I am craving some good Mexican food. It has even become somewhat of a family tradition as we go there for birthdays and family dinners.While you look over the menu, you are served with hot tortilla chips and their special recipe salsa. You get unlimited chips and salsa, but make sure not to fill up on them before your meal like I always do!I love to get the fajitas, they are the best in town. They serve a steamy hot skillet with your choice of pork, beef, chicken or a combo of all three, along with peppers, onions and tomatoes. There is also a side plate with all the "fixings" like sour cream, guac, cheese, refried beans and rice and of course, warm tortillas. You can ask for extra of any of these items if you'd like also, especially if you love cheese and sour cream as much as I do. It is a bit pricey, but there is plenty of food to go around for 2-3 people or take home for great left overs!When I am craving something a bit smaller (and less costly) I love to get the Bandito Burros located on the appetizer menu. You get 8 mini deep fried burritos with guac and sour cream. I've shared this appetizer with friends a few times and everyone always seem to enjoy them as much as I do. Parking can be somewhat of a pain if you go during their dinner rush times. The outside appearance is also nothing to be impressed by nor is the inside decor as it is a bit outdated. Nonetheless, the food and friendly service always keep me coming back!!!
1	Ugh. Well, I should add this disclaimer first: I've never really had muchmMexican food in Arizona that I like. Am I crazy, you ask? No. I am a Colorado girl, who likes Colorado and New Mexican-style Mexican food.This place is greasy. I've had better at other places. They were nice, but I feel like I need an oil change now. We will not go back.I even just brushed my teeth to try and get the taste out of my mouth. Pepto could be in my future.I have friends who like this place a lot, but they also like their food a lot more greasy than I do.This is a good place if you like grease.*shudder*
3	I've been going to Valle Luna since I was a little kid, but this recent trip was a little disappointing.  They have good salsa, but the chips were terribly greasy.  The cheese crisp was also too greasy, and not that crisp, while the guacamole was okay, but nothing special.  Although the waiter at first brought a hard taco when I had asked for soft, the chicken taco was probably the best part of the meal, with juicy and flavorful chicken.  Valle Luna has been a long-time Valley favorite for Sonoran Mexican food, but it's not quite what it used to be.
4	For years now it's been my favorite Mexican restaurant. We ate there this last week and were a little disappointed. I still think it's a good place, but the food was a little on the bland side. I'm hoping this was just due to a different cook during the holidays. Anyone else experience this?.Update 12-13-09Eaten there a few times in the last few weeks. Everything seems to be back up to the quality I'm used to.
5	I've noticed some people comment saying "I don't like Sonoran/New Mexican mexican food."...then why are you eating Mexican food in a primarily Sonoran Mexico area? Do you see an ocean? No, this isn't Baja.Valle Luna is the premier place to get Sonoran mexican food. The portions are copious, the flavors are bold, and the food is consistently good.I can't think of anything bad for this place.
4	Just got back from here after celebrating my friend's birthday. As always, I'm a little hesitant to try something new. But this time, I really enjoyed myself. The service was fine, food was plentiful and divine. I liked the local feel of it. I'll definitely be returning, it's been a long time since I've had some good Mexican food.Oh, and I agree with Randy G., don't expect Baja flavor when you're dining at a restaurant which advertises the fact that they service Sonoran Mexican cuisine.
4	In the search to quash a craving for some good chips & salsa.. I was told to try this place out.. and as my gps was taking too long to find me.. and where Im going?!.. I took the advice of a wise..and 'should be ..would be yelper'.. and made the left on Cave Creek.. Loved the chips.. Im quite picky about my chip texture and salsa spice and texture too.. Even opted for a ala carte chicken taco..service a bit slow.. but all in all Im a fan:-)
4	My boyfriend and I go here at least once or twice a month, and while its not top notch mexican food, its pretty darn good. The chips and salsa are great-especially the "hot" salsa that they only bring you on request. I even bought hot and regular salsa to bring to a mexican dinner party I was attending once. I always get the same thing because a. its really good, and b. nothing else can tempt me away from it. Its the shrimp stuffed poblano chilies. It isnt swimming in grease or tons of cheese, the peppers and shrimp have always tasted amazing, AND its served with calabacitas, which I love! The chunks of zuccini with corn, tomatoes, onions just make me smile! My bf really likes their chimichangas and a chicken fundido burrito too. Another added bonus is the coupon that comes in the mail (the clipper maybe?) that gives you buy one entree get one free. I love it! They also have their fajitas at a discounted price on Thursdays right now!
4	Awesome enchiladas.. yummy beanhood.. best salsa that Ive found outside of New Mexico.. Luna your a 4:-)
4	If you've read any of my reviews, it's no surprise that I take into account the fact that Valle Luna is what it is... it's not backed by some culinary genius mixing up roasted pepper foams to top off a taco. This is downright classic, fried, greasy goodness.There is some history to my love of the Mexican food. I originally wanted to be a chef so at the young age of 12 I got my first prep cook job in a small town at Zapatas Mexican Restaurant. It wasn't long until I was 13 and running the kitchen at night. I'm sure this was illegal, but who cared in Page/Lake Powell, AZ?Long story short - I ended up pursuing another career, the owner passed away and the new ownership screwed up the recipes and menu. Since then, I have been on an endless journey to find my 'Zapatas' here in the Valley. The closest I had found was El Minuto in Tucson. And then one day, my brilliant friend and co-worker invited me to lunch.That's when...I met Valle Luna.It's been a dirty love affair ever since. A time warp back to my youthful days at Zapatas. The chips are fried in-house. The shredded beef tacos are everything I remembered them to be. I finally have found a reincarnated Zapatas!!!!This is true Sonoran Mexican food as it was meant to be.
4	NIce place. Food is good and affordable, yet it's nice enough to have a semi-fancy night out at too.
5	This is a family favorite, and my 5 stars represents that as such.If you are looking for an old-school Sonoran style Mexican restaurant, with a good assortment of foods on the menu, this is the place.   You will get the good old fashioned, better not be on a diet, combo plates, fried goodies with cheese,  and likely leave with a to-go box.  You will certainly be able to find lighter fare, but we go for that margarita, cheese crisp, and whatever else is looking good that day.The chips and salsa are amazing.  Incredible happy hour specials- 1/2 price on most appetizers in the bar.  And the bar is very relaxed, sports on TV's, etc.Food is very reliable, service is familiar, friendly and efficient.  Frequently a wait on Friday nights, so plan your time accordingly.
5	Not much to look at on the outside, but best mexican food in Phoenix.  Actually voted #1 by local paper in 2009.  Very reasonable priced as well.  A must if you want good, low-key, mexican.
4	Walking in, probably the first thing I noticed was that the carpet looked like it was straight out of a Chuckie Cheese.  Don't worry though, that's pretty much the only thing they have in common.The service was pretty good.  Drink orders were fast and they dropped warm chips and hot and mild salsas at the same time to snack on.I ordered the Flautas with shredded chicken.  The number 7 combo.  It seemed to come pretty quickly and was quite tasty.  The refried beans were topped with a good amount of shredded cheese as well.  The guac was quite good as well.  The biggest travesty of this meal was that I had semi recently eaten and was pretty full and unable to finish it.Price for combo a soda and tip was $20.00Would definitely go back.
4	Nothing more to say than it is great!! The salsa is fantastic as well.
4	The crowd is a on the older side...they have pretty good drink specials during the week....a 3 dollar blue moon is hard to find these days lol....the service is good and fast. Although one server got a little mad that people actually blog about service haha. I also learned if you tip the bartender good they might "forget" to charge for a drink or 2 ; )
4	Have been here several times in the past few years. Most recent trip was Friday night with a couple girlfriends. I had a $25 gift certificate from restaurant.com & decided to use it, such an awesome deal! We started out with some drinks. I had a strawberry Patron margarita & it was tasty. Jessica had some cocktail with Sweet Tea vodka & it was so good. Vanessa had a Michelob Ultra, can't go wrong there. Their chips & salsa are standard but pretty good. We all ordered way too much food, I think we were more in the mood to drink than eat (we were heading out to the bars afterwards). For dinner: Vanessa ordered their cheese crisp with chicken, Jessica ordered their bean & cheese burrito & I ordered their chicken chimichanga. The portions were HUGE so we left with 3 FULL to go containers. Oh & I forgot her name, but our server was so sweet & not at all bitchy about me using the g.c. Overall, I like Valle Luna & will continue to come here for some yummy Mexican food!
5	By far the best Mexican food place around! I have been going to Valle Luna since I was a kid and the food is always up to par. You know what you are getting when you go. Sometimes the service can be streaky but overall one of the better places to go. Last time i tried their Cheese crisp extraordinaire. It was freaking amazing. I love when you pile steak, bell peppers, cream cheese, onions, and more into a cheese crisp.
2	Make the trip the location on 35th Avenue and Bell Rd. This one's salsa and food are kind of sub-par.
4	I wish we had a closer Valle Luna to our home, but this one is worth the drive.I bought a gift certificate from restaurant.com and took my 3 kids to this restaurant for a night out with mommy. I hadn't been there in years.The waiter was prompt at keeping my massive amounts of iced tea flowing, and was very nice. I ordered the pollo fundido and it was fabulous. Whatever seasoning they use on the chicken was so tasty. It was probably the best pollo fundido I've ever had. Chips and salsa and my kids' food was great as well. I've been eating here for over 10 yrs, and I never really enjoyed it all that much until this experience. I will definitely be back with another gift certificate :)
5	I still love Valle Luna and usually make it there at least once a month. Their mexican pizza is HUGE and tastes amazing. And it's almost better the morning after re-heated. It may not be fancy, but they are obviously doing something right- the place is always packed, and I'm a devout fan!
1	Gross.  Wife didn't even bother to take left-overs.  Place does not look clean.  A warning sign for us should have been that this "mexican" place is staffed with gringo servers.  Every quesadilla we ordered arrived soggy, not a single item we ordered was crisp.   Margarita was one of the worst we've had in the north valley (which is really saying something).  Kids seats had broken seat belts.All of this is sad because we had high hopes for this place especially after reading the positive reviews.Not mexican, but infinitely better is Mi Comida at 43rd Ave & Bell.
3	I frequent this Valle Luna often because my grandmother loves it. It has been one of her favorite restaurants for over 3 decades and what grammie wants grammie gets. The gradual decline in the customer service has become painfully obvious over the years. The food usually arrives in different intervals, and often before we get our silverware. The tables are so close together you have to practically scream to hear your dining partners. The salsa is flavorful yet has no spice, and the last cheese crisps we ordered were soggy and undercooked. The silverware is disgusting, they've obviously been using it for over 30 years. We went last night and observed one of the most incompetent and rude hosts in history. He was a smart ass teenage blond boy that kept pronouncing peoples names wrong. I watched as he past over two separate groups due to the mispronunciations (can he not read his own writing?) I couldn't take it anymore and hipped them to the situation, he responded with indignant rudeness instead of apologies. Luckily for him the group was half tanked from sitting in the bar so they waited to be seated before complaining. Now all this aside. Valle Luna makes the best grilled pork chimichanga I have ever tasted. Hands Down. Order it, gain 5 pounds, thank me later. 5 star chimi, 1 star service, = 3 star review.
2	Went here with a friend who is from the area, I must say at first walking in I was not impressed with the service at all.  There was a kid at the counter messing with the computer who did not even greet us I was under the impression he must be a server.  Low and behold after 6-7 minutes he turns to seat us, he was the hostess after all.We were her for lunch the parking lot and dining room we sat in were pretty full, nothing fancy at all.  I don't think anything has been updated in about 20 years or so. The waitress was no better, she gave us our waters and didn't return to take our order for a good 15 minutes.  I had a shredded beef taco and a green chili tamale, again not impressed.  The taco was typical the tamale was loaded with way too much melted cheese on top so all you could taste was the cheese.  My friend had the steak fudido which she says is the best she has ever had.  I do admit it was pretty tasty and the meat was very flavorful.  Although, the overall experience is enough to ensure I won't be returning.
4	They have a surprising amount of vegetarian options, just stick w green sauce as the red sauces are beef based. Love their salsa, it all seems to be cooked rather than fresh but I still enjoy it, and just the right amount of heat.
4	Not sure how they do it, but somehow I always get swept into drinking margaritas at their happy hour here.  I should add, this place has an awesome happy hour!  Don't make the mistake of ordering a bunch of appetizers thinking they will be small because they are so cheap during happy hour, as all of the appetizers are huge!  I went here with a gal pal of mine for the first time during happy hour and we ended up with a whole table of food because we ordered 3 appetizers...We were eating Mexican for the next 3 days!  I have never been on the restaurant side, but the bar is great and the service is generally outstanding (had bad service only once).  There are a lot of regulars that go to this place making it always fairly packed.  If you want a quiet Mexican restaurant this is not it.  Parking can be a pain in the booty because the lot is generally full.  There are some lots near it and to my knowledge I have not seen anyone towed.
3	I live 5 minutes from the valle luna mex. restaurant.  I have eaten their numerous times because of locality and party invitations.  I have never been crazy about their food.  It is" valley of the sun sonoran style mexican food"  but it just doesn't hit the spot with me.  They have a big following, crowded all the time.  Alot of the reason is they run specials tuesday (reduced price for seniors) and wed. (family nite).  I think some of the reason I don't care for the place is I have been treated poorly 3 times in the past.  Have you ever noticed that a place that has alot of business tend not to go out of their way to make you feel special?  Well if I'm going to spend alot of money and make them money  I expect more than the food, I expect service and made to feel that I'm important and they are willing to go out of their way to make me happy.  Unfortunately I don't get that feeling from the waitresses or the management.  But, there is always a but, if you like fajitas, I think they have the best around and on wed. you can get the single for 10 bucks.  They have really jacked up the price the last few years.  1 order is usually enough for 2., but if your really hungry, don't order the double, order 2 singles, I think its a better deal.  So now instead of turning left to valle, I turn right and go to Manuels on cave creek, better food, better service.  Oh and sit in the bar eddie the bartender is a crack up.   Bob: and there you have the truth.  Ciau.
2	I don't think the sassy waitress with the dyed black bun of hair loved that I was speaking to her in Spanish when I ordered. Ugh. Someone who thinks they speak Spanish! Uh, I do speak Spanish and you keep responding to me in English. Why are you doing this? I'm just telling you I want the machaca enchilada and the pork tamal combo plate. I am also curious about the advertised prickly pear margarita. I ask you if its good, and what it tastes like. OK, so you hate my questions, just smile at me please.So my friend ordered the fundido special, which was a pile of food and then a mess of cheese sauce served on top. Seriously? He's a gringo and he liked it. Oh well.My combo plate was just OK, nothing really to write home about. Melted cheese has a way of just looking messy and greasy especially when the plate has just been pulled from the microwave. Nothing all that spicy since that would make the gringos skittish.The prickly pear margarita? Decent but really kind of sweet and pinkish. Apparently this is a very popular place what with the fact that almost every parking place was taken.
5	I love Mexican food and this is one of my favorites. Warm, fresh and never ending chips...wonderful salsa. Last night I ordered something different than I usually do (pollo fundido) and it was delicious. It was super busy last night so service and food was slower than it usually is (typically we get our food fast) but our server still managed to stop by and check on us, get us more chips and provide refills. I keep trying other Mex places but this is still the best.
1	Four stars?? I think not. The lovely had lunch here previously, said it was good. We went for an early dinner. The decor is old and walking in it was damp and smelled like someone's basement. The whole feel of the place is dark and damp and sorry, not clean. Yeah, like gum under the table not clean.Nice waitress takes our drink order and comes back with yummy chips and salsa. This was the highlight of the meal. Not wanting a carbo load, I order a breakfast burro with chorizio [menu says, egg, cheese, chorizo]. I get a very nice tortilla loaded to the gills with chorizo, couldn't find the egg or the cheese. WTF?? It wasn't even delish chorizo but since I was famished, I ate a third and pushed the plate away. Lovely had chicken taco platter. He ate one and said it was bad, it had no taste. He pushed his plate aside with the remainder untouched. Waitress asked what was wrong and he told her and then she asked me. I told her it was just okay. To their credit, they took Jeff's food off the bill. Damage already done. Awful. Will not go back. E v e r.
4	Some of the best Mexican food in the valley and the happy hour rocks
4	Chips were pretty good, thin and crispy served with three different kinds of salsa. Tried the baja shimp burrito, could possibly be the best thing I've ever had at a Mexican restaraunt!!! So much flavor and generously stuffed with shrimp
4	My wife & I have enjoyed Valle Luna CCR for 4 years - either dining there or take-out - averaging once a month. Reading some of the other comments underlines the vast differences in perception among people. Apparently, some folks actually compute ratios of cheese to chorizo, or pen subjective analysis of under table cleanliness (??) Whatever. I enjoy this place because it consistently delivers top quality Sonoran food, served hot, in ample quantity and at a fair price. The House Margaritas are (IMHO) the best tasting (and best value) in Phoenix - perfect blend of decent Tequila & just-right mix. Warm tortilla chips & outstanding dip salsas hit the deck within minutes of sitting down. So if your looking for a friendly neighborhood Mexican restaurant with a fun cocktail lounge - here it is. If you need an upscale Mexican style "dining experience", I suggest the many choices available over in Snobsdale.
4	Valle Luna is no doubt one of my top 3 Mexican restaurants in AZ. I find myself craving it at times and nothing else will do! It's an older restaurant with few updates. The parking lot is an absolute nightmare, and we usually end up parking on the street to the North. The service is okay- seems to vary depending on day and time.The food, however is so delicious that I just have to give this 4 stars. I could probably just come and eat chips and salsa and be completely satisfied. They are delish! The menu is big and varied. I'm a bit limited being a Veg, but the beans never disappoint. The rest of the food all looks wonderful and fresh. It seems a bit costly to me at times when compared to other similar establishments, but I seem to forget that when I'm in the place eating!
4	Cant go wrong with this place. I cant keep going to the same mexican place for dinner all the time so have to change it up every now and then. Valle Luna is about 2nd or 3rd on our list so oddly enough I had not reviewed it. All of their food is good, only downside is there margaritas arent the best.Been coming here forever with my family and now with my own, My 1997 little league baseball team picture is on the wall which is always a good laugh. Thanks for the sponsorship back in the day!!!!!
4	Still the best Mexican food in AZ. Bar None! Been here multiple times and it will continue!
4	I wish I could give Valle Luna a full five stars, but the service the last couple of times we have been there has not been bueno.  Our last waitress barely even waited on us - we received most of our service from bus boys who realized our drinks and chips were empty and just couldn't avoid us any longer.  Aside from the lack of service on the last couple of visits though, I'm just in love with Valle Luna.  It's like that boyfriend who you know is bad for you but you just can't resist going back!  Number one food recommendation hands down - the CARNE ASADA FUNDIDO!  I swear there's crack cocaine mixed in with the fundido sauce.  Only kidding of course, but that's how good this plate is.  This on top of the awesome hot sauce they serve by request with the chips, and I'm done for the night.  Yes, done.  Fat, happy, comatose done.  Love it.
4	My wife and I frequent VL quite often,especially when we have the BOGO coupon. What a great deal! I agree the parking could be better,but hey,I've been more frustrated in a lot larger lots. The hosts could be more attentive and friendlier at times but,all in all, pretty typical of teens with their first attempts in the working world. Sometimes we wait as long as 15 min. but it is usually worth the wait. Have been going to the Cave Creek Rd. VL for many years and can only remember one really bad dining experience. Everyone has an off night now and then I guess. Usually I get the Pollo Fundido (awesome and filling) and my wife gets the Baja Shrimp Tacos (she won't even try anything else cuz they're so good!) The  building could use some updating. New carpet and fresh paint would do wonders. They did put a new fan in the waiting area. :)  The service is usually adequate but seldom outstanding due to the fact that they are usually very busy. If you happen to be fortunate enough to catch them during a slow time it is a very pleasant dining experience with great service. Hopefully Valle Luna will be there for many more years!
1	I have not sat down to eat here, I have always got it to go. The food here is just bland. How people give it four stars just blows my mind. The food seemed like it was sitting around for awhile in the kitchen before beeing served. I live 2 blocks from the place, so it didn't happen because I had to drive home. I have given it multiple tries to make make sure it wasn't a one time bad mealI would not recommend this place to anyone.
3	Warning, the salsa, spinach queso, guacamole are pretty spicy. This is coming from real Mexicans, well at least 1/2.  My kids usually love guacamole and their mouths were on fire. They kept on asking for more water, LOL. The spinach queso was a little watery, especially for the $6 we paid for it. Overall, the food was good, but not "great." The service was pretty good. I don't know why we had to wait so long upon arrival when there were plenty of empty tables on a Sunday Evening. I have had much better in So. CA.
3	It's americanized versions of mexican food.  Don't go here if you're looking for the real thing, only the american-washed version of the real thing.  The wait staff is usually pretty ok, but the hostesses are by far the worst.  I don't understand how they even got jobs as the face of the restaurant/first person you see when you walk into the establishment.  They always seem to be teenage girls who are too busy talking to each other to give a damn about customers coming in.  When they do turn around to service you, they act like you're ruining their day instead of paying them their paychecks.  :P Also, if you're under 65 I don't recommend going during the day, it's a Senior Citizens playground before happy hour.
5	I love this place me and my sis go here everyweek for girls night out !!!! We love the food and the service everyone there knows us and is so helpful and friendly the fajitas and sopapias are the best in town. It's great for large parties or dinner for two . They have weekly specials almost everynight of the week and yummy drinks too. Must go if you havent been yet!!!
1	I lived in Mexico for six years, and I have to say this place has some of the worst Mexican food I've ever tried.  I've had better Mexican food in Hong Kong!!!  The waiters are slow, and leave a lot to be desired in terms of manners.  The food tastes like nothing more than grease with cheese.
4	Great food & quick service. I like how they have black beans as a side option.
1	okay...where to start.I drive past this spot every day, and it is always busy!  WOW!I'm thinking this place must be hella good Mexican to be so busy.I gotta try that place sometime.My friend gave me a gift card so I went alone for a lunch/ test drive.I was excited! I ordered the most expensive item on the menu.Steak and Chicken Fajitas $14.95and ala carte chicken enchilada.I should have left when there was a hair in my salsa but I know shit happens and let it go back with the server.Here come my Fajitas!!  SIZZLING platter of 90% ONIONS.ONIONS!!  I had to dig for the few scraps of beef jerky and boiled chicken.I'm not kidding. And I did make a tortilla and try it......one bite was too much. Well, at least I had my enchilada right?I was so bland that it couldn't have been more than boiled chicken...no seasoning at all.The worst meal of my life.I tipped the poor server 20% figuring she had a hard enough life working there.I will never go back
4	This location is nothing like the 35th Ave and Bell location, thank God! I ordered the carne asada tacos, one chicken, one steak. Oh my were they fabulous. Both meats were cooked perfectly tender and seasoned. Tortillas were fresh and soft. Beans and rice were a great side, as they each had good flavor. The chips and salsa here are addictive and yummy. Very fresh and flavorful. Service was good and it was extremely busy so brownie points.
4	It is fabulous at what it is- a delightfully tacky Mexican restaurant with delicious food and friendly service. Watch for the monthly mailers with buy one get one free offers.
4	They do a great chicken fundido.  And the luncheon chicken fajitas are great also.  At $10.95 the luncheon fajitas are a deal.  A good portion of chicken breast tenders, peppers, tomatoes, and the onions... oh the caramelized onions.  Good chips and salsa.  Always great service.  The only occasional issue is waiting at the front to get seated, this can be frustrating.  But once you're seated, dig in and enjoy.  Its also nice that they send out the monthly BOGO mailer.
1	GROSS AND DISGUSTING- what happened? I used to live in area and the food was really good. Now it smells in there like damp and sewer and the furniture and carpet are dated.The food is nasty! Tortilla chips are over cooked. POLLO FUNDIDO is supposed to be shredded chicken crispy tortilla and cream cheese. we got greasy stewed chicken meat, soggy tortilla, a smear of cream cheese. I asked the server why my fundido wasn't crispy and she told me that the cheese makes it soggy! Obviously she's never had a decent fundido - only the garbage they serv there. and when I asked for more cream cheese they charged me for it. Next time I want pollo fundido ill go to carlos obrians. But ill never go back to valle luna on cave creek, so disappointing and not worth the $32 we spent on 2 lunch entrees.
3	This post is actually from early September... i wanted to give it 2 stars but only because of distance from me... which is not the restaurant's fault. so 3 it is.  the chips were outstanding which is usually always the first indicator of a mexican food restaurant's quality. The arroz con pollo was flavorful and not too dry (which is often the case). The rice had great spice to them (flavor spice, not heat spice) and the black beans were also above avg. Ambiance was full w mexican tapestries and the wait staff, although less "authentic" than i would've expected, were helpful when asked. However, i knocked one star off because it was obvious each of them were serving cuz it was their job... not because they enjoyed being there. And they made that known through body language. knock another star for lighting (dim) and their intention for table turnover was more apparent than i would've liked it to be. I felt somewhat rushed, probably in an effort to accommodate the wait.
5	This place was amazing very authentic .... hands down one of the best Mexican places I have been to in the pheonix area customer service/ waitress was incredidible very attentive and catered to our need I would definately come back to this place mmm mmm great as Tony the tiger would say :-) come on down
4	I finally tried out Valle Luna on Sunday.  I must say that the food is authentic and one of the better Mexican restaurants in the Valley.  The salsa and chips are homemade and simply tasty.  I had the fish tacos that were fried and came with cabbage and soft shells - delicious.The waitress that served me was attentive.  I must say that the seating did take a while and I was one of two people in line, hence no five star here.  The portions were decent, the tacos could have had more fish in them.Overall I am pleased with the restaurant and you will be too.
3	Only been here once, a Thursday night.  It was very busy (usually a good sign) and we waited 15 min for a table.  Had good chips/salsa, took a few minutes to get our drinks, then once we ordered food was out in maybe 15 minutes at the most.  I have chicken tacos, they were good.  I wasn't blown away by anything, but everything was solid.  I will definitely be going back, and would be willing to amend my review to 4 stars if they have a few spectacular items.
3	Chips and salsa are homemade and tasty.  Prices are reasonable.  Portions good.  I love their coupons!
4	We had amazing service in the lounge, young lady server was fantastic, chips and salsa excelent. food was good, happy hour great prices.  Always a busy place.
4	This is one of my favorite places to go with my family for some great authentic Mexican food. I have been coming here since I was a kid and have never been disappointed!  The always provide fresh salsa and chips, and the best bean burritos! One thing that can always improve is the service time. They can be a bit quicker on refills on drinks and chips and salsa. Otherwise, great food and service.
5	Like others, I too drive by this place and it's always packed with cars in its lot. Drove by many times to eat here and always had a line out the door, until tonight and there was a free spot  up front. I took it and went in. The food was very unlike many other Mexican Places in town which i find refreshing! LOVE IT! The waitress was very nice and NOTHING was wrong with my food. Large portions and very yummy! Will be back if i can find a free spot!!!!
2	I want to give a higher rating, the food was a 4, the service was a 2, the menu on the table was a 1. We thought we were ordering happy hour margaritas but when the bill came they were full price. I guess the little menu they put on the table only had a few items that apply when you dine in. Not cool.
4	Very good food here. Big portions. Friendly staff. A Phoenix staple for many years. It;s a good choice. Go early - always busy.
4	Going through the mail one day and ran across a coupon for Valle Luna.  Then I went to Yelp to check out the reviews.  Reviews were mixed, but hubby and I were craving Mexican so we decided to give it a try.  We arrived there and the parking lot was packed on a Wed.  Turns out, they have awesome dinner specials on Weds.  The wait was 20 minutes, 10 minutes later our table was ready.  Waitress (sorry, can't remember her name!) was awesome.  I told her it was our first time and she explained the specials.  Chips and salsa arrived with our drinks.  The chips were hot and not greasy, and the salsa had a nice heat to it.  These were the best chips and salsa I've had.  Waitress comes by and takes our order and asks if we had a coupon - which I totally forgot I had. I told her I didn't know if it was a better deal if I did the Wed dinner special or took advantage of the coupon.  She said that normally, the coupon is a better deal.  So she takes our order and leaves.  5 minutes later she stops by and says that the she ran the check both ways, and the coupon is a better deal.  WHO DOES THAT!!!  That is awesome. 10 minutes later, our food arrives popping hot.  Hubby had the fajitas and I had the machaca chimichanga.  The portions were big.  The food was delish, not too salty, seasoned perfectly, and not too greasy.  The rice was moist and fluffy - normally at other Mex restaurants, they are dry.  Our drinks were refilled consistently.  Overall, great food and great service.  We definitely will be back.
5	yummy mexican food excellent customer services. I beleive I've been going to Valley Luna for 15+ years.  Big portions, and great lunch specials.
4	Great service! Good advice on food choices.
2	My wife and I have passed this place numerous times this past year and the parking lot was always full,  Well today I purchased a $10 coupon for $1.60 and decided to try the food.  What we have found in our travels is that Mexican food varies greatly from the Chicago area to North Dakota to Denver and now Phoenix.  I really enjoy seafood soup, but have not found it yet, and not here.  I settled for the veggie and meatball soup which was only fair.  THe street tacos were steak and mexican sausage.  Taste was very good, yet they were extremely greasy,  My wife ordered a chimmichanga which had the sour cream and quacamole she loves.  Everything was smothered in sauce and topped with a mound of sour cream.  THe rice and beans were the standard fare served at every Mexican restaurant.  She said it was okay but not great, The best part of our experience was our service.  THe staff was very attentive and our drinks were kept full without asking,  Even now I don't know why the place is always packed after eating there,  One thing I am learning about the Phoenix food scene is that overall food seems to be not on par with what I've had back both in the east and midwest and is generally overpriced,  Overall I'd give Phoenix 2 stars so far for food, but our search continues for good food at fair prices.
3	I have been here several times as I have a friend that lives two blocks away.  The secret to Valle Luna's success is that they serve food that is predictable.  Anglos have embraced this place for years because it is safe. It will not challenge your palate with unusual or unique spices or tastes.  The clientele most nights look like people who consider Applebee's to be Haute Cuisine ....the real reason they are always busy is each month they send out two for one coupons in our local mailers. So it makes for a cheap lunch or dinner.  And I applaud this marketing coup.   No coupon no Valle Luna!   Service has always been good and they move fast and are attentive
4	I have been going to one Valle Luna or another for the past 15 years. Their food is standard Mexican-in-Arizona and plentiful for the most part, but guess what I just found out? THEY HAVE GREAT CHICKEN WINGS! I know, weird, huh? My faves are the honey-hot, fried and grilled.
4	We travel a lot and visit many Mexican restaurants.  This is just about our favorite.  Menu prices are a little high, but they have many specials.  DON'T MISS THIS ONE!
1	"Went to Valley Luna on a Sunday for the specials I found using the Happy Hour app. $2 drafts and mimosas. Got there asked about the specials, they would not honor those prices, said they're $2.50. I decided to leave and the waitress bad mouthed me to my girlfriend..."
5	Best Mexican in Phoenix (so far in my 6 years here).Food is all around great. Authentic Mexican platter style dishes at reasonable prices. Their frijoles de Ora(I think that's what the say) are amazing and my wife will drag me there just for chips and salsa! Wednesday nights, kids meals are like $1.50 and they have a menus of about a dozen dinner plates for under 8 bucks. Amazing to eat a huge meal for 4 at under $20! Believe me tho, it's worth coming on regular price nights anyway. The bar is always busy and they seem to have a good selection of both hard and soft beverages. Enjoy!
5	Great Authentic Mexican food.  The chimichanga with the green chile sauce is a definite must .
5	I have been coming to Valle Luna over 20 years and I have to say that they are my FAV Mexican restaurant in the world! I can't believe I haven't reviewed them yet!They don't always have the best service, but they are always packed because they are so good, so I can see how the waitress can get a little grumpy from being over worked and treated like crap from the people that don't understand.The mini shredded beef taco's, poyo fundito and shredded beef mexican pizza are my favorites!Their chips and salsa are the best of any other mexican restaurant! If any of you rated this not so good after just one try, I beg you to go try them again! Give them one more chance and then let me know what you think. But take my advice order the shredded chicken mexican pizza, it's to die for!
5	Awesome grilled wings, best salsa and hot sauce, great service at the bar, great food specials for football and HH.
4	Great family atmosphere and the food is good, too! From the chips and salsa to tasty fajitas, delicious crispy tacos to just plain old rice and beans-everything was fresh and hot when it got to the table. We went on a busy Friday night and were seated in 15 minutes, served another 10 minutes later. That is great service for packed house. A bit of a drive from Scottsdale but worth it! Definitely take a large group here-the prices are great, too!
4	This is the normal Valle Luna that I go to. Excellent chips and hot sauce. They seem to have specials every night, so waits are common. 15-20 minutes are the average, if you come after 6pm. I find the males servers to be below average. The older lady servers do an excellent job, even in the chaotic evening rush. I love the chimichanga here. Pinto beans are spicy but pretty good. Rice is average. Parking can be tough here, too. They used to have good half price coupons, but not so much, lately.
3	I don't know what it will take for us to lose faith in this place...We come here every so often when we are not very creative with dinner options... and if it is in a Friday we always hate the limited parking : ( the wait : ( and the so so food.We had a certificate this time, so it was a hell of a deal.And, our server Charity was outstanding. She was really friendly and helpful.We ordered the asada/chorizo tacos as appetizer (Pepe's border tacos), they were OK but we didn't love them. The meat/chorizo portion was generous though... and it came with a chile toreado, which I love.Then we shared sizzling beef fajitas. The beans are so so, and there is something about the rice that I don't like... not sure if it is cumin... Daughter had shrimp fajitas, which seemed to be just a few shrimp in a sea of onion and peppers, but I still think it was a reasonable portion. At least they don't charge extra if you order shrimp.I do like how they present the cheese, guacamole and the sour cream in a cute small tortilla shell.Side note:***Self fulfilling prophecy?As a working family, we try what we can to make our dollars go further... I use the Entertainment Book, coupons mailed to us, restaurant.com certificates, etc. And one of the reasons I love this (other than the savings) is that it is because of coupons and certificates that we have found wonderful places that we may have not even noticed otherwise.However, sometimes the service is just awful. And I am starting to believe it may be because servers may have the impression that people using coupons are stingy, and bad tippers... however, we are not... we routinely tip 20% or even more if we round up. Unless, of course, the service is terrible... food for thought...
3	My husband and I come here for dinner every so often.  Being creatures of habit (some say boring, I say hey, I know what I like!) we always order the same thing.  I get chicken fajitas, he gets pollo fundido.  Now, you would think that we would plan this out and come on Thursday nights when it's $11.95 fajita and fundido night, right?  Wrong.  I have no idea why but we totally suck at planning to go on Thursdays.If you get there during normal dinner time you're going to have trouble parking and you're gonna have to wait to get a table.  Tuesday and Wednesday nights are nutty - senior night and family night (kids eat free I think).  Service is usually on the slow side whether the restaurant is busy or not.  My husband loves their chips and salsa.  I personally don't like them all that much because the chips are paper thin and they always seem to be greasy when we're there.  The chicken in the fajitas is always good - very flavorful.  I would like it better if there was more chicken, less onions but such is life.  My husband loves the fundido.  He always looks for something like it on other Mexican restaurant menus but has never found anything he likes better than Valle Luna's fundido.  Their rice and beans have excellent flavor.Overall the food is pretty decent, the service is slow, the parking lot sucks, and good luck getting someone to refill your water glass!
2	The fajita bowl was mediocre. It lacked the quantity of beef a perfect fajita contain but I must say the beef that was there and the vegetables were cooked very well! The employees were very helpful in menu instruction. I feel that the food is over priced but its a cool restaurant. After I left I realized I had forgotten my sunglasses on the table and went back and were very urgent about finding them.
5	I'm compelled to give 5 Stars because my experiences with Valle Luna Cave Creek Road bridge 5 full years of enjoyment. Their special take on Sonoran style food is the best in Phoenix, and the always fresh ingredients help to ensure that. Hot food is served HOT, which for some odd reason is a difficult goal at many other establishments. Great Nacho chips, wonderfully flavorful salsa and my ABSOLUTE FAVE Hot Sauce!  Albondigas soup is as good as you can get outside of an 'autentico" Mexican Mom's kitchen. A new feature, and worth a try, is the "PEDAZOS" appetizer. Outstanding flavor, and the huge portion makes it necessary to share. Burritos - particularly the Steak version (IMHO) - are a treat. On top of the great chow, there is the warm, friendly waitstaff who greet absolute strangers as if they've been a Customer for years. No "Bar Clique" issues here. Conversations are always fun - in all directions - at the bar. I must salute the awesome consistency of both CORY and IAN at the bar, as well as the able efforts of KELLY, their GM - who started a (very long) association with Valle Luna as one of their teenaged hostesses, and whose daughter is now greeting patrons with the same enthusiasm as her Mom! I think that may illustrate what kind of place Valle Luna is. My wife & I have always felt "at home" there, and I think you will too.
5	This place is ahhhhmazing!! Their chips are to die for and tacos, mmmmmm!!!! Definitely recommend this place and I'm from SD, so I know good Mexican food! Haha
5	Favorite Mexican food in town. Can get very busy, but they have great specials. The fundidos are awesome. Great hot chips and the salsa is clearly fresh and made daily. I love the giant shrimp they have for fajitas, salads or the fundidos. Taken many people there, no one has ever disliked it. Prices are very reasonable. Wednesday nights kids eat for a buck!
4	I have been coming here for so many years maybe every 4 months or so, either with my parents that live in the area or with a group of friends that also live not too far.Yeah the place is always busy, parking is crazy, etc etc. But i feel its worth it, they have great specials all the time and the dishes I have tried are very good but not amazing. I always get the fajitas or nachos, both are tasty so that is what I stick to. Chips and salsa are good, chips are crisp and the hot salsa isn't really all that hot. For me Valle Luna is a convenient place to meet, have drinks and catch up with friend and family....get there early or at 5 for the specials.
3	Valle Luna isn't bad but it could be better.
1	First time at this location (have visited the bell road location many times) & I was extremely disappointed. I ordered some chicken sandwich thing that came without the flavored mayo I was excited for so the sandwich was bland & my potato cake that came on the side was near frozen in the middle & inedible. & I had to stare at a dirty table next to use that wasn't cleaned the whole time we were there. Will never go back to this location!
3	Chips and salsa were good.
3	Great little mexican food restaurant..... Long waits. Yummy comida
4	Solid, safe, somewhat gringoey Mexican fare... but decent indeed.I have been coming here for years and usually have a good experience.We usually hit the Cantina because they have a killer happy hour and lots of TVs with the games on. Lots of nibbles under $5 and cheap beer and well drinks. Salsa is tasty but absolutely no heat. Even their "hot" sauce doesn't have heat. My favorite items are the spinach enchiladas ($8 on Wednesdays) and the Mexican pizza ($5 on happy hour).My husband likes their green chili pork, mini tacos, and the chicken tenders basket ( which drives me crazy that he orders American food in a Mexican restaurant). Service is usually good but they can get very busy. I think they have one busser for the whole restaurant so sometimes it can take awhile to get dishes cleared or chips and salsa refills. Happy hour seating can be a war zone with crazies ready to kill each other over tables... luckily they started a happy hour wait list in the bar to prevent bloodshed.I recommend Valle Luna as a place to take out of towners or people scared of Mexican food or spicy food. It is a nice, safe introduction to Mexican food. Or they can commit sacrilege like my husband and order chicken fingers or a burger...
4	We decided to have this for dinner on a whim last night - and called to place a To-Go order about 30 minutes before they were closing.  We felt a little bad, but hey we were hungry and we didn't want fast food.  There were 3 of us, so we all ordered the same thing - Pollo Fundido.  It came with a side of beans and rice and some shredded lettuce and diced tomatoes.  We also got a bag of tortilla chips and salsa (spicy and mild).  The guy who answered the phone didn't seem too thrilled to be taking an order before closing.  But when we went there to pick up the food they were actually friendly and gave us extra salsa for our chips without even asking.  That was cool.  We were able to place our order and pick up our food even before the restaurant closed.  The pollo fundido's were absolutely delicious and hit the spot!!  We were mmm'ing and awwww'ing almost every bite.  I would definitely order this dish again and again.  They served a lot of Mexican rice, which I wasn't too excited about, but I'm not a big fan of Mexican rice anyway...but the refried beans were great.  I'm officially a fan of this place!
2	Went to the one on Bell about 5 years ago and it was great. Revisited this place last weekend and something happened - It wasn't good at all...Sorry Valle Luna
3	I came here after raving reviews from a coworker. The parking lot was full so I thought I was in for a great experience. Obviously they brought out chips and salsa like any other Mexican food restaurant would. The chips were stale but the salsa was tasty. There was a hot and medium sauce available. The was perfect for me but then again I don't like my salsa too spicy anyway. I also ordered a margarita but when it arrived to the table was definitely under whelmed. It was really small considering the size of margaritas at other Mexican restaurants. Hopefully this was a lunch size special.  For lunch I ordered the chicken chimichanga plate.  I definitely had good flavor.  It was up to par with other Mexican restaurants around the valley. If I were in the area I would eat there again but I wouldn't make a cross town trip just to eat here.
5	LoVe this restaurant  and the prices----I will be back
5	Very good food and reliable service. Prices are good too. Parking and wait time can be a problem on weekend evenings.  I've ordered the Chicken Enchilada casserole several times or parties/functions. It is always a hit!
4	Food was great as always.  Grilled steak burro and some tacos always a good call.  Great chips and salsa that are at your table by the time your sitting down.  Service is bland but the food makes up for it.  Great cantina for some drinks too!  Older crowd tho
5	After reading the reviews about this place, I just had to go and check it out. There was alot of people but not overcrowded, it was alot of families and there kids. The food was awesome!! I had the fundido with jalapeno cream cheese and it was so good!! It had this awesome unique taste to it where you just couldnt stop eating, even when full. This was the only place that makes there mexican rice exactly like my moms!! It was delish! You can tell there refried beans were very authentic. Ive been to alot of mexican restaurants and this one is by far the best!
2	If you want store brand, cheap salsa to go along with the rest of your bland food, this is the place to go!We live fairly close to this location and have heard mixed reviews, some have explained the horrible things it will do to your stomach while some have said it's the best in the valley. We came in for dinner last weekend to give it a try. Boy were we disappointed...First off, the salsa tastes good but if I wanted store bought salsa, I would stop at Fry's and pick some up on my way home. When I go out to eat at a Mexican restaurant I expect they aren't opening a jar of Pace and dumping it into a bowl. I ordered the taco salad with shredded chicken. While there was a lot of chicken, I couldn't believe they used bagged lettuce with giant chunks of carrots and radishes. At no point does a taco salad recipe call for carrots or radishes. It was a cheap presentation on top of cheap ingredients. I will say the guacamole was good, I'd love to know what store they buy it from so I can pick some up as well. We have no desire to be back. If you want some good Mexican food try Don Ruben's on Cactus.
5	Food was served quick, fast and tasty! We arrived around 550 pm and was reminded about the happy hour that ended at 6. We ordered our drinks and food and both arrived quickly. The food was hot and fresh. This is a must stop location if you are in the area. Highly recommended.
5	I just ate here for the billionth time. Old crappy interior that needs some serious updating (the barstools are too short in the bar, weird) but who cares? the food is so damn good I would eat it standing up if I had to. I have never had a bad meal here. Awesome tacos, tamales...appetizers are really, really good. And it's cheap. They always have some deal on drinks every day. I love this place. It is always busy so be prepared to wait. Eat in the bar if you don't want to wait. Same menu.
4	Good food, helpfull waiters, different varieties of Mexican plates n meat
3	Been going for years for lunch.  Food is consistent and good if a little high.  Of course, I think all mexican food is usually overpriced.  We always ask for Elizabeth.  We can call ahead and tell her we are coming and we don't even have to order; she just knows! The bus ladies know us and keep us filled with chips and salsa.  (my boss is a salsa pig and hogs it all so they bring us extra)
5	Went here for happy hour and sat in the cantina, chips and salsa were delivered immediately and were delicious. Our server was kind and on top of it. The meal I got seemed a little over cooked but besides that everything was delicious and their happy hour prices were great.
4	Love this place. Me and a few friends head up here at least 3x a week for happy hour and house margaritas. Gets a little expensive but everything we've had has always been really good.
4	Good food and great drinks. They pour them strong here and the prices are good. Thursday night is senior night so it is BOGO for those over 55. It makes it a packed house and parking can be tough. Try the Fundido.
5	One of my favorite mexican places. awesome tacos and margs for great prices and the service has always been good. fast too, never had to wait even though its busy
5	I could probably get my elite status revoked for saying this...but it dawned on me that as much as I've eaten here over the years I have never reviewed Valle Luna. Valle Luna is one of those places you just kind of take for granted. Like a sweet guy who maybe isn't exactly your type and is in the friend zone and  is always around until he disappears and then you are like "Where'd you go?". My analogy isn't the best,,,but I know what I mean!So it always makes me smile when people "tell" me about Valle Luna. "There's this good little Mexican place on Cave Creek"...."Oh...Valle Luna?"...."Yes!"Valle Luna is a place where I have had many a happy hour and super casual dinner. I prefer the cantina as I feel the service is slightly better in there...(not that I have had poor service in the restaurant it is just "happier" in the cantina.) Like my daughter told me just last night when I pointed out I like the cantina better...She said, "Yeah...the restaurant is for old people". I replied with "Yeah, and we are NOT old", which is funny because...well...I am actually old and was appreciative that my daughter didn't point that out like she normally does.I love their seafood taco dinner with cod as well as their steak tacos. I also love that you can substitute calabicitas for the rice/beans. That gives Valle Luna a star right there. They have a really good Happy Hour menu too.So if someone mentions a Mexican place they want to go to on Cave Creek-by all means check it out!
5	By far the best Mexican food ever!  I have been going to Valle Luna for over 20 years and they are always delicious!!  Service and food are definitely worth going back for.
5	I Went to this location for the first time yesterday and I wasn't disappointed. It's definitely loud and a little cramp but not uncomfortable at all. Anyone looking for a quiet restaurant to dine in probably wouldnt like it here but seeing how busy they are makes it okay. Plus it kinda sets the atmosphere of the whole restaurant. However  We sat in the cantina, it was a little small but we were able to grab a high top and had both perfect views of the t.v. Their happy hour is awesome and the best part is its all day sunday in the cantina! They have good choices  and prices on cocktails and food. The taco baskets are to die for! They are amazing! And a good size! I could eat them all day! Except i only ate two because i was stuffed haha. Our server was awesome he was super attentive. Being a server I think he did a great job being busy an all. He always got us refills on our drinks, checked up on us, made sure we were happy, and we were! I definitely think I'll be back, especially on sundays and I'll bring a few friends while I'm at it!
5	Valle Luna has always been amazing but tonight we came here for a quick bite after unpacking and my hubby had what we would probably say is the best thing on the menu! He ordered the Sonoran enchilada dinner with red pork and let me tell you it was ABSOLUTELY fantastic! We should have taken a picture of it before he devoured it, but it's a little too late! We definitely recommend it!
4	I am a 20+ year patron of this location and all I can say is great food, good prices and very friendly staff.  What more could a customer want (except maybe for the old sitting area back ). Enjoy
3	First off, the people giving Valle Luna five stars are bonkers. This is a mediocre Mexican restaurant that serves exactly what you'd expect -- watered down margaritas and things in tortillas smothered in cheese. This isn't necessarily a bad thing. I have known people who can eat this type of food all day, every day and not get tired of it. Heck, they might even go on Yelp and give it a coveted five-star. Not this guy.If you're in Arizona and you've never had Mexican food for some reason, I certainly wouldn't start here. There are five-star deserving hole-in-the-wall type restaurants LITTERED all over the valley with names even more Spanish-sounding than Valle Luna. However, if you are the type that enjoys a good Macayo's enchilada, or the margarita mix out of the big plastic bottle--give Valle Luna a try.
5	Great place! Recommended
5	We have been coming to Valle Luna for many years.  It's a good thing that we travel so far to get here,  or we might go here daily,  which would be hard on the wallet and the waistline!     You can always count on it being because the food is so great.   We have never had anything but great food.  Same is true for the service.  Service normally is fairly fast, but you are never hustled to leave.Portions are large,  perhaps accounting for slightly higher prices.   They have great specials Tuesday,  Wednesday and Thursday nights. If you have room for desert,  get their wonderful sopapliias, be sure to ask for the caramel sauce.
5	Great food! Great service! Great atmosphere...99% of the time. The bar can get loud and obnoxious. If the bar is full, avoid it. The dining area is very nice. Order a cheese crisp and a beer. This place does Mexican comfort food right!
5	This place was  recommended to me.as soo. As we walked in we were seated immediately. I had the Fundido which is on special for $11.95 on Thursdays I ate about 1/2 of it and was stuffed. It was soo good. The rice was amazing as well. I tried to eat as much as possible. The waitress came immediately to the table and was very friendly. I will definitely go back anytime I return to Arizona.
5	Absoutely love this place! Best pollo fundido around and I always enjoy their Mango Margarita's. They never disappoint
1	Greeted with the stench of bathroom disinfectant and stale grease at the front door. This place obviously has a neighborhood following that is accustomed to the odors. For a quick lunch ordered an ala carte chile Relleno. The single worst relleno I've been served from LA to AZ, Albuquerque to Oklahoma City. It was saturated in oil and had the charred chile skin left on. The salsa and taco sauce served with the chips tasted  bland and canned. Just a poor choice for Mexican food when there are so many other restaraunts.
4	I really enjoy this restaurant. My go-to tasty delight here is the Fundido. I get it every time. The atmosphere is nice. I've been here quite a few times, and always look forward to going back. Service is typically good. The one incident I did have was when glasses were served to us with someone else's lipstick on them. That one kind of grossed me out!
4	I came out from California and was looking  for good Mexican food. What I found was a diamond in the rough. The tacos were great. The staff was on point and did a great job. Will be coming back.
5	I love this place. Great chips and salsa. Really good food and the staff is great. It's always a good sign when you see lots of regulars.
5	I love it there!  The service is wonderful. We Always go to the bar side, the bar tender serves a whole bunch of tables plus bar, and keeps a smile on! Food is always excellent.  I try to go 2 to 3 times a month! Only Mexican restaurant we go to! :)
5	Love this place. Everything I have ever had has been wonderful. Love the melon margaritas.
2	Had a party of 14 seniors, and came here the on recommendation  of several of them.  Service was worse than terrible.   Some of us got their order the rest of us got the wrong thing  and we all waited 1 to 2 hours for our correct order.  had to beg for drink refills and even for our check.  The food was good but not hot enough.  Will not be coming back
1	EVERYTHING went wrong!Let me just say that when a waiter stands before a group of diners (there were 14 of us) and says, "I apologize for butchering your dinner", you can well imagine that things did not go well.  It took an hour for just some of us to receive our meals at table 1.  My chicken chimi was tasteless.  Imagine shredded, boiled chicken with no seasoning.  It was mushy and greasy and I felt sick before even leaving the restaurant.  Table 2 waited another 35-40 mins and all of their meals were wrong.  They continued to wait and finally more food came out, some of which was fine.  Some was not.  Food was only warm.  Some orders had to be put in yet again.  The waiter kept double-talking and glossing over that little fact.  He mumbled.  He called the women customers "sweetheart" and said other inappropriate things.  I don't know if there were kitchen problems or if this was a waiter problem, but I hope the owner and manager reads this and learns from it.  This was my singularly worst dining experience...ever.
1	Terrible service terrible food. Huge disappointment. The food is plentiful but nothing special. We'll go back to Arriba.
5	I've been coming here for years and here is a custom built gem that is my little present for you.1. Carne Asada Burrito2. Add Fundido Sauce inside it3. Enchilada Style (red sauce)4. Beans and RiceYou are welcome!!!!
4	Very tasty, service was not very good or I'd give it 5 stars-server was not very good. Their jalepeno cream cheese dip is excellent! My fiance even liked the food and he doesn't really like Mexican. Its kind of more like tex-mex than Mexican food. They give you huge portions. It's not too expensive either-kind of like a family dining experience.
1	Came in on a Sunday morning and the place wasn't very busy.   The bar tender was horrible!!   Took awhile to get drinks and asked for extra salsa with our chips, it's been 30 min and still waiting for that extra salsa. Took awhile to order a second drink and I seriously wish I just got up and left before doing so.  Two thumbs down
4	Ended up here after going to the location on Bell Rd and there was a 45 min wait... on a Tuesday! Yes, it was Senior Night, but that was surprising to me. Maybe everyone is in town for Thanksgiving? Or for the winter (snowbirds)? The wait at Cave Creek ended up being about 20 min. Not bad. The food was pretty consistent with our regular location. The chips were a little oilier than I'm used to, but the chicken chimi (no guac or garnish), rice, and beans were very tasty. In fact, I think the rice was not as dry as the Bell location has been. Got to use our buy one, get one free coupon. I still wish there was a Valle Luna in the west valley! Once a month we drive 24 miles each way to eat at Valle Luna. Would love to have an Avondale/Goodyear location!
4	Lunch specials are good.  Great Mexican food, close by.  Had fajitas.  The decor could be updated and service at first is a bit slow, overall-good.
3	Great stop for tasty mexi food reasonably priced and lively atmosphere . We like the casual atmosphere . I think the sports bar is fun to hang out and watch all the happening
5	This place is great !!! I love the food and the staff are always super friendly !! They also have good prices
3	Tina was an excellent server and replenished our beverages before our drinks were even half empty.The fajitas were very tasty but didn't have enough meat (combination of steak and shrimp). The ground beef Mexican pizza had a lot of ground beef that was cooked perfectly and a variety of cheeses as well as green and red peppers and onions.The chips and salsa were worth the price of admission.I've had the opportunity to eat here twice now (I live out of town) and can't wait to get back.
