4	Southern-fusion healthy eats at a kitschy-style restaurant in the heart of the south-Charlotte area. Stone crest is a strip-mall, right off the 485 expressway.There are a ton of different vegetarian dishes and with the addition of turkey bacon and no red-meat in sight, this place makes a healthy alternative to the usual fast-food jungle.I had the hummus wrap which was de-lish. Red pepper wrap, hummus, feta cheese, rosemary potato's, and field greens. At our table we also had a fried-green tomato BLT, a veggie burger, and a chicken sandwich. All were served with these enormous biscuits and apple butter.They serve beer and wine and some fun champagne concoctions. Endless sodas, tea, etc.Spend $40.00 for 4 people, so it is not a bank breaker.Long wait, we ended up eating at the lunch counter, and the service was slow.
4	This new location is just as good as the one in Atlanta, thank god!!  The eggseptional eggs are so good you'll want to slap your mother (who ever decided to put tomatillo salsa on eggs deserves a comendation).  I'm sure I will get some flack for this, but the biscuit is the most disappointing part of the meal- way to bready, like they weren't friends with butter.  The rosemary potatoes make up for the biscky though.  Now all they need to do is open one that isn't in the stupid suburbs...
4	Went for lunch last Friday - I loved it. I've been looking for places for lunch - being a single guy and all and the food, service, selection - was all great.
4	I love breakfast so I've been dying to try The Flying Biscuit and I was not disappointed at all.  The organic oatmeal pancakes with peach compote are heavenly!  I'm not big on super sweet stuff at breakfast and these were perfect....just sweet enough, but not so sugary that you can't make it through the whole plate.  My bf and I also shared an order of the fried green tomatoes for a starter.  They are topped with cashew-jalepeno relish that is the ideal combination of subtle spice and rich, creamy nutiness.  Lightly fried and not heavy or greasy at all.  The biscuits....honestly, I have had better.  But, the apple butter that goes on them is awesome!  Slightly tart but still sweet and yummy yummy.  I topped all of that off with a gigantic chai latte that you can get either hot or iced....I opted for hot and it was delicious.  I had already ordered it before I realized there is also booze on the menu.....bloody marys and mimosas for those who want their afternoon brunch with a little kick.  All in all, superb food that came out super fast with slightly slow service due to the amount of business.  I can't wait to go back and try out some other menu items!  Oh and one more note, if you don't like rosemary, don't get the potatoes.  My bf hates it but ordered them without knowing and the herb was too potent for him to even make it through more than one bite.
4	Flying Biscuit.  What a delightful name.  A projectile bakery good.I first went to a Flying Biscuit in Atlanta, GA.  It was a fantastic, unique brunch experience.  So we went back the next day, too.  That's why I was excited that Charlotte was getting one a couple of years later.  We arrived at the Flying Biscuit in Stonecrest on a Sunday before the church crowd let out.  Unfortunately, it wasn't early enough.  We had about a 30 minute wait.  After our name was finally called, we discovered why.  The restaurant didn't have a lot of seating and we were squooshed by a table right near the front door.  The menu items were just as good as in Atlanta; they tend to be more organic and/or vegetarian in their food offerings.  However, this Flying Biscuit didn't have the same ambiance as the first one in Atlanta that I experienced, and I guess that really makes the difference.  In Atlanta, the restaurant was filled with an eclectic group of people.  In Charlotte, it was filled with soccer moms and dads who arrived via minivan.  I do want to go back to give the Charlotte location another try, but maybe I'll try lunch or dinner instead and treasure my brunch in Atlanta. p.s. Their biscuits ARE delicious no matter where you go, though!  :)
4	A favorite breakfast/lunch spot in Charlotte. It's similar to Zada Jane's in that is has lots of options for vegetarians and lots of organic options. The decoration is cozy and colorful, diner-esque, if you will.  True to the name, the biscuits are awesome. Be prepared for a long wait.
4	I've been to this restaurant twice and enjoyed both times. Much better the first time when I went the first time and ate a hummus wrap with tomato soup. Amazing lunch, great service, nothing to complain about unless you're a health freak!
3	Went to meet some friends for lunch the other day. It was pretty busy as our waitress informed us after it took a while to get our drinks (which we were still one drink shy). Based on the food, you would think they would be used to being busy especially around noon. i chose the Meggxican Wrap and it was delicious. The side of potatoes were good, they had a little spice to them, but they seemed a little dry. i sampled some Pomodoro Chicken and would probably try that next time, it was tasty. At a table of 6, everyone was happy with their food choice (even when one member of our party didn't get his side of french toast until the very end of the meal after a 2nd reminder, they were apparently still delicious. (4.5 stars worth), If we hadn't been a table in no rush to be anywhere and full of very patient people, i could see people getting upset with their service on this visit. Price for three people came to around $33 plus tip. It was a fun place with great food. We'll probably try it again someday and perhaps at a less busy time, they'll get the 4 stars their food deserves.
2	Let me clear the air about The Flying Biscuit: it's not good. I ordered the steak and eggs, and the steak was advertised on the menu as being medium rare. I've never had such an overcooked steak in my life. It was tough and mealy. My eggs were perfect, but my eggs are also perfect at the Waffle House in Clemson at 4am. My dining partner got the Coca-Cola glazed salmon, but the glaze was neither Coca-Cola nor glaze. I would give the FB one star, but the baked brie saved the day.
2	When you walk into a place trying this hard not to look corporate, it inevitably comes off in a creepy way. When you know that the place used to be a breakfast fixture in Atlanta known for it's organic, vegetarian-friendly, comfy, yet artful takes on breakfast and lunch, and has since had it's aesthetic, menu, and "feel" appropriated and mass produced, its difficult to enjoy it. For me, anyway. Despite the awesome tomatillo salsa and black bean cakes smothered in Queso Fresco. Even though we had a great waitress. This style of food is being purveyed by a number of places in Charlotte, often less expensively, by culinary entrepreneurs, so I guess my question is, why go to a chain?
2	So, being a native of Charlotte I was really excited to try this place, especially since i live in atlanta and the original is in buckhead..but to be completely honest this place kinda sucked. The food was so-so and the biscuits where really dry. I was def. thinking that the food was gonna be awesome but all in all i was unimpressed. I do like to see that there were organic options but that's about it. Eggs:good but needed salt, chicken sausage: not at all good and really dry, and the biscuit.....not good AT ALL. I;m kinda upset about the 13 dollars that i spent as well as the hour wait. oh well...
4	Unlike most Charlotte establishments this place is pork lite which makes it a heavy hitter in my book. The have a wonderful tofu scramble, the fried green tomatoes are a good way to start and the turkey bacon option is always smile worthy. Sure it's a coporation dressed up to look like an independently owned diner but hey, we live in America where Starbucks is king so i won't hold that against them. Order the whole wheat biscuit to feel better about yourself while you slather it with apple butter and then feel your arteries thank you for not clogging them with brunch!
4	Unique dishes. Great grits. Worth a try for sure!
2	A chain restaurant trying to be a crunchy, neighborhood, natural diner.  That's really what it is... It's not horrible, but it isn't great.  For those of you living in Ballantyne, you know that there is a horrible lack of breakfast places, so we do with what we have.  First, the biscuits are not good, nor do they fly.  They aren't really like biscuits at all, actually.  I have tried the shrimp and grits, scrambles, straight egg breakfasts, and black bean cakes.  The grits are creamy and heavy, not bad if you don't mind the richness.  The black bean cakes were pretty good, everything else was just okay.  I usually don't let surroundings get to me, but I kinda have with this place.  I find myself eating here often because of my veggie Mom and friends that enjoy it..  I never seem to like it for some reason...   You know what it is?  It's that this restaurant is a corporate version of something that I really like... the neighborhood hippie diner.   There are a lot of businesses that do this really well and I guess I was expecting that.
4	Carnivores and herbivores alike will love this place.  Great vegetarian and  vegan options and enough meat dishes to satisfy all. Love cakes and grits are definitely the best options on the menu.
3	Funny, the same stuff gets executed much better here than in Atlanta's NW location, which I reviewed a few weeks ago.  Service was fine here too.
4	What a treat!!!  My friend and I were working at her home transitioning her project over to me.  We decided to take a lunch and she offered up the Flying Biscuit Cafe.  When we walked in, the place was packed.  We were the last table to be seated without having to wait (this was at 11:45 a.m. on a Wednesday).  The menu was very diverse - a ton of vegetarian options, but of course I went the carnivorous route!  I had their oven fried chicken.  It came with GRILLED MACARONI!!!  I had never had grilled macaroni and fell in love as soon as I tasted it - it is like your grandmother's macaroni recipe she served you on special occasions like Thanksgiving!  Instead of collard greens, I substituted with grits.  These are the creamiest, silkiest grits I have ever had!  I LOVE apple butter, but The Flying Biscuit kicks it up a notch by adding cranberries.  This is to die for...  Thank you Flying Biscuit for a wonderful culinary experience!
4	Great food. Tough place to take small kids. Very crowded and loud and they don't know how to set the air conditioning to over 50 degrees. Having said all that, I still go with my wife and little girls a couple times a month for breakfast. The food rocks!
5	POW! The Flying Biscuit Cafe gets a top-rope flying high five from me. Maybe folks in the south are spoiled with breakfast spots unlike I am in the Midwest - but damn ya'll, this place is outstanding. First off, the whole menu is served all day long. I decided to start of with a Sledgehammer, nice name for a drink with four shots of espresso. This thing was a perfect fix for my late evening and early morning (not my idea to get up early!) I sat on the patio and fired up the laptop (yes, free wifi) to send off a few emails. The service was great, attentive and friendly. I got the High Flyer over-easy which comes with an array of vegetables, a few eggs, a biscuit (duh!), grits and a pancake with peach compote. My reason for the early morning ordered the shrimp and grits & a bowl of tomato basil soup. Sounded a bit odd to me too, given the 830a hour. The food came quickly and was served piping hot! +1! I enjoyed everything on my side of the table even the grits which seem to be made different in every part of the country. Even the lower carolina doesn't make them the same as NC. The biscuits didn't wow me nor disappoint me, and are served with a spicy jam. I will be back again - I think. Unless there are just that many good breakfast stops in Charlotte. If this is one of the least appetizing, I can't wait to sink my teeth into the best!
5	Wow, the grits were like a savory pudding! I've never had grits anything like this before. And the oatmeal pancake with peach compote was mind blowing too. Actually everything I had from the Flying Biscuit Cafe was out of control! So good! You MUST try the grits. You know, I can't remember the name of the meal I ordered, but it was on the breakfast menu, second down from the top in the left column. Whatever that is, ORDER IT!  It came with eggs, biscuit, jelly, chicken sausage, grits, and oatmeal pancake with peach compote.  You will not be sorry! And it's a meal definitely big enough to share, if you're into that sort of thing!
4	I haven't stopped talking about their chocolate chip pancakes since I ate them yesterday morning!  I don't know that I've ever had pancakes better than this.  The 3, 8" diameter cakes are enough for 2 - I was only able to take a small bite of the included biscuit.We arrived at 8:45am on Saturday, and there wasn't a wait.  When we left, seats were still available.
1	Food: Minus 1 Star.  With the exception of the pancakes, the food that this restaurant offers is not good.  Cost: Minus 1 Star.  The lack in quality of the food does not deserve the price this place charges. I think I'd rather go to Ihop.Customer Service: Minus 2 Stars.  The people in this restaurant are not exactly the smartest people.  Nor are they the fastest in getting us the food either.Overall, this place is not worth the wait if you have to stand in line. Just go to ihop.
4	I have never had grits before and was told that if I had grits I would have to try them from The Flying Biscuit. The wait wasn't that long when we first got there and were seated within about 10 minutes. The colorful ambiance of the restaurant is nice and many people seemed to just be enjoying the company of others around them. Our waitress was very knowledgeable and helped us pick what would go best with our grits.I must admit, the grits here were simply amazing! It was a great place to have my first grits experience. The service was quick and we were in and out of there relatively fast. We both got breakfast with our grits and it was delicious. A great treat in the South!
3	Everyone was going bonkers for this place so I went and it was okay. I got the veggie burger and can't say I would try it again. However, the grits and biscuits were very, very good. In fact, the grits are near perfection. I think this place works well for people who move to the South and didn't grow up with regular Southern cooking. As someone who was raised on grits, sweet tea & livermush, I find it a little mediocre.One more thing, the service is great but the wait is long and the sound is deafening in there. it's a small place so be ready for some human contact!
2	The wife and I have been longtime customers, but we have both noticed a distinct reduction in quality the last couple of times in. The next to last time we were there, the time it took to get our order was very long--two tables nearby, seated well after us, received their food long before we did. More to the point, the preparation wasn't comparable to past visits.The first time this happened, we chalked it up to a possible new staff in the kitchen and the inevitable growing pains that come with breaking in new cooks. Things happen, and we didn't hold it against the restaurant.But we didn't go back as quickly as we had in the past, and when we returned last (about 8 weeks after the previous visit), the serving staff seemed to be completely different and the service was still extra slow. We even asked for a simple side substitution (one vegetable which was priced on the menu at the same price as the item the dish was normally served with) and were told we could get that item as a side at extra charge, but not as a substitution. When the food arrived (after about 30 minutes), they did do the substitution after all, but my food was barely warm, as if it had been sitting in the kitchen for the last 10 minutes--and the restaurant was 3/4 empty at the time, not busy at all.I think this visit might have broken the spell. After a few years of what would have been 3-star to 4-star meals, our last couple of trips have been 2-star--and I am not certain when, or if, we'll return.
1	They get one star for friendly service and the cold beer. As for the food... My burrito wasn't fresh and the grits were a big let down, soupy, too much cream and no texture, obviously old. The shop itself is cool with a good atmosphere.
3	Flying Biscuit is the place that introduced me to grits so I am eternally thankful for that. Their grits are so amazingly yummy that I don't want to go anywhere else for grits because it could come with disappointment. But then again, I'm not from the South so I'm not sure if  thats how all grits are or even if all grits are created equally? Anyways, enough of my thoughts about grits. They have chicken sausage, egg whites,turkey bacon which is a nice alternative to the regular stuff and serve breakfast all day. I've had both breakfast and lunch and found their lunch to be quite mundane so if you go, stick with breakfast, I love all the funky colors they have incorporated into the decor and their apple butter is tasty. If you go, be prepared to wait since there is usually a wait to get a table unless you want to sit at the counter.
4	Went back last week, and my wife and I got to laughing--it was like the old "Dallas" TV show, when the writers wrote themselves out of a bad year by having Bobby Ewing step out of the shower and Pam realized the past season had all been a bad dream. When we were at Flying Biscuit last week, everything was as it had been once upon a time: The old servers were back, the food was done correctly, the kitchen was humming. Maybe we caught them in a bad spell a few months ago when everything seemed out of kilter for them, or maybe Bobby Ewing just stepped out of the shower.Anyway, two stars are back on and the recommendation couldn't be any heartier.
3	Well...the Flying Biscuit Cafe is a now a chain. I remember when it was the great little neighborhood spot in Atlanta.  BUT...it is still great.  Here it is in a Charlotte suburban mall area.  Strange, but the food is fantastic, southern style bistro/brunch.  There are tons waiting but they get people in and out and without feeling rushed.  They accommodated two toddlers and some nervous parents...in a cramped space.  It was WELL done. Excellent service.  My shrimp and grits were...yummy...not like incredible...but very good.  I'd go here again if visiting the in-laws.
2	I don't get the Flying Biscuit Cafe hype.  I have eaten there only one time but am not sure I'll go back.  It wasn't bad per se but it wasn't great either.  I did not like my biscuit - it lacked flavor and was dry.   The chicken sausage was meh and the eggs were burned.  The grits were pretty good but nothing to write home about.  The service wasn't particularly great either.  On a side note, I was a little disappointed they have only turkey bacon on the menu.  I rarely eat bacon but definitely enjoy a nice thick slab of it with breakfast every now and then.  Turkey bacon just doesn't do it for me.
3	Fun, quirky little place that focuses primarily on breakfast. This place is pretty popular and we went on high recommendations from friends. In all my own impressions were mixed.Firstly, the menu- lots of good alternative, healthy offerings of traditional breakfast fare (think turkey bacon and whole-wheat pancakes). Which was a nice change. Other than that, not too much to rave about here. The food, while good, was overpriced for what it was. Secondly, service. Service was quick, but not terribly attentive after we received our food (we went a long period without drink refills).In all they weren't bad and I'm glad we finally gave them a try- but I doubt we'll be in any hurry to go back. My breakfast cravings lean much more toward the Park 51 Cafe, closer to home.
5	Visiting NC from South Florida, which is closer to NY on the culinary map than the Deep South, we were craving some down-home style southern food. FBC did not disappoint! Straight from the airport, my bro-in-law brought us to The Flying Biscuit.  Fried green tomatoes to start with an Espresso Stout (Guinness + espresso shot) on the side, delicious!  Then the Cajun Chicken omelet with a dash of the Texas Pete hot sauce--phenomenal! Biscuit was great (of course) but did not fly well ;)Friendly service, fantastic food! Next time we're in Charlotte, we'll be back!
3	I can take this place or leave it. I went there for lunch with some coworkers and was pretty excited because they catered an event at my apartment place and was pleasantly surprised that the food was not mediocre. I thought eating at the restaurant would be an awesome experience. My high hopes were shall we say slightly crushed. I ordered the tofu salad with potatoes and honestly I have had better. I guess I will need to head over to the plaza midwood area to get better vegetarian food. My salad was supposed to come with a biscuit but to my disappointment they forgot to give me one. The waitress did come and asked if everyone one received a "cathead" but by this time my yearning for a tasty biscuit disappeared. I must have had "no biscuit for me" stamped on my forehead that day. The restaurant atmosphere was pleasant and welcoming. The waitress kept our drinks promptly refilled and our orders were correct. This is not always easy to do when you have a group of six or moreI. I just wish the service matched the taste of the food. I will give it another go but will have to try something else on the menu. I gave this place three stars based on service and the apparent deliciouness of their biscuits (I copped a bite from my co-workers plate).
5	Best Breakfast All Day!The Flying Biscuit is by far the best breakfast place in Charlotte.  From their oatmeal pancakes to dreamy grits, the meals are always delicious!  I love their creative menu, and the fact that it's very vegetarian-friendly.  If you avoid red meat, you can still enjoy the chicken sausage or turkey bacon.  (Nice to feel guilt-free after eating sausage and bacon!)  Not only is the food delish, but it's a great value for huge portions.  Almost every meal includes one the the famous 'flying biscuits' which is sprinkled with sugar. Yummmm!The Flying Biscuit does offer lunch and dinner--the shrimp and grits is a personal fave--but breakfast is their forte.  I'd say that anyone who hasn't absolutely loved this place, hasn't tried the breakfast.  Go for the best they offer and you will not be disappointed!
4	Dropped by here with the family on a busy Sunday morning - we've been here before but I've always forgotten to post a review!! This time I will not be denied!Anyway, we had a fairly short wait and were seated - service here is usually pretty good. They realize that you don't mess with someone on short sleep who needs coffee (or kids who need their milk and biscuit stat!)Kids ordered chocolate chip pancakes and the chicken sausage patties (both very tasty!). I ordered the Clifton omlette with the heavenly grits and my better half ordered the Hollywood omlette, also with the grits. These grits are sublime, they actually make people crave them! The omlettes were both very good (especially the tomato sauce that comes with both!) Of course we all got the biscuits, which are giant and come with spicy apple butter (I'm a fan)Price-wise this place isn't cheap, which is my main objection - my personal opinion is that breakfast should never be more than $10/pp and Flying Biscuit blows that premise. However, the food can't be beat and they offer enough healthy options that you feel good eating there.
5	Love that there are so many vegetarian choices on the menu. AWESOME!
2	Lunch today!  Ordered Brie Cheese appetizer.  It was horrible, very unappetizing to look at and worse try to eat.  Runny stuff all in the bowl, dough was gummy either from the juice or not cooked.  I would have been ashamed to serve this to anyone.The Chicken Club Wrap and potatoes were better though nothing to write home about.  Atmospere a little cramped and cutsy.  Menu items descriptions sounded good but----------The biscuits were good as was the apple butter served with.
5	This place is awesome. Everything I've had there is delicious and today's vegan burritos were no exception. There are meat items too but a ton for vegetarians and vegans
5	Yes, it's a chain. You wouldn't know it, though, except that the ceiling tiles are screen printed instead of hand painted with winged biscuits and other such culinary literalisms. For some reason, that element makes the Charlotte locations smell of franchise. Otherwise, the interiors do a decent job pushing the pretense that the restaurant is in a converted bungalow near those of the original Biscuit in Atlanta's Candler Park, or that it is a hometown diner that has been there for years instead of doing business in Charlotte's newer and oldest shopping centers.Lines form on weekend mornings with people salivating over the breakfast served all day on Fiestaware, especially the biscuits sprinkled with sugar and served with homemade cranberry apple butter. And those grits. Those creamy, dreamy grits that made this lifelong grits detester see the light at the end of the hominyless tunnel. Grits can and should be made with heavy cream. If they aren't, they aren't worth eating.Lunch and dinner options are as tasty as those from the breakfast all day menu; many are altered with eggs or the lack thereof to make them appropriate for the time of day. Case in point: Egg-Ceptional Eggs and Love Cakes, both of which are in the Top Five Favorites dishes of this writer. Daily specials are posted on the boards outside, and are usually worth a try. Menu substitutions are easy, and so is the staff, which in general is pleasantly attentive.Though it is not a Charlotte original, we'll claim it as our own, if only for those devilishly alluring grits.
4	It surprises me that the Flying Biscuit has a such a middling average rating.  It's always been one of my favorite chain restaurants, and it doesn't even feel like a chain unless you know that multiples exist.  Service is friendly and attentive... even after the last time we went, when I accidentally elbowed our waitress in the stomach.  No crying or cursing; she very graciously accepted my apology and continued on.I felt horrible and left her an extra-big tip, by the way.The food isn't cheap, but it's not outrageously expensive, either.  You can get a breakfast with an egg dish, grits, and a biscuit for about $8.  Are people really complaining that's too expensive?  I must be eating in the wrong places, because that seems pretty dang reasonable to me.  For breakfast, I usually get either the Meggixcan Wrap, which has just the right amount of early-morning heat, or the Piedmont Omelet, which actually makes turkey bacon sound good.  Speaking of turkey, if you're going for dinner, you *must* try the turkey meatloaf.  Probably the best I've had: moist and topped with salsa... delicious.The sides are good too.  The biscuits are lighter than the usual southern fare, but I think they're good, and the grits are indeed a creamy dream.  The only downside to this location is that it's small.  This leads to short waits during peak hours and to elbowing waitresses in the stomach. I am sorry I elbowed you in the stomach, Flying Biscuit Waitress.
4	Over the course of several visits, I've found both the food and the service to be hit or miss.  The biscuits are not the best in the world, but the apple-butter concoction is yummo! However, I give this place four stars because they have some very solid breakfast offerings.  Plus, this is just about  the only  place close by that truly offers breakfast all day, which is a good thing if you love b-fast as much as me & David do!Another thing that I like about FBC is that you can get Chicken sausage or turkey bacon instead of pork without paying an up-charge (like you have to do at Skillets).  Also, if  you really don't want grits, you can ask for potatoes instead.   (However, their grits are quite good - not runny & tasteless like so many places!)I think it sounds weird, but I really like the "Pasta, Sausage, and Eggs" which is made of eggs scrambled with chicken sausage, penne pasta, spinach, mushrooms, and cheddar cheese.  It rocks!
2	I expected better because of the good rating. The waitress took my order late. Food was mediocre. My cup of fruit didn't come at all until I asked for it and even then that took a while. Also there were grounds in my coffee. I would have been better off going to IHOP.
2	Flying Biscuit has consistently dropped in service.  I have been going there since it opened but will not be returning to waste my money. Last time, I had breakfast, the coffee was weak, the scrambled eggs were runny and the biscuit was not even fully cooked and mushy in the middle. My idea of fruit is not just honey dew with melons and two pieces of pineapple chunks. I rather go to Terrace Cafe up the street where they have the original red velvet waffles and the fruit plate actually has a variety of fresh fruit.
3	Odd thing about this place - the biscuits suck.  They are a weird combination of sweet and very "heavy" tasting. The grits are really good though.  Menu items are hit or miss.  A lot better than le peep.
5	I like to go here with my two sons (6yrs & 9yrs). They love the Kids Menu breakfast items. Perfect size & price for kids. The grits are amazing. I have never been a fan of grits but really like the grits here. I like that I can substitute Egg Whites or Tofu for many of the ingredients. We love to sit at the bar. Usually no wait compared to the wait for tables at times. My go-to place for Breakfast or Brunch! (Breakfast served all day too)
5	Incredible breakfast menu!  Their biscuits are worth the trip just be prepared to wait for a table on Sunday mornings after 10am.
4	smoked salmon breakfast is on point. grits are on point so good no cheese needed. no red meat served here for real deal carnivores but its not missed in this trendy spot. As you may assume the biscuits are good. Mainly a breakfast spot. customer service was good like mother in law good but not bad enough to complain.my only issue is that there is no Crystals hot sauce when will the world understand. hot sauce is like liquid gold for many dishes.
4	I have never been disappointed! Their oatmeal pancakes are very good. I also love their rosemary potatoes. I have always had excellent service but the wait can be long on the weekends.
2	Hmmm, I'm sure my review is sure to irk some devoted Flying Biscuit lovers. My Husband and I met another couple here last weekend before we saw a movie screening at a nearby theater. To start, the coffee was really good! While we waited we ordered some biscuits, seeing as that is what the cafe is known for. I can't even describe these biscuits correctly. They were like no biscuits I've had before, and not in a good way. I couldn't tell if they were more of a cake, or souffle...but a biscuit...no no no. We were hungry so we ate them anyway. Luckily our server saw our confusion over the strange brown sauce on the table and told us it was apple butter. Yum.  When came time to order, many things sounded good on the breakfast menu. I kept it more traditional ordering eggs, bacon and grits. My husband ordered the Egg-Stravaganza, two eggs served with our chicken sausage, turkey bacon,  grits, plus whole wheat French toast topped with raspberry sauce . The eggs were ok- the bacon was yuck. The best part about the breakfast were the grits and that is only because they tasted like potato soup, and I like potato soup. For the biscuits, two breakfasts, coffee and a fountain drink our bill came to $25.00. Not too bad. We probably won't go back to the Flying Biscuit Cafe for breakfast, but I would be willing to try again for lunch or dinner.
4	Four star breakfast in Charlotte for sure. The biscuits are fluffy on the inside and crunchy on the outside, just the way I like them. I had the Hollywood omelet with a fruit cup on the side and it was as expected, perfect. My wife got the high flyer and it came with an oatmeal pancake that had a peach syrup side that was as good as it gets. No negatives for service because if you have good conversation at the table you shouldn't care about waiting for GREAT food. The place was packed and they were on their game. Definitely try this place and you'll make it a frequent stop as we do when we are in the area.
3	Without any sugar coating. I would say this place has issues with consistency. Its a shame, because when this place is good, it flies. But when its not beware, its pretty bad. Due to my diet, I'm usually stuck with two dishes here: The salmon, or the Cajun egg scramble. [Subbing out the grits or potatoes] Typically when they screw up, its with the salmon. It seems that they can cook it perfectly, or they can dry it out like none other. Additionally, it seems there is a bad system about getting biscuits out at the right time. When I first started coming here, the biscuits came out before the meal, but that only happens half the time now. [The other half is that they come out with the meal]Tip: If you get the Cajun egg scramble, ask for it to be without the sour cream. The sour cream dampens the spice.Reader's note: I've eaten here more than 15 times. Its not the worst place in the world, but they sure could fix the consistency issues.
5	When you go don't forget to order a side of love... Fantastic!  I've been there now about a dozen times in the year I've been here and I've never had a meal that I didn't thoroughly enjoy.
4	My niece, son an I visited this place on Easter Sunday, we were very happily surprised to find no waiting and a very clean outdoor seating area. We both ordered pancakes, mine were blueberry. So yummy and refreshing that they used real blueberries. I ordered mango nectar for my infant son who drank every last sip. Only concern was our server she seemed very distracted and every sentence sounded like she was asking a question (secretly we enjoyed the laugh).
4	I love the biscuits and apple butter! Oh, and I'll take a side of grits with that!  I eat the Hollywood omelet -- so I can sort of justify eating all the other sides. The place is a really cute - you kind of forget that it is a chain.
4	Had the turkey burger, which was very tasty.  Biscuits were very large and pretty good but not great.  Potatoes are to die for.  I'll be back.
5	Second time here since we moved from San Francisco in February.  I never really like any of biscuits I had in the bay area, but here, Oh my god! It's the best biscuit I ever had. I was so amazed by the favor and the texture. It's buttery and delicious. This time,  I had the southern omelette and I love the greens mix in with turkey and cheese, it's perfect balance for breakfast.
5	I love the Southern Scramble, it's good stuff!  Best I can remember it's scrambled eggs, turkey bacon, cheese, and collard greens all mixed together.  The creamy grits are delightful and the biscuits are always fresh.  The coffee is good and strong, just the way I like it.  Plus, if you are there with a friend you can share a plate with them for a $1 or $2 extra in which you'll each get a biscuit, etc.  Great place for breakfast!
3	My husband brought me here for breakfast on my birthday.  We loved the cute decor but the food was sub par.  I was really disappointed in their grits - he brought me there because we were looking for some good southern grits.  I have definitely had better as these were way too buttery and salty tasting.  The biscuits and apple butter were wonderful!  I could have just eaten a couple of those and been content.  Service was good, food was okay.  I would possibly go back for a biscuit someday.
4	I really liked it, had the sausage and gravy biscuits dish with a iced hazelnut iced latte.Both were delicious, got the grits as my side but next time will get the mac and cheese which really hit the spot as I stole a bite from my hubby.There can be a wait on Saturdays and Sundays. We waited for 10 mins for a table for 4 and a baby at 11:30am which isn't bad at all. All the inside tables were full and half the outside but we requested to be inside.Service was quick and pleasant. Everyone enjoyed their food including the lunch items.  We will be back to try more things.
1	Sullen waitress Renee after asking if we were ready to order dinner for the 2nd time simply walked away without comment when my friend and I asked for just a few minutes more.      When I asked if I could substitute Collard Greens in place of the included salad I was met with annoyance.  Upon receiving our meals, Shrimp and Grits and the Black Bean Quesadilla, Renee did not serve the "infamous mile-high biscuits" until we had to ask for them!  The were undercooked, underwhelming and dry- served with nothing but the apple butter that was in a squeeze-bottle on the table.     My dish should have been labeled "Grits with Shrimp Garnish" while my friend's dry quesadilla had a garnish of a completely inappropriate sweet sauce on top, no salsa and extremely dry, tasteless, salty potato cubes, possibly straight from the Cisco frozen section.  When Renee was asked if a side of salsa was possible we were given a hot tiny container of tomato pomodoro sauce-  the farthest thing from salsa imaginable.    The collards were basically inedible and were seasoned with so much MSG-laden spice that I immediately had a coughing fit-  no hint of bacon or ham as one would expect from southern greens.  Renee and another server simply snickered in the back of the restaurant at this and never replenished drinks or water.     We were never offered dessert but rather presented with the check and lamely told about some charity "cherry" on some random desert by Renee.  I would never go back to this "restaurant" due to quality of food and there-lack-of of service!
1	I'm only giving my experience 1 star because 0 stars is not an option. Whoever  said it's impossible to screw up breakfast has obviously never been here. We ate here on Sunday morning two weeks ago. We were seated outside on the patio (our mistake due to the scorching heat) and no one acknowledged us for at least 15-20 mins. We saw many other tables over the course of our meal receive the same treatment (ignored). The server who finally acknowledged us to take our drink orders was super rude and not at all pleasant. The sweet tea tasted terrible. We first incorrectly received unsweet tea, only then to nicely ask if we could get sweet tea. The sweet tea was not any better--- sour. It was probably another 30 mins before the food came out. It felt like an eternity.The food we received was nothing short of awful. I really try to be kind, but the 'healthy sausage' (only sausage option they had) was completely impossible to even chew. The biscuits were rock hard. I could go on and on, but nothing was good. For the prices they charge, I expect the food to at least be halfway decent.  The food was also very cold.I have been to other Flying Biscuit Cafe's in other cities, and they have been decent. They at least bring a warm basket of biscuits while you wait. If I were you, I would stay away from this place. This business will not survive if they continue on this track.
5	There is not a thing bad I can say about this place with exception that it isn't next to my house. The food couldn't be any better and the fact that there is no pork used there whatsoever had us sold from the get go. From the turkey sausage gravy biscuits to the amazing omelets to their slap yo mamma GRITS, We always eat till they have to get a wheelbarrow to help us to our car. If you haven't this place yet then your missing it. If you go on Saturday morning, make sure you get there before 9am or you will be waiting. Worth every second though.
4	This place is great! Best grits ever! The biscuits are awesome as well. I've ordered the fried green tomatoes & didn't love that dish. I've also had the French toast & it wasn't anything special. That being said, the turkey pot pie is amazing & I just love the feel of the restaurant.
4	Love the veggie scramble.  Also a place my children enjoy.  Quick and friendly service.
2	Well, after living in Ballantyne for years and hearing all the hub-bub about this place, and seeing the lines on the weekend, I finally tried it recently, and I must say, I was amazingly UNDER-whelmed.  The interior feels like a Cracker Barrell, complete with small tables and uncomfortable chairs.  Our table was in a back dark corner near the kitchen door, so it was loud and busy.  The breakfast I ordered has a little bit of everything on it, so I could try it all.  To be honest, I have had a better breakfast at IHOP.   The eggs were super dry, the pancakes were even drier, and had no flavor, the bacon was undercooked and skimpy, and oddly enough, the biscuits were hard like rocks and so dry that no amount of butter would rescue them. Even the hash browns/home fries were undercooked and boring.  For the price and the crowds, there are dozens of breakfast places in this area that are WAY better.  Still not sure what all the hype is about....have all you people in line not tried any place else???
4	The biscuit was great. The grits were great. The apple butter is amazing. A great breakfast spot.
4	Visited this place during a wedding with my Wife. This place was nice and cozy. The staff was very attentive and friendly. The total experience was great, however the lack of PORK meat choices got them 4 instead of 5 stars. I must be honest and say the turkey bacon in my Southern Scramble was more than enough to satisfy my picky palette. I highly recommend the scramble!The overall menu is large and breakfast is sold All Day. So yes, you can roll out of bed anytime and have Flying Biscuits. The biscuits are not really biscuits, they look more like rolls with a biscuit interior; this could be a little unusual for some. I had mine with apple cranberry butter and it was delish. I recommend you try them at least once.
4	Loved my french toast with raspberry sauce.  The biscuits were not my favorite part of the meal, but I was neither hungry nor over stuffed, and every bite was thoroughly enjoyed,  If you're looking for breakfast and can get here, it's worth it.
4	The simple Flying Biscuit breakfast is a solid choice for a newcomer. Two fresh eggs and sausage patties, and not the overly seasoned or salty kind you find at Bojangles. The large biscuit with apple butter is good and flaky but not the best I've had. But the grits, oh the grits, are out of this world! They call them creamy dreamy grits, and that couldn't be any more accurate. Awesome, but prepare to pay $10 or more for breakfast. Everything on their menu could be a little cheaper in my opinion.
4	Went there for a late breakfast on a Sunday around 11am and we were able to get a table pretty quickly.  I had the steak & eggs...they did an excellent job with the food itself.  Steak was properly cooked and they did a good job on my over easy eggs.  I thought the variety of the menu overall was excellent and service was strong.  Everything was done in a timely manner and we were able to have a good meal quickly and for a VERY reasonable price.  I would recommend Flying Biscuit Cafe to anyone for breakfast food at ANY time of the day.
2	Alright, today I decided I am never going back to Flying Biscuit again. I have been a super duper avid fan for the last 5+ years, going regularly, weekly. Even after the horrible incident with the murdered pregnant waitress whose body they dumped at the neighboring Chik-Fil-A-- and suddenly a huge drop in business-- I still made sure they knew I was a loyal customer.I could write pages about this place. When they hit it, they hit it. Great breakfasts, and sumptuous Southern good, fantastic veg alternatives. Great menu. I wished on a number of occasions in various countries that there existed a Flying Biscuit in everyone of those towns.Which leads me to present day. Today, I felt a wrench in my gut immediately after eating my burger. But that isn't even the main reason I'm never going back.There is one waitress there that over the years, I absolutely hate. Hate, hate, hate. Her brain cell count is incredibly low though, it's hard to get mad.BUT FUCKING TIME SHE MESSES UP OUR ORDER. I think it's like Number Sixth CONSECUTIVE TIME IN A ROW! I think she knows it too, because she always resorts to giving us coffee for free. We started think: is she racist? why does she hate us? we always tip well, but she forces us to want to stiff her. Seriously.She's not explicitly rude, in fact the opposite, overly fakey southern honey and darling, but with an awkward smidge of forced politeness. And she is incredibly slow. And incredibly terrible as a waitress-- ie. i know she hates her job.But don't make it my problem every single time I eat there.Orders always get messed up, or the wrong thing. For example, today. I ordered a burger with a side of green beans. She came back with the burger and a pile of green beans. The burger didn't seem thoroughly cooked, there no jalapeno sauce like on the menu, the green beans were the GODDMAN WORST IVE EVER HAD, so FRICKIN OVERSALTED I HAD TO DRINK 2L of WATER-- and where were my bloody potatoes? Everyone knows potatoes go with a burger.She ASSUMED I wanted beans instead of potatoes.SO. I had to wait like 10 mins to get her attention, while my food got cold to tell her.THEN. She gives me a rude quip, and this "look".THEN. She comes back suspiciously too fast with these potatoes. They were practically cold, like they'd been sitting there for ages.It annoys the hell outta me because the potatoes too, were a portion enough to feed an entire African country. I am not going to just EAT a mountain of cold potatoes.My stomach is gurgling now. I hate Charlotte food. Charlotte food sucks.
4	My coworker and I had no clue what we wanted for lunch so we stumbled into The Flying Biscuit and were pleasantly surprised and very pleased with our visit! We were greeted immediately and were told to chose our own seating, we picked a table in the back by the window. I totally fell in love with the quaint surrounding, they had country table linens,bright colored walls and a beautifully painted ceiling with pictures and quotes...make sure when you visit to look up! It was a very nice touch! Once seated we reviewed the menu and they have a really nice selection no matter what you have a taste for! They serve breakfast all day which includes everything from omelets to breakfast sandwiches...and of course biscuits! For lunch and dinner you also have a great selection of salads, sandwiches and other home cooked meals like shrimp and grits and turkey pot roast.I decided to try the 3B Chicken sandwich. It had blue cheese, turkey bacon, basil and tamari aioli on a grilled chicken breast. As a side I chose the oven roasted "moon dusted" rosemary potatoes. The wait for our food was quick...we were one if only four tables in the whole place. And our waitress was a real sweetheart, glasses alway full and she was very attentive! When the food arrived, it looked delicious! Huge portions, which is always a win in my book! And everything tasted great! I loved the combination of the aioli and blue cheese with the crisp turkey bacon! The chicken was very well seasoned and tender. The rosemary potatoes were very good...not overwhelming with flavor but a very nice addition to the meal! The best part was that everything came out HOT! And I love that they give you so many alternatives here like turkey bacon, veggie patties and tofu. Overall, great experience, service and food! Definitely will be back! Hopefully, next time to try their breakfast and one of those famous biscuits!
5	I love this place for so many reasons!! The South Charlotte location has a great outdoor eating area which makes it an even better place to enjoy on a beautiful day. The food is awesome and I love that you can get breakfast around the clock. Their portions are generous and they cater to vegetarians. It's as good as it gets!
4	As a recent transplant to the area, I tried this place my first Sunday morning in town and absolutely loved it. There are few things in life I enjoy more than a great breakfast! That being said, I have been back every Sunday since for breakfast. An unusual selection of great foods, with great flavor. Love the chicken sausage, love the oatmeal pancakes. Good coffee too. Friendly service. I also love the decor, it's very kitschy and cool all at the same time.I'm a fan, for certain!
5	I visited the original location first and a few months later stumbled upon this location while out with my husband. This place is great. The wait can be pretty long but it is worth it. The shrimp & grits are heavenly and their pancakes are wHOO! Great!
4	Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, or at least that's what "they" say. Whoever "they" are, they are right. With a good meal in my belly, I was ready to take on the world! Or at least, I was ready to show my daughter how to take on some paper targets at the range in Matthews.I've never seen any of their biscuits actually "fly", but they are excellent. Light and fluffy, I don't know why anyone would swap out toast instead. Mmm... big squeezy bottle of apple butter to top it with. Fab.Other than the biscuits, I had two poached eggs (cooked perfectly) and two chicken sausages that were spicy and delicious. The small bowl of grits were nice and firm but not crunchy. Delish!Service was pretty decent and the place was very crowded on a Saturday morning. It was raining, so we weren't able to sit outside.Okay, world. Let's go!
4	My only question is WHY haven't we eaten here before NOW??We are new to Charlotte, NC (been here since Nov.2012) and frequent Blakney shops, Stonecrest and Ballantyne shops as we were in corporate housing in Ballantyne until recently when our home was finished. We drove past and saw this place on many occassions and never thought to go in and have breakfast. After a great couples massage, the hubby and I were hungry and were driving and we thought maybe we should check out the menu at that Flying Biscuit place it does have buscuit in it's name so breakfast should be on the menu.We arrived and were immediately seated in the country looking, quaint restaurant. I immediately noticed the decor which was fun and attention grasping which is great for conversation and great to keep children interested which I noticed was going on a couple of tables over from us. My husband ordered the Chicken Sausage & Turkey Bacon Egg white omlette with a homemade biscuit & grits and I ordered the infamous Shrimp & Grits. Now I'm from Chicago and Wishbone in Chicago HANDS DOWN has the BEST Shrimp and Grits so I was very skeptical. My husband ENJOYED his meal and is sooo excited about going back. ME on the other hand had HIGHER expectations for the Shrimp Grits from the reviews. They don't have ANYTHING on the Shrimp grits in Chicago at Wishbone. However the day after when I heated up my left overs the flavors had time to mix and mingle and it tasted much better (still not Wishbone in Chicago or 131 Main in Blakney).I will be back to try something else as my husband is definitely impressed with the food for the price ;-)
4	I came here for Sunday Brunch after getting a 1/2 off deal on Creative Loafing. Service and food were impeccable. Our server was so friendly and funny! We chose to sit outside as the weather was so nice in the middle of March and really enjoyed ourselves.Only pitfall was the manager - my voucher didn't have the dollar amount printed on it for some reason, so he tried to give me $15 off, instead of $30 which is what the voucher was for. We went back and forth about it, and he was not listening to me even though I had the email that stated it was a $30 value. I understood his side, but he really should of backed off and been more aware of the deals his restaurant is offering!  He finally took care of my entire bill, which was appreciated but he did say he was doing that because "we just weren't understanding each other". A little condescending if you ask me, but whatever. Brunch could have been ruined if it weren't for our server (Juan I think) who cracked jokes and jokingly offered to punch the manager for me, since he wasn't being nice to me at first. His attitude and helpfulness was very much appreciated and we left a nice tip on our $0 bill =) I will go back to Flying Biscuit, as the food is great but I probably won't visit this specific location again.
4	I am a fan of the Biscuit!  Although I live closer to this Stonecrest location, after tonight's breakfast for dinner, I have to say I prefer the one at Park Road Shopping Center.Located at Stonecrest Shopping Center next to the Noodle joint that is on the other side of the Chick, dinner at 5:30 was with a sparse crowd.  Decorated just like the Park Rd shop, with apparently the same disdain for running the A/C (warm muggy day today, and it was only slightly cooler in the restaurant), what looked like a very small restaurant from the outside actually wraps around to a pretty fair amount of seating at the brightly clothed tables.  There is also outdoor seating, weather permitting.  The food:I ordered the High Flyer which has:2 eggs - I had them done over well, they were cooked perfectly, delicious.2 chicken sausage patties - well flavored, almost overly so.  I like it okay, but it isn't my favorite thing as it is a little herby strong.  I think this speaks more to my taste preference than the actual quality of the product.  Was cooked well though.Grits - their grits are freakin' awesome - love them!  Creamy and not crunchy, delicious, I could demolish a soup bowl full of their grits.I substituted a blueberry pancake for the oatmeal pancake, which was burned on the bottom.  Gordon Ramsay would have thrown shit if one of his chef's put the burned side down on the plate to hide it.  I didn't say anything and just put syrup on it.  I preferred the thinner, crisper pancake from the Park Rd store to this fluffier, burned version.The biscuit - not a big fan of their biscuits, but again that is a me preference and not a reflection of the quality of the biscuit.  It arrived smoking hot and fluffy, with a bottle of their cranberry apple butter which is delicious.  This breakfast is $9 and it was good (except for the burned pancake).  Service was fine, I had to remind her to bring my biscuit, but that isn't a deal breaker.  She was pleasant and efficient.  5 stars for the grits and eggs, 4 for the sausage and cranberry apple butter, 3 for the service and biscuits and 1 for the burned pancake.
2	Looks like my review will go against the grain.  I visited the flying biscuit about 8 AM on a Saturday.  The restaurant was almost half full.  I was greeted promptly.  Greetings etc. was fine.  Coffee was ok.I got the high flyer.  I asked for eggs over medium.  They arrived less than over easy.  I did not eat them.  The whites were not even set.  Grits were ok.  A little too much cream in them.  Chicken sausage was too salty.  Oatmeal pancake was good.  Biscuit was dry.Overall I can't recommend this place.  Maybe it was just my server and my cook.  I don't know.  I would have complained about the eggs, but my server never asked how my food was.  Servers were eating in my sight and there were two drinks on the counter belonging to the servers.  Both of these things were health violations,With so many options in the south charlotte area, it will be some time before I return.  If at all.  Not a fan.  I don't know when restaurants in the area will stop resting on their laurels and counting on return customers.  All I wanted,this morning was friendly service and a tasty simple breakfast.  Denied.
5	I love coming here when I visit my family in Charlotte! The bean cakes are delicious!!! The biscuits are to die for!!!
4	This is a must-go-to breakfast place in Charlotte!  This location has great outdoor seating and the service is great.  I am a huge fan of the cajun chicken scramble.  It is absolutely delicious.  The first time I ordered it, I went with the breakfast potatoes....HUGE MISTAKE!!!!! The grits are the BEST grits I have ever tasted and I have converted many anti-grit northerners with these grits.  However, I am not a fan of the biscuits...I feel as if the proper name for this place would be The Flying Grits!  Either way, this is a must try for anyone visiting or living in the Charlotte area.  Very good atmosphere...kind of a creative, house of blues atmosphere that can make anyone feel comfortable.
5	I loooove the classic Flying Biscuit Breakfast! Chicken sausage is no guilt but creamy dreamy grits give the guilt right back! Yum! Orange Scented French Toast, oh em gee...raspberry sauce and honey creame anglaise. This is a dessert for breakfast!
4	Great breakfast
3	For some reason this place is just around the corner and we've only been there twice. Once for dinner a few years back and just recently for lunch.For the dinner visit we actually had breakfast items; all were good and equal to average diner foods.  Our lunch last Saturday was just OK. The Fried Green Tomatoes had no seasoning to the crust and the goat cheese overpowered the slight sourness of the tomato.  My salad had old black greens mixed into the mix and the chicken was the cheap chopped and formed variety and not fresh.  And our waiter seemed to disappear towards the end making us have to ask for him and get our check. And the biscuits are bland and dry.Guess we won't head back.
1	The Flying dry and hard Biscuit. Where the customer is wrong Good Afternoon, My wife and I came there to have a birthday breakfast. Upon arriving we were told to sit anywhere so we did. Our waitress got us coffee then took 15 minutes to get our order. By the way you should make fresh coffee and perhaps taste it before giving it to your guest. Finally we get to place our order. My wife got the flying biscuit breakfast. The only edible item on the plate were the eggs, even though they were over scrambled. The house potatoes were mushy and cold. I got the high flyer. I ordered my eggs over easy and they were way under done. So I told the waitress politely. Her response was "well those are over easy and the whites should be runny like that, you should get them over medium because that is probably what you wanted". First off, never respond that way to a clients complaint. 2nd don't try and tell someone they don't know what they are ordering. Your chicken sausages that are supposedly your signature. I didn't know that signature means frozen from a package. The biscuits were like biting into chalk. They   are dry and hard. I still got charged for my breakfast and also had to tell the waitress she forgot to charge for the OJ. Her response was "I always do that if someone orders something during there meal". I didn't know that I only had 1 time to order and thats final. My fault once again.  With all that being said the manager was never made aware of our problem. Not once did he come over and ask how is everything.  Whats funny about that is he was expediting food so you would think he would have seen a re fire. Uh oh no COMMUNICATION. If your expo, you are the last line of defense to make sure the food goes out properly and hot. Or is your manager just a worker. I can fix the problems let me know.The Real Critic NCtherealcriticnc@gmail.com
2	I stopped in for dinner last night, craving their grits... the only thing that was any good during this visit were the fried eggs.  I ordered the High Flyer again, my usual order at both locations, and it was a wreck.  Service was friendly and attentive, as usual.  On a Friday night, there were two other tables seated, and they were finishing up when I sat down.  Both Biscuits refuse to fully air condition the restaurant, so it was as tropical as the table cloths.  The food:The eggs, cooked to over-well, were perfect.  The chicken sausage was over cooked and almost crunchy.  So overly seasoned that I woke up at 1 am and it felt like my chest was on fire from indigestion.The biscuit - well, I stated before how I feel about their biscuits.  Too heavy and really just a way to get the delicious apple cranberry butter into my pie hole. But at least it wasn't burned.I substituted a buttermilk pancake for the oatmeal pancake and it was burned AGAIN.  It's a pancake - if you burn it, throw it out and give me another one - it's not a steak, it's batter that probably costs less than a nickel.  The grits - my favorite grits - grits that make my mouth water every time I drive by this or the Park Rd location - were AWFUL.  Overly cheesed and overly salty, clumps of grits were stuck together - BAD.  As my Pawpaw said, during his final days, after spending the weekend with a family member that will make you wish death would come soon, "I ain't goin' back".
3	I'm truly a HUGE fan of the Flying Biscuit - but sad to say, this location doesn't hold a candle to the Park Rd locale - just seems inconsistent and the service was adequate at best. Park Rd has better energy and the staff just seem so much more personable - Sorry Rea Rd, I will make the drive to Park Rd from now on - (even if you're closer to home)!
4	I went for the first time this past week and I was really impressed! Prior to going, I looked up the menu and expected the food to be decent since the pricing is relatively low. And I was worried when we walked in and the restaurant was pretty slow for 730pm. Our waitress, Amanda, assured us with a wink that we had perfect timing and beat the rush. She went over some of the popular menu items and extended a recently expired discount on our ciders, off to a good start! My bf and I ordered the 3b Chicken sandwich and the bbq salmon. Our food came out within 10 minutes and looked awesome. The salmon was nicely seasoned and the coke bbq sauce was very tasty. But the shining star on my plate was the green beans! They had this smoky garlic flavor to them that had me hooked. I would go back just to get a plate of them. My bf loved his chicken sandwich, especially since they use turkey bacon. We always take a portion home for lunch the next day, and even reheated the food held it's flavor.Overall, the service was quick and pleasant! And the food was delicious and at a price point that we'll be returning very soon! From what I read in previous reviews, if the service was lacking for you, then this place definitely deserves a second chance.
5	This place is great. For my birthday, I just wanted to have breakfast somewhere where I could sit on the patio and relax...and this is where I ended up. The first thing I ordered, was not to my liking, so I just went with the basics...biscuits, bacon and sausage. The apple butter was delicious! I will gladly go back!
5	Super fresh and yummy food.  Loved the decor, and the food.  Be prepared to take some home though.  Big portion sizes!
3	I ordered the Flying Biscuit Breakfast which includes two eggs, grits, chicken sausage, and a giant biscuit. The wait was 20-30 minutes, and the service was friendly. My favorite was the grits and eggs. The chicken sausage was decent, but I prefer hog. The biscuit itself was a bit doughy for my taste, but the apple butter was quite good. I would definitely return to try something else.
1	Okay, imagine opening up a can of condensed cream of chicken and vegetable soup, no water added, plopped into a bowl with a biscuit on the side -  that's your  chicken pot pie at flying biscuit cafe. My suggestion to the owner - if you actually cook the food yourself, you will have people coming to your restaurant. I should've known better- 5:30 on a Friday night, one table taken. Just Noodles next door packed.
5	OMG!! By far the best breakfast spots in the WORLD. LoL Great food...I had the Southern Scramble and my husband had the Shrimp Scramble. Great fast service. I recommend going.
4	I think we found our go-to breakfast place.  Stopped in here on a Saturday morning for breakfast and can't wait to go back!  I got the goat cheese and pesto omlette with a side of potatoes and a biscuit, and the boy got a pancake with a side of grits. My omlette was so delicious!  I usually offer the Boy a bite but it was so good I didn't want to share.  It had roasted tomato sauce on it and it was filled with Goat cheese.  Ah-Maze-ing. The potatoes were very good and exactly what I was expecting, the biscuit came with sugar sprinkled on top which was so delicious and so NOT what I was expecting.  The Boy's pancake was the best pancake I've ever tasted in my 30 years on this Earth.  Hands down.  I would come back for the pancakes alone. His creamy grits were very good and a kind we hadn't tried before.  The atmosphere was very noisy and it was VERY small, the tables were packed in so tight it was tough to get in and out of your seat.  But because of the food quality it was worth it.
4	Went to Biscuit for the first time today.  The atmosphere is good for kids and pleasant.  The tables are pretty close together and the space is not very large...so come early if you do not want to wait for breakfast.I had the Southern Scramble which was very good.  The kids organic oatmeal pancake was also excellent.  The turkey bacon not so good, so go to the real meat if you order a side.Will come back again since we didn't have any of the issues outlined in some of the posts.
5	Got the Clifton Omelette and my dad got the High Flyer. Both were simply excellent!  The "creamy dreamy grits" lived up to their name and the Clifton omelette was sensational. The oatmeal pancake as a part of the High Flyer was wonderful as well. And last but not least, the biscuit was huge and went great with the apple butter at the table.
4	This place is quite good! I haven't ate many times there, but when I do it's typically brunch. The coffee is delicious and... Best Tip About This Place: Guinness with Espresso Shots!! BEST THING ON THE MENU!!A small drawback to the breakfast menu: no oatmeal, no english muffins.
3	Great prices for a kids meal! Their biscuits are dense so a meal in of itself. Will go back. As far as this location the server was incredibly sweet and danced with my kids and since the lunch service was over gave us a box of biscuits.
5	Awesome presentation for 2 hungry northerners. Creamy dreamy Grits, oatmeal pancake, tart turkey sausage and a mile high biscuit to two.
3	Overall, This place was a little better than average. The place was cute. The staff was pleasant. And it had this original feel to the place. Not quite like any restaurant I went to before.   I got biscuits and gravy with eggs and their potatoes. Overall. The biscuits and gravy were good. The potatoes were heavily seasoned... But I still liked them. The food that everyone else ordered was only okay. If you eat the biscuits on their own, they were SUPER dry and crumbly. (The apple butter made this a little more bearable). The grits were okay. Not the best texture. I had to knock off another star because there were flies EVERYWHERE. They kept landing by us.  On my straw. By the food. Kinda gross. We were on vacation, so it is not a restaurant I would go back to. But it was cute.
3	The food was good and came out fast which somewhat made up for the lack of speed and urgency from the rest of the staff. A decent experience overall.
2	While the food was really great, the service was deplorable! After being seated for at least 10 minutes we finally flagged someone down to take our drink order.  It wasnt for lack of wait staff because the two tables next to ours seemed to get plenty of attention. In fact, one of those tables was seated after us and they received their food before we even got our drinks!This poor service continued throughout, no one checking for drink refills or to see if we needed anything else.  Meanwhile that table that got served before us (same number of people at the table) finished and was out the door about 15 minutes before us.  The only negative on the food was that I got a scramble with a side of roasted potatoes not knowing that the scramble included hashbrowns. The roasted potatoes were outstanding whereas the hashbrowns were old, fried, and very greasy. What a shame! Ask to sub roasted potatoes for hashbrowns. You wont be disappointed.
1	If you are searching for "Southern" style food this is not the place for you.  The grits are awful. The grits are a HEAVY creamy-cheesy-dairy pudding concoction that lacks texture, almost a purred baby food consistency. My biscuit was incredibly dry, bland, and hard.  Every time I took a bite, it just crumbled in my plate.  I also tried the "Fried Green Tomatoes" and was very disappointed. Completely lack luster, oily and undercooked.    The only bright spot about this place is the staff.
1	Nothing but the biscuits are original. And they are fair at best. Everything in this restaurant is packaged. All they do here is open packaging from bulk packing they ordered from the huge warehouse for restaurants. Even the honey for the biscuit came in the small package tube. Seriously wouldn't you think they would have fresh homegrown honey for their "famous" biscuits". Coffee was terrible go across the parking lot and get FRESH GROUND from SB. I had to cut the vegetables in my omelet to make them bit size, so I could eat it.The staff was grumpy and our server at the bar was very unpleasant. Come on it is morning... who wants to be greeted that way first thing of the day
2	Service was very slow and the place was dirty. The floor looked like it had not been swept in a week and the tables had syrup and biscuit crumbs on them.  Not to mention when I stood up my husband had to point out I had biscuit crumbs all over my backside from sitting down and I did not even eat a biscuit.
4	Best biscuits ever!   Went for brunch today and got the tofu scramble with potatoes.  Really tasty.  My husband got the fried tomato blt. Also yummy.   Not expensive and only fifteen minute wait which was nice.  Our waitress was pleasant.
4	I love love the biscuits, the grits, and the eggs with salmon. Must try! The place is nicely decorated, the only problem I see is that it's extremely busy on the weekends, so the wait may be too long. The breakfast sausage is not the best.
3	Overall this place is fine. Not somewhere I would bring out of town guests to. I felt the biscuits were slightly underdone and didn't have that golden biscuit look, but was stark white. Tried the apple butter that is on the table, while good didn't have that butter taste more like apple pie filling. Not a bad thing just not what I expected.  Tried the grilled mac and cheese and was not that impressed. I had the chicken pot pie, which was more like a soup then a pot pie. I make better at home. My husband had the black bean and cornmeal cakes, once again not impressed.  Service was acceptable,  food came out quick. Waitress was aware and attentive,  which one can appreciate.
4	Very unique food pairings that you can't find just anywhere but are done very well. Two must tries are the love cakes (black bean) and the biscuits with apple butter. If you're looking for something different this is your place.
3	Cute breakfast place in the midst of a lot of shopping.  The portions are generous for sure.  But the food wasn't impressive.  I ordered the eggstravaganza which come with a little bit of everything but almost everything arrived room temperature :-/.  The grits were too creamy and soupy for my taste.  The French toast was tasty and came with a delicious jam. The service was fast and friendly but I was highly disappointed in the biscuit.  Considering the name is flying biscuit I had pretty high expectations... Oh well.  I may be back but will probably order just French toast
4	Southern scramble was very tasty! I'll be doing this at home now. Grits were buttery. Great service!
4	This places is on the top of my list for breakfast. The oatmeal pancakes are awesome!
