4	It's Chili's, what more can I say. However, I am writing a review this time because I got free chips and salsa for checking in on foursquare. Sure the chips and salsa are the cheapest item on the menu, but who can go wrong with FREE. Does Chili's do this at every location? No, it doesn't seem that way. Well, now that I have passed this tidbit of information to you, make sure you enjoy yourself some chips and salsa. Bartender was great to me also!
2	I met my husband here for lunch the other day. I have been to this Chili's before and never had any issues with food or service. My last visit left a lot to be desired though.First thing I noticed when I walked in was that there was no one at the hostess stand. I had arrived first and wanted to freshen up in the little girls room but there was no hostess to direct me, or seat me for that matter. Thankfully I was able to find the restroom on my own. After freshening up, the hostess was up front and my husband had arrived. We were seated and our server took our drink order pretty quickly which was appreciated. I decided to order the bbq chicken salad and my man went with the grilled chicken sandwich, guiltless style (which means no cheese, no mayo, just meat and veggies on a bun). My husband was very specific when ordering, making it clear he wanted nothing on the bun of his sandwich. He also asked for steamed veggies on the side instead of the fries it came with. My salad came out fine. A little heavy on the dressing but it was a really tasty ranch so I did not mind too much. My husband's sandwich on the other hand... He had to take it apart and eat it with a knife and fork because the bun was so greasy. The steamed veggies were well cooked but covered in cheese.. Which was not indicated on the menu. Usually in a situation like this if the server inquired how the food was, my husband or I would speak up. Unfortunately we were not checked on until after both of us had wrapped up eating and put our napkins on our plates... Despite the fact that my glass of water had been close to empty for a good 10 minutes. Once we were checked on, my lunch hour was almost over so there was nothing that could be done anyways. The server never bothered to ask how the meal was which was disappointing. You would think that he would have thought something was up when he saw how much food was being left on the plate.I will probably eat at Chili's again in the future but I am going to try to avoid frequenting this particular location.
3	Chili's, good 'ole Chili's. I had been craving chips and queso from Chili's for MONTHS! We were gifted a $25 Chili's Gift Card and so FINALLY my craving would be fulfilled!Friday night, 7 pm, busy restaurant but table of 4 was seated right away. Quick but unfriendly service. I admit we were indecisive, but you don't have to roll your eyes at us. Twice. I've been a server and bartender so I understand how indecisiveness can be annoying, but say "you guys look like you could use more time, I'll come back in 2."Any-whoo. We had our chips and queso, AND both couples did the 2-for-$20 deal so we also had loaded fries and cheese sticks. Oh, did I mention it was Friday, all food from Friday at 5pm to Sunday at midnight is calorie free! YAY! Husband had the burger and I had the quesadilla explosion salad. No shortage of food at this table! 2 hours and 2 margaritas each and we needed a forklift to get us to the car. It has been years since I visited Chili's and this trip did not disappoint. Only gave it 3 starts because the ice-margarita-size of glass ratio was wack (coming from a former Mexican restaurant bartender), moody server and because it's a chain restaurant..come on, a chain should never get 5 stars unless they don't use frozen ingredients and have original recipes at each location and a chef...not just a cook. JMHO.I will come back to Chili's and this is a great location.
3	My coworkers wanted to go to Chili's for lunch today... I had a less-then-stellar experience my last visit, but when your boss is offering to buy you lunch, you go where he wants to go.It was a group of 5, with 4 of us arriving together and the 5th showing up a little late. We were seated promptly, our waiter came over shortly after to take our drink orders. He carded me, and since I well over the legal drinking age I am always happy when I get carded. Chips and salsa came out shortly afterward.After looking over the menu and coming to our decisions we placed our orders. I asked our waiter which of the two salads I was considering he preferred, and he said the quesadilla explosion salad was his favorite so I went with that. He pointed out that the salad comes tossed with the citrus dressing, and asked if I would prefer it on the side... I said I would.Sadly my salad came out tossed in the dressing. Why ask if you aren't going to make it happen? My boss requested mustard for his burgers, after waiting a few minutes we ended up flagging down a second server to get it. Overall the food was better this visit but there are still some issues with service that should be worked out...
4	Blame it on the World Series - but the Husband and I found ourselves frequenting our local Chili's a lot as of late.I loved being able to pull up to the bar/counter and watch the baseball game on the main TV, despite it being Sunday or Monday night football.  (Even the casinos' sports books featured the football games over the Worlds Series!)  Sure, the other TVs showed football but the sound was on the baseball game.  (And this is a dream for the Husband!) Another big plus is that this is a completely smoke free environment.  Yes, even though it's a state law that you can't smoke where food is served, many local bars still do it.  So I definitely appreciate that you cannot light up anywhere in this restaurant.During football season, happy hour is in full swing which means discounted food and drinks.  I'm loving their Bottomless Tostada Chips (and the baby was loving it too at one point).  I used to love Chevy's version of chips and salsa, but I love Chili's version more.  Other appetizers we've tried were the Skillet Queso, which is a meat and cheese dip and best enjoyed when it's hot.  The Husband also had their Boneless Buffalo Wings with bleu cheese dressing. One of their great deals would be the Bottomless Express Lunch.  It's AYCE soup, salad, and chips and salsa; and you can change your soup options so you're not stuck with just one kind.  The salad option is either a house salad or their Caesars salad.  Soup choices include Chicken and Green Chile Soup, Sweet Corn Soup, Chicken Enchilada Soup, and their Soup of the Day.  For 50 cents more, you can include their Terlingua Chili into the mix.  For $2 more, it becomes the Bottomless Express Dinner!Sitting at the bar/counter - it's definitely a leisurely meal and the bartenders aren't rushing you, which is something we appreciate.  We can still grab a table in the bar area and get plenty of attention from the waitstaff, especially when you're getting refills on your salad and soup.And talk about family-friendly, this place is the spot.  Every night we've been there, we've seen tons of families littered all over this place.  Huge tables and lots of high chairs readily available.  Looks like we'll continue being regulars now!
4	This place isn't bad. It's what you expect from a family type, American grill. The food is okay and the prices are good. This place has gotten steadily busy since it opened a few years back and I'm glad. All the people who work here are so nice, they deserve it.
2	It's been a long time since I've been to a Chili's. And, after coming here for the first time in a few years I really haven't missed much. My wife got some sort of chicken wrap that she barely ate. I got some sliders/mini burgers that weren't half bad, but very greasy and sloppily assembled. I'd take the Slider Truck over this any day. Our kid got chicken tenders, which were tough and rubbery. They have two types of chicken tenders on the kids menu. According to our waitress one is crispier than the other. I'm still wondering why they need two types of chic tenders on the menu (?????). Service was good. She stopped by often to check in. The food is cheap, which is the best selling point. Maybe I'll stop by again in another couple years.
2	Dear Mr. Chili Manager,I am finding it hard to find the words to express the roller coaster of emotions I felt at my most recent trip to your Grill & Bar.  My husband and I noticed that you have brought back your 2 for $20 deal once and for all and decided to take you up on your offer.  Upon being seated we were greeted by a young lady who I believe her name was Ruth.  We advised her that we will be partaking in the 2 for $20 special and ordered the Cheeseburger and Chicken Crispers (which by the way why are there two versions?? It is very confusing and unnecessary).  For our appetizer we indicated we would love to feast on the Texas Cheese Fries with no jalapenos.  A few minutes later, as i sipped on my delicious strawberry lemonade, Ruth delivered our cheese fries.  As she placed them on the table she immediately took them back as she realized we had asked for no jalapenos and sure enough the little green monsters were sprinkled throughout our batch of fries.  No big deal mistakes happen.  Less than 2 minutes later she returns with our new order... or so I thought.  Here is where the plot thickens.   As my husband began to dive in to our appetizer I couldn't help but notice the placement of the fries seemed to look exactly has they had when they had jalapenos on top.  I hesitantly take a fry and notice they seem a tad spicier than they should.  My wheels are turning.. is my mind playing tricks on me?  I express my concern to my husband and ask if we have just been bamboozled and reserved the same batch of fries?  I feel my angry eyes being activated...  If I just wanted to pick off the jalapenos I would have done it myself.  I begin to think.. oh no who picked them off was it our server?  Were her hands clean?  My husband is chuckling at my freak out he said he would ask and take care of it.  Sure enough after asking our server she confirmed that was in fact the case.  My husband in trying to stress the wrongness of doing that saying he was allergic and that we wouldn't want to see his face swell and turn red.  She apologized and said that when most people ask for no jalapenos its just because they don't like them.  Okay first of all, if I ask for no jalapenos I shouldn't have to indicate if it is a preference or a medical condition.  Secondly, news flash if you pick them off there is still seeds and juices that can still reek havoc on the fries and cheese.  And lastly, I don't care whatever the reason, if the order is wrong I think the proper procedure would be to do a re-fire.  Isn't here health codes for a reason?I believe that Miss Ruth realized the error in her ways.  Especially because now our entrees arrived pretty much at the same time as our appetizer because of this situation.  I gave you two stars because I do give Ruth a A for effort as she must have apologized 5 or 6 times during our meal and even offered a free dessert for our troubles.  Mr. Chili Manager.. please tell me this is an isolated incident and not how you train your staff to fix orders.  Unfortunately, I will forever remember your location as the "Jalapeno Picker Outer" spot.
3	Nice place to go with kids, I always sit in the corner booth by the window at the bar.  The tvs are on and its noisy so no o e notices my kids.  Food is good and priced affordably.  Check it out when your in the area and want a quick bite.
3	I heart their chicken and green chile soup and their bottomless mango iced tea but have yet to find an entree that's worth coming back for...
2	As busy as this is during lunchtime, you'd think the service would be better.  It's not bad, just always seems sub par.Never had a bad meal there, but also never had a great meal there.  Today, got the simple soup & salad because I needed to be in and out quickly.  Had to ask for silverware.  The chips & salsa came to the table with about 8 whole chips and a bucket of crumbs.  Why would you dig out the bottom of the bag and serve that to customers?  Would have also liked a refill on the iced tea.  Maybe next time?Ate my lunch, tipped 15%, and rolled out.
5	I haven't tried Chili's in a while, so when it was suggested, it was knowing that they have a new menu.   The last time we tried it, we were in Texas and we had burgers, they were great! Today, we started off with an appetizer, we had the nachos, they were smothered with goodness!  Loved them.  For entree I had the grilled chicken sandwich.  This was a sesame seed bun, apple smoked bacon, chicken served with ff and honey mustard dressing.  Very tender, good flavors.  Great  sandwich.
5	This chain is located in the newer Arroyo Plaza right off 215 West in between Buffalo and Rainbow and is very convenient for those who are on the southwest side of town who want a reasonably priced meal. I enjoy going in here and sitting at the bar when there is a basketball or football game that I want to catch.I'd normally come in with 1 other friend or by myself at the spur of the moment, whenever I need my fajita fix from massive hunger! Whenever I come in with a friend, we happen to go in when drinks are 2 for 1 (I'm not sure what day or time the happy hour runs).I like the complementary chips and salsa  I usually get at the bar as well.
3	This place is ... literally A-OK.   Though I'd rather avoid going to places that make me feel like a cow when I walk out.... they do have some awesome deals.  I have a family of 4 and I definitely appreciate a good deal.   The latest deal to date would be the 2 full size entrees w/ a half order appetizer.  Makes eating out a lot cheaper than usual!I really love the quessadilla explosion salad.  It's huge and has a lot going on.  I'm also a big appetizer for an entree kinda person and they offer all the usual fried goodness.  PS:  the last I came I had the fajitas and spelled like it for hours.  Overall, servers are very friendly.  You get a friendly welcome when you walk out the door, and we're always seated quickly.  We like to sit at the bar and catch the games... but it's not as clean as the general seating area.  Service is usually slower... but it is the bar.. so?  I guess?  IDK.PS! red velvet shooters! YUM!
2	Points for consistency.  Still mediocre service...and I'm being generous.
2	Its way to greasy for my liking.  I used to love this place now my stomach hates it
3	I'm gonna keep this one short and simple.Ive been here a dozen times and never been disappointed nor have I been amazed. Its just like your regular chain restaurant good food not great but good, good service, and good prices. I always order something different every time I come here and have never not liked the food. I usually start with an appetizer like the jalapeno onion strings or there southwest egg rolls mmm those egg rolls are so yummy! As for the main course Ive had it all Chicken fried steak, mini sliders, crispy chicken crispers and recently their new cajun chicken pasta. All were good but let me tell you the new cajun pasta is delicious its creamy goodness and their very generous with the chicken its definitely a must try! So overall cant really go wrong with this place for a cheap decent meal.
4	I'm loving the 2 for $20 deal - the steak and loaded potato are a good meal for the price.
4	I usually HATE these kinds of chain restaurants but the service here has always been so amazing that I have no choice but to give them 4 stars~ I like doing the 2 for $20 deal with my man and we always get the guacamole and chips as an appetizer. The chips are so thin & yummy! I do believe that they have a happy hour as well so maybe I'll check them out for that!
5	Great food and great service
4	I have to say as far as chain restaurants go I've been pretty happy w Chili's.  I go for lunch at least once a week and have never had a problem with bad service.  I also LOVE that they don't allow children in the bar area, and don't allow smoking either.The menu is typical American fare and the prices are decent.All in all, can't complain.
5	went there on a date with my nephew.. We had a blast and the food was good
4	This is the one of those places that I crave, I go, they deliver and I'm happy until the next time I crave it.  The service is always very accommodating as I'm forever asking for substitutions, and please leave this out, and please add this, blah blah.  They have great cocktails (I love the pomegranate margarita!), excellent appetizers, and awesome entrees, many with a delicious tex-mex flare.  Also, seriously, they may have the best desserts of any of the chains.  I always leave here stuffed and remain full and satisfied for a LONG time.
4	Its been over a year since I had Chili's. I had a taste for some ribs and it really hit the spot.
3	Typical American fare with quick service.  Our whole team came here for lunch on a Wednesday (birthday girl's pick) and it was OK.Chili's Grill and Bar offers a decent lunch combo menu that starts at $6 to $8.  Each comes with a soup or salad.  I decided on the chicken and  bacon quesadillas with chipotle ranch.  It came w/french fries and the soup I selected was a spicy chicken and sausage soup.  The server, who keeps calling everyone sweetheart, mentioned that there is a kick to this soup.  She made it sound like it's very spicy.  It is not.There were four pieces of quesadillas with a side of fries.  I ate four pieces of quesadillas and was done with it.  I didn't like the chicken slices that were sandwiched between the tortillas.  I wish they had cubed the chicken rather than cutting it into thick slices.Overall, Chili's good for those who enjoy typical American food.  I will pass next time though.
5	Come here for the awesome service. I Always ask for Danny the bartender. Food comes out in very satisfactory time.
2	Location is not the best, we only knew it was here because I'm a frequent Wal Mart shopper. Place was packed and we were seated quickly. Our waitress was nice but slow, it took too long just to bring us drinks. Another waitress who saw us impatiently waiting put in a 2 nd round of drinks while our waitress was nowhere to be found. Ordered the trio appetizer, yum! But my trio fajita was bland, seasoning was on there but it didn't taste like it. Hubby's steak was yummy, so I ate that. If we come again I'll know to put in my full order with 2 rounds of drinks just in case my waitress goes MIA
3	It was OK.  Typical Chili's experience
1	I've been to multiple Chili's before always with a pleasant experience.  You know what you're in for when you go.  Nothing extravagant, food doesn't blow you away, but for the price, its decent and its a good atmosphere.  Normally, no complaints.This trip was different.  Our server was Jason and from the moment he walked by, I could tell he was going to be terrible.  His first interaction with us was him saying "Drinks?" while looking at his cell phone.  We told him and it took a good 15 minutes to get a coke and a strawberry lemonade (which was awful by the way).  He gave us our drinks and then walked off again.  He only had one other table he was serving, so I'm not sure why he was never around.He came back and squatted down saying "What are ya eating?"  We gave our orders while he constantly looked at and made signs to one of the other servers down the way.  Took our menus and off he went.  Another server delivered the food, refilled drinks twice and then Jason showed up with the bill.  Needless to say, he didn't receive much of a tip.I'll request not to have Jason if I decide to return again.
3	I'm not sure what to say about Chili's.  I have been here many times, and the drinks are always well done, as well as the service.  My only complaint is not about this location, but all Chili's.  The menu plain sucks.  I am a return customer, because I try to give them a chance, and they sometimes add options, but never anything impressive.  I will return for the drinks, but eat elsewhere.
5	Oh how i miss this place. food is always awesome and they finally have pretzel bread.
4	Looked slammed...But..SURPRISE!!! No wait... Friendly people. Quickly acknowledged. Maybe we are in the calm before the storm? Parking lot suggests the area restaurants are slammed. :) Love the chips n salsa. Don't come that often... But almost always enjoy myself.
3	not really impressed.  We waited so long for our food.  I wish we went to Mimi's cafe located super close.  waste of time.
4	Great Food, Great Service! I would love to see them allow more substitutions on the menu.
4	I like this location, but the speed during lunch leaves something to be desired.  Not a great place to eat if you have to be back at work - I'd recommend their to-go option instead.  Love coming here at night, I can't resist their chips and salsa!  Another must-try is the Grilled Shrimp Tacos. YUM!  If you're watching calories, they also have a lighter options section of the menu, and the Grilled Chicken Salad is great.  I've never had a problem substituting different sides from what is listed in the menu, so be sure to check out all of your options before ordering!
1	service sucks today! our server is too lazy to check on us but when he brought the bill is different.. took us 10mins before we ask for a drink/order.. need to wave for refill of our drink.. they are not busy at all..
1	Horrible. Service is slow and sucked. Lazy wait staff and the system was down for over a day. So cash only. Go to any other chilis except this one!
1	Popped in last night for dinner. The hostess gretted us and turned and walked away for a minute to clean our soon to be table. The place was a mess food, straws wrappers,  napkins all on the floor. The table was not even clean. I opened my menu and food fell from it. I told my family it's time to go. It's a shame typically it's a good spot.
2	This place is mediocre at best. I mean, I didn't find any bugs in my food or anything like that, but in this day and age with there being so much competition, you would think this place would step it up!My family and I ate here for lunch on a weekday. The service was okay. I think the inside of the restaurant is very colorful and exciting, which is the exact opposite of their food.We got the lunch specials. The pictures of the food were approximately 10 times better than the actual real food. The loaded potato soup was just okay. The chili was a little bit better. I did like that they had five soups available that day, but what about having just one or two soups that are out of this world?I ordered the chicken fajita lunch special, which was $8. I added rice for an extra dollar. This really wasn't that good. I would have rather gone to a local taco shop than eat this; better yet, Chipotle would have been waaaay better.Anyway, my family was not really satisfied with their meals either. We all regret going there. Maybe they have better food at dinner time, but I'll never know because I refuse to come back.
1	Super greasy and very rare fajitas. Won't eat them and won't go back... it was chilis to go that i ordered online...  that "steak" that had the texture of a roast is going to get someone sick...
1	Plain and simple the portions are tiny and the food SUCKS! Now I remember why I've only been here 2 times in my life. Never again.
5	Awesome food and service is even better. When manuel is our server We really enjoy our meals.
1	Hello,We came in on Friday night at 6:30pm and wanted to sit at the bar area and asked if they could clean off one of the many dirty tables since he just cleaned off one if the tables for someone else. The host said he was told don't clean off the tables because they were too busy in the bar to take any more guests. So we were instructed to wait for a seat in the main dining area. I couldn't believe what i was told. So five tables sat dirty on a Friday night. Jack
2	We actually eat here fairly regularly so you think I would rate it higher, but when I really think about it, it could be a lot better. I think we mostly end up here for the chips and salsa, lol!The positives:The "endless" chips and salsa are pretty yummy.The margaritas are usually really goodI like the new pretzel stick appetizer they haveMost of the servers we have had have been friendly and attentiveThe negatives:The FOOD! Really that is the only thing, but this is a restaurant. I have pretty much given up on trying to get a good meal here. I have tried a million and one things and while parts of it are sometimes good, I have never gotten a consistently good meal. The margarita chicken is good, but the sides suck and seem old and stale. Same with the burger, decent but the fries are usually bad. The kids meals are TERRIBLE, to the point I never even pick this as a place to take the kids for dinner anymore. Usually if I come here, its the hubby and me for lunch.  When we come we generally get the chips and salsa endless lunch with soup and salad, but lately even the soup and salad kind of sucks. With all that said, will I be back there at some point enjoying a margarita, chips and salsa and pretzel sticks? Yep. But if I want an actual dinner or lunch, not just a salty (in a good way), carb fest, I would pick somewhere else.
1	Very disappointing!  One of the worst steaks ever, they don't even grill them, cooked on a flat top.  No flavor at all.  Service matched the food quality.  We won't be back.
3	Good bartenders but food is ok now.. I used to like the burger but it taste bland and I've had better before from this Chilli's so I'm going to take a break and hope when I get back.. It has made improvements!
1	I don't know what chilis has done with their menu but it is barely one step above mcdonalds. Horrible service, forever to get drinks, waitress ignored us and food is terrible. Will never go to chilis again. Worst ribs I have ever had.  I don't know what sickly pig they cut them from but they probably shouldn't have been consumed by humans.
2	Bartender is rude. Don't know his name but he is middle aged white guy that works nights. He is sassy and he must think he is so great and everyone else is beneath him. I would rather east somewhere else than eat at this Chili's.
3	Decent most of the times cooked well. The last dinner we had my wife's broccoli was half cooked and raw. Not horrible but definitely a mishap. We hate sending food back as you never know what's going to come out with it. Not a disaster we probably be back.
4	Recently Remodeled, looks nice and freshusually sit in the bar, food is pretty good but not great.Wide selection on the menuService in the bar is always good
1	Terrible. Other than cold beer and good chips & salsa, there's not much to like here. I think they need a new manager or better management training.
1	Not good, have been to Chillis many times before at other locations but this was a travesty, 3 people for lunch, 1 guy had big long red hair in his drink, 1 guy got cold leftover Mac and Cheese, 1 salad was half the size and when addressed the waitress brought dry lettuce with a side of ranch to I guess make up for it? We had to ask the hostess for utensils because the server disappeared, manager came by and was told about all, she said oh sorry but have a good day and walked away, I would rather sit in my office and feast on dry oatmeal than ever go back here.
1	Big puddle in the floor on the to go side waited 15 minutes for an order that was supposed to be ready ten minutes ago. Finally left after being ignored by staff. Will not be returning.
1	This is the worst dining experience I have had in at least a dozen years. The service was so completely inept that it might as well have been absent.We ordered the all-you-can-eat salad and soup for a quick lunch. We also ordered a chips and salsa. Our "server"informed us later that the chips and salsa were out of stock. How is that possible! Worse yet he left that charge on the bill. This is just the beginning.Not once did the server come back to see if we wanted to have a drink refill or additional soup. It took us almost two hours to have this "quick" lunch and get our check, after having the out of stock chips and salsa removed from the bill, for us to leave. This used to be one of out favorite places.   We will not be going back.
1	Have had great service in the past - staffing is clearly an issue. Waited quite a while to be greeted, then chose to sit in the bar area after seeing the dining room chaos going on.  I waited 11 minutes and was not even acknowledged so I left. After sharing with a friend, found out they had service issues the day before.  That party had been warned that the bar area server would take up to 15 minutes before helping you. That warning came from a Chili's staff member. Yikes!
1	Terrible and horrible service. 1st time and the last time. Waited 15 minutes just to be seated with many open tables, waitress was dinky made my order wrong and took forever to bring out the food. Sucks when the people next to u ordered way after and they were done eating when we got our food. Got refilled on drinks 3 times and wow our food is out.never again-everybody should be fired
5	I usually head here after work because I really enjoy the cheesecake. It fits my macros though lol. Anyways I always get the cajun chicken pasta with an extra 4 ounces of chicken. There were a couple times I paid for extra chicken but they didn't give me extra chicken :/ im a pretty understanding guy so I just dropped it. Next time I will check my order be for heading out. Brennan (or Brandon the guy from Hawaii) he is awesome! Has great hospitality! Very nice guy! Keep it up buddy!
5	This review is mostly about the service. It was by far the Best service I had had @ a large chain in a long time. I think we all know what to expect from the food & atmosphere of a chillis by now... But the personality & attentiveness of the servers/bartender was great. Didn't even get to drink my ice tea down to the halfway point before it was topped off. Very alert & we didn't wait for anything.
2	I have to say that this was the worst food that we have ever had at this franchise. Our server was attentive and on top of things. We never had to ask for anything. However the food was horrible. We decided to grab a quick bite after running errands with our little one. The food was just bad. We live in the area but we will never go back.  I also hate when cleaning products are left out on tables next to you while you eat..... For the entire time.
4	Had the chicken, steak, & shrimp fajitas and it was DELICIOUS! DH fell in love with the spicy shrimp tacos. Server (Mandy) was quick, attentive, and friendly. We come here for the table-side guacamole and we'll be back again to try more things on the menu!
1	Hopefully you never get Erica as a server. She was very rude, rushed, and does not know the golden rule. She argues when questioned. I think because we all look younger she thought we wouldn't tip well, her mistake. WILL NEVER RETURN TO THIS CHILIES!
3	Appetizer took 35 min to get.. How I know? I checked when I checked in on yelp cause my stomach was growling! The place was pretty busy on a Thursday night. I like that I don't really have to dressed or put on makeup to go here. The margaritas are delicious. Food.. So so. I ordered the dinner special for 2. 1 app, 2 entrees and 1 dessert for $35 bucks.  Not too bad. First time I've ordered a steak in a long time they I haven't eaten. They put butter all over it which made it very unhealthy for me. I don't think I would really est here again. Maybe just for some soup, salad, drinks and apps. The food just looked and tasted plasticky to me.
1	I think you guys need more stuff working at this location I was waiting about  40 min to get the food and also food wasn't any good
1	My 6yr old daughter loves this place. The molten lava desert and the tablet like device on the table where u can plays games. This is a good family restaurant. Today my wife found a hair in our food. My head is shaved, the wife's is long and black and my daughter's is longer and brown so it wasn't ours. I have a very weak stomach for hair in my food. I sent the appetizer with the hair in it back and my plate too. I had only eaten one bite thank god. I did have to suffer thru the dinner and my daughter eating desert, I forced myself to eat a bite of ice cream cause my daughter really wanted me to. They had the audacity to charge me for my entree even though I had only one bite of it. This will be our last trip to chiles, we can take our iPad with us and my daughter can find another favorite desert.
2	I really really like Chili's. I think they have some amazing food! With that being said, it took about 10 minutes for the server to acknowledge our presence. When he finally talked to us it seemed like he had no interest in actually talking us. It felt a little awkward being there. When we got our round of drinks, it didn't taste that great. I was willing to pay for it but he offered to get me a different drink. When the bill was presented, it showed a charge for the drinks. I didn't bother telling him he forgot because he didn't pay much attention to us in the first place. I'm willing to give this place another go, with hopefully a better experience.
4	Service is usually pretty good. The food is good and you can't beat the 2 for 20. It's close to home and also nice fir a quick lunch date with the wife while grandma is babysitting the baby. It's quick easy and fun so we like it.
1	Horrible experience from the moment I walked in. The restaurant was slow yet the waitress took forever to take our order and lacked quality service. When the food came to the table my plate was dirty, full of debris and appeared very unappetizing. When we asked to bring the concerns to the managers attention the manager simply felt that replateing my food into another plate would solve the issue. When I did eat the food it was warm not hot and felt as though it had been microwaved. Lastly, the icing on the cake is the fact that I was charged $0.99 for table top entertainment without notice or consent. This was my second time there and will be my last. Do not go eat here, stay far away and cook at home because it will be 100x better.
1	Dirty floors!  Cleanser and filthy towel in full view of customers as they come in!  Spray cleanser sprayed the salt and pepper containers!  Dirty towel being used over and over to clean the dirty tables!  Yuk, yuk, yuk!!!
1	I have dined at this location many many times but our recent visit tonight has left us very disappointed. For starters there was a constant wait at the door for people waiting to be seated. Everyone was being told it would be a 15 minute wait, not sure why when majority of their tables were empty and prepped for diners..but yet they still continued to have people waiting at the door for extensive amounts of time. Our server was not friendly, food orders were messed up, chips were so salty they were inedible. This place has really gone down hill and its disappointing. In the past we would regularly see the manager ( gentleman ) walking around, greeting tables, checking up on everyone's experience... But there was nothing of this sort tonight. There was a huge disinterest by staff with I don't give a sh*t attitudes. Perhaps management has changed? Sadly we will never return to this location.
3	Service was slow but friendly. Food was as expected (standard chili's fare, no better, no worse). The raspberry margarita is great.
4	Our waiter, Brian, was fantastic.   Salmon, steak,  veggies, and Tilapia were all delicious.  A good experience.
4	The food took a long time because they had to grill some more chicken. When it did come, the manager personally gave us our food. Also, the manager gave us the entree for free and a free desert for the inconvenience. Great service. Come here for sure!
