4	Stopped by after work to take a look around and I have to say I love the concept.  A little too tired to give it a proper taste test today but likely heading back tomorrow or Sunday to further investigate F.A.M.E.'s nightmarket concept is without a doubt something new to The Strip and with skewered meats, dim sum, stir fry, dessert, and even a permanent Fukuburger Truck with late night hours I can definitely see this place serving as a change of pace from the largely corporate offerings of The Linq dining while also serving up some excellent grub for late night revelers not entirely sober enough to drive to Spring Mountain.
4	Items Selected:Bourban ChickenKaraageOrange ChickenSuimai/ShumaiTamago Burger - furikake, teriyaki and wasabi mayo, finished with crispy onion strings and a fried eggJazz Fries - Togarashi-garlic fries with brown gravy and 'crack sauce'Barbeque Duck and Pork comboUnknown to the reservations department at Caesars' and inciting an "I don't believe it is open yet" when I contacted The Linq concierge suffice it to say that the "Asian Nightmarket"-inspired F.A.M.E. quietly opened to the public on Friday and having stopped in to see the space then I returned the next day just after the doors opened at 11am to give it a taste, my seventy-minute visit curated by the expansive venue's two owners while a young, energetic staff buzzed around explaining the concept to curious customers. Not only new but decidedly nontraditional in its format with several stations encompassing stir-fry, soups, dim-sum, BBQ, Thai, Korean, Chinese Take-Out, and the first stationary Fukuburger it should be expected that F.A.M.E. is not yet firing on all cylinders - Beard Papa, boba, in-house pastry, and Fochun upstairs coming soon - but with full meals unlikely to top $15/pp and hours extending to 2am the concept is already poised to make waves as nearly everything I tasted was quite good. Beginning first with a few bites of chicken - a trio of karaage, 'bourban,' and orange - I was immediately impressed by the crunchy sapor of the first while the last was a touch too sweet and moving next through a basket of juicy shumai my attention turned to the 'truck,' my first Fukuburger moist and rich even before being gilded with a slightly overcooked egg and punchy accoutrements. Rarely impressed by potatoes but finding the crispy 'jazz' fries quite addicting as I chatted with the team about the upcoming "art, music, and entertainment" it was just prior to noon when my final plate arrived and with both duck and pork crispy yet supple beneath a touch of acid-sweet sauce I immediately swooned, a $12 plate worth the drive from Spring Mountain to The Strip as opposed to the other way around.
1	Went here tonight, I know it's only been open 1 day but there are some serious flaws in the concept.  The food was ok, nothing very good.  It is crazy expensive.  I know it's the strip but you are paying $6 for 4 tiny shumai.  Or $9 for a bowl with 1 cup of rice, 1/4 cup of beef and 2 strips of pickled ginger.  I got the BBQ duck and pork plate, $16.  The duck was bad, there was no meat on any of the bones and it was super fatty.  They did not render the fat out.  The pork was pretty good.  The pork bao was not very good, the bao was the frozen variety.  After asking for a beer and getting a crazy look from a girl at their bar, I asked if they were still open.  She shrugged her shoulders and said she didn't know.  5 minutes later I saw another guy at the bar, I told him what happened.  He apologized and got me an Asahi draft for $9.19!Ok despite the prices there are other issues.  The presentation is worse than Panda Express.  There is no thought put into how the food looks.  The whole set up is super confusing.  There are some signs and pricing but some booths have no signs or very minimal signs.  Plus you have to pay at every booth.  You want bao, wait in line and pay.  Ramen?  Wait in line and pay.  Beer.  Hope someone is there, wait and pay.  My friend ordered shumai and since it's so disorganized they gave it to someone else after her.  Very poor set up.  Ultimately for the price, you expect better food and service.I know they opened yesterday and it's a beautiful space, but quite frankly this concept is not working in its current state.  I wish them the best but I won't be back.
2	I will have to agree with Sasha's review! Its a new concept, new restaurant opening but they need to fix some of the flaws that Sasha and I experienced. Before I provide my experience, I will say, Cool concept! Definitely reminds me of when I was in China, Thailand and Philippines going to their night markets. The hotness in there definitely reminded me of my visits to Asia.  I wish it was a little cooler especially in the summer.  I enjoy the different Asian cuisines in one place. From what I could see the cuisines represented were Vietnamese, Chinese and Japanese and Fuku burger (which is one of my favorite food trucks in town).  I thought overall there would be more options and the food quality in the window would look better even Panda Express food looks like the freshness and quality is better.I would have to agree that buying food from different places were annoying.  What was more annoying is asking for something and the worker at the front had no idea what I was talking about.  I wanted the summer rolls in which the cashier gave me but then I said, where is the peanut sauce? He replied we don't have that. I said, um, its right there in your display and who would serve summer rolls without peanut sauce? He looked confused. I pointed to the display and he said, oh let me ask. You need to hire people that are knowledgeable in the cuisine.  We paid for our 2 choice plate. After we ordered from the "Chinese" panda express looking station, we went to the next station to order the bento looking set to include, BBQ pork and duck. I didn't think it was worth $16. And very true about the duck... I took a bite and it was bones! Yuck! It wasn't even good after I had to wait 15 minutes for my food.  The food took forever to come out! And there wasn't that many people in line. (Possible kitchen still learning the process?) We paid at another station for the plate.  Now off to fuku burger... To get our tamago burger and fries with crack sauce and side Mac salad.  This is the only place that knows what they are doing flawless service and good food. Now we want boba and beer and we are off to the next station. I have never waited for boba for 20 minutes.  Why did it take so long? They made orders for people behind me and forgot my boba. By the end I was annoyed. If I have to spend that much money on fast food, I would rather eat at Brooklyn Bowl or Chayo.  I spent just as much at those restaurants and the quality is better.  I may give them a couple more months to see if they fixed "new restaurant opening flaws". First, easy fix, start with hiring people who are serving the food and cashiers know what they are serving!
4	Yes, I am a fan - of their slushee watermelon boba that is :) We had wandered in one night to check the place out after having dinner at Chayo nearby. I glanced up at the menu at the station right by the entrance and was intrigued when I saw the word "slushee" up there. I was too full to have any right then but made a mental note to possibly come back for it the next day.By the way, there was a friendly worker near the entrance who gave us a quick explanation of the whole night market concept and encouraged us to check out all the different stations :)We came back the next day for their slushee bobas. The menu was no longer up; instead, the DVD menu for a Bruce Lee movie was up :p I had to ask the guy at the station for the different flavors they had available. He had me at watermelon lol. It took him a few minutes to make it. I had a bit of sticker shock when he told me the price when he rang me up - over $9! It made my sister change her mind about getting her own and it was big enough for the two of us to share anyway. (But it's so nice and refreshing you might not want to share lol.)Yes, it was expensive. But it was a generous portion (one size only) and very refreshing (lots of actual slices of watermelon were used). Perfect for a day when temperatures reached triple digits!
1	Needs better serving attendants, doesn't  show office hours , servers don't know when the restaurant opens and when open Servers aren't ready chefs are not present when open this only for Fuku .
1	I had high hopes for this place when I heard that it was opening. Asian food in the heart of Vegas's newest attraction, the Linq. That sounds like good news to me and good is what I was expecting. Unfortunately, my hopes were shot down soon after watching my friend order food. They have a boba place inside as well as a place where you can order dishes like a restaurant and a place where you can order food down a line like Panda Express. Looking at the prices that they had at the boba place, it was a little pricy and I can't expect it to have that much better quality than somewhere off the strip, and so I deem the price a little higher than normal. I understand rent must be expensive, but they won't be making money with higher prices. The area where you can order food had a variety of dishes from different Asian cuisines, but this again was a little expensive. I can't imagine it tasting any better than somewhere off the strip at a specific ethnic restaurant, and especially for the price they were charging, $11 for fried rice is a little much. They also have dim sum & dumplings and they list it out what kind they have on the window. The prices are a little expensive for how much they give you, which is the usual 4 at traditional dim sum places. $4.99+ for an order is not worth getting while you are there, you might as well go out somewhere else off the strip for dim sum. The area where you can pick out food like at Panda Express was also pricy and it didn't look very good, it seemed as though it was sitting out there for a while. When my friend ordered food from there, she got the duck and they microwaved it... You know, when you're at home at they're leftovers, it's ok to microwave food, but when you order food from outside of your own home, that ain't cool bro. That right there was just shocking for me that a place would even do that. So I don't think the food will look too appetizing unless it came fresh out of the kitchen, just make sure they don't microwave the food before they give it to you.Last but not least, when my friend's food was finished, they brought the food out to where we were sitting. When the waitress (or whatever category you want to put them in) brought out her food, the tray didn't have utensils and the waitress said she forgot and asked her to get it herself. Umm... I think that's a little bit rude to say, and you have a job where you mostly stand right next to the front anyways, so I don't understand why she couldn't have just gotten them right after. I don't mind the higher prices of the places inside the Linq, I can at least understand that much, but when you have unappealing food, microwave food, and have bad service, that's a big nono there. Eat before you go to the Linq if you can.
1	Needs A LOT of work. The set up of the place is pretty confusing. There was no greeter at the door. The place was pretty darn slow on a Saturday night (there was a TON of people at the Linq the night I went and the other restaurants were busy) so there shouldn't be an excuse for the workers to just stand there if a customer  walks in. What bothered me the most was that I had to get their attention when I wanted to order. I noticed that the workers just socialized amongst themselves and some of them were seated on the bar stools talking to the other workers behind the counter. Not a single employee asked/acknowledge my presence when I walked around. I even stood right next to an employee, I made eye contact w/ him and he didn't even say anything to me. My little brother just wanted to grab a quick bite so I just ended up getting 6 assorted cream puffs for about $20 from Beard Papa's. The cream puffs were good (a bit pricy). My little brother ordered a tamago burger and fries from Fuku Burger for $13. Overall I'm disappointed at my experience here because of the staff. Hopefully they can make improvements. I expect more from a place like this. It's a new restaurant in a new and popular mall on the strip; the service should be up to par because of all the competition.
3	The place was pretty empty on a Sunday around 7:00PM. Not a bad concept but service was slow and I can't imagine ordering anything if they were packed. As a new resident of Las Vegas I had to try Fuku so I ordered the Tamago burger with a side of jazz fries. It was good but not great. The teriyaki sauce in addition to the fried onion strings were extremely salty. The beer was a little pricy but I wouldn't mind coming back for a beer, sit outside in their patio area and watch the crowd passing by.
1	This review is for the FAME concept in general, not the individual food stall that I tried. When I first heard of the concept - Asian street market and lounge, I was pretty excited. I've been to Hawker Centers in Singapore and the international food courts of malls in Bangkok, Hong Kong, and Macau and the food there is always great with a fun, high energy environment. FAME was none of those things - it was just an over glorified, expensive lounge-y looking food court.  IMHO, they tried a little too hard on the decor - you really just needed some plastic folding tables, plastic chairs, fluorescent lighting and you'd have something more authentic. The layout is confusing - some stalls had menus while others didn't. Boba was $9. Need I continue? Stalls included a Beard Papa-boba/dessert place, a Fuku burger, noodle stall, and some dim sum/Chinese BBQ stall. We dropped by around noon on Saturday to check the place out and it was dead. Walked by the Fuku burger and it peaked our interest. I eventually did come back around 1:50 am and ate at Fuku Burger and really liked my meal (got the #5 with jazz fries - good drunk food at reasonable prices). The one downside of Fuku is that it closes at 2 a.m. - it really should be open until at least 3 or 4 a.m. for the club crowd to sober up at. Overall, they need to totally rethink the execution of this place - bring in some high profile brands from LA's SGV and let them set up shop here. Boba can be from Half and Half, desserts from Bambu - it can still be overpriced  b/c as of right now, it's the only option for that kind of stuff on the Strip. At this point,  I'd recommend driving over to Chinatown if you want to get your asian grub on. Only go here if you are desperate for boba, or if you want some good fusion-y burgers.
4	Just had the tasting here with my team.The owner from Taiwan, David Wu, is a really cool gentleman and more like an artist than a businessman.Their price is reasonable if you take the consideration of its location at the center of the Strip.The decor is on the LOFT style and with Fuku burger, the food truck, inside the restaurant.Their Singapore noodles, lobsters, beef tofu soup, and pan seared dumplings are really good.The variety here is amazing. You got dim sum, Chinese food, Taiwanes snacks, ramen, and HK BBQ.It's an economical place to hang out on the strip if you are craving for some Taiwanese, HK, Chinese, Japanese, and Korean food.
3	Ah fame! I should have known by how empty it was that I should have not eaten here. I came specifically for FUKUBURGER! I love em. Love love love em. I was super disappointed that the price point was so much higher than the truck but I get why. The place was cool, modern, they had a DJ, and they had a lot of staff. I didn't try anything but did have jazz fries and a fuku burger that was obviously delicious. I can't say id go back. For the price there are so many other choices say nearby china town for the type of food they offer here. I'd only come back for fuku if the truck wasn't around.Did I mention the setup for Fukuburger is really cool?
1	This place needs some serious work. I admire the decor, it looks really hip and fresh, but food wise, this place is way too expensive, and honestly, poor quality. FAME seems like it's set up to be like a modern Asian Market Place with vendors lined up kind of like a lunch line. There was Fuku Burger at one end of the area, which my friends ended up eating at and said it was pricier than the food truck. I chose to go to the opposite side of the area, where they showcased duck and pork hanging (kind of like Sam Woo BBQ, if anyone is familiar with that restaurant). I ordered the duck and pork combo and switched the rice out for noodles (lo-mein possibly), which came out to $18. While I definitely thought this was way over-priced for something trying to mimic an Asian Market (where prices are cheap as hell, helloooo i.e. Philippines, Thailand, etc), I still gave it a fair shot.  Still, the quality of food was garbage. I literally saw them microwave the duck. They didn't cut it from the duck hanging in the window, and when the server brought the food to my table, she forgot my utensils and said, "Oh shoot, I forgot to give you utensils, can you just get them?" Smh. Also, the manager scolded one of his workers in front of me for not giving someone a number card, really not professional. The food tasted old, not fresh, and the duck was soggy. The pork was reasonable, but definitely not $18 worth. The noodles were so-so, oily, and not very flavorful, and the side vegetables were oily and also not fresh. If this place wants to survive, they need to cut prices, work on quality of food, big time, and work on customer service. I was really disappointed with this place, be wary.
2	This review is for Beard Papa's. Beard Papa's cream puffs are mediocre and unappetizing. I tried the original and their was hardly any vanilla cream on the inside and it was also extremely bland. I expressed my concerns to the manager and he was nice enough to refund me and let me sample  the cookie dough cream puff. The cookie dough puff tasted nothing like cookie dough and had the same bland filling in the middle. Both stars are for the friendly and passionate manager.
1	Seen this place a few times, decided to walk in to ask for a menu,  they said no menu, just like that not helpful at all. Place was completely empty besides me then this security guard walked in and they offered him a sample but not me. Wanted to order a soup but was completely ignored then this lady who didn't understand English came out and couldn't help me at all so I left frustrated. With no food or tea!
1	Was really excited to visit this place but it was such a disappointment. I didn't try the boba cause it was a ridiculous $7.99 just for the drink and then an extra $.99 just for the boba, say what!!??? So finally decided to get the roasted duck and It was absolutely not edible and disgusting, they microwaved it right in front of me lolll. Anyways I hope they get their stuff right soon cause if not I see this place going bye bye soon.
4	I love the idea of this place and since it has a fuku burger it wins me over. I tried the bbq pork too and it was tender and tasty . I hope they continue to experiment and to expand the menu . I will for sure visit again on my next trip .
2	TURN DOWN THE DAMN MUSIC!! the cream puff I had at that papa place was pretty good. Couldn't hear anything though.
2	After reading most of the reviews, they're pretty accurate. I still haven't had their ramen or Asian food combinations, but I've had their FUKU Burger, Boba Lounge, and Beard Papa. Fukuburger is by far the most hyped up burger joint on the planet. I had their burgers when they first opened up, and they were pretty decent. But this place is a disaster. The two times I've been here, including today, they messed up on our order and forgot to give us food that we ordered until we asked them. How hard is it to look at what you need to make it and make it? I get it, people make mistakes, but twice in a row they mess up? I guess third strike and they're out. But on top of that, their Tamago is just a big mess. They just throw all the ingredients together and call it food. The fried onions are always stale now. I'm not paying 9 bucks for a messy burger. Boba Lounge. You're getting what you're paying for. 9 bucks for traditional fruit slush, real fruits, and honey infused boba in a big ass cup. And if for a big twist, add a shot for 5 more bucks. Service is cute too, haha. Beard Papa. I've read some of the reviews for this place, and I've actually had their eclair, and it was pretty good. Haven't had their original cream puff yet, so I'll have to try it. Overall. Two stars. Boba was good for the price you give em'. Fukuburger is overrated and they need to be more organized. Beard Papa ain't so bad. Pretty good.
3	This place is located at the Linq & very convenient for us, since we were staying at the Quad. During EDC weekend, if you showed your EDC pass, the boba was BOGO. Surprisingly, the actual boba exceeded our expcectations.. it was done nicely!We also had the fried rice, which was pretty good. I also got the Korean spicy soup, which is pretty pricey (around $14) & I only had a few sips of the soup & quickly realized that I wasn't that hungry afterall (#EDCproblems)
5	Love this place.  Good ambiance. Good music. GREAT performances!Try the fresh watermelon slush with lychee jelly and beard papas!
2	Good effort, but a fail in my mind.  It is definitely WAY too loud in there... if I can't have a conversation while yelling... not a spot for me.  Tried the dumplings, burgers and coconuts... and found the price to be fairly high for mediocre 'street' food.  I think the only thing I would be back for is to pick-up some Beard Papas cream puffs.
2	I'm not sure what they were thinking when they thought of this place. It sounded good at first. Asian street food, like a night market, with entertainment. The latter they got down. The night market part? Absolutely not. I just got back from Taiwan and understand the charm of an Asian night market: it's cheap, novel in contents, and diverse. These factors simply do not exist here. Pointless.If you're used to the sort of "street" crowd at Fukuburger, this will be familiar entertainment. It's hip-hop, basically. If that's your scene - this is for you! As a matter of fact, Fukuburger is there for a mere dollar more than their normal prices.There is also a boba/smoothie bar combined with Beard Papa. The boba is absurdly expensive. $7 for the smoothie, $8 with boba or jelly. Beard Papa is around $2.50/ea. Though, there is only one filling available to go with the three types of puffs available. It is not the whole deal. I don't understand why.I'd say more but that's honestly about all there is to say. It's usually empty in there. Lifeless inside. There's just nothing to do other than enjoy music.
4	I went for a smoothie after EDC and it was delicious. Still a bit pricey but it was good & large size. It was mango with rainbow jelly.
2	Stopped by for a late night juice run and was shocked at the prices. $7 for a juice, $8 smoothie and $8/9 with boba added to it. Despite the prices, I decided to stay because I was really craving something different. I settled on a green tea juice without boba since my stomach cannot handle the little gooey stuff. I went up to order and my total came out to almost $10 even though it shouldn't even have been $8. After waiting for my cousin to order her drink, I went to tell the cashier that she messed up my order and all she said was "sorry, but the drink is already being made." I was furious for overpaying but when I saw my drink I was even angrier. I ordered a green tea JUICE without boba and I got a green tea SMOOTHIE with boba. I asked the cashier if I could have another drink since they messed up mine and she said I would have to pay for another one....no thanks.Talk about customer service. My matcha green tea smoothie was good, but I could not finish it because of the boba. My cousin got a mango smoothie and it was also good. I probably won't be back for another overpriced drink unless I'm really craving it.
2	This place has a variety of things! Pizza, noodle dishes, rice dishes, fuku burger, and a boba bar.  I got Chicken Pad Thai & the hubby got a spicy fuku burger.  It was ok, but nothing that made us say we definitely have to come back.  However, the man that took my Pad Thai order (black guy, kinda short, and skinny) can't remember his name, but he was SUPER nice and very helpful!
4	Stopped in here for some Asian Fusion fix. I actually like the concept, the food, the decor. I ordered the Korean BBQ burrito and my friend ordered the Asian tacos. I am definitely a fan of this establishment.
5	I went to Las Vegas for a few days and stayed at Caesar's and saw the big ferris wheel from my room.  I asked what that area was and was told The Linq. So, we walked over and found a new place on the Strip to go to!  We saw different restaurants and bars there, yet when I got to the middle of The Linq I found FAME.  We entered and were blown away with the decor, the music and then they had 8 different food and beverage stalls to choose from.  It stand for Food, Art, Music and Entertainment.We were greeted by a staff member who took us through the concept and the variety was a good mix of Asian Street Food.  I had freshly made dumplings......I can't remember ever watching that.  We also ordered a wok stirred bowl of Mongolian Beef and a Fuku Burger.  It all was delicious.  Being thirsty we ordered a Watermelon Slushy and a Milk Tea Boba. To end the experience we ate a Beard Papa freshly filled Eclair.  I have traveled a lot and enjoy eating out so I am writing to let friends know that they should visit FAME at The Linq when in town!
3	FAME is located at the LINQ.  Generally, I wouldn't specifically go there because of the sea of doe-eyed wandering tourists, but FAME is located in-between places I frequent on the strip.  After a few beers, the idea of Asian fusion food was "simply irresistible" (credit to Robert Palmer).  So, we popped into FAME and grabbed a couple of short rib tacos, which hit the spot.  Later, we were passing through (during monsoonal rain) and stopped in for a plate of flat ramen noodles with beef.  Both food items were tasty.  The prices seemed reasonable, given where we were.  The set up is like an open warehouse scene and is very casual.  You order at registers.  The is no wait staff.  My only bitch would be the price of beer at about $8.  I pay $8 for a beer at the Bellagio where my feet are planted on fancy plush carpet, not on cement floor.
5	Loved it. Had the Pan Fried Pork Postickers. They were amazing,  better than PF Changs,  and that is saying something.  Then had the LoMein,  with Chicken and Beef,  delicious. I would definitely try this place. Wanted a burger from FUKU,  but got too full.  Loved it. .
4	You walk into a pretty nice decorated place. The stations are a little strange. You have to order at different ones for different items. I ordered my Tea at the front and then ordered my Ramen in the back. You set your number on your table, and they bring you your food. The tea special they had going on was funny. You bought one and got the other free. So I wanted them without boba. The cashier rings it up, and its for two drinks. I stopped her and asked what happen to the free one? She says "You have to get them with boba to get the discount". I thought that was so funny.. You couldn't have it without boba, to get the discount!? I enjoyed my Ramen and tea after all, while I watched people dance outside as I ate, so it was a very lively place. I would see myself coming back, and still getting my Tea without Boba. Gross things lol
1	Imagine a food court with all Asian food and everything is double the price! That's what this is!
3	FAME is a legit concept, we just wished the food owned up to the name. The food advertised on the little papers are expensive and they look far from appetizing. We always walk in, take a gander at what they have to offer, but then quickly change our minds about dining here.We've also tried Fuku burger's Tamago burger and jazz fries, but we were completely disappointed. Every flavor that we could taste was very salty. The burger didn't have any exciting pops of flavor and the fries became super swampy, soggy and terrible from the salt bombed gravy and mayo. The flavors were just too simple and fell flat on my asian fusion radar. We would try another one of their burger creations in the future, but we are definitely wary.The reason why I'm not hating too hard on FAME, is because they have an incredible location at the LINQ - right smack dab in the middle of thangs! Plus, their "Boba Lounge" is not half bad. Their honey green tea is super refreshing and actually had a robust, full bodied, deep tea flavor. They also added the right amount of honey to sweeten it nicely. The boba itself is white/clear and had pops of reddish pink color which is really cool to look at, I just wished they cooked it properly. Most of the boba were super mushy and dissolved on contact, some were super chewy, and then there were a few boba that had the right consistency. The drink size is hefty, but for about $9, I wouldn't make my way out here for it. But if I'm in the immediate area and there's a real life boba emergency - I would definitely dabble.
2	Ultimately this place sounds so much better in theory than what I've actually experienced. Cool concept, but execution is lacking. Have popped in here a few times now but never feel compelled to order more than a snack.The few promotional articles/ads I've seen for this place make it sound like a ton of fun: "Food, Art, Music, and Entertainment"-  but it just comes across as a dismal food court. Have yet to go in when it's buzzing and full of positive energy- usually it's fairly empty and even the employees look like they'd rather be elsewhere, and the food simply doesn't look that appealing.Maybe they just need more work, or maybe the "Art, Music, & Entertainment" portions happen at times when I'm not there, but the "fun and dynamic environment with dancers and drummers" has yet to materialize.EDIT: Correction, I saw drummers outside once. But I didn't realize they were affiliated with the FAME business, they just seemed to be in the courtyard area as live entertainment in general. And I only saw them once.
1	Just here on vacation with my family. Stopped by here because they're craving asian food. Ordered a burger and ate it half way through looking okay until it was literally raw beef. It wasn't rare. Just literally raw.  It was a struggle getting a refund after waiting awhile and the manager or whoever was managing that day didn't apologize. :/. The girls were nice though, thanks. Boba tea was awesome though.
2	The concept is great, Karma Pizza is good, nothing exceptional. Boba tea is not something I would recommend, I tried lychee with lychee jelly and it was watery and then I tried the milk tea ( and they has ran out of boba) and offered rainbow jelly and I accepted. Such a horrible suggestion, rainbow jelly is tangy and acid and milk tea is sweet and creamy. It was huge and very expensive :(
2	FAME seems to be having an identity crisis. It doesn't know what it wants to be. There are several counters that serve different types of food, but they call themselves an Asian place. I got a burrito. Don't get me wrong, the food was good; it was prepared right in front of me and it tasted very fresh. My girlfriend ordered dumplings and was made to wait long enough that I finished my burrito completely before she got her 6 dumplings. They did not give her dumpling sauce, instead they gave her a cup to put soy sauce in. Soy sauce does not go with dumplings.When I went to place my order, a worker approached me and asked if I wanted to order from the Mexican counter. I said yes and she asked which type of meat I wanted. I said shredded beef. She then simply turned and told the woman behind the counter what I could have easily told her. It was all very odd. There was no real 'counter' for the server outside of the kitchen to stand at, she was just awkwardly standing next to me.I asked for shredded beef and I'm pretty sure I got pulled pork. It still tasted very good, but the place made me kind of uncomfortable with how oddly/poorly(?) it was run.FAME stands for "Food, Art, Music, Entertainment." It wants to be a food court, a single restaurant, and a club all at once. Oh yeah I forgot to mention, there was a DJ in the corner trying to get people to dance in the middle of what was essentially a food court. Very odd. Maybe I'd try this place again in the afternoon when they hopefully aren't trying so hard.
5	So bomb the dim sum option is on point like seriously. Recommend this place for those craving Asian food on a budget. I will definitely come back for sure ;)
3	I really enjoyed the fuku burger here! The boba and food was extremely pricy though and personally it's not worth the extra dollars. I would definitely make the trip to Chinatown for cheaper and better boba rather than an $8 cup of boba despite the large portion. But the cashier was awfully sweet, definitely will be going back for the great service here. She was extremely tall and she seemed very young but had excellent service and was very kind enough to remake my boba when it wasn't to my liking.
4	Fame has a pretty good location at the linq. They have 8 food stalls including boba, beer ans sake. Their stalls include pizza, tacos, dim sum, all types of noodles, burgers and sweets. We had udon, ramen, and dim sum. Udon doesn't have as much flavor as I would like it to. Ramen is good. Dim sum is good if they make it in front of you. The decor is very hipster. Worth the visit if you are in the area, but not worth planning a whole trip for.
3	Had the Mongolian beef, it wasn't even average. Can't believe we paid $15 for a entree I always thought was hard to do wrong. Pho was average. Atmosphere's nice if you're out for a good time. This is basically a food court, great variety.
4	If you can't find it and everyone you ask has no idea what you are talking about... It's at the LINQ. Very cool atmosphere once you are there! The boba drinks are massive so I would recommend sharing.
1	This place has average food at best and everything is over priced. I would rather spend a little more and walk down the way to yardhouse.
4	The Shrimp Pad Thai was really good and so was the Thai Milk Tea :-) It was the perfect combo for me. Very nice portions to eat, I got full off my meal. Lol. Should have known when the cashier asked how hungry I was. Lol!!!! I will definitely re-visit this place for some good grub and music  Note: They have Lucky Buddha Beer here too!
4	I loved Fuku burger! It was so good!! Gotta try the other stuff next time. And I love the atmosphere!
3	"FAME! IM GONNA LIVE FOREVER! IM GONNA LEARN HOW TO FLY!"Wait a minute, this place isnt where the soundtrack came from!?!?Actually, what FAME stands for is "Food, Art, Music, and Entertainment".FOOD. This is where I think that its most important. You have a bunch of food stalls all clustered together. Fukuburger and Beard Papas are what is well known. There are others as well that serve dim sum, boba tea, and udon bowls. I cant seem to remember the names of these places. Anyway, bottom line is that everything is overpriced due to well, you're on the strip.ART. When you go inside, the decor is definitely all about art. From benches that look like chairs to parts of the walls looking like window sills, they definitely try to keep you on your toes when it comes "Abstract Art". MUSIC. Yes they play an array of music inside by default. On some nights you will have DJ's with their large speakers spinning music.ENTERTAINMENT. Yes the DJ playing loud music outside is part of the entertainment. Just the other night I witnessed some drummers doing their thing like we were on some Hawaiin Island. Come to find out they are actually employees because they are wearing shirts that say "FAME" all over them. Inside you have several flat screens that may or may not be showing the big game.Overall, the food here is decent, which in my opinion is what would draw me here in the first place. It's just the pricing on some of these items is just a bit ridiculous. To me FAME would probably stand for "Food And Mediocre Entertainment".Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #181
2	I was excited to try this place out because it had fuku burger. I have always been a fan of the food truck but found it too taxing to try to figure out where the truck was parked, what time and if there was any food left. So basically FAME is the food court at linq. It's a collection of different vendors like beard papa - they have cream puffs and Boba drinks; pizza buddha; fuku burger and an Asian place with just a Chinese character for a name (see pic ) I have no clue why they call this food court "FAME", is it because they think the eateries here are Famous in their own right??? NOT! I gave it 2 stars coz the couple times we went there the place wasn't packed and had plenty of seats available. Also they had utensils and condiments that u could use on each table. The fountain drinks were also self serve. If not for these I would've given it a 1 star. Ok so 1.)"BEARD PAPA" - they are supposedly famous for their cream puffs, I tried the chocolate one with vanilla cream, it was good but no wow factor especially at almost $4 a piece. It wasn't too sweet which is good. I tried their drinks as well, milk tea was good and mango slush was good, the drinks are huge and this is the only size it comes in avg at 10$/ drink. So ya it's going to be a pretty expensive snack! 2.) FUKU BURGER - my all time faves have always been the tamago burger, the spicy burger, Naga dog and the togarashi fries. Please note that they cook their burgers medium so If u don't like seeing pink in your burgers u can specify how you want the meat cooked. I am sad to say though that although the food was still good the quality of food I had that day was below par. I had asked for my spicy burger to be medium well, it came out well done, also the fries were a bit on the overcooked side. On top of the food coming out about 20 mins. Later they had shorted us an order of the Katsu burger which he had forgotten to dispute since we were so hungry already and the kids were driving us nuts. So that was $10 for nothing. And yes... the burgers and hot dogs avg at around $10 per item and no fries or drink included, they have fountain drinks available at $10/drink coz it's in a so called "souvenir cup". So better get ur soda elsewhere. So bottom line... was not impressed anymore and got the craving out of my system. 3.) "No name chinese/thai/Japanese identity crisis - ish " this is the place that has a Chinese character for a name. I think they did this on purpose so that it's harder to bad mouth and criticize them. So the first time we tried fried rice- which was the only delicious item we tried, but it wasn't even that amazing my standards, definitely not $12 amazing coz that's how much it was for one plate that is good for about 1 1/2 ppl maybe. Shrimp dumplings - the wrapper was too thick and it had 2 tiny pcs. Of shrimp in it which was falling apart when u bit into it. So when u eat it u have to eat it in one big bite and u get a mouth full of the wonton wrapper. Gyozas- wrapper also very thick and the ground pork filling was falling apart as well. UDON SOUP - soup base was a dark brown color and did not taste good at all... at least the noodles were edible. Ramen - the soup tasted fishy and too salty. BBQ pork platter - this one was the worst, it took them almost 1 hour to serve this and when I tried the BBQ pork I had to SPIT IT OUT! it was just nasty! It had a very weird after taste, I could not make myself swallow it in fear that I might regurgitate. The dishes here range from $10-$15 per serving. service was also very slow and they bring ur dishes out at different intervals. This place definitely needs to train the cooks better.So overall impression of FAME... i love the ambience, but it is way over priced and it feels like all they are after is the consumers money without delivering good quality and service. It's like a Walmart pretending to be a Nordstrom and charging Nordstrom prices. Very slow service, so if you are in a hurry, good luck to you! Very disorganized, also no sink to wash your hands not even hand sanitizer stations. And they expect you to tip them too? Tsk tsk tsk... i am better off spending my money elsewhere where I can at least get my money's worth.
1	Changed my rating because when I came back for my favorite boba maker she wasn't working in the boba place and instead there were managers screaming and yelling at the workers! Very uncomfortable experience, do not appreciate the workers being treated like this. My order was made wrong and I was extremely unhappy.
3	I love the entire concept of Food Art Music and Entertainment especially when you have a small group of people who cannot decide that to eat, and you have a "food court" with something for everyone.The prices are affordable and we both decided on FUKU this time. I had their version of a Loco Moco and it was quite delicious. Being gluten free can sometimes limit entrees that are not filling especially when one leaves out the bread! We also ordered the garlic fries, I was a little disappointed in the garlic fries, I want more garlic!!! There is pizza, boba drinks, tacos, pasteries....The ambiance is fun, a visual playhouse of urban meets chaos. People loved the giant chair in there and were using it for their photo's. I imagine it would be loud with the taiko drummers but I would return to see what it is all about. For some reason, it was 110 outside and they had both front doors open so it was a little on the warm side inside. One person in out group left early to cool off so hopefully this is not the norm. I will be back!
1	I came here with my boyfriend for the first time because we were hungry & have heard plenty of good things about Fukuburger (and we were really hungry!). It's connected to F.A.M.E along with, I believe 7?, other restaurants and there was no one in line so we ordered our food and the girl asked us for a silly name for them to call out so I gave my silly name as Stargirl and my boyfriend's was Glue. So that was kind of cool, unique even. We ordered separately and sat at the table closest to their little section and waited. Patiently, might I add. But finally over 20 minutes passed and I still didn't get my food and i FAINTLY a heard Stargirl? Like she was unsure, so I went up and got my food. My boyfriend told me to eat because I'm a slow eater and by the time he gets his food, I would probably still be eating, so I ate. More people were in line to order and I heard their names being called out, well, I heard SOMETHING being called out, because their speaker where the cook calls the name out is completely muffled, and people were coming up to pick up their food. About 10 more minutes passed, I finished eating and I see food sitting at the register. I look at the girl and she hasn't said anything and my boyfriend says to just wait. I waited. Still, the food sat there, nothing was called out, so I came up to her and asked if that food was for the name Glue, because he ordered right after me and we've been waiting. She says I'm not sure, looks at the cook and asks twice if the food was for Glue, and he goes yeah, and she hands it to me. That's all. So overall, 1 star because my top bun of my burger was cold, I waited a long time for my food, he waited an extremely long time for his food, and the food was not worth the wait. I heard so many good things about Fuku but for us, it was nothing special and I'm not likely to return.
5	awesome awesome awesome!! Just like Taipei! :D
1	Want to like this place - I really do.Cool atmosphere and all, but GOSH , the ramen noodles sucked!!Almost inedible.I'm a local.Please go to Chinatown for real ramen noodles.20% Cheaper in Chinatown too.
1	Straight up THE worst ramen I've ever had. The noodles were alright, but the pork was flavorless. And the broth. Oh man, the broth. I thought the pork was flavorless, but the broth was worse. It tasted like what you'd expect if you took a quarter of a Maruchan flavor packet, removed the salt, added water, added more water, and added it to the flavorless pork and noodles. I thought my abomination of a quick Saturday night dinner was over, but it came back to kick my ass again. And by kick my ass, I mean my next 5 toilet-based experiences were watery and miserable.If I could give zero stars...well, I'd still give 1 because I loved the interior decor. But aside from that, avoid this place's ramen like the plague!
3	I really love the idea they had when constructing this place, but it unfortunately doesn't follow through- at the cost of having this place clumped together with the rest of the Asian fast food establishments on the strip. My hopes even were piqued by the Japanese translation of the menu.I ordered a pad Thai chicken along with a boba honey green tea from another "stall". The pad Thai went for $12.97 and the boba $8.63- a little high, but you're on the strip. The tea is large- I'd say 24oz, and was delicious. The pad Thai however was disappointing: lifeless chewy rice noodles which were bathed in a watery tamarind sauce, that almost made this dish resemble a soup. If you need a ramen/Thai fix during your stay- it is here for you. But if you have a great restaurant at home, I'd advise waiting.
2	I was so excited about this place but it was a total let down.  Everything here is ridiculously expensive ($8+ for boba drinks?! $10 draft beers?!)  We tried food from several stalls and were extremely disappointed.  You are better off going to Chinatown.  For a homage to Asian food stalls, the food couldn't be worse and the portions couldn't be smaller and overpriced.I have since returned to the Linq and have avoided this place at all costs- don't waste your money!!
3	This place is like a bunch of food stands in a food court style type of place, so you'll be able to find something that someone wants.I came here for dessert, beard papa specifically got a little more. The cream puff from beard papa was $3.00 for the regular and like an extra $0.20-$0.30 for the other kinds, they have a special flavor of filling every day while they keep the original on stock every day. It's not exactly worth it to me. It didn't taste fresh at all, I'd rather go take a trip out to SoCal and get some there instead where it is fresh, outside of the drive there it costs slightly less too. That or I'll just wait until I go back to Japan where it's $1 a piece....=[ sorry but it's not all that's cracked up here, they bring shame to the name beard papa! Also got potted ice cream while we were here, because well why not? It's just vanilla ice cream with crushed oreo cookies on top, a gummy worm, and a mint leaf. For $6 it was pretty expensive because of the size but they need to offset the cost somehow right? I don't know, my experience with just the desserts isn't pushing me to come back. They were OKAY but not great like I was hoping. I'll definitely come back and give the food a try for sure though!
2	This is a food court with asian food & a burger place. The location is great but it was very much a tourist trap. I was happy with my food- tofu, veggies & rice- but at $13 it seemed way overpriced. My husband got a burger, fries & drink for $19- are you kidding me? & his meal was small with soggy fries. We won't  be back.
1	LMFAO!!  You've got to be kidding me!!  This place is a joke!!!  We came in for a fine dining experience, but food were served in freaking paper plates and plastic utensils!?!?  And their average price per dish of dim sum is more than 2x any other "asian fusion" places we've been to.  What a joke.  The whole experience felt like an over-priced picnic.  I feel bad for those who comes in without doing their research first and wanted to try something new...  They are in for a surprise is for sure.  "FAME (Food, Art, Music, Entertainment)"???  More like "Freaking A-holes Molest Everyone" who comes in.
2	Came here around 1pm on a Saturday. Wasn't busy, was seated immediately. The food was okay, the fuku burger was good. The dim sum cart was sparse. The service was less than desirable. We had to order water twice from two different people before we got any. We waited 20 minutes before a waiter came to our table, and they only came after we asked the hostess about it. Not sure if this is a regular experience for people coming here but was kind of bummed by the experience. Concept is good, executor in not so much.The Fuku burger is the only reason why I'm not giving this place 1 star. The burger was good and the staff was great. When my mom told them "you're the best food in here" they replied with "we get that a lot".
1	I came here a Sunday morning for dimsum. I get the Vegas up charge but 50 bucks for  two dishes of hargow, 2 dishes of shu Mai, one sticky rice, and 2 sodas is just stupid. The food was prefrozen, oversteamed and nothing special. Next time, I'll stick to Rowland heights and Alhambra when I'm craving dim sum.
1	We came here on Thanksgiving evening as we celebrated a late Thanksgiving lunch .  I wanted something small and saw this place.  I REALLY wished I yelped this place first.  What we got - steamed pork dumpling, they were out of the juicy pork dumplings (bummer), husband got a noodle soup, we got a din sum from the cart, and a taro drink.  Our bill came out to $50!  FIFTY FRICKEN DOLLARS!  The soup was way too salty, the steamed pork dumplings were nothing to write home about.  For a place to serve food on  paper plates / bowls and styrofoam cups, this was not worth it.  NOT WORTH IT AT ALL.  Most expensive meal on the strip from our whole trip and the worst we ever ate.
2	Waiter screwed up our order twice :(....with the price your paying, the least that the restaurant can do is serve that ramen soup on a real bowl not on a plastic bowl, kind off tacky to think they have to compete with a lot of great food places around...restroom was too far of a walk.... Overall not coming back but will always support Fuku burger...
1	They got a "C" from the health department. My wife and son ate there anyway, they got the shits!FUKU burger is where they ate. I now pronounce it Fuck you burger :( which is very unfortunate given how much I wanted to love it. I will not be giving them a second chance for good reason. The meat is ground and served very rare. Food like this needs to be handled very carefully in the cleanest environment. Too bad boys, you could have had something there.
1	If it weren't for the horrible service, the food might have gotten 2 stars.  There was a hostess podium outside the restaurant where we waited for 5 minutes, then realized no one was going to host us.  So we walked inside and awkwardly waited for someone to seat us. Again, no one, so we had to stop a server who sat us down.  He said he'd be right with us and never came back to serve us.  A different server came by and took our drink orders, interrupting each order so he could shout it to the drink prep behind the bar.  Three of us ordered food.  One order came out 15 minutes before the other two and he was nearly done eating by the time the other 2 orders came out.  His was a main course by the way and the other two were main dishes and an order of steamed dumplings.  You'd think the steam dumplings would come out first, but whatever.  The food was just OK.  I got the ramen which wasn't the best I've ever had, but clearly something you could probably get from Trader Joe's and heat up at home.  At around $14 per main course, this place was NOT worth the money.  Finally, the poorly-mannered server gave us our bill and stood there and waited while I put down the tip.  I only put about 15% by the way because I was so displeased with the service.  He rudely opened the book to look at the tip in front of us and walked away.  Just tacky.  The service sucks and the food is overpriced. Save your money and go eat elsewhere at the Linq.
1	Such a disappointment.   For the prices, I don't want to eat on plastic plates and drink expensive wine out of plastic glasses.    My husband got a steam burn when the dim sum waitress dashed by at top speed.  Our waiter didn't check on us once during dinner. Boo.
1	This place has horrendous customer service. Sat at a table for atleast 15min and no server came to take our order or atleast give us water. I never write a yelp review but this place is so horrible I had to.
1	Price: way, over the top, overpriced. Just not worth it. You're better off spending your money at Yard House where you'll spend $12+ on food that actually could be considered right for the price. It's streetfood that's trying hard to be more fancy but fails at it terribly. Just not worth it for the price they are selling their food for. On top of it, for the price they are charging, they should at least be able to afford actual plates not plastic plates and at least be able to buy some vegetables and some meat for their oh so hungry and super malnourished dishes. The sesame noodles, for around $12, had little sesame, little to nothing vegetables and eggs, and for a few bucks more... they can add little strips of chicken. And then... $7.95 for four shrimp dumplings which you can affordably get somewhere else for as low as $3.00. Same taste. Same size. A lot more cheaper. The star is really just for the workers there who seem nice; some not as attentive, however, like our waiter.
2	Dropped in for lunch as we were terribly hungry and didn't want to wait to eat at HHAGG. Nothing terribly special here, interesting layout with the Fukuburger "food truck" right there inside the building w/the rest of the restaurant. Menu isn't too large and nothing overly exciting on it, not to mention everything is served on disposable plates/bowls/cups. $12 for a vegetable dish is a bit over the top but it's Vegas I guess? At least the special of the day burger was pretty good. Won't be back.
1	Ok first of all, I love fuku burger I used to track them down there food truck across town and car meets because its delicious so obviously I went there for the burger. I ordered the kinoko burger with jazz fries. The burger was good but when I got the jazz fries they gave me just garlic fries with the crack sauce n ketchup no gravy. First if u get it on the food truck jazz fries are like $4 dollars but here its $7 dollar y? So i asked the waiter y no gravy he said he didnt know it comes w gravy and he doesnt know the menu. I was shocked a waiter who didnt know the menu??? Then ordered a taro boba. I love boba so when I got the boba it was good but no boba just taro slush. On a normal place they ask u if you want boba or not. The waiter didnt even ask me at all. I didnt see the waiter all thru my meal he didnt even check on us if we r good. Only person we see is the dim sung lady. So after the meal I asked the dim sung lady for the bill some else gave us the check but ackwardly stand next to me watching me waiting for me to pay then when i did he still stood there watching me as i sign the bill. I never seen a restuarant do that. The concept is good. Its like a asian hipsters hang out in the middle of the strip but the food are over priced and the service is a cluster fuck n terrible. I really wish they fix it cuz i love fuku burger and having a stand alone restuarant for them is great, but the whole experience it just terrible.
3	The pan fried dumplings and a milk tea boba drink were my Christmas dinner. I wish I had chosen more wisely. We came here after wandering the strip because I was cold and starving and just couldn't wait any longer for food. It wasn't bad. It was actually pretty good. It was just way more expensive than it was worth. My meal was $22 which is ridiculous for those two items. I got 6 dumplings. For that, I should have gotten more dumplings or 6 with more exotic ingredients than just pork and vegetables. $13 is appropriate for 6 dumplings if they're made of ostrich or Kobe beef. The three stars are because my boyfriend had an amazing burger...a little more expensive than the food truck ($8) but it was ok because it's something I can't recreate by myself, decent portion size and you can't get it just anywhere. I don't know specifically which one he had, but it was absolutely delicious. 5 stars for fukuburger just by itself. The dumplings weren't bad but they weren't outstanding either. Just average. I encourage you to try the burgers if you're curious about FAME, but I'll never come back for anything else.
1	F.A.M.E. stands for Food, Art, Music, and Entertainment. However, am I missing something here? All I saw was the food. It was somewhat awkward as I was intrigued by the vendor looking booths in the background, but you can't actually order directly from there. It is essentially a sit down restaurant where you can gaze at the food choices. Looking at the menu, the prices are astronomical. In addition, when I received my tonkotsu noodle soup, it came in a tiny plastic bowl. It dawned on me at that point that I am being totally ripped off. Although the noodle soup was decent, the small plastic bowl really turned me off.  With the amount of money that I was spending, they can afford real bowls and utensils. Someone missed "the boat" in developing this concept.
1	Overpriced.It's much more expensive than every Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. And the foods here are awful even as an express restaurant. I even don't want to give the only star because of their one-off tableware but seems like this yelp system don't allow me to do so.
1	Disposable dishes for $18 soup in a sit down restaurant is ridiculous. Water came in styrofoam cups! The noodles aren't even freshly made. The soup tasted like instant microwave noodles for $1
2	Not worth the price. Unusually expensive for the portion sizes they give. On one hand the food is very authentic however everything else is very cheaply done. Paper cups plates and bowls which hardly seems worth it given that the soup costs between $16-$30. I would not recommend coming here unless you won the jackpot at the slots and have money to blow. There are better Asian restaurants on the strip
1	I usually don't give 1 star to restaurants, but when I do, it's cause it's a piece of s#*!. 26 dollars for a medium sized ramen and three pieces of dimsum. That's not even including water cause water is $2.45. Our soup was also served in a plastic bowl. This place is a disgrace! They are just taking advantage of the tourists who visit the Strip and it's just not right. Writing this just infuriates me... Edit: actually we spent $31 for ramen and 3 dimsum. Yup!
1	My wife and I took our daughter here, because we were in the mood for some good Asian food.  That was a big mistake that we will not repeat!   Everything about this place was horrible.  The food tasted pretty bad.  Every item on the menu was overpriced.  Our total was $50 for 2 egg rolls, a small bowl of soup, 4 disgusting pieces of dim sum, and the worst chicken sandwich I have ever tasted.I do not recommend this place to anyone.  They actually served this high priced food on paper plates and bowls with plastic forks.  TERRIBLE.  Don't be fooled by the sign that they stick outside their door that says HAPPY HOUR PRICING either.   That only applies to the beer.I cannot imagine they get much repeat business!!  I can guarantee you we will not go there again!
2	Lets keep this short... I didn't eat here but I observed my friend and his sad sad meal.**1.5 STARS 1.5 STARS** I feel kinda bad for giving this place such a low rating so I'll bump it up to 2 for decent service & interesting decor inside.  It makes the spot look really unique with how they arranged this place & the decor they used.  It is a bit confusing because we all thought this was kind of like a food court concept but you actually get seated & there are servers that wait on you.  (FUKU Burger is a different story---you order upfront & seat yourselves)+SUPER OVERPRICED---probably why it's always so empty inside.+Small tea's are $5.99  & Small slushees are $6.99-- SERIOUSLY?!+Pork shrimp wonton noodle soup was like nearly $18+Noodle soup came out in a SMALL PLASTIC BOWL w/ plastic utensilsMy friend said the noodle soup was okay.  It wasnt terrible but just knowing that his small sad bowl cost nearly $20 made it "less good"Honestly, if this place lowered their prices by ALOT and upgraded their plastic bowls & utentils for decent ones.. I'm sure they would be getting alot more customers.  My friends and I always talk about how we wish there was a decently priced asian spot that serves food like this (soupy noodle dishes) on the strip---perfect for hangovers... ya feel me?!
1	Great location and interior. Food is noting to write home about , and service is poor.They tout the the Chinatown experience but it's about 2x the china town price . Don't go here if you want the Vegas food and service experience because it will disappoint and leave your pocket book empty for not.
1	This place is a joke. Started with fried dumplings that I thought were strait from Costco. Bowl of fried rice with shrimp, noodles with pork and noodles with a few shrimp. That was brought one plastic bowl at a time with long wait time between sightings of the waiter until he brought us the $100.81 check.  So high price for cheap food and bad service in a town that pride them selfs in the ultimate service town. In short this place isn't worth the money, or even the time if this place giving away free food!
2	I saw their huge boba statue outside & wanted to try out their boba. I looked at the price & i became hesistant to buy it: $6.99 for milk tea boba?? Well if it's that expensive then it better top off the other boba places I've tried (Half & Half, Lollicup, Boba Time, etc.).....it was not worth it. Not worth $6 at least. The milk tea wasn't that sweet. The boba was chewy & fresh. But I'm pretty sure you can get a better one at a cheaper boba place. The Interior decor and service were very nice though! But i still can't get over how overpriced their boba drinks are & their dishes.
1	I implore all walks of life to steer clear of the chinese food here. I was in need of greasy food after a previous night of libation and had to get to this spot without enough time to eat elsewhere. Thought you couldnt really do fried rice wrong but they dont give you much. Tastes bland. And tons of watered cabbages in fried rice??? Just put eggs and meat and if need be carrots and peas. And heres the kicker. It cost $18.25!So I thought maybe they use good quality and/or will give a lot. Neither. Wow. Put a panda express in there. Man I'm so pissed how I got screwed. My fault for not having enough time and getting overly enebriated night before.
2	This review is for the FAME food court and not for any individual food place there.  I was going to be at the Polaroid Fotobar for a museum tour and decided to eat at FAME before or after the tour.  I wasn't sure of my schedule.As it turned out, I went for lunch in advance.  My first experience with FAME was having one of their hostesses asking me if I wanted my picture taken in a larhe chair.  I politely declined and went where I needed to go first.I then returned and went in.  She showed me in and gave me the menu for the Chinese food but I was interested in Fukuburger instead.I found the Fukuburger stand.  I was disappointed to learn that Beard Papas and some other places in the court were closed.It was a really disappointing visit with regard to Beard Papas and the other places closed.
