5	Lovely husband & wife business. The husband is humble & enlightening. The complimentary appetizer was cooked to perfection by the wife. The sushi was good, the Korean food was good & the service was 5 star quality! I definitely recommend this restaurant if you're around the henderson area!
5	This is a gem for the Henderson area! Husband and wife run their little restaurant. Customer service is above reproach. Mr. Lee is attentive and very polite. Food is awesome! Its a small menu but what you get tastes great!I try and go once a week just for the ambiance.
5	We've driven past here soooo many times (in Trader Joes parking lot) and have always talked about how we need to try it.  Today was the day!  The restaurant always appears to be not very busy when we drive by so we didn't know what to expect.  I can tell you now that we're kicking ourselves for not trying it sooner.  This place is FABULOUS!!!  From the moment we stepped in the door,  we were tickled by how adorable the husband and wife team were.  This is their pride and joy and they make the experience way awesome with their personal touches like a complementary chicken cream soup to start and some warm digestive aid horchata-ish drink to finish.  Between we ordered bibimbap and a basic California roll to share.  Both were delicious! The owner told us that he doesn't use broken rice and you could actually really tell the difference.  He also surprised us with some fancy shrimps that he wanted us to try.  Overall, this is quality food at a place that really feels like your in someone's home.  So much better than stepping into a local chain and they really take pride in being very clean and having the best fresh ingredients.  Go here,  this place should be packed.
5	First of all, I'd like to state that the hours on this page are wrong. This wonderful little restaurant is actually open from 11 AM-8:00 PM, Sun-Sat.My boyfriend and I just moved to Henderson from San Diego, and we were in search of a good Korean restaurant in the area.  This is definitely the place!Mr. Lee and his wife are both lovely people who really take pride in sharing their fresh, Korean home cooking. Our meal started with a creamy chicken soup, which was delicious. Mr. Lee even offered us seconds.I ordered the mandugook (dumpling soup) and my boyfriend had the kalbi. Both dishes were delicious. Mrs. Lee makes the dumplings for the soup by hand, as opposed to the usual frozen dumplings at other Korean restaurants, and you can really tell the difference.Also of note: the signs outside say "Korean food" and "M Sushi," which is a little confusing. Though there are a few sushi choices on the menu that look delicious (I can't wait to try the kimbap next), it is definitely more of a Korean restaurant. The location is right across the street from Green Valley Library, in the shopping center with Trader Joes.This place really should be packed! We will definitely be frequenting it often now.
5	They're open from 11am until 8pm. I came in because of yelp, with my 15 year old son. I've been trying to get my son to eat Korean food for years with no success but he LOVES this restaurant! He highly recommends the Korean version of crispy pot stickers. Big, meaty...crunchy. My son said these were the best he's ever had, and he's had a lot.I had the Soft Tofu soup/stew. I can see having this when I'm sick. It was so comforting. It came to the table boiling in a special pot. You crack a raw egg into it. You can also put your rice into the soup or eat it separately, or dip a spoon of rice into the broth quickly.  I ordered it med hot but I may order it spicy next time. It was immensely flavorful medium spicy too. The couple that runs this place is so friendly, it is them that makes me want to come back. So polite. So respectful. So graceful, friendly, and accommodating. I even got to practice a little Korean.I asked if we could watch a little Korean TV and they gave me the remote. They also adjusted the blinds behind us so we wouldn't be in the sun. Also, they gave us both a starter of homemade creamy chicken soup. Its just enough to satisfy you as you wait for your order. If its too big it would room your appetite. This tiny bowl was perfect because our main meal made us very full and satisfied.Also, we had many good selections of banchan/kimchi. The husband noticed we liked two in particular and asked if we would like more.We also had a wonderful dessert soup at the end. I think I tasted barley and rice. I think it's called sikhye  Ask to be sure. It was a smooth, chilled, opaque and lightly sweetened drink that we sipped from small bowls. Very refreshing and light. A perfect way to end a meal .We'll be back to explore the menu further. I cannot wait for next week! I think this is where we'll go before shopping at Trader Joes now.
5	Just went today with my sister after reading reviews in yelp and it was worth it. Quaint little hole in the wall place, only ran by an older Korean couple who have great customer service and manners, the food was delicious, all made fresh so be patient after all was said and done I could barely finish the Korean rice tea he offered at the end because I was so full. I will definitely be coming back here.
5	Authentic korean restaurant and food.  I had tofu soup that was as good as anything I ate when living in Korea. The banchan and mandu were excellent!  The service was excellent. It is a do again restaurant.
5	What a completely unexpected surprise!  My colleague and I were looking for a new spot to grab lunch and felt like some Korean. We previously though that Jun's was the only location near the office and grew weary of them since they raised their prices with very little to show for it. I yelped Korean and to my surprise, a new entry showed up i hadn't noticed before.  The place itself is rather unassuming and in-fact, it's hard to tell there's a Korean restaurant there at all - the sign outside still says "M SUSHI". Well, all I can say is we were both thanking the lucky stars we decided to try this place. It felt like having a home cooked meal at my grandparents house. The couple that own this new spot are very hospitable and they take great pride in their cooking.We had an order of the Spicy Pork Bulgogi and Spicy Chicken, and both are excellent choices. The owner and his wife treated us to some complimentary soup, pot stickers and a dessert drink. Everything was delish. Try this out and go local. You won't regret it - I know we'll be back to try out more of their dishes and bringing along some more of our co-workers too.
5	I'm am so glad they are here. The food was delicious,  I had the pork bulgogi. I got a lot for 10 dollars.
5	Great family restaurant run by Ma and Pa. When my friend and I entered, there was nobody there (2 pm). I've done my research on other Yelp reviews and grabbed the menu from the counter. You get to choose wherever you want to sit.  We were welcome by two great seniors who are from Korea. They are so cute! As an appetizer, Mr. Lee gave us a homemade creamy chicken soup. So creamy, healthy, and delicious! Though it was a small portion, I think they were preparing us for the amount of food my friend and I were about to devour. We had the Korean Style Family Roll, Bulgogi plate (8.50), Korean stir-fried noodles ($8.50), and beef bulgogi ($15.50) and Fried Vegatables (price unknown) served with a bowl of rice (make sure you mix it). All were so good; we didn't eat everything because we ordered a lot (well my girl did all of the ordering). By the time we were done, Mr. Lee then gave us a complimentary drink. He says it is to help digestion. Boy was he right because my friend and I were hungry after an hour hehe.While you eat, Mr. Lee would check up on you, make some jokes, get to know you, and just have a great time. He's a great guy who knows how to smile on your face. I've learned that he used to be a chemical engineer and they've been living in the US for 25+ years. He also talks about his wife, which has been a registered nurse for 25 years for both Korea and California; now retired. She knows how to cook healthy, Korean food!Service: 6/5 Food: 5/5 Check this place out! You won't leave dissapointed!
5	Venue is kind of small but the service and the food definitely make up for it. As a Korean-american I have had my share of authentic Korean food. Everything served was pretty spot on. My mom ordered the Kalbi. The meat was delicious and of great quality. Not to mention the price of Kalbi (for the portion given) is usually at least a few more dollars more at other Korean restaurants. Therefore, you really are getting the "bang for your buck".Mr. Lee and his wife were very nice and professional. I will definitely be coming here again!
5	The food is the star in this Mom & Pop restaurant. The husband and wife who run it ,cook and wait tables are fantastic. Even before we ordered they brought us creamy Korean soup to whet our appetites it was awesome.They make you feel at home and are properly fed Korean Style.  The bibimbap my husband and I had was delicious and filling. My daughter had the fish katsu it was wonderful as well. I would definitely recommend visiting this little Jewel, food and the people are both warm and inviting!
5	My oh my!! Ive been eating everywhere but never thought of writing reviews but this place just made me do it!! This place is family owned. The actual owner and his wife serves and cooks the food for you.. Food here is very authentic and they are sooo sooo sooo nice. The owner gave us 3 free dishes plus free desserts to try on top of our orders!! We ordered a GALBI- deliciously marinated and there is plenty of meat in it unlike the other places where its mostly bones. TOFU SOUP WITH SEAFOOD- another lovely dish, the base is not too spicy you can taste the silky tofu and the rich egg you put in it, the seafood is the best choice for this soup. BIBIM BAP- what i like about this dish is the rice is not hard at the bottom, they serve it to you right away and the vegetables in it has a pretty good seasoning. Its best to eat with the spicy sauce that came with it seperately! The free dishes he msde us try was the KOREAN PANCAKE- its good, pretty crispy on the outside and moist inside. It comes with a soysauce but i like dipping it in the spicy sauce that came with the bibimbap! SALMON- very moist!! Well seasoned and the spicy sauce is really good! I finished it in a minute, it was that good!lol JAPCHE-W0W! This place has the most delicious japche ive ever had and ive had a lot!! The noodles and vege and beef is oh sooo good, the seasoning is spot on, this is one of our favorites and will be ordering next time for sure! The dessert he gave us was i believe is called sheike? I dunno he said its a very cold fermented rice! I liked it so much that my son gave me half of his cup! Lol. Over all you should def try this place. Its a hidden gem!
5	We have been out here in vegas for about 8 months now and I am sooooo happy to have found this place! The service and the food is amazing! I loveeee korean food and I have made it my mission to find one in vegas and this by far is definitely the best! (And I've dragged my bf to every single one out here since we moved) The husband and wife that owns it is super sweet and gives you such great service! The food again, is amazing :) I love how they give you free appetizers to try too! This is definitely our go to place and if you love korean food, this is the place to go!
5	Very nice couple. Food was so good. Plenty and good priced for dinner. Highly recommended.
4	The young at heart couple who operates this place is really sweet. The lunch I ordered was delicious! The price was right too! The various "Lunch Boxes" run between $7-9.75. Great value for a quality home cooked meal. Note: The lunch specials are available EVERYDAY 11am-2:30pm Yelped searched Korean BBQ, Henderson and Korean BBQ & Rolls is how I found this place. The reviews were valid and spot on. This gem has been hiding here in plain sight for almost a year now. Same address where M Sushi resides. Same strip mall with Weiss Deli, Trader Joes.If you are expecting trendy fancy schmancy place and quasi celeb chefs, well, you'll be a little bit disappointed. This place is real simple, modestly furnished and run by a humble hardworking Korean couple who cooks up some good comfort food. Ready and eager to please. They remind me of grandpa and gramma who need a little prompting. (ie letting them know you are ready to check out)  So be patient especially if there are a few parties in the house. Got a warm welcome from Mr Lee. Before I even sat down, he said he was bringing out some Cream of Chicken soup that his wife made. Turned around  and off to back of the kitchen he went. So I made myself at home grabbed the two menus from the counter and picked out a table. He came back out with my drink order (No fountain drinks) and after he took my order he shouts out "Ma!" to his wife and passes along my order. This place is as old school home-style family run as you can get. I love it. Cream of Chicken soup came presented piping hot and passes the comfort food taste test with flying colors. Yum yum! My Galbi ribs came out sizzling hot. Literally! Sizzling on a cast iron plate!  http://instagram.com/p/uGuAEuDSAf/Impressive! Mrs. Lee even brought it out to me.The little dishes of  banchan also came with my order.I finished everything and was pretty full. Then Mr Lee brings out some Japche his wife made for me for me to try, then Mrs Lee came out with this dessert drink, then Mr. Lee appears with some Korean pancakes..omg...did I just say I was stuffed? LOLI truly appreciated their hospitality and the delicious food to boot. Definitely more lunch visits to come!
5	I love this place and I'll definitely be bringing my friends here. My boyfriend and I were immediately greeted by the owner. He is very friendly and works hard to make sure that you are having a great time. He even gave us complimentary dishes. His wife cooks the food and it all tastes amazing. She'll even bring out dishes to patrons. Five stars for this establishment!
5	Located next to trader Joes, it's a small restaurant previously called M sushi. The older Korean couple took over the place and haven't yet to fully decorate over the old decors. The place looks a bit clumsy, and not really pleasant looking, but don't let that influence your palette. This place has great food. Their menu is clean. Easy to see, nothing clustering what food you should get. Relatively small menu, but most are the staple of Korean cooking. I grew up eating Korean cuisine in Korea. Nothing I found in this town compares to my mother and my grandmother's Korean food, but this place has it great. The owners are friendly, and according to the owner, it's his wife that does most of the cooking. Ordered a few things with my fiance. Their soft tofu soup has a LOT of tofu compared to other places I've been to, and the taste is phenomenal.
5	Incredible authentic Korean food in a small but warm and inviting restaurant.  No MSG, no sugar, nothing frozen - it is all freshly prepared and when you taste it, it is obvious.  This is a small place and the food comes out slowly, but I guarantee it is worth the wait - prepare to have a leisurely meal, not a fast take-out experience.  Not much on atmosphere, but people who come here know it is all about the food.  The owners are a friendly couple that sincerely care about their customers.  I would recommend the bibimbap, the fried dumplings, and the bulgogi.  The Korean pancakes were superb with great flavoring.  The sauces were full and spicy.  I will definitely come back - the food here reminds me of my Mom's Korean cooking.
5	This food will blow your mind!  The restaurant is small but it's so worth the wait.  We tried basically everything because it was just one great dish after another, we had spicy pork bulgogi, leek pancake, stir fry rice noodles with beef, kimchi fries rice and dumplings...all fabulous!  The owners are the chef and wait staff and are very friendly, they make the visit extra special.
5	Omg this little place is delish! It's a ma and pop shop. The owners are so super nice and the cooking is so yummy. It's a small restaurant but with home style cooking. Definitely a must try if u are in the area!
1	Dirty no service.  Got tired of waiting and left. Only 2 tables in restaurant and one had finshed eating already. Not sure what all the hype is about.
5	Came in for lunch.  Tasty and plentiful.  Very kind family service.  I wish it were busier, they are in the mood to cook!  They keep bringing things out and I'm just stuffed.  I'll be back.
4	This restaurant is a true mom and pop operation that you can tell is a labor of love on the part of owners, Mr. & Mrs. Lee.  I suspect as retired professionals, he an engineer and she a nurse, they are not financially dependent on the success of the restaurant.  She does most of the cooking while he serves and talks.  We decided to share orders of Korean style stir fry noodles and BBQ chicken.  While waiting for our entrees, we were given complimentary cups of a delicious creamy chicken soup.  Next came 4 tiny servings of banchan - kimchee, pickled vegetable, seaweed salad and seasoned mung bean sprouts.  This was followed by a pair of rice balls, a salmon salad plus larger portions of both kimchee and seaweed salad followed by our entrees  Everything was homemade and delicious.  Prior to departing, cups of a refreshing cold rice tea were brought to our table.  Being the recipients of such generosity and graciousness, I felt compelled to offer to help with the dishes or at least to sweep up the floor, but Mr. Lee kindly declined my offer so I substituted a generous gratuity.
5	Quaint. Clean. Delicious! I'm an American who is particular about Korean food.   This is the best Korean in the area. The older gentleman and his wife are charming. I can't wait to be back in the area to enjoy the bulgogi and dumplings again!
5	Incredible experience. Great mom-and-pop shop and the gentleman takes a great deal of time with people. The food is incredible and he is very attentive with his customers. I will happily return. Definitely recommend!
5	It goes to show, good manners from the host and hostess really can make or break a business..and I was definitely satisfied with my experience here! I ate at Mr. and Mrs. Lee's Korean BBQ and Rolls about 5 months ago and still remember the kind hospitality I received from such a small mom and pop restaurant. The name (M Sushi back then) was misleading at first, so I'm glad it's now called "Korean BBQ and Rolls." The food was on par with home-cooked  Korean favorites, such as galbi, soon tofu, and bulgolgi. Everything was flavorful and just the perfect amount of spiciness, especially the soups. The galbi could use a bit more char, but most non-Asians might confuse this for burnt food. The portions are not too big or too small, and prices are competitive with other small businesses in the area. This is a great alternative if you live in the suburbs of Henderson and do not trek out to Spring Mountain.This place is best for take- out as seating is limited and there is not much to look at inside the shop. Love the couple that runs this business though...I can taste the passion and love in their food!
5	Review is a little late. We ate here for lunch last weekend. Great little spot!  First off, if you dine in you get  a complimentary bowl of soup. So delicious!The place is run by husband and wife team. I love it!  Owner has such passion for the food. Everything is made from scratch and so freshly made to order. They made sure we were doing good and had enough food.  He even offered us other items from their menu so we could try and see the quality of his food. It felt like eating at your parent's home. Definitely will be back.!!!
5	Seriously you must go! The best Korean food in Las Vegas! The Japchae is the most tasty item on the menu. I was given it for free to taste. When I told the owner it was so good he gave me another free serving of it! The cream of chicken appetizer was also tasty. If you are in Vegas you must go to try this place. The owner treats you like a friend and makes you leave full, even if you didn't pay for some items, a true home feeling!Now if only they expanded and had all you can eat BBQ. Other than that this place is a Korean food heaven!
5	Re-donk-ulous!  Expect to wait, it's a two man (well, one couple actually) operation.  Husband is the front of the house and is charming. Wife is a brilliant chef. She gets all scientific on home-cooked traditional Korean dishes (seriously, hubby showed me her scientific notebook full of recipe tweaks).  Definitely my new favorite Korean restaurant in town.
5	My girlfriend and I happened to be in the shopping center were this establishment a few weeks ago. My girlfriend saw the sign that said sushi so went inside to get one to go. The gentleman who attended me was very attentive and asked me to sit down which was a first. You usually dont expect them to ask you to sit and chat which i thought was really cool. I ended up getting a Dragon Roll for my girl and she absolutely loved it. The ingredients were fresh starting from the rice to the eel and everything in between. Definitely will be coming back when were in the neighborhood. Recommended to anyone! Cheers!
5	Who doesn't love small family businesses? This is the american dream, right? Be your own boss, do what you love.This is exactly what is going on here. Husband and wife are absolutely adorable and lovable. You walk in and they each great you with huge smiles, he explains every item and the food is authentic. It taste amazing and you truly feel like you are in their home. Nothing beats that. Don't be fooled by the M Sushi sign outside though.
5	This is an awesome place. Greeted and seated immediately. Love the couple that run the place. So nice and they make you feel like you are eating at a friend or family members home instead of a restaurant. First they serve you this creamy chicken soup that is complimentary, then they take your order. I had been here before and ordered the korean meatballs, but I did not see it on the dinner menu but when I asked about it, the gentleman said I could still order it for dinner. We also got he spicy pork, comes out on a sizzling platter and just the right amount of spice. Traditional sides came with it and then the cook comes out with a bowl of chopchae (korean fried noodles), she said complimentary service, it was amazing, not oily how some place make it. All in all, wonderful service and great korean food. Will be back
3	I want to love this place. I love the people, and i like the food, and im so so on the location and decor. Ill break this up into two parts, the good and the bad. So the good is the same that everybody has talked about, as the couple are the sweetest people and genuinely want you to enjoy your food and leave satisfied. I mean how many places bring you samples of food for you to try even after your full from your meal? Not many and that gives me the feel of going home to my grandmother who never wants to stop feeding me. Both husband and wife were very nice, especially my interaction with the husband with my limited Korean we really had a nice conversation.The bad but not totally bad is the location is certainly not setup for date night or anything more that a super casual location/spot. And its just the two that run the place, so the wait for your bill, food, drink etc could take a little bit as its hard to be demanding of such a genuine gentleman trying to keep the front of the house. Last thing that was sort of a negative to me was that when i heard of a mom/pop spot with Korean food i thought traditional comfort food. Maybe some jajangmyeon, galbi jjim, or something other than the standard fair like Kalbi, Bulgogi, and bibimbap offerings. I wouldnt make a special trip, but if your in the area and want a good lunch at a good price and time isnt an issue. Stop on by as im sure you will be pleased like so many others.
5	Awesome hole-in-the-wall kind of place! They serve authentic Korean food, taste so yummy. I was 110% satisfied with the food and service. The owners are so humble and friendly. I would recommend this to anyone who knows and loves Korean!
5	This local mom and pop spot boasts some incredible home-made style meals.  If you are looking for a super sweet, super salty meal, look elsewhere. I routinely have cravings for home-style Korean food, and I am supremely happy to have found this gem tucked into the corner of the Trader Joes center. No MSG, no preservatives, all made to order goodness. Definitely the best soft tofu (soondooboo) in the entire Las Vegas valley. Did I also mention all house-made side dishes (including kimchi) ?! Also house-made Korean dessert drink (shik hae). I have been here once a week, and I couldn't be happier that Las Vegas finally has good, authentic Korean food. A tip: there are literally only two people that own this place.  During busy hours, it takes a while to serve the food, since everything is cooked to order.
5	Finally a restaurant worth driving to and eating at in Henderson! There is seriously nothing good in Henderson, which I usually end up driving to Chinatown, or downtown for good food :( I've been to a handful of Korean restaurants in Las Vegas and in Southern California and I can honestly say this is the BEST place for authentic Korean food. I'm obviously not Korean but the owners, Mr. and Mrs. Lee, are natives and Mr. Lee always proudly talks about his wife's homemade food AND it tastes fantastic so it must be authentic! He is a very hospitable and entertaining server as everyone says. His wife is the one who cooks and makes the most amazing meals, and best of all no MSG or any of that artificial stuff! I ordered their bibimbap, one of my favorite dishes, and she made it perfect. They also served their Korean pancakes, and sikhye which tasted very fresh and delicious as well. I can actually feel good after eating, both my stomach and my wallet haha. I'll definitely be back whenever I want Korean food.
5	What surprises most people when eating Korean cuisine for the first time is the banchan -- the sides of pickled vegetables and other goodies brought to the table to accompany the meal. Its something you didn't expect, and in some respects is like a complimentary appetizer. Korean BBQ & Rolls takes it to the next level. The owners (a delightful husband and wife team) set down two plates with 6 different pickled vegetables. This was, however, preceded by a bowl of creamy chicken soup. After the pickled vegetables came a grilled salmon salad, and finally came pajeon (a thin scallion pancake). And this was all the stuff we didn't pay for (directly). It was all delicious. The salmon was still tender and flaky (a hair overdone, but that's just nitpicking). The kimchi was tart and perfectly seasoned (and homemade!).For the main dishes, I was able to sample the bulgogi, pork katsu (they have a Japanese flare as well, probably to attract more business), the jap chae, the bibimbap, and the kimchi fried rice. You won't be disappointed with any of those, and likely not with anything else on the menu as well. I ordered the kimchi fried rice, and it is a very flavorful, hearty dish. If you're hungry its a good meal. If not, it's two good meals. The bulgogi is some of the best I've ever had.After dinner, we were treated to a cup of sikhye (a sweetened fermented rice drink). Delicious, of course... and complimentary.If you like variety, you'll get to try around 10 different dishes just for ordering a single entree. It'll run you like $12-$15. You'll also get the best service around. Other than ambiance, there is really nothing bad to say about Korean BBQ & Rolls.
5	Quaint little mom and pops Korean restaurant in Henderson. Warm, friendly and genuine service. Reminded me of having dinner at my childhood friend's house growing up. Dol Sot Bibimbap and Mandu were delicious and comforting. Great little spot!
5	Best tasting korean side dishes I've had yet.  Very friendly and welcoming owners.  Will make  sure  to come back next time I'm in Vegas !
5	My girlfriend and I decided to randomly try this place last week as we had some time before a movie. The place was small and empty. The type of place I usually avoid bcs I'm always nervous if a place isn't busy. But we decided to be adventurous and try it anyways. To our absolute delight the food was amazing. The Galbi was tender and utterly delicious. At the suggestion of the owner, we ordered the stone bowl as another entree, which was another unique dish served only in a way a proud Korean could. The owner was very happy to have our business and was proud to tell us about his wife's cooking and the health benefits of spices found in Korean BBQ. We had multiple conversations with him as he dutifully served what his wife created. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone. I rate it five stars for the overall satisfaction we left with, the kind you get when you've just realized you've found a hidden gem.
4	My girlfriend and I dined in last night for an amazing dinner. Pretty small place right next to Trader Joes. It was a sushi place as others have said. Now its a damn good Korean restaurant. You are given complimentary creamy chicken soup upon arrival, which neither I nor my girlfriend thought was very good. The creamy chicken soup tasted of raw flour, but it was free and I cant complain to much. We ordered bibimbop which was pretty good, it comes in a large stone bowl still sizzling. The best thing we ate was probably the pork bulgogi which was also served on a cast iron skillet still sizzling. The pork in the bulgogi was tender and flavorful. The complimentary rice, kimchi, seaweed salad were all very good as well. We ordered deep fried goyoza and i will order steamed next time, good filling, but to crispy. There was also a last minute surprise from are server (possibly the owner as well), he threw in some complimentary beef jap chae, which was amazing. I love the thin glass noodles and pretty much everything about this dish. My girlfriend said it was a bit greasy, but okay for me.
5	I love this place!  The owner is so attentive,  the atmosphere is awesome and the food is delicious!
4	Very small and neat mom-and-pop shop with excellent food.  The restaurant is on the small, I mean very small, side, with only about 10 tables and the personality of a typical whole in the wall sort of place.  The service, as other have mentioned, is somewhat slow as the mom and pop are the only people who seem to work there.  Mom makes the food and pop serves it.  That being said, it is impossible to be upset with the service because the man is so nice and welcoming and he wants you to enjoy all of your food.  The extra dish of food he brings out for you to try, we had the Jap Chae, was so good and the fermented rice drink is also a pleasant  end to the meal.  While this place is listed at a $ I do not think that is totally accurate.  Most menu items are more than $10, though you could technically eat for under $10 per person I think you would still be hungry.  Despite the creamy chicken soup, hot pot Bim Bi Bap that I had as well as the sides, Jap Chae, and fermented rice drink, I was still hungry when I left.  Just not enough foot for me.  I will still be back though for the friendly service and the little free goodies that you get.
5	I read all the reviews on here, which were super positive, and decided to take my parents and girlfriend. The reviews were spot on. The couple that owns this place are really sweet and the wife cooks all the food. Hands down the best Bi Bim Bop I've had anywhere. My dad never tries new things and this was his first attempt at Korean and he loved the bbq pork! Mom had the dumpling soup and it was awesome.  Great flavor. Everything was fresh and make to order. They even brought us two appetizers to sample on to see if we liked them. They, too, were amazing. Not much in the way of decor, but if your desire is to have real authentic Korean food then look no further. You found it here.
1	We were excited to try a new sushi place.  However, we encountered a few problems when we arrived that caused us to leave without ordering.After seating us, the staff ignored us for several minutes, despite the fact that there were only a few guests in the restaurant.  We had to flag down a server to take our drink order.  She refused to give us tap water, stating that she could only serve us bottled water, which she had to charge for.  When it came to ordering food, she refused to honor a coupon we had, claiming that ownership had changed.  Why not do the right thing and honor the coupon anyway to try to make sure guests have a good experience at your new restaurant?Since we received poor service and were nickel and dimed twice right off the bat, we decided to leave rather than order, and went to another sushi place down the block, where we had a much better experience.
5	This was the best customer service I have received in a really long time. The husband and wife owners are the servers and chefs; they were incredibly kind and brought us a sample dish on the house, as well as tea and an appetizer we were not expecting. The atmosphere is really basic, just your typical strip mall divey place, but don't let that fool you. The food is amazing! So many great options were available and everything we tried (6 dishes in all) was just so crazy good. I will definitely be back next time I'm in town.
5	Outstanding food and even better service. Hard to find a restaurant around here or anywhere for that matter where the owners truly care about making their customers happy and not about taking their money. Kept on refilling our appetizer plates no charge and included kimchi rice 'second to none' at no charge because he ran out of pork that evening and felt bad. Loved it
5	good food delious food. and nice boss
5	Back when this place was called M Sushi my wife and I would visit every once in a great while, now that the Lee's have taken ownership and started serving authentic homemade Korean food I think we'll be here every week. Our first visit was fantastic and was an experience unlike any other restaurant I've ever been to. Before they even brought us a menu they were bringing us food. Even after we'd ordered they continued to bring us other foods to try (just to be clear, they only charged us for what we ordered). It's like when someone discovers something great and they tell everybody "you have to try this"! That's how the Lee's are about their own cooking. The food is fantastic and the Lee's are amazing hosts. They are so kind and so genuine and serve such good food! I highly recommend the Korean Pancakes, the kimchi fried rice and the pork bulgogi (a big sizzling plate of seasoned bbq pork that was just amazing)!UPDATE: We've been back here many times now and have tried numerous dishes, none of which have disappointed. The Korean Stir Fried Noodles are great, the pan fried white fish is great, even the steamed rice is great! How do they make steamed white rice taste better than any other white rice I've ever had?!?We went in for lunch a few days after New Years and after we had finished eating Mr. Lee came out with another meal in a to-go box for us to bring home to my wife's mother. They know us by name and they even know my mother-in-law well enough to think of her when she's not with us. Where else can you get that kind of service? Don't go there when you are in a rush, it won't be the same. Go there when you have time to truly enjoy your meal along with a healthy dose of true, old-fashioned, authentic hospitality and camaraderie.
