4	Ordered mushroom swiss burger, protein style (no bun) with a side of fries and a soda.  fries were a huge portion, they had different dipping sauces.  burger was great although a bit too pink for what I typically eat.  noone asked me how I liked it cooked so this must be their style of doing it. one tip:  the burger was extremely salty.  it wasn't the cheese, onions, or mushrooms so it had to be the burger.  we would come back again if the salt factor was modified.
5	OMG...This place is  awesome!  Don't miss out on this hidden gem. Hot comfort food and could beer.
3	More of a 3.5 stars, but let's talk some quick tips:1. The pricing for the burgers do not include fries and a drink. However, you can upgrade any meal for an additional $3.99.2. At the time of writing this review, they had a deal for $10.00 for a draft beer and their most basic burger.3. There are MANY different types of ketchup (hence the name!). We tried every single type and we found that we really liked the Garlic ketchup.4. The drinks that are served here used the new aged drink machines that offer many different choices!5. The patties cannot be cooked to medium rare!This place is located very close to the parking lot near the back of Planet Hollywood. I had no idea how very new this place was. A few of my friends and I were walking down and through the Miracle Mile shops and saw this place and decided to give it a try.My girlfriend and I tried the Western Burger. It was basically a burger with bacon, cheese, and barbecue sauce. For the burger, we felt that the meat didn't seem to be seasoned enough. In fact, the barbecue sauce seemed to be very overpowering. The bacon was standard bacon that you could probably find in most restaurant burgers.We also ordered the combo fries meal. The fries were pretty standard stuff, nothing really extraordinary. Just normal fries. The portion were good for sharing with another person. I think the star though is their different types of ketchup. We tried garlic ketchup, sriracha ketchup, hickory ketchup and, balsamic ketchup. They also offered Ranch as well as Fries sauce. By far, our favorite was the garlic ketchup. The rest of the different ketchups seem to not really vary in taste. What I mean is that the ketchup doesn't seem to add or subtract from the extra ingredient--sriracha ketchup tastes like sriracha, but a tiny bit sweeter.The best part of the combo was the drink selection. They have the new coke machines with the multiple combinations. I tried peach flavored sprite! As for service, you order at the counter and then they bring you your food, not really much but they were pretty friendly.All in all, the only problem I have with this place is that it seems pretty forgettable. When you have one of the best sandwich spots in Vegas just a few short minutes away (Earl's Sandwich), then you got to make your food really memorable. Still it is relatively cheap when compared to other Vegas options, and the lines are not out the door.Still, I hope you try this new business out and let them know what you think!
1	Hamburger dry overcooked and expensive. Employees not working. No receipt. Bartender competing with restaurant to get kitchen orders but even with no customers my wife had to borrow dish towel to clean our table. Bartender said she doesn't clean tables. Manager busy interviewing girls. Not good
4	As a local, I feel this place is a little pricey but that's the Strip for you.. It's to make a dollar off the tourists. BUT, the Veggie Burger was very good. I loved the Sweet Potato fries, and I never thought to try Sriracha ketchup- that was Amazeballs. I wouldn't PLAN to go here... But if I were around the area, I would definitely eat here again.
3	I've decided that to make my observations more full I need to look from both pros and cons Pros:-food is decent and the price isn't too bad-offers more than just a burger, they also offer chilli cheese fries -corner lot and very comfortable atmosphere-numerous TVs and simple menuCons:I'm huge on service. It's a make or break for me. This is where the the restaurant quickly lost two stars. The person who took my order wasn't very helpful, she didn't even smile, she seemed impatient, and she even said " you should have ordered at the bar, but I'll help you." Being that myself, amongst many only vacationers who probably visit this restaurant ONCE to determine whether it's worth while or not, wouldn't know that so why not just help us and at least pretend you are there to help serve the customer. -the bartender was very unaware of her surroundings. She looked at my tag that I needed a beer, said she'll be right with me, helped 2 customers, made only one of my two beers that were already paid for, and helped the next customer. It wasn't until 2 customers later that I said, "sorry I need two...." I shouldn't have to remind someone nor feel like it's up to me to make sure they do their job.... -food: the food was decent, they forgot my jalepenos on my chilli fries. The only positive to this was one of the ladies, blonde, who helped me, was extremely friendly and went out of her way to help me. Had it not been for her THIS WOULD HAVE BEEN A TWO STAR RATING.
3	This is probably a 3.5 star review due to the service, but I can't bump it all the way to 4.  We had just been at the Elite Event at Koi and were still hungry, so we decided to split a burger and some fries to finish the evening.  We split the Big Bleu, a burger with bacon, bleu cheese, and caramelized onions.  The bun was soft, but the patty was very overcooked.  No pink at all.  I pointed this out, noting that it was overcooked but it was fine, we'd eat it.  The bartender got us another burger without us asking for it.  She just had the kitchen wrap it up to take it home with us, which we appreciated.  We also split the poutine, the rich French fry dish topped with brown gravy and cheese curds.  The gravy was solid in taste, but a little thin.  Had some issues adhering to the fries.  Also, I could have used more cheese curds.  In other versions of this dish there is a lot more cheese.  That being said, the salty fries went great with the brown gravy and cheese.  I'd get this again.Of the flavored ketchups, my favorites were the hickory and the balsamic.  You could bottle that balsamic and I'd gladly pay for it.  These were interesting additions, and frankly, it's something I'm surprised more places haven't tried.  Maybe I'm just going to the wrong places...We sat at the bar, and the service was great.  Very friendly bartender and decent beer selection.  I think if they work out the cooking issues with the meat, this place can do well and is a solid addition to the mall at Planet Hollywood.
5	I work in the mall and I usually come here after I close for a beer. The two times I've came here Cheryl is our bartender. She's definitely upbeat and funny. If you check in on yelp you get a free spiked smoothie shot which was delicious! Besides drinks being good, so is their food. I tried the Wakey Wakey burger and what sold me was the egg ad sweet potatoe fries on it.
1	The space is quite large considering I've never seen too many people at once in any venue within their shopping mall. There is a bar at the outside corner with about 8 stools inside and a counter facing out for take away beverages, plus a number of 2- and 4-top tables throughout and another high top long table with 10 seats. Ordering is a bit confusing; there were a few iPads at the front on a stand in a self-ordering section, but they weren't working the day of my visit so I was guided to one of the registers alongside them. The drink station is way in the back corner of the restaurant next to a large rack of their unlabeled generic hamburger buns and cases of beer. The menu features quite a selection of pre-designed burgers, dogs, virgin and spiked shakes as well as several types of fries. Also, for a place with the word 'ketchup' in its name, you'd expect a larger selection than the four that I was able to choose from, with one being generic ketchup flavor.Trying to keep my burger fairly simple to sample what they're capable of, I went with the mushroom Swiss burger: Angus beef patty, grilled mushrooms, caramelized onions, Swiss cheese and mayo. Upon first bite I was able to identify a completely generic beef patty; it was cooked ok but tasted like something you'd get at a ballpark and not what you'd expect for a 'premium' burger bar. The onions completely overpowered most of the flavors, and were a bit undercooked for my taste. The bun looked overdone, but was actually fresh and pretty good considering its generic presence. The half-melted cheese didn't have a great presence, and the mushrooms were probably less noticeable than the mayo. Overall there was nothing good about this burger.The fries were of the slightly thick cut, definitely generic frozen variety. They were seasoned with your typical fry seasoning and totally undercooked. Also the oil flavor was possibly a little foul even considering this was fairly early in the day. Not only was the burger and fries not great, but this meal with a drink came to a whopping $16.19! I don't remember being told what my total was at the time of ordering, and wasn't even given a receipt after my purchase. I usually come at these meals ready to spend whatever it takes to do my review, but when I logged into my account later to see the amount I was shocked based on what I was given. Evaluating this meal on that price is bad enough, but when you consider that BurGR is just down the hall in the casino, I could not recommend that you buy a burger here.
5	Just had lunch at Ketchup. Cheryl was our waitress / bartender. She was very nice and funny. Food was good and affordable drinks. They have many types of flavored ketchup! I liked the balsamic ketchup, cock sauce ketchup and the hickory ketchup. ;) veggie burger was awesome.
4	I really like the bar area, and the bartender was really cool. All of the ketchups were really good. Good fries, good burger. Cool cool place. Prices are really not bad given its location. Wouldn't mind going to the miracle mile shops again for this place alone.
3	Went here for dinner after flying into Vegas and had the Western burger with chicken. Burger was covered in grease, but still delicious and the hickory ketchup was amazing.The food +beer was a little on the pricey side, but it's Vegas and I'm expecting everything to be on the pricey side. Bartender was awesome, kept up a good flow of conversation and even slid over some free shots of fireball infused smoothies.
5	I ordered the "wakey wakey" burger and I can say that I was blown away with the quality. The patty was bigger than expected all the flavors came together perfectly. The ketchup had to be great of course considering the name of the place. The sriracha ketchup was my favorite but there are tons of creative blends to choose from. Burger bar is easy to find just inside the entrance to the the miracle mile shops from the parking garage. This is a must stop if you like premium burgers at a great price and a good environment. The bar is great and the employees are exceptional.
4	Probably 3 1/2 stars, but I'm gonna round up for the three dollar 25oz Rolling Rocks. I've been here twice for some late night eats. Yes, I was less than sober each time, so maybe only drunk people should read my opinion of this place. First time, I don't remember which burger I got, but it was good. After all, it's a burger. Even the ones that come in a paper bag that someone hands you through a hole in the side of a building are usually pretty good. On my burger scale, I'd probably rate it at the same level as like... Fatburger, only with more topping options and a bunch of different ketchup flavors.The poutine fries were pretty good. When you're drunk, fries covered with gravy and cheese curds sounds awesome. Wasn't a huge let down, but ya know, it's a Canadian dish, and much like Canada, it sounds better than it is.Second time, I got a crunch dog. I liked that too. It was like a Costco polish sausage with some Funyuns, bacon, and ketchup on it. That's not an insult. I like Costco hot dogs, but Costco hot dogs are a buck fifty and that includes a soda with a free refill. My crunch dog was about ten bucks I think. Maybe next time I go to Costco, I'll bring one home and make my own crunch dog.I went to that other Cheeseburger place in the miracle mile a few years ago. That place sucked. If you're at Planet Hollywood and want a burger, go to Ketchup if you don't want to wait in the Gordon Ramsay line.
4	Had lunch at Ketchup today with friends visiting from Seattle. Anyone who knows me knows I love a good burger, and this place didn't let me down. I ordered their special, their basic burger (aka the Ketchup Burger) with a Brooklyn Beer for 11.99. The burger was 100% Angus Beef, and 100% delicious. The beer was a tasty brown ale that went perfectly with the burger and fries.For just a bit more than you would spend at Fatburger and about as much as you might spend at Red Robin, you can get a true gourmet burger. Worth checking out. (Planning to try one of their shakes next time.)
5	Nice assortment of flavors definitely get the sirracha (don't know if I spelled that right) Cheryl the bartender says so! ordered a Stella and a burger, came out fast added bacon was well cooked meat was very juicy tasted very fresh. Price was just for the food.
3	Apparently this is supposed to be a Dubai's attack on Vegas. To find out which oasis in the desert is better? Probably not...Ketchup is a unique mix of a fast food like burger joint and a bar. Casual, on the cheap and accessible. And be warned, their burgers are BIG!We had Ketchup classic with caramelized onion, and Vegas dog. Not bad, but not great either. Fries were unimpressive. Perfectly fits my definition of 3 stars.
4	This was our best meal in Vegas and the cheapest. Sweet potatoe fries were amazing and we loved all the different ketchups to try. The hamburgers were huge and amazing. We will be going back.
2	We went to planet Hollywood for BurGR, but the wait was too long so we ended up here. Upon entering I already had a bad feeling..seriously why did I eat here?! Looked at the menu and automatically thought it was boring. Ended up with a wakey wakey and a chocolate pretzel shake. Got the burger but my shake was no where to be seen. Not to mention they wouldn't let my friend swap her soda for a shake even tho she had the money to pay the difference. I mean what is that about? Anyways I told the waitress about the missing shake and she looked lost. When she finally brought it she still didn't know where to put it. Thennn she tried to give us someone else's milkshake! Come on girl! Put those damn boobs away and pick up a book! Now onto the food..my burger didn't have a lot of flavor except for the ham. Hell I couldn't even taste the actual burger patty. I also forgot that there was an egg because it had no flavor. That to me is just odd.. As for the shake all I could taste was the pretzel. This place lacks in customer service and flavor!
3	Thought I try it out and it was but not great just average.  A little high in price for what it was. Service very good but I will pass next time.
3	I came here and had the veggie burger with a side of sweet potato fries. I wish the food had wow'ed me more, it wasn't bad by any means, but if I am paying $18 for a burger and some fries I want a little more pizzazz. That being said, it is in a casino/hotel, so I shouldn't have been surprised. The staff was young and not necessarily focused on hospitality. I have a feeling if I had needed something beyond the norm it would not have met my standards. I probably wouldn't come back just based on the price and value comparison- but I don't regret the meal.
4	Conveniently located right by the self parking of miracle mile. Enticing menu of unique spiked milkshakes.  I grabbed a quick Angry Orchard. I noticed the different flavored ketchup... Siracha, balsamic.... Hence the name!  Very cool. JENNIFER was bar-tending and she is AWESOME!  She put up with the drunk goofballs pretty well.  Very nice and she made us some delicious fruit loop shots!  Loopy Three Olives Vodka and ice cream. Wow! I've got to come back for the fireball milkshake.
4	The BUNS! i think that was the best part of the burger. Super soft chewy buns ! Had the mushroom swiss burger and the western one (had onion rings and bacon in it). And the sauce selection was bomb digs! They even have the nifty coke machine with a bajillion flavors. I would totally go back!
1	Price of a Veggie Burger at Ketchup $12Price of an Earth Burger at GR Burgr $14Taste of Veggie Burger at Ketchup:No taste, lacked flavor despite I ordered it with mushrooms and very soggy. Taste of Earth Burger at GR Burgr:Amazeballs!In other words, pay the extra $2 at Burgr for a burger that tastes far more better than a tasteless, soggy burger at Ketchup.
3	Pretty decent place to grab a burger and  convenient to the shops at the miracle mile and the V theater. Ketchup bar was cool, try the balsamic and sriracha.  The Hun was a bit more than I wanted so I picked it in half but all around cooked to order a yummy burger. Try the blue burger and their grown up milkshakes!
2	F.A.S.T. Review:Food: I really wanted to try one of their burgers, especially one with an egg, but by the time we dropped by I was too full from a previous meal and just wanted to try the poutine. I was super excited because I don't know many places that serve poutine (although now it's becoming a popular dish). When we finally received our order (see SERVICE) I was sadly disappointed. The gravy was lukewarm and didn't have much flavor to it. There was also barely any cheese curds so the whole dish was pretty bland to me. I had to dip the fries in ketchup which really defeats the purpose of poutine. Ambiance: Cute concept, down to the Heinz ketchup garbage cans. Diner like restaurant where you order at the counter before sitting down. Service: We were greeted right away and we ordered before a huge line formed behind us. After ordering we killed time by stocking up on the different ketchups and I even looked through the options at the soda machine. 45 minutes later I was wondering what happened to our order. We ordered one item and although the kitchen was pretty backed up, it wasn't like they were cooking a burger or anything. Frustrated, we went back to the counter after we noticed that everyone else had already received their order. Apparently, they had lost our ticket. Big no no. Tips: Overall it seemed just like your average burger place on the strip. Nothing really memorable except for the different types of ketchup.
5	Why bother with anywhere else. I've been craving a burger for a week now and finally stopped in here on my way out to the parking lot. This is the best burger I've had in ages. I think it was the hot mess (jalapeno, pepper jack, avocado, chili). A little pricey for a burger, and SOOOOOO worth it.  Plus...wifi that actually works so I can. Sit at the bar.
4	I got a turkey burger and strawberry shortcake alcoholic milkshake, my boyfriend got a burger and fruit loops milkshake. My burger was okay, turkey burgers are usually hit or miss, but she let me make a few substitutions which was nice. My boyfriend loved his burger. However, after getting our burgers we wondered where our drinks were. The cashier didn't tell us that after ordering and paying we had to go to the bar and ask the bartender to make our drinks.Speaking of the drinks, they were delicious! His shake tasted just like fruit loops but I have to say that my strawberry shortcake shake was even better. I would recommend that two people split a shake though if you're both getting a burger (or sharing a burger if you're both getting a shake?), the combination left me so full.
5	This place is awesome. Their drinks are cheap and bartenders awesome. Lupita was my bartender and she took care of me and my friends and have some good recommendations on drink specials.Food was good. I was surprised how much food for the price. Would definitely go again. I got the BBQ burger and fried foods platter. It was very good.
2	My friends and I stayed at the Elara. It was right next to Planet Hollywood and we decided to come out for dinner. The location had plenty of seating and it wasn't busy at all. I ordered the Big Bleu burger and the Poutine fries. The Poutine fries had gravy and cheese. It was enjoyable, but the fries could have been better. I feel like their unique sauces like the Sriracha ketchup helped to liven things up. Otherwise, the fries themselves were mediocre. The burger itself had a tasty bun and it was cooked to medium well. It was a bit overcooked in my opinion. And I usually enjoy medium rare, but it was still a good bite if you're hung over in Vegas and looking for somewhere you don't have to wait.
5	Kimberly is amazing, full of energy and this the spot to get your Vegas burger! I am so excited about this atmosphere!!!
2	Portion sizes are good, but it's really overpriced for mediocre food. Burger was overcooked. Fries are frozen, poutine was too salty, and onion rings are okay (nothing spectacular). They have a few sauces like sriracha ketchup, hickory ketchup, "fry sauce" (sort of like a chipotle mayo), and regular ketchup to make the meal a bit more enjoyable. It's good if you're hungover, staying in Planet Hollywood, and don't want to walk anywhere else in Vegas.
3	they have different ketchups to dip fries with however our fries were over cooked. wakey wakey burger was good as it was kinda like breakfast in burger form. 3.5/5sloppy mess was meh as it wasn't anything special. 2.5/5I would not go out of may to come here but if you are starving and in need of a quick bite with out paying an arm and a leg this may be an option of you.
1	How is it their own website says they close at 2 am and I walk in 1230am they say they are closed.  They gave poor customer service. If yo going to state your open and closing times make sure they are not off by 2 hrs. Its vegas people eat late not early.
1	Blah from start to finish, except the soda fountain.  The hostess and bartender had no personality. The burger buns were greasy and mushy.  Never asked how we wanted meat cooked.  Fries soggy, onion rings so so.  Ketchup sauces, nothing so special at all. Best part, soda bar, choose coke or diet coke and get perhaps 8 options of each with different flavors. Won't be back. Bobby Flay's Burger Place down the street is so much better.
5	Always passed by this place & didn't realizehow amazing it actually is, thanks to T our bartender; who I might add was very helpful & social with us. I do plan on coming back here seeing as they have a great happy hour  as well fast & polite service which I can appreciate! I do recommend ketchup to those are either visiting & or are locals because of it's location on the strip/close to the garage who is convenient to myself & friends
2	NOT GOOD AT ALL!!  The service sucked and so did the food. Came with a groupon.  After ordering a mushroom swiss burger with a turkey patty combo, my check came to 17.and change.  I was told I HAD to spend 20.00.  Really?  If I want to lose the 3.00, that's my prerogative.  Apparently it wasn't.  I said " give me a slice of bacon, then I still had to add something else.  I added mushrooms and they weren't even on the burger. The burger came out without the mayo and smeared with ketchup all over the bun.  The bun was stale and very bready.  The onion rings were cold and tasted like they were cooked in oil that had previously cooked fish. There was no water in the fountain drink machine and I was told to ask the bartender.  I did and she told me to get my own water from the sink next to the fountain machine.  My partner's fries were limp and cold too.  Horrid.  Skip this.
4	What really caught my eye were the different kinds of ketchup they had!! Sriracha, balsamic, hickory...super unique!I seriously think this place is underrated because their burgers were amazing! I had the Wakey wakey which i loved esp because there was an egg, bacon, and sweet potato fries in it.Their burgers are HUGE so watch out! Oh and they have groupon deals, i got twenty dollars worth of food for ten bucks!
3	Ketchup Premium Burger Bar is located inside the Miracle Mile Shops and immediately accessible when arriving through the entrance from the parking garage. I bought a Groupon and ended up paying about $16 total for two people, so kuddos to the Ketchup Bar for letting me and the hubby enjoy an affordable dinner on the Strip. The Ketchup Premium Burger Bar is a casual burger fast food restaurant/sports bar. You walk right up to the front counter and place your order, then are handed a number and seat yourself. The food took longer than expected, but we amused ourselves in the meantime by watching highlights of the recent Heats game. When the food arrived, we were all disappointed to learn that our burgers did not come with cheese. I ordered the Veggie Burger ($11.99) and my husband ordered the Ketchup Burger (8.99). For those prices, I think we were justified in assuming the burgers would come with cheese. I really liked my burger- it was crisp on the outside and appeared to be made of a medley of veggies, a refreshing change from the usual black bean or Boca burgers. My husband and the other couple we were with, however, were not impressed with their burgers. They complained that it lacked flavor and was dry. Everyone agreed that the fries were awesome, though. The interesting ketchup flavors, like siracha and balsamic, made the fries even better. The customer service is minimal but agreeable. The only interaction you really have with employees is the cashier who takes your order. The cashier was super friendly. She waited patiently while I struggled to pull up my Groupon on my phone. When I told her the Internet service was being horrendously slow, she gave me the WiFi password and instantly fixed the problem.  I would come back for a veggie burger, but my favorable opinion of the Ketchup Bar was overruled by the 3 other people I was with. Unless you have the Groupon deal, the steep prices are hard to justify. The pricey burgers do not come with fries or a drink, but to be fair everything is overpriced on the Strip.
1	Went here on 6-4-14 around 12 noon. The burgers had no flavor, the fries were covered in tons of salt, and the onion rings were so gummy and the batter wasn't good at all! The one girl at the register was wiping down tables and counters when she could with the same rag she was using to wipe down the little trays the burgers were placed in. All they do is put a new wax paper liner between them! Not to mention the price was kinda expensive for burgers. At least the Buns were great whatever bakery they use for those knows how to cook.
4	We ate here because we were STARVING..and honestly we only wanted to get a glance at Sausage from Ink Master at club tattoo across the way. Lol. I got the classic. Not the best burger I've ever had, but my friend got the bleu cheese burger which was amazeballlllls. I wish I would've gotten that instead. All the different ketchups were yummy and fun. I ended up mixing the Fancy Sauce (my Stepbrothers reference) with the sriracha ketchup. The smokey one was really good too. Oh and for the love, SPLIT a burger with someone. Make it a basket and you've got a meal for 2. And we never saw Sausage.
2	Surfing Groupon I found a deal for $10 for $20. I live in Vegas, have seen this hamburger place but have never tried it so my husband and I decided to give it a shot. The place is very nice and clean, more of a "fast food" type restaurant than sit down and and be waited on restaurant. There aren't any prices on their website so I was a bit surprised when I got there and it was $11.99 for a hamburger and an extra $4.99 for fries and a drink. Seems pretty standard for a burger place on the strip BUT most are worth the money.The guy who took our order was very nice, gave us smaller menus to look at. Took our order and we paid. Had no problems using the Groupon. Now the Groupon said something to the extent of don't forget to tip at the FULL price, not the discounted price so we ended up paying $23 for 2 burgers, 2 fries and 2 drinks.The thing that really annoyed me was they asked for a tip and then right after told us where the SELF SERVING STATION was. So I just gave someone a generous tip to basically take our order and bring it to us. We got our own drinks, own condiments, found our own seat, etc. I like to tip generously for SERVICE and this wasn't a service. I felt that was a little arrogant.Onto the food. Meh is all I have to say. The fries were awesome, hot and crunchy. The burger was meh. Flavorless, dry and nothing special. I had the western burger which had very little sauce and my husband had the hot mess which he said was also flavorless and dry.All and all, I probably wouldn't go back unless there was another Groupon and someone in town visiting really wanted to try it.The music was also VERY loud and it was hard to carry on a conversation with my husband.
1	BAD SERVICE. I was standing in the mall walkway which is close to their bar trying to decide if my family and I should eat there (total of 10 adults and 3 kids (picky eaters)). While I was waiting for my Uncle to come back from the parking garage I was watching their tv screens they had at the bar when this lady with red hair asked me if I wanted to order anything to drink or eat, I told her no, not right now because I am just waiting. She said "I am going to have to ask you to sit on the bench" she said I couldn't watch their TVs if I wasn't going to order. (The bench was in the middle of the walkway). As soon as my Uncle came back, we took our business elsewhere. There are so many other restaurants,  why waste time and money on one with rude staff.
2	Nothing special. Overpriced hot dogs and hamburgers. I ended up paying 15 bucks for two hot dog combo meals and I had a 20 dollar Groupon.
1	Used a groupon and first time there. Starts with bartender welcoming us then because we said we wanted to sit at a table she got a crabby.  With a rude tone said we will have to come to her if we want any drinks. We didn't but might of if we didn't get that attitude. Then go to use groupon at the counter and the amount over was less than 15 so she wouldn't let me use card. Finally got our food and it was ok but nothing special. Was for sure not worth the 35 it would have cost for chicken strips, union rings, a hotdog, shake and drink.Place looked nice but they don't run it very well.
2	Ketchup wasn't a great burger joint. Located in the Miracle Mile mall at the PH.The place don't have any waitress so you have to order at the counter. The western burger was very bland barley had any bbq sauce in it. My wife crunchy Dog was the opposite it was very salty . There chili cheese fries was ok but way to much beans in the chili .The only thing good was the service. Maybe cause we sat at the bar. Other then that there's way better food in this mall.
1	Went there today, 6/28/14.Service was disappointing for numerous reasons. The girls who take your order not welcoming (it's your job whether you like it or not the least you could do is welcome your customers with a smile), they delivered the wrong order to our table three times, saw at least three of the servers do this to other tables as well (know what your customers order especially when there is only a handful), this blond server had the worst attitude tossed our fried pickles and rolled her eyes when I stated, "No, I ordered the ketchup classic" I gave her no attitude not sure why she felt it necessary to roll her eyes and walk away instead of apologizing.The attire worn by the servers was unacceptable. I would not allow it in my establishment. The server had on shorts that looked like old worn out pajama shorts that clearly showed she had nothing under. Hooters should be their attire standard just so they have some sort of guideline. Those girls tend to have the appropriate coverage and much neater shorts.  Enough about experience...Food was bland. Buns, patty and fried pickles nothing special and not worth the $, although the ketchup was tasty I will not be returning. Fried pickles way better than the burger I'd give them a 6/10 still not enough to bring me back. Food looks great but the taste was overall disappointing. Asked my friend who I was there with what she thought... She also was displeased.
5	We were in Vegas for a week and we stayed at the Elara hotel which leads right into Miracle Mile. We'd frequently come back late at night and find this place open so it became our go-to spot for our late night meal. The burgers are delicious and the french fries are perfect. The best part is the owner is as nice as can be. He appreciated us constantly coming back and treated us to free drinks at the bar. Make sure you check this place out!
4	Went on a Saturday morning at 11. Place was empty but the servers were friendly.  Used an Amazon Local voucher. Good food. The onion rings were really good!
1	The only thing premium about this place is the price they charge for their food.  I opted to go here to use a Groupon and because its location in the Miracle Mile Shops makes it an easy walk from the garage elevators to the restaurant for my wife.I ordered two burgers--a mushroom and Swiss and a Western.  The mushroom and Swiss was supposed to be medium and the Western was to be rare.  With them, I ordered the soda/fries combo.  All that for a mere $36 including the $20 Groupon.I went to the self serve area and got three flavors of ketchup.  I tried the balsamic ketchup, the maple bacon ketchup, and the fry sauce.  I also got our two iced teas and napkins.The orders were brought and the mushroom Swiss was correct by burger was the wrong one so she took it back and eventually brought out a Western.  That's when my disappointment set it.  The burgers were larger and flatter than a hockey puck, but they were really lacking much flavor from the toppings.  They were also very, very dry.  I am a person who very rarely uses ketchup. I think it's a bastard food item meant to hide the taste of things on which it's spread.   When I put some on a burger, you know it's awfully dry and it needs something to make it taste better.  No luck.  It wasn't so dry, but the taste, oh it never was there.  The bacon on my Western was odd.  It was very tough although it had been cooked throughly.There were a few things that made the experience tolerable.  I liked the women in their short shorts.  They looked quite fine.  The free wifi (well, I guess with the prices you should never refer to it as free wifi) worked well and was zippy.  Ask someone who works there for the password.  The wait for the burger was not long.  How did they overcook the meat that quickly to the point of desert dryness?  It's a puzzlement!  One more thing, the fries were good.I realize I now have two rules for buying Groupons.  Rule #1:  Always check the Yelp reviews before buying.  Rule #2:  Don't forget Rule #1.  I guess I got to Rule #2 and didn't follow Rule #2.  Fool me once!There are so many good burger places along the Strip, don't waste your time and money here.  It simply is not worth it.
3	Famous pros and cons bullets! No babbling chatter!Pros Ok burgers if you like themConvenient location right next to parking entrance7 kinds of ketchup!ConsExpensive for burgers - 10+ bucks and no fries???Fries separate 5 bucks?Im easy to please but service was unpleasant at best. Waitress never came by and girl at the register looked angry at life.Burgers regular size nothing special not worth more than 7 bucks alone. Place decorated like cheap cafeteria. In sum ok food but not worth the money.
4	If you want something quick and easy.. Definitely check it out!!! Great burgers, with huge portions! We ate here twice on our visit, and had a great experience both times!!!
1	Went to Ketchup for the first time and honestly I was not impressed. For the quality of the burgers this place is way over priced. Any burger place that I have ever been to where they don't ask me how I want I my burger cooked, ie med, med-well, well done. How can you consider this place PREMIUM burgers? Also the fries are a separate side they do not come as a combo and they don't tell you this until it's time to pay. They have a secret ketchup sauce, it's not too hard to figure out, 60% mayo and 40% ketchup we make that all the time at home.
2	Why oh why would one eat here when there are so many other amazing burger and hit dog places around The Strip? Oh yeah, we had a Groupon.We skipped the burgers and got a chili cheese hot dog (with bacon added), poutine fries, and regular fries (so we could try all the different ketchups). The hot dog was alright. Nothing near as good as say Pink's (which is also located in Planet Hollywood). It was big and thick and loaded with all the toppings. The chili was meh. The poutine fries were edible, but far from even qualifying as good. The regular fries were just frankly icky. The variety of ketchups was great and the maple bacon ketchup and hickory ketchup were standouts.It's located in the Miracle Mile Shops. If you park in the shops parking garage, this is one of the first places you will see when you enter the shops.You order at the counter, receive a number, and then take a seat of your choosing.There's also a small bar area if you want to get an over-priced beer ($7 for a Stella).The counter staffer was incredibly less than pleasant. She looked like she had just rolled out of bed and would rather be anywhere but there. We arrived just before the dinner time rush. And with just one staffer to place and bring out orders, we could see our order sitting in the window for way too long. We finally went and got it ourselves. Not cool.And then a woman who I presume was a manager came out and started helping deliver the orders by yelling out the numbers instead of finding them. Not disruptive at all.And the music was definitely way too loud.And the food is definitely way over-priced for what you get.So nope, we won't be dining here again.
1	Really high priced burgers for low end burgers and you have to pay 5 more for a combo it's not the cheapest eat in Vegas just the cheapest eat in planet Hollywood mall with horrible staff and serve yourself to tip them for nothing at the counter. Staff is not even happy at work and terribly rude when she was the one who messed up the order. Please just eat at chipotle when it opens at least you're guaranteed a certain quality of food. Worst 15 burger combo I spent.
3	Okay so this place is a pretty cool spot. I gave it 3 stars for many reasons. 1. The food is really not worth the price. I mean i get that its vegas and things Are just pricier in general but i mean $20 for a burger n fries n drink is pretty steep 2. Its sort of a fast food joint so paying $40 for a couple i felt like i paid restaurant prices at a in n out. 3. They charge for everything!!!! I spent $40 got 5 different things then asked for ranch and they said its $.50... Are u kidding me!!?? 4. The cashier didnt really care about what he was doing.. Didnt help us with anything.. He had our food sitting under the hear lamps for so long i went up and asked to get them... My chili cheese fries were so cold i asked them to mKe new ones. So i put a little onion on top to mark it to see if it'll be there when they brought it back and sure enough it was there!!! There is nothing special about this place.. If you dont have a deal or a group on DO NOT PAY FULL PRiCE!!!
5	I'm leaving 5 stars because JEN at the bar is amazing. The kitchen was backed up she was completely honest with us. So we sat and drank had a great time then ate. She made the best drink for me. I ended up ordering four of them. :) thank you!
4	This is not a place I chose to go to because I heard the food was great. I went to this place to grab some food before attending the Soundgarden/NIN concert. It was a convenient place to go to for food and it also has a bar. I went on a Saturday and most the people there were also there for the concert. I ordered the Morning Glory burger with sweet potato fries. I think I got lucky with my burger because it was so delicious. It was everything I love about breakfast (my favorite meal) served on top of a juicy burger. The sweet potato fries were pretty badly overcooked so I did not enjoy those. The food is extremely pricy for burgers, but not uncommon for food prices on the strip. Service is pretty slow and it is somewhat like In N Out where you order, then wait for them to call your number and you grab your food. I would have given only 3.5 stars but Yelp doesn't give the option.
1	Bar tender took forever to get us a drink, on top of that she was a bit rude. Our food took 30 minutes to get to our table. And it wasn't that good either, I don't recommend it.
1	Food is decent; Tuesdays are buy one hot dog get one half off, but the service tanked their review. The teeny bopper employees are clueless. The girl who rang us up didn't bother to give us a number and left me and my husband at the register while she went to help another customer with their food. When we asked, she said she would remember our order - only it was another girl bringing the food.  When I went to get ketchup a huge splash of gross yellow green tinged water splashed on my foot. I told an employee immediately and not only did she not get napkins so I could clean off the gross, she didn't even bother to mop up the puddle of water!
2	Bought a groupon so I thought I would try it out.  When you think premium burger place you think something like Burger Bar.  This is not that kinda place.  Ordered a standard cheese burger with fries.  Burger was way over cooked and was obviously a pre-frozen hockey puck.  The bun was not bread as much as it was styrofoam.  Ate half of it.  Fries were actually quite good.  Cooked crispy and salty and fresh.  The wide selection of ketchup was also a nice touch. With all the other great options out there I see why they offer a groupon to get people to try them out.
2	Not very good at all.  I had the breakfast burger and I was not impressed at all.  The burger was dry, flavorless and bland as hell. The burger sounded great on paper but the flavors just did not work.  It was boring burger, with mediocre fires.   I went here on a Groupon worth 20 dollars, but I still had to shell out an extra 18 dollars for only two meals (burger, fries and a drink).  It felt pretty expensive, for such a low quality product. The workers were very friendly, but this is VEGAS, you can throw a rock and hit a better burger place.  I do not recommend this spot and on my next trip to Vegas it will be skipped.
1	The girl server at the bar was rude and didn't give me back my change. It wasn't much but its the principal. The food was not good. Don't go here! Groupon trick me! All the other bad reveiws are true about this place. BEWARE!!!!!!
3	Tried with a Groupon. Suprised to be allowed to use multiple Groupons in one visit.  However, not allowed to purchase any specials with the Groupons (e.g half price chicken fingers).  Food tasted good, however nothing amazing here.  Really liked the fries.  Burgers were somewhat greasy.  Good location inside Miracle Mile shops.  I probably would not eat here regularly due to higher prices for burger and fries than Im used to (approx. $16 with tax).
3	Decided to purchase a Groupon like any smart soul would do if you wanted to try the food here.  Everything is extremely overpriced and it's only a matter of time before peeps figure it out and avoid this fast food vixen. Ordered a hot dog and a mushroom cheeseburger.  The hot dog arrived on a toasty bun with standard fixings including sauerkraut, onions, ketchup and relish. The hot dog was decent but as I was eating it, I thought of Costco and how I could get the same thing there which includes a coke. Here the regular price for a coke and the dog is $10.00 plus tax.  When the burger arrived it wasn't the right one and we had to send it back. The waitress was pleasant and got the right one out very quickly after the mistake.  The burger was very juicy and was actually quite good.  The burger had mushrooms and cheese on a lightly toasted bun. Will I be back?  Probably not.  But we thought we would give this place a shot despite all the bad reviews.
3	Ketchup burger bar is located right in front of the miracle mile parking lot, a very convenient spot, so I decided to give it a try. I ordered the mushroom burger combo meal ($16) for my wife and western burger combo meal ($17) for myself. The burger is good but not good enough for $33. It tastes exactly like "Carls Jr". Luckily I bought a $22 gift cert for $11 at amazon local. So including the tax and tip and the amazon local gift cert, the meal is just under $30.
2	Tried this fast food sit down with a groupon. You definitely need a groupon deal to come here. Don't waste your money on food you can BBQ at home. The food is super over priced. On a brighter note, they have a variety of burger flavors to choose from. Food was pretty good, hence the 2 stars.
5	We bought a Groupon and ate lunch here when we were in Las Vegas last. The food was incredible. The chocolate shake was the best shake I have ever had. We are headed back to Las Vegas in just a few days and will surely at here again.
4	Fantastic burgers at over $10 each...but not bad for Las Vegas.  Full bar ready to intoxicate Cute wait staff.   What more could one want?
1	Over priced bland food. tight tops and short shorts don't distract from the fact that the meal took forever to be prepared. As for the DIFFRENT types of ketchup? They all tasted the same!!!
5	Wow I really enjoyed this place. I got the Mac attack burger with no bacon and fries on the side and I couldn't even get thru half of my burger.  Now I see what they call this place ketchup. They have a really great ketchup sauce bar that I had a lot of Experimenting with. My boyfriend and I both agreed that the curry ketchup is really where it's at (so hey don't be afraid to try it ! )  The alcoholic milkshakes should almost be illegal they are so good. We got the tipsy gorilla and honestly it just felt like I was enjoying a dessert. Overall, this is going to be one of my new fav places. Worth a try ! We used a group on too!
3	Was super hungry after landing in Vegas and this was one of a few close by our hotel. I ordered a burger that had avocado and beans, kind of chosen the wrong one. Damn I just saw avocado and ordered. For me, there's really nothing special about it. Meat was a little bit on the dry side.
5	We had just got into town and were actually headed to BurGR, Gordan Ramsay's restaurant, which was on the other side of where we were and we were both STARVING, so we decided to eat here...what a pleasant surprise!  It was DELISH!  They had a bunch of choices from burgers to fries to the ketchup!  Different flavors, the hickory flavored one was our favorite!  The burgers were huge and juicy.  The onion rings were to die for!  Cooked perfectly!  The service was OK, the girl behind the bar was more interested in talking with her friend then serving us.  We will def be back here at some point!
5	Located in the Miracle Mile Shops inside of The Planet Hollywood Hotel Casino on the Famous Las Vegas Strip.Three big things! One: They have all manor of ketchups. Two: They are reasonably priced for a strip restaurant. Three: I had a hamburger with hot dog on top of it. Let me repeat that I had a hamburger with hot dog on top of it. These people are not fooling around. Make sure to stop by for great Tuesday specials and great happy Hour Deals! Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
3	Great staff and service mediocre beef burger, delicious shakes, and good chili cheese fries.They also have many flavors of ketchup which is cool, I created a chocolate strawberry fruit loop shake which was devine.Its right at the entrance of the Miracle Mile shops if entering from the parking garage
1	My husband and I ate here for our last meal before leaving Vegas. It was a disappointment. The food was not good. We ordered a messy burger and the western burger along with sweet potato fries. My burger was too bland while his had too much sauce. The fries were not that tasty either.
1	I ordered 4 burgers and 2 hot dogs at the Miracle mile in Las Vegas. I asked if any of my orders has pork product the employee said not at all. Than I get my burgers 35 min later and sure enough all has chili. So I asked the employee again dose the chili has lard? She said WHATS THAT? I said pork fat. She said I don't know. I asked her please could you ask? She did and came back telling me yes it dose!!! I told her I'm sorry   I can't have it if I eat anything has lard I will end up in the hospital due to allergy. Employee replied "but you ordered it" I said I'm sorry but I can't eat it. Also reminded her about me asking her before ordering!!! She kept arguing. I asked for the manager it was another female who also gave me a lecture about it's my fault and pretty much I have to suck it up!!! I told her instead of telling me it's my fault you should educate your employees that lard is pork.  I got my money back after the manager throw the food in front of me with attitude. Trying to make me feel bad.  Horrible service and staff. Let's add overpriced.
