4	I've driven by here a few times, but this weekend decided to take the plunge.  I'm so glad I did.Comedor Guadalajara's exterior is pretty unassuming.  Looks like a brownish/pinkish box.  Once you walk in, you can see that while they have some nice Mexican items, let's just say you won't be paying for the decor.  When I went by Sunday afternoon their after church crowd was huge.  I was just getting mine to go luckily.  I didn't hear anyone quoted more than a 10-15 min wait - and some of those were crowds of 8-10.  Walking through the restaurant - it's huge!  There is so much seating I can understand why it was the go to spot.  Also, I loved the mix of folks.  There was this guy in a cowboy hat, plaid shirt w/ jeans tucked into his cowboy boots standing right next to a guy in a full suit w/ a snazzy tie and shiny shoes.  It was really a great snapshot of Downtown/Southern Phoenix.  So yea, there were like 2 white groups.  But the rest of this place was a somewhere in the brown scale.  Black, Hispanic and mixed folks all hanging out waiting for the food.  To me, this is a good sign.  The Chicken Chimi was absolutely amazing.  Some of the most flavorful chicken pieces with lots of red & green pepper and onions.  I also tried their Pechuga Asado which was really good.  3 lunch meals, plus a 60 cent "to go charge" (weird, huh?) came out to $35.19.  We will definitely be going back again next time to try all their amazing seafood platters.  While they looked outstanding, I didn't think they were quite "to go" kind of food.  Something to look forward to next time...
4	all and all not a bad place...   Like the other reviews... it does not win points for decor... but what it lacks here it more than makes up for in service... i go here for lunch from time to time and they always seems to be quick... i really like it when they serve you chips and salsa and they bring out some sort of mexican soup...the food is good... i like the shredded beef tacos and the burros are typical south side... HUGE with alot of good stuff in them... while this is not my favorite place in the area... it is still pretty good and is pretty authintic...
2	My conclusion after dining here for the first time is that hubby and I  have had all of these menu items before- and done better at other restaurants. The chips, carne asada, and carnitas were all sub-par. The rice was pretty good, however, as was the guacamole. The waiter had no clue about what type were the beers listed on the menu. The one shining star was the flan: perfectly smooth and creamy, and one of the best I've ever had. I'll be back for dessert- but ONLY for that.
4	I went to this place for the first time and wasn't expecting a whole lot after looking at the outside.  I figured it would be good though because we went there for my bosses birthday and I know he has the money to find good food.  I was pleasantly surprised to find the inside nice and roomy.  No overcrowding and it was clean.  The food was great, I had the machaca beef chimichaunga enchilada style.  The serving was enough to feed me for two meals and I only added a little bit of salt, the flavoring was excellent.
5	Mexican food is funny because it's one cuisine that we tend to have so many favorites in that we need to make sub-categories. As such Comedor Guadalajara would be filed in my database as the Mexican seafood place that I won't eat all day in anticipation of over-eating at. This is a very thin category, in fact it's the only one. The Veracruz style snapper is single-handedly responsible for keeping me from moving to another city. The shrimp tacos certainly pitch in on this retention campaign as well. Let's go back to the snapper for a moment, shall we? This dish serves an ample portion of fresh snapper  in a near stew-like combination of jalapenos, onions, bay leaves and a rich tomato sauce. If that's not enough, you have the option to add shrimp. If I'm not feeling like eating off the coast, the chicken mole is sure to get my vote. The mole here is so good that I get a little insulted when I see it on menus elsewhere. The chicken is pulled from the bone and seems stewed as it's very tender and juicy. Service is always quick and friendly here. Decor is not the most inspiring here, but in Mexican restaurants I think that is a badge of honor. Folks of my pale pigment may pass on this place because it's location is rather industrial and low rent. That's fine by me, they can go to Macayo's and I'll take my usual booth under the spray painted swordfish.
3	The food at the comedor is the closest in the valley I've had to my favorite taqueria in San Cristobal, Chiapas. Its a bit overpriced at dinner, and the portions are rather large. But I think it would be spot-on for some lunch fare.
4	I visited Comedor Guadalajara for the first time last night. This is a gigantic restaurant located in South Phoenix. The Good: The menu is extensive. The salsa they bring with your chips is hot and delicious. Ordered the "three meat plate" (for two) and was bombarded by a metal skillet (with it's own built in burner) heaped with a mountain of steak, chicken, pork, jalapenos, and onions. It was a meal for 4! The flavors were exquisite.The Bad: The decor is bland, and the lights are brighter than the sun.The Ugly: Nothing at all was ugly about the place. The staff and patrons were all very friendly. The bathroom was clean. The place felt safe outside even after dark (they have a security guard posted at the door).
3	It's so, so mexican food. My husband loves it- I think it's a bit greasy. La Canasta on 7th St is way, way better. The salsa they put on the table is a little too hot for my taste as well.
4	What can I say about Comedor that hasn't already been said... The food is reasonably priced and the selection is huge. Back in the day before I started telecommuting, a margarita or beer paired with one of their daily specials have gotten me through more than one long assed afternoon at work (please don't tell my boss).The wait staff is incredibly nice and watching newbies squint under the bright lights and bad south of the boarder art is always entertaining.If you want to be a little bold, try one of their soups. They are scarrier than shit if you are a white girl that grew up on meat and potatoes, but they taste great (I just don't ask whats in it). LOL
5	Oh, I love you, Comedor Guadalajara.  R.I.L.F.I loved you when you were also The Crystal Palace.  I loved you as a child, when we would try to sneak into the pseudo-night club side and take peeks and our moms would drag us back like trouble-making ne'er-do-wells. You've changed a lot since then, dropping the Crystal Palace half of your moniker, but your food is still as good as it always was.  You're cheap, you taste great and you give a lot, even if your looks aren't spectacular, just like my favorite hookers (what?).The Pechuga Asada, two whole chicken breasts grilled and tender, on top of a mound of rice and beans, is so delectable and awesome that I want to eat it constantly.  But how can I, when the machaca chimichanga enchilada-style with plentiful guacamole and other assorted accoutrement beckon me?  And what of you, Green Chili?  Your almost-soupy consistency, the potatoes, the carne, the color, the tortilla...too much to handle.  Oh, others, they will say that it tastes the same as other Mexican restaurants to them.  That's because they haven't been spoon-fed all this shit for the past 25 years like we have, day in and day out, beaners that we are.  We can taste the slightest change in the amount of cumin, or how much salt, or the way someone cuts their meat before cooking it, or the way they make their spanish rice, because we've eaten so damned much of it. So that's how I know that this isn't so run-of-the-mill.  That's why I love you, Comedor Guadalajara.  You're totally still a cutie, even at your ripe old age.  R.I.L.F:  Restaraunt I'd Like t....nevermind.
1	Still on the quest for good Mexican food, I tried this place with a coworker who swore that I would love it.  Not so.We went at lunch and the waiting area was packed!  We put our names down and they called us 10 minutes later (not bad for how many people were waiting).  They have a large dining area and lots of parking.When we sat down, they brought us chips and salsa and soup.  The soup was yummy.  The chips were disgusting -- you could taste the grease that they were fried in (YUCK!).  I ordered the beef taco and cheese enchilada lunch special.  The taco was decent (very small) and the cheese enchilada had onions in it which were crunchy when you bit into them.  I thought I ordered a cheese enchilada but I guess they forgot to put cheese AND onion enchilada on the menu.  I still judge a place by it's beans and these were nasty.  You could taste the lard.  My coworker ordered the chile relleno and chicken enchilada lunch special.  She didn't like her food either.  After we left, she apologized and admitted she would probably never go there again either.
4	my husband and I were driving by this place the other day and not knowing anything about it decided we would give it a try. I was pleased with the food. I got a bit of food envy when my husband's dish was way yummier than what I ordered. I got the tacos with beef and potatoes combination. I forget the exact name of the dish my husband ordered, but it was sort of a shrimp burrito dish. It had plenty of shrimp in it and was very tasty. My tacos were good, but I was disappointed at the amount of potatoes in it. I was hoping for a layer of potatoes and a layer of beef, but what they do is mix bits of potato with the beef. It was still good. Their chips and salsa are decent. The salsa for me gets a bit too spicy after a while. I would definitley go again if I'm in the neighborhood.
5	Comedor Guadalajara is probably one of, if not, our favorite Mexican traditional Mexican places.  We don't usually order the regular Mexican food you can get at any place, we tend to order their specials.  Those dishes might be a little more exotic than most people are use to, but they always leave us full and delighted.  When the Mrs & I go, we often get the Tres Carnes platter or order of the specials for dinner.  When my cousin  and I go, I almost always order the Tripas de Leche......nothing better!!!!!   I have never seen them on a menu anywhere else.!  Gotta try them!
4	Making the rounds on all the wonderful mexican food places the south side has to offer I found myself here. I can't believe how many times I have drove by this place and never stopped in. The dining room is humongous, you could probably fit 500 people in it.  It is a bit brightly lit but squint your eyes and dive into the salsa, it is really awesome. I must say I was not impressed with my lunch order, I got the tacos and they were dripping with grease. I think they make the tacos, lettuce tomatoes and all, then threw them in the fryer (yuck). I think I just made a bad choice though as the dishes others ordered, (fajitas and seafood plates) looked delicious. They give you a really yummy soup at lunch time. It consisted of broth, rice and veggies and was very flavorful. The waitress was sweet and attentive and the margaritas were great (if you like them made with limeaid, which I do).
5	This is one of my favorite lunch spots. I have gone here regularly for a couple years and always order from the specials. Try the shrimp enchiladas or the fried red snapper. They are great!  Some of my friends drive all the way across the valley to eat here.
5	One of my "must stops" when I am in Phoenix. Great breakfast, awesome Horchata & the best Carne Asada Tampiquena around. Granted, the chips and salsa are nothing to rave about but everything else here is superb. The staff is very polite and service is prompt and reliable.
4	There's no better way to undo a 3 mile morning walk than to end up stuffing your face at the Comedor.  This place is muy grande and could be the perfect spot for a very very large dinner party. The parking lot is huge and is tended by courteous security guards who welcome you in at the door. The menu is extensive and offers some unusual items such as Chicharrone (pork rind) and Nopales (cactus) dishes along with an interesting   Caldo de Mariscos (Seafood Soup). Great if you're looking for some food adventure! Que suave~I started my post walk lunch with a cold Pacifico that came with a large frosty mug. Man that beer went down good!  The chips were delivered warm with a side of chili tepin style salsa.  For starters, we ordered the Frijoles con Chorizo dip. I'm not huge fan of chorizo but really enjoyed this dip. The chorizo was mild (not greasy at all) and was served with oven toasted chips topped with melted cheese. We shared a plate of the Chili Verde con Papas which is a rich green chili sauce with chunks of beef, potatoes, and onions served with refried pinto beans and tortilla. For our other dish, we had the Chilaquiles Y Huevos. This dish was the main reason we went to Comedor and it didn't disappoint.  This was layered corn tortillas soaking in a red chili sauce and topped with two over medium eggs and served with a side of frijoles and warm tortilla. The only problem I ran into was eating way more then I should have. It must be a good sign if you waddle out of the place whining and holding your gut.I'll be heading back very soon to try the Nopalito dish and the Pescado Entero Tilapia; Pan Freed "whole" Tilapia. Can't wait!
4	A wonderful family restaurant in South Phoenix located on the corner of S. Central Avenue and I-17, this place has the BEST Mexican breakfast on the weekend since the old Matador closed on 1st St.  I always go for their chilaquiles.  A generous serving of homemade red sauce over corn tortilla chips and topped with two over easy eggs, this is a dish that can easily be split with a friend.  And the mariachis only add to this place's ambiance!  You won't be disappointed--the real deal!
4	This is a great place to grab some food before a ball game. Just minutes from the stadiums in downtown. The old purple artistic wall that could be seen from the freeway as you passed by is gone now but he great food is still inside. Unlike many of the horrible Mexican places in south Phoenix this one is by far one of the best. There is a reason why they have a huge parking lot, great food brings a lot of people. For all of you who are afraid to venture into this part of town, have no fear there is security in the parking lot. Check this places out! The horchata is made fresh and is delish!
4	I have been here once. Thank you Genny C. I had the chilaquiles y huevos ($7.95: cut up corn tortillas smothered in red chile and cheese and topped with eggs - i suggest over medium). A huge fan of huevos rancheros, I had never had chilaquiles (or heard of them) before this visit.  They took hold of me! I dream of them now. I wake longing for them. I wish they were served past 10:30. As for the restaurant: the place is ginormous! Don't let the security guards in the parking lot put you off. Instead, let them get the door for you and take comfort in a delicious meal served by friendly staff who will greet you in Spanish but just as easily will answer you in English.
4	i use to go by here every day of the week and never knew this place was open. the parking lot always empty. in fact i've had several people i trust tell me how great this place was..and i never realized..THIS was the place they were talking about. gasp. so i came her with my BFF's family for fathers day. it was pretty damn good. after a very long wait and eventual long walk to the rear dining room we got seated. chips pretty tasty, sales pretty spicy. food was delish..i got carnitas and they were big porky chunks of awesomeness. they gave me large tortillas..which was ok cause i just tore off pieces to pick up meat. my one complaint...it reminded me of my highschool cafeteria. Jaguar Pride What!! anyways..the vast openess and still confined spacing of the restaurant. if there was a fire breakout..i don't think anyone would make it out alive tho. :(carnitas were bombdigity yaheard!! get on it. price is affordable, and the menu distinctly not, run of the mill "mexican food"
5	Much favor has been heaped in previous reviews and no dissent here. This place is great; eaten here many a time. Easy to get to from anywhere in the valley, at corner of I-17 and Central Ave. Excellent food, great service--even for a party of 22. Nice beverage assortment. Try a cold Carta Blanca, instead of a Modelo or that shite that begins with the third letter of the alphabet. And, by all means, order a Vampiro, if you've not tried one. Tequila, Sangrita, and Squirt soda pop--muy rico!
4	yum! this place is yummy! it is my favorite authentic mexican restaurant to take out-of-towners to. the doorman/security guard is so sweet and makes sure you don't get shot and that your car is there after your meal. the surrounding area is a bit tough, and i don't suggest wandering far from the parking lot if you know what i mean. the somewhat scary location makes everything a bit more authentic in my eyes.i made the mistake of ordering chicken once, and i was disappointed. not sure why ... maybe it is because they don't use all white meat chicken. or maybe it was an off day. or maybe i just don't like their chicken. i don't know. but now i stick with beef or cheese based items and everything i get is super delish. love the beans! they do 'em right. margaritas are freshly made and full of alcohol, not like the watered down versions you get from a stupid machine at other places. gotta love the free chips and salsa ... the salsa always tastes fresh, and they'll give you a super-spicy version if you ask. and they keep 'em coming, even after dinner if you want more.  try the carne asada cheese crisp as an appetizer ... it is huge, but so good that if you have more than 4 people at your table you should order two. if you don't someone's going to wish they had gotten more.
4	Great new find for us, we stumbled across it on a Sunday and were trying to find a place and not many were open in the area.  We saw it and all the cars 1130am Sunday and thought, why not?   Glad we did, very tasty food, good portions and really good flavor.  Some certainly authenic dishes along with the normal dishes as well!  The Mole was Que Bueno!The "right crowd" was in the restaurant and knew the food had to be good and we weren't wrong.  Sure it's not in the best part of town, but don't let that scare you off of a great place!
4	I have been hearing about this place for over two years now from my coworker.  He had been bragging about it being the best authentic Mexican food here in Phoenix.  So finally today for lunch I decided I need to go try this place out.  I was very glad I finally went.  I had the lunch special of a stuffed poblano and shrimp enchilada.  While waiting on my food I was greated with chips and a yummy spicy salsa and a soup with veggies and beef.  Both were very good and I was then worrying that I wouldn't have room to finish my meal.  Before I could decide to put away the chips the food arrived.  I was surprised how fast they cooked my meal and once I tasted it I was amazed with the great flavor of the sauces.  The enchilada had a very good tasting green sauce and the chile was smothered in a spicy red sauce with onions.  The rice and beans on the side were good but after finishing the main course I had just a bite of each to see what they tasted like.  I will have to head back again for dinner as the menu was full of wonderful items I wanted to try.
5	I have been here a bunch of times, thanks to a coworker who recommended it for authentic, good Mexican.  I'm trying to think of everything I've tried here:  the Wednesday lunch special of chicken in a light mole sauce, chicken soup, cheese enchiladas, burrito all delicious.  The service is fast, the food is always good.  Highly recommend.
5	I was extremely happy with my meal here.  The salsa with the chips was nicely spicy.  I had the shrimp and octopus a la Diavolo.  The Diavolo sauce was delicious and also spicy in a different way than the salsa for the chips.  I was given a large flour tortilla and couldn't resist dipping and redipping.  The sides of salad (standard shredded lettuce, etc., but very fresh and crunchy), rice and refried beans were substantial.  After the chips, main course, salad rice and tortilla I couldn't do more than scratch the surface of the refried beans.  I was equally happy with the atmosphere and service.  I showed up near 1pm on Sunday as a single diner.  Most of the other people were family groups, many apparently regulars.  I was nonetheless given a decent table normally seating four after the promised 10-15 minute wait and no sense of being rushed or treated differently by any of the staff.  Next time I'm in Phoenix I will be eager to come back (bringing family and/or friends) and have the same thing again and/or explore the rest of the menu.
5	This is a great place to eat authentic Mexican food! Your server always bring out chips and salsa first thing while you look over the menu (salsa is spicy and really good).  The dinner combos are very reasonable and you get a good portion size.  My boyfriend and I usually go once a week to eat here.
4	A little bit of Mexico in Phoenix with all the  tastes and sounds.  A lot of fun.We came here early one evening and had very little wait time.  All the food is freshly prepared and given the mix of clientele of Anglos and Latinos, everyone was enjoying a great meal.  We'll be back.Enjoy!
5	You have NEVER tried mexican food till you've had it here (and I've been to mexico several times)....and if your gonna come and order tacos - then just go to taco bell!The menu is extensive, I've tried EVERYTHING from tongue to intestines and I am SOOO not "that" kind of eater!  Delish each and every time! The wait staff is helpful and some of them have been there for years (speaks heavily on the quality of management...they must be as good to their workers as they are to their customers). You will not be disappointed....if you go for breakfast, you have to try the Machaca Chiliquilies......unforgettable!
4	I came here for breakfast a couple times and I like it :). The salsa that comes with their chips is spicy :). Finally a place with a salsa that is spicy enough !!!  There is another good Mexican place nearby called Caroline but that's mostly a take out place that u want to order and pick up.  This place is more of a sit down restaurant with great service and good food.  It's only drawback is it's pretty obscure and in a bad part of town, otherwise definitely worth a visit :)
5	This is my favorite Mexican Food restaurant. The guacamole is awesome. My husband likes the shredded beef tacos I love the green chile burros enchilada style with green sauce. I have tried many other things on the menu and they are all good! The salsa is great the people are friendly.It is clean and I always know what we are getting.
3	This place is in a questionable part of town.  The exterior and interior are simply decorated.  A little effort would be nice.Our server was friendly,quick and attentive.The chips and salsa are good.  The salsa has a nice touch of spice to it.  I could always use more, but it is hotter than most places.We ordered a cheese crisp to start.  It is essentially a super thin pizza crust with a ton of cheese meleted over it.  I love thin crust pizza, and I love cheese even more, but it could use some seasoning or some kind of sauce.For my meal I ordered the cheese enchilada lunch special.  The enchiladas were ok.  The sauce was very good.  The rice was ok.
4	Dropped in here at 11 AM today, a weekday, & this place was already roaring busy!  After a short wait, I was seated in a very comfortable spot, & soon not only chips & salsa arrived, but a cup of Fideo Soup!  Now I don't care too much for this style of salsa, hot & plain, but the soup was a delicious treat!So I ordered, & pretty soon a big, hot platter showed up with my Combo of a Chile Relleno, covered with a different red salsa, a chicken enchilada covered with green salsa, cheese covered refried beans, & Spanish Rice.I loved everything but the salsa, the service was excellent, & the price reasonable at $8.95.  I'll be back!PS:  They open at 8 AM, daily specials, no separate checks, park in paved parking lot only!
3	The first thing to remember is that the portions are huge and the plates are always burning hot. Every time I visit, I come away with a plate full of left overs. Do not expect to find any fancy dishes here, the food is what you may find at a comidas caseras type of place in Mexico. The Mexican food here has the tastes of Sonora and is full of flavor.There have been two items that have been ordered that I really did not like. The chilaquiles during breakfast and fried fish for dinner. The fried fish was almost burned and super oily. The chilaquiles are smothered in sauce, which I had never seen. It must be a Sonora thing. You can not go wrong here if you order something that is grilled, whether it be tacos de carne asada, pollo asado, or a parrillada, etc. The enchiladas and chile rellenos are good, but again they are smothered in sauces which is not typical from the part of Mexico my family is from.Bottom line, this restaurant serves good Mexican food, the portions are huge, and is inexpensive.
5	Great and has been for years.  Lines out the doors at lunch but worth the wait.  I recommend combo 'K'This place is the where you should take someone from out of town that wants the best mexican food.
4	Love it!
5	I love Comedor Guadalajara.  Breakfast, lunch and dinner.  I have rarely been disappointed, but  when I have been disappointed it was when I tied something different from what I normally order.   I typically order the same items over and over again (because I know what I like) and those selections are always fabulous.The salsa is hot (some times it is really HOT) and the soup is soooo good.  If you have not been and you like good Mexican food; you must try it.
5	Ever just want excellent Mexican food for your party, just like Mama used to make but without the days of preparation and cooking?  We ordered from Comedor's catering menu:  green chicken enchiladas, chicken flautas (substitution of their tacos) and rice for our Halloween party.  Surprisingly, Comedor also included a quart size of guacamole, salsa, sour cream and two big bags of tortilla chips.  Prices were extremely reasonable and the food was amazing!  I'm not a big green chili fan but I am now!  Chunks of fresh green chili on the enchiladas and boy, were the enchiladas plump full of chicken!  I've decided that I'll never slave over a kitchen stove to prep for a party or get together.  El Comedor's catering menu saved me tons of time and headache AND it was extremely affordable.  I got to enjoy our party and everyone couldn't say enough great things about the food!
5	On the recommendation of a friend, my wife and I went to Comedor Guadalajara for supper.  I can't pronounce it but I found it.It doesn't look like much on the outside, but it is quite comfortable and nicely done inside.  From the chips and salsa at the start to the blazing hot main course, the food was great.I had a burrito, taco and cheese enchilada combo plate with rice and refried beans on the side.  The burrito was huge and tasty, the taco crisp and filled with fresh lettuce, and the rice and refried beans were tasty. The enchilada was so-so and it was the only disappointment.The service was fair, a little disappointing given that it was not that busy.The price is excellent for the food you get.  A real value!
4	Very good food, very good value, very long wait at lunchtime. I had the opportunity to treat some friends who were visiting from the northeast and wanted good Mexican food. Friday lunchtime may not have been the best time to do this because of the long wait, but once we were seated, everything went very well. The waitstaff was very friendly and efficient, the food was really tasty and the servings were generous. I would say that I ate here some of the best Mexican food I've had in the Valley, and my friends were equally impressed. Lots of parking, reasonable prices -- it all adds up to a great dining experience if you don't mind the long wait for lunch.
2	I went here based on the Yelp reviews and from recommendations from my husband's co-workers. I won't be returning. I was already skeptical about coming here because of the multiple Yelp reviews mentioning the security guard in the parking lot and the shady part of town that it's located in.  My husband and I got the shredded beef tacos and enchiladas. The shredded beef was so dry and overcooked that I only ate half my taco and was over it.  The beef enchilada was filled with huge chunks of beef, which were tender but lacking in flavor.  The rice and beans were nothing special.oh yeah....  the chips they bring out when you arrive come with tiny bowls of salsa that you can barely dip your chips in because of how small and shallow the bowls are.
4	Met some friends here for a birthday dinner. Place was packed. I was drinking, but the rest of my group enjoyed the cocktails.Three of us split a mixed grill plate. Had enough for four as opposed to three. We opted for carne asada, carnitas, and chicken. Everything was prepared well and was quite tasty.
4	When it comes to authentic Mexican food, this place does it right!  None of the "Tex-Mex" silliness here. I always get their flautas, beans and rice. The rice isn't like mom's but THE FLAUTAS are just like mom's!!! Yeah, it's by the old freeway in the non gentrifying part of downtown, but the portions and taste make this place worth driving a little off the beaten path. Lunch is always busy but once you are seated the wait is never long. I always suggest this place as a lunch spot for lunch meetings! Go now, thank me later.
3	Does "authentic" mean "good"?Not necessarily. I suppose the Comedor is more authentic than a place like Macayo's or Garcia's because they offer such typically Mexican delicacies as tripa and cabeza. They also have a menu full of the fish and mariscos that anglos tend not to order in typical Gringo-Mex outlets. They also don't drown their entrees under an avalanche of yellow cheddar cheese.But as an experience I would say even if it does offer a greater selection of authentic menu items, it's not really that much more satisfying than the other places. I had the carne asada tacos, which were serviceable if not thrilling. The dish came out warm and didn't have the tell-tale signs of having sat under the salamander for longer than it should. At one time these tacos would have been a revelation to anyone weaned on the Lawry's hard-shell ones. Now, with their soft, grilled dual corn tortilla goodness wrapping them, they resemble any number of other "street tacos" that have become more and more popular recently.The atmosphere is . . . well. . . "comedor" means "dining room" in Spanish. That's what it is: A big room full of tables. Mariachis were a nice touch.We waited 30 minutes at lunchtime on a Saturday to get a table. Maybe that's why I am less than thrilled.  The place doesn't want for popularity. Aside from the wait, I had no complaints with the service.So to the uninitiated, I would go with an open mind, not expecting a life-changing experience. I would also advise people to try the things like the lengua molcajete (a sort of tongue stew served in a lava bowl). The availability of stuff like that is what really sets Comedor apart.And keep in mind that "authentic" doesn't always mean "good".
4	i took my in-laws here tonight, and it was their first time here. my mother in law said she wanted Mexican food and since Ponchos is not the same anymore this is the best place in town. everything that we ordered from the shredded beef tacos to the seafood soup were great. i had a green Chile chimichanga, the only disappointment was my mother in laws meal (chicken chimichanga) was taken by a different waitress and she didn't get her food till we were half way done with our food. otherwise it was great as usual.
5	Truly enjoyed thier food here.  Went with another family and got Parrillada De Tres Carnes.  I highly recommend- its now my favorite Mexican Restaurant in AZ.
2	Dining Guadalajara was more like eating in Guadalajara, complete with a wait for a table despite having many opens ones and a questionable security guard at the front door.We were in a cave like room waiting for our table, luckily it was just a 5 minute wait for lunch.One inside the main dining hall we were able to see the large size of this place, tables finished wall decorates but a unfinished ceilings and no windows make up the inside.I oped for the chillies relleno off the lunch special menu $7.50  most of the lunch specials range from 7.25 to 8.50.From seating to our main course we had over 5 different people visit our table.The chips were nothing special bu I do like the the spicy and thin salsa here.My chillie rellno was a bit different, the sauce was a bland tomato based sauce, the chillie it self could have used a bit more roasting and the cheese seemed a bit thin.Overall the prices seemed high for the location, and quality of food, I would sooner go to la canasa.
4	Good , authentic mexican.Had the 3 carne-asada street style tacos plate with rice and beans. Very generous portions and could not even finish my food. Meat was tender and hot off the grill. Added guac, pico, lettuce and lemon squeezed over the whole thing, simple delicious. They beans and Spanish rice are some of the best I've had anywhere, ever. They also have negro modelo on tap. Overall very solid and would eat here again, good service, nice non-tourist trap atmosphere.
5	Green Chile chicken enchiladas, Oysters and with the right person... perfect.
5	Ci!Comedor Guadalajara is a place that seems to always come up when discussing Phoenix Mexican food.  I finally found myself in the area and dropped by for early lunch and was not disappointed.To the tourists and over cautious it may not look like the best area to be but have no worries.  This part of town is just old and run down.  You won't be knifed in the parking lot and there's even a security guard keeping an eye on the lot.  Have no fears.As per usual when I hit a Mexican place I ordered the enchilada's.  The appetizer was the standard free house chips and salsa.  Oh, boy!  The salsa!  I always complain that the salsa in not hot enough (even at Mexican places) but one bite here and there was a temporary spice assault upon my eyes and nose.  Both started to run and I loved every minute.  When your body reacts, you know you're eating good salsa.  My Pepsi came soon after wards and it was the largest drink I've ever been served save for a liter of beer I had at a German tavern in New York City.My food arrived soon after wards and it was served on a scorching hot plate.  Everything was delicious and I think they make their own refried beans.  Possibly the best beans I've had at a Mexican place.The dining area is larger than a fast food joint but smaller than your typical restaurant.  Not long after I arrived it started to fill up quickly.  Expect to wait a few minutes at peak times.Sadly this structure was an impenetrable fortress for my phone and I was unable to officially do a Yelp check in but, eh, I cannot hold that against the Comedor.I'd like to note that quite a few of the patrons were Hispanic and that, to me, is always a good sign when eating at a Mexican joint.I have been waiting to find a Mexican restaurant that I can officially dub as the best I've had.  I am confident I can dub thee, Comedor Guadalajara, as the best I have had.  Can't wait to take any visitors I have here.
4	In my last few weeks in Phoenix I tried to line up as many restaurants to try as possible, especially hoping to find some worthy Mexican food. I enjoyed my lunch at the Comedor and would gladly return.  The spot is huge; a re-purposed event ballroom I'm told. A group of four of us went one Sunday for lunch and though the space was pretty full of families, we were seated within 5 minutes. For lunch I ordered shrimp enchiladas which came four to a plate (corn tortillas) with rice and refried beans. Tasted great, the shrimp were cooked well, not rubbery, and the chile sauce was lightly spicy. One friend ordered the chicken mole, and I had a few bites and would highly recommend it. Admittedly the mole was not spicy enough for either of our tastes, but it was rich and complex, and the chicken was spectacular: so moist and tender, just swimming in the thick sauce. mmmmmmm! Reasonably priced, generous with seating, quick service and solid Mexican fare.
5	Always passed it,but finally stopped,worth it,super traditional sonoran dishes, good service,cold beer,I got the #6 a chicken flauta and taco,the flauta was basically a big rolled taco,I was hoping for the real deal,the did have the best salsa versa I ever had,and im not lying,served hot.go there.
2	I usually eat at fast/cheap Mexican places because I am not a fan of places like Garcias, macayos, Arriba etc but I have been looking for a good/authentic sit down Mexican food restaurant for a while. After I saw that this place had a 4 star rating and a name in Spanish I decided to give it a try. I was pretty excited to see actual Mexicans eating there! When the chips and salsa arrived my excitement died a bit but I try not to judge on chips and salsa alone. We ordered a plain cheese crisp as an appetizer and it was actually pretty good; it was crispy and not too oily. The main dishes arrived and they were a major disappointment! The tacos were oily and bland. The beans and rice were not much better. Overall this is typical Americanized Mexican food; overly fried, bland, and greasy like most Mexican places. Nothing special or authentic here. I shan't be returning. My search continues...
5	Omg Great, I had the shrimp ench. with Chz Relleno.  Excellent
4	After one of my epic party adventures down town... My buddy said this place was a must for great breakfast food. We entered the spot it was packed we were seated pretty fast and I looked over the menu and went with the  Machaca, Chilaquiles y Huevos Combo with a tall Dos Equis it was early but a must have... I rate the experience as followed.Machaca, Chilaquiles y Huevos Combo - AStaff - AI enjoyed my meal it was so good... I will be back for sure soon for some great food everyone was so nice my second beer ended up on the table talking with your hands can be a problem...The staff laughed and helped me clean it up now that's team work.
5	This is hands down the best overall Mexican restaurant in The Valley. By overall I mean they have excellent family style food and your run of the mill Mexican favorite's, tacos, enchiladas and such. Great hot sauce and the best tacos I have ever had in the 10 years I have lived here. Love the family style seafood dinner as well. Great and friendly service as well!
4	Ok - this place is totally out of my world of existence...But a bunch of us had just volunteered with Packages from Home on S 7th Ave, and we were hungry, so we went here on a suggestion from the team.Good service, fantastic huge food and reasonable cold beer and margs...we all agreed we would have never thought (or had been in the hood) to stop here without an intro, but we were very satisfied with Guadalajara!  Try this place if you are in the area - you won't be disappointed!
4	Great breakfast food, great service, and fair prices! Our server was Francisco. Food was brought out in a timely manner. :-) I ordered the 2 shredded beef tacos with rice and beans. Yummm!
4	I've been driving by this place for a couple years and a friend finally recommended it to me. I actually hadn't really paid attention to the signage and I thought maybe it was a Spanish nightclub because of the entrance in the rear, the parking attendant and you can't really tell anyone is there if you are only looking from the I-17 frontage road. Well, don't let looks deceive you. This place is great!I've had Chilaquiles y Huevos, Machaca Con Huevos, Steak and Chicken Picado and some tacos. Everything has been delicious. The service has been great, even during the lunch rush. The portions are generous and the prices are appropriate.Definitely stop by if you're in the area.
4	Nice to finally meet you Comedor Guadalajara,My husband and I really enjoyed our time here.  We were looking for decent Mexican food.  This was our first visit . . . the parking lot (behind the building) was large (and don't let the outside of the building defer you . . . it's big inside).  The service was great from the minute we walked in the door.  The margaritas were really good (you could actually taste the tequila).  Complimentary warm chips and spicy salsa.  We both had the beef tacos, rice and beans.  Great food.This is going to be our new go-to place when we crave Mexican food.  Prices were very reasonable.I can't wait to go back for breakfast and try the Huevos Rancheros.  Yum!
5	Pacifico on tap! This place is great! They keep it real and the food is great! Kinda old inside but worth going there to eat for sure.
2	I don't get it. For some reason, people seem to think Comedor Guadalajara represents traditional, authentic Mexican cuisine. If that's the case, so do Acapulco, El Torito, Arriba and Macayo's.Nevermind the location. I have strayed into much more intimidating parts of other cities and towns and come out unscathed. Anyone who is concerned about the location or the security guard will either feel that they were adventurous threatened. You can decide for yourself which to pick.AS FOR THE FOOD... it's horribly average. Yes they make a good michelada, but the food itself is too fried, has too much lard, and just doesn't have much charm.I don't want cheddar cheese on my Mexican food. I don't want Jack In The Box style tacos. I don't need beans and rice on the same plate.The green chile is better at Carolina's or Rito's or El Norteno.If you want fatty americanized Mexican food, go to Comedor. If not, I suggest you skip it.
2	I had heard a lot about this place, so was excited when I finally got to eat here.  Sadly, I was not impressed.  The salsa was mediocre, and my chimi was soggy and tasteless. The beans were tasteless as well. Will not be going back.
1	Anyone that calls what they serve here chilaquiles has never had a decent plate of chilaquiles in their life.  I was really disappointed to say the least when I was served a plate of soaked tortilla chips in a pasty, canned-tomato sauce... My husband said his huevos rancheros were ok, but then again he'll eat anything.  The place was getting pretty full for lunch, so maybe other menu items were better Phoenix, AZ 85008than the sad and pathetic dish that I got.
3	My family and I have been coming to this place for years... back when it was called 'Crystal Palace'.We still go regularly, mostly for my dad's or mom's b-day celebration.. or with my in-laws.  One thing I've noticed throughout the years about this establishment is that they have the same waiters ... I'm talking working there for at least the 15-20 years that we've been going to this place.  That is kind of impressive, you know.So, what to order?  Well, if your idea of a Sunday afternoon (when we usually go) is to have a nice lunch and then have a functional, productive afternoon... don't eat here!  It doesn't really matter what you order.  99% of the time what you will be served is an elliptical plate with a 24" major diameter that is chock full of greasyass refried beans, brown (aka Mexican) rice, and some other main dish that is covered in creamy salsa, cheese, or both!  I'm not saying it's bad (yes, it's bad for you) tasting, because it is actually quite tasty.. but, you 100% of the time regret ordering these dishes because of how you feel afterwards.  You're just bound to feel like a pig... heck, just wear your stretchy pants and one of those puffy blouses (gals, they are in style now) that way you can hide the bulge that will be your bloated belly.  Sigh... this is why I just get the fajitas these days...The staff is mostly Spanish speaking (fine with me) and so are the patrons of the restaurant.  You'll pay a nominal price, be surrounded by lots of Mexicans, hear some typical Mexican music (hey, maybe you'll get a song from the mariachis that stalk the tables), and eat like a pi... person that has been starved and has finally been fed.
5	I've lived in AZ for almost 20 years and this place is one of my favorite Mexican joints. Huge parking lot and the restaurant seems to get bigger every time we go. Yummy salsa & chips. Cheap margaritas. Delicious food. Machaca is amazing, garlic shrimp is my stand by, and everything else in between. I've never had a bad meal here & service is usually quick.
4	Comedor Guadalajara es muy delicioso!  Me encanta enchiladas!  Their enchiladas were good.  I got plain red cheese, and they did not disappoint.  I was more impressed by the menudo....mmmmm!  Great place, and its HUGE inside!
3	Good food and great building. Had the Red Chili Beef Burrito. Red chili was not so flavorful, beef was tender and juicy. Great salsa and chips. The lack of great Mexican food in Phoenix is reflected in peoples reviews. Not a four star and no way a five star mexican joint. Growing up in Santa Barbara a place like Comedor is the norm. Would go again if in the area.
5	This place is as good as it gets for Mexican food in Arizona! I love the traditional feel of the restaurant (although not in the best neighborhood but not to worry they always have security on site to watch your cars while you eat lol) The food here is amazing, the past two times I have been there I have ordered the ground beef and potato tacos and the green chile stew, both are delicious. I have also tried the enchiladas and the albondigas soup which were also very tasty...If you enjoy Mexican food and are willing to drive to the area its definitely worth checking out!
4	Delicioso! Oh and the Margaritas are delicious...I should know, it's my middle name!  But really, the food here is quite authentic.  The chips and salsa are very sabrosos!  The serving size is substantial and enough to take home leftovers.  I prefer their green chile (again, I'm from New Mexico and very picky about my Mexican food!).I had a combination plate with enchiladas and tacos (if a place can't pull these two simple dishes off...this chica from NM is gonna go elsewhere) and they were both delicious.Everyone at my table really enjoyed their food.  I can't wait to go back and try the albondigas soup which I've heard so much about.  I hear they also have a pretty good happy hour. Buen provecho!
4	authentic mexican sit down food..10x better than a garcias or a macayos. be carefull of going on a sat or sunday morning...20 to 30 minute wait for sure.
4	We've been going here for 10 years or so. It's moderately expensive so eat here maybe once a year. Had forgotten how good the food is here. Negro Modelo on tap starts it all, the machaca is great, the chili rellanos are very mild, the standards are done well. Salsa is wonderful. Guards in the parking lot give you a feeling of being back in Mexico (and your car is safe), staff is friendly, bright inside, some nights there are roving mariachi groups.
4	great find on the way home, I wish they had one in San Diego!!!(4) Parrilla De Tres Carnes: Delish, we split the meal for 2 between 3 people and still had leftovers(4) Margaritas: great mix not too sweet and just a hint of tequila to know it's in there
5	I loooooove this restaurant!! The food is fantastic, and the prices aren't bad as well! The location is a little scary (downtown Phoenix) but don't let that deter you from an awesome Mexican food experience!!!
4	This restaurant holds a special place in my heart. Our abuelos intruduced us to the food here at a very young age. Even though the prices have gone up since then and they charge for certain things seems outrageous it is well worth it. I have never had a bad plate here. The one thing I don't like, is sometimes when you have a large party it seems like they try to rush you through your meal. But the food here really is delicious. The service is fast and friendly. It does help if you speak spanish as this is authentic Mexican spot. They do, however, have some American food on the kids menu. Haha. My kid....We have had a lot of big brunches here for birthday's and such and they have a room in the back to accommodate. Sometimes they have a live Trio walking around singing classics. Always some Vicente playing over the speakers. This place is a warm and fuzzy for me. Love it.
4	This place is one of my favorite places for mexican food! Their seafood is very very good! I usually order the shrimp tacos and shrimp enchiladas. I've had other things listed on the menu, however here is the place to quality mexican seafood.
2	I know this is treasonous but I wasn't all that impressed.  I had the chicken enchiladas with green sauce.  The food was very average in my opinion although the service was very friendly and quick.
4	Not the best part of town but they do have security in the parking lot.  Food is pretty decent Mexican food.  Chips and salsa suck but the desserts like the flan are to die for.  The place is huge inside. Service is generally pretty good. I would recommend.
4	Not where you might expect to find a great restaurant, I found it because I was having my car repaired next door!Been there twice now -Cheese Enchilada Huevos for breakfast, Chicken Enchilada and Chile Rellenos for lunch, they have Negra Modelo on tap too!Excellent food, great service, will be going back many times
4	Went with my family here, and we all enjoyed it. The food is prepared fresh and tastes great. Not exactly sure why it's not five star. There was just something... off. Perhaps the ambiance?  It's definitely worth visiting though, and there would be nothing stopping me from going back.
4	Really good Mexican restaurant. Watch portions: they are huge. I had machaca con huevos and it was delicious. They have great freshly squeezed orange juice. Watch for dirty Old Mexicans grabbing waitresses asses. If you stalk it out patiently it will happen. Also, be ready to wait on Saturday mornings.
4	A buddy of mine took me to breakfast here. I ordered the Machaca breakfast plate, this is the best Mex breakfast I have had in years and I am Latino....it made me want to SLAP MY MOMMA! Nice atmosphere, great service, good pricing, instant freeway access. You got to love this place.
4	I'm not even a huge fan of Mexican food, but I love this place. for $8.50 I got the cheese enchilada and shredded taco plate that came with rice, beans, and a small cup of veggie soup. it was all extremely delicious! especially the beans. I have no idea what they put in there, but it tasted so good that I cleaned my plate (and I am a light-eater so I usually NEVER clean my plate and I usually don't even eat the side rice and beans).I will definitely be back again. the only downsides to this place that I've seen so far are: long wait if you go at lunch rush, not located in a great neighborhood, chips and salsa are meh (would've given 5 stars if the salsa was better), and it closes at 8 PM.
5	The food here is fantastic!  Prices are very reasonable and staff provides great service.  I've been looking for a replacement for my favorite Mexican spot since mine closed last year.  This is it!
5	Finally got back around to this place (right in my neighborhood!) after 2 1/2 years!  We just have so many excellent places to eat here in the Valley!Arriving about 11 AM today, a Tuesday, this nice, fairly large place was already roaring busy!  I did get seated right away, but they were soon full, with quite a crowd in the waiting room by the time I left.For this visit I decided on one of the four white board Lunch Specials of the Day (in addition to the Tuesday Lunch Special contained in the printed restaurant menu).  This was a Pablano Chile Relleno and Pechuga Asada (broiled, boneless chicken breast).My friendly server gal showed up right away with good toasted tortilla chips and a cup of their spicy hot, pureed red salsa.  Next came a small bowl of their Soup of the Day, which was Conchigliette y Carne Deshebrada in a tomato based sauce.  Yum!  (Having soup included witl lunch at no extra charge is one of things that make this place special!) At the right time, my big platter of the main courses arrived.  Everything was beautifully placed, & the chile came stuffed with Queso Oaxaca, breaded, deepfried, and treated to some delicious toppings.  Along side was the tasty, good-sized chicken steak plus generous servings of creamy tasting, cheese coated refried beans & fluffy Spanish Rice.Every bite of this meal was absolutely delicious, and again I wish I had brought my camera along to show it off, but suffice it to say that I'm so glad I came to this great restaurant today!     :-))Relleno Pablano y Pechuga Asada Lunch Special:  $9.25
1	Este restaurante lo unico que tiene de Guadalajara es el nombre.  Todo es comida chicana muy malita.  En el escusado habia un hombre semi desnudo aseandose...que asco. Verguenza ajena
4	My family and I have been dining here for a few years now. Only thing I don't like are the odd hours, because it can be confusing at times. Seriously. There was a time we went to have lunch sometime during the week, and it was 3pm. When we got there, they were closed.Anyway, the food is great. The service isn't bad; not AMAZING, but not bad. :)
5	Great food! Love the spicy salsa, the meatball soup and the enchiladas. I'm a sucker for fluffy flavorful yet simple rice and I couldn't get enough of their rice!
5	Amazing place with good good.  Great prices with food too match.  I really enjoyed the place and atmosphere.  The noise level is high so be prepared to enjoy the festivities.
5	Wow. Have traveled all over the country, experiencing the local cuisines in each city I visited.  The food here was the best mexican I have ever had, bar none.  Highly recommended!
5	I was here for the second meet up of the International Supper Club UYE. I thought that the first meet up was going to be hard to beat because it was so good but this place knocked another one out of the park. I think I just found my new favorite Mexican food place in town.From the outside it looks like a hodge podge of different additions obviously added at different times with no thought at trying to make it match at all. Even the parking lot was a little crazy. Walking in the two front doors continues the hodge podge theme. This is a family owned restaurant that has been here awhile for sure. We sat in the front waiting area for the rest of the group to show up and I had to use the bathroom really quick. Those were also scary. Questions started to arise about this place. I hope the food is good. We waited a little while longer and they decided to seat us even though our whole party wasn't there. Then we walk in to the main dinning are. Now obviously at some point they gutted the entire inside and completely remodeled it. It was very nice. It was a large open space with an exposed ceiling and lots of tables. We were taken to a back section where several tables had been pushed together for us. Maria our server came over and chips and salsa were on the table immediately. She did a great job the entire night. Best services I have had in awhile. She took everyone's drink orders and drinks started to come out a few at a time. Once everyone was there and ready to order she went around the table and took everyone's order. Offering suggestions and helping with custom orders.After what seemed like only a few minutes. Dishes started to come out as well. One or two here then a few more over there. Finally everybody had what they ordered and it all looked and smelled really good.Then fork went to mouth and somewhere a chorus started singing. Wow this was really good. I had ordered a Carne Asada steak with a cheese enchilada. I couldn't pronounce what it was called when I ordered it and I won't even attempt it here. It really was some of the best Mexican food I have ever had. The steak had a great flavor to it and with all of the cheese and sauce and everything it just added to it. I couldn't even finish. Although there wasn't too much left.Even after that I still had to try some dessert especially after I saw churros and ice cream on the menu. This was not a mistake. It was so good. The ice cream was fantastic and the churros were warm and soft.Everything was amazing. Maria was a great server. The company was fantastic as usual. Maria even split the check up for us even though there was a handwritten sign up front that said they didn't do that.I hope to have many return visits here. My new favorite Mexican place hands down.
3	My husband and I ate dinner here with the International Supper Club UYE group a couple of nights ago. We were both happy to see that they had such a great selection of Mexican beers and so hubby was able to get a Bohemia instead of settling for the usual Corona or XX. I was super happy to order a Michelada and as always that put me in the mood for seafood which is perfect since Comedor Guadalajara not only has traditional Mexican entrees but a variety of Mexican style seafood dishes on their menu.Even though we were served chips and salsa immediately upon being seated, we decided to start with the chorizo bean dip since that sounded pretty tasty. I was expecting it to be served in a small dish like the salsa but instead it came out with a giant portion and a bunch of thicker chips topped with melted cheese. Fortunately my fellow Yelpers helped us out but we still couldn't finish it. I love bean dip in general but this one had a great flavor from the chorizo and I didn't feel like it was too greasy. I would say that the chorizo bean dip is a must-order if you are with a group.After that, we got our entrees. My hubby got the Tampiquena steak which was a skirt steak seasoned and broiled and served with rice and beans. Most people would call that carne asada so I am not sure why they didn't name it that on the menu. I thought Tampiquena was when they chop up the steak and put chili sauce and cheese on it. But I haven't seen that outside of Texas so maybe that's a regional thing, I don't know. Anyway, he loves steak so was happy with the meat but he thought the rest of it was just ok. Growing up on the border we are picky about tortillas and these were not very authentic looking and he said they also were not great tasting but not bad either.I ordered the Campechana and that also turned out to be a humongous portion (see pic). They serve it in a huge bowl like soup instead of a tall footed glass dish like seafood cocktail (cockteles) are usually served in. However, it wasn't really that much more substance in the bowl, it seemed to be mostly Clamato. I did like the flavoring of the broth but I thought the quality of the seafood could have been better. I also thought it was really weird that they served it with lemons and not limes. That kind of gave it a weird taste but I added some more hot sauce and that fixed it!Even though its not the best Mexican food I've had we still had a really good time. It's a pretty nice looking restaurant, I am really surprised that some of the other reviewers called it a dive? Also, our waitress Anna was awesome and everyone else we interacted with seemed really nice as well.
4	It was the 2nd meet up for The International Supper Club and this time Comedor Guadalajara was the place to be!From the outside, you are not quite sure of what are you are getting into, you walk up to the place and you see a huge concrete pad that looks like it's used for outside parties maybe?  You go through the doors and then are shown your table and your mind is thinking how is it possibly this is the same building you were looking at on the outside.  It's huge, and opened, and I didn't even see the entire place. It's well lit and the colorful! A very nice surprise!We were a party of 8 and our server was Maria, and she was amazing, she made sure we had everything we needed and more. When you 1st walked in the podium for the hostess says NO SPLIT CHECKS, so our party didn't even ask, we would have figured it out, but when it came time for the check, Maria had already split them up for us.  Love great service!The chips are fresh, the salsa, well for me it's perfect! I could have stood it a tab bit hotter, but it had the perfect bit of heat for me, but for a fellow dinner, it was too hot for him.Ordered a cheese crisp and some guacamole for appetizers and the cheese crisp was just that, a cheese crisp nothing too exciting to write about, but the guacamole, omg it was soo fresh tasting, I loved that stuff!! I think I might have even licked it off my fingers, I'm sure I could have eaten the entire bowl myself  (or did I).One of the Wednesday night specials was a poblano pepper stuffed with cheese and topped with green chili sauce with grilled chicken, and it came with beans & rice. OMG AMAZING!!!!!!!!!! I didn't even see it on the menu but damn I want it again! The pepper was fresh, the green sauce was delish, and the grilled chicken just tied this dish together! The beans and rice were perfectly cooked. AMAZING!!!!My meal filled me up pretty well, but I did order a churro, and it was the perfect way to end a great meal. Love churros!!! Warm pastry stick covered in cinnamon and sugar. Oh yea I went home a happy girl for sure!
4	Their beans are amazing and have been for the 20 years we've been eating here. The carne asada tacos are delicious, the guacamole luscious, the machaca and the chiliquilas plate is fabulous. Love their rice and their enchilada sauce. They have done a great job unifying the decor recently. The service is fast and always consistent. Oh, and if you go for lunch, they usually serve soup before the meal and it is yummy!! They do a great job with large parties too. Terry, one of the owners is always so welcoming.
5	By far the best Mexican food in Phoenix! Wonderful service, great atmosphere!
5	Just when it seemed like I couldn't be impressed by a Mexican restaurant anymore, here comes Comedor Guadalajara. When so many others stopped offering free chips and salsa while you wait I was SHOCKED by not only getting chips and salsa but a cup of soup while waiting for our meal. We went in for lunch, and while we had to wait 10-15 minutes for our table, the service was awesome and we were in and out quickly. They do not mess around here and I was thoroughly impressed. The food was close to the Tex Mex that I crave from home and the value for the money is solid. The chili rellanos was killer. Will be back regularly!
5	I am a native of the Phoenix area.  There are a lot of Mexican food restaurants but there are very few that I would call excellent.   Comedor Guadalajara is an excellent restaurant.   I have been there for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  The Chilaquilles for breakfast are very good.   You can get them plain or with Machaca beef.   The enchilada sauce at Comeodor Guadalajara is incredible especially smothered over a red chili con carne burrito.  There is not much I can complain about at this restaurant.  The service is very good and the pricing is affordable.   If I was to make a complaint, it would be that the place gets too crowded at lunch time.   Go before 11:15 AM for lunch or you will have to wait for a seat especially on Friday.  I guess that is a good problem to have from the restarurant point of view.   I highly recoomend this place.
5	This place is the best for legit Mexican breakfast.  Machaca and Chilaquilles is very good and so is the enchiladas and napolitos.  I have only been for breakfast but can imagine the other food is amazing as well.
5	Best enchiladas--ever! The enchiladas were as good as any I have ever tasted in San Antonio or Los Angeles.  Simple but delicious: Corn tortillas, enchilada sauce, cheese, and onions (optional). That's it.  And, that's all it takes.  It is rumored that I am the only person to have touched more cookies than a Keebler Elf. That might be true. The claims that Comedor Guadalajara has the best enchiladas in Phoenix. Well, simply put, that's true. These enchiladas are so good that if Comedor Guadalajara was in a rap battle it would simply pull back the foil on a plate of these hellafide gangsta enchildas and drop the Mic!
5	This place has been around for as long as I can remember. Each time my family and I have come here, the food is always on point and never a disappointment. Their ticket times are quick, they food is tasty and full of flavor. You have a choice between two salsa's, both are very good! I have yet to find any restaurant that can compare in their food. Many of their dishes are very comforting and remind me of the way my grandmother used to cook. Staff is quick and friendly. My family and I will always be loyal customers of Comedor Guadalajara!
5	Best chlliquilles anywhere i have had them.....THE END!!!! Itravel 180 miles just to get them no one else compares yet...
5	Simply the Best. When you want to impress your guests, or a business colleague, take them here? Completely safe, guarded, protected, patrolled parking lot for those of you scared to venture into unfamiliar territories. Outstanding from beginning to end. From friendly, enthusiastic welcomes, to prompt tableside attention. Delicious Margarita and Dos Equis to wash down fresh chips, and fiery salsa served in a delightful tiny gravy boat for pouring or dipping. At least 4 servers tending to your every whim from delivering food, to clearing plates. Presentation is everything and here they do it right! From spotless, immaculately clean everything, everywhere you look, to pressed slacks and dress shirts on all the servers, there is pride in everyone's performance here. The food is the Bonus! Excellent flavor, robust and tangy, complex, plentiful, fresh and filling. You want to clean your plate! Prices are more than fair and reasonable for what you get! Charming Mexico Decor throughout without being gawdy or cheesy. Nice enough to impress a date before a concert or show Downtown. Absolutely my favorite place to dine in South Phoenix.
4	Salsa is sooo bomb and the staff is cool. I go for their shrimp cocktail happy hour $4 can't beat it !
5	Been here twice now. The food is great and the place always seems busy. The staff is friendly and suprisingly the best thing about this place is the Horchata. I normally have it and am sick afterwards because it is sooooooo sweet. Comedor's has a good mellow sweetness.Food wise I had the lengua tacos it was really "spicy" not like hot spicy but like a lot fo different tastes in it. My boyfriend had oh I can't remember the burrito but it had chicken, peppers, and onion. i don't like peppers and onions but the green sauce that they had put on it was sooooo good. I wish I had got some green enchiladas or something. Now correct me if I am wrong, why are there no Tamales? I couldn't find any? Do they not serve any or did I miss it somewhere?  That was my only complaint I went in looking for tamales but hey I got something better so I guess it's not really a complaint then huh?
3	I went here for the first time after driving by this restaurant for about a year.  The chips and salsa were great.  I ordered a cheese enchilada, taco and tostada combo.  It was very reasonably priced.  The rice and taco were very good.  The beans and enchilada were so-so.  I will return as some of the neighboring tables had some unique dishes that looked pretty good.
5	Celebrated my birthday here last night. Food was amazing. I stuck to my old standby of cheese enchiladas, which were great. The red sauce had a unique taste, it tasted like it had pot roast drippings - it was the best red sauce I've ever had. For appetizers we had the cheese crisp and guacamole. The guacamole was very good with chunks of avacado and a light hand used with the seasoning. The place is huge and the staff are very friendly. This is now my go to Mexican food restaurant.
5	Gracias Monica for bringing the International Supper Club here!From the outside, like Monica said, youre not really sure what youre getting into. Until you get inside and smell the deliciousness.This place is a bit smaller than I expected, but spacious at the same time. We were seated (smartly) towards the back of the restaurant. Oh the menu. Its a little overwhelming, not in the amount of options but the amount of things that sound delicious! I chose the Chimichanga de Pollo. I was totally prepared to enjoy it, as is but then our waitress suggested that I get it enchilada style. Best. Waitress. Ever. Holy god was that thing good. The chicken was tender, the sauce was so so good, and it had just the right amount of spice. Its a large dish, that was equally good the next day.I would highly recommend this place for a sit down meal if youre looking for really good, authentic mexican food. And I wish I was still in AZ cuz writing this review has made me hungry for it!
3	To many rules. No split checks, no credit cards, no substitutions or additions, no breakfast after 11. Staff is nice, food is average.
1	Greasy tacos, the only thing good was the spicy salsa. I got the chicken tacos and they were hella greasy with half-melted cheese.
4	We showed up with a party of 30+ and they accommodated us fairly quickly considering. The service was great! The food was served fairly quickly as well. I ordered the ceviche and it was delicious!! I don't find myself in Phoenix often but I will definitely eat there again if I do.
4	The food is delish! But beware the salsa is hot hot hot just like the plates! Service was really good too! Prices seemed right on as well. I know we will be going back as it is a favorite foodery with the hubbies family!
5	ok, so I've been back to this place oh 3 or 4 more times. I love this place! The food is excellent and you can tell by how busy they are that they are obviously doing something right.I recommend the chicken nachos as an appaitizer. I don't know how they make their chicken so flavorful, but it's amazing. It's like charbroilled or grilled, so tasty. The nachos are basically 4 or 5 tostada's cut in half.  You get a layer of beans, topped with jalapeno's, cheese and chicken. A side of guacamole and sour cream come with this plate.The chicken chimi enchilada style with the red sauce is beyond words. It's the same chicken used in the nachos. I basically lick the plate clean. I have also tried the shrimp enchiladas - too shrimp tasting for my taste, but my sister -in-law, who's big into seafood really enjoyed them. Comes with a lot of shrimp.The carne asada tacos - were fantastic.If you want really well done Mexican food don't waste your money anywhere else. Just come here. The wait staff is excellent and attentive.
5	Great food. Fantastic staff. Coldest cheladas in town. I mean largest and tastiest and coldest cheladas. The food is delicious. That is the only reason for going out to eat at this place. The best parilla here in Az.
3	Only based off the Menudo on a Sunday afternoon. The tripe and hominy needed to be cooked longer.
3	Good place for a quick lunch.  Daily lunch specials are pretty good.  Fast, friendly service.  Alphabet soup.
5	This place has the best Mexican food ever! Authentic is an understatement. The alphabet soup they give you at the beginning is delicious. Prices are very reasonable so you won't be disappointed
5	Tasting the chicken enchiladas and Enchiladas de Camaron (green chile & tomatillo shrimp enchiladas) made us ask, after decades of tasting enchiladas at dozens of other good restaurants, so THIS is what they're supposed to taste like?! Don't miss the mango-lime margarita. It's all magnificent, and highly recommended.
3	Went for lunch at the suggestion of a coworker. My tip... go early! I felt sorry for the crowds of people waiting at 12:15 for a table. This place is pretty packed, so it must be doing well. I had a lunch special that had a tostada and a cheese enchilada. We were served soup with our chips and salsa, but I am not a soup fan so I passed on that one. The chips were ok, I have definitely had worse. The bowl is pretty small so they have to refill a ton if you eat a lot of chips. The food was good, not amazing but I would go back if I were asked to.
5	best beans in town
4	The food is fantastic! Fresh and so flavorful.  I love the communal seating and openness inside.  Chips and salsa were great.  My enchilada plate was creamy and flavorful! I tried my first chulata here!
4	Love this place! My Family and I always come here after church on Sundays. The restaurant is clean, the servers are friendly, the manager ALWAYS makes sure your needs were satisfied. I always order the chicken nachos with horchata. Never had a problem with the food.
3	Not quite up to the expectation given that this has 4 stars on yelp, is frequented by lots of Latinos and the half hour wait for a table for two t lunchtime. The guacamole had no flavor and the main dishes were very average. Nice ambience though.
2	Over Rated and to crowded.  Go to Mi Patio or La Canasta instead.  Or, go a little further north to Via Delosantos for even better food and drinks!
4	AWESOME. And sometimes when it's really busy, they take you to magical rooms of the building that you don't even know exist for extra seating. But really everything is good here.
4	Great Mexican is here.I like that they offer two complimentary salsas: spicy and regular.  The spicy was a little too peppery for my taste.I liked their guacamole, but it could have used a bit more salt.The chicken chimichanga was delish.  It wasn't too greasy.  The side of beans were creamy, yum!It is a nice big restaurant, so the wait isn't too long.  The restaurant is nice and clean, but the bathrooms could use a little TLC.  It smelled like old fish.Our server was prompt with our orders and answered all of our questions.  This food is great!
3	I want to be as fair as I can when I am writing this review. I am not a native of Arizona and I think this may make my review somewhat biased. I wasn't too impressed with the food here. I had a chili relleno and a chicken burrito, both smothered. The portions were large, as expected in a Mexican food restaurant, the service was good, the gentleman that was helping us was extremely courteous. The margarita that I ordered (strong) I needed an extra shot, it wasn't strong enough for me. When this happened the Manager came over to me to make sure everything was ok - which was awesome! Needless to say, I added the shot and the margarita got demolished!  My chili relleno was a little soggy and I asked for it extra crispy, not too important, but I just wanted it cooked a little longer than normal. One SUPER positive things I can say about Comedor Guadalajara is that they had some of the best rice and beans I have ever had! All in all, I think my overall experience has to do with the Mexican food here tasting distinctly different than the Mexican food in Denver, both of which are as authentic as you can get, not this Tex Mex B.S.When I go back to Phoenix, would I come back here, probably not, I would want to try a different place to see if they have a different Phoenix, authentic Mexican food flare. If I was invited to go back and somebody was paying for me, I would definitely go, however; I would order something different.
1	Awful greasy Mexican food; margaritas from mix; no decorDon't understand what restaurant the other reviewers went to.
5	I've been going here since I was a child. It's my parents' go to place for taking visiting family out for dinner. I've seen it go through remodeling and expanding to what it is now. The prices have gone up considerably but the food is as good as ever. Delicious! None of that canned beans shit.
5	The only reason why checked this place out was because it was features on that show "Man Vs Food" well, I wasn't disappointed. The place was nice and friendly staff. So much to choose from. You better have a appetite for this. Unlimited chips and salsa can't go wrong with that. Reasonable food and prices. Definetely coming back. Happy customer.
5	BOMB breakfast! We must have arrived at the perfect time because when we left there were people waiting on tables and chairs outside.Great service and everything was authentic!
5	This place is awesome!The prices are Great and the food is soooooo good!The service is the best ive ever had at any restaurant in the valley, hands down.They have security in the parking lot and that shows the owner cares about her customers :) I go as often as I can and you should too
1	I used to frequent this restaurant until what happened to me on April 3rd.  I invited some guests to dine with us, the meal was as always excellent, and service was decent.  All was fine until I got a call 90 minutes after leaving the restaurant from my credit card company at 10pm asking me if I was at Frys Grocery and had just before been at Home Depot, seeing as I was at home I replied no.  I had left my credit card in the check presenter and somehow it made it's way to into someones hands that obviously was not me.  To say I was annoyed would be an understatement, that is until I called the owner the next day and explained the gravity of the situation, she had the nerve to tell me that it was basically my fault and that her staff would never do anything like that and that she would do nothing about it, not even an apology!! In the days of Social Media, not taking customers seriously is risky business, i have shared this story with 50 plus people and I am sure they have shared it with some more.  I have left my credit card at several restaurants over the years and have always been confident in the honesty of a business and next day retrieved it and not had someone go shopping in my absence.  Visit this restaurant at your own peril and if you have to pay cash!!
1	The food here is horrible for calling themselves an authetican mexican restaurant they are far from it. I am mexican and I can tell you their food is not at all good. Their tortillas are package their chips are package. The food has no taste. Not even my kids the usually eat everything like it. Their salsa sucks. I do not recommend this place horrible food. If you want good mexican food go to Pitic just around the corner or Carolinas.
4	Great Mexican food! Ones of the best in town. First come first serve basis. No reservations but the wait is worth it! No matter how you like you're Mexican food they do it well! So good for dinner! Great friendly service and most are bi lingual! I haven't had any trouble with heavy accents or hard understandings!
5	AMAZING!!!!!There is reason for long lines, and full parking lot. the food is Amazing!!I am a hard critic when it comes to any restaurant. This place is great in ALL areas, This place has awesome seafood, from fresh fish fillets, shrimp and more. The other fare is awesome too, from the enchiladas, burritos and everything else. You can tell they go extra mile to make sure the food is perfect, and spiced perfectly. This is my go to place for Mexican food and Seafood fare..Comedor Guadalajara is the Real Deal!!!
4	This is old-school Sonoran food. It's good! Hot sauce, chips, guacamole (though I think it has sour cream in it), enchilada sauce (both green and red), tacos, crispy cheese crisps, tasty medium-heat green chiles -- all good! The only item that was lesser to my taste was the chile relleno, though the red tomato sauce on it was delicious.Give it a shot. There's a reason why this restaurant has been successful for so long.
4	I liked it a lot! Food was good, service was good, nothing to complain about. I would go back again!
5	Unbelievable.      Fantastic experience all around, including the wonderful waiter Ruben who was willing to work with my vegetarian preferences.   My husband (not a veggie) reports that the fish he ate was unbelievable.   And a half dozen mexican beers on draft.  So good!     I can't wait to go back!
5	Fantastic food, fantastic service, extremely clean inside. One of the best, if not the best Mexican food restaurants in AZ. South Phoenix hidden gem. Blows ponchos out of the water. Definitely coming back.
3	Good decent food.
4	I was staying the night in Phoenix and being from New Jersey wanted to have some good southwestern Mexican food.  The desk clerk in our hotel recommended this place and I was not disappointed.  We ordered the shrimp ceviche, steak picado, and a enchilada, taco, tostada combination plate.  All of it was delicious.  Combined with a tall beer made for a great meal.
5	Outstanding family Mexican restaurant! I've tried several of the other well known Mexican restaurants in Phoenix and Comedor Guadalajara is hands down the best of them all. Very large open restaurant concept (2 large rooms) with no bar but serves alcohol. No TV' either except in the entrance so keeps everyone focused on the group your with and food.Large platters served so bring your appetite but the flavors are truly authentic and expertly cooked. Service was excellent. Try the7 Mares soup, seafood platters were fresh and delicious. Ejoy!
1	BEWARE: The owner makes all of the staff pay for their mistakes.If a mistake occurred, pay special attention to your bill, because the waitress may add on the additional charges without your knowledge. Make sure it's itemized or you'll end up paying for their mistake(s).
5	Best Mexican food ever! The beans are amazing - just like Nana's! I love the potato and beef tacos as well as the shrimp cocktail. I used to be a Poncho's on Central die hard but this place has a bigger menu selection and it's sooo good! If you want inexpensive authenticate Mexican food then this is your place! Love the cups of sopa they give you during lunch as a free appetizer along with the chips and salsa. Closed on Monday's so keep that in mind. Enjoy!
5	Best Mexican food in Phoenix hands down! This place is one of my weekly lunch go to's. They have great lunch combination specials and every person gets soup to start. The hot sauce is hot hot hot, but so delicious! It gets pretty busy during the week for lunch, so be prepared to wait about 15-20 minutes if you are going during peak times.
5	I've long been searching for the best camarones diabla and have found that gem here in their camarones endiablados offering. This spicy seafood dish hit all the right notes!  My husband also loved their cheese crisp and cheese enchiladas. I've not been to Mexico but I would bet this is real deal Mexican cuisine.
5	This place deserves more than 5 stars. This is how homemade Mexican food is suppose to taste like. My mom told me about this place and ever since then we go there every time there's a special occasion. We would go every weekend if this place was a lil closer than home. I always order their shredded beef enchilada plate that includes bean and rice. Absolutely amazing. The sauce was the perfect hint of spicy to it. The meat was fresh as well. Bean and rice is my favorite. Also! This place has a great price for how much food you get. It's delicious and I will recommend anyone there for Mexican food. Love it!
5	Have been coming here since I was a baby and the food is just as good if not better. I have my own family now and we will continue to come here and hopefully as my family grows they will also love this restaurant!!! Love this place!!! People are nice and friendly food is absolutely amazing and authentic!
5	This place has the best Mexican food in the whole valley, I been going there since I was a child and they only get better with time.My favorite is carne asada and grilled chicken on there fire skillet, mmm.
4	I really love this place, I didn't realize how big it was. You could have a large group for a party. The parking is actually pretty genius since it's off the freeway it gets congested do to avoid that when you leave, they have you exit out the back to avoid car accidents. I recommend this place to anyone who is looking for good Mexican food, it is spicy but very delicious
5	Hands down my FAVORITE Mexican restaurant. The food is authentic, great and plenty. My favorite is the Campechana and their Parrilladas. The drinks are good to especially the mango margarita.
5	Ever since my wife and I first went here a couple of months ago, I've almost constantly craved the soups they serve. We've been back 5-6 times since then and can't get enough of anything they serve. Even the rice and beans are outstanding!.The weekend only beef soup is probably my favorite but can only order on the weekends. The chicken soup is so rich and flavorful, I doubt I can ever truly enjoy anyone else's and the 7 mares seafood soup, well, that's in a class all it's own....hell, all of their soups are in a class all their own. One big downfall though, after eating here you're ready to collapse into a food coma....in a good way.Everything we've tried has been outstanding except the carne asada. The carne was a bit thin and way over cooked. The pork carnitas were very good but a little overcooked also. However, all fish/seafood and chicken dishes have been amazing and have found Comedor Guadalajara definitely the most authentic Mexican restaurant in the Phoenix area. I've tried most of the Mexican Restaurants and this has been the best overall. The typical 30-60 minute average wait during dining high times should give you a clue but look at who's eating here, families. Groups of 8-15+ in a party let alone us couples and smaller parties. When large families gather at a restaurant, you know it's got to be good!Overall, pricing is very reasonable, and definitely an excellent value for the portion sizes offered. ENJOY!
5	I'm Mexican so I am very particular about my Mexican food, it has to be better than I can cook it for me to pay for it- or I have to be hung over... Either way, this place is the best, I come here just for the tripas but everything is delicious and the salsa is hot! it gets packed so be prepared to wait on the weekends...
5	Some of the best Mexican food in Phoenix  I have eaten here twice, both times the service was excellent.  Last night I had the chicken green chile enchiladas which were filled with tender and tasty chicken. The beans are the best I have had anywhere. And the rice was as close to being perfect as you can get.
5	My family and I found this place when we were looking for an authentic place to take a friend from out of town. Boy did we hit the jackpot! I lived in Tucson for 7 years and I have always struggled to find a good Mexican restaurant in the valley. Everything from the salsa, to the cheese crisp, to the enchilada style chicken burrito, to the raw seafood something or other my husband ordered was absolutely perfect. The service was decent too on a Friday night at 7 pm. We will definitely drive here from chandler again! Highly recommended!!
5	OMG, I am so full! Wonderful food. I started with the highly rated michaladas then the shrimp diablo. Entirely way too much food for me!!!
4	First time here, ordered the #1 Combo, Cheese Enchilada, Taco, & Tostada with Rice & Beans. Salsa & Chips served as the appetizer. The salsa reminded me of enchilada sauce and it's SPICY! Have a glass of water handy! The enchilada was adequate, the taco was ground beef and tasted like it had a Taco Bell type seasoning in it. (A huge no-no for any restaurant other than Taco Bell!) But the shell was fried true Mexican style, thank goodness! Next time I'm going to ask for a shredded beef taco. And I hear the Quesadillas are excellent so there will be a next time! I also had an Arnold Palmer and it was one of the best I've had!
5	Great enchiladas, beans, and rice. Packed for lunch so plan ahead. Consistently good.
4	Would have given 5 stars, but They been open for years now you think they would have a better system on there wait times. Food is amazing best Micheladas in town.
5	To the point- this place served me some of the best Mexican I have ever had. I actually want to go back and take away one star from every review I've given. It was that good.Soup- best I have ever hadCarne asada- juicy perfectly cookedEggs- omg perfectBeans-delicious, they're beans...Salsa - really goodEnjoy!
5	Wow, went here with a buddy of mine.  He's a local and kept telling me how good it was.  And, I was not disappointed in the least.  You will not go wrong with this place!!!
4	This place was overall delicious I ordered 3 carne asada tacos with rice and beans. I was more than content with my meal choice. My date ordered a small bowl of albondigas with a side of green Chile chicken enchiladas she was pleased as well with the food. One negative, they could flavor their rice a bit more it was bland with no flavor. I have had better out of a instant minute packet rice. Other than that service was great, and the restaurant is well maintained.
5	This is the best Mexican food place in phx!  Delicious food...great prices. ..great happy hour til 6pm...a must try and always return!
5	Amazing food. It's authentic Mexican food not that pseudo mexican food catered towards gringos like some places.  Restaurant was cool looking with nice decor. The chips are served fresh and hot with tasty salsa. The chicken enchiladas will change your life. The chile relleno is great too. The churro ice cream desert is A1.  Price is very reasonable. It came to 34$ for 2 with dessert.  The horchata was tasty too.
5	So good! AMAZING food and the waitress was very attentive. The rest of the staff was super friendly. Really, the food was just amazing. The portions were huge...enough for more than 2 meals. It's always packed when we drive by, but we got there at 4pm and were seated immediately.
4	I love this place, I've been here many times for lunch.  #1, they have excellent salsa, when you look around and you see who else is sharing in your dining experience, a lot of repeat customers who know that the quality of the food is up there with the best.  The Salsa is fresh and HOT!  #2, its authentic, having come from a family of restaurant entrepreneurs in West Texas I know all about Mexican food, how it's made and whether something is fresh or not.  Let me tell you, this place is legit.  #3, the service is always fast and friendly.  The only opportunity they have is with their Huevos Rancheros, im a fan of Rancheros but their Ranchero sauce was heavy on the tomato sauce and onion, I felt needed more complexity and adding in some Hatch or Anaheim long green would have made the sauce better.  Other than that, I highly recommend the tacos, chimichangas, flautas, enchiladas and Mendudo.  You won't go wrong with this place.
5	After driving around for nearly an hr trying to find somewhere to eat, I came across this place on Yelp. Without reading any reviews, I decided to come have breakfast here. Although it was a full house, they had enough space to seat us promptly. We were greeted right away by a great waitress by the name of Catalina. She was very nice, attentive, and wasn't bothered at the fact that we kept ordering different things, she had a smile on her face the whole time and was extremely respectful. Even when she was walking by with food in her hands for another table, she never failed to ask us if we were ok, or if we needed anything. I haven't had such great service by a waitress in a very long time. They are so attentive that the moment we set our utensils down and were finished with out food, someone was already there picking up our empty dishes. I am so glad I came to this restaurant. They actually have a lot of seafood in all of there sea food dishes unlike most places nowadays. I was here with a party of 5. We all ordered something different. Everyone's food was DELICIOUS! I was highly impressed by the cleanliness and layout of this restaurant. I would definitely recommend this place to everyone. Very family oriented, respectful, and clean. I'm from California, I have visited so many restaurants both here and there, and it's been a very long time that I have actually been impressed by a restaurant. If I could rate more stars, I would! Ps! We had an extremely hungover friend (we had a wild night out) that didn't want to eat and felt sick to her stomach. We advised her to order some Menudo. Sure enough, after eating some she came back to life. Lol
4	We stopped in for dinner last week after receiving a tip to check it out for authentic Mexican food.  The parking lot was full, so that was a good sign.  We were warmly greeted and immediately seated.  Beware...the salsa is homemade and seriously spicy - very tasty, but dangerously hot.  We both tried enchilada combo plates and they were quite tasty.  The shredded beef taco was not our favorite, but the rice, beans and enchiladas made up for it.  Definitely a go to for authentic, tasty Mexican food!
5	Best place I have been ! Me and my hubby have been going there for the last 10 years and we love it . I always order the chile relleno with taco Dinner . My hubby gets shrimp enchiladas green and they are so good also . I love it I can really say it one of the best Mexican restaurants in phoenix
5	The food and service is amazing great authentic mechladas. The red chile is amazing and so is the chips and salsa. Beware salsa is so good yet so hot. Its painfully good. Yum yum yum
3	(Lyrics - The Outfield - Your Love)Mexican food in Phoenix is far awayCome sometimes and try it overSo many things that I want to eatYou know I like my tacos little bit spicyLet's go to Comedor Guadalajara tonight!Let's go to Comedor Guadalajara tonight!Comedor Guadalajara is one of those sketchy looking places that borderlines danger and well maybe a little adventure wouldn't hurt!Needless to say, from the outside the location of this place is pretty off beat (Ghetto!) in my books.  The inside is totally different.  Family friendly and staff is pretty up beat and on the ball.  I came here with my family and we ordered a bunch for Happy Hour!  I went for the sampler appetizer platter and the Mole Chicken Enchiladas with a Modelo beer.  The appetizer came with mini shredded beef tacos on a crispy shell, frijoles, mini cheese crisp, and guacamole.  Overall, a nice start, the platter was perfect for sharing for 2 and a great combination with a beer.  The Mole chicken was steaming hot and came with refried beans and rice.  It was thick and creamy with a minor hint of cocoa which was perfect!  Overall, service was top notch.  The food was very good for Phoenix Mexican cuisine.  I can't say it's the best in town cause it's a give or take thing.  In the end, what makes Mexican food for me is the sauce and salsa.  Comedor Guadalajara delivers on the food part, but the sauces really makes the difference on my palates! - Enjoy!
1	Some people must have different taste buds ,I have been here about 5 times over a span of 6years , never once have I enjoyed it ,Every time I say oh let's give it a try and I regret it I've tried enchiladas burritos tacos crane asada this is no where near the real thing , the last time I think there was lettuce in the guacamole maybe by accident but it made me sick
5	Great food, decent service, great atmosphere make this a great restaurant for lunch or dinner. Had the carne asada plate and it was great. The beef was grilled over a flame and it made the beef taste great. Soup was delicious and chips and salsa outstanding. A little pricey, but the quality makes it worth the price!
3	Food is nicely prepared. Service is offered with a smile. If in the neighborhood I would stop by.  Definitely better than average!
5	Excellent food and service here, we love the food and the ambiance. Ever since the first time we came here and met Ruben we always ask for him, his engaging smile and personality are an additional treat to a fine dinner and great margaritas. Best meals? Carnitas,  Green Chile and the Ground Beef and Potato tacos and on those special occasions when it is on the menu the Barbacoa is killer.
4	Delicious Mexican food. I got the chicken chili enchiladas and highly recommend! Place can get packed for lunch so come early.
5	If you want Mexican food this place is the perfection you're looking for. Take it from a Latina who knows even though I'm Hebrew too but my dad is from Mexico.  This place has perfection on a plate. You don't have to be cheap here. I max out in this place because the quality is SUPREME EVERY TIME. They're very diligent in putting out the best in quality for your money EVERY TIME. I have never had a problem here but I'm very sure if you speak up they will fix it. If that should ever happen. The beans and rice are AWESOMEEEEEE and to show you how awesome... I never go without an extra side order. YUM TO THE YUM on the beans and rice, I must be greedy here (Hahahahaha). One great thing that goes on here is the manager or owners are always visible if you know who they are. Come and eat and you will leave here happy because I always do. I love it so much I have to tell myself not to go so I won't undo my 50 pound weight loss. The best servers in this place are Raul, Alejandra, and Favian. Please do not be afraid to mention you got their names from a food review and now you're giving them a shot personally. If you use that bit of information you will turn up the performance to enhance your experience. Trust me this stuff works. And if you are a humorous person choose Raul and add to your server 411 that you read he was a funny guy. And Raul will come alive in a very tasteful professional way. I say these things because I am about the experience and the food comes second to the experience. I am a service queen first and the food is second because I will not spend my money on people who are rude, unappreciative, and obscene in the food world. Why should I, there is much competition and someone else would love to take my money and give me what I pay for and what I come in for. SERVICE, SERVICE, AND THEN FOOD, but by no means does that take away the quality I expect on my plate.  These servers give you true American service with polite and respectful smiles especially if you're nice and not a grouchy / bossy patron. They demonstrate customer service that you just do not see in Mexican places usually. Believe me because some of these places out there make me HEATED!   :-( So pick based on male or female depending on what you want and they will not disappoint. Keeping in mind every great server is entitled to a mistake. They are human not God. You just ask for them by name when you ask for a table. And depending on who's working hopefully you will get one of these three. They do have happy hour food and drinks too from 3 pm to 6 pm, Wednesday thru Friday. They are closed on Mondays and they close early Tuesday at 3pm... and the rest of the week is until about 8pm or 9pm. I'm not sure of the later hours because I do not eat that late. Any business that can pick a schedule like this proves they make money and they're putting quality on the plate or how would they survive with this kind of schedule! THINK ABOUT IT! Enjoy and if you come for the first time and leave full and happy think of me saying... I TOLD YOU SO.... LOLTHX for listening....NIA
5	I am reviewing Guadalajara's after eating here for the third time. I'm from out of town and my father-in-law turned me on to this place. It was one of his favorites. The food here never disappoints. You can taste the passion in every bite; especially in the salsa which is just the right amount of hot and blowing up with flavor. My only regret is that it was too early in the day to enjoy one of their tasty margaritas. I guess we will need to go back soon.
5	Coming from California I was very pleasantly surprised to find a gem of a Mexican restaurant!!!! Chili verde con papas is delish and the garlic shrimp plate yummy!!!!!! Will come again while visiting Phoenix
4	I (finally) tried Comedor Guadalajara with a friend in from out of town last weekend. I was surprised by how busy they were on a Sunday at lunch time- there were people crowded in front of the restaurant and they announced names over an intercom. Whoa. We were seated fairly quickly in the (extremely large) dining room and service was efficient from that point on. The chips and salsa were more like chips and hot sauce, but they tasted good... I love the spiciness of the sauce and put it on everything. When it came to ordering, we were a little disappointed. My friend is a vegetarian and thought Mexican food would be no problem, but our waitress didn't know of almost anything on the menu that was vegetarian (most items have lard). He ended up getting cheese enchiladas and thought they were pretty 'meh.' Here's the real kicker though, I got the chicken burrito, which was absolutely delicious.... the chicken was juicy and cooked well... but the burrito mainly consisted of fantastic and flavorful grilled veggies...the type that would be perfect for a vegetarian perhaps.... hmmm. Anyway, other than that mishap, I really enjoyed my burrito and would go back to get it again. PS prices were reasonable, especially at lunch, and the portions were large.
5	I have now eaten here several times and I have to say that the food is consistently top notch, and the service is always excellent.  I drive several miles across town to eat here frequently. Definitely. Worth the drive.
4	I have been coming here for 10 years for good quality Mexican food and that is what I get all of the time.. The service is great and the chips and salsa spicy and amazing. Def going back for more when I am craving homemade Mexican food the way my nana makes it!
4	I liked the carne asada cheese crisp and ceviche a lot. I ordered the carne asada chimichanga enchilada style (meaning they put some sauce on top). I thought the sauce was good, but the meat itself was only ok. I was generally satisfied with my meal though. The service was very nice. Also, the portions are huuuuuge, so come hungry or be prepared to take some food home afterward.
5	Comedor Guadalajara is one of the best Mexican restaurants in the valley. I highly recommend coming to this place. It has a great atmosphere; perfect for a work lunch, or even a date. When we arrived,we were greeted warmly by the two hosts. We were situated in one of their booths promptly. Our culinary experience began with a basket of chips and very delicious salsa. As an appetizer, we tried the Frijoles con Chorizo dip. One of the best I have had :) I also had Camarones y Pulpo a la Diabla (Shrimp & Octopus in hot chipotle sauce) . All I can say is I will definitely come back to try more of their dishes. It was absolutely phenomenal!! I also saw another table with Micheladas, so I will check those out as well.
