4	Boar's Head meat and thick toasted bread make these sandwiches some of my favorite.  The soups are okay, but put them in a fresh bread bowl and who cares?  The Southwestern Club is my fave with the tasty raspberry mustard.  The sandwiches are huge but they are so good you may not be able to stop after half of one.  The shop itself takes the minimalist approach so don't expect any fancy decor.
4	Great Food & Service, No Frills!This place is wonderful for a quick sandwich, soup, or pickle during your lunch break.  I had their Turkey and Avocado sandwich -- and it left my mouth watering long after the sandwich was gone.  They also have a great selection of Dr. Brown sodas (as well as the normal fountain selection).
4	Dilly's Deli is one of my favorite lunchtime destinations. They use Boar's Head meat and the bread is crisp and fresh. The deli offers a plethora of sandwich combos. I recommend the Honey Do (turkey, tomato and cheddar cheese with alfalfa sprouts and honey mustard). I've never had anything I didn't like at Dilly's. Their salads are hearty. Be sure to try the Greek salad. They're cookies are delightful and I love the large, zesty pickles. They also serve delicious bread bowls, which are huge. My favorite is the Wisonsin Cheese. Dilly's is a no-frills lunch and dinner hangout. It's usually filled with college students and young professionals. I recommend getting there at 1 p.m. if you go for lunch because there's usually a line out the door after Noon.
4	3.5 STARSFOOD: I love my sandwiches, and Dilly's always satisfies me. The sandwiches are pretty big. I like the Smokey Mountain because any sandwich with bacon in it is twice as good as those without! I think you get a free cookie with your sandwich, not sure though. PRICE: Around $7 for a sandwichATMOSPHERE: Nothing amazing, but definitely good enough to sit down at.SKINNY: For those of you who love your sandwiches for lunch, go to Dilly's Deli and you shouldn't be disappointed.
5	One of the only food places in AZ I miss! This place is just awesome, you order a half sandwich and the soup in a bread bowl and you've got yourself a food coma. The Wisconsin Cheddar soup is to die for. The dinning room isn't much more than some chairs and a few tables, but this place isn't about the dining, it's about the food. If they ever expand to the East Coast, I'll be the first person in line.
4	Although I would call myself a foodie, I have to admit that I tend to limit myself and order a sad protein salad whenever I am out at a restaurant....  Sometimes these salads astonish me, but often I am left drooling over the meal I see across from mine at the table.  Maybe this is because instead of seeing a beautiful bowl of pasta, I see another dimple of cellulite forming on my left thigh...gross. Anyways, moral of this story is that today at Dilly's Deli I broke my own cardinal rule and ordered none other than...a sandwich!  ::applause:: My dining partner choose the spot as a great place to celebrate the 60th day of my 60-day Bikram yoga challenge and WOW she made a great choice!  As other Yelpers noted, this is not the place for ambiance, but because I love my best friend so much, this issue did nothing for us.  We had plenty of hilarious post-church-types to stare at.  We each got a different sandwich so that we could trade and essentially try 2 different things.  My choice was the Mexi wrap-Grilled chicken, sour cream, avocado, colby/jack cheese, fresh salsa and jalapenos in a cilantro jalapeno tortilla.    Ashley M. ordered the Dilly bird-Turkey, avocado and cream cheese with alfalfa sproutsand mayo.  For our sides we tried the potato salad and chipoltle cole slaw and had to split a chocolate chip cookie for dessert.  100% loved the food!FRESH FRESH FRESH!  It was one of those meals that I walked away feeling completely satisfied!  I shall return!
5	I love this place.  The sandwiches are huge and the soups are awesome.  Priced from $6.99 and up for full sandwiches and $6.59 for half sandwich/soup combo, it can fill up big and small appetites alike.  I've had days where I would order the soup and sandwich combo and have just eaten the soup and take home the sandwich to finish off later because I'm stuffed from the soup and bread bowl.
3	Ok, I finally made it to Dilly's.  I can't say I was all that impressed.  The food was okay, the service sucked, and I don't really see what the big deal is about this place.I grew up eating real deli food.   This, is not real deli food.  It serves a very limited selection of menu options.  For starters, you only have 3 choices of bread. I got a half sandwich and half salad.  The food was good, a notch above "decent."  Good enough to eat on a regular basis becuase its near my place, but NOT deserving of a special out of the way trip.I dunno, I wouldnt NOT reccomend this place, but, I left unimpressed.  The Greek salad was good, the sandwich was good, but I feel like I left unsatisfied.
4	i go to Dilly's whenever i have the urge to slip into a carb coma because the portions are HUGE. we're talking one sandwich cut in half looks more like two full sandwiches.i always build my own to load up on the veggies (gotta pretend like i'm being healthy). the best thing is, you could request everything but the kitchen sink in your sandwich and the price never changes. in fact, you could probably request they throw in the kitchen sink, and the price would remain the same. it seems to be one of the only places that doesn't charge a premium for avocado.for people who like punch cards, Dilly's has one. as far as atmosphere, don't expect any. it gets crowded here during lunch and the service is not always friendly but always fast. it's a great place to go if you feel like wolfing down a gigantic sandwich before passing out at your desk.
4	LARGE sandwiches. Delicious wheat bread. Try the tuna salad sandwich. If you're not real hungry, be sure and order just half. By all means, when asked about condiments, ask for the Russian mustard--tasty!
4	Same great menu as the location on University but a whole lot less crowded (except during lunch rush). The sandwiches are all huge, so either order the half, which is really more like a 3/4, or be prepared to share. The sandwiches are all toasted panini style, too, on their signature bread.FYI - if you love avocado on your sandwich (I don't ... yuck!) they are far from generous with it. And, if you ask for extra be prepared to pay for it. My friend has tried to flirt, negotiate and argue her way into free/extra avocado. No dice!I usually go for the soup in a bread bowl, especially the Wisconsin cheddar. It has carrots and celery and is flavored with bacon. It qualifies as a "little piece of heavan" IMHO. About the only down side is that you will smell like the inside of the deli for the rest of the day. It's not a particularly bad smell (something like toast, cheese and bacon) but  it can make you crave more Dilly's even when you're stuffed.
5	My favorite place to grab a sandwich and wrap. You can't go wrong with either a sandwich one. .Hard to name a favorite item, since I've enjoyed them all.  Items I enjoy most are the Humdinger (pastrami), Yahoo (roast beef) Dilly Club, Southwestern club and the Mexi, Caesar and Southwest WrapsSandwiches and wraps are $6.99 and served with a pickle and one side-(chips, cookie)I really enjoy the Poore Bros chips served here, especially the bbq ranch flavor. The cookies are also pretty good.This location is less crowded then the Dilly's location closer to the ASU campus.
2	I've always been a fan of the Dilly Bird, it's just a delicious sandwich... I can't speak for all locations but the one in Mesa off of Southern was a real disappointment the other night.  I waited almost 30 minutes for a cold turkey sandwich!  After working all day and sitting in traffic for an hour the last thing I want to do is sit in a fast food joint for that long, especially when all the "kids" behind the counter are messing around talking about their homework and girlfriends or boyfriends and not working.  I have been going to this location for a dilly bird for longer than I can remember, but unfortunately I will not be returning any time soon unless someone can guarantee I wont have to sit and listen to teenagers for a half hour while I wait for a cold sandwich.
4	While working at Shirts and Things, we'd order lunch from here every once in awhile. I'd always get the bread bowl soup and have them put half potato, half broccoli and cheese. A great combination! The bread itself was also good. I would always get the Gobbler too, which is like Thanksgiving between bread: turkey, cranberry sauce, and stuffing on marble rye. Delicious!The delivery seemed pretty fast but the prices were a little high (around $7 for soup and bread or a sandwich is iffy for me).
4	This place is so good. I love the big sandwhiches and the soups are so delicious. The only complaint I have is that I went twice and I unfortunately got hair and a fingernail clipping in my soup in two different times I went.
4	I-LOVE-THIS-PLACE!!! Noodle soup in a bread bowl . . . can't go wrong, makes me happy every time!
4	Sure the food is good, but out of my last 20 take out orders they got it right maybe once.  The people making the food look so high you would think you were at Cheba Hut, but I just love that damn Broccoli and Wisconsin Cheese soup!  Their fresh dark rye bread is always great.I enjoy the Italian quite a bit and the wife LOVES their tuna salad.  Great healthy place for food if they aren't too high to get your order right.
3	Great bread and sandwiches. Nimrod employees.
4	Met a friend here for lunch this week and was STOKED to see that they brought back The Gobbler!Always a good, filling meal
5	Oh, the Gobbler. YUM.
5	Dilly's is a classic Arizona deli.  If you haven't been before, put it on your list.  From the Gobbler, to the Dilly Bird, to the Yahoo, you can't go wrong.  The service is also friendly and quick, perfect for a take-out order or dine-in.
5	1st comment: Booo for the road crew who is blocking off one of the main entrances to this great place. I feel bad that Dilly's is in pretty much a ghost town of a strip mall, and to have a bunch of pipe laying across the entry to it is really a shame and has to be hurting this small business. I make it a point to eat at Dilly's just really whenever humanly possible. The food is great, the staff is laid back, it is locally owned and has been around since I was in high school, so many good memories in this place.I go for the veggie supreme and add bacon. No I'm obviously not a vegetarian, but how many sandwich joints give you much more than the standard lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle routine? Dilly's veggie does cream cheese, lettuce, tomato, mushroom, cucumber, sprouts, and ranch. Topped with bacon, it is money.Soups are great. My one beef is that I wish that they would have some broth based options for soups. They give a shoutout to local AZ company Poore Brothers as the supplier for their chips, so you know they are a local business who is practicing what they preach. I for one love that.
5	Good food that won't break your bank. The sandwhiches are all stellar and the bread bowl soups are hearty and delicious. I stopped in once because of a coupon and I got hooked. My wife and I are in here at least once a month.
4	Chicken noodle in a bread bowl.  Sandwiches are good too :)
4	wow.....okay wow, this place is just great. Can I first comment on their portion size, HUGE! I had a half portion and that filled me up. It was my first time so I just got the B.L.T and it was so good, I'm thinking about it the next day! My husband had a side of potato salad (he's usually really critical of potato salad since he insists his moms is the best) and I swear he almost cried it was so good. My son had the kids ham and cheese and finished it! That's saying a lot for a very picky five year old. And to finish it off, I shared a sugar cookie with white frosting and sprinkles with my son and no lie it might have been the best cookie I've ever tasted!
5	Service is always great!The Dilly Bird and Wisconsin Cheese Soup are my regular favorites.I've never had anything there that wasn't good.  My kids even like it.Portions are large.
4	Delicious, fresh, flavorful, with a lot of meat and vegetarian options to please any discerning palate.  They also offer soups and salads, which I hear are equally as delicious, and many different options for sides.  It's sad to see that this plaza, which used to house Michael's and several other stores, is now nearly defunct, and the last remaining vestiges of this plaza's prime days is this deli, Pong Pong Chinese food, which is right next door, and a few other specialty stores.My favorite so far is the Southwest wrap.  The Buena Bella vegetarian sandwich, though touted as a healthy alternative, seems to be a bit too salty to make it really that healthy for you.
5	Yummy yummy yummy. My friends and I order from here at least 3 times a month. The Dilly Bird, Yahoo and the Reuben are absolutely delicious. It's a bit pricey but soooooo worth it. I simply love Dilly Deli :)
4	Dilly's features great, fresh sandwiches, salads and sides, served in generous portions, on a great variety of fresh breads.  The staff is always super-friendly and the joint is packed at lunch time, despite being in an otherwise almost completely dead strip mall that isn't doing anything to help draw in new blood.  Tip: go for the half sandwich and side or salad deal.  The "half" sandwich is much closer to a "full" sandwich, and it's a great value.  Part of the regular lunch rotation with the office gang.  Good stuff, Maynard!
4	Let me tell you about the Dilly Bird. First off, I'm not a fan of sandwiches: especially those that don't include salad somewhere in the name and have something you'd call lunch or deli meat inside. But the Dilly Bird is another thing altogether.  Usually I find turkey bland and dry, however theirs is flavorful and moist. It is sliced very thin and then stacked up in lots of layers. The wheat bread is fluffy, fresh and very delicious. Then it's got avocado whose inclusion has has never hurt any sandwich I've ever  had. And here is where it gets really good: it's also got sprouts and cream cheese. The sprouts give it some good bite and the cream cheese sweetens the whole thing into a YumYumYum moment. I highly recommend you all give the Dilly Bird a try, and while you are at it ask Dilly's to open a location that's near where I live. I really miss eating this sandwich but it's hard to justify driving 30 minutes/20 miles out of your way.
4	First time at this location, and it stands up with the rest the of the double d's. Sandwich was well made, delicious, and I wanted another after I was done.
3	Dilly's is a good place to go.  I enjoyed my food.  The one problem I have with places like this is the help.  The food is decent, but the help in places like this seems to not care.  I asked the girls who took my order to not put the honey vinaigrette on my sandwich, but to put light mayo on it.  The sandwich came with both Honey Vinaigrette and light may on it.  The Honey in the Vinaigrette was so prevalent, that all of you know, when honey is on bread it can get all over.  And this honey got all over my sandwich, my hands, my clothes, everywhere.  Not enjoyable.  The sandwich was good except for that.  I just wish places would start catering to the customers instead of taking us for granted all the time.
5	absolutely wonderfully delicioouuss!!! Dilly's Deli has a very large variety in the ingredients they offer which of course led me to taking forever to put together my order( but I was creating a masterpiece here) but after I finally got it together it was freaking delicious and hit every craving I was having. I got a turkey wrap with feta, cranberries, spinach, candid walnut, avocado and even raspberry vinaigrette on the side. I know it might not sound as delicious to you as it does to me but you get the idea of the creations you can put together here.Lover got a meat lovers sandwich and all of their soups come in a bread bowl. He tried the potato soup and had nothing negative to say about his order. Along with soup they have chips and other pasta salads you can get on this side as well. Food smelled so dang good, I couldn't help devour the only thing i could get my hands on while I was driving which was the huge delicious pickle that came with the meal :)
5	Warning, if you come here for lunch, you WILL wait. This is an amazing deli located between ASU, MCC, Banner Desert hospital and many other medical offices so it gets pretty busy but that should prove how good the food is. I highly recommend the Dilly Club but everything is great on their menu.One great perk is that they deliver. I've been a regular here since 2004.
5	Dilly Dally My Willy WackyBy The RueWhy do I always forget this place,When deciding on where to eat lunch,Here I could really stuff my face,It doesn't matter if it's dinner or brunch.My wonderful, tasty Honey Do,Alfalfa sprouts, turkey on whole wheat,Add a slice of cheddar for you,This sandwhich cannot be beat. Located not to far from the hospital, So you get a great crowd of nurses,The hotties who come here are pivotal,I'll stay until the crowd disperses. Get the soup in a bread bowl,Or a bag of chips if you please,Add a cookie for your hole,I'll say bless you after you sneeze. Bottom line is you cannot go wrong,You'll love whatever you order,Go home and hit the bong,And then make a run for the border. DEEEES NUTS!!!
3	Not too many things come to mind when thinking about Dilly's. They make tasty, super expensive sandwiches. (Usually around 15 bucks for a 'meal' here). I love a great sandwich but this place must clean up in profits. The sandwiches aren't quite inventive enough for me, considering most of the ingredients they use are run of the mill things. I guess kids eat free on weekends so that is fine. The decorations are as vanilla as you can get, and you can't really watch sports here. Sometimes they float around good coupons if you and a friend want to split the cost of one meal (again, be prepared to pay as much as a whole meal (7-8 bucks) at W.M. Sacks, a much better sandwich place with unfortunately limited hours). Come here if the only other options around it are known to be bland and/or fast food.
5	Dilly Bird.  That all I have to say!!!  The bread is amazing and the sandwich is awesome!!  I go at least once a month :)
4	Soup and sandwich combo is good, enough to split!
5	The deli is in a strip mall, very non-descript, and the deli itself is fairly plain on the inside, no frills.  The value is in the sandwich alone, and for this it gets 5 stars.  They offer a wide variety of sandwiches, wraps, salads, and soups -  and every sandwich seems to have a twist on your standard sub/deli sandwich, they have everything from a buffalo chicken sandwich to oven roasted portabella mushroom cap and your traditional veggie and italian types - ranging from 7-8$ most sit right at the 7.5 mark..  I tasted 4 sandwiches total outside my own and they were all rock solid performers.  I highly recommend this deli!FYI - on thier website, for the allergic type, they have a complete allergy profile of each of thier menu items - highly useful for the allergic folk, and very, very kind!
5	Solid restaurant. The place is directly west of the QT on the corner. Hoop in there and grab a dilly bird, and a cup of Wisconsin Cheese soup. Soup comes in a great bread bowl. The people working there are great to be around and they are always welcoming.
4	Big fan! I love me a good sammy and/or salad and they have both. They will even deliver to my office just for me. I don't think they have an order minimum. But I would recommend to order about 45 minutes ahead of when you will want to eat, they take a little while, but it's no big thang as long as you order at the right time. They are very accommodating as well, if an order isn't right or you are dissatisfied they will run over ASAP and fix it or they are happy to put a credit on your account for next time. My office orders from here some times as well, as long as you call them an hour in advance they will be right on time with your order. Their bread is awesome, their dark rye is my favorite. They have great chicken salad, I usually get their Chicken Salad Salad or the Chef salad.... their honey mustard dressing is the bomb! All their sides are yummy too, pasta salad, cottage cheese, potato salad.... and they have all kinds of chips and cookies and brownies. I also appreciate that they menu isn't huge, when a place has a billion thing on the menu its impossible to choose, they have just enough. Big Big fan!
5	Spock Wears PantsFriday I needed to order food,28 people what should I do? I'm going to go with a place I knew,Mr. T used to say "I pitty the foo".Dilly's Deli is just the thing,The sandwhiches will make everyone sing,Even if your arm is in a sling,And it doesn't take bling-bling.Faxed in an order at 10 O'clock,28 sack lunches, none for Spock,All their sandwhiches really rock,Doesn't matter if you're a nerd or jock.Southwestern club is what I ordered,Didn't make a run for the boarder,I'll bet your mom is a hoarder,Yes I am a skateboarder.All 28 sack lunches were correct,Nothing suffered from neglect,Buzz Aldren was a space cadet,Do not worry and do not fret.Food was delivered right on time,They don't serve beer or wine,The place is worth every dime,My favorite band isn't Sublime. Alphalfa SproutsThanks again Dilly's for accepting that huge order from me Friday.
4	My husband and I came here to eat before seeing a movie. He always wants to go eat at a deli place and I usually turn him down because I am not a big sandwich person. Normally deli places don't have very much selection and I can be very picky. However, I remembered Dilly's Deli is a place that I loved. They have bread bowl with broccoli and cheese soup or clam chowder. Yum. I suggested it to my husband and he was so excited. We ate there and of course I ordered a bread bowl and salad. My husband ordered a sandwich and a bread bowl. He loved it. Now we have a place to go to when y husband is craving a sandwich. I gave Dilly's 4 stars only because the floor looked kind of dirty and it needs some decorations. It is pretty depressing in there, but the food is great.
4	love the chicken noodle soup in bread bowl.  sandwiches are awesome as well.
5	Had the BBQ sandwich on Focaccia. Really good!
5	Can't say a single bad thing about this place. First of all it was the best customer service I've had in a long time. I think they bake their own bread & it's amazing. The meat was delicious & the veggies were fresh. Glad I work right down the street so I can eat here often.
5	I've been coming here since I was in college at ASU 15 years ago. I now live in Surprise and make the hour drive just to eat here about twice a month. BEST DELI EVER! Friendly staff, casual atmosphere and AMAZING food. My favorite is the Dilly Bird on rye with cheese soup. Eat here, you won't be disappointed :)
5	Great sandwich place, lots of variety.  Fresh bread.  Clean and great employees.
5	I went here with my dad yesterday just looking for an average sandwich. We got much more than just your average and sandwich.I ordered the italian on focacia with a side of pasta salad and my dad ordered the dilly club on white. Both sandwiches were amazing. Fresh meat, fresh veggies and delicious bread. I can't get over how good the focacia was. I might have to get every single sandwich I order from there on focacia!The pasta salad was also delicious. Would get again. All in all, for 7 dollars you get an enormous sandwich that is also delicious.
5	Hands down one of my favorite sandwich shops in the Valley. I don't eat meat often but Dilly's is one of those places that I "cheat" for because it is so good. Never had a bad experience, will continue going for a long time.
5	I always get the soup in a bread bowl and 1/2 a sandwich.  AMAZING!!  It's not your ordinary sandwich shop that's for sure.
5	Ate here recently w/ my daughter and her boyfriend - they are repeat 'offenders', so I wanted to see for myself..  Fresh veggies and meat on fresh bread - how could you go wrong??? I got "The Gobbler" and it was delicious (turkey, lettuce, cream cheese, cranberry concoction on focacia...oh, me, oh, my!!) and the macaroni salad was pretty good, too.  Potato salad not bad (but I'm from the South, so no one ever gets that "exactly" right for me haha).  Sad they were out of Tomato Bisque the day I was there, but that's on my "To Do" list, w/ the grilled cheese, of course.  Nice atmosphere, quick service, delicious food, and good prices. I'll be back!
4	This place is very good! I had the clam chowder and the BLT. Closest thing to the San Francisco Warf Clam Chowder you'll find based on the bread bowl alone. The BLT was crispy and fresh too.
4	I have to say that this was a regular stop for me and my friends during high school. We loved this place, but then a few years ago (5 or so) it took a serious nose dive. The portions lessened and the quality became really sloppy and staff seemed not to care. Eventually I just stopped going altogether. Then, last week I decided to give it another try. I have to say, they are back! Portions were large, the Southwest Club was as good as it use to be (recommend that you request that they go light on the raspberry mayo) and the soups are awesome. So happy that this place got back to it's roots; the very reason they were able to become a chain in the first place.Recently re-recommended :)
4	Great food, great prices, kids eat free on the weekends - what's not to like?  Watch out for the lunch crowds it can fill up fast
5	This restaurant is a staple for my office.  The food is always good and if you order ahead you can walk right up to the counter and your food will be ready without any waiting.  The only bad thing is the food is so good sometimes there are no seats but the table changeover is quick so just wait a couple of minutes and a chair will open up.
4	A must try! Great sandwiches - soups - and salads! Everything taste fresh and homemade. I especially love the bread and balsamic salad dressing! Once you try Dillys, you will never go to a chain sandwich shop again. The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because the sandwiches have less meat than they used to.
5	I have always loved Dilly's for sandwiches.  Their potato salad is one of my top two favorites of any that I have ever eaten.  I used to get the Honey-do, but their new menu doesn't have it, so I opted for another sandwich that was just as tasty with a sweet mustard on it.  I hadn't been to Dilly's in about a year because I moved to the Northwest Valley where they don't exist, so when I handed them my almost filled punch card, they told me they don't use them anymore.  All was not lost however, because they let me exchange my punch card for a free sandwich!  Done!  Gotta love Dilly's!
1	My colleague put in an order for lunch and I decided to order with her. When the order arrived, I received the wrong item and my colleague didn't receive the chips that came with her basket. We called back and asked for them to correct the order. We were given no apology, just a "well I don't know when the driver is going to be able to come back". When they did come back, my correct order was drenched in salad dressing, so much that it was coming out of both the packaging it was wrapped in as well as the carry-out bag. It was inedible. Furthermore, my colleague's chips were completely smashed (there was a hole in the bag like someone had popped it and when she opened it the chips were nothing but crumbs). It almost seems like it was all done on purpose. First and last time I'll be eating Dilly's Deli.
5	Dilly's deli is delicious! The bread makes the sandwiches! Love the gobbler it's like thanksgiving any day of the week! The soup bowls are great too! During the week this place is packed! You won't be disappointed!!!
4	First time visiting this location since my younger college-age days, but everything was great. I like the menu they have up (easier to read than the Chandler location) and the tables were all cleaned off about 2 seconds after people left them. Only 4 stars because my sandwich was kind of lacking in turkey - I got the Honey Do and while it tasted really good, the ratio of bread to meat was too heavy on the bread.
1	Unfortunately, I have to say that our experience was one that left us wishing we had gone somewhere else for lunch. I ordered a Tuna Melt on Wheat with Tomato Bisque soup, my husband had a Southwest sandwich on Sourdough and my son had Mac & Cheese. My Tuna Melt arrived on white as opposed to wheat, which is not a big deal. It was the flavor of the tuna that had me gagging. It tasted like it was 75% sweet relish and the "melt" part of the sandwich consisted of half melted American Cheese. Not what I expected, considering their high price point. The tomato bisque soup was bland and was much more bread bowl than a good serving of soup. The contents of my husbands sandwich were fair, but the sourdough bread was rock hard. It was like a sandwich on crostini. My son's Mac & Cheese was not fresh and was nothing more than Kraft, straight out of the box. Throw beverages and a brownie and we had a $25 meal that was far from worth it.To make matters worse, my husband went back inside to order lunch for a colleague and noticed that the man making the sandwiched paused his work several times to scratch his backside and the continued right on preparing food. I frequented Dilly's a lot at the University Dr and Scottsdale locations years ago and really miss their fresh sandwiches, piled high with fillings. The quality has really declined seemed to decline and it doesn't seem that you get your money's worth anymore.Needless to say, we won't be returning.
5	Dilly's deli is delicious! The fresh, homemade bread makes the sandwiches! Love the gobbler it's like thanksgiving any day of the week! The soup bowls are great too! During the week at lunchtime this place is packed! You won't be disappointed!!!
5	Has a bacon avocado turkey sandwich and creamy chicken soup bread bowl . All around very good and man the food was served fast!
5	This place has great sandwiches, sides, and soups. It's basically exactly what you would hope a deli spot would be: fast, affordable, and tasty. No complaints here.
5	This is a great place to eat. Today I ordered the combo (1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad) which was chicken salad on multigrain bread and a sweet leaf salad. My oh my. All that for just over $7 cannot be beat. I was so impressed by the freshness of everything. The salad: fresh whole-leaf spinach with feta cheese, walnuts, cranberries with balsamic vinegar.  It's been too long since I've eaten fresh lettuce at any lunch restaurant- bye bye Wendy's. The sandwich was stuffed with chicken chunks (not shredded) and the bread was toasted to perfection. I called up and ordered for pickup. Although the ASU location is closest to me it's very busy so I always opt for the new location at Price & Southern. A bit farther but never a wait. There is seating to accomodate about 10 tables. Friendly and healthy. Here is where you want to eat lunch!
3	The store is very clean, and looks a lot newer and bigger on the inside than it does on the outside. I got my order to go, which was chicken noodle in a bread bowl. The bread bowl was cold when I took it out of the bag, and I had to microwave it for a few seconds. The soup tasted amazing but the bread was pretty bland and got soggy VERY fast. Basically the bread bowl was just a dinner roll with a hole punched in the middle of it. I read someone else's review about the man scratching his behind and then returning to making the sandwiches and also thought that was pretty gross. I have to commend them for having the coke soda machine with over 100 flavors, though. I will probably just eat somewhere else next time, but it wasn't too bad of an experience.
4	I stopped here with my dad for a quick dinner. It took longer than expected to get two half sandwiches and two half salads, but it was worth the wait. Dilly's Deli has great sandwiches made with fresh ingredients. This place had very little decor and felt a little plain and empty. They did have some neat art painted on the walls though. They need to add some thing on the walls and tables. Maybe a few plants around the place (fake ones would work too). Overall, we were pleased with our meal and would recommend it.
5	I love this place! The staff are friendly, the building is always clean inside and out and the food is always just the way we order it! If you get delivery they are always here quicker than quoted! Keep up the good work guys!
2	So I decided to order food from them for lunch for myself and a coworker. The ordering was easy enough and I was told it would be here by 1215 ordered at 1140am... I though sure not a problem... It got here at 1230... After I called to ask what was taking so long. No apologies or nothing... If you say your going to be here at a specific time show up promptly! It's my lunch hour! It was shortened thanks to you and your employees who don't give a damn. 23 bucks for 2 half sandwiches and small salads after tip.. Shoulda ordered something good for this price. I got the turkey sandwich  and it was rather forgettable. I don't think I will be ordering from this establishment again. Shoulda just got in n out.
1	I went here today with my mom and my two kids. We ordered a sandwich and a salad and a drink and 2cookies.  I brought my kids meals since one is gluten free and one barely eats and didn't want to waste money on them.  We were done with our meal when i took my boys to the bathroom and saw that they have free kids meals on weekends when adults purchase meals! Wtf would they have the sign in the bathroom!! I could have got my kids meals all along!  The guy even charged us for the 2cookies when i could have got 2meals a drink and cookies for free!! It would have been nice for him to say when ordering hey kids meals are free today..i even had 2other adults join us so we had 4adult meals and not once did he say kids eat free..very disappointed..i just gave my kids water that i brought,they could have had juice or something else..not good service..when i was going to say something when we were leaving he was nowhere to be found..
5	Bomb.com!! I love Dilly's and just about everything on their menu. Some of my favorites are the Yahoo, Southwest Wrap, Sweet Leaf Turkey Wrap, Sweet Leaf Salad with Chicken, Blazin' Buffalo, Smokey Mountain, The Gobbler or any of their amazing hearty soups in a bread bowl! YUM! See I told you I love the whole menu!! I think I fell in love with Dilly's the first time I tried it! I'm lucky there has always a Dilly's location close to me. One of Arizona's local gems, in my opinion. Believe me, if you are having lunch with a friend and you don't know where to go, just go to Dilly's! They are pretty packed at lunch time for this reason, but I think they also allow call ahead or to-go orders. Oh yeah, I'm obsessed with their Focaccia bread. That is all.
2	Food is pretty good. Every single time I call for delivery they are not taking delivery orders. I'm done trying to order food from this place.If I'm ever near there, I will definitely stop by but that probably won't be anytime soon.
2	I got a whole sandwhich with roast beef and cheddar cheese and a small cup of soup.... it was over 11$.... hahaha I about laughed when she told me the total... I couldve gone to pf changs for the same price... yikes! I mean the food is decent but they barely give you any meat. Literally like its a couple slices of roast beef in between 2 pieces of white bread. The only reason I didnt walk away was because I was to lazy to go somewhere else. Feel like I got robbed in a way. The weird thig is that when I went to the one in scottsdale it was only 9 dollars for the same thing so im a little confused maybe the cashier doesnt know what shes doing?
5	Thinking of Dilly's focaccia bread makes my mouth water... Seriously this place is great and Ive been here or the other one in Tempe numerous times and never had a bad meal or bad service.Personally I love the Yahoo (on focaccia of course!) or if you want something a little lighter, go with the Southwest chicken wrap.
5	Dilly's Deli: Slices of Happiness. A simple sandwich will always lead the sandwich consumer down the road to happy town. Meat and cheese layered on top of warm bread is the key to a smile, and Dilly's is the key master. I picked up the Smokey Mountain, brought it home, and  I was transported back to happy town. Stop at this Deli, and find your road....
4	Love this place. Their Southwest Sandwich is awesome. Would have 5 stars if the pricing weren't so steep.
