5	The new place looks great and tastes even better! Even though it is bar food, it is excellent bar food! Try the sweet potato fries, their spinach artichoke pizza, or their spicy pineapple wings! Good stuff. The staff is friendly and accommodating.
4	Thursday two for one drink specials! You can't beat that. But of course that comes with a grain a salt... it is packed with undergrads and the parking can fill up leaving you to park across the street at del taco. Fortunately the place is a good size and there are entertaining music videos that accompanies the super loud music.
5	Great bar, just plain great.  I know 5 stars shouldn't be used carelessly but I think this place deserves it!  It's a sports bar with a bunch of TV's but doesn't 'feel' like one.  Read on....First off, it's clean.  For a bar that's down the street from a huge university (ASU), that's not an easy thing to maintain.  Clean facilities, tables, floors, glasses, etc....and we were there when it was pretty packed.Second; our server was fantastic!  She was very nice, attentive and it didn't hurt that she was a little cutie.  She always made sure we had beers and kept checking on us through the night.Third; food was really good.  The pizza was really, really good.  Like Italian restaurant good.  I was impressed with that fact alone.And lastly, if you like Guinness like I do, this place served it right and it tasted great!
5	I am really hard to please and I was very impressed. The remodel is great. There are lots of different areas inside and outside where you can enjoy all the TVs and music. I love the food, the service was outstandingand I really liked the books all over the place. I can see myself hanging here a lot.
2	I had lunch at the Devil's Advocate today with a few friends. It wasn't terrible, but not great -- mainly because of the food.The waitress was friendly and took our drink orders quickly, but then disappeared for a long time when we were ready to order food. I think she may have been the only waitress on duty, since she was helping people on the far side of the restaurant area. It was pretty slow, but that's stretching it a little thin.I ordered a BLT and sweet potato fries. Both sounded good, but didn't look so great when they arrived. The bread was grilled rather than toasted, so it was a little greasy and otherwise limp. I was happy that they served the mayo on the side, though a little cup of mayo is kind of unappealing to see. The lettuce and tomato were fresh, but the bacon was really odd. It was very similar to the kind of bacon you'd get in England, which is to say that it's sort of like Canadian bacon for pizza. Not crisp, greasy, stringy. Yuck. The sweet potato fries were pretty unappealing too. They were hot but limp and not particularly flavorful.The ambiance and decor was good, so if you're wanting a drink, it probably wouldn't be an issue. I liked the comfy chairs around the bar, and there were TVs everywhere so it'd be a great place for watching sports. (They had a World Cup game on but the broadcast was in Arabic, which makes zero sense to me.)
4	My favoite sports bar by far. I can't think of one thing I don't like. The foods awesome, the drinks are innexpensive, they've got deals every day, and the waitresses are extremely friendly.If you're looking for a place to hang out, watch the game, or have a great night, I'd definitely say go here. Every time.
4	This is a great bar near ASU.  It's got a good feel inside and though it can get crowded it never feels packed inside.  It attracts students, but isn't grimey and dirty like some bars near college towns can be.  The service is always good and the food is decent for a bar.  This is a great place to meet friends and have a few drinks on the weekend or to catch the game.  I would give this place 5 stars but I went once on a Friday night and they were OUT of Bud Light.  Unacceptable.
4	I've driven past this place a trillion times, and when my boyfriend suggested we watch one of the bowl games the other night, this place popped into my head. We were there on a Monday night and it wasn't very packed, just a few parties here and there. The place is very well kept and looks really nice. I described it to my friend as a "classy sports bar". Anyways, me and the boy grabbed a table and since I hadn't had dinner yet, I ordered the chicken rolls and some fries and he just had the pretzels. It was happy hour which was a plus, but the prices weren't outrageous to begin with. The description for the chicken rolls on the menu sounds far better than what they currently are (the server pointed out the change before I ordered them). They weren't terrible or anything, just pretty "meh" I guess. The fries were good though and they came in a huge tin. And my bf seemed to enjoy his pretzels. We had a few drinks while we were there, and there were plenty of tvs with various games on. I can imagine when school in session how crazy busy this place is, but the business is well deserved.
5	I made a conscious decision to go to the DA immediately following my review... I conquered the Hangover burger...3 patties, 3 cheeses, an onion ring, and a fried egg with bacon...YUMMMM  and if you go Mondays its BOGO burgers!!!!! Daily specials...pool...shuffle board... I'm on my way!!!
5	Devil's is my new favorite place in Tempe. I always seem to have a great time there watching the game good food and good people. I'm down with the Devil
4	I really liked this place, the food is very similar to applebee's or chilli's but I liked the food and atmosphere here a little better.  The portions were huge and the prices were dirt cheap.
4	Good burgers and apps.  the service is pretty good and the place has a special all the time.  I think everything is 1/2 price until 7!  Even when that ends they have something special.  Between the billion TV's and cheap booze I'm a fan.
5	This place is absolutely AMAZING! The food taste great and you get huge portions and the prices are lower than most places. It is very clean and has a comforting layout. It gets pretty packed at night with all of the ASU kids, so I enjoy going there for lunch or an early dinner so i can beat the crowd. They also have great drink specials and daily food specials as well. Overall, AWESOME place!
5	Great happy hour deals. $4.50 for a giant, nearly pitcher sized beer, solid appetizers, and good food. Lots of TV's, and a pool table or two. The only issue we had was the lack of table seating. For such a large building it seemed like there weren't that many tables. The bar takes up half of the floor space.
5	My favorite sports bar ever!  They have good deals and specials every night of the week.  Tacos on Tuesdays, pizzas on Wednesdays. 2-4-1 drinks on Thursdays 8pm-1am (my favorite), etc.  Happy hour 4-7 with 1/2 off all apps and drinks.Huge bar area to get serves fast, nice patio, flat screens everywhere, shuffle board, and pool.My only complaint is that they need larger bathrooms with more stalls; the lines get ridiculous on busy nights.
3	cool setup inside... get here early if you plan on coming to watch a game and want somewhere to sit. it gets very busy...and you will be shit outta luck when it comes to finding somewhere to plop your ass... other than that cool little spot!
4	Originally introduced to this bar via the Tempe Beerathon and most recently Road Runner Sports Third Thursday run, I have also stopped here a few times for a drink. This is becoming a favorite place of mine to hang out after work when I am looking for a quiet happy hour. If I am not going with a group of people and just want to hang alone or with another person, this spot is an excellent sports bar, has great happy hour prices, and good food. I have had the street tacos before - one night of the week they are $1. Small, but tasty. During happy hour 4-7 drinks are half price as is the food. I had the wings and while the hot had an underlying spicy flavor, they also seemed to be somewhat sweet. Either way they were good. I have also had chips and salsa before  - the chips are fresh and immediately out of the cooker and the salsa is spicy. They do have $1 pints, but I am confused when that happens. I thought it was 4-7, but it might have been until 4. When I received my bill my first 2 were $1, then others were $2. Still a good price.Oh, and I have to say - the staff at the Devil's Advocate is the hottest in town.
4	Comfortable chairs, plenty of room, NO COVER for UFC's. This place is good.
5	Awesome bar. Plus Kendra gave me free food aand I got to watch Boston kill Vancouver for the Stanley Cup finals. Yay!
1	You know, it's not just about the food and the drinks sometimes.  It's the service that can bring you back or not.  With that being said...what service!?  Gosh, maybe my Engrish not goo and you didn't hear me co-wreck-lee, but when I request for my check maybe someone should attend to me to get it rolling!  Didn't think trying to pay was such a huge ordeal!  We even had someone go and chase down our "waitress" to ask for some help, but the Devil had other plans and she played a disappearing act.  However, before the Devil gets to me --- drinks at this place wasn't too bad - Enjoy!
3	another college bar, just away from Mill but still the same old. Cheap drinks on Thursday. Music is ok, the parking lot is fantastic and if you want to avoid running into your students, better check somewhere else.
3	Nice.  Clean.  Young atmosphere.  I liked the comfy looking seats around the bar.  Great happy hour prices.  Enjoyed a small order of celery and carrots with hot wing sauce.  Mmmmm...
5	A solid "college bar".  Good specials, and lots of fun stuff to occupy your time while you drink (such as shuffle board.)  Nice patio with TVs and a good number of seats. The bar is not a very efficient shape, but a small negative among many positives.
4	ALL DRINKS at 1/2 price during happy hour 4-7p. appetizers as well. first couple times around id say the food takes a passenger seat to zipps. for instance the 'sundevil gold' wings are similar to zipps 'golden' but just doesnt have that same bite, ya know. but still a lot to try. and there is not a zipps in tempe, so this is probably the next best thing.2-3 times the draft selection as zipps as well. pacifico on draft is nice! daily (outside hh) food/drink specials to browse on the websiteoutdoor patio is probably nice but havent had the chance to chill out there.a pool table and shuffleboard, tvs, etc, etc.. a fair amount of co-eds to gawk at too. ill return.
4	I love this place. It's the closest bar within walking distance to me and I take advantage of that! They have good deals on Thursday nights and it gets packed on the patio. I usually see people I know from school or around town from time to time here. The staff is pretty good. I usually have good service. I like the Aloha Chicken sandwich or the Hawaiian pizza with a tall Blue Moon. They also have big flat screen tv's for football games!
1	If you are a guy, go to this bar, if you are female, don't bother. I have tried this place 5 or 6  times in the past 6 months and every time I receive poor service. I keep trying because they have one of my favorite beers on-tap and it is close to my place. I think the problem may be that I am female and 46, but I go with my 21 y.o. daughter. I've been there when its slow and busy, and each time they pretty much ignore us but serve all the males around us. I waitresses all through college and my daughter just finished bartending school so we know and understand the industry and problems that can come up to slow service BUT when the  bartenders and servers are standing around talking about what they did last night, or talking to male customers while I'm waiting patiently to get served - there's no excuse. We also usually go about 4-5pm during the week, but have gone on Sunday afternoon for football games.
4	I'm a huge fan of this place. This is one of my go-tos in the North Tempe area. Happy Hour: Their happy hour is pretty good, getting a 4/5. They do 1/2 off all drinks and appetizers 4-7pm on weeknights. There are also pretty good daily specials such as Taco Tuesday and Pizza...Thursday? Regardless, their food is pretty good for the price and their bartenders do not skimp on the liquor in well drinks, regardless of whether it's happy hour. Thursdays beginning at 9 is buy one get one all well drinks, too.The service is okay, but you can't be TOO expectant since they usually seem staffed pretty thin and the place is pretty much always busy. The staff is attentive, though, however infrequent they may be able to get to your table.The ambience is awesome. They have leather armchairs at the bar and the entire place is done in wood and bookshelves. Its mostly a sports bar, but it's also a great college hangout spot. I've had some great nights here.When it's cold, they have heaters out on the patio along with two fire pits in a seating area/lounge. They allow smoking outside on the patio too.
4	I am now a fan, after having a bad experience here, the owner read my review and sent me a very personal apology.  Thanks!  That was very considerate and will create more business for you!Happy new year!!!This place is great if you love unattentive, lazy, worthless bartenders.With four deadbeats behind the bar and only 10 people actually at the bar it should take less than 10 minutes to get a drink, not the case.  The waitress are little better.  The band  rocked!  Some dude puked right in the front dead center of the bar and everybody bailed off that end, these four genius'  had no idea.   It took almost 15 minutes before anyone even wiped the bartop muchless the floor which took another 10...  Suck..  but the band rocked!  Kung fu grip rules!Don't let this go to your heads boys but you suck as bartenders, stick to the roids.Lazy and lame.
2	Stopped by to grab a bite to eat.  The lettuce didn't seem to be washed, but it was alright.  Nothing special, really.  They have lots of TVs (even in the bathrooms) and it looked like they had good drinks, so probably way better if you're going there for booze and a football game instead of lunch.
2	I strongly dislike the food here, and there have been a number of occurrences where bartender basically screwed my boyfriend over and what not.  If i had it my way i would not come back to this establishment for the life of me. I am not a horny college kid that is here to stare at girls in shorts and their boobs all night.  They have a decent Thursday night special on drinks but i am over that stage in my life where i want to go out and get wasted and drink til i cannot remember type B.S.I would rather go somewhere get a good deal on better beer and wine and have maybe one or two drinks tops with DELICIOUS food. Not crummy food. How can you have a special going on and have nasty food? I think the reason people give such high scores is for 1. The Girls 2. Their drink specials 3. they are drunk and love the food. Yeah its like all the drunken idiots that love Denny's. Seriously? Denny's? Get out of here with that! "Nobody goes to Denny's, People end up at Denny's"  If it were me drinking like these college kids and looking to go out i would rather drink at home to pre game and save money then  go to the bars. That is just me I am thinking logically at the moment!  As i am looking at the reviews on the right hand side majority of my top 3 ideas as to why people are giving such high ratings and i can bet you one other thing is because they are single and have all the time in the world to come here for that special that isn't as great as it used to be. Anytime my boyfriend brings up the name i cringe and want to stay home.
3	Devil's Advocate (or "D.A." as many of my friends call it) is quite, well, bipolar.  During the day it's a relatively nice bar with shuffleboard, sports, and plenty of seating.  During the night, especially on weekends (Thu-Sat), it's a jam-packed college bar.The food is actually pretty good.  The portions are generous, and their burgers are especially well-built.  It's not cheap, but it's not particularly pricy, either.  About the same price range as a Chili's.  Tip: if you're looking for a deal, keep your eye on Groupon - they often have Groupon Now deals where you get something like $20 worth of food for $10.  Drinks are excluded though, which is unfortunate, but there's usually a good daily special.As far as drink selection goes, it's okay.  They have a decent number of beers on tap, but their bar is definitely built for crappy "get you drunk cheap" drinks.  They have very little in the way of top shelf stuff, so if you want an even moderately sophisticated cocktail, look elsewhere.  However, if you want grain alcohol in some kind of fruit juice, they'll get it done.The bartenders are okay.  They're friendly, but they're not particularly knowledgeable about even basics.  The first time I was there I asked them what kind of single malt scotches they had, and it took a committee of five of them to come up with Makers Mark.  That's a lot of brain power to offer a bourbon as a scotch.  I later found that the only scotch they do have is Walker (I may have seen a Dewars floating around, too).  Not my favorite.  Would it kill to have a bottle of Glenlivet sitting around?During the evenings, this place is very packed, and I have a funny feeling that there are lots of underaged people bouncing around inside with fake IDs.  Sometimes this place gets so packed that you can't even walk around or get a drink in a reasonable amount of time.  If you're into that, go for it - it's a great college crowd.  It's not my thing anymore, but I'm not taking off stars for it.  Just be aware that the fire marshal would probably throw a fit if he saw how packed they let this place get.  As far as dancing goes, there's really not any, which is fine, but don't expect to be showing off your moves here.  There is often live music, and it's usually pretty decent.If you're looking for a deal, try them on Thursdays - they have a standing 2 for 1 special.  The drinks are pretty cheap already, and when they're buy one get one free, well, now, that's just a bargain.  BE WARNED, THOUGH!  They are VERY generous with their drinks.  I ordered a gin and tonic and it came to me in a pint glass.  Actually, because it was 2 for 1 Thursday, it came to me in a pint glass with a second G&T in another pint glass.  That was a great deal, but the cab I ended up taking home somewhat offset the savings.All-in-all, this is a decent place.  It's good for a nice lunch, and a great party spot on the weekends.  I wish they had a better selection and a more competent serving staff, and I REALLY wish they would let fewer people in so if feels more like a busy bar and less like a boxcar full of cattle.If you're in Tempe, try it out.
3	I should clarify that when I said there are what seems to be a lot of patrons who are underage, it is not the fault of the bar or their bouncers, at least from what I can tell.  They ID everyone.  I've been ID'd every time I've come here (as have my friends), and I don't look under 21.  I've also stood near the door and seen the bouncers check everyone.  Those who are underage would be getting in with fake IDs.  Just an update to make sure that part of my prior review didn't sound like I was importing fault on to the establishment for that.
5	If i remembered correctly... Thursday nights they have BOGO(buy one get one) drinks. We had some adios and long islands all around, boy was it awesome. Pretty packed here. Filled with lots college kids and some older adults in certain areas. There are TVs and funny signs around this place. Must read them, pretty funny. :) Will definitely come here again when I visit.great place to be with a group of friends.
4	Had a great grilled chicken sandwich, my eyes where bigger than my stomach. I like the atmosphere & all of the quotes on the wall.
5	Nice place good food I would recommend anyone wanting to watch the game a lot of T.V's lot's off Specials
5	My go to bar in college and still one of my favorite spots.Everyone knows of the infamous Thursdays nights and gameday madness that makes Devils Advocate the go to college bar but I have a new found love for this bar as my go to lunch spot! By far the BEST lunch happy hour I have come across! Buy one get one burgers, $1 tacos, BOGO pizzas, and $1 domestic pints. All the food is awesome especially the tacos, and a cold beer is a great addition to the work day. Adam, the manager, always makes us feel welcome and typically the bartending/waiting staff is quick and friendly.If you don't like crowds avoid Thursday nights, especially during school. Keep it up DA!
5	Great daily specials on food and drinks. A place to hang out where you'll see quite a few of the ASU athletes hanging out too. Hard to beat the atmosphere for any ASU fans looking to get their drink and eat on. Tons of TVs, the outdoor patio is great on cool evenings, and a variety of places to sit whether at the bar, a back corner table, out on the patio, or a high top table.
4	Best daily deals! Perfect for college students - deals change daily.Taco Tuesday and Karaoke Wednesday are personally favorites, always a fun and friendly atmosphere - packed on the weekends!
2	well the owner contacted me, apologized, and offered for me to come in and give it another try on him.....I declined because I knew it wouldn't be a real second chance for his staff to treat me as a valued customer, they would know to expect me. I may return some time again, will report back then.
4	This place is good for meeting people for happy hour or going out with a group. Drinks range from cheap to reasonable in price and they have a good selection of beers and liquor (tough luck if you have high-class wine taste). If you're hungry, they have a good-sized menu that's much better than your average bar fare.On a side note, this place is great for day drinking: $1 Bud/Miller/Coors Lights before 4:00.
4	I've always wanted to stop in here but never got the chance. I finally checked it out last night after work. They always have something going on here. Wednesday they have karaoke and Sunday they have trivia. Thursdays are two for one drinks and its packed. They also have drink specials every day. We were starving so we ordered a pizza, burger, and wings (the wings were $5 on Sunday). It was all delicious but way too much food. We ended up taking at least half of it home. The service was great. The bartender had great suggestions and was on top of things without being annoying. We are looking forward to going here again for karaoke or trivia!
3	This place was really cool and I loved going. I THOUGHT it was buy 1, get 1 drinks but appreantly not. I asked for 2  Bud Lights thinking because of the deal I would get 4 but I got 2 and was charged $4.50. IDk
5	Well its a sports bar with AWESOMENESS!!!  Great specials during the week and a staff that helps to maintain the fun levels without overplaying the "keep it down fellas."  Adam has been my drink faciliator many a times and he's been great with service and explaining some the new beers that come onto tap.  Taco Tuesday is the place to be and with the amount of tv's, pool table, shoot'em up type games and great staff this is the place to go with a group of friends looking to reunite and remember all the blurry and forgotten nights again!  Being close to ASU helps to keep the crowds up if your looking for energy and during the week it cools down just enough to hold a few laughs and good convo.  I'm committed to this place for the food as well.  It's pub grub but its good pub grub damnit!!!
5	Reunited, and it feels so goooooddd! Best deals on booze in Tempe, great atmosphere, love the true Sun Devil feel with all of the posters and the "library"
4	OK, Devil's Advocate Bar & Grill is a package. You get the combination of a studenticos hangout bar, and a sports bar. And it works. I came in and sat at the bar, ordered a beer and some wings. Actually, I ordered alot of wings. They showed up quickly and they were excellent. I say again, the wings are excellent. The service is a little confusing, because I was never serviced by the same person twice - but the personnel is polite and quick. The only negative I can say is that it was loud in here, very loud. Maybe because of the football game that was on - but even so a little too loud for any kind of natural conversation. Summary. Its nice, clean and have a good atmosphere. The wings are rockin' and the service is great. I will be a return customer... und das ist nach der kritiker.
3	Loved the name of this place, so i needed to investigate another happy hour. This HH goes til 7 with 1/2 price beer and a food specials menu consisting mostly of bar stuff. The $2 pretzel was killer; hot and buttery and had a decent queso dip on side. Not the same luck on the $4 street tacos. The chicken is thigh meat and the steak had no resemblence to steak or carne asada and the tacos were loaded with too much sauce and cheap cabbage. Pretty average beer selection and not all seats at the bar can view the tv screens. Nice patio though and there was one pizza with potatoes that looked unique that i need to try on next visit.  Not packed at all for monday night football.
3	We live in the way Northwest Valley and don't go to Tempe often but we were at Tempe Town Lake for the JDRF walk and they handed out coupons and 25% of the proceeds were being donated, so we decided to try this place.  I can see how happy hour would be fun for college students.  The service and food weren't that great.  Considering we were the only people in there at 1045am, I thought they would be more attentive.  I had the Frisco burger which was way over cooked and dry.  I was surprised they didn't have a plain burger or even ask how I wanted mine cooked.  My husband had the chicken fingers which were amazing.  I ended up eating one of those because they were absolutely huge!  I would recommend those to anyone.  Our friend had the burger with the egg and onion rings and he said it was fantastic.  They do have a large selection of beer on tap and serve Coke products.  I don't think we would go back to eat, but maybe for happy hour drinks.
2	Cool Sports Bar but the food was sub-par and Bland. Loved the Bloody Mary Bar but would not eat there again.
5	Chill atmosphere, great food specials, definitely a weekly and HH hangout!
5	This is the best bar and grill in Tempe. All of the food is tasty and there is big list of drafts. The rotating specials are great especially Taco Tuesday, Thursday night 2-for1, and their $1 Coors Light drafts during lunch hour. Devil's has so many TVs around the bar, you'll never have a problem watching a game. The servers are always quick and work hard. They also handle large groups well.The huge parking lot is a plus since you'll never spend time searching for a spot like on Mill. Huge convenience factor.
4	Food is real good & they have a descent variety of beers.Waitress was real nice; I have no complaints.  I only gave it four stars, instead of five because of my own preferences; which has nothing to do with their service or quality of food, just preference.If you like fun & local college type bars, you will love this place!
4	Good happy hour specials. The cheese dip is AWESOME. Period. The rest of it is standard bar food. Staff is pretty good and will change games on tv upon request.
4	Met up with some friends for his birthday. We had a blast the bartender was nice and friendly offered different types of beer I have never had before. Defiantly one of my new favorite bars.
2	I wanted to like this place because the girl was so nice over the phone when I asked if I could bring my dog to the patio. For the place not being all that busy the service was horribly slow. My poor dog and I waited an obscene amount of time on the hot patio for water and beer respectively - we're talking 30+ minutes. Can't comment too much on the food because by the time we finally got our appetizer of chips and guac (which wasn't horrible, but not great) we decided to head elsewhere.
2	Meh. There are so many other better bars in Tempe so I am not sure I would be back.  Went for a Wednesday night happy hour for cheap drinks and food.  Had 2 Devilritas, pretty tasty for $3 each. Husband had 2 beers at a good price.  The environment was nice and waitress friendly & attentive, but the food was not that great. Ordered the $6 buffalo pizza. Sauce was way to peppery and hot for my liking. Chicken rolls ok, but really heavy. Chips and dip trio also just ok.  I'm glad we only spent $31 for all of that food. Maybe the food reviews on here are good because everything tastes better when you are intoxicated.
4	Good food, great drink deals, and will be a poppin' spot when school starts
1	Worst service ive ever had. We sat down and didnt get service for at least half an hour. I would never come here again.
3	Gooooo Devils!!!!!!! =)I came here for the first time with a friend for happy hour. He said they have pretty good specials and everything was half off. I got the happy hour menu and ordered the Devils Island. Beware when drinking this! It's like a long island but better and extremely strong! I also ordered the nachos which were pretty good. I really liked the melted cheese that they used. It was quite yummy. I'm giving this place a 3 star because the happy menu is quite confusing. It gives you a list of items of food happy hour items, then on the back is the drink menu. However, those drinks were NOT on happy hour. So apparently mine was not. My friend ordered a regular long island and the waitress didn't even know if it was on happy hour or not. Seems like she wasn't very knowledgeable of the happy hour menu. If you go to their website they have an entirely different happy hour menu. It's quite confusing. I think it's a really good place to hang out with friends for a drink or watch the game. I really liked my drink and nachos. I'd come back, but I definitely think they need to create a better happy hour menu for their customers and their staff needs to be more knowledgeable with it..
5	The food at Devils is surprisingly really good, defiantly surprised at the quality they had to offer. Although the service wasn't the best I've seen (as previous reviewers stated) their food and fun bar atmosphere definitely make up for it. Will absolutely be returning to devils this Sunday to watch the games!
2	Most people really like this place but I can't say I'm a fan. The food is pretty good and they have decent prices on drinks but I've had some pretty poor service when I've been there. I'm never one to complain about service but it has always been very slow and on one occasion the server told us the wrong happy hour prices and we ended up being charged way more than we were told. Maybe I've just had bad luck here but personally I have not been too impressed.
2	Haven't even had my order taken. 20 minutes since waitress told us she would go get a pen. Terrible service. She was the only waitress around since we got here. Finally a different waitress came and then told me I couldn't have all three meats on my sliders! Well policy is policy. But dang.
4	I think this is my place of choice for specials. There are specials (food and drink) every day of the week. Usually, the long island ice tea is my choice because it's only $4 on certain days. Also, $5 wings and $6 whole pizzas on other days. $5 giant mugs of beer too for the specials. A lot of times, I only go on days with the long island special. The food is not bad for a sports bar and grill. I had the steak nachos, pizza and wings before and they were good. Depending on the days, service could be slow especially if there is a college game day or just a lot of people there.What you should do is go on their website, see what they have on that day, and decide if you want to go. That's the best way to do it. Because some specials don't apply on college game days.And plan out your trip with the light rail if you don't want to drive. It's a 5 minute walking distance from the University and Rural station. Then go drink and take the rail back home. Or take the rail Mill Ave for more drinks.Like I said, check their website for the happy hour menu and the daily specials. Then decide if you want to go. There's also a sushi restaurant across the street, and a shwarma, Indian, Thai and pizza place next door too. If you don't want food at DA's, grab cheap drinks and go eat elsewhere.Or grab some drinks and go to Fedex Kinkos next door to hang out. I'm sure the employees will love that. ;)
5	I am an advocate for Devil's Advocate!This place has everything. Amazing specials on food and drinks every single day, plus they are Arizona State themed. It is the best place to be on game day for the excitement and camaraderie of fellow Sun Devil fans. This bar recently sponsored my boyfriend's adult hockey league, and I'm sure our group of friends brings in half of their business; not because the place is dead, but because we're there for days/nights a week.If you're looking for a place to get rowdy and yell at the TV, this is it.If you're looking for delicious and down to earth bar food and cheap but tasty drinks, hit the patio for lunch and enjoy the weather.If you're looking for a place to call yours, this is it.Devil's has it all!
2	This isn't the worst place I've been to, but was a long way from being a 5 star. The plus side was the cost of food and drinks. The drinks weren't bad. The food could use a little improvement but still was decent.This was my first time to DA and I can truly say I will never return. The staff seemed to lack communication and training. 1) We had a party and an area was "supposed" to be reserved for the group. Waiters sat people in our area. 2) We waited thirty minutes for our drinks. I waited another twenty minutes for another drink which I was informed was taken to the wrong table. The replacement was brought out in two minutes. 3) Food that was brought out by a helping waitress had no clue who or what table to take it to.If this place would work on its training I might consider coming back.
2	The staff wasn't very friendly. They weren't rude, they just came off as if they were waiting till it was time to go home. I ordered the fish and chips and I have to say, it was the greasiest fish I've ever had. I literally had to soak up the oil off the fish with a napkin. Something I would expect from a home meal. Not from a place where somebody cooks for a living. I was also charged twice on my card for two different amounts. I was with a friend, but we had two separate bills and two separate cards. I'm sure they will take care of it but I'm not sure how that happened in the first place. Probably from the staff members who seemed to have other things going on other than taking care of their patrons.
5	Devils advocate is a great college bar. It can also be a welcome break from Mill Ave.  the staff is friendly and easy in the eyes.  They have good drink and food specials almost every night of the week.  Some highlights include BOGO burgers on Monday, dollar tacos on Tuesday, and 241 drinks on Thursday.  Check it out and you won't be disappointed!
5	Great bar, the cheese sticks are awesome. Great Sunday specials and wonderful service. The bar is very clean and we loved our visit.
4	Come here on a Thursday and the bar will be packed for buy one get ones. Definitely the best deal near campus for thirsty Thursday. The weekend is definitely a more chill vibe with 10-15 people there on a Friday but with the live music it's pretty fun for a laid back night. Overall the staff is very attentive and it's worth checking out on Thursday.
2	If you like everything over cooked then The Devils Advocate is your place. I came here with two friends and our fries, onion rings, hamburger buns and hamburger patties were all over done. And the water tastes terrible. The only reedeeming quality was the plethora of different NCAA football games on Saturday
1	The bar tenders are rude. Went here with a few friends to day drink and they charged us for all the drinks that they messed up and did not make properly after telling us its on the house cause it was our bad. The food here is ok made my friend have food poising from chicken figures.. go figure.
3	Collage bar w a good vibe, adequate seating and lots if alcohol. Wings are good, the blue cheese is bomb...
4	Favorite happy hour 1/2 price drinks and apps. Best taco Tuesday of all time. $1 tasty street tacos that you can't beat anywhere.
5	Went there for Taco Tuesday last night and talk about a great deal! They have $1 taco, chicken, steak and carnitas. Wow they are good. You do have to have a beverage purchase, but they also have $2 Mexican drafts, so it's a great deal all around!There was also a live band playing as well. Bartenders are always very friendly and outgoing.
4	I decided to give this place a second chance and i was pleasantly surprised. The food was cooked very well and was delicious. The waitress i had was very attentive and my overall experience was a good one. I'll definitely be back for college football games this year. Go Sun Devil's!!
1	Dont go here if you want service. The servers are impossible to get service from. & when I did finally order I waited an hour and a half for nachos just to hear that "They gave my order away to another table".Wait another 30 mins.... finally get my order. & then when the bill comes not even comped or discounted.
4	This is my works favorite go to place to grab a drink after a long shift, they have good specials and a very unique interior. Go check it, you won't regret it!
1	Can't even write a full review because we sat for 10 minutes while 4 SERVERS sat talking by the bar. Made eye contact with two of them multiple times, but still no one came to our table. We left after 10 minutes, one saw us walking out and said nothing about it. They had maybe 4 other tables at the time. Worst service I've had in a long time, and absolutely will not be going back
3	A college type bar without the college kids roaming around. So take that in as your baseline. Food is good for late night eats, I wouldn't recommend this for dinner or a formal date. But what is great about this place is the ambiance and they have a decent beer selection.They are very accommodating when it comes to big groups, but I consistently have seen slow service, and it is hard to get a hold of the waitresses. We have had to literally flag then down every single time.
5	Great service, Lauren and the rest of the staff were awesome. The spinach salad with chicken is better than anything coming out of any fox concept restaurant. Great atmosphere for an ASU game. Go Devils.
3	So I come to the DA about once a week on Wednesday's for trivia. Our team usually takes it and with that, you get a $20 gift card, so Ive tried a lot on the menu here.Sometimes, they have good servers, other times you'll be lucky to get service within a half an hour. Their tator tots are usually good. They give you free refills on juice if you're not a big drinker and their pizzas are usually pretty good. I also like their Frisco Burger. That being said, the food here is usually super greasy to the point of god why did I eat that. Again there's exceptions, but most of the wraps are just kinda meh. If you order a Cobb Salad - good god its the size of a toddler's head, its good but jeez louise its massive. Hard to have conversations here sometimes because of how loud it is, but it is neighborhood-y and doesnt feel like a chain, so hazzah for ambiance.Final verdict: ordering a pizza is your best bet, the Hawaiian and Spinach pizzas are the best ones, the high top chairs can sometimes be uncomfortable and the tables wobble a lot. Peace out.
4	I love DA and my friends and I have DA as our go to home bar. The beer selection is awesome and this is the perfect place to watch a game.  My 3 favorite nights to go are Tuesday for 1$ Tacos and 2$ Mexican imports. Thursday for 2 for 1 drink night, just be ready for a literal shoulder to shoulder packed house, and Sunday for football and the bloody mary bar and the wing speical (10 for 5$ I believe). The service can be a little slow because the girls are usually stretched too thin but they're all awesome and very willing to accomodate whatever you need. Veronica and Lauren are two good ones!  Andy is usually behind the bar managing and is always willing to help you get your game on TV.  I've never had a bad time at DA its a great chill place to grab a drink and catch a game.
5	one word...yummy!!!
2	I actually like this bar, but if you decide to come on Tuesday, beware of the bartender, Veronica.  She's unbelievably rude...like ridiculously rude and will complete ignore you.  Fair warning
4	This place is rad, Brian B, sounds like you're pissed that Veronica didn't give you her phone #. This place is rad for Tuesdays and musicians. You should come check it out.
2	This is a sports bar & a great place to watch a game. Perfect for a bucket of beer, some wings & lots of noise. It's not a great place to order anything other than beer & wings. Unfortunately, we stopped in here for a quick lunch on our way to an ASU hockey game. We had 45 minutes & it wasn't enough time.The service started fine. We had sodas pretty quickly. But then it was another 10 to order, and another 30 to get our food. The food was terrible. We ordered the cheese sticks which were cold, and not melted at all on the inside. They were served on a gross piece of lettuce that was still wet. My BLT also had the wet nasty lettuce, and bacon crumbles... not even a strip of bacon. Hubby's sammy was also gross. However my son liked his wings. All in all - don't bother with this place unless you want wings & beer.
4	Decent happy hour. Great atmosphere. Draught beer could definitely be colder. Icy mug would help
5	Great place to chill. Watch the game. Great beer. Dancing. Dinning.  Lots of fun. Good food. Burgers. Wings.
