4	This is your average to slightly above average movie theatre. I'm giving it 4 stars since there is nothing to complain about. They have everything you would expect in a movie theatre from the snack concessions to a video game arcade. This place gets crowded on weekends so its best to come during off peak hours. This place is well located with Numero Uno and Starbucks in the vicinity.
4	Very popular place. For good reason. Beside an amazing 24 screens to choose from, there are tons of eating and shopping choices within walking distance. The contemporary music pumped throughout the parking lot sets a nice mood. The theater itself it clean, modern, and what you should expect from Harkins. But it you don't like crowds, or teenagers on a Friday night, this place isn't for you :)
3	Went here with the kids for Father's day (yea right, like this is what I wanted to do). Anyway, the parking lot here is huge and always packed! We eventually found a spot in the next zip code and managed to make it across 3-miles of 150 degree asphalt and into the place... Lucky for us it was well air conditioned. The refreshments here are good, but I have always wondered why a particular chain didn't blow away their competitors by offering outstanding gourmet popcorn, etc...Another gripe for all theaters is why the F do you think I want to watch 20min of previews? If the movie says it is going to start at 3:00pm then it should start at 3:00pm - I am already tired by the time the damn thing starts... if I get here early then torture me as much as you like.After much delay we saw Kung Fu Panda, and between the girls 1/2 dozen bathroom breaks, we enjoyed it.If this is as good as movie theaters get (and this is one of the best I have been to), there is a hell of a business opportunity just waiting out there.
4	I don't really have any compaints about this place. The only thing I would suggest is to come here on a Monday through Thursday because the weekends get real busy. Other than that, the theatre is always clean and they usually have all the current blockbusters.
4	I really enjoyed my experience here at this theatre on Saturday. Located within a little shopping area, with plenty of resturants to choose from.  Theatre was clean, staff was friendly and helpful.  They did have a self serve ticket machine out front to purchase your own tickets with.  I liked that, but the machine wouldnt accept my gift card, so I had to go to the window to use it instead.  Bummer.Aside from the astronomically high prices of movies this days, everything here was fine.  $9.75 a show?  Yikes.  tells you how much I go to the movies.
5	This is the most extraordinary theater I've ever been to. I love this place. I've only been in theater 11 so I'm not certain all of the others are the same, but this one has an incredible amount of leg room between the seats. Someone could literally walk down the aisle and not even brush against your legs. In addition, the clarity of the picture, the sound, the termperature... all perfect! I live down near San Tan mall and drive out of my way to this location to watch movies, thats how awesome it is.
4	Love this theater!  Probably my favorite in the Valley.  The location is great, none of my East Valley friends have a problem meeting here, since it's right off the 60.The staff is always friendly, the theaters and restrooms are clean.  The sounds is awesome, and the stadium style seating means that I never have to worry about who is sitting in front of me.  With plenty of theaters, there's always a good selection, if there's nothing good playing, it's Hollywood's fault.I love the shopping center it's in too, lots of great stores and restaurants near by.Now if they could just invent a laser that zaps those annoying plot talkers - you know the ones who sit there and say stuff like "Oooohh, is he gonna open the door?  Oh, he opened the door! Why did he open the door?  What do you think he's going to do now that the door is open?  Do you think he'll go through the door?"
2	So this is like a multiplex movie theater, right? Like one of the big ones? Yah, so they're like cookie cutter-ed from ground up, right? Yah, this one is similar to just about any other AMC that I've been to in AZ and CA as well as being similar to the multiplex Harkins and multiplex Century and multiplex... These places are not exceptional at all. They are all on average fairly clean and fairly well staffed and have the same overpriced beverages and food like products and have the same overpriced tickets. What I don't particularly like about AMC is their recent (as far as I noticed) change in student discounts. Thursday? that's it. F U rotten bastards. What I do like though is their lackadaisical attitude towards outside food. Woo hoo PF!But overall this particular AMC does not make itself any better or worse than just average. Again, probably would have given it a 3 but A-OK just sounds too happy and positive (ain't feelin' that) and I have most definitely experienced better. If you are looking for a theater that might be exceptional you should be warned the movies there are also more likely to be exceptional unlike your everyday multiplex flavored movies. There are some independent theaters out there that actually have some personality and pizazz and maybe even a sincere smile or two.
4	The AMC does a great job of using multiple theatres for the blockbuster movies. Although they are usually all quite full, I've never run into the disappointment of not getting to see a movie because it's only in one theatre. The staff is super friendly and I like that fact that I see "handicapable" folks on staff. I don't see that at Harkins. You can also usually bring in food and drinks from nearby establishments. They have started to prohibit that in other theatres but last week I didn't have that problem at AMC.AMC changed prices recently but I do like the early discount. Plus they do a great job in the summer of offering a kid's series on Wednesdays.
1	This more so goes for ALL corporate movie theaters...Do the major film companies still question why people download movies? How about the $7 minimum to get in? Way overpriced, extreme unhealthy food choices? Or sitting through 20-30 mins of ADS? $30-40 just to be marketed at. Sad days for the movie theater business.
4	Clean! Great theater seating with high views of a big screen. Seats did not recline, which was a bummer.
4	I have been here a couple times now, so I thought I should review it. The ticket prices are a bit higher than other theaters, but the drinks are cheaper....a wash I guess. I saw the Mechanic there this week and had an overall pleasant experience. Usually I hate going to the movies because of all the sick people coughing on my head but this time the theater was relatively empty and I had a blast. The sound system in the theater we were in was great. Clear and crisp. The movie quality was also good. The concession stand was quick, in and out with my food and drinks. Yep, definitely one of the better theaters in the valley.
3	I received a gift card to AMC for my birthday so I decided to take my daughter to see Rango last weekend.  A $25 gift card bought our admission but did not cover a kids snack box, a medium popcorn and small drink.  I have to shell out an extra $6.  And we went to a matinee!I spent $31.  The theater is a little older but still comfortable with stadium seating, movable arm rests, and cup holders.  When I sat down I noticed something slippery under my feet. It felt as though there was butter on the floor in front of my seat.  I didn't see anyone coming into the theater after the movie was over to clean up.  The bathroom was clean and there were plenty of stalls for when it's busy.  But I just cannot get over the price.  I have another AMC gift card but maybe next time I'll bring my large purse and bring snacks in with us.
4	I don't come to AMC very often, even though it is the closest to my house, has great parking, good movies.  And there is only one reason....THE HARKINS $1 SODA CUP!  Listen, AMC, get something similar and you will have my business every time.  I can't justify going into a movie theatre and paying $4 or $5 for a soda.  So you know what I did?  I snuck it in in my purse.  Paid at the kiosk so never really had to talk to a person.  I'm going to do this from now on if I go there.  I have a new purse, soda cup fits great without spilling.  GET A SODA CUP AMC!
4	Really, the only reason I'm posting a review is because we were told tonight that movies up until 5pm are $5. Score!! Apparently, it's due to not having any other discounts...no matter who/what you are?! Whatever the reason, it's a heck of a lot better than the $9.50 price!!Seats are comfy, theaters are clean, staff are friendly, and snacks are...well, snacks!
5	Ashlee & Kerry treat me to watch "The Green Lantern in 3D". Friday night June 24, 2011 6:30pm .... It was so Cool. As Usual Ryan Reynolds is just goofy funny.
4	Wow this is a really nice place. I've never visited this cinema before, but I was surprised. The restrooms are clean and modern, the theatre is a great size and they have a great selection at the snack bar. I will go back to this theatre for sure.
4	Family was out late, wanting to get out of the house. Mama had a gift card from AMC. Did not want to stop by West Gate! Coyotes had a game and it was going to be crowded! So we ended up in Mesa! Watched a movie around 10:00pm, very nice snack bar, just like anywhere else. Price is going to be a little high! Popcorn was great, and fresh! Seating were very comfortable. Over all we had a great time! Do not know if we will ever come back since we live in the West Valley!!! (West Side!!) But it was a great experience.
4	It's a nice theater. I wish it wasn't so expensive though.
3	Saw Hunger Games & the seats were decent as usual...but, the don't have Pepsi, the butter for the popcorn was out at 3 stations, and those 2 things deduct major points. Plus, the dang popcorn was $7.25. Dumb!
4	This place is close to my house so I love it.  I also like the convenience of having a decent selection restaurants right in the same parking lot.  Great place if you want to take the family to dinner and a movie.  Inside the place is clean and they have plenty of people at the window and also a few automated ticket kiosks which are nice.  The seating is nice and the sound quality is great.  They have a larger theater for the "hot" movies and it works great if you want to see something in 3D.
3	My girlfriend and I went to this theater mainly due to their $5 ticket prices on movies starting before a certain time of day. Once inside it was as expected from most theaters.. fairly clean lobby, bathrooms and theater. The entire staff seemed to be nothing but school age kids, but that doesn't bother me. It was a bit crowded but that can be expected on opening weekend of a summer blockbuster movie like Batman: The Dark Knight Rises.Food prices are outrageous like any other theater so I recommend eating before or after the movie at your restaurant of choice.
5	Love this theater.  It is conveniently located off US-60, they have the best pre-show entertainment with their First Look, they have the most comfortable stadium style seating, concessions selection is great, & the staff is helpful and friendly.  The stadium style seating is very important when you're short.  I have never had a viewing issue at any AMC Theater. =)
5	This is our preferred theater! Relatively close. Many movies showing. Not overcrowded (we avoid the weekends). Friendly staff. Big comfy theater seats. And clean bathrooms!! My spouse and I LOVE the $5 matinees. I noticed this deal wasn't offered this summer though. I also have a Stubs card. This gets me $10 off of concessions every time I spend $100 in tickets or food. This works great for us - a family of five. We spend $100 easy at the movies, especially since we almost always buy snacks.My spouse and I enjoyed Monday's matinee of the Dark Night. Only a handful of people were in the theater. Nice!
4	It's such a rare occasion to actually get to see an action movie in the theaters when you have a child. Don't get me wrong...I love cartoons on an unhealthy level...but sometimes, you just want some action...and you'd like to be able to share that action with your significant other.So, imagine my surprise when my wife informed me that the in-laws wanted to watch our daughter for a few hours so we could be magically whisked away to a world of make believe!Now, being a resident of Scottsdale, a movie theater in Mesa is kind of out of the way. But since the in-laws are in Chandler, this particular movie theater was playing the right movie at the right time for our needs.Now, being a Friday night, my wife and I were a little nervous about how crowded it might be. But, much to our surprise, we got great parking, and there were very few people in line (for the tickets OR the concessions).  Even so, we made sure to take extra precautions, and we purchased our $10.00 tickets in advance (thankfully, this particular theater allows movie-goers to purchase tickets on Fandago, and simply pick them up at any kiosk out front).Once we got our tickets and found out which theater was showing our movie, we headed for the concession stand. These menus have certainly changed a great deal over the years. Of course, they have the staples: popcorn, soda, and candy. This theater, however, has a much more robust menu, including nachos, hot dogs, and even personal pizzas from UNO Chicago Grill Pizza. To top it all off, underneath each menu item, it lists the caloric intake for each particular combo!Now, the theater itself was a typical theater with stadium seating. My wife and I are both relatively tall at 5' 10" and 6' 2" respectively, and we really enjoy leg room in a theater...I mean, if you're going to be stuck in one place for a couple of hours, you might as well be able to move around, right?  Well, this theater does boast a decent amount of leg room in their seats. However, much to our dismay, the seat backs were completely immobile. So, we could stretch out, but we couldn't lean back. (-1 Star)As the previews were about to start, I was a little nervous about the audio. The walls seemed to be paper thin, as you could clearly hear children playing one of the many video games spaced throughout the hallways. Also, this particular theater is a Sony Digital Theater. That might not sound odd to some, but I'm so familiar with Dolby Digital, I wasn't sure what to think. Well, it didn't take very long for everything outside those walls to disappear once the previews started. The sound system rocked the house!Now, I don't plan on going to this location on a regular basis being that it is so far away from where we actually live. However, I wanted to give fellow Yelpers peace of mind that they could expect a solid movie outing should they choose to visit this particular theater.
4	Close to my house, and usually have open seating. Prices have increased in the last year or so, but still cheaper then Harkens
4	It was way to cold in there. Nose was frozen. Need a winter cold or you would freeze. Theater was clean and spacious.
4	love amc
2	Oh AMC grand you sure have lost your lustre. At one time you were the best on par with Harkins and somewhere between the early 00s to now you're not exactly pageant queen material, more of the festival/parade queen. Your stadium seating although relevant is not as comfortable as Harkins. Wish you were the camelback esplanade coz that's the grand dame.
5	Love this place! they are so nice, Dropped my soda and they gave me a new one with no charge! the staff is always super friendly to
4	This location is our typical stop for movies and we are all about AMCs in general because of their comfortable spacious chairs. Took my son here a few weeks ago and planned on spending my gift card. I had gotten quite a few for Christmas so when the cashier told me I only had a couple bucks on it I was kind of surprised but paid the remaining in cash and didn't think much of it. After I got my home my boyfriend had told me we didn't have any other gift cards left and there was no way it only had 2 bucks left on it. I looked at the receipt and realized he charged my stubs card (rewards program) the two bucks, NOT my gift card and since he kept the gift card there was really no way to prove this or look it up. My receipt did show though that the stubs card was used and not the gift card. I called the next day and spoke with the manager and after explanation he asked me to come down and pick up 4 re-entry passes. When I got there he didn't ask questions he just took my word for it. Personally I feel he made up for the mistake and it's refreshing to have someone value their customers and want to make them happy. This location will remain our normal stop. The only reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is the staff is a little ditzy, and slow.
5	Came here for the opening night of Evil Dead.  Had I gone anywhere closer to the city, or at a bigger mall area, it would have been absolutely packed and pre-sold.  I love coming to this theater because the clientele isn't the typical talking, giggly, texty teen group.  Comfy seats.  AMC (so I can use my Stubs card).  Nice people work here.  Nice people see movies here.  Loved every movie experience I've had here.Strange how it's usually horror movie openings that I see here...Evil Dead...Paranormal 3...hmm...I see a trend.
4	I rarely go to the movies anymore because of the prices, but when I do go I only go to AMC's AM cinema because hey its only $5.  Thats real decent, but if the movie was terrible, at least you only blew five dollars on it.Now concessions.. please.  I rather go thirsty and hungry through a 3 hour movie than pay for any of their snacks.  Movie theaters are the worst when it comes to that.  Good thing there are plenty of restaurants nearby and even a Wal-Mart too.  I think people can do fine without food for at least 2 hours.If the theater didn't have AM Cinema, then I would probably give it 3 stars.  Overall it isn't a horrible theater, I've been to worse over the years.
1	Only came to AMC because we received a gift card. Their ticket prices suck, they do not honor my student discount and no Cherry Coke. Happy to throw money at Harkins hand over fist before I come back.
2	We had passes for a screening of "The Internship".  This was our first time here.  But it was not our first screening.  So we had definite expectations about how the screening would be handled.They didn't seem to be well-organized at managing the screening line, nor the "VIP" screening folks.  It was not quite a mosh-pit, but it wasn't orderly either.The theater itself was small.  The screen wasn't impressive.  The sound wasn't impressive.  It wasn't horrible, but not as good as other theaters I've been to.  The one really positive thing was the seating.  The seats were comfortable, and there was noticeably more leg room here than any other theater I've been to.  The space between rows clearly is significantly larger.  People can walk by you and you don't even have to move.  I wish all theaters had that much separation between rows.  It was great.I didn't get any snacks so can't comment on the concession stand.
4	We came on a Friday. It was fairly empty. I like that. I was with my dad and uncle. How's that for a fun Friday night? We watched 42, the movie was lame. But that's not AMC's fault. Floors were clean, screens were big, arm rests can be put up so I could lay across the back seat. Life is all good.
4	I will never be able to decide between this place and Harkins. I guess I'll have to have a secret relationship with both... Cons: Expensive drinks, with no cup you can reuse like Harkins. Chairs don't rock :( Yes I am a child inside and like to rock during my movies, don't judge. Pros: Cheaper movie tickets than Harkins, more comfortable seats, a cleaner feeling and last but not least... they keep it super cold! I'm from Flagstaff, yes that's a Pro!Recommended to all
2	Been here many times. The last time I was there I had to go close the door when the movie started. The staff that was there that day was horrible. And I always forget that their chairs are crappy. They don't move and are super uncomfortable. They only have one day a week for the student pricing. Their 3D movies seem to be outrageously priced. They were charging more then IMAX does. The only time it was worth going there was when they did the $5 movies Monday-Thursday all day. That was awesome! We were there almost every night!
1	So my husband and I had a gift cert to go to the movies. We chose to see pacific rim, which was a great movie, you should go see it. However we got to our theater and chose our seats, we were the only ones there as well. We just figured cause it was monday afternoon so thats why is was not so busy. My husband noticed a leak due to the rain storm and informed one of the staff. They did nothing. As the start time for the movie approached and passed and no previews started. He got up and went to ask why they didn't start the movie. They told him they moved it to another theater because of the leak. Not once did anyone come and tell us that information. Very rude. So as we walked to the other side of the theater, one of the employees handed us two free movie passes as a "we're sorry" gesture which was appreciated, but still very rude to not let us know. Also both times I used the restroom while I was there I had to deal with nastiness in the toilet. Almost all of the stalls had something gross in them. Clearly their to busy standing around chit chatting than to attend to the restrooms and make sure their clean.The rest of the theater was nice but  from now on we will be going to a different theater.
2	Feel free to show me a movie without 20 minutes of trailers and 3 commercials for AMC Theaters... I am already in thy theater you can stop selling...
4	We love the popcorn here. Sometimes the picture isn't the greatest for the theater but overall we love to go here and get rewarded for our movie going so that is fun.
4	clean and friendly staff.  Great prices before 11am and Mon-Thurs before 6pm its $5
2	Is this place closing down?  Hardly anyone there at all on a Saturday night at 8pm. I guess its good if you prefer light crowds. The concession stands are practically bare and the display screens at the box office are turned off.  Guess that Harkibs is taking over the area.
5	Very nice theatre in a great area with a lot of restaurants nearby. It was a little confusing as they had lines set up for the opening of the second Hunger Games movie. We were directed, loosely, in the direction of some lines and told that was where we were supposed to wait, but the sign did not indicate that the line was for our showing. Eventually we hand-wrote it on their sign since every person walking by was asking if it was the line for that showing. If they'd just double-checked their sign they could have kept a hundred people from being confused.All in all a nice, newer theatre. Staff was friendly. I was alarmed that the security guard carried a gun. Maybe that's necessary in Arizona? I don't know. But the experience was fairly on par with every other AMC theatre I've been in.
1	I just had the worst movie night in my life. All the customers at the movie theater were high and jerks. They also seemed to be buddies with the employees. It could be since it was Wednesday they were also employees? None of the staff would address the constant interruptions. I have not gone to that theater for 10 years, and I never will again. It is a shame because the theater is nice, clean, and well kept.
4	I do like this theater I just wish it wasn't so far from my house. I actually like going to theaters when it isn't very crowded because I don't like people. I am sure the theater isn't a fan of not having very many customers but I don't mind. The employees are pretty nice. The bathrooms are clean and there are a decent amount of stalls my only issue with the bathrooms is that I am not a fan of the faucets because they spray all over you when you wash your hands.
4	This theater can get a little crowded on weekends when bigger movies open up but otherwise it's never busy. I've been here during the weekdays when it is a ghost town but no matter when I've gone, I have received great service. I personally like the seats and the bathrooms here over other competitors.
2	Decided to go to AMC for a change. We had not been there for some time and it was my favorite chain growing up.  Wow have the prices sky rocketed at AMC in recent years.  We were shocked.  A $30 to $40 jaunt at Harkins turned into an $85 dollar day with the family at AMC.  Huge difference.AMC doesn't even have rocker chairs or any other features that stand out from the other chains we visit.  The concessions have always been high at the movies but AMC is taking it to new heights.  Probably the last time we visit an AMC theater.  It's a shame because I have fond memories of AMC.
4	This is a real legit theater. Weekends is when its pretty busy, but other than that its usually never busy. Good for people who like not so crowded theaters.
3	Enjoyed the movie, clean theater, but completely inappropriate movie poster by the bathrooms of Cameron Diaz in her underwear. It's one thing if someone chooses to go to a movie with things like that in it but another to go to the movies to see how to train your dragon and young kids are seeing that poster.
3	I usually go to Harkins, but I find that AMC is not bad either. Although the prices of the tickets are more expensive... I mean, both chains are practically the same. People realy just choose a location that's the closest or have the most convenient showtimes.Chairs are pretty decent and not too uncomfortable. It's your standard movie theater experience. This plaza location does have some nice places to eat nearby including an In & Out Burger. However, this location is not a mall. It's just a plaza.
2	My wife and I had a rather unpleasant start to our evening on Saturday the 2nd of August.  We arrived early for a movie and witnessed a couple security guards harass a couple kids.  They were standing with a sign that said "Free Coke for a Hug".  People were going up to them and taking pics etc... not big numbers... one or two here and there..., pretty random.  Nonetheless, you'd expect there was a greater chance of drawing attention of the security...  looks like they really got their moneys worth!  You would have thought these guys started a fight... there were patrons coming to their defense and this one older whited haired guard was clearly escalating the situation by yelling at everyone and being offensive.  He was far from professional and I'm sure he didn't like his "authority" questioned.  But threatening to rip the kids sign etc.. it was going too far.  I walked up and simply asked, excuse me, what's your name?  He said, Why? and I told him I'd like to know it so I could include it in my letter to his company.  He said "Jim".  Ok... Jim... then asked why?  I said, "I don't like you".  Because, I frankly don't !!  He said "I hope you never have any kids"... which i thought was funny... (I have lots of kids...they don't get into trouble...but I understood his sentiment) I would say, in his defense, there was a lady that he was yelling back and forth with that he clearly offended... she overstepped her bounds however and threw soda on him.  Uncalled for and it shouldn't have happened... again, the escalation on the part of the guards shouldn't have happened either.
1	I've been to this theater once and don't plan on coming back.  The seats are uncomfortable and don't recline.  The food bar is inadequate and doesn't have the same selection of foods that you get at other theaters.  The theaters are very small and the one time I came here, my friend and I bought tickets to see the 3D showing of a movie, which they charged us extra for.  I was really excited because I had never seen a movie in 3D at the theaters.  However, 15 minutes into the movie we realized it wasn't in 3D and no one ever even said a single thing to us.  We ended up going and asking for our money back at the end of the movie and they didn't apologize or anything, just acted like it wasn't a big deal.  In my opinion, the workers here don't care very much about customer satisfaction and I'm pretty sure that's why some of the reviews mention that this theater isn't very crowded. No one wants to come here!
1	Definitely not happy with AMC THEATER PRICES! Paying $10 fora Senior price on  Sat. afternoon after 4 pm is OUTRAGEOUS. We're using a gift card my husband rec'dc for his, Birthday, otherwise I wouldn't be coming here.
4	We like this theater.  It is clean and the kids who work here are always nice. We have never had issues with picture or sound quality.
4	We love this theater.  My only complaint is that they call themselves AMC 24 but they shut down half of the theaters so they should change their name to AMC 12.
1	We tried to get tickets for the Hobbit. Their computers were down and they were only taking cash. My complaint is that they were not telling people in line. Very poor customer service.
1	What a cluster. Hire some people to work. Took 40 minutes to get a ticket and popcorn. No more than 50 people came I or out.  Won't be going back.
2	Over priced is what comes to mind when I think of this place. No discounts for students & popcorn was stale! I live about 5 minutes away and still will travel the extra 20 minutes to Harkins!
1	The facility is beautiful but the service is non existent.  They actually charge more than Harkins! We went to see Annie and had to wade through trash from the prior movie to sit down. Then when leaving, we had to actually look for a trash can when walking out rather than being met with staff with trash cans like Harkins does. They had a sign at the window stating they were charging "holiday" fees for tickets.  What is that all about?
2	Probably the worst seats I've ever sat in. My back is still killing me. Also had to wait an additional 30 minutes for the movie to start as, according to the employee that spoke to us, the projector had broken. Do yourself a favor and go to Harkins; they're better in every way.
