5	Welcome to the best beach club in Scottsdale!!! Dont worry about spending the time or money to go to a Vegas pool party this summer.... Old Town officially has everything with the opening of Maya Day + Nightclub.  I know we already call Old Town our own mini Vegas, but now its legit! With DJs like, Calvin Harris, Steve Aoki, Morgan Page, Thomas Gold and many more, Maya has made Scottsdale the place to be this summer!!Maya is a giant & gorgeous club, you must go see it to believe it! The outside area of the club has a giant pool facing the DJ stage, surrounded by palm trees and tons of day beds and cabanas for VIP rentals.  The outside is separated from the inside of the club by a giant glass wall with an opening right onto the large dance floor.  The inside dance floor is surrounded by more VIP tables and a DJ stage, covered in LED lighting.  Get ready to party and dance the summer away at MAYA!!!!!! I'm ready :)
1	That awkward moment when a club is suppose to show off what it has on opening night. I guess it was to bad I was a dude. Arrived late because honestly everything starts at 11pm anyways, to be told, as almost ever other guy in line, the would not be letting anymore males in. This happens at most places in Scottsdale but given the fact it was me and three women I thought I would be fine, but was very mistaken they were told they could go in, but without me, cause that made sense.None the less, I guess I will not be spending my money here.
4	Opening night at Maya was interesting. A very diverse crowd from very formally dressed to super casual, old and young---all appeared to be out at Maya. The bar were really quick considering the crowd and it was night #1. The ambiance is Hollywood wanna be/South Beach-ish. Music is great and they had performers dancing and twirling batons with fire. There's an enormous pool in the middle....no sharks, yet, but I'm sure they'll decorate. There's a lot of VIP, bottle service areas and a helluva lot of security. (Even though it's AZ, they didn't appear armed.)Given the fickle nature of bar crowds, it'll be interesting to see how long this stays open.
3	I'll start off by saying I've never really been a huge fan of these types of clubs. You know the ones where they judge you on if you have female genitalia, how much professional work you've had done on your ankles or if you have had your brows waxed in the last five minutes. I went with four girlfriends so they let me in right away. I mean I was the only guy and I was "bringing" four girls in. (Disclosure: they actually brought me in). The bouncer tells me he likes how I roll. I look to the right and there is a line of desperate guys just waiting to get in. I smile at them and just walk in. Decor is awesome. There is a pool for the outside and a kick-ass club  inside. The DJ was pretty good and people seem to be having a good time. I'm the kind of guy that would rather go to a dive bar though. You meet the most awesome people, drinks aren't $10 a piece and it's trashy. I love trashy. This place was great for Scottsdale/Phoenix Metro Area. If you miss your LA/Vegas clubs, this is the spot to go! I just don't like to be judged because I usually do the judging. Just kidding!
3	Keep in mind it is May 2013 and I have been to Maya twice (only been open for just over a week): opening night and first major pool party (Calvin Harris).  A lot of other reviews have focused on the vibe but I will focus a bit more on the logistics (and discuss vibe at the end).Basics: Maya is possibly the largest club in Scottsdale with a very large outdoor pool area and a medium-sized indoor area (where the main dancefloor is located).  It is possible to peer inside the club from the outside by peaking in through the cracks of the wooden planks in the wall near the pool area.Dress Code: this is hard to figure out because Maya is a place to party both during the day and at night.  Opening night I (as a guy) walked in by myself relatively early (beat the long line that occurred an hour or two later) wearing regular shoes, jeans (that I usually wear for going to clubs), and a v-neck.  This is typically more than enough to get in to any club in Scottsdale except perhaps for the Mint or the W.  I was told by the bouncer at the door "we'll let you in this time with a v-neck but next time you'll have to wear a collared shirt)".  Keep in mind this was late April (already 85-90 degrees out at night).Therein lies problem #1: the way their indoor club area was set up at night was with all the large doors to the outside completely open.  In my clothes I hit the dancefloor and was almost immediately experiencing a decent amount of sweating.  Once it hits June they are either going to have to close the large doors that lead from the dancefloor to the pool area (to keep the heat out and AC in) or no one, especially guys, is going to be able to dance with that dress code.it will be interesting to see how they handle this... either by letting in people with shorts or?During the day the dress code is obviously relaxed since day parties are focused around the pool area.  I suppose at some point during the early evening they probably tell guys in bathing suits that they need to change or leave.Pool: the pool is possibly the largest for a club in Scottsdale.  I haven't been to the W's pool in a while but Maya's seemed larger.  It's definitely a great area to part, especially when the DJ is right out there, but there are still some significant issues that I have with the pool setup and they are as follows:1.) The pool only seems to have one real depth (about waist high for the average guy).  If a DJ is playing out there then that depth of water is too deep to naturally dance in the water.  It would be nice if there were a slightly shallower area somewhere (especially close to the DJ area).  This leads to #2...2.) The best area for dancing is a small "island" (there is a small walkway to the area outside the pool) in the center BUT during large pool parties they rent the area out as a cabana area for the day.  Even if you have a cabana there it will be difficult to dance because your table, seats, and umbrella are all in that area and it will be packed with people.3.) The more people that are in the pool, the more urine that's in it.  At Calvin Harris I could hardly see the bottom.  It'd be interesting to see how much filtering this pool has per cubic foot of water vs. a regular swimming pool.  If you're going to spend time in the pool you should probably do it earlier in the day.4.) Only other real area to dance is right up near the DJ booth and while this area is good, it certainly got packed during Cavin Harris and there doesn't seem to be much good drainage for the water.  Dancing in a small layer of water will rip your feet up pretty quickly.  All the other area that you can walk and dance are really too far away from the main speaker system and DJ booth to really accumulate a bunch of dancers.Service: I've had no issues with the service thus far.  Both times I've went to Maya there have been literally thousands of people but there are several different bar areas.  I can't comment on the VIP or cabana areas because I typically don't spend much time there... even when my group goes big I spend most of the time near the dancefloor (ie away from VIP area and cabanas).Price: drink prices are a bit inflated but I used to live in LA so I'm 'used to it.  Their PR people showed off a bottle of champaigne on their menu that cost over $100k on their Facebook which gives you an idea of what sort of reputation their aiming for.  I suppose I'll be a bit more impressed when I see it listed on a receipt rather than a menu.  Calvin Harris cost $100 at the door if you were even able to get a ticket but then again it was Maya's first big pool party.  Opening night didn't cost me anything but I think they were specifically trying to get as many people in that time around.  Morgan Page is a few days away and tix are already sold out at $50.  *With the biggest pool party area in Scottsdale and an excellent location, Maya will likely be the place to go for pool parties.  At night, though, the jury is still out.*
4	So I have mixed feelings about this place. It is really nice inside, not claustrophobic like some other big bars in the area, and the music is pretty good. I definitely like that it attracts a nicer classier crowd of people but that is also its downfall. This place is almost so exclusive that if you don't have a table, you wont get in (apparently they cost about $1000 min). I have been lucky enough to know people who do get tables but I cant imagine how it is for people who don't necessarily have that in. The bouncers usually don't tell anyone in line that they are only letting in people with tables and people wait around for hours thinking they are gonna be able to enter the place. I personally would never wait more than 20 minutes to get into anywhere, no place is that worth it. Biggest disappointment was the drink I ordered from the bar. The bartender didn't know what a Fuzzy Navel was and when I asked her to make me an AMF instead it was undrinkable despite her claiming she knew how to make it. She then just offered me a cup of some kind of sweet and sour juice that didn't help. The poor girl was super sweet, but she just didn't know how to make a drink, maybe she is new and bartending. However I will say that I haven't been to a pool party there yet but I could see how it would be amazing based on the space, and I have heard amazing things. I think this place is probably has a better pool party presence than a nightclub presence just because anyone with tickets can get into the pool parties.
5	I actually visited Maya this past weekend and was pleasantly surprised there was no cover, my girlfriend and I walked right in (score). I was then surprised at how nice it was, and the size of the place which was very large, no lack of personal space at all (double score). The drinks were good though if you ask me, they were too small, and seem to somehow finish way too fast. Had a blast and look forward to spending many hot sunny summer days here. Note to self- make sure to starve for 2 weeks prior to my next visit.
4	I attended Maya opening weekend for Calvin Harris. Very impressed with the space, layout and design. Much cleaner and more appealing than other pool bars/clubs in the area. I have also been there at night and was just as impressed. One of the better nightlife destinations in Scottsdale. Well staffed and maintained.
1	Um.....Ended up here on a Saturday night.The club was super dead... yet they had a line out the door.So, there I was, standing in the middle of the place... and the only other people who passed the door test were 50+ and NOT attractive.  WTF?!!?Stayed for a $15 drink and then bolted.I can understand line building to a certain extent, but this was off the charts oldpeopleville.Won't be back.
1	Another Scottsdale shrine to douchebaggary. I really hoped this would be a fun club with electronic music the Phoenix club scene is missing. Kind of like European summer clubs or Vegas pool clubs but as it turns out they are not about that. It is just another place to show off.I find it difficult to believe that any respectable DJ would even want to play in this place.They have 3 lines. One for VIP, one for regular admission, and another for what seemed to be to admit ugly burned out Scottscale cougars and their trouts.The lines are unmarked so I ended up in the wrong line and was asked to go back in the regular line, which turns out is another hour of wait longer after they accept people in the "VIP" line, despite the place being empty at 10:30.Seriously? Why would anyone want to go to a place where they just keep a line to seem busy?The music inside was sub-par. Kind of commercial bullshit. Reminds me more of Jersey shore clubs than anything worth-while.
1	Run by scumbags.  If you contact a promoter to get on the guestlist the doormen pretend that they don't know who that promoter is.  Huge line outside 1+ hour wait and the club is completely empty.  They are just trying to hype it up and make people want to pay $10 to come here.  That seriously killed everyone's buzz.  Ended up ditching the line and cover charge for NO line and NO cover charge at Axis and had a great time!
3	I have mixed feelings about this place. Been here a few times. The first time my girlfriend and I were charged $100 at the door, each, and we found out tickets for that event online were $20. WOW. my biggest tip is BUY YOUR TICKETS ONLINE!!!!! check their website. I'm probably going to keep a few hundred dollars from going to their business with that statement if y'all listen to me because they seriously UP the Prices at the door. They take advantage of the fact that, yes, it's a beautiful club. =) but business is business I can't blame them too much on that. It's a really fun place if you have money. Come tipsy (not driving though) because a martini, which doesn't even fill up the glass, is $16 !!!! with two martinis i could buy a bottle of Grey goose!  we have never left with a tab that is less than $100, on a good, party day our tab is usually $150- $200 for two people. No offense, but the girls SUCK at making drinks, horrible. You ask them to make a drink and they are constantly asking each other what to do. the drink fills up half the glass then they squirt stuff in there from the gun thing they have to make it look full. They take advantage of the fact that you're drunk, they really do.  Management needs to find actual bartenders, seriously, especially when you're charging that much.  I also enjoy coming midday on in the evenings during the week for a drink and conversation, no cover charge there. The dJays are awesome (aoki, Nervo, calvin harris, kaskade). GOOD TASTE!!  The staff acts like their "sh** doesn't stink, hostile.  In my drunk mind I actually felt a need to compose myself when they walk by during the parties and I'm acting crazy, (non-bad crazy just hella dancing) like when the principal would walk into the classroom in elementary. They like kicking people out. Also on weekend nights they make you wait a million years as if it's black Friday at Wal-Mart, they swear. It happened to us once and we don't even bother anymore.  All in all, I dance my ass off when there's a DJ event, I love the Day Pool parties and have a blast, after cashing out and drinking bad drinks, so 3 starts.
1	I was going to go.BUT the HORRIFIC Reviews scared me..not worth having to wait in line in 100 degree weather,,ToO BAd.. Better management .just saying
1	So it was my sister in laws Bday and we had a Cabana reserved (two bottle minimum at $350 a bottle) this was our third time getting a Cabana at this place , we were a party of eight with three people meeting us after. The place was packed in the front took 15 min before we got to our Cabana,we get inside the place is dead! Half the Cabanas are empty ! When our gest  arrived, They would not let them in, the wanabe hotshot at the door with no customer service skills told us we have to buy another $350 bottle if we want our three freinds in!! That is complete BULL! Our waitress Diana(the only good part about this place) who knows we are good clients tryed to get them in did not work! Were spending one thousand dollars that night and have spent thousands in the past and we got treated like dirt by management! We will be definetly taking our future business else where! The staff is going to singlehandedly take this place down the tubes! When some one bought two bottles and you try to extort a third that is unethical! STAY AWAY!!!
1	Whatever you do, don't start a tab here or use card!!! And if you do use a card, pay at the bar, per round!!!! Some friends and I went on Saturday for some day life fun. We got there early enough to get some beds by the pool under an umbrella. We decided on mimosas for drinks so we just went to the bar for a bottle and got some OJ. And that was great, we had no trouble. It was all fine and good. But as the day progressed, we got more champagne and was transferred to a server. She was all right. The place started to get packed and the usual douche baggery came out, which was expected. And it was an okay experience. The bad part came when it came to getting the check and after. Since we got a daybed, they automatically charged some gratuity. Okay, well fine. That was all fine and good. What wasn't fine and good were the extra charges that came on the card the day after. I tried to call them a few times, but all I got was voice mail. I just left messages. And while the charges did go away after a while, the unnecessary hassle of extra charges on my card seriously detracted from the place.
2	It's a 25,000sf spectacle worth seeing at least one time. After that if you're over 30 and not an underwear model don't bother... I also suggest you pay with cash**A few girls I know got hit with an $8000 tab after a couple bottles of Ace of Spades appeared on their table (likely the dumb-ass promoter). They signed for an expected $1,600 tab that Sunday (plenty for four girls) and then got the $8,000 rude awakening the next day - I don't know think Maya ever refunded this. YES! Eight Thousand Dollars!
3	This review is only based on the New Times Event that was here on Thursday the 25th(July)After reading other reviews I must say that my girlfriend and I were a little worried about checking this place out. We were lucky enough to be in a guest list and to be attending an event that offered free drinks. What the heck...The place is beautiful, simply beautiful.The bouncer that was checking Id's that night wanted to be hard, but he really couldn't since my girl killed him with kindness until he got over himself and said hello back and told us to have a great night. Other than that all the security were very helpful and kind throughout the night.We are sure that the inside was open for this event, but we had no idea how to get inside, no idea...Meaning with everything roped off, it was not a place to dance this evening, which kinda sucked since the DJ (William Reed) was killing it with the down tempo beats.The serving staff and bartenders were also really nice and accommodating, but again this was a New Times Event and not a normal evening.The Taco stand that is connected to Maya is OFF THE HOOK, the tacos were really good, really good.Overall the place is lovely but I can't see myself returning unless I have a couple grand to spend and just can't make it to Vegas.
5	I went to Maya night club couple fridays ago when they had Audien as dj. It was my first time there and didnt know what to expect. I gotta say I had amazing time. I went there once again last Sunday  for a night swim with Tritonal who are well known djs. I had incredible time. Place is clean, staffs are friendly and water is cool which is essential for pool parties and sound system is outstanding. Cant wait to return.
3	Super fun venue for DJs and partying. Do not give these guys a credit card tho - Pay cash! Me and some girlfriends got taken to the cleaners by these bums when we rented a table with bottle service.
1	They're stuck up and won't let you in! Got there at 10:30 and waited in the general admission line with 3 girls. Got to the front of the line and that's when the bouncer started with his B.S. about the place getting packed, and that the only way to get in now is to get a table. The place was NOT packed first of all, it was barely 11pm.I really hope this place burns in hell, and goes bankrupt. The bouncers are a-holes.Note:There's cover also, $10 for girls and $15 for guys which I was willing to pay.
1	They are obviously doing all forms of racial discrimination.  Waiting for 40 mins and had been told the rate is 30 for entry only than early was 10.  The security keeps sweeping color people out and he was trying to down the fee to 25 dollars, that was not make sense and unacceptable! Bring cash only you may be charged more than thousands if you get drunk.
4	A group of friends and I went to this place on Saturday. Cover was 10 dollars, drinks were 8 dollars each, the DJ was descent and the staff made a goos effort to keep the atmosphere pumped up. Over all it was a good experience, as with every place like this there were some rowdy people, and as always it is good to ignore/get out of the way of such people. As others have commented there is a huge age spread in this place, from 20 year olds through 50, with the median age probably being 30 year olds.
4	I've only been here for New Times events but it's really pretty and a great atmosphere.  All the staff have been excellent.
2	This place is awesome IF you have table which they start at 9000.00. I've gone in a couple of times with reservations and it's no problem to get in, but then I've also gone other times with out a table and it has been hell! If you are willing to wait then you are looking at an approximate wait time of an hour to two hours unless you have a  couple of hot, thin, caucasian females with you then you might get in earlier. You could bribe the bouncer and get in quicker so unethical! I like how classy and fancy this place is, that is why I go, but if I have to wait you better believe I much rather go to Mint. Oh another thing, their drinks start at 10.00. I've seen discrimination towards minorities occur at this location. Very pathetic! I hope this place goes out of business soon. Although with all those bribes and the ridiculous amount of money they charge for things they might just manage to stay open longer. Don't go unless you have a table or are willing to waiting all night long .......
5	Great addition to downtown scottsdale. Upscale nightclub featuring pool in the middle to cool off during summer time is the way to go. Fun environment with friendly staff, way to go .......
5	This club definitely stands out from the others. It is opened to the outside completely which is perfect during the fall (when I went) and therefore makes it so comfortable instead of being in a stuffy room. The outdoor patio has a pool which I assume they use in the summer time, and a lounge area that surrounds the pool for the smokers or the laid back people. I used that area to take breaks from dancing and my smoker friends also found it useful. The outdoor area is surrounded by a giant wall so you don't feel like you're in the middle of Scottsdale, it almost feels like someone else's villa which makes it more comfortable than a usual club. There's also an outdoor bar. The inside area has a bar as well as lots of places to lounge, and of course, a dance floor. I wish the dance floor was a little larger but it was fine since some places have even smaller dance floors (so I shouldn't complain). There were hot dancers/acrobats on rings like at Cirque du Soleil which is a great addition to the atmosphere, it keeps the energy high. They had strobe lights on from time to time, but not all the time. Don't know about you, but I like them strobe lights - yet not everyone does so I guess their conservative choice is safe for the crowd in general. There are also platforms people can dance on which is great if you're an attention getter. Honestly, I used every square inch of this place (yes, even the platforms woo hoo) and everything about it was great if you're comparing it to a regular club. It definitely stands out and I'm definitely coming back soon. If it's helpful, I came on a Saturday night. Also, the crowd was mostly in their late 20's to late 30's. The dancing was classy and the people were great, the staff were friendly (and hot). I have no complaints.
4	My first time at this club was on Halloween. I went to see NERVO!! What I really liked about the place is it's use of the space. I would never purchase a VIP table at the other clubs but I can see how it would be worth it at Maya! They have two bars that I noticed - 1 was located inside and the second was outside. During Halloween, it was a bit chilly outside so all the heaters were turned up which made a big difference. Also, they have poolside lounge chairs for anyone to sit which was a plus. The energy was absolutely crazy when Nervo came out! Everyone was trying to get close to them and me being so small, I couldn't see! People were standing behind all the VIP tables which made it worst- all I could see were the phone cameras in the air. LOL - Other than that, it was an epic night! I hope to bring my friends from out of town to this place in December so PLEASE...bring in an awesome artist for a Saturday night! :)And it's my birthday today! Send me to see Markus Schultz! :)
2	I will preface this with saying that I am not a huge fan of going to clubs, especially in Scottsdale.I have to say this place picks up right where Myst left off: overpriced, underwhelming, and disappointing.Here is the first issue: a $10 cover even when the club is empty at 10:30 on a Saturday. Next issue up is the quality of drinks, if I order a vodka soda and you are going to charge me $8 for well i should probably be able to at least taste a hint of vodka. Considering I had a better made vodka soda with better vodka and more of it across the street at El Hefe for 25% less and didn't have to pay a cover thats not good.For a saturday night the club was fairly empty and probably because of the above stated issues. I rarely go to scottsdale to begin with and when I return this place won't be on my list.
4	This is the Vegas of Scottsdale, but it's still not Vegas. If you want a club experience with good music, this is a decent place. But you'll pay for it. I ordered a well vodka drink and a well vodka shot... 32 dollars? Kill yourself. Plus I had to pay a 10 dollar cover? Seriously? Egh. It always seems busy on the weekends, I'll definitely be coming back in the summer for the day club.
5	The best Night/Day club in town. Lots of great DJs (Calvin Harris, Morgan Page, Nervo etc) The setup is beautiful! In summer there are best pool-parties! Lots of nice and beautiful people come to this club! ;)
5	Best place to go in Old Town in my opinion!  Love going here, it's a great layout, always packed but never too crowded.  The DJs they have come in are what I've been waiting for since I moved here four years ago, they get in great acts. And contrary to popular believe, this place houses the lowest level of scottsdale douchebags that I've seen.Side note - drink before you get there or stick to beer.  $10 mixed drinks and shots are the cheapest liquor you'll get, but $5 a beer aren't bad.
4	The reason: daughters 21st birthdayThe Goal: Bar hop and PARTY!! 3rd Stop: The MayaOk really 10 dollar cover charge at 11pm on a Sunday night??? Fine, whatever haha  This seem to be the best spot for the night, the club had a good volume of people and the dance floor was full, not packed but full.  I have to say I had a good time, I stayed out on the dance floor until the midnight hour stuck reminding me I need to be at work in 6 hours hahaha DARN IT SUNDAY NIGHT!Ok I really like the setup of this place, the booths around the dance floor, great for people watching aren't drunk people fun to watch?  Again I noticed I was not the oldest one in the place, but I'm sure that this is a youngins playground.   If I was ten years younger I'm sure I would be a regular no doubt. The pool area and bar outside looked pretty sweet.  This was the last club of the night, not bad 3 spots in 2 hours, my daughter had a fun run for her 1st time legally out  and she too enjoyed The Maya, I can see her and her husband coming back for a night out on the town.
4	Music is always good and always bring excellent talent. The only thing that sucks about this place is the crowd! your typical stuck up, roided out scottsdale snobs.
5	Wow....what a beautiful club!  No wonder it's the most popular in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	If you want a night in vegas, then Maya is the closest you're going to get in Scottsdale. With the huge interior and exterior this is an ideal place for any partying occasion. The list of beverages served, the dance floor, ambiance and pool makes this an day and night club. WIth top Dj's being guests, Maya brings in everyone and allows for a good time. Day at the pool, dance floor at night, Maya is the best most sophisticated club in all of old town hands down.
5	Came to Scottsdale/Phoenix area to watch the niners/cardinals game. As former party goer in Los Angeles/Hollywood I'm impressed. The ClubBeautiful layout great size dance floor with an amazing view of the pool area. The club lighting and ambiance really sets the tone of an upscale setting. Crowd Positive vibe from most people in the club everyone was there to have a good time. My NightDid not get in the first time in the club because of my custom T-shirt lucky I stayed at the W and had two button-ups in the closet. I came back did not wait in line or paid for admission. The girls were sexy! A group of guys offer me a free bottle of champagne after they seen my interaction with a group of girls waiting for me to bring them back to their table. Consume a lot of alcohol that night couldn't remember everything but did not leave back to the hotel alone. Awesome night.
4	New Years Eve dance party!!! The club has an awesome atmosphere attracting an astounding group of extravagance. Whatever that means.... The drinks are way expensive, but what do I expect from such an upscale establishment. Th dj's mix up that beat with the light romantic. Dance floor was packed to the brim and I couldn't escape for sometime, which was fine by me, cause I had all the fine ladies by me. There really isn't a place to just sit down but why would I want to when I can dance. The music was overly loud. I couldn't say but Hi to people. Having a conversation is not going to happen. All in all it was fun as hell. Congratulations Maya!!!! 2014 Here we go!!
5	I have been around this town for a while and I have watched it change.  The night life has changed a lot in the last few years!  I feel like an old guy when I talk about it. Ex. Do you remember driving up Pima before the 101 was here type of stuff.  Anyway, Maya is without a doubt the baddest club Arizona has to offer.  There is no if ands or buts about it.  I have partied all over the US and internationally and Maya could actually be in a city like Miami or LA, but its not.  Its here in Scottsdale, AZ.  I think if more clubs like Maya were to open in Scottsdale it would put Arizona on the nightlife map.  I don't really know if that map exists or not!  Someone should make one.Maya is large, has several bars that are located in good locations in the club, has a very good looking staff, and is a great place for a night out.  They also focus on bringing in big name DJs which is awesome if you are into EDM (Electronic dance music).I have yet to get a table here and pop some bottles.  Maybe for the next big party we will start our night here!
4	If you are looking to have some fun, this is definitely the place to go!  The good? This place is always high energy!  The resident DJs play some excellent music and the staff is pretty friendly.  Also, the lighting and the dancefloor space is on par with what you would expect from a higher end nightclub, but I honestly don't get the mirror ball over the dance floor...I mean what is the netting/webbing around it really there for??  The bad? There has been a cover every time I've gone (even when it is just a resident DJ and not a special headliner).  It is a little annoying to pay a $10-$15 cover plus $8 for well cocktails.
4	really fun place to be. drink specials are affordable and the bartenders aren't bad.music is loud and there is a cover for guys on the weekends. this is a usual stop on any decent Scottsdale bar hopping experienceDance the night away, avoid the weirdos, and if you have a few friends, get a VIP experience. we got it once and we had a nice area to ourselves watching the action play out.
5	It's gotten better. Drinks are better , summer is around the corner, we will see how he pool parties go. I had a blast on Halloween and the DJs are great and close to home.
5	This Beach club is beautiful! plenty pf rook To dance, The DJ/music could be worked on but it's a overall the hottest place to be on Scottsdale! :)
4	I've been to Maya Day & Nightclub 3x in the past months and now would be a good time to write a review:Music - DJs are probably the best in Arizona to see on the weekends to just have drinks and dance. They range from the top names like Steve Aoki, R3hab, and lil Jon. Drinks - average, watered-down and quite expensive for what they give you. Try to pre-game before going, you'll probably won't regret it the next day. People - there's not too much diversity, mostly Caucasians that come to the club since it's in Scottsdale which mostly is consisted with the population in town. I don't mind at all, just be ready. Overall, I gave this place a high score because it's the only place that has a great DJ, energetic feeling when coming inside the club and how there's an outside pool to sit and relax if it gets packed inside.
2	Maya's atmosphere is synonymous to many of the clubs found in Vegas. Unfortunately, that's not a compliment as it's nearly impossible to see the DJ unless you've purchased a $1000+ table for the night. As an avid EDM concert goer, I usually refrain from going to their events due to the fact that you'll easily spend $100 (not including the entrance fee either).Unless there's a DJ you really want to see, save your money and plan a trip to Vegas.
4	Mayadayclub  is a very nice place for the party and for a pool.I liked the decor outside and a party sundayphunday with bow wow
1	wish I could give this place less than one star. they discriminate at their day parties based on what you look like (not according to dress code, but based on weight, etc.) and even when willing to pay full cover, the security guard did not let us in. incredibly rude, not to mention that they could have a law suit on their hands if not careful. I will never be back and will be telling all of my friends about their horrible customer service and overall douchey-ness.
1	I've always kind of wondered exactly what my own personal hell looked like.  As it turns out, it's in Scottsdale!  (Which shouldn't be surprising, because, Scottsdale.  But, still, I am sure there are places in Khartoum and the southern Indian Ocean now ready to up the ante.  Bring it, third world slum bathroom!)Why is the Maya Day + Nightclub the image that needs to appear next to the phrase "fucking awful" in the dictionary?  I'm glad you asked.First of all, imagine you are really hot.  But you can't go in the pool.  There is a pool.  But you can't go in it.  Why?  Because the frattiest frat guys in for a bachelor party from (pick the Midwestern city) are rolling deep, all up in the pool, with tribal arm tattoos, smoking Parliament Lights, drinking Coors Light, saying things like, "man, Blake, this is the best."  Not to be outdone, you have the least interesting girl from your high school, all grown up, in a bikini, with five clones, riding around on a banana boat / kayak in said pool, splashing Blake and his bros, drinking vodka sodas.  And all you keep thinking is, God, I would like to hit every last one of these motherfuckers upside the head with a baseball bat.  This might as well be a full-fledged reunion for Iowa State University's panhellanic board.  No, wait, Michigan State.  And U of A, man!They have a strict "no jersey" policy.  Which, of course they do.  And, of course, it has a caveat.  If you have a cabana, you can wear a "jersey."  (I had a cabana!  I could wear a jersey!)And the cabanas.  Jesus Christ on crutches, these things are platforms for every single ex frat bro and sorority girl to just show out while drinking Tito's vodka for hours.  It's like a far tackier version of Vegas.  Which, congratulations for managing to pull that off.  But, also, stop flexing.  No, really.  Just stop.And that is not even getting into the music.  Did you know there is a 20 minute dance remix to Pompeii by Bastile?  While you are trying to wrap your brain around that affront to senses, now imagine it followed up by a 25 minute dance remix to Someone Like You by Adele.  With frat bros on vacation from Milwaukee drinking Miller Light in the background.  While three not at all trashy women shoot super soakers everywhere to the beat of the "song."I imagine this is the target audience of MTV's Girl Code's proverbial To Kill a Mockingbird.  Someday, someway they will get here.  And, hopefully, by the time they reach 22, they will realize how truly terrible this place is and aspires to be.
4	This place is making a name for itself by bringing the big name DJs to Scottsdale. Its really nice that avid edm music fans can go see David Guetta, Tiesto or Steve Aoki in their backyard. Drinks are pretty reasonable for a spot that is pretty comparable to Vegas. The scene is awesome. Everyone ranges from 21-35 and just has a good time. During the day this place is a good experience too- you can get a cabana and melt away in the arizona sun. Definitely recommend. But like all bars- the bouncers can be pretty irrational (like charging full price for Nervo at 1:30 AM)
2	Eh. If you are under 23, still using your mom's credit card, and haven't traveled anywhere outside of Arizona, this might be the place for you. I am heartily unimpressed as I don't think the hassle or the price range is worth the experience. Fairly self-important door staff (sigh, why? Just why?), overpriced drinks (it is a club though so I give them a pass for that), and some okay music. In the end, I would rather just wait to go out in Los Angeles or Vegas. Make "reservations" if you want to go on a Saturday evening.
2	This was my first experience with Maya, and I won't be disappointed if it's my last. The place looks beautiful, I'll give them credit for that. But my husband and I walked up at 12:30pm on a Saturday and were informed that cargo shorts are not part of the dress code but that they would "let it slide". Seriously? During the day you're nothing more than an overpriced pool bar and cargo shorts aren't allowed?  But you'll allow the ridiculous 80s high-waisted Jordache denim shorts that should have stayed in the past through your doors? Makes perfect sense. Gotta add some women to the sausage fest waiting to prey on them, after all.And who's the genius that decided to keep your snack bar closed in the middle of the day when it's 105 and climbing outside?
1	A group of about 15 of us decided to stop in at Maya for our friends birthday. All dressed well, you know, in the way that will get you past THE velvet rope in Scottsdale, that is. Initially we were told with a bottle service our cover would be $25. That's funny. NEVER have I had that anywhere in the US, Europe, Asia or on the God's creation with a bottle service. Wow. A bottle service doesn't usually have any cover attached. My boyfriend who was paying for said bottle service and 'negotiated' $10 for the guys; I was ready to can this place and move on. I personally like The W. You get a bottle ahead of time and they let you in. No cover; no questions; and let's just be honest, if you are gonna be picky with the velvet rope there, Mr. Velvet Rope Boy, you and your co-horts should at least dress the part. None of them matched. In fact, on a given night they would probably not be let into the finest dive bars in S Phoenix. IF they can be that picky, so can I. :-) Yes. This review is about to get Yelp responsible.  Seriously. Take your class and save it. Go somewhere with class and your hard earned bodies and nice clothing and money and spend it in a place that is worth it. There are so many clubs in Scottsdale, where you will be appreciated and treated well, whether you spring for the VIP bottle service or not. I may even create a DB list on my page and this place will top it. To continue.. Once our group gets in, (mind you with several of us not wanting to go in and venture onward, however, it's a group and our buddies birthday), and my boyfriends credit card had been run three times for the initial bottle service within ten minutes of being inside the door. He immediately gets a fraud alert from his bank! I should have paid attention to the other Yelp reviews before even thinking of letting him use his card at this douche baggery place of such charm. That was squashed fast. Of course, the waitress wanted his signature and he laughed and told her , 'nah, I don't think so... NOT until I take a call from my bank about the fraud alert I just received!', to which she rolled her eyes. ( Yeah most of us caught that... too bad her tip is rolled into that bottle service). At that point, it was decided once he figured and worked out the bank issue and let Maya people know, that no second or third bottles would be purchased. We opted to leave and go elsewhere and purchase from the bars on the side. Issues with the bottle service. The waitress left the cap OFF the bottle of Ciroc after initially serving us. There was no security to our VIP area; people not in our group were all over our table area. Is that safe? NO! NOT with a bottle that is uncapped and glasses of drinks poured! Are you kidding me???? Maya you are a complete fail and waste. We won't be back. Never will we not stick with what we know and that is what works... those clubs always get 4-5 stars from us both. If I could give you a 0 that is what you would get.
2	Definitely a fun scene. Girls in bikinis, nice weather, great club music with better and better dj's every time. Here's my problem.. I got a cabana for a group of friends. I was told $650 minimum which wasn't a problem..the menu said a bottle of Grey Goose was $325 so I told our gorgeous server that two bottles would do it. Many drinks and dances later, long after "scottsdale delirium" had set in, I am presented with a bill for over $900 and added a gratuity making it over a grand. On the bill it said a bottle of goose was over $400.. I wasn't sure what was going on and not wanting to make a scene after a fun day, I signed and left with a bitter taste in my mouth.. It's a good club in a great area but since when is treating a repeat VIP/cabana customer like that a good idea??
4	Manage your expectations!  People who write reviews of the "crowd" instead of the "venue" need to realize that they're hurting a business based on who happens to walk in the door beside them.  I don't go to Maya because I don't like being around those kind of people either, pretty simple.  I'm not about to bash them based on this though.The crowd that frequents old town and Maya in particular pretty much fit into the same small box as each other, everyone knows this.  It's crazy to me that people who are well aware of the crowd that goes there would give a negative review to a place based on this crowd actually being there during their visit.I don't like getting hassled at the door either, that's why I don't go to places with velvet ropes or dress codes.I don't like paying $13 for a well vodka either, that's why I don't go to high end bars where that is expected.I don't like being surrounded by drunken frat boys either, you get the idea.The bottom line is, know what you're getting into and if you're ok with that, go to Maya and have a great time.  Drinks are expensive, dudes will be drunk assholes, chicks will be superficial and bottle service is overpriced.  Hate the game don't hate the player.
5	This is probably one of my favorite places in oldtown scottsdale. The bartenders make great drinks and the music is really good...........
2	Got tickets for a friend's birthday on a Friday night. There were 8 in our group, and 2 of our friends forgot to purchase tickets online so the bouncer wouldn't let them in to purchase tickets. After they were kicked out of line, I asked another employee (maybe a manager?) where to purchase tickets, and he pointed to the back of the line that we were all JUST standing in. No one was helpful, and was altogether very neglectful and uncompromising. Plus, the ticket was not worth $25. Nothing new to see here, music wasn't even the DJ's original, and was a basic mix at most. Would've had the same experience at the other clubs for much less, plus more accommodation. The best part were the mermaids dancing from the ceiling. Although half the time it looked like they were just tangled in their nets. An extra star for mermaids, though.
1	The front door man told me it would be a certain amount to get in the door, then when I went to pay the woman inside charged way less. Seems like the door man was just trying to make extra cash. The place wasn't that busy at all, and I didn't like the music. It definitely wasn't worth the cover. I have a much better time at free clubs in Old Town with better music.
1	Ekkk!  No thanks. Filled with jerk offs who will shove you out of the way if they want to get by.  Front Door people and management staff was super nice though!  Well besides the hired photographer, who opened the door on my back knocking me over.  His response " oh sorry"  Seriously? How rude and irresponsible.  I immediately left fearing my safety and well being at this place.  I HIGHLY recommend saving your time and money and skipping this spot.  If you do come make sure to bring ear plugs, sound system is way loud!
4	Ive been to Maya a few different times, each time same experience. Yes, drinks are priced highly,  full of the typical crowd you would find in Scottsdale, but the venue itself is pretty cool. Plus they have an awesome selection of DJ's that come there. My suggestion, pregame prior to going to save on cost, expect the typical high end Scottsdale crowd, and go with a good group of people.
2	The club was likely okay, but it reminded me of how old I am. I bought two tickets to see Ice Cube, which I was reluctant to do because it was a Sunday night and I work early. But the ticket said the hours of operation on Sunday was 8pm - 12 am. I thought it seemed short, but I reviewed the club's Facebook page and the same information was shown. Accepting the information as accurate, I thought Ice Cube would probably come on around 9:30 or 10, play for an hour, and then end. As I was getting ready to leave I again consulted the ticket and found a dress code that stated no hats, t-shirts, shorts, or sneakers. So I dressed accordingly.We arrived at the club about 8:20 and the line was stretched down the sidewalk. No one entered yet. I get the false creation of a line so that it looks very busy and causing people driving by to want to stop and see what's happening. But it was chill and I knew I would be tired by the end of the night. Plus most of the people in line were middle aged white people, so they were just as old and just as tired as me. Finally we get in about 8:45. A DJ is playing and people are mostly just standing around. It was spacious with two VIP sections surrounding a dance area. We stood on behind the VIP on the ramp, but eventually security told us to move because it was going to be crowded. It wasn't crowded yet. I attempted to order a drink - my wife likes Smirnoff Ice. They didn't have it. She asked for a pina colada, but they couldn't make it. I said just make me something of whatever you can make and ended up with some watermelon cocktail that was okay. I ordered a coke, and it was $10 for two drinks. That's not too bad.We went back to waiting. Apparently there were multiple DJs. I honestly couldn't tell because it all sounded the same to me. Most people were just standing around, but a few were dancing. My thought was why pay to go to a club to listen to some guy play songs on the computer when I could do that at home or in my car? But again, I am old. 9:30 came and went, as did 10, and 10:30. No Ice Cube. I was thinking it doesn't leave much time if they close by 12. Next a large crowd of people came in and filled the VIP areas and dance floor. I thought now we are getting somewhere, but time marched on. I scanned the crowd and noticed at least 20 dudes wearing caps, t-shirts, and sneakers. Getting frustrated, I asked the security guy what time the show was going to start. He said by 12, to which I asked curiously I thought they closed at 12. He said no, it is actually 2...despite the ticket and the Facebook page saying otherwise. Then again the dress code apparently is just a suggestion too. I started calculating in my head - 12 o'clock to start, probably play for an hour..that's 1...then drive home, probably 1:45 and then 2 before I got to bed. Getting up at 5 would really suck. I have wanted to see Ice Cube for a while - I was an original member in the Lynch Mob fan club...but alas work called, and said screw it, and we left at 11:15 with no Ice Cube. I am not sure why information such as hours of operation and dress codes are printed on tickets if they are not accurate. It sucked that I didn't get to see Ice Cube, but I guess $40 to realize the club scene is well behind me was money well spent.
