4	My husband and I dined here twice within one week to seek solace after spending a lot of time in the Expo store down the way, where we were setting the wheels in motion for a huge kitchen remodel. Happy to report that our enchiladas and tacos provided sufficient comfort. The sauces are especially distinctive and good. There will be one more visit to Expo, after which I'm sure I'll head in the same direction -- and add a double margarita to my order.
1	this place sucks...... well... I take that back, the service was ok but the food sucks
4	I love hot spicy Mexican food, and I was surprised to find a really hot item on the menu. There was only one, but it was good. I ordered the Spicy Boneless Pork Ribs which came with tortilla, rice and choice of beans. I ordered the Black Beans. It was all very good. The service was good, especially for a large crowd of 20. Servers were friendly and fast. And the real test of a good Mexican place is the margarita. I passed on the house and ordered one of the specialty margs, and it was really good. This is a good place.
3	Entrees are notable here, one of the following two should be in your future.  First, the Blue Cali Burrito - spinach tortilla filled with rice, jalapeno beans, guacamole, sour cream, shredded lettuce and pico.  Second, the Tres Enchiladas- 3 corn tortillas filled and topped with jalapeno sauce, chipotle cream sauce, red chili sauce cheese (rice/beans on side).   Spinach con queso dip is above average as well, and some good deals can be had at happy hour.  Otherwise, prices are a little high and it's not a very charming location in a strip mall between a furniture store and border's books.
3	Decor is pretty nice (there's even fishtanks and cozy booths), service is pretty quick, food is a flop.  And its expensive!  I don't want to pay $15 bucks for a mediocre taco, do you?  You're better off going to Wendy's and ordering the southwest salad...
2	I've been here a few times -- it's ok.  Convenient to my work and the happy hour prices are decent.  The house marg is ok  but kinda small and with LOTS of ice.  The happy hour bar food was ok - nothing special.The outdoor seating (when the weather is nice) is ok - it faces a parking lot, as does most outdoor seating in AZ.  Also when the weather is accommodating, they open the bar doors to the outside which gives it a cute look / feel. Overall - it's just ok. The food is pretty basic and if i used a toaster oven for my costco chimis / flautas - it would be the same.
1	Not sure where to start. Poor service, food and drinks.My wife and I went there today for lunch. Our waiter made our cocktails because "the bartender sucks." Well, the waiter sucked at making ours too. At a slow time (like 3pm), tables were messy and service was slow. Their salsa is like spicy, smoky ketchup. I had the spinach enchiladas and they were bland. My wife had the fish tacos and I think the fish was kids' fish sticks. Blue Agave is that bad. Don't waste your time.
3	This place gets 2.5 stars (but I'll round up because I'm feeling generous this afternoon).  I come here with co-workers for lunch from time-to-time, and I have to admit that I agree with many of the other reviews:  the food isn't amazing.  But it's not horrible.  It's pretty inexpensive for what you get (they have a lunch menu with good prices and a great selection), and I think that the attentive and fast service combined with the convenient location are what make it keep coming up as a lunch suggestion again and again.  This isn't anything that I would crave on the weekends, but when I just need to get out of the building for a sunshine fix on a workday and no one can agree on where to go for lunch....not a bad solution.
3	Checked out Agave this past weekend with friends that live in the area. They hadn't been there in a while so we off we went. We were seated right away and checked out the menu. Our friends remarked that it looked like the menu had been slightly revamped.  We started with the Sonoran Rolls (tortillas with grilled fish, avocado and pico de gallo) and the Fried Camarones (battered shrimp).  The shrimp was so fried, it was tough to bite into. The Sonoran Rolls were better but nothing to write home about.  They just weren't very flavorful.  I had the spinach enchiladas which were pretty good.  I'm kind of a wimp when it comes to hot foot and the red chili sauce wasn't spicy at all. That worked for me, but might not for someone who likes a little kick.We finished off with the fried ice cream which was just like the shrimp, much too fried and difficult to eat. Our friends noted that the quality of food had definitely changed since their last visit.  The positive is that the wait staff were prompt and attentive.  The food wasn't horrible, just really underwhelming.
3	Went here last night for dinner.  It was about 7ish and the place was pretty dead.  We were seated promptly and our drink orders were taken and we were given a big bowl of tortilla chips and some salsa.  The chips were eh' but the salsa was pretty good because it did have some heat to it.Our waitress was fast and friendly so no complaints there.As far as the menu is concerned, I'm not really sure what to make of it.  My guess is this place is trying to be a typical Scottsdale restaurant that tries to do a fresh take on old cuisine.  Blue Agave's goal was probably to take a bunch of typical "Mexican" dishes and combine them with a Californian and New Mexican flair.  Combine that with some gringo stuff in a Scottsdale joint trying to be trendy and there you have Blue Agave.The food:*Tortilla Soup - I loved it.  I am told that this isn't "real" tortilla soup but I don't care.  I love it a bit thick/creamy and not watery.  I thought it was perfect.  Plenty of chicken and plenty of spice.*Chicken Lettuce Wraps - These are basically chicken tacos without the shell.  Definitely a healthier option which is probably why my wife ordered them as a meal.  Anyway, it was actually pretty good but a tad bit bland.*Stuffed Relleno - How can a spicy, cheesy, meaty thing NOT be good?  This was in no way a healthy option but I love stuffed chillies so what the heck.The food here is pretty ok for what it is.  The quality of it is eh' as is the ambiance of the place.  I would like to try more of their menu but there are tons of other Mexican/New Mexican/Baja type places in the valley that are far superior I would visit first.
5	Took about 35 people from a Think Tank I hosted this week. Killer chips & Guacamole.  Fish Tacos were incredible.  TV's hanging everywhere which is good because I need the scores. I'm coming back.
1	I hear it's much better here if you have a few drinks...maybe to keep your mind off the rude bartender (whom actually snapped at me when picking up a to-go order)....I'm giving my money to Compound Grill now instead!
3	Just got back from the Blue Agave....I have to say, at first I was shocked in the menu to see wraps and burgers listed, and I almost freaked out, because my dad and his girlfriend are in from Rhode Island and wanted to go to a nice Mexican restaurant. I was thinking to myself I heard this was a Mexican restaurant, and I thought I was going to almost cower into a corner somewhere for making such a poor dinner choice. However, as I looked on the back of the menu, there were some old tried and true favorites of this Latin cuisine, fajita's, enchilada's and the like. I did pretty much gasp (to myself of course, I wasn't paying  for the meal) at the prices. For this genre of food, I was surprised that the meals ranged from $10 a plate and up. In my eyes, that is ridiculous. But they do give you an ungodly amount of food, and it is stuff you can reheat again that actually tastes good. This is my reasoning for giving this establishment only three stars. In my mind, there are cheaper Mexican restaurants with food just as good if not better. I thought the decor was interesting, but there is no real level of ambiance here. If you are looking for that you have the wrong place. It almost reminds me of a very hip college hang out. The waiter we had was fantastic and very attentive. I can appreciate the fact he did not call me Ma'am, as I am sensitive now that I am 30. I have mixed feelings on whether or not I would return. I do agree with the gentleman who said it was 'eh....I think there are a lot more fantastic restaurants in the area I need to frequent before I go to this one again. It remains to be seen is all I can say.
5	This place is really cool.  Very laid back atmosphere, and a really nice late night menu.  I've decided I'm going to make this place my new neighborhood bar hangout.
4	Can't believe you only have 3 reviews, what's wrong with people, there were tons of them when I ate there last night!!! lolI brought in a group of movie goers from Harkins, we saw Eat Pray Love, and the experience was top notich!Attentive staff, tasty food (I had chicken fajitas), and strong drinks :) (had strawberry margarita), and dynamic company made for a most enjoyable experience. No idea where your 2.5 star weighed average rating came from, my guess is those who reviewed you were perhaps inebriated when they wrote it ? :)See you soon,Matthew
4	Great food, great happy hour specials, nice waitstaff.
3	Not so good.  Ordered fajitas.  Chicken was dry. Lettuce was brown. Not much flavor.   Chips were decent. Basic all the way.
2	Very disappointing in comparison to the consistently excellent original Blue Agave in Old Town.  Baffling how moving 10 miles north could screw it up that badly.  Worst part is we really do need a great mexican place in this location near the theater and Borders.
4	Blue Agave is perfect for what it is.  It's a BAR folks....that just so happens to have an area with tables.  If I wanted to go eat good Mexican food, this would be low on my list.I happen to almost live across the street from it, and it serves its purpose as a great neighborhood bar to chill with friends at and have a few beers.  As a restaurant....not so much.  Food is just typical cantina type food, so don't expect much there...nothing to rave about, and nothing to complain about.  There are a few yummy things on the menu (the mexican pizza appetizer is pretty good) but I mainly just go to drink.  Their free chips and salsa and a cold 20oz Dos Equis are all I need!They have lots of late night specials each day of the week, in addition to their normal happy hour (which includes half priced appy's and cheap 20oz beers).  After 11 they have their late night menu, which is dirt cheap and has a few good things to eat on there (even if they weren't good, you can't really complain because of how cheap they are!)The whole atmosphere is very laid back and friendly, nothing's better than just having a few beers with a friend out on the patio late at night, shootin' the shit about life.
4	After a long day we wanted something good and we found it. Great relaxed atmosphere, full bar service (the Margaritas looked fantastic). The menu had great choices and our server was extremely helpful with recommendations from appetizers to full meals, steak, fish & even vegetarian dishes. The chips were fresh and the salsa was a great puree with a smoke chipotle spice. Very good. I highly recommend the chicken lettuce wraps, even though this is a Mexican food place, they were AMAZING! The guacamole is made on site and excellent as is the queso. We ended up with appetizers which were perfect for the 3 of us to share 3 different plates. Next time thought I may have to try the black bean & corn enchiladas or one of the chimi's or the fish tacos...yeah I will be back because there is a lot to try.
3	There is really nothing special about Blue Agave. Its an average Mexican restaurant and the only thing that brings me back is trivia on Wednesdays. If you get first place they give you a $20 bar tab.
3	Blue Agave has a really cool ambiance. I loved the Mexican influenced artwork on the walls and the netted off area when you walk in with all the lights that made me wish it was warm enough to sit outside underneath it. The service, however, was not the best. Service wasn't prompt when we walked in.  We weren't sure if you seat yourself or not, as there is no sign, but eventually someone noticed us and sat us down. Throughout the meal our server was attentive, but lacked enthusiasm. We tried the guacamole as an appetizer. I'm a harsh critic when it comes to my favorite food item so this may be a little brutal. It was fresh, but lacked flavor. It tasted like a mushed up avacado. I added my lime from my margarita to it and some salt and then it was much better. I would never order that again. Also, their house salsa served with their chips seemed a little off to me. I kept tasting a smoke flavor that made me think they actually added liquid smoke to it. I like liquid smoke in my barbecue, but please keep it away from my salsa!The Rio Grande margarita was okay. I really enjoyed it when I made sure to lick the salt first, but on it's own I thought it was a little too sweet. They have a special on their margaritas for $9.  I understand that they have a happy hour also with better deals that would be wise to check out.Intrigued, I tried their Ultimate Chimmichanga that claimed to be the best of the valley at one point in time.  It was huge! The pork was flavorful and I enjoyed the little 'kick' I got from the heat of the chipolte and jalepeno sauce served on it. I would not say it was the best I've ever had, but it had potential. For $15 you should definitely think about splitting this entree.  The prices seemed a little high for Mexican food.  However, you need to keep in mind that the location in general has overpriced restaurants surrounding it. Also, it's right across the street from Whole Foods. Enough said.I agree with some of the other reviews written, that this is not the go to place for Mexican food. I would try it again making sure I hit happy hour and the better deals during those time slots. They do have happy hour every day of the week, which makes it convenient for everyone. That is an ingenious idea.
5	Awesome...best Mexican food we have had in a long time.  Friendly atmosphere but not pushy.  Price is average.
1	Went to blue agave last night for taco Tuesday. My girlfriend and I got food poisoning and still have symptoms 24 hours later. Beware of dollar tacos because taco Tuesday will lead to vomit vednesday. Sever was nice though so I will give it a star. I pretty much don't want to ever eat Mexican food ever again for the rest of my life.
3	You go for the food and stay for the drinks.  Potent one two punch.  Quality all the way around is better than average.  Better food, drinks, service and happy hour prices than most.  Nice ambiance too!
1	Had the taco salad , Was ok, the steak was cooked like a fajita. It was not really big but was filling. It was good but not a dinner but is good for a lunch. The atmosphere was more like a restraunt and Mexican bar.
1	This was absolutely the WORST burrito I've ever had EVER!!  I ordered the ground beef burrito for takeout and it was the old "where's the beef" problem.  Hardly any ground beef and mostly refried beans or something with massive amounts of the tortilla.  It was gross!!  I only had a couple of bites because it tasted that bad and the small amount I did eat upset my stomach and I know that was the problem because that's all I had to eat that day.  I should have listened to the server because she tried to talk me into the steak burrito but, no, I didn't listen.  Also, the look on her face when I chose the ground beef should have been a hint as well.  Hello!  I will say the rice was okay.  Enough said.
5	ULTIMATE CHIMICHANGA!!!!Need I say more?I went there, not once, not twice, but three frigging times this last week because of the Phoenix Film Festival.  It was amazing all three times.I love their chips/salsa and like the headline says.. the Ultimate Chimichanga was insanely delicious.  In fact, I am craving it as I type this.  I wish you were closer Chimi!Good service, the people are always on top of your drinks/chips and anything else you need. The place can be pricey, so watch the drinks you order.  I cant wait to go again. :)
4	On Spring break vacation, we found this restaurant located in the fine dining section of the entertainment book we purchased for our trip out there. The coupon was great with the punch card used for the fine dining section of the coupon book, and the sample menu sounded delish. Absolutely love Mexican, we have a place at home we go often, and wanted to find another non-chain - great Mexican restaurant. We happened to go during a weekday for an earlier dinner which placed us there during their happy hour. The selections for the appetizers that were included in the happy hour prices were amazing. Our waiter who was very friendly and helpful pointed out the nachos which were loaded with everything tasty, were an amazingly huge portion, especially for the happy hour price... and he wasn't kidding, it was way more that we could eat for 2 people. All the food was great, and well priced, Very clean and neat decor - and too boot, at the bar we were able to catch the end of a basketball game to see our home team - Cleveland Cavs beat the Heat! NICE!
3	I went here last night with my mom because we were having a girl's night and we had a coupon for bogo entrees. So we walk in and are seated promptly, no problem. Our server is nice enough and brings us chips and salsa. I think the salsa is made with chipotles because it is spicy and smokey... I liked it, it's not exactly what you would expect, but that's nice sometimes. I ended up ordering the chicken caliente at the waiter's suggestion and my mom ordered the baja enchiladas. So my dish is this huge butterflied chicken breast where one side has chipotle cream sauce and one side has jalapeno sauce and it's served over mashed potatoes with just a couple little quesadilla wedges. The chicken was decent, it was spicy! (which was a good thing) but the chicken itself was a bit chewy. Also, the potatoes definitely tasted like they were from a box, if they weren't I would be shocked. My mom's enchiladas were filled with shrimp and covered in the chipotle cream sauce. She seemed to like it a lot, I don't eat shrimp though, so I can't evaluate it really. So the bottom line is that if I had another coupon, I would consider going back, otherwise  I don't think it's worth it as it is just ok.
2	Went on a Saturday night after a movie - lured by their "show movie ticket for 1/2 price off second meal".  Wish we had read Blake B's review before we went.  We passed by the the place many times before, but this was the first time we actually stopped in.  Keep in mind that the lure was the food discount offer, not drinks, so we were there for the food.  Bad move... you need the drinks to forget the food.  It was a Saturday night, but the place was almost empty - that should have been a warning sign to us.When the menu proudly announces that they serve tamales from "The Tamale Store", it makes you wonder if they actually make food or just reheat food from other establishments.  We decided to try their ultimate chimichanga and the aforementioned tamales.  The complimentary salsa had a nice spicy bite to it, but also had an off taste that I just couldn't place.  I kept sampling it to identify the strange taste, but eventually gave up; whatever it was, it threw the flavor off.  The ultimate chimi was a good size, but was comprised of a lot of tortilla.  The guacamole provided with it was starting to turn brown - indicating it was made much earlier in the evening and had been sitting for a bit. Taste-wise, the chimi was so-so; I've had much better ones elsewhere - even locally.  The tamales were good, but then again, it wasn't made by the restaurant.  I can just go to the Tamale Store (good thing that it's a local establishment) and pick up some directly.  The mexican rice accompanying it was a bit on the dry side.Price-wise, it was on the high side for mexican food; certainly not worth the value even with the discount applied.  Ambiance - what ambiance?  We were just about the only patrons in the place!  Fake decor elements don't make ambiance (to me, anyway).  To be fair, I have passed the place before with people drinking on the outside patio and watching the tv - if that's what you're looking for, then go for it.I'm stretching to give it 2 stars... expensive for what you get, and what you get (in my case anyway) wasn't even something they prepared themselves.  Drinkers might give it a higher rating, but don't expect a lot when it comes to the food.
2	Chicken was very dry and I had a hard time cutting the chicken even with a steak knife. Chips were nice and warm, salsa was just okay. Service was good I will give it 2 stars.
3	We ordered a pitcher of Organic Margarita. It  was awesome, a bit pricey, could have had more tiki tiki in it,  but worth it. Chips and salsa were above average. Chilie relano was good.
5	Food is awesome! I have eaten here more than a hundred times and the food never disappoints. For an appetizer, order the shrimp nachos. For entree, either the grilled chicken soft tacos or ultimate chimichanga. Despite what other people write, the drinks are AMAZING. The bartenders will make up drinks for you, just tell them what are you in the mood for. During football season there is breakfast available along with a Bloody Mary bar. Need I say more.... I have never had a bad experience here. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. But what sets this place apart from the rest are the fabulous drinks. Have Collins, Matt, or Joe create a drink for you.
2	This place based on what it could be... is a Dud.Food is so-so.  Salsa is like marinara sauce. They say it is fresh guac, but it looks and tastes like it is out of a can.They have cool yelp check in discounts.  But the food is just average.  I think Sandbar has just as good food, and better chips salsa and guac, if you are looking to do Bar type Mexican food.
3	Not much to say about this place.  It is not real Mexican food.  It is not cheap Mexican food. It is certainly not fast Mexican food.  So - I really don't know what it *is*.A girlfriend and I went in before a concert at the Compound in the same plaza.  A couple iced teas (we decided to skip the margaritas with the plans on filling our liquor consumption quotas at the concert), and the decision to split the nachos with shredded pork and the crab stuffed shrimp appetizers, as neither of us was super hungry.Nothing wrong with the chips and salsa - fresh and decent flavor - but nothing special.  The nachos were about as three star, middle of the road as a plate of nachos could possibly be.  Had they been missing any key ingredient - had something been prepared poorly or past its prime, I'd be able to suggest how to improve them - but they were just plain OK.  The crab stuffed shrimp were fantastic - in concept.  Somewhere between the idea of them and the finished product being placed on the table, something went really wrong.  The breading used to fry them made them downright hard on the outside.  Either fork and knife or handle to gnaw off a bite was required.  The sticky sweet sauce they were tossed in didn't help at all.  The flavor was fine - but the texture just didn't work for me.The prices weren't awful, given the ZIP code.  2 iced teas and the 2 apps - I was out for $30 + tip.  Half of that was the crab/shrimp debacle.  Will I go back - well, if in the same shopping plaza - and with a friend in the mood for Mexican-style munchies - AND most of the other restaurants are closed - SURE!  Would I go out of my way to plan a meal here?  Most likely not.  Too much good Mexican food in this town to drive out of my way for what some gringo thinks the folks of N Scottsdale think Mexican food is supposed to taste like.
2	Went with a friend and my sister for early dinner, reasonable prices for happy hour on apps and drinks!Food was mediocre nothing special and can't really compete with more authentic mexican joints in the area.Was a mexican restaurant posing as a sports bar is how I'd describe it.Basically just went because we had a groupon NOW deal, wont be back again.
1	Went in today with a yelp deal on my phone. They would only except printed deals. Even though i had a conformation number. Food is average at best. Probably won't go back.
4	great place for lunch and to watch the Alabama games. fast service and friendly staff make this a great spot for cocktails as well.
5	Good food great service and a nice atmosphere. Reasonably priced. Good margarita selection. They even kept the families with kids on the other side of the restaurant.
5	OKay I won't lie to you I went here originally because I got a two for one certificate from the Entertainment Book. And I have eaten here 5 times at full price ever since. Everything both my wife and I have tried is great especially the Bacon Wrapped Shrimp. This is Gourmet Mexican food at regular prices. Great atmosphere.. Great Bar.... Good Sports Bar also. I love the outside seating especially Spring and Fall in Snottsdale.Try it you will Like it!
3	I have only been here during happy hour.  But the food was good and the service was exceptional.  I also got to use a yelp deal.  I may try it again if I am in the area.
5	Great Place for Mexican food and to watch or listen to the football games.  Everything was great, service, quality taste, portion size.  I do recommend you order their hotter sauce, much more flavorful than their standard sauce.  I had the Fajitas (steak and shrimp combo) and my wife had the fish tacos.  The Yelp deal made it even better.
3	I came here with a friend for a Groupon dinner.  We got an appetizer assortment , an entree each, and a house margarita.  The app plate came with mini chimichangs (yay), chicken taquitos (yay), cheese quesadilla (nay), and wings (ok).  I had a decent chicken fajita, and my friend loved her steak fajitas.  The drinks were a little too strong in my opinion.  Overall, I would need another try at this place without the Groupon deal, and see if they can execute more flavorful food.
1	NOT GREAT, management is awful, will not honor coupons even if it did not expire and, they were closed.  The food when we did eat there was not cooked properly, and, they were handling the food with no gloves. *****SERVICE, NONE!!!!*****
3	If your banker ever invites you to lunch, insisting on the restaurant, I hope for your sake it's a place you don't like. Because here's what happens when it's a place you like.She (the banker) drops some kind of bomb on you during lunch, making you want to reach across the table and kiss her with the little corona beer bottle salt shaker. You don't of course, but that does a couple of things.First, you'll never return. Even though the service and food were good, you'll avoid the place as if you were about to contract a new strain of chlamydia by touching the hot plate your server told you not to. (I can never resist) Second, the next time you order fajitas anywhere, no matter how good they are, you'll dredge up memories of that day that are best forgotten. And it's a damned good thing if you do forget them.Otherwise you're going to have one helluva time explaining to the ER trauma surgeon how you got a corona salt shaker jammed up your ass after your banker's apparition appeared on your wife's face and you unspooled.
4	Great atmosphere.  The food is awesome but if you do not like spicy food I would not recommend it.  There food can be a bit on the spicy side, I love it but not everyone would.
4	As a transplant to North Scottsdale I noticed the lack of real Mexican food. Blue Agave isn't what I would call real Mexican food but it is still a really good place eat. My family and myself dine here at least once a week and I can vouch that their fajitas, enchiladas, and I know my dad father loves their shrimp salad. Their chips and salsa are tasty and the drinks are relatively cheap and you can usually find a $10 for $20 coupon on here which makes it a good value.
4	I came here with a friend before heading to the movies.  I bought the Yelp Deal which was a gift certificate $10 for $20 towards your purchase.   The servers were very friendly and knowledgeable.  We had the endless chips and salsa and 2 shredded beef tacos!  The salsa was delicious and the tacos were very tasty.  The happy hour drinks are also a great deal.  This place is  perfect to stop at before a movie or even for happy hour or dinner!
4	I have been here a few times for lunch and they have a really great lunch menu with low prices and good food. The service is pretty good and they get you in and out fast, which helps when you are headed back to work. I like the chicken enchiladas, lunch price $6.99 and it comes with your choice of side between fries, black or pinto beans soup or a salad. Not a bad deal!
4	Lunch review:  Great quick lunch options. I'm a big fan of the lunch salads.  They are very filling (paired with the free chips and salsa!!)  My favorite is the Chipotle Chicken Salad (Mixed lettuce, black beans, roasted corn, cheese mix, pico de gallo topped with grilled chicken)-- it's only $6.99.  The spunky chipotle dressing is delish.  There are also several lunch-sized versions of dinner plates available for diners looking for a heartier meal.  The service is always friendly and were are able to get in and out in less than an hour, which is very convenient during a busy work day.
3	This place is probably one of the better mexican restaurants we have been to. In terms of food. The best thing I've had here is the steak burrito with the jalapeno cream sauce, they have a chipotle cream sauce thats pretty good too, but what I do is half and half on the burrito! We have also gotten the vegetarian enchiladas as well as the chicken, even though its not on the menu, they still are cool and let you customize the enchiladas, fillings/sauces. The prices are pretty good, especially if you use the Yelp Deal!! The dishes are about $10-15 per dish. Depending on what you get. The reason this place is pretty good is because they have things that are atypical of other mexican restaurants. They have unique menu items in some aspects. We also have hit this place up for happy hour as well (we were in the area with some friends and SUPER hungry). We planned on eating dinner there, but the happy hour menu looked good so we just decided on that. The drinks are well priced about $3-5 for draft beer and margaritas. ALSO the food is pretty well priced too. We ordered the Guacamole ($2), the bean dip ($2) and the Sonoran fish rolls. DONT GET THOSE. They were so salty and gross, the sauce that it came with looked brown and muddy, and we ended up asking for the jalapeno cream sauce (which makes EVERYTHING better). The fish was also super salty, I think they said they use a halibut. Other than that, we were full, and semi pleased. It may just be worth it to use a yelp deal and order off the main menu (which is way better), if you are looking to save. Even if you don't have a deal the food is not priced terribly high. They have flat screen TVs in the bar and outside patio if you want to watch the game so if its not too hot, I recommend hanging out and watching the game with friends.  Its located in a strip mall so a little hard to find, just keep looking its in the back, I think near a bed bath and beyond or something. Its on the opposite side of the street as the whole foods and the container store. ENJOY!
2	Meh.Went here because of the Yelp deal after we saw a movie. Ordered the fish tacos and was really disappointed. You can tell they use frozen fish. I ordered the fish fried, traditional style, and it was rubbery and greasy. Honestly, I've had way better at a chain like Rubios for half the price. It didn't even come with lime, but a tangy sauce that was way too overpowering. The rice was dry, the queso fresco on my black beans was rotten and the beans weren't all the way cooked. Nasty. I ordered a quesadilla off the kids menu with a side of fruit for the kids. It was pretty small and the fruit was a fruit cup NOT fresh fruit. Why wouldn't you serve fresh fruit? However, the salsa was good. Very smokey (chipotle perhaps?)Needless to say, I was unimpressed with the food.On the upside, the margaritas were good (and strong!). I had the skinny and my husband had a blended strawberry. They also have really good happy hour specials. The service was ok. Nothing spectacular but not bad.I'd probably return for happy hour but definitely not for the food. It's pretty much a sports bar (lots of flat screens playing sports) that serves gringo style Mexican food.
2	Really nicely plated. One entree was hot and other two served lukewarm. Good salsa. Nothing special flavor wise on any of our entrees. Long wait for food. Margaritas would be more appropriately called 'dwarf margaritas.'  I at one point found myself wondering how you can screw up ice water. Answer = put only three ice cubes in it and serve it tepid, if asked for more water, walk off with the glass and return it with the apparently standard three-cube tepid temp fill. Not a dining experience we'll be repeating unless he'll freezes over.
3	It's a good place for lunch, but for dinner the meals are over priced. The lunch menu is still a little spendy for a lunch meal. Try the special soup, the creamy jalapeno, it's fantastic.
1	I've been here a couple of times, hoping that it'd get better, but it never does.The food is greasy and very unappealing.  Well, if you like bland, flavorless grease, then it's ok.  There *is* a difference between a hard taco and a soft taco.  When they bring you the wrong kind and you politely point it out, then *do* offer to remake it for you, but they act like it's the biggest burden in the world.  While waiting for our order, I put my elbows on the table.  The table was so greasy, my arm slid across the table.  Ewww, gross.  Use more than an old dirty rag to wipe it down please.There's one waitress that's very rude, and somehow I seem to get her.  I did notice that on my last visit, my debit card was charged and extra time for something I didn't order.  Classy.  I wonder how many times that goes and people just don't check their bank statements.  Luckily my bank is fixing that one.I'm still in search of a good Mexican eatery.
4	This was not my first time at Blue Agave. We went a few years ago and weren't really impressed. The Yelp deal helped me try it out again and I can honestly say I am pleased with our decision. Everything was great!  They have an awesome menu with some items that seemed slightly different than your standard Mexican restaurant choices.  We were very pleased with the food and service. We'll be back.
4	I don't really know why people don't like this place.  It is American Mexican food and is always good.  The salsa is amazing, and the pork burrito I had was perfect.  Try this place you will like it.
5	I have been to Blue Agave every Sunday, when my favorite football team plays. They have a very solid staff in place with a good selection of food. Everything tried may not fit my style, but it's highly recommended to everyone to try. That's what unique about the Blue Agave. The staff is friendly and has a great atmosphere on any occastion.
4	The spicy boneless pork ribs are one of my favorite dishes of any mexican restaurant I have been to.  Easily a pound of meat in a zesty sauce covered in melting cheese.  The margaritas however suck.  Zero tequila
3	Great happy hour with cheap margs is the best thing Blue Agave has to offer. Atmopshere is lacking. Not fun or authentic. Maybe after a couple of margs, it appears to be decent but really not a hot spot that makes me want to go back. There are other local places for HH nearby so I wouldn't go out of the way to come here. Foodwise I wouldn't really bother.
3	I would say the food was average and the service was the same. We took a chance with yelp deal. Salsa is really good. Spinach and cheese enchiladas good. Nothing really great.  My wife wanted to try a dish with the Oaxaca sauce so we asked our server what was actually made of. Never really got a full answer. The black bean and corn enchiladas my wife had were less than good. I took a bite and it tasted like canned beans and corn. ?? Their prices are good compared to other Scottsdale restaurants,  but I would rather pay a few bucks more a plate and get really really good food.  They have like 30 entrees on the menu if you are into that, but haven't they seen the show "Restaurant impossible". Try having half the menu items but make them incredible and people will come for the food and not the Alabama games.
4	Mexican food in Arizona, it can be a bit scarry for me since I love California mexican food...yes theres a difference.  I ordered the relleno and enchilada, the relleno was spicy and stuffed with tomatoes, cheese, pork and some kind of spicy sauce...it was spicy yes but very good.  The enchilada was stuffed with chicken and also very good.  I had a margarita that was made very well and on top of all that the service was excellent!
4	Perfect place for a work day lunch. Locally owned too.
4	Twenty-ounce Dos Equis Ambers for $3.25 during happy hour.Chips are served warm. The guacamole is a delight.If you're an enchilada sauce aficionado, they've got a red sauce that's out of this world. I had a dish called....well, fuck me runnin...I forget now.Anyway, its a braised pork dish topped with enchilada sauce, red or green. Lots of tv sets to watch sporting events. Booths are comfy and the server was extremely pleasant, as if she actually enjoyed her job. Now there's a novel concept.The hostess was dizzy but nice. Overall, this is a pretty decent experience when White Chocolate Grill is up to its gunwales in Scottsdale douche-nozzles waiting (60-90 minutes)  for a table.Last time I ate at Blue Agave my banker brought me here to end our relationship.That was 2009. Four years and one great recession later, BAMC is still in business. Kudos to BAMC for surviving the great recession. As it relates to my former banker, I hope she's now homeless and no longer has access to feminine hygiene products, or even soap and water for that matter. And, vinegar too.A fitting salute for that stinky lending-whore.
4	We tried this place for the first time on Monday night.  DELICIOUS!  I had the Tres Enchiladas and one of their margaritas.  The server was very sweet and the food came out in a timely manner.  The only downfall is that on the Kids Eat Free app, this place is listed as a Monday night choice.  They do NOT offer kids eat free.  The server was apologetic and explained that they are taking that off their website.  They had a great happy hour and I can't wait to go back.  There were about five other dishes I wanted to try..
2	Everyone looks for that little hole in the wall that turns out to be a gem in the rough.  This isn't it.  it's closer to rough than gem.  Food is iffy at best.  Service is borderline.  They have good hours and the chips are relatively fresh so all is not a loss.
4	Terrific happy hour- good food, great drinks- awesome specials!
1	Went here for my Birthday with a big group.  We made reservations for a late lunch.  I was looking forward to this as we usually eat here 2 times a month or more and it's one of my favorites.  Our server was too busy talking to the bartender and answering the phone to take our order and did not fill drinks unless asked.When we paid our bill we left the tip on the table and left.  The server followed us to the door to as where her tip was and why we didn't add it in.  When we told her it was on the table she said oh I was worried and walked off.  I could not believe how RUDE.  When I spoke to the manager he just said she was scared she got jipped and he'd tell her she shouldn't follow people.   REALLY!!  That's it??  We get followed out, embarrassed and she was worried?I will no longer be making the out of the way drive to this restaurant when this is the way they are going to treat customers who regularly frequent their establishment.  I will not recommend them anymore either after this!
5	We have been meaning to try this place for so long and finally went there. It was DELISH!  It's a nice "mom and pop" kinda place. The prices are reasonable and the portions are a good size.  We've gone back there 3 times!  You can sign up for their VIP club and get 20% off your first bill after you sign up.  It's kid friendly.  If you wanna go and hang and watch a game or something, they have a great happy hour!  I plan on going back there often!!
4	Let's keep it simple. Good food, good prices, and The Agave Margarita (5 stars on the rocks thank you!) with fresh lime juice, tequila and a splash of something else I can't remember. Good experience, friendly service, tolerant of my 3 year old.That sums it up.
3	Chunky tasteful quesadilla with shrimp and veggies. Fresh chips. Service decent. Blue Agave's simply needs to step up game with their salsas to be more remarkable.
4	We found this joint thanks to Groupon last year.  Since that first visit, we've been here a couple more times.  It's in a shopping center just off Mayo & Scottsdale Rd....for some reason, this shopping center doesn't do very well, places close down frequently.  We're happy that this hasn't. Here are some items we've had here:Mexican Bean Dip, $4.99Spinach Con Queso, $5.99 Nachos, $8.99 Owner's Chimichanga (Shredded Chicken, Black Beans, Cheese, Rice, Pico de Gallo Charrio Sauce w/Jalapeno Cream Sauce and Green Chili Sauce, Sliced Poblano Peppers, Cheese, Shredded Lettuce and Sour Cream), $13.99 Ultimate Chimichanga (Roasted Pork, Rice, Pinto Beans, Cheese, Green Chili Sauce and Pico de Gallo), $15.99The food is very good.  My fav's are the Nachos & the Ultimate and Owner Chimichangas.  The Bean Dip and Spinach con Queso are very good too, but if you get those don't get a large entree like the Chimichangas because it's too much food.The servers are friendly.  The restaurant can get packed during happy hour and peak dinner hours.Overall, it's a nice neighborhood family restaurant.Return Factor - 80%
4	Writing me review a little late, but better late than never! A good friend of mine and I visit here every once in a while to grab dinner after work. He always get's the fish tacos, and I've had various things off the menu. I've yet to have anything I didn't enjoy, the burrito was larger than a football and very flavorful.   The shredded beef taco's are definitely not the quality of tin foil wrapped street tacos, but still quite delicious.   My only real complaint is the salsa. It's quite bland without much kick, the warm chips are awesome though!  Definitely a place we will continue to go for convenience and knowing the food is reliable. Oh, and the staff is also really friendly!
4	I can only review on the happy hour specials as we didn't order from the regular menu. As far as happy hour goes, Blue Agave has some great specials. We ordered the chicken chimis and the chicken taquitos. Both were very good and the service was top notch. Our chips and drinks were never less than half full.My great experience from happy hour makes me want to come back and try some food from their dinner menu. Stay posted for a future review!
4	Enjoyed a quieter atmosphere seated outside with my family. The waitress was friendly, patient and accommodating. Food was fair and the drinks were reasonably priced. The Chimini birthday desert made our night. Thanks
3	My main reason for the new rating is for effort. I have realized with this place too it is very important when you go there to eat. If it is during college football season when they are busy you will get a much better dinner. Other times not as good and service may not be as good. The owner is a very nice man who seems to truly care an love what he does.   I will try this again in the fall :)
4	My husband and I really like this place for great Mexican food.  The food is always good! The only thing I would work on are the margaritas. I have had better. But other than that this place has great food! The carne asada rice bowl is awesome!
4	I went last night for dinner but I've been coming to this place for years due to its convenient location.  I have to be honest, I think the menu had radically improved!  I love their chips and salsa and if you love spicy you can ask for a hotter version.  We shared the Ultimate Chimichanga and it was bomb-delicious! They split our plates and I could only eat 1/2 of it! Great value especially when sharing!! I'm craving leftovers already! Going back very soon!
4	Blue Agave has tasty food, good drinks, and best of all, it's a great place to watch Alabama football in the Fall.  RTR!  Try the Kettle Carne; it's the perfect starter.
5	This is my GOTO MexFix!  It will be yours as well I am so very happy my boss decided to hold our monthly birthday party for the staff here.  The sat a party of 11 got our drinks (Not a martini lunch) quickly, made some excellent recommendations and served up some of the Yummiest Mexican I have had in a long time.My friend ordered this amazing burrito and couldn't finish it, yeah I had lunch the next day.
5	Literally my #1 good spot for Mexican that isn't too heavy.  Great margaritas and theres never a wait for seating.  Nice patio, bar, or dining room seating options.Pros:Organic margaritaSonoran rollsUltimate chimiGrilled fish tacosRequested hot sauceFriendly team serviceGreat parking and location off 101 & Scottsdale rdCons:House chips not homemadeHouse salsa is bland, prob not homemadeThe hunny and I here keep coming back here each month to get the Sonoran rolls or grilled fish tacos- so yummy!  We made a date night a few times at blue agave and then picked up dessert from whole foods across the street . :)
3	Not impressed. It wasn't that it was bad, it just wasn't anything notable. We're blessed to have a lot of really good Mexican fare available to us in the area, but this doesn't make that distinction (in my humble opinion.) We decided to stop in after going to the movies and when I checked in on Yelp, there was a special deal $10 for $20 worth of food - why not? We ordered traditional margaritas (a bit too sweet). For entrees: Jefe Pollo and two tacos (pork & chicken). The cole slaw that came with the chicken was good, and the piece of chicken was large, but unfortunately, overcooked. The black bean salsa was flavorful, too. The tacos were so-so. Not bad, not good.When we got our bill, the waitress had not included the Yelp deal so had to re-do it. I think this place has a bit of identity crisis. The bar area was like a sports bar which didn't seem to fit with the restaurant theme. And can someone explain the 3 aquariums on the wall dividing the bar from the restaurant? First of all, either the (plexi)glass is very scratched, or the water is dirty. Not attractive or appealing. One tank had a bunch of teeny fish, and I saw one fish in another tank, but one tank looked empty - maybe the fish were hiding. But at first glance, these look like 3 tanks with fake coral in them. I just don't get why they are there - doesn't seem to fit with the whole Mexican food - agave theme.I'd like to give this place 2 1/2 stars but since I can't, 3 it is. I doubt we'll be back - lots of other options.
5	The food was very good as well as the service.  We came for a late lunch/early dinner after a long day at the nearby Mayo Clinic.  Not crowded and my husband enjoyed the easily to view televisions that were tuned into a sports channel.  We will return.
4	After I got over the first impression, I loved it. It looks like more of a sports bar and the salsa left a lot to be desired, but when the food came I was impressed. The chili relleno was the best I've ever had, and the fish tacos were interesting in a good way. The "chili" rating on the menu is accurate - they are spicier than expected.
4	We got the chicken burrito and jefe pollo.  Both were tasty, but way more food than a normal size human should be able to eat in one sitting. I highly recommend the chipotle cream sauce. Wait staff was really nice, but the abundant number of big screen tvs detracted from the otherwise pleasant atmosphere. As far as Mexican food goes, it won't blow your mind, but it will probably hit the spot.
5	Fantastic food (great portion sizes also!), and staff was wonderful to us and our one year old baby. We'll be back soon!
5	Awesome Staff and great food!!
4	Good food, service and ambience. The quantity is too much, therefore one cannot eat completely. I would suggest to serve small portions so that people like me would like to visit every week.  I ordered chimichanga burrito and enjoyed the food.
4	Very Yummy lunch! Great atmosphere.  Outdoor patio! Staff was very attentive! You should go!
4	Best spinach con queso ever! The strawberry margarita was also very good!
4	We are from out of town and trying to find a Mexican restaurant a friend recommended on Mayo just to discover it was shut down. Bummer because now we were craving Mexican food. Pulled up Yelp on phn which led us here and we were not disappointed! The server was lovely and attentive and recommended the Baja Enchiladas (shrimp filled enchiladas with a yummy chipotles sauce) and they did not disappoint, simply delicious! My husband also loved his dinner (Baja Platter)!
5	I went here with a friend off of a Groupon.  The food was amazing.  The service was amazing.  Our drinks and chips were constantly full.  The food was incredible.  The outdoor seating is the place to be.  Would definitely go back.Thanks!
4	Good food, reasonable $$$$, and more important a good staff and mgmt.    we go almost on a weekly basis, and we always get a wave from the mgr and other servers.  Very friendly place.  Good margaritas!!!!!!
5	Good food great service
1	Food poisoning from this place. Avoid it. I would give it negative stars. I am still sick in bed from last night.
1	Recently came here for happy hours and dinner with some collegues. The food was disgusting and made me sick, I think I might have got food posioning. I ordered chicken lettuce wrap, the chicken was over cooked and was overly chunky with some stale salsa (it smelled and tasted that way EEEKK.)Our waitress was pissed for some weird reason and kept making faces when people asked her for additional stuff! Terrible place, will never visit and definetly wont recommend anybody to go there and get sick!!!
5	great food, great appetizers, especially their chicken wings, nothing like it.  The friedwon ton desert is out of this world, the staff is amazing.  A MUST TO GO TO.
5	Went there about a year ago it was ok just had drinks But went on a Groupon tonight and had dinner with the family  and it was awesome the place looked a little different inside a lot nicer very clean . The service was great training a couple of new waiters but they had shadows with them and Still great service and the food was amazing we had steak fajitas , cheese crisp , and a chicken burrito all fresh and not heavy like some places serves mex food  drinks where spot on and kept our glasses filled. We will be coming back again!!
5	Love this place.    Great food, great service and a great atmosphere! Highly recommend it!!
2	Came here with my wife for a casual, low-key dinner...Pros:  Service was excellent, our waiter was a super nice guy and made sure we were taken care of during our dining experience.  Wish more waiters were like him....The restaurant also has a sizable bar and outdoor seating available.  Located in a shopping plaza with plenty of parking.Cons:  Food was OK.  I ordered the chimichanga and wife got the burrito rice bowl along with spinach queso dip.  The salsa for the chip was far below average, almost like a thickened ketchup.  I wish I had more  positive things to say about the food.  Disappointed with the food and cannot recommend as a place to go.
3	This place is just pretty average.  I don't have a problem coming back for dinner  but can't seem myself seeking it out.  The food was fine, the service was good, and the price was fair.  They did have a pretty awesome drink the "Mexican Mule" was very good
1	Just sloppy messy mexican food - nothing special
4	This was my first dinner out in Phoenix and the quality has been consistent for years. The food is fresh and the atmosphere is clean and inviting. The bar offers excellent service and the chips and salsa are among my favorite in the Valley. I recommend the Baja Platter for anyone who likes seafood. The steak tacos are also delicious!
4	Chimichanga was amazing, spicy and perfect! The skinny margarita was mostly ice which was a bummer. Kids quesadilla meal is pretty plain and it is not fresh fruit, which was a downfall. I would totally go again to try a different drink and hopefully catch happy hour!
4	I must say I was pleasantly surprised by how good this place is.     Starting with the big bowl of chips and salsa, the salsa was flavored with the perfect list of ingredients.   I ordered the Ultimate Chimichanga and my companion, the Baja Fish Tacos.    I am not real big on fried food, but the chimichanga was not greasy at all.    I ordered it with the chicken, and it also contained beans and various cheese and seasoning.    Yummm!!    My companion had the crispy version of the fish tacos.   It came with a sauce, which was completely unnecessary.     The flavors couldn't have been better.    Would I return?   You betcha!!
2	Spinach con queso always resembles baby vomit, so it better taste exceptional. I could have made this at home, with a box of Velveeta and a can of spinach. Gross. Salsa, eh so so, on the soupy side. It's never a good sign when you walk into an establishment and wait 30 seconds, wondering if you should just seat yourself. I was generous by giving two stars, my cocktail was tasty and they had my favorite candy, which I took a handful of upon my departure. I won't be going back.
3	I am giving Blue Agave a 3 star because of the service.  From the hostess who greeted us, our server, to the manager who stopped by our table----friendly, personable, efficient.Not so much for the food.   Let's start with the chips and salsa.  The chips tasted like those kind that come in a big cardboard box shipped in from Chicago, and we got the bottom of the box and they were stale.  The bowl of salsa we got had no bite and had a weird bitter flavor.  DH asked our nice server for something with some more "bang" and he returned with a bowl he said was chipotle.  It was a little spicer, but it had a weird "dirt" flavor.  Okay, skip the chips and salsa.  But that was really the worse of it.DH ordered the Ultimate Chimichanga.  I ordered the Stuffed Rellenoes.  Our meals  came out fast, came out hot, and were of generous proportion---which is good, because at 15.99 and 12.99, they weren't cheap, really.  We definitely both brought home half our meals.  And yep, we brought home the leftovers because there was nothing wrong with the meals---they just weren't memorable enough that we'd ever come special to the Blue Agave (we were at BB&B at dinner time).  The pulled pork that was in both my and DH's entrees was bland, though pretty tender.  The whole meal was kind of bland.  Forgettable,  Although I did like that my meal came with a side of sauteed vegetables rather than the inevitable beans and rice.But it was hot and filling and acceptable and we liked the staff.BTW---maybe we weren't impressed by our meals, but a lady in a booth across and up from us must have really not liked her dinner, because even three booths away, we could hear her haranguing her server about her meal.  She wasn't pleasant at all.  Hey, People---LISTEN UP!  Your server did not (99.9% of the time) cook your meal.  It;s okay to tell them you didn't enjoy your food, but to subject them to a bitter tirade...c'mon, it's a meal, not a life-altering decision.  There are ways to handle it, like ask to speak to the manager of even the chef, but to natter on at a poor server whose only crime was to carry the plate to your table.  Really?So if we are back down there shopping, maybe we'd stop in again, but there are some other places in the area I have been wanting to try, so...  I can tell you if they brought the quality of the food to the level of service, we'd be there a couple of times a month.  Kudos to the staff!
5	excellent food and drinks, happy hour is awesome
4	Listen up, I'm full Mexican and I grew up with a mom that cooked the best authentic Mexican food while I was growing up.  I'm very picky when it comes to eating at Mexican restaurants.  It's hard to separate my homemade mother's creations with what they serve at some of these places.  I ordered the Carne Asada pizza with jalapenos on top.  I shared it with my wife and I regret not getting my own.  It was pretty delicious and well created.The homemade salsa was meh.  Too sweet for my liking.  I love heat in my salsa so I asked for one with more kick and they brought over a fire roasted salsa.  It was a little hotter, but it still didn't catch my taste buds.  I would come back to try more of the menu.
5	Has to be one of the best local chill spots in Phoenix. Their coronitas and food are absolutely amazing!
4	I don't like Mexican food as a general rule. I don't like beans. I don't like sour cream or guac.  It's all gross. But I was pleasantly surprised when  my gf and I went here.  It was close and had a Yelp deal so we tried it out. We've actually been there twice. The food was great. I had a braised pork dish.  The place wasn't packed which I liked. Pretty chill please. You can have a conversation.  Dessert was awesome. The cookie dough taquitos or whatever they were.  I didn't give 5 stars because I wasn't blown away.  But my expectations were exceeded.  I will def go back
5	Some of the best Mexican food I've had. And a great environment for family and friends.
5	Awesome food, great service. Had the green chili steak enchiladas and they were great. Decently priced, especially with the yelp deal! Will be back!
5	This is a great place for satisfying your Mexican food cravings.  Chips and salsa were great!  Love the house special chimi was awesome!  It is enough for 2. The slow roasted pork and variety of sauced made it fun to eat! The 3 Amigos platter was great as we sampled a taco enchilada and tamale. Best part of all; the manager allowed our entertainment discount without a coupon!  We will be back!
4	My favorite chips and salsa in Phoenix.  My taste in Mexican food restaurants is highly based on their Chips and Salsa.  This place is great!  The spicy boneless port ribs are awesome, and the burritos are just as good.  Very nice atmosphere and a comfortable place for a good Mexican meal!
4	This is one of my local favorites for work lunch.  The noise level is pretty low so conversations are easy.  I really like the Jalepeno Cream soup and my new favorite is the fish tacos. I recommend both dishes if you are trying to figure out something.
5	Amazing food and drinks! One of our favorite places to go to satisfy Mexican food craving. You know the place is good when chips and salsa are the bomb!
2	We did the happy hour thing. Had the lettuce wrap and some fish wrap.  Meh. Mediocre at best.
5	I know Mexican food look at my name. Blue Agave is a great restaurant with great prices good atmosphere good for Football. The carne Asada is good the Bacon wrapped Shrimp, the Ultimate Chimi tastes very good, Tacos are great, Fish Tacos are very good. Get the point! Don't listen to the wanna be professional critics on yelp, try this place and you will like it. I will agree that the salsa isn't my favorite but my wife loves it.
4	The food is good AZ Mexican food. What really differentiates this place is the dessert. Chocolate chip cookie dough chimichangas. Unbelievable. Get them!
4	Generous portions and good food.  I appreciatef the choice of black beans in addition to refried beans.
5	Tried this place out on a whim one night. Sat in the bar area and this was a great choice. Bartender was friendly and attentive.  He suggested the organic Margarita and all I can say is WOW! I have never had such a tasty and refreshing margrita. This was followed up by a equally delicious Carne asada rice bowl. Their menu is different and exciting. They also offer a good variety of better tequilas. Oh and they have a reverse happy hour. All around a good place will be going back.
5	We love Blue Agave, and have been coming for years.  The service is always very accommodating, friendly, and attentive.  We usually order the Chohulo (sp?) salad which isn't a typical taco salad, but a much different, "spunkier" type of meal! :) It's excellent.  We've also had the enchiladas and Owner's Burrito (I think it's called) and all are very, very tasty.  They attract a vast array of people from business lunch-goers, to sports fans, to kids and older adults alike. There's something for everyone on their menu and we continue to call it one of our favorite restaurants.
3	My son & I came here to eat after an Adventure Run and ordered the chicken quesadilla & the chicken tender kid's meal. We were both disappointed with our meals. The chicken quesadilla did not have enough cheese in there and chicken tender in the kid's meal was not real chicken- it was processed. The fruit that came with the meal was not fresh, it was the canned fruit kind except it came in a plastic cup. So neither one of us really enjoyed our meal. The chicken quesadilla was a large portion size and came with sour cream & lettuce & tomato. The kid's meal portion was small. My son was still hungry afterwards. The complimentary chips & salsa was tasty. The place was packed with runners from the Adventure Run and it did not seem like they had enough waitstaff. My son had to grab the waiter twice to get his attention. Overall, the atmosphere is good. We would go back and give the menu another try but I would not recommend anything on the kid's menu. Better off ordering off of the regular menu and have leftover to take home for the kids.
5	The service and food here is consistently great.  Nice atmosphere too, kind of like a neighborhood sports bar.  We have never had a long wait either and we are always very satisfied with wait staff and our meals are delicious.
5	Amazing steak fajitas, great salsa, and the BEST service (we ate at the bar). We watched football, and met friendly people, while enjoying a yummy dinner with enough food to share one entree and an appetizer;)
5	Im not a fan of Mexican food but my husband is so we tried this place out after finding it in the "nearby" list on Yelp. I was pleasantly surprised! Great food!
4	Food was very good, very big portions. A good value for the money. Our waiter Ishmael was excellent.
4	(Lyrics - Epic - Faith No More)Can you taste it, see it, try it today?If you can't, then it doesn't matter anywayYou will never understand it until you eat fastAnd it taste so good, it's like the nectar of godsIt's so good, it's so fresh, it's alrightIt's so groovy, it's outta sightYou can touch it, smell it, taste it so sweetBut it makes no difference cuz it knocks you off your feetAt Blue Agave Mexican Cantina....Gotta say this place has had it's ups and downs!  This time around was definitely on the up side.  I visited after a Fun Run across the street with RoadRunner Sports.  The place was packing with runners, but they were prepared!  Chips and salsa on the table were great!  Is it just me or do we all gauge Mexican restaurants by their chips and salsa!?  Needless to say, chips and salsa here was excellent -- not too spicy, but not to bland.  I ordered the Carne Asada Rice Bowl for my main entree.  Overall a solid meal for any runner.  Packed with rice, cheese, lettuce and tender beef.  Again, no need to add the spice.  This dish had enough kick to it!The ambiance was similar to a sports bar, but of course with some Mexican flare.  The service was on the ball that night and in the end a definite revisit is to come! - Enjoy!
3	Since North Scottsdale is light on passable Mexican this becomes the de facto spot to scratch the occasional taco itch. Solid menu and a decent sports bar environment should you want to catch a game. Recent price increases to the menu have taken the luster off of what was once a solid member of my lunch rotation.
2	Eh...nothing special here. If you are craving REAL mexican food with real cheese stay away  from Agave. I came here because of the yelp deal but it never looked that great to me driving through the shopping center. Im not a cook but I can easily whip up the menu and it would taste just the same. I guess i call this bar food or the ...?? No, Kraft Mac n Cheese of Mexican.
4	You want to run away from the bar scene but still watch sports, well this is the place. Chips and salsa are great and no complaints about the food. Go and enjoy.
2	Location is great, as is the ambiance, but the server seemed unhappy to be there and the food was only mediocre.  I would suggest going elsewhere!
5	This place gets 5 stars simply because it's an Alabama bar in Scottsdale. ROLL TIDE. ..... Thier bean dip and queso are on point as well.
