5	Have been going to this AH-SO for year's way before it got popular, you have to go in at the right time now if you don't like to wait. I like this one better than the one on 75th ave food wise it is better. I will write another review on that location for more detail's.The staff is alway's friendly although I can't say that for the waitress last night she didn't seem that interested in keeping us happy despite the $180 that was spent. My friend tipped her $25 he is very generous, if she would have paid more attention it probably would have been $50 but I digress...on to the food!! I go mainly for the sushi, it is excellent! I am extremely  picky and like Ikura (Salmon Roe) it is alway's delicous and fresh here which is very rare around here. The specialty dish called Lobster Dynamite is to die for if you can afford it at $20, it's a must! The tuna titaki is oh so very melt in your mouth good and the green mussel's are also a fav of mine, perfect every time! For drinks I like their specialty Samaurai for a fruity but not too sweet drink umbrealla and all. The plum wine is very good there too if you dont want the traditional beer & sake.We went teppanyaki last night I had the Calamari Steak dinner, my partner's in crime had the Chef Special (lobster and filet) he alway's has this fer teppanyaki, and the other had AH-SO special (shrimp/steak combo) all dinners come with soup/salad/fried rice/veggies I like the soup here it's not too salty like some miso's are and I always eat my salad too, the dressing is yummy. Plenty of food we can never eat it all and need a box. Teppanyaki is a fav for b-day's they sing and beat the drum while they bring you a tasty fruit boat. They also take your pic and you can put it up on their wall or take it with youThe staff is very friendly there. There is a huge pond fountain thing complete with koi and tiny trurtle in the center that seperates the teppanyaki tables from the dinner tables and sushi bar so you have your 3 choices. I have a 5 yr old and she love's the water feature, they even let her feed the koi at times. All in all you can't go wrong here with the food!!
4	This place is Ah-So good and tons of fun. I think it's a little more expensive than it should be but I still go every few months or so. Great sushi and good food.
1	This place has horrible service, I'm not sure if they are racist to their own race or what their problem is. They gave us miso soup without spoons, which is fine because some places do that, but when I asked for spoons they said, "that's how to drink miso, without spoons." I don't know what else to say really, a restaurant can't even give me spoons because I asked for some? And when she told me this, she had this attitude like I am crazy because I asked for something outrageous or something. Ridiculous I tell you, I've never been back and never will. The sushi was decent, but by that time I was too irritated to care.
5	FANTASTIC Teppan Steak and Sushi.There isn't much more that I can say that others haven't. This place is clean and friendly, good atmosphere, the prices are...well...sushi prices.The Teppan table is a show in itself, the steak and calamari are both outstanding, but the sushi bar is wonderful as well.Order yourself a sake bomber and a Tempura roll--best sushi roll on any menu I have ever had. It is essentially a Philly roll that has been tempura battered and flash fried, then drizzled with a sweet soy sauce. The thing is practically a dessert, you must try it.
4	I have tried many sushi bars in Phoenix but as far as the quality, this location is the best I've had. I was at their location on 75th ave and have to say, the service there was much worse than this location. I took one star away because this place is kind of a dive and needs a facelift...however, that does not reflect the quality of their food. The staff is friendly and attentive. I saw a few negative reviews regarding the service. I wonder if maybe they were short staffed that day or if those people were too demanding. I've never had an issue with service here. I really wish that there were more of a variety of rolls. What they have is pretty traditional. The cucumber eel roll is probably my favorite here. There are a couple more sushi restaurants I haven't tried out yet but so far this is the best.
4	Came here on a Tuesday night recently and I was quite impressed.  The sushi was great and enjoyed the ambiance with the waterfall in the middle of the restaurant.  I'd give this place 5 stars only if they updated the place a little.  Overall I'd say check this place out and give it a shot.  Next time I will do the teppanyaki and see if that lets me overlook the outdated decor to push this place to 5 stars.
4	After initially trying their location on 75th Ave., my family and I came to this location near 59th and Bell. It is a small location with 4 teppanyaki grills, approximately 5 tables, and a sushi bar. There is a large fountain running in the middle of this restaurant and if they ever decide to expand, they may want to get rid of it. However, it was a nice feature that entertained my 4-year-old niece throughout dinner. Even though the decor is not modern and inviting, the place is clean and decent in appearance.If you plan on dining here during peak times, I encourage you to plan ahead and make reservations. It fills up quickly and they do not have much of a waiting area (most people were sitting outside on the benches and it was very cold). The food was delicious and the service was very attentive. They serve miso soup for all dinners, even for sushi orders. I enjoyed every bite of each sushi piece. It tasted well rolled and fresh. My mom doesn't care for sushi at all, but really enjoyed the teppanyaki chicken. For all three of us and one beverage, it ended up being approximately $60.
5	While I wanted to try some place new this time out I had to compromise. The Happy Valley location was brought up and I begged and pleaded to come to this location instead I am really glad we ended up back here again. There was 5 of us including my daughter and niece that cant sit still for 5 minutes. We sat down for Teppanyaki and started everything off with sushi. I still highly recommend the Samurai drink its made nice and strong just how I like it! So this place is now owned by one of the chefs and his gorgeous wife. I cant remember their names I'm really bad at that after some alcohol. I can however remember food and I had THE best roll EVER!!! It was a chefs special and it was the RED roll sooo frign good. Spicey and not sure if I'll have any other roll again. It was gorgeous see pics. I will not go to another Ah-So location this is it the best folks! It may not be huge like the one on Happy Valley but it will leave a great taste in your mouth!!My niece of 8 yrs loved it by the way she had never been!
4	I have eaten here twice and both times the rice and chicken were fantastic. The cooking performance was entertaining both times I was here. I cannot give it a five because of the charge incurred for splitting a plate.
5	Love it.  Went with my baby boy aged 12 mo. and husband.  Wonderful welcome.  Great sashimi.    Friendly owner and lovely wife.  Will go back again and again.
2	The sushi here is actually pretty good but in the two times dining in, the service was very slow and the orders were wrong. As for carryout, don't bother. I have ordered 5 carryout orders and all were either wrong or not even submitted to the kitchen when I arrived 30 min later. This is one of the only sushi places in the area but I drive to Sakana instead due to the poor service here. Bummer when the food is pretty good.
5	I went with my only friend who will get sushi with me (the rest of my friends are wusses).  We had actually wanted to go to Fresh Wasabi, but they were closed for some reason.  So we went to Ah-So and I'm so glad we did.  If I could give more than 5 stars, I would.I've had good sushi before.  But this stuff was legen- wait for it- dary.  We went three times now, and I've not had one single item that hasn't been extraordinary.Unfortunately, I didn't get a menu, and I'm having a hard time remembering exactly what we've ordered.  I remember the Booty Booty roll, the dynamite roll, a tempura roll with cream cheese and salmon, and a second climax roll.  Something else with jalapeno that was wonderful.We asked the very nice waitress for suggestions and she did not disappoint.  The presentation was just beautiful.  I'm so glad to find a great sushi place on the west side of town!
5	This is the original ah so and this should be the only one cause the others dont compare. Everyone here is so nice almost to nice if thats possible. I have been going here for years and I have been here three times in the last month. I always sit at the teppan table and get filet and shrimp and order a sushi roll. Everytime I go I create my own roll and just tell them what I want in it and they always make it just the way I was seeing it or even better. The miso soup here has beef broth in it. Its so good. It seems like most places are just chicken stock miso. All the teppan chefs are great and do all the teppan table tricks as usual like the volcano onion and flick a shrimp in your mouth with there spachula. They have $5 saki bombers for happy hour and always have some kind of special going on like special sushi rolls and entrees. They have a pound in the middle of the dinning area with small koi fish in it. I have never had a bad meal here ever.
4	This place is awesome! It's the original location and so friendly! The waitress, hostess and chef all quickly made friends with us and checked in often to make sure all was great. We went for a birthday dinner and their birthday song/ceremony was pretty sweet (with drums, singing and a tasty birthday platter). Upon leaving the hostess remembered our customizations, asked how they were and even sent us off with handshakes and hugs. Such a great place (did I say that already?). It's kind of a small place but the ambience is great and the food was really good. Cadie (our 3 year old) had so much fun watching the chef and almost caught one of those flying pieces of chicken in her mouth. I had sashimi (even though everyone else had the chef prepared-in-front-of-you meal) and everything was super good. We will definitely be back as soon as possible. It's so nice to make friends with the crew so quickly. I can't wait to return! :)
4	This is the original.  Do not be fooled by other imitation chain Ah So's.   Quality food with staff that remembers you from previous visits.  We have been going here for over 10 years and are still big fans.
4	Cool place to hang out with a group of friends and enjoy sushi and a SUPERB price.  The rolls were big and only $3, I wish this place was closer to my side of town because I'd be there every weekend.  The waitress was so friendly and down to earth, I cant emphasize enough how great the food was and the price of everything made it THAT much better!  I'd go again!
5	Went to Ah-So last night for the first time. Took advice from other reviewers and drove right past the location on Happy Valley and proceeded to this one. What a wonderful experience it was! Good service, the owner and his wife welcomed us personally... and the food was great. I had the Filet, Shrimp and Chicken Teppanyaki combo; my dining partner had the lobster, scallop and shrimp combo. The young grill master (Terry) was funny and quite adept with the tools of the trade. The filet was my favorite - it was like buttah. Just melted in your mouth. The scallops were cooked perfectly. It was a mountain of food and now we have dinner for tonight. Just one thing could have been better - we waited for our second hot sake order. But Terry saved the day and ran over to the bar himself and filled the order. Over and Above... We are looking forward to returning to this little jewel!
5	Still loving this place!  The hostess always greets us with welcoming smiles and remembers us - every time.  The owner always comes around to say hello to the customers and are always engaging in smiles and welcoming.The fish and turtle pond is so neat.  My boy loves to look inside and so do all of the other little kids there.  All staff is warm and friendly with the children.  We usually go there just for sushi, but we see lots of customers having fun with teppanyaki.  The sashimi platters are amazing as well as the special rolls.  We are always impressed with the portions and freshness of the sashimi.  LOVE the happy hour.  Everything is just always 5 star.  Will go back again and again.
5	We have been going to ah-so for years. We have always liked it but it is even better with the new owners. The owners are very hands on. The remodel makes it feel more spacious. Sushi is fresh and everything I have tried on the menu has been fantastic. Not one bad thing to say about this place. Oh, the filet is the best in town.
5	Bomb Japanese food ever!!! Pocholo has been always great to my friends familly and I. He is always professional at what he does. customer service is great, food is great, and the place all around is the best place that i have ever been to. I highly recomend ah so and if you do go there talk to Pocholo.
1	Horrible service!!! Had to get up to get my own water refill, wasabi, & ginger. Management was watching the Laker's game the whole time we were eating dinner. Our waiter disappered for 40 minutes. When we asked the bus boy for more water he refused to get it. I waited 40 minutes for my 6 pieces of sashmi. Overall management is out to lunch. Servers are rude and easily annoyed. The only positive was Chris behind the sushi bar. I hopes he moves onto a better establishment where he will earn more money!! Do NOT go here!!!
1	FOOD POISONING. I have been here numerous times and the service has always been great but the food, especially the sushi is always dissappointing. I went here recently with my friends and two of them were sharing sushi and both ended up with horrible food poisoning and were out of commission for two days. I would NEVER eat at this place if I were you.
5	My fam and I love this Ah-so THE BEsT, out of all of them. It is small and inviting. We like the sushi here better than other locations and the food seems to be better here, too. mmmm, mmmmm, mmmm... craving it now.
5	I could literally eat here every day! I've never had a bad meal or bad service here...nuff said!
5	By far this is the best sushi ever! The service is also great. We drive all the way from central Phoenix  there just to enjoy some quality food. Last night we sat where they serve teppanyaki and our chef cooked our food to perfection and offered us a great show as well. Don't forget to tip your chef if you sit where they cook teppanyaki. Our friend had his birthday and we asked for the birthday dessert. That song was the real deal! Highly recommend this place.
5	So I show up with some friends at 9:48 fully expecting to not be served, considering they close at 10. Not only did they seat us and serve us, they were friendly, the food was amazing, and they honored a coupon that we didn't even have printed out. Great Sushi, Great Service, and the lady who works there is really pretty.
5	Fast, friendly service.Awesome sushi.Not too shabby price.
4	I really enjoyed my dinner at Ah-So. Sushi is definitely an acquired taste for me and I'm frankly still in the process of fully acquiring it. So while I happy to try something outside my usual culinary experiences, I was thrilled to learn that they also offered Tepanyaki-style cooking (I REFUSE to go to Benihana!!!)To get the best of both worlds, we had sushi as an appetizer which I found quite enjoyable. The highlight of my meal however was Tepanyaki with filet mignon and scallops. The scallops were delicious-some of the best I've had and the filet was grilled to medium rare tenderness just like I like it.  The chef put on an amazing show grilled everything before our eyes.It was a great night and at $28 for the Tepanyaki, it was a great deal considering the quality and quantity of food.I will definitely be back!
5	One of my new favorite places in Phoenix. All the Ah-So's are a chain but they do not all offer the same food choices. I really enjoyed a California roll, the tepanyaki show, and left overs. Delicious miso soup, salad, fried rice, veggies, chicken, steak, and shrimp. The sauces for each were also pretty good. I even had enough food left over for 1.5 more meals. Awesome sushi happy hour prices as well (as low as $2). I really enjoyed the beautiful waterfall separating the two aspects of the restaurant. Hope to come back soon!
4	CHEAP Tepanyaki lunch.  My kids were thrilled by the show.  They could not do it gluten free except in the kitchen.  Would not be good for a vegetarian that doesn't want the food to mix on the table.  Would go again.  The place was almost empty though?!
1	They don't honor coupons from "Coupon Clipper" app.  They require the coupon to be printed. Not cool. I won't be back.
4	Excellent!  Great food and outstanding service!  Thank you yelpers, I didn't even know it existed!
4	The Teppanyaki is fantastic and how can you go wrong with Saki Bombers!!
5	Mmmm, so dericious! they are always so nice, quick & our dinner is always fast. Happy hour is amazing & affordable!
5	My son loved the sushi the portions are huge !!!
4	Traveling on business, we decided to try his place.  Service was very good as was the meal.  Had the steak, chicken and shrimp with fried rice.  The meal was prepared and cooked perfectly and the portion size was excellent.  Would definitely go back.
1	The owners are very rude.. food is OK..not the best
3	Went there for my daughters birthday and she loved it. We finished our meal tipped the cook at our table paid and was outside talking when the waitress came out and complained we didn't tip her enough cause half her tip goes to the cook. Are you kidding me how is that my problem. And when was it ok to follow customers outside and ask for more money. I was so pissed and shocked that I will never go back to that place again.
4	Very good. Sushi was awesome. Portions are big. Pretty clean and friendly. Good sushi roll selection. Half bar/ Half Benny Hana style restaurant.  Ahhhh-sooooo!  Wudjew call me?
2	I was not a fan of their food.  Overpriced for the quality, which was so-so. We got the garlic edamame and sushi rolls.  The sushi was not impressive.  The alcoholic beverages were also so-so, I even ordered liquor in my drink that was not house.  I would recommend finding another place if you are a sushi lover, it may be better for people who want non-sushi.
2	Mediocre at best. Felt as though staff rushed us.  Didn't even complete our meal. Rolls were loose and fell apart before we could get them to our mouths. We've had sushi in the best and also most unlikely places and had better. Will not return.
4	The food was fresh and delicious.  Much needed sushi fix.  Pleasant, unrushed lunch.
3	We've been looking for a teppanyaki place in our neck of the woods but were a little leery of this place from the old "drive by" since it's in a strip mall in an older building.  This was nonsense however, because inside the place ended up being pretty interesting and delightful.  Sure, it's an older building but the place seemed really clean, the bathrooms were well kept and here's the BONUS - they got the long fountain / fish pond working and filled with fish (and turtles!).  It's quite unique - check out the pics here on yelp.We came for teppanyaki and were seated right away and only had to wait a few minutes for the other half of the grill table to fill up.  My husband opted for sushi instead and ordered a rainbow roll.  He said it was good, not the best he'd had, but that it was pretty sizeable and filled him up.My daughter and I had teppanyaki - she ordered shrimp and I had steak & lobster - yum!  (c'mon this was a Mother's Day celebration...)  The chef was really young but he was quite funny and obviously talented.  He was flipping rice clumps into our mouths (I caught it - yay!) lighting onion volcanoes, tossing prank eggs at us (empty shells) and making Nemo jokes - my daughter loved it!  He cooked everything really well and made the evening so special.  They sang for about 4 birthdays while we were there, they were enthusiastic and the birthday havers seemed really ecstatic - they brought some special fruit plate type of desert thing out.The ice tea wasn't so good but the turtles made up for that - let's hear it for turtles!
5	Five stars is not something that happens often. However we had a great date night here. Sitting at the teppanaki table we got jokes, showmanship, and amazing food. Real deal. Delicious fresh food and wonderful chef.
5	I had a most enjoyable experience this afternoon at the Ah So Sushi and Steak Restaurant at the Happy Valley, Norterra location in Phoenix.To my surprise they not only offer sushi, but Teppanyaki as well.  I had been driving to Kierland in Scottsdale, which is 30 some miles from my home, but now will be a "regular" at this fabulous restaurant.  My meal was delicious! The service was no less than outstanding.I even took an additional meal home for later!  (gotta love it!)If you are looking for a great place to enjoy sushi or Teppanyaki, look no further!I strongly recommend the Ah So over Sapporro, or Benihana in every way!Mike LarsenTromonto, Phoenix, Arizona
5	Love this place.. Most of the chefs are really entertaining and they cook the food really well. We usually get the chicken and shrimp and also the filet and shrimp... It's always been really good. The owner also usually comes by to make sure the food is good as well and to thank us for coming.
4	I do keep coming back here...can't call it 5 stars but it's definitely a good place.  Rolls are a (very) healthy size...sometimes a bit too big but hey I'm not complaining.I'd say I'm a big fan of the spicy tuna roll here (with the shrimp tempura too).  They have a lot of fun choices on their menu so that's definitely a plus.  If only they lowered their prices on the tepanyaki, i'd consider going for that.  Nonetheless, great happy hour that they've got, especially with that spicy tuna roll. Oh, and the guy who makes the sushi is awesome.  He actually listened to me when i said "A LOT of extra ginger" and brought me an entire plate...let's just say I was a happy camper because just about all the other sushi restaurants keep bringing puny little portions and charging extra....so definitely extra bonus points to that guy!
5	Took a friend here 'cuz she really wanted teppanyaki for her birthday, and the online reviews said this was the best place.  All three of us were very happy and satisfied.  One of or party is vegetarian, and ordered the Mango Roll and Vegetable Tempura, and also received some of the fried rice (and the chef's showmanship) anyway.  Our birthday lady ordered the Filet Mignon and Lobster, and I ordered the Steak and Shrimp.  From the Miso soup, salad, and through the entrees, we loved the flavors and the attention to preparation.  Portions were very generous, and two of us took home leftovers (yum!).  Highly recommend this little restaurant that looks rather humble in its strip mall location (behind the Black Bear Diner, 61st Ave and Bell Rd), and whose inside experience is wonderful.
5	Just ate here last night with my hubby and little sister! Me and hubby had the filet and shrimp and as a table we shared a roll of sushi and a squid salad. My little sister ordered Mango shrimp. We loved our dishes, the steak is so tender, it really melts in your mouth! My sister had a bad experience with her mango shrimp, she did not like the taste of it, as it was a unique flavor, but the staff there was amazing! The chef offered to remake her something else, but at that point we were already there for awhile and she was tired. He called over what I assume was the manager? She asked personally if we wanted anything remade and was very nice and professional about it! I normally do not write reviews, but thought this deserved it because of the way we were treated and it really is refreshing when so many places have lost the concept of customer service. They went above and beyond to make sure everything was ok! The location looks small from the outside, but give it a try, the food is excellent and the service is even better . 5 stars for sure !
5	Love Ahso!!! Favorite place to go. Happy hour at 9;00 has best prices for fabulous food. I don't eat rice so I had them replace with soy paper and it was delicious... Awesome food and service. Great for little get togetherness with friends or date. They have a DJ on Saturday nights. No dancing but good atmosphere.
5	This is our absolute fav place to go to! Great service! Great food! Great sushi by far!! We really love this place!!
5	This specific location is my favorite place to eat.  The food is outstanding and the owner has never failed to greet our table.  For the record I do have a horrible addiction to sushi and they do not disappoint.  The newer locations are good but I prefer the "hole in the wall/ma and pa" places and this location just feels more authentic to me.  We have been having my birthday dinners here for the last 17 years and that tradition will continue!
4	This was great place to go.  My suggested it and it was awesome.. They sat us in the back and it was a bit chilly but the staff was warm and inviting and fast... Drinks were out within minutes... they asked if it was ok if another couple sat with us... That was nice to have to the option... and yes the more the merrier... We had the steak, scallops and chicken.. All cooked to perfection after watching  fresh fried rice be made in front of our eyes... It rocked... Lots of zucchini, mushrooms, broccoli and other veggies... I did wish to have a taste of green pepper however I do understand the economics of that veggie...the broth was excellent as an appetizer and so were the eggrolls... I would recommend anyone near Glendale to try it, the humourous chef was worth it....
5	Amazing sushi. My family (extended included) have been coming here for years and it's never disappointed. The School Bus roll and the Vegas roll are our favorites. The teppanyaki is always delicious as well. The atmosphere is so fun and is great for casual dining or for a special event. The staff is always very friendly and seem to remember us. Always a great time and always leave satisfied.
3	We're always looking for a new teppanyaki place, this unfortunately isn't one we will be dying to go back to again. First off the hostesses, managers, servers were all phenomenal, from the second we walked in we were impressed with how inviting and kind everyone was. We were off to a great start. Where they really dropped the ball was the teppanyaki chef, while the food was good. His presentation was lacking. We brought our 9 year old niece to experience teppanyaki for the first time and she was bored. He did the volcano with the onions and flipped the eggs into his hat but that was the extent of it. The whole reason to go to a teppanyaki grill is for the experience, to be wowed and we weren't.
2	There aren't many good sushi places in glendale, az, but there sure a lot of sushi places within almost every other block around bell rd. Went here with a friend for lunch. It was completely empty. We were the only one's there. We ordered a roll, but the sushi quality wasn't that amazing. The fish wasn't at the right temperature and had too much sauce on there. It was just mediocre. The highlight of our lunch was that they have turtles in this fake stone pond. I saw something from my periphery and i pointed, my friend turned around and literally screamed, jumped out of her seat. I laughed so hard. The turtle came out of the water and was walking towards my friend by her seat, on top of the rock. The turtle was about 1 ft away from her. Tame your turtles! or you'll SCARE away your customers! lol
3	The service is okay not very friendly but not   necessarily rude. My first visit the sushi was excellent but my second visit it just tasted okay. Im not sure what they did different i order the same exact thing maybe it was just a different chef or maybe the food wasnt as fresh. Either way I most likely will be returning. The happy hour prices are amazing!
5	I feel like maybe it was just me last time I ate here. I went today and it was great! The atmosphere is okay along with the service! But you cant beat the happy hour prices.
4	Our actual waitress was wonderful and the food was great. But some lady in some damn leather shirt that seemed to be some kind of manager come over and grabs mine and my friends checks and mine was paid with cash, mostly $1 bills and she had the nerve to count the bills right in front of me. It was rude and I felt like she didn't trust that I paid the full price even though I left a $5 tip. The restaurant itself os great but that really did tarnish the experience.
5	Great place for a date... The steak is amazing! !  Shrimp dishes are cooked to perfection. .. they have great deals on sushi during happy hour after 8:pm... I keep going back.
5	Absolutely fantastic. Reminded me of a hibachi place in New York we used to go to very often, apparently it's called teppanyaki out here. Chefs are friendly and fun, everything comes out cooked perfectly, always juicy and delicious and well seasoned. Their ginger sauce is excellent as well. Only issue is the soda tastes flat, but come before 6 and take advantage of happy hour specials. $5 sake bombs, and not just a single. Enough for about 4 bombs worth, with leftover beer (they give you the larger bottles).
4	Sushi was really delicious and the special rolls came out to around $10 at lunch.The sushi chef could work a little on the packing and cutting of the sushi. The individual rolls were too large and hard to hold. However, everything tasted amazing and the ingredients were fresh. Service was solid. I did see the sushi chef a piece of garbage behind the sushi counter when no one was looking- thought it was a bit unprofessional.
1	Well if there was zero I would give that as my rating. Just had an 8:30 reservation and showed up and they told us it would be a 20 minute wait. What is the point of a reservation?
3	Ah-so was just so.  We enjoyed our lunch and it was nice to sit next to the little pond.  But next time, for money, I'd pop down the street to Sushi Catcher.  The fish is fresher and they have fresh wasabi.
5	Visited on a Saturday night. Kind of a dive, but I say that because it is older and it shows. If you like fu fu up-scale teppanyaki, go somewhere else.If you like great,  food, drink and service go to this location.Of the five of us there we had the filet combos with scallops, chicken and shrimp. Everything was excellent. The service was amazing. She filled our non-alcoholic beverages before we even noticed they needed filled. Our adult beverages were delivered quickly after ordering. She was very busy, but I never felt neglected. I have been another location with the same name, but not same owners. I did not know that when I made reservations and only picked this one to come to because it had more and better Yelp reviews (Thanks everyone!). Our chef was named Cheko(?) and made sure we had a great show and awesome food. I have one complaint...They brought extra shrimp to the table (I think...extra) and he cooked and tossed them to the other diners who ordered the the combo without shrimp.When it comes to food, DO NO share my portions with someone else. Even if they are extra, that is NOT my perception. Either knock it the %#$@ off or give me a scallop that I did not order to even it out. LOL ;-)However, my buddy made the same comment after we left. So I there is some angst behind the humor. Next time I guess I'll order scallops and get a free shrimp.We all said we would be back, and we will.
5	Still great, after all of these years.Wish they had cold draft saki.  It's expensive to order the bottles.
5	Great service. Great sushi. Very good prices and a good happy hour menu. We didn't sit at a chefs grill table, but next time I think we will. We saw them bust out some crazy moves, including flipping an egg into his front pocket.
5	One of my favorite places to go and eat.  I could honestly eat here 3 times a week, getting the Vegas roll and I'd be a happy camper.I always take all of my friends here if they've never heard about it and we always go during happy hour.  It's insane the volume of food and drinks you can get for pratically pennies.I'm very picky about my sushi places and this is hands down the best place I've been to and I've been to sushi in Boston, LA, Hollywood, Las Vegas, and Miami.  You'd think desert sushi would be gross because it's not as fresh but this place is even better then the stuck up scottsdale restaurants.
5	I love this place! I try something new every time I go and I love everything! Service is great. Happy hour specials are great. Definitely recommend.
5	Every time we come here the owner greets us... we have sake bombs and great food .... the filot minion and spicy chicken are delicious .. come early cause it gets packed !
5	Dear Reviewers reading,I thought this place was amazing! it was so cute and little and has a lot of the best sushi and Japanese foods. I had a hard time finding Yakisoba here in the valley but this place makes it and it was so delish! My dear that went with me order tons of sushi and he knows good sushi since that's all he eats, he loved it and said it was very good. We both loved our foods and the service was so nice. We had a waitress and she made sure everything was right. Even with a big table and a couple other tables full she still made her rounds in time and helped serve everyone.
1	Food is extremely salty. The california roll has too much mayo. I cant sleep my chest hurts from all the sodium. Seems like during happy hour the chef just doesnt give a shit about how the food looks and tastes. Service is awful too, sat and waited for 20 min after meal to get our check. All around a shitty experience. Feels like im having a heart attact
5	We love the chef cooking on the teppan grill right in front of us.  They serve enough food for you to have another meal with the leftovers.  The food tasted great and the vegetables were better than the chicken!  The shrimps are highly recommended if you don't want to go vegetarian.  We can't wait to go back here!
4	Been going here for a couple years now. The first discovery was the chicken bowl and beef bowl, for 5.95 the chicken bowl is a 10/10! I get Siracha on the side and a whole fresh jalepeno to really set it on fire. Before ah so, the only sushi I've had was the imitation meat from frys lol, and I hated it. Ah So made me like sushi. I get the spicy crab or golden avacado.
5	Such a fun experience . Took my best friend here and the show was amazing . The chef was personable, and we had great conversation with him while he cooked our food . Not to mention the food was PHENOMENAL. Definitely my new favorite place to go. It's such a fun experience with great quality food
3	Sushi is good the workers are friendly but when you come at closing they don't seem so happy who would but if you have gone the whole day with a good attitude you should end the day the same way! Food is good they also rush closing is at 11 but you have to order by the time they say.
4	We came here for a quick lunch while on business travel in Glendale. The service was quick and they had a great selection on the lunch menu. Chicken and beef noodle bowls, chicken teriyaki, sushi combos and sashimi combos. All come with miso soup and asian salad and are $8-$12. Pleased both sushi lovers and haters. Will definitely return next time we are here. BTW- They do love a California roll here - at least five  variations on the menu (California crunch, spicy California, baked California, etc.)
3	First off, this is an entertaining place. They cook in front of you and sometimes throw you food to see if you can catch it in your mouth (lol). It's fun.I haven't tried the sushi rolls, so I can't judge those.However, I have tried to Filet mignon dish + fried rice. The filet mignon is good, but the fried rice is okay. It's not bad, but its not wonderful either. The price is a little high, but filet mignon is usually expensive anyway.I guess I would recommend this place. I will come back one day to try the sushi rolls.
4	For entertainment this is hands down great. They cook in front of you and out on a show if it's a birthday or special occasion. I love it. Food is pretty awesome however I really so feel that it is kinda on the pricey end of sushi. It's because of the entertainment I'm sure. Staff is pretty cool. So if your looking for entertainment with dinner come here for sure. If you want more intimate settings try kabuki at westgate.
4	Pretty good sushi, been here many times for my wife. We only got the cucumber rolls but it was decently priced and tastes really good.Service is always quick and pretty friendly.Recommended.
4	The have a good sushi happy hour here. The service us good at this location compared to others. Worth giving a shot.
5	whether youre sitting at one of the tepan tables, or just a dining table, you'll have a pleasant experience either way. the chefs are friendly, talkative, and know how to put on a show while they prepare your food. the servers are attentive and friendly. pricing is fair for the great quality of the food. they also have an excellent happy hour menu with even better prices. always love coming here!
5	Love this place! Great food, amazing service! I can't get enough! The sushi is on point and teppanyaki chefs are very entertaining!
3	Wait was longer than i was told over the phone so basically they do not take reservation. Hibachi dish was great. Salad was good but soup was too salty. I think it's a little pricy for what you get. Hibachi dinner for 4 of us was $120. I may explore other Hibachi restaurants before we go back to this place.
4	Love the ambiance of this place. Dark and waterfalls with fish right in the middle of the restaurant. I come here during happy hour because that is the best time to come. Order of edamame, two California rolls, Las Vegas roll and two orders of Miso soup for $14. Can't beat $7 a person. The service is great and the people are friendly. No complaints at all except I probably wouldn't eat here if they didn't have happy hour specials because of the high price.
1	That was GROSS. Some of the worst sushi and worst service I have ever received in my life. I LOVE sushi and am very disappointed not only in the service and food but also in the way the manager handled the situation (or FAILED to handle). I have been a server, manager and NEVER complain. But I cannot believe how awful this was. I'm praying I don't get food poisoning.
5	I only ever do Tepanyaki seating here but it never disappoints!
