4	Soft-opening, many glitches in the systems as to be expected (they did apologize many times for this), but the food made up for it. The menu is good with great selections.  I especially like the specialty rolls, low carb and all vege rolls.  The list shows some creativity from the chef.Drinks: Lychee martini - not bad Otakuini - Hakutsuru Draft Sake and Cucumber vodka (needs a better sake to mix with this) Sushi: Sake (salmon) - good but not greatRed Blossom - very goodDragon Roll - very goodFriday Night Fever (low carb) - nice low carb roll selection Monster Roll - big roll with yellow tail, salmon, tuna and tempura - best roll from listFood: Hamachi Kama - excellentGrilled Chicken Breast  - with teriyaki sauce and vege'sOverall the food was good, decor is simple and chic, service was slow (soft opening) and the bill was high (even with opening discount).  The food is what is the key element here so I will give four stars.  I will go back for their happy hour when fully open.
4	I went here last Friday and it was one of the best sushi I've had so far in Chandler. Soft opening right now, but after they get their kinks all fixed I'm sure it's going to get even better. Service was ok, but the food was outstanding and the ambiance of restaurant is like no other in the area.
4	Great food and good service as well. Happy hour daily from 3-6! Definitely put it on your sushi list.  Recently tried additional items and will be sticking with the Sushi only...
3	Pretty restaurant. Waited 20 minutes for one drink and another 5 minutes to find out my cocktail was not available (from their cocktail list) as they were out of the right ingredients. Our tiny, but tasty calamari appetizer was finished before our drinks arrived. My gin and tonic was $7 and made with just a splash of tonic and no lime- not good, unless you wanted a shot of gin. We received our neighbor's food and then waited another ten minutes for our entree. All of the food was quite tasty, the prices were a bit high. The service was disjointed and quite frustrating.  We will return, but not for a few months and not without some kind of a discount.
5	Ambiance: Its a brand new restaurant in a new area and the setting is very nice. I dont quite get the dark brown chairs with the black tables (maybe it was dark when the purchase decision was made?) and I probably wouldnt have introduced all the golden fixtures which makes a somewhat kitchy in my opinion but nevertheless is a nice and modern decor.Food:Had a bento box lunch here the other day and the food is just really good.You can really taste the fish and other components of the sushi and the honey chicken I had was also very tasteful.  Their own blend of soy sauce just adds a very nice touch to the food.Service:There was more staff than there were customers so the service was pretty good.Overall: We live right around the corner and we're sushi addicts so we'll definately be back. Otaku is a little pricey though so it might not be for our weekly sushi run but I hope they'll stick around for a long time.
5	I love this restaurant!!! We, unfortunately, missed their grand opening but we finally made it there last night and after such a positive experience, we are sure to be regulars!First of all, this is a gorgeous restaurant! It is obvious that a lot of love and planning went into the design and decor. Everything is warm and inviting; very upscale but not snooty! Most will be very comfortable here.The food was uniformly excellent! We only tried one non-sushi item, the scallop poppers, but that dish was amazing!!! Very generous portions and very tasty with a terrific sauce! Based on this experience, we will have to try more menu items next time! We tried several of their specialty rolls and they were all outstanding. My favorite was simply called "The Roll" but there are many others that I plan on sampling in the coming weeks (like I said, we will be regulars!). I was surprised that we loved some of their low carb rolls as well. These rolls substitute the sushi rice with a rice paper wrap which I found, allowed the other ingredients to delight your taste buds even more! Between the traditional, specialty and low carb rolls, there is a lot of creativity going on here by Chef/Owner Jay Chung!!!I would say that the service was excellent as well. It was not overly busy but it was busy enough. We were never left wondering where our waiter was and our sushi chef, David (The Hongster), was very attentive! Everyone was very friendly and by the end of our meal, we felt like family! We were treated to several complimentary sample rolls, all of which were delicious and we will probably order those next time. This was such a nice touch and makes for a loyal customer.All in all, I don't think you can go wrong dinning here. The food was excellent, the staff friendly and attentive and the chef/owner was very creative and friendly! I think Otaku is very unique for Gilbert and a welcomed dinning experience for the east valley! The only bad thing is that it is a 25 minute drive from our house... Maybe we should move?
4	So, I am not easily impressed, but always willing to give a new sushi place a shot, so naturally had to try this place out. We stopped in on a busy Friday night at happy hour and except for a sad looking fish tank at the entrance, the restaurant is beautiful. Someone spent bank on this place and it shows. We were sat at the sushi bar, at our request and glad we did as we got to see the sushi chefs in action. Although the chefs were busy, you got the impression they were in control and did not rush so much to make sloppy sushi rolls. We ordered a squid salad, order of goyzas, a shrimp tempura roll and a spicy tuna roll. All were excellent and I was most impressed that the spicy tuna roll had more tuna than rice, all tasted fresh and delicious. The only glitch of the night was when we were told their credit card system was having a problem and they apologized for the delay. It was not a problem for us as we were still finishing up our drinks. After a few minutes our server came out and advised he was taking $15 off our bill for the delay. I thought it was a nice, but unnecessary gesture until I checked my account and found they charged not only my dinner but apparently some other diners dinner as well. I am guessing the mistake has been corrected but I will not know for sure until all the charges from the weekend clear. I suppose would have been happier if they had have just been honest with me and gave me a heads up what happened, but in the end I suppose its not the end of the world as mistakes do happen. Despite the billing error I definitely look forward to returning.
1	For starters, I love sushi. It's amazing. So when there's a new sushi place that opens up near by I like to give it a go; and seeing as how it was valentines weekend I decided I would take my wife out to dinner for some sushi. We live near by, so I figured we would go to Otaku and see what the fuss was all about. After all, they have pretty decent reviews so far and it looked pretty promising. I had the foresight to call ahead because apparently the restaurant was full. I got a reservation for 7:45, showed up ten minutes early and we were seated promptly. The place was packed, the hostess wasn't kidding, they sure were full. It wasn't surprising that it was hard to get a table, because for a decent size restaurant, they have hardly any tables. Probably 70% of the seating is at two giant bars, one is more of a sports type bar with a bartender, and the other is a sushi bar where you can watch the chefs attempt to make sushi (more on that later). The atmosphere of the bar is very nice if a tad to loud. It seems like it can't decide if it wants to be a high end sushi joint, or a sports bar. And the problem is that the restaurant isn't big enough to effectively be both. So you get the dinner seating right next to the sports bar with loud music playing. There is high quality workmanship and very contemporary/modern design elements all around. I shudder to think about how much it cost them to build it, it's beautiful inside. It almost seems like they're trying too hard to be modern however, as they even use IPads for their POS system. Which sounds like a cool idea, but after observing the waitress try to use it for a while I noticed they don't have a cash drawer attached to them, which means they have to ring up the checks, print out a receipt, then walk to wherever the cash drawer is hidden and get the change. They also didn't seem to work with credit cards too well because they were manually typing in a lot of numbers when the cards wouldn't swipe properly.All of this would be OK if I didn't run into a headache in every other aspect of our first and last visit to Otaku. Our server was Yuko and she did a very poor job. She took our order, brought us some water and ran away. She only returned once to give us refills. She returned really quickly with our tempura appetizer... too quickly in fact, as we learned that she actually stole another tables app... oops. The tempura was pretty good, although it was quite oily. Once we were done with it, we began the wait for our food... and we waited... and we waited... and eventually Yuko came by to tell us that the kitchen is running a bit slow tonight (no shit). That's fine I thought, it happens. Then we saw her socializing with a table full of drunks and wondered if it was actually the kitchen or her that we should worry about. We decided it was her, when we noticed that a table that was seated after us, and ordered after us, got their sushi ten minutes before we did! All this time Yuko was nowhere to be found. In the long run we ended up waiting 30 minutes after we finished our appetizer to get our sushi.  We only ordered two rolls: a California and a Vegas roll. The final nail in the coffin is that the Vegas roll was cold when we got it! It had clearly been sitting out for a good 10-15 minutes before it got to our table as it was room temperature and chewy. Beyond the texture, there was absolutely nothing special about it, certainly nothing to justify it's 9 dollar price. The California roll was just as generic as well. I've had better sushi at Teharu in Tempe, and it's a freaking serve yourself conveyor belt. By this point my wife and I were pissed off, so we told Yuko that we were in a hurry and we needed the check. She then gave us the check and never returned. In the ten minutes between getting the check and us walking out cursing the name Otaku, I saw her busy counting her tips and socializing with her table full of drunk customers, who I'm sure she realized were the only people that would be stupid enough to actually tip her that evening.  This place clearly has a lot of kinks to work out, and the lack of stars in this review is all due to Yuko. I don't know if it would be any better with a different waitress, but I don't think i"m going to worry about finding out. There are a ton of choices for mediocre sushi in the valley and I'm past the point of giving places multiple chances to win me over. I'm guessing all the other five star reviews for this restaurant were from people to drunk to notice how bad it actually is.
2	I enjoy my sushi, so I was excited to try out Otaku. I liked how they decorated the place, really sharp, cool atmosphere. However, when it came to the the food I was disappointed. Lunch specials are still kind of pricey for what you got ($13) Small rolls, and I would say below than average tasting sushi. Also, it appears servers are still learning the ropes and so service was ok. So nice looking but won't be going back. There are places nearby that have better prices, bigger rolls and mainly just better tasting sushi.
2	Me and my boyfriend came around 3:30 on Valentines Day to beat the crowd later. It was not busy at all so we decided to sit at the bar. The place is beautiful and you can tell they spent a lot of money on the decor. Our waitress/bartender told us that the place is beautiful at night for us to check it out sometime.I am definitely a huge sushi fan and I do go often trying new places to eat sushi so I was excited to try this place since it was close to our house.We ended up ordering two cokes and a total of five rolls since they didn't have the Kim bop roll which our waitress told us they usually run out of earlier in the week until they re-stock. So we ended up just getting five rolls since the last one ruined my night or we might have ordered more.The first three we ordered was the Las Vegas roll Happy hour price $5, Tootzy roll $5, and the Roll which was $14. All of which were delicious. These were bite size compared to how often I see others make the Las Vegas roll so huge in size. After enjoying the first three rolls we decided to try two more, the superman roll $12 and the spider roll $11.First one I tried out of the last two rolls was the Spider roll which was great since it has soft shell crab in it and that is one of our favorites. The one I had a problem with was the superman roll which is a spicy tuna/cucumber roll topped with white tuna. The first thing I tried was the white tuna on top of the roll and the second I put it into my mouth I got sick. There was just something so funny about the taste and the smell of the fish was foul. Mind you I have had white tuna many times before and never have I experience this smell and taste. My boyfriend suggested I try another bite of the roll since it may have be the sauce they put on it, so I wiped as much sauce as I could off and tried the roll again which didn't improve at all. At this point I was just plain sick & I couldn't even eat the rest of the other yummie roll we ordered. I told my boyfriend we had to go because otherwise I would have to run to the bathroom and be sick. So we asked our waitress for the check which they run our cards on iPads, something I haven't seen before which was cool. Our total bill came to $65 with the tip but with all the talking the bartender/waitress did she never minded to ask us how or rolls were so I made sure to let her know how sick I was before I gave her my card to pay. She informed me that white tuna is high in oil and that some people can't handle eating a fish like that and that the white tuna roll must have been us and not the them. So I informed her that I had eaten white tuna many times before and this just tasted completely foul. She did not offer us a discount which might have changed our mind in trying this place again and recommending it to our friends. I just wanted to review this place to say how much it did make me sick enough to ruin the rest of our valentines day plans and that I am still sick the next day. We will not go back. If we do I guess it won't be for a while and we won't order the White tuna.
5	I want to preface this review by saying that I'm close friends with one of the sushi chef's in training, so we got a seat right at the sushi bar and really had a great opportunity to chat.  That being said, I will review this strictly on the quality of food, since we received some deep discounts due to being VIP guests.  (C'mon now, you know you all get discounts too when you personally know the staff/chefs, so quit your whinin'!)The quality of the fish was excellent... some of the best sushi I've had in my existence.  The key to getting good sushi is to trust in the chef, and ask them what is fresh, and what they would suggest (omakase style).  We had a sashimi appetizer platter to start which featured blue fin, yellow tail, o-toro (yes, the good stuff!), and a few other pieces.  Served with fresh wasabi root (not the hydrated green powdery stuff), this appetizer really woke our stomachs and senses.We had a few different rolls per the chef's suggestion, and all were spectacular (including some off the menu rolls).  The kim bap roll was highly recommended, and the quality was definitely memorable, better than most Korean-mom kim bop rolls I've had in my life.We asked for ama-ebi (sweet shrimp), which was soft, tender, and sweet, with perfectly fried shrimp head to back.  This was the first time I've had such perfectly made ama-ebi, and it's made me want to continue my search in Chicago.Some tasty mochi desserts, a few bottle of sake, and all in all, it was a very enjoyable night for my compadres and I.  I'm sorry for those that have found a bad experience at Otaku, as it sounds like most of it is waitstaff issues... but as a sushi fanatic, my advice to you is this:1.  Don't ask for a table if you're party is smaller than 4... ask for a spot at the sushi counter, because that's how sushi is meant to be served.  Getting to know your chef, the chef getting to know you, having drinks together, etc.  2.  Ask the chef what he/she recommends.  Not all fish are equally fresh, and the chef will know what's best for the day.  And if you can provide them with your own past experience of what you liked/didn't like, they'll likely craft a sushi experience for you that you'll love.Verdict:  If only Otaku were in Chicago... I might go broke.  Delicious sushi, and worth a visit!
4	Kinda far from civilization, but it's all good.  Gotta eat inside the tree room!  The room is amazing - according to the waiters and one of the owner, everything was imported from oversees.  I didn't order sushi, but I did get the Hong Kong style noodles and Seafood Tofu Soup -- Mmm, yes both times hit the spot.  Aromatic and tasting at the same time -- what's not to like!  Our service was outstanding, small or a large crowd is not a problem.  Will save this place in my pocket for next time :) (Shout-out to Jay, Shane, & Stephanie!) - Enjoy
2	Beautiful Decor but the food is below average. Don't expect too much except a great looking place.
5	Go figure -- worldly sushi in Gilbert?? This place is quickly becoming one of my favorites. Have been here three or four times since it opened. Susan takes good care of you at the bar, suggesting all kinds of crazy drinks and food and will even arrange to have a staff member give me a foot massage when dining.  Well, haven't asked for the latter. And I like crazy.  So the escolar, the quail eggs, uni are all up my alley. Same with the exotic "Susan-concocted drinks" like cantaloupe martinis or cucumber martinis made with sake and cucumber vodka. Oh, and have Jay make you a sake shot with a Kumomoto oyster, Uni and quail egg. :)
4	Finally a decent sushi restaurant near home! I went to their soft opening for dinner and as soon as I walked in I was actually pretty surprised on how nice & big it was, the decor, fine dinnerware, the whole setting. Whoever designed the place did a pretty good job. And I like how the bar is in the middle of the room and there are sections of places you could sit around the place. I noticed how some of the waitresses were wearing their fake Gucci pouches and staff members were using ipads. It seemed like a fancy sushi restaurant. I was just hoping it wasn't another one of those RA/Roka Akor like sushi restaurants. Their sushi is horrible! Anyways got seated by some waitress and she freaken took forever to get our drinks, then moments later she came back with our appetizer which was the Otaku spicy tostada. This was good!!!! She even suggested to try their kitchen food instead of sushi so we did and I got the seafood tofu hotpot & boyfriend got the curry chicken. The curry was rather watery kinda like curry soup which was eh.The seafood hotpot on the other hand was actually pretty good with lots of flavor. Mine didn't come with rice so I was waiting on our waitress, but she was seriously missing the entire night! Thankfully my friend actually works there and she came to check up on us & I told her I needed rice she was brought it for me. Even one of the manager came over to our table and asked us how our food was. Overall, I had a good time, most of the staff was pretty friendly.  I understand that during that time since it was their soft opening some things were a bit unorganized but still the our waitress sucked. My friend even had to go look for her in the kitchen to let her know we were done and was ready for our check! GRRI also went here for happy hour just yesterday and it seemed to be a bit more organized & in place. YAYYYY! =P Tried their tootzy roll, spicy tuna, & vege roll. It wasn't GREAT, but it was good. And service was good too. I say their kitchen food is probably a bit better than their sushi. But overall I like this place definitely would go back again.
4	we went last night for my husbands birthday dinner, I made reservations and glad because it was pretty full. We sat in the tree room which was awesome. It has a very nice decor in there. The food was really good. The service was really nice. We will definitely go again! Pretty awesome having such a cool place near our home in the boonies.
1	I only went here once.  I was going to wait a month or two and try it again before Yelping, but after reading all the reviews I had to speak up.Let me just get this out of the way...soft opening...blah blah blah...OK, now that we've moved past that.  The service is a complete disaster.  It was 20+ minutes, no joke, before we got water and ONE menu to share between the three of us.  After waiting that long for a menu we decided to play it "smart" and just order three appetizers and a beer.  My beer came 15 minutes later.  I ordered another one immediately, I never got the second beer.About 45 minutes after ordering the food came. We asked the girl that brought it what each item was, she said she had to go get our bill (to identify your own apps? really?) and disappeared.  She came back and said she couldn't find our bill and had to find our waitress (good luck!) to ID the apps. Really?The food did NOT make up for the service. Far from it.  The deep fried scallops sucked, could have reheated a box or pre-frozen scallops from the supermarket, thanks.  The rest of the food was uninteresting at best.We told two random girls we had somewhere we needed to be (I'm like 2 damn hours in at this point, the waitress never came to ID the food) and wanted our check.  They said "I can't find it, I have to find your waitress."  20 or so more minutes pass, still no check or waitress, we finally get loud so the waitress comes and asks what we need.  We say "Our check!"  Five minutes later she comes back and comps our meal.  I may not be able to give it a second chance, but other chefs have told me how awesome the head chef is supposed to be.  So I may go back and try the sushi, but it would have to be amazing.  Let me say something here, Otaku is a STRONG word.  I have a shirt that says Super Otaku I bought in Tokyo.  That word means "Nerd".  When applied to food especially, you are making a HUGE commitment.  That only made the experience that much worse.  They should change their name to whatever is Japanese for "Mildly Interested In."
4	Great setting to enjoy good food!
1	Went to Otaku last night (3/5/11) - it was horrible.  It took us an hour to get a noodle bowl - how long does it take to cook noodles?  It was SO salty it was inedible.  We did not eat it, paid for our drinks, and left.  The service was also terrible!  They did not have enough menus to go around, we had to share.  They didn't have enough forks so I had to wait 10 min to eat (yes, I eat Asian food with a fork).  I actually wish they had never found me a fork so I wouldn't have found out how awful the food was.  One more place near home that I will never go to again...it's too bad.
3	Bang for the Buck: 3.5/5- Pretty pricy overall, not much on the happy hour menu but there were some nice items there that I normally don't get but will as I go back.- This rating may change as I go back there more, we will seeDecor: 3/5 - would get another star but the salt water fish tank was almost 100% empty. 4 small fish, 100gal+ tank. The rest of the place was nicely done.- a bit hipster/trendy but that was fine. I like the rotunda area and the patios... need more patios IMO.Ambiance: 3/5- nothing special, the normal large open room style that I hate when places are busy. They are fine if they are not busyService: 2/5- needs improvement, and the place was ~15% full.- the manager was great, super nice guy. but took him 20 minutes to get some rice we asked for. Took our actual server about 15 minutes.- several of our dishes went to the table next to us... on several different occasions.- food was very slow to come out... VERY slow and very spaced out. Not a good pace to the meal, a bit frustratingFood Quality: 5/5- I had no issues here. We tried several items and they were all very good qualityFood Quantity: 3/5- this was a bit of a mixed bag.- seaweed salad was perfect (and delicious). The baby calamari was a very small portion, the tempura was alsot perfect. The sashimi and sushi rolls were a good portion size- this rating may change as I go back to try other things.Food Flavor: 4.5/5- everything was perfect except the baby calamari... which was greasy and overcooked.Food Uniqueness & Creativity: 3.5/5- the rolls were fairly creative, nothing I have not seen before but above average... thus the 3.5 rating here. This may change as I try other things too.Last Experience...03/17/2011Seaweed salad - very very good, will be getting this a lotGreen tea - loose leaf and brewed in pot, perfect touch. Tea was average green tea but WAY better than pre-bagged!Sushi Rolls - we had several and they were all very tasty, and decent size.Tempura mix was very good - not greasy, good portion, etc. Will have this often.
5	I'm seriously in love with Otaku. I crave this place, frequently. As evidence of my love for this place, in their first 3 months of opening I went there about 10 times, and I live 30 miles away. Perhaps "obsessed" is a better term here.In addition to the above, I actually followed the sushi chef, Jay Chung, from his previous sushi joint. Turns out, this place was basically built for him, and for good reason! Better sushi is hard to come by, especially in the Phoenix metro!My favorite option here is sitting at the sushi bar and ordering "omakase," or "chef's choice." Essentially, you just sit down and let the chefs get creative. They'll feed you anything and everything. I have yet to be disappointed with this option, and I am constantly wowed with what they create. The rolls are delicious and many are quite unique, with a great balance of rice, fish and filling. My poison, however, is sashimi. I would kill for a nice slice of tasty, fresh, raw fish. And Otaku does not fail here. In fact, they get some of the freshest sashimi I have ever had; it's truly impressive.So if you go here, don't just have a california roll or something equally dull. Be brave, try something new, ask for recommendations, or just let the chefs feed you -- you will not be disappointed!
4	I cant figure the 3 star people. This place is a solid 4.5 to me. I am a recently converted sushi fan and this place is great. My recommendations would be the Cardinals Roll or the Otaku Tiger Roll. The Baked Mussels and Squid Salad are amazing on the appetizer menu. If you're not into sushi go with the French Style Beef Tenderloin has great flavor as well.The service does leave something to be desired, but the decor is very nice and I didnt have an issue with the prices.
4	Really tasty and fresh sushi!  We tried it out and have been there twice already, once for happy hour.  The fish is fresh and the flavors are great!  Would have given it 5 stars except for the price is a little higher than I like to pay for sushi.  The happy hour prices and options could be a little better, but overall it's definitely worth the money if you are looking for a nice bite of sushi!
1	I was really excited to try this place out with my wife.  We both got the Omakase.  Parts of the Omakase meal were good but other parts felt like a lot of sizzle and no steak (i.e. gold flakes left and right).  For the two of us, each with a couple drinks, our bill was in the neighborhood of $200.Service was fine.  However, my wife and I both developed serious food poisoning that night, which lingered for 24 hours with me.  I eat sushi often and have never had this experience.  Food poisoning happens but what really got my undies in a wad was that I wrote a polite email to the restaurant and never heard a peep back (for the record, I didn't ask for a refund or anything, I just informed them that we developed food poisoning from their food).  In my book, that's just unforgivable.
3	I wouldn't say my experiences with Otaku have been BAD per se... I'm a returning customer, so obviously I can't say it was terrible.I think, moreso, it was just average.The ambiance is nice, definitely a large open space. There's a bar and a sushi bar, and both are always pretty busy.Our server seemed a little lost. He didn't remember my mom, who thinks she some sort of a Regular, so even though she thought he knew what "the usual" meant, he didn't. We ended up getting some random appetizer, which was not "the usual". I'm not sure why he wouldn't just say that he didn't remember, and needed to be reminded of what she wanted.  Odd.We had some shrimp stuffed Tofu, with some sort of tempura. Not good. They have you dip it in this random sugary substance. I dunno, maybe I was doing it wrong, but I didn't get the appeal.Also had some battered scallops or something? Not good.Las Vegas Roll is awesome, I can't hate on it. Squid Salad was also very tasty. And, if you've got a sweet tooth, DEFINITELY check out the tempura cheesecake. Ugh, so good!Management is cool, they came around a couple times to see how we were doing.
3	I went to Otaku today for lunch with 5 of my girlfriends.  I think the prices were fair for lunch and the food was pretty good, but the service was horrible.  She was slow with very few tables and at times, seemed bothered.  After our food was delivered, she never came back at all, not even for drink or water refills.  I don't want to dis the place as it is a very pretty joint and I would return hoping for a more attentive server.
4	Went here tonight for a birthday. Absolutely awesome food, decent prices and great ambience. Tastefully decorated with a busy  bar, and a sushi bar. We sat at a table. Sushi was great. I ordered the sweet and sour chicken which was enough for 2 people but the rice portion was small so we had to ask for more. Not bad for $10. The hot and sour soup was delicious and came in a huge bowl, enough for 3 or 4 people and that was $6. My only complaint was the establishment was a little warm inside. I am usually cold so it was noticeably warm and several members of my party thought so too. It was 110 out...crank up that A/C! Other than that, we enjoyed ourselves and I will come back.
3	This place would fit right into Scottsdale with its upscale looking decor.  Decent lunch options, although the lack of a broiled mackerel option is a little annoying (it's one of my favorites).  The fish was ok.  Decent for the desert, but nothing I can't find at a better price at a place with a little less ambition.
4	I actually don't like sushi so I can comment on the other menu items:Vegetable Chow Main - the vegetables were very fresh and tasty. This was served with a smaller egg noodle which wasn't bad.Teriaki Chicken -  Very much like the teriaki sauce which wasn't too sweet. The sprinkled sesame was a nice touch.The service was good, the atmosphere was nice and four of us ate for $52 (including tip). (2 chowmein dishes, 2 family style teriaki dishes, no drinks).The experience was pleasant and the portions were good.
2	Great looking place. Beautiful ambience. Looks better then P.F. chang but food is more like Pei Wei.Service was good, but server and restaurant is not prepared for someone who cannot eat gluten.Server went through menu saying "this is gluten free" when it obviously wasnt. He was guessing.He finally went and asked the chef and got clarification. But why not in this day and age just put it on the menu?Food though was mediocre. Had the beef ribs which were mostly bone and fat.Orange chicken wasnt that great either.
4	Guessing from going there and seeing the menu that this is a Chinese run Japanese restaurant. The Atmostphere is pleasant with a upscale Scottsdale feel. The staff is very friendly, but not overly friendly that they bug you and try to initiate conversation with you every chance they get. We started out our order with Miso soup, which at first glance looked liked the package miso soup you would get at a Japanese grocery store, but with is quite tasty. Afterwards our orders for avocado roll, unagi roll, spicey tuna roll and my wifes beef chow fun came.All the sushi was delicious and well prepped. The unagi roll was covered in a very potent Teriyaki sauce which I wonder how it will taste with chicken..perhaps next time. My wife is a big fan of Beef Chow fun and enjoyed it. Overall we were pleased with everything, and will make an effort to come back and try other items on the menu. HOWEVER!...I like to finish off at sushi places with green tea ice cream and they did not have it:(
2	the restaurant itself was absolutely beautiful. i loved the interior. decorations, layout, ambiance, everything. i felt like i was in an upscale scottsdale restaurant. the food though wasn't so great. it was lacking flavor and was not satisfying. we ordered the last 2 rolls on the menu, which was the most expensive so we figured it ought to be good. but no, it wasn't! we also ordered the scallop poppers, which wasn't bad, but it had a distinct taste...we were still hungry so we were gonna order one more roll, but the food was so horrible we just decided to leave the restaurant hungry. we went to mcdonalds down the street and that was a lot more satisfying. i still can't get over how beautiful this restaurant was! if only the food was better...
3	This place had a great vibe. The restaurant appears very modern and styled well. The service was excellent. Everyone enjoyed watching football from the variety of tv screens. The food was also good. I ordered a rainbow roll which was ok. We also got a chicken curry, squid salad, and chow mein. The portions are very generous. You will go home stuffed and with left overs.
5	Great atmosphere, friendly staff, and delicious food.  The happy hour specials are very affordable.  I would highly recommend Otaku!
5	Always really really good food and all the staff and management are amazing.  Love the atmosphere also.Really BIG menu and everything is great!!
3	When we pulled up and I saw the name I simply thought wtf... The decor isn't very Japanese more Chinese and the menu also has tons of Chinese food also... The service was really god and the sushi chefs were cool as hell... So far this is the only place in Arizona I haven't complained about the sushi... It's not the greatest but I thought it was cool... so in my opinion its A-OK
5	Excellent food, charming atmosphere, and great service. Love the rainbow roll and eel roll. Tempura cheesecake and green tea mochi ice cream are both delicious and unique dessert items. Bathrooms are classy and clean. Overall superb dining experience. Take out is excellent as well. Soy sauce, pickled ginger, and Wasabi are all chemical free. Be sure to ask for the fresh Wasabi!  The best!
4	Have had trouble finding good sushi in the area, so I was really happy to find this place. I will definitely be going back. It's a little expensive for dinner, but they do have a good happy hour and you get what you pay for.
3	The service......amazing!The food...........mediocre.The atmosphere....beautiful!1-10 scale i would give it a 6 mainly because of the awesome service.
5	I absolutely love this place.  Happy Hour menu is awesome.  I love tuna tartare.  Great martinis!!  Service is excellent.  My son loves the staff here, they always come and say hi to him.  I would recommend to any of my friends, family.
2	Been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile now and was so excited when I saw a livingsocial deal I just had to have it. The food was good but our server was not so great. It took her long periods of times to bring back drinks and such. We asked for a childrens menu when we sat down and it took 34 minutes for her to come back empty handed and we had to ask her again. They only thing I could say about the food was I wish they would bring the dishes out all together instead of staggered apart.
4	I love, love, love the restaurant, the food and most of the staff at Otaku, but there are times when they make mistakes on the order or the service is slow ... glad they finally redid their menu so it is not so huge (I mean size, not number of items). PS: Whatever that pineapple mojito type drink they have is SO yummy too!
3	Nice decor and tasteful layout.   Went there for lunch and the food was nothing spectacular.   Service was rather slow, given that there was'nt much of a lunch crowd.  The sushi was just ok, have tasted better and the Bento box was interesting but nothing to write home about.  In summary great place if you have a GroupOn or for Happy Hour
5	Very delicious and friendly! They do happy hour every day which is so great! The sushi is always very delicious and the same with their entrees. I love how close this is to my house. We visit this place quite frequently!
5	This place is fabulous! Great food, friendly staff, and an awesome interior. My family has basically ordered everything off of the menu and nothing has come close to being disappointing.  You will NOT be let down, it was delicious.
3	This place is decent. Unlike other reviewers I found the decor to be over the top and rather...hodge-podge, they have so many different types of materials: marble, tile, rock, paint, carpet, etc. that the place really lacks cohesion ( I'm an interior designer, so it's entirely possible I'm just pickier than most). Their chairs were super comfy though. I went here with my husband and my parents, since it's down the street from their new place. We went during happy hour, they have a pretty good happy hour menu, but don't have any of their specialty rolls on it. Their specialty  rolls seemed a bit overpriced and some of their classic rolls they made cheaper by taking out ingredients. I've never had a Las Vegas roll with only 3 ingredients or a Shrimp tempura roll with only 2. All of their rolls with salmon came with smoked salmon, so I specifically asked if I could order rolls with normal salmon and was told I could absolutely do that. We proceeded to order 2 Las Vegas rolls, 1 with regular salmon. We also ordered a Shrimp tempura roll, a Rainbow roll, Gyoza, Honey Chicken and Sweet and Sour Chicken. When our waitress delivered the rolls I asked her which Vegas roll had the regular salmon, she gave me a blank look and said I'd never ordered that, that the roll comes with smoked salmon, as if the conversation about it had never happened. She also said something along the lines of "It's hard to redo deep fried rolls" implying they wouldn't take the roll back. That just really annoyed me, she made the mistake, she knew it and wouldn't own up to it. I didn't push it, because there wasn't that much salmon in the rolls anyway, they were mostly rice, they tasted ok. The Tempura roll was good as was the Rainbow roll (though most of the toppings were shrimp instead of the 4 types of fish you usually get). The Gyoza, Honey chicken and Sweet and Sour chicken were all delicious. All in all I just felt like their rolls were very cheaply made. Perhaps they should have spent less on the decor and put more into their fish budget. If we came here again it would probably be for the Chinese food and not for the sushi.
1	Please note, this is my very first review of any kind.. I visited this sushi bar today with my son because he bought a 1/2 off groupon - off we went!Very nice place, great ambiance... I was impressed, however wise enough to know that books AND restaurants shouldn't be judged on the surface. I frequent many sushi bars and some of the best sushi I've eaten can be found in much less elegant of establishments - don't be fooled!We ordered 5 maki rolls to start:2 from their 'signature' menu (firecracker roll and the madi gras roll)I love spicy food of all kinds - the firecracker roll was just HEAT, no FLAVOR, big upset. The madi gras roll was plain and flavorless. You'd be hard pressed to find a piece of lobster in there and they must have run out of cilantro because no tasty herb anywhere!! Keep in mind, these are signature rolls, $12+ a roll. The other 3 rolls were from their 'traditional' selection.. We got the following:Las Vegas roll - ok, the sushi to rice ratio was about 20/80, not impressed at all.Eel roll - eel?? Where was the eel? Spicy scallop roll - Zero spice and quite frankly it tasted like mushy rice.. The consistency was way off... Also take note that these 'traditional rolls' are no bigger than a quarter in diameter, very small for almost $10 per roll, ridiculous!!Our waiter saw my puzzled look as he brought out these rolls and never once asked if there was a problem or how our food was when he brought the check.. Which brings us to $$Our total was $55 for the most ridiculous lunch I've ever had.. Thanks, or NO thanks to the Groupon, we then owed $25 for really NOTHING more than an upscale environment!Save your time and spare your disappointment by passing up this joint!My recommendations for great sushi, Blue Wasabi, Sakana and The Sushi Room.  Happy eating!
4	Went here tonight on a date with my BF.  I was pleasantly surprised with the atmosphere, service, and food.  All the ingredients were fresh and yummy. The Chow Mein was the best I have had in years.  The staff was very friendly and attentive. I would give the one sushi roll, Golden Cali Roll, we got a 3.. it was just ok. The BF liked it more than me.
2	Beautiful place! Unfortunately, the food was only mediocre. Went with a groupon and the waiter was nice enough to ring up two separate tickets for us, since we couldn't use our groupon on happy hour items. We got the Las Vegas Roll, which was not very good. We also had edamame, which was good (hard to mess that up). For our entrees, we had the Mongolian Beef and Combination Chow  Mein. Both were very heavy handed with salt. Probably the worst part was the manager, who spent quite a bit of time at a table in our area. He was very loud and overly assertive with his authority. At one point, he called our waiter over to have him fill their water glasses whereas a good manager would have taken care of it himself. He seemed eager to impress the patrons of the table. A bit later, he commented "That's how we do it at Otaku." Ew! Obnoxious! Overall, not somewhere we will go again.
2	Went for the first time and I probably won't be going back. The sushi tasted like store bought sushi from a carton. This does not even compare to Kona grill.
3	The atmosphere at Otaku was wonderful! This was my first time coming here and all of the staff was extremely friendly and welcoming. As soon as I walked in I noticed how amazing decorations are and got the feeling that it was a more upscale restaurant. The whole place was very lively and fun, definitely not stuffy.This was only my first time eating sushi, or even any type or seafood, so I wasn't really sure what to order. The menu was huge and had so many choices things to order so I decided to ask what the waitress recommended. The waitress was very friendly and after asking what kinds of foods I liked she recommended I get the spicy tuna roll with rice paper instead of seaweed. The presentation of the sushi was quite nice. However, I was not a fan of how the sushi actually tasted. This being my first time trying sushi, I was not impressed. It could have been that I just don't like the taste of sushi because the other people I was with seemed to enjoy their meal. The food was definitely a little pricy, but the atmosphere and friendly wait staff was spectacular. I had a wonderful experience for my first time at Otaku and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys sushi.
3	I went to Otaku because i had never tried sushi before. I was suprised as soon as i walked in this sushi bar did not smell like raw fish. Which is one of the main reasons I had never one into a sushi place before. The resturant had an amazing atmosphere. Not extremely loud like Benihana. If you're looking for a nice quiet dinner this is the place to go.      This was my first time eating sushi, the waiters were very helpful when it came to me ordering. I choose a very generic sushi, the California roll. The food is a bit more pricey then other places i have been too, that also happen to have sushi. If you go during happy hour prices are much more reasonable though. The chow mein was the best I have ever had.      Though i did enjot the resturant, I did not enjoy the sushi. It could of just been my tastebuds though. The place was very steadily busy, and everyone looked like they enjoyed their food. I probably will not be back because I didn't enjoy the food. But i would be willing to go again for the atmosphere!
1	Pro:  had a groupon; cute waitresses; clean bathrooms; better than expected decorCons: Dirty dishes- came with a group of 4- two of the plates had food stains on it - 2 of the bowls for the soup had food particles on it - hard to get over that hump - food is mediocre and pretty tasteless  - if looking or Asian fusion, save yourself the time and money and jut head over to Pei Wei.Flies liked our food, though
2	Arrived at the tail end of Happy Hour on a Friday. Confusion at the hostess stand when we arrived and more confusion as to who was actually serving us. Scallop Poppers were yummy and sweet but my husband had to pick too much "bad lettuce" out of his Seaweed Salad (I would've sent it back). Pomtini was deelish but the Iced Tea was from the fountain (not fresh-brewed; yuck); ice water was foul as well.Off the dinner menu, went with the Tiger Roll (pretty tasteless), Monster Roll (which was sitting in a heap of Chiptotle Mayo and that's all I tasted) and the Red Blossom Roll (spicy; best of the 3). Sushi was served without soy sauce dipping dishes and we had to wait 'til the server stopped back to get some; then, the soy sauce pots were empty. Ugh.We used a Groupon so the overall tab wasn't too bad but I'd never be tempted to drive out of my way here again. Sorry.
2	We came on a livingsocial. The place looks great. Looks hi quality. Looks like the food would be good. However, that's where it stops. We had 4 types of sushi. All were very average. All very small. The rainbow roll was again average, as well as the rest. Basically a nice place with avg service and nice looks, avg food at a very very overpriced bill ! Will not be back.
4	Always been good sushi. Good happy hour. Best part you can find dishes for your non-sushi friends.
3	My wife received a gift card to Otaku, so we decided to go at the most awkward time of day for Japanese food....very early Sunday afternoon.First off I'll start by saying Otaku has sooo much potential. Decor, ambiance, and cleanliness were great. We were actually amazed at how cool and modern the inside was. Not sure how long it has been around, but everything looked brand new. Service was great as well. Menu looked packed with a lot of potentially delicious rolls and dishes. We both ordered bento boxes, teriyaki chicken for me and she ordered shrimp. Food was decent, I've had better Japanese....my fried rice was really dry but the rest of my bento box was alright. I'm actually not surprised there are several reviews saying the food was okay, because it was just that. I wouldn't mind going back to try ou their rolls.
1	Well let me say when a Sushi place smells like fish you better run away. My wife and I have gone to this place 3 times and it seems like it is dying. The last time we dined for lunch and the place stank of fish the moment we walked through the door. The wait staff was over zealous in trying to upsell us. Needless to say we drive by regularly and wonder why they still are in business. Thankfully we had a groupon the last time we were there, but we still didn't feel we got our money's worth. Sorry, but here are many places better than this one.
3	This place seems to still be going though some growing pains. Ambience is ok, tables are oddly laid out and it seems they could use some of the space better and fit a few more tables in.  Most of the food I've ordered has been good but it seems some of the recipes have changed. The hot and sour soup used to have more 'kick' to it, it is still very good but I prefer it very hot tasting. The sweet and sour chicken seemed a little dry and next time I will ask for more sauce. Our friend ordered the orange chicken and it was very good. Service is touch and go, seems we had to hunt our server down a couple of times and ask for more napkins and silverware. I honestly have never had much of their sushi, except for the squid salad, which was a huge serving and tasted ok. Drink menu is average, only thing that stood out was the 'pomtini'.. no prices on the drink menu either. For $8 the pomtini was average, didn't even some with a sugared rim or any fruit. There is room for improvement for almost everything here and hopefully it can only get better.
4	Let's start with the service, fantastic. They're very nice and attentive, but never invasive or bothersome. They have lunch specials which makes it nice, but I had the spring jalapeno chicken and it was delicious. Just the right amount of fire, and all the flavor you could hope for. While the ambiance is a bit quiet, they have tv's running, and the look is very clean and modern. It is by no means a boring place. I can only image how epic this place would be like on a Friday night, maybe Happy Hour?
4	Fantastic.  Service can be hit or miss but the food makes up for it.
5	Otaku has THE best sweet and sour chicken.  My husband, who has traveled the world, says their sweet and sour chicken is the best he's ever had.  I love their sushi and have never had a mediocre dish here.
4	Came here on a Monday night. The location in a half empty business seems a bit strange, and it's easy to miss if you aren't looking for it. However, it's definitely worth a trip!I'm not hugely adventurous when it comes to sushi, so my friend ordered for us. Was quite good! Will definitely return
4	Been here a couple of times.  Nothing bad to say.  Food is great.  Can't give 5 stars, because I am a noobie to the Sushi world and I don't want to speak for those who are experts.  Can say that for someone like myself it was great.  Staff is friendly and very helpful.  Place is kind of in a weird location, but worth the visit.
3	We miss the old happy hour. It's not what it used to be. The food is good if you're okay with the prices and fish portions. They should be bigger portions for the price.
4	Good sushi. Very creative rolls. Very attentive service. Thursdays are ladies night:)
4	This place is amazing. Great food, great service, wonderful place. We will definitely be back, often.
2	Well if you like to eat sushi in a loud annoying environment then this is the place for you. I stopped for lunch and had my usual smoked salmon nigiri that I get at sushi places. It was ok nothing special. The blaring music and screaming children made me really want to leave.   Does anyone want to listen Sean Paul's "Get Busy" while eating lunch?  It's a restaurant.  It's lunch.  It's not a nightclub.  Do people really think that loud music makes a place cool?  Never going back!
4	I have been here twice.  The food was  good and both times the service was good.  The server last visit was very helpful with selections with food and beverages.  Not the best sushi I have ever had but above average.  Decor is nice but looking for cooler weather to sit on the patio
4	We came here for the first time today and had a great time.  Sat outside with the misters on and were not rushed out during our leisurely lunch.  Service was good and friendly and they even welcomed our well behaved puppy on the patio.  The salmon sushi and sashimi were VERY good although portions were small. The quality of fish is above average so I can deal with the smaller portions so long as they keep the fresh fish coming. Loved the spicy tuna roll and Monster roll too. Overall we really enjoyed this place and loved that it was pet friendly.  Next time we are in the area this will be a must go to place.
3	We just had a mediocre lunch here. What made it bad was mostly the service. Not sure if they were understaffed but it really wasn't that busy. It started out bad when we had to wait about 5 to 10 minutes just to be seated for lunch. There was nobody in front of us, nobody behind us, and nobody to even acknowledge our existence. When someone finally said that he would be right there to seat us we thought he would finish up what he was doing and come seat us. Wrong, he proceeded to clear more tables and more tables before someone else had to come seat us. To me, that is not a good idea to keep customers waiting when you could do that after we sat down. It wasn't like they were busy or needed the tables. Just bad prioritizing. The wait for our food was terribly long. The food was mediocre. We also had to wait quite awhile for our check. We hardly saw our waiter during our meal.I think this place needs to work on customer service more before they continue to lose customers. I'm willing to give the place another try just in case it was a bad day and hope things are different.The restaurant does look nice and has some potential.
5	Had my birthday dinner here and it was perfect. We enjoyed the Hot Cheetos roll for the first time and our normal sushi order. Everything turned out great and service was on point.
4	This place is the BEST for lunch and happy hour.
5	Absolutely love this place!  Always great service.  The sushi is always fresh, we love sashimi and have never been disappointed.  I love a restaurant that has specials, and Otaku always has specials.  On the weekend you can try 5 delicious  items from the small plate menu for $20.  Try the fresh wasabi, you won't be disappointed.  They serve a great pineapple mojito as well!
4	I came here because I saw pictures of sushi on the Yelp app that made my mouth water.  Unfortunately, I didn't get any of those pieces but what I had was okay.  The quail eggs were delicious.  The bartender here is phenomenal!  Cute little Asian packed with personality. She made me promise to come every Thursday for ladies night.  If you're a female in the area on a Thursday, go there!  She will take care of you!
3	I had lunch one time and the sushi was pretty good but I think they're overpriced for a lunch menu. I can get sushi just as good 4 miles down the road for a lot less. The restaurant itself is very clean and has nice decor. The staff was also very friendly.
4	They have a great happy hour and the staff is awesome.
5	I have been to Otaku a few times on dates and love it. Maybe becuz the owner came out with some special sake that I had asked for. The sushi chefs are top notxh and the environment is great. High quality fish and if u know how to dine, (not peak hours) then Otaku is fantastic. The concepr is that of an enthusiast of Japanese culture and that is met with aplomb. Thanks Otaku!
4	Spicy jumbo chicken wings were very good. Ordered the tri tuna lunch. Nice cuts, fresh and good mix. Received the free edamame with check in. The beans were cooked right- not soft and mushy like some places- with sea salt. The service was great. The other people with me ordered the sashimi and sushi lunch. They enjoyed it too.
5	We love this place.  Came here with my wife and little guy.  The waitress we had was super friendly with him and very attentive. They have some cool sushi renditions here for rolls.  The Korean short rib is hands down one of the most amazing things I've ever eaten.  Get it you'll love it.  The decor is pretty interesting and the place was jamming with people when we got there so it has a nice atmosphere.  They messed up our roll immediately came over apologized fixed it and comped us a tempura fried cheesecake.   Let me tell you the cheesecake is unbelievable.  It melts in your mouth when you eat it.   The manager was great and quick to fix and please.  They won us over as return customers.
5	Sushi was great! Very unique menu choices. Servers and manager were extremely personable. I'll definitely go back!
4	Had really great experiences here.  Great food,  Great service.  One time only we came for dinner and there was an issue we had to wait but the manager comped our whole meal and apologized many times.  Worth the try.
5	I'm a little late on writing this review but I just had to give this place 5 stars!  It was Valentine's Day and I had forgot to make reservations.  I called at the last minute and the squeezed me in .. we didn't order the 'standard' Valentine's Day menu they offered, we just did our regular thing.  Some sashimi and a couple of sushi rolls.  The services was great, the food was fresh as always and we had a great evening!  This place is fantastic and I highly recommend them!
5	I love this place! Our first time back on 3 months and the bartenders all remembered my name! The food is always amazing and the service is top notch! They had Washington State oysters as a special and they were so delicate and fresh I thought I was in Washington. We had 4 rolls and each was perfect! The cardinal roll, the monster roll, the lollipop roll, and the mardi gras roll! Fantastic!The bartenders are well trained know the food and drinks! They always steer us in the right direction! I will be back more often! Love this place!!!!
5	Food is great. Although the location is a little bit off the beaten path it makes for a nice, quiet dinner. The sushi is authentic and they have Chinese food for those not fond of sushi. The cheetah roll is by far my favorite.. Even though it is a little gimmicky with the flaming hot Cheetos in the center, it tastes amazing!
4	This is only my second review on Yelp and I'm reserving my judgement on the whole idea of Yelp due to  my first post being removed from the site for reasons unknown.  That being said, we had dinner last night at Otaku - we've been there in the past, enjoyed it and decided to visit them again.  We enjoyed the sushi - it was very good - Ben and Jesus were fun to talk to with and we found our taste in fish very similar.  The service was great, our beer glasses filled when needed and we felt very welcomed.  We will definitely go back to see what other specials they have to offer.
1	Sushi not fresh today.  This is the first time so We will try it again.  Calamari very good.
5	This place has become a favorite for my whole family.  Their staff is very friendly and now recognize us because we are there almost weekly.  Even my 5 year old daughter has a favorite - Honey chicken and edamame, which she requests to eat there all the time.  My favorite dishes include:  The yellowtail special, the Cheetah roll, the Pineapple curry fried rice, and the Vietnamese eggrolls. We are always try new items and are never disappointed in the flavors!
4	The interior decorating and food was awesome!  Only drawback was the size of the bathroom - not friendly for families as it holds only 1 person!The garlic edamame was so unique and flavorfull!  I ordered the box lunch which included meso soup, eggroll, fried rice, sushi, and a meat (chicken, steak, etc.) choice.  This was all customizable as well - lots of food for only $9!  What a steal!  Geat job guys!
4	Good rolls, very good service, and a nice atmosphere. A little more expensive than other sushi places, but a good choice if the location is convenient.
3	Good overall sushi place.Decor is nice and contemporary and their selection for sushi rolls was nice. One standout was the Cheetah roll (cant beat flaming hot cheetos). Presentation of food was nice. I don't remember the rest of the items i ate so that is why its not getting a higher rating. I only tried the Sushi type items not sure about the rest of the menu.Not a bad place to check out.Portions are not as big as other places and prices are ok to slightly above average
3	Went here for my birthday dinner, I had the Hot and Messy roll which was $16, this is the most expensive sushi roll I have ever ordered. While it was delicious, including the scallop on top and warm tempura roll, it was not spectacular which is what I was hoping for. My dinner companion ordered the chinese dish of walnut shrimp. The portion was small for the price but it was good, not great for $15. Last week I had a bite of my son's crab roll off the kid's menu, it was pretty good for $2. The adult  prices are  high and you are paying for the ambiance, the decor and layout of the restaurant are gorgeous. Too bad the food is just so-so. Not sure if I will return, I have had better sushi from the Fry's sushi bar for $9 a roll.
5	Service was great. The staff was so friendly. The sushi I had was great and the slices I had were nice and thick. Great find and great spot.  Looking forward to bringing friends and family!!!
5	I brought some friends here for dinner for their last night out. This is one of our favorite spots so we wanted them to try it for sure. There were a few mishaps along the way, but when I brought them to the managers' attention he went above and beyond to fix the problems and made sure we left extremely happy. Not only will we return for the yummy food,  but we will return for the STELLAR management team and their customer service.
5	The service is outstanding and the food is wonderful! My husband and I come here all the time.  The management and the staff is friendly and helpful.  The mardi gras roll is amazing!
4	Good sushi and nice ambiance. The modern decor would make this place a good casual date location. The sushi was good and prompt.  The appetizers were pretty tasty too. We will definitely be back.
4	Their soy sauce had a smokey flavor. Affected the taste of standard rolls.Las Vegas roll - tasted a little like bologna, prolly because of the soy.Spicy Salmon roll - spicy and deliciousSexy Girl roll - crab meat, sweet mayo, and a slice of strawberry. Mellow, fruity, almost like a dessert.The staff were polite, helpful.
5	Have been to Otaku a couple times.  Just visited for lunch today.  It was another great meal that myself and my family enjoyed.  The service and the food is fantastic.  Great lunch specials!  Looking forward to going back real soon.
5	This was my first time here. I loved the ambience. It felt modern & classy. I came with my family. Their menu has many choices. We shared the Otaku platter for an appetizer. Everything we ordered tasted wonderful! I had the Galbi- Korean ribs. The only complaint I have is that you get only two pieces of ribs for $14. I feel that it's too pricey for the size. Our server was very accommodating & the manger came to check on our table to make sure everything was ok. All in all our we had an awesome 1st time experience! I definitely recommend it to everyone!!
5	We decided to return to give this Otaku another shot and we were not disappointed! The service was on point, the food was phenomenal, and the ambience is like nothing else in Gilbert. This fish tank they have by the entrance is beautiful and you can tell they take great care of all the animals. We had the Superman roll, the Strawberry roll (my favorite), spicy tuna roll, and the Red Blossom. All of them had great flavor and the fish was very fresh. I also had the pineapple mojito. It was great. Our waiter also informed us that they grow their own mint on the patio! Very cool. We will definitely return and be sure to bring family and friends next time!
3	Not bad, not great. Hubs and I went for lunch on a Sunday about a month ago. Friendly service, but it took quite awhile to get our food. The sodas were really watered down, which annoyed me. I felt like I should've just ordered water and saved my money. Hubs wasn't too impressed with his food, but I liked mine. I ordered the tootzy roll and the cheetah roll. Both were tasty, although the amount of cream cheese in the cheetah roll was a bit much. Hubs loves to get quail eggs, and this place had them and the presentation was neat. But they're overpriced. Maybe we will go back for dinner sometime, but seeing as we weren't blown away by our first visit, and with it being quite a distance away, it will be awhile before we do.
5	The first five star i have rated. And with a heavy hand, I can say with clear conscious that it is well deserved. They delivery and presentation of food, drink, tea and sashami are artisian craft. The slices are perfect every time,  rare cuts of seabass and perfectly cured Saba (makeral). Every time is exciting(four times pre-yelp) and this time no different, the lunch special is perfect upper class bento box. The scenery and ambiance is perfect for a blooming Gilbert and Chandler cross roads. The glass patio being a magnificent architecture. The only fishy smell you get is from their gorgeous salt water tank. Today I got a free edamame. Thanks to yelp.
5	*recommending the cheetah roll, moon festival fried ice cream and the orange chicken. Otaku has great food but even better customer service! My wife, brother and I decided to get Chinese, and let me start by saying we are not big fans of chinese, but my brother was in the mood. The enviorment is very trendy with a circular  window-wall like dining room. Everything we ordered was delicious! (***The cheetah roll with hot cheetos sounds wrong but it taste amazing!). We got a dragon roll were the eel was very salty (just took it off and continued with our chow) but our waitress Stephanie with her great customer service plus making sure that our drinks were constantly topped off made us overlook it.  She was great,  definitely ask for her. Had great knowledge of her food and really made us feel like guest. Even though we didn't complain about it, a passing  waiter,  Stephanie and the manager all would ask us about the eel and if there was anything they could do. It's incredibly refreshing to have this kind of customer service. I will definitely return on the customer service alone (food is a bonus!). In the end the manager decided to give us our orderd dessert free as an apology. Try it out
5	First of all I must say that their customer service is excellent! I'm a big fan of the walnut shrimp.Everything about Otaku is on point.
4	This restaurant is around the corner from my office, and I'm so glad I found it.Every time I go here for lunch, the food is consistently good. The atmosphere of the restaurant is beautiful and clean. The sushi is delicious, and always tastes fresh. Their spicy tuna roll is my favorite.I usually get the lunch bento box with miso soup and a dish called Seafood Otaku, which contains shrimp, scallops, and mixed vegetables in a spicy sauce.
3	Bery trendy armosphere, looks like a good Happy Hour spot.I had the lunch special - Bento Box. Was very good.The full menu looks very interesting. I will come back again.3 stars because part of the bento box, was brought to me 7 minutes after i got it. Does not mean I would not go back and look to try more menu items.
5	Beef Chow Fun is awesome every time! Food is fresh and portions are perfect. Hubby loves the sushi!
4	This was our third time here and the best so far. I try to give places 2-3 times before making a real assessment unless it's obviously a bad spot. First time was 4 stars, last time was 3 stars and this time was 5 stars for sure.  Orange chicken, beef and broccoli, scallop poppers, and a couple of rolls. All delicious and good service.
5	Great sushi and Asian menu! Chefs are always good abt customizations in the kitchen and at the sushi bar. Very friendly staff, they tolerate and even entertain our children who hang out and run around the salt water tank! My best friend and I love to share the Hot Pot, Singapore Noodles, Vegas Roll, and King Salmon Nigiri!
3	It is a good place that we have enjoyed a few times. The atmosphere is pretty neat and different too. Especially for the area that is starting to be developed.Has s good menu and service seemed to be good as well. We have no complaints.
5	Tonight was a wonderful evening! We are visiting our grandparents from Los Angeles, and who knew the Gparents liked sushi and his is their favorite place !! We walked in to be seated right away. Codi was our server. She was very attentive and got our order in right away. She was kind to my gramma and very patient with her.  She suggested the Monster roll which we had and was delicious.  The Salmon and tuna sushi was melting in out mouth it was so fresh and delicious.  We can't wait to come back and visit and go here for all around great time!!
5	ASK FOR THE FRESH WASABI. I'd never even seen fresh wasabi before, now I can't get enough. I am so super thrilled to have found this place. We've gone for family outings and for date nights, we were massively impressed on both occasions. The staff is amazing. Also...you wouldn't think about sushi restaurants having deserts but they just came out with a special fall season roll...I think there is pumpkin pie in there. I would recommend this place to anyone.
5	Amazing location n food. Order the cheetah roll. It's great!! Enjoyed a great conversation with the manager. Also ask for the fresh wasabi, it's super spicy n yummy
5	I feel lucky to live so close! Went for a girls night and we all enjoyed our meals and sushi. Excellent service and nice atmosphere.
3	Interior is nice and has that "hip" feel that most sushi places seem to be going for these days but the food was less than average which was disappointing. Dined there at lunch on a Saturday afternoon and were the only guests in the building. The biggest downside was the blaring r&b music that was so loud you couldn't have a conversation with your companions. Lots of unique and modern rolls if you enjoy that but the sashimi we had was cut so thick and had sinew running through it which was very off putting. I would probably stick to a more conventional sushi restaurant next time that focuses more on the art of sushi than trying to be hip.
3	Very nice presentation of dishes and helpful waitress. Food is a bit on the expensive side... Not worth the price. Spent 25$ and didn't feel full. The atmosphere is great because it's peaceful with the right amount of lightning.
5	Great sushi! Get the new Zealand king salmon whenever it is on special.  Chefs will also wow you with custom creations.
3	We live very close to this restaurant and have been there a number of times. The sushi rolls are ok but their daily happy hour specials are a great value.While the food is average, their service is typically great. One female manager is particularly attentive and seems to take an interest in the guests. We've had some excellent servers too.The food is fairly average (though MUCH better than the typical Pan Asian style restaurants in the area). It does have an urban atmosphere and is a great option for the neighborhood.
5	I loved this place, have driven by it several times and decided to stop in on a Saturday night, I was surprised it was not more crowded but that was good for us. Our service was exceptional, greeted by a very friendly host, sat us in a nice booth....the restaurant is beautiful inside. Our server was prompt and friendly, and the other servers were also attentive to us when needed.The food was great, we shared three rolls and the seaweed salad. We had the Moon dragon, The Lollipop and the Hot n Messy....this place is a hidden gem.....try it
4	Great lunch options. The orange chicken is amazing. Definitely not you Panda Express quality. It's perfectly crispy with a bit of zing. The chirashi bowl tasted fresh and lovely with chopped cucumber and avocado.
