5	This is the best Oyster Bar I've been to in all of Las Vegas.  The oysters are fresh and does not have a weird after taste to them.  The service is great, quick and efficient, and most importantly very inexpensive.The atmosphere is very laid back and casual.  A great place for a comfortable dating experience.  I would definitely go back over and over again.
5	S.O. and I have been going to Big Al's Oyster Bar for about five years now.  This is where we eat dinner prior to seeing a movie at the movie theater upstairs of Orleans Casino.  Allot 1 hour to sit down for dinner.  Service is really quick if you sit down by the oyster bar where you would see the cooks preparing the orders.  Our favorites here include Shrimp Cocktail, Louisiana Gumbo, and Steamed Clams in white wine sauce with garlic.Here's a link to see Big Al's Oyster Bar menu and hours:http://www.orleanscasino.com/restaurants/oyster-bar-lunch-menu.html
5	OMG...best oyster bar ever. for the price...its totally worth it. the oysters are  super fresh and big. not to big where it gets disgusting but  big. another must visit in sin city. i just wish it wasnt so far from the strip.
4	Out of this world chowder.   Sit at the bar and watch the prep that goes into every dish, and you will be wowed.  This is the best chowder I have ever had. I was thinking  there's a pancetta base, and some smoked ham in the soup, but I could be wrong.  The chef said I was on it though. I was chatting with said chef about how the clams are prepared, and low and behold  the said chef and a soux started prep on the base. I watched with appreciation!! They make real chowder here.  This is easily one of the best simple meals in the city.  There's a lot of fresh chervil, ground sea salt, white pepper, and some kind of white root (Not sure what it was) in the chowder, and the chef admitted they use ham hocks, and salt pork for braise of clams, and top it off with a reduction of quality ingredients. Finely diced pancetta comes in as a finish (at the prep level its like two cutting boards worth), so I felt smart.  I think that's the finish. You definitely get that zing and love from the nutmeg in the background here.  Really thought it might be all premium bacon base, and he was thriled  that I  thought that.   There's no can openers used here. Scratch chowder to perfection. A must if you're ever in the casino. Friendly service, exceptionally clean seating area, open immaculate kitchen. A Jem!   This is a rare chance to eat great scratch chowder on the west coast.  If you're cool and nice to the servers while at the bar, they may accidentally slip you another service.Memorable.
4	What can I say.. this place is awesomeness wrapped up inside even more awesomeness.  I'm the kind of guy that's always looking for a fairly low key place with great food at a decent price.  And surprisingly this place is it if you like seafood.  I ate here today and had the Bouillabaisse - a type of seafood stew and it was EXCELLENT.  Sweet pieces of roughy, scallops, shrimp, clams, and muscles, all stewed to perfection in a savory broth served with rice on the side.  The chef exclaimed that they usually have asakan king crab and other exotic seafood but he compensated by giving me more scallops. The food is cooked inside special steam pans that ensure that the food is just right!  The chefs know their stuff, and the prices are right!  (you can eat a great meal for $10 here... but the boullibase was closer to $18).If you like seafood... be sure to check this place out.  Don't be fooled by the fact that the Orleans isn't on the strip.... its considered a local casino and its not bad at all.
4	get the combination pan roast.  Again its in the middle of the casino..but BFG.....big fu*kin deal... its bomb ass food. *still have yet to try the chowder and more...I ordered the jambalaya pasta...I've had better at the rainforest cafe.
2	I feel like the Orleans has been in decline for the past two years.  Big Al's seems to be following suit.On the positive side, the clam chowder is great and at $6.95 for a bowl a real bargain.  It tastes great and it's filling to steal a variation on a beer commercial.On the negative side the service has become slow and it even takes awhile just to get seated even when the place isn't full.  The entrees that I've had, such as the Jambalaya pasta are average and not worth a special trip.  A special warning about the Po' Boy sandwiches.  They range from tasteless to just plain bad.  Avoid them.If you go to Big Al's, go for the chowder.
4	My girlfriends and I have made Big Al's our tradition to hit up while in Vegas.  Their chowder is great.  Really rich.  Don't get the artichoke crab dip...it tastes like the chowder so do one or the other.  We do our regular dozen oysters on a half shell.  The cevice (? don't know how to spell it) was alright.  It was a little overcooked so the texture was a little rubbery.  The steamed clams in white wine and garlic are great!  I would recommend!
5	Every trip to Vegas always includes a trip to Big Al's. The food has always been good.  Service has always been good if not great.  No complaints ever.
4	Just came back from a short weekend jaunt to Vegas for a convention that my wife attended at the Orleans Hotel.Had a decent meal at Big Al's but was far more impressed with our waitress than we were with the food.Took awhile to be seated, even though there were plenty of seats available, which is probably due to the lack of wait staff.Drinks service came quite quickly and the iced tea tasted fresh brewed, but it would have been nice to have sweet tea at a southern themed joint.We ordered the Seafood Cobb Salad which was very good and quite surprising.  I expected a normal bunch of lettuce with the usual Cobb salad dressings, egg, bacon, bleu cheese etc, then with some seafood on top.  But this was a big lump of very fresh seafood, crab, shrimp mix I believe and light on the salad portion.  Very good and a pleasant surprise.My wife ordered the soft shelled crab, which was a major disappointment.  Not only did it taste bad, it was really poorly fried and it felt like it had been fried much earlier in the day and then just reheated, so it was fried yuck.Well like I said our waitress was great, and gave my wife a replacement for free, so she chose steamed clams.  The clams were good, but tiny clams, steamed in butter, with onion and I am sure vodka or another liquor.  They could have dropped the vodka, because it took away from the flavor of the clam.  Seasonings to me should enhance taste and not overpower the taste of the main ingredient.  Not to say it wasn't good, just too much alcohol taste, at least for me (and I like alcohol as an ingredient)  To make them much better, added a drop of the Melinda's Habanero Pepper Sauce, and then mmmm, a hit was born.Again, service was A+ and one item quite good and the other two...so, so.  A reasonable price and pleasant enough environment, would lead me to try Big Al's again, if I were back at the Orlean's.
4	One of the best clam chowders in the city of Las Vegas! The cioppino was also to my liking. The oysters you ask? Of course they were awesome! This place would be in trouble if they did not have decent oysters, right? I like eating at the bar because you can see them cook and shuck right there. I recommend this place for any seafood lover.
4	Food: 4Service: 5Ambiance: 4I sat at the counter, which I usually don't do, but it was great. There was lots of interesting activity as the food was prepared right in front of me, and not only was I served by a waitress, but also by the chefs. They were all very attentive and chatty.I started out with the white chowder, which, despite the other reviews, I found unexceptional. Plus, they were out of raw clams, which I wanted for an appetizer. The surprise came when I saw and tasted the salmon I had ordered. It was wonderful! (see picture). Tasty and as moist and tender as could be, served in a colorful triangular plate with some salad greens and rice.
4	The first thing I'd like to say, is that the service was awesome as hell. The woman that served us was down to earth, cracked wonderful jokes and was easy to talk to. She also gave honest opinions on the food and told me I should have my oyster steamed rather than raw. She was right, the oyster was tasty steamed, not so much raw (I think it's because I'm not used to eating raw oysters). The oysters were not the best I've ever tasted, but it was tasty.The waitress was very attentive and would come up to us with the slightest eye contact, or even when we didn't call her, she'd come to ask if we're alright or not. The salmon was incredibly delicious! Tender, smooth texture, and it really just makes you go mmmmmmmmmm~! But really, the best of the best at Big Als is the BOSTON CLAM CHOWDER! Oh god it's super delicious. It had rice and meat and oohh man mmmmmmm~! Super creamy and just the right texture. I couldn't stop taking a bite! By the time I was finished, it was all gone and I felt extremely satisfied. Not to mention the appetizer bread they give you goes great with it. Well, the bread alone is already delish! I would DEFINITELY go here again the next time I visit Las Vegas. YUM!The only reason why I docked off a point was because of the oysters. For an oyster bar, it didn't fit my expectations for a 5 star rating. Everything else, however, is awesome!
4	We got bouillabaisse, raw oysters and clams, and a soft shell crab po' boy sandwich for the 3 of us. we got 6 each of the oysters and clams and the waiter counted it as a dozen, so it's a bit cheaper. the bouillabaisse came with rice and bread and it was HUGE! we did not even touch the sandiwch until the next day for leftovers. we could have been full with just the bouillabaisse. but since we ate the oysters and clams, we didn't eat the rice that came with it. the next day, we ate the sandwich and it was still good! the soft shell crab was fried perfectly. i bet it would have been better when it was fresh. oh well. the only down all of this place is that it's far from the strip!
4	Had a seat at the bar, the cook/server was very helpful and friendly.  Food was great, portions were GIGANTIC! The cashier/hostess, however, was a bit rude, and didn't know how to charge my bill to the room. =(
3	I've gone here twice - most likely will go back again the next time I visit Las Vegas.The whole family loves seafood, so it's the place to be especially since two of us like spicy food.  :-)I guess I'll have to visit New Orleans to see how it stacks up, but since we live closer to this place, it will have to be my place to go.Next time you're in Vegas and you want to get off the strip, stop on by - hey - you can even throw a couple balls down the alley - I think they have 70 (yeah that many) bowling lanes.
3	I lived at the Orleans for 6 weeks so let's just say I had countless of visits to big al's. I'd give this place 3.5 stars but you can't do that on yelp. but they arent quite good enough for 4. The best of the best at Big Als is the BOSTON CLAM CHOWDER. Forget  the manhattan, go 4 the boston.  Even a bowl is too much b/c its very dense & filling. If you want desert, order the cup of soup and you've have enough room for tiramasu to share w/ a friend.  The ceasar salad is great, the cobb salad is ok, the salmon is good but beware what time you order it. If you get it for lunch odds are it will be from the previous day.*dry and tasteless, best to order for dinner. The halibut was mediocre, wouldnt order again. The jambalaya was gross, as was the other pasta/sausage dishes. The lobster pan roast was ok, but didnt finish half of it, had a weird consistency but was similar to a lobster bisque. Wouldnt order that again either. Please note, you have to allow 1.5 to 2 hrs to eat here b/c the service is always super snail slow...even for regular customers.
4	Late lunch 1/26/10Their clam chowder is out of this world!  I kid you not - the best clam chowder I've ever eaten. Hubby says it's only second best - 1st was his dad's homemade.  Quite a compliment!  However, the service was HORRIBLE.  Two servers with 3 tables of customers.  All the servers did was chat with each other.  Never once checked on us or any other table.  Two bowls of clam chower, 1 beer - $17.55 - no tip.Food - 5 starsService - 0 stars
5	This place was great. I didn't love being inside a Casino a little loud but good service and great food. The chowder is to die for and we had shrimp scamipi and the halibut both were very good. Good prices as well.
5	This place was good. I'm dumb for not ordering the clam chowder though. They make it right in front of you at the oyster bar. We sat at the table. I had the softshell crab poboy sandwich which was awesome! Good stuff!!! Check it out! And don't forget your 10% discount cpn from the hotel for 2 people.
5	I effin' love Big Al and his oysters! This place is a MUST for me to visit every time I'm in Vegas. A dozen oysters on the half shell, plus one Bloody Mary shooter and one Cajun Ole shooter. It's my 'thing' and no Vegas trip of mine is complete without it.
5	MM MM Good!! This is in the Orleans, so this was a convenient lunch choice. The clam chowder was the best I have ever had. Very velvety and full of potatoes, bacon, and clams. Also had a shrimp po boy. Very tasty as well. Prices reasonable, $32 for three @ lunch seemed about right to me.
1	Below average food.(Any buffet in town have better oyster)Below average service.(Clemente = Rude)Price too high for everything below average.We had a group of eight. The 18% tips were billed in the check. That's why we couldn't even get refill on the iced tea and no clean up of dirty dishes for the whole time we were there talking after we finished eating. Definitely won't go back.
5	Everything about this place was 5 stars.  Service was attentive, efficient, friendly, perfect!  Food was freakin amazing.  They had a 3-course special for less than $20.  The bread was hot and soft.  I think I ate a whole loaf by myself.  Salad was fresh.  Had the seafood pasta, which had scallops, prawns, crab legs, and mussels.  It was like a never-ending plate of seafood.  I couldn't believe it!  Then you got a choice of cheesecake of chocolate cake.  Opted for the choco cake, but to go of course. Never thought that my best meal (on this particular Vegas trip) would be at Big Al's at the Orleans....but damn, it was!
5	the shrimp scampi pasta is off the charts!!!! the oysters are delicious, very fresh!!!
4	For being in a Vegas Hotel, this place is wonderful. Gulf Oysters, usually best when used for frying, but they are back again after the oil spill and were as plump and succulent as ever.  Easy to put down 18 of those little buggers.  The panroasts are great, the steam pot made entrees are to die for and everything is extremely fresh.This is one place, along with Mon Ami Gabi, that I never miss when in Vegas.
2	The Boston  clam chowder was good. The combination pan roast is one I will never order again. It did not taste fresh, it was not flavorful at all . I rather go back to the oyster bar at Palace Station. Service though was good.
3	My friend brought me here for my birthday. She said the crab cakes were the best. The crowd came after we got there at 6pm on a Wednesday evening. Our drinks were accompanied with a bread basket and wrapped pats of butter.  I decided to try the Boston Clam Chowder ($6.99 bowl) since Yelpers were raving about it.  It's chunky, meaty, with little lumps of potato and dumplings. A bit on the salty side but very good, I give it a 4 star. The crab cakes ($11.99 dinner price) came with a salad, tasted like rasberry vingerette dressing drizzled on it. That was too tart for me.  The crab cakes were 2.5 stars. I'm used to seeing more lump crab meat, I thought there was too much breading in it.  The drizzled sauce was okay. Service was okay.  Drink refills were hard to come by. And the waiter forgot our "to go" boxes soon after he went to fetch them.It's worth another shot since Yelpers were right about the Clam Chowder. I'll try something else next time.
4	We came here for lent and I'm glad we did.  We started off with the crab cakes. 3 pieces about 1.5 oz each in a creole mustard sauce. The crab cakes were not lumpy with meat but they were not full of breading either. We also oredered the steamed clams a dinner entree as a appetizer, this dish was pretty boring .Clams steamed in wine  ,finished in butter.          For my entree I had the jambalaya fettucine. It was full of chix, shrimp , andoulie sausage and tasso ham , the dish had a nice heat to it.  The food comes out piping hot , to hot for me. It took awhile for the dish to cool down. I guess it's because they cook it right in front of you in little steam kettles. Prices were reasonable for being in a casino . Service was very good.
3	I've been here twice: the first time I really liked it, the second time, not so much. Unfortunately, I can't even remember what entree I ordered the first time! ?!?!We especially made the detour from the strip to The Orleans for Big Al's. I felt extremely out of place, everyone there was so old!! I think we were the only ones on the premises that were under 40 years old. It's an oyster bar, so of course you gotta order the raw OYSTERS and CLAMS on the half shell, correct? Correct. Very fresh! I like the clams a lot more than the oysters. CLAM CHOWDER is also a must get. It's definitely not the best I've had, but it's good. On the salty and thick side, but perfect with bread. And you'll scoop up at least a clam or two with every bite! That's a lot of clams! :)BEER BATTERED SOFT SHELL CRAB has that yucky metal taste to it. A little bit of that taste is of course acceptable with seafood, but not this. The strange little cup of fruit salsa it came with was also yuck.DO NOT order the CHICKEN PESTO PANINI. The chicken was dry, oh so dry! My bf told me not to eat it at all, but I had to - I HATE wasting food.
5	Big Al's Oyster Bar at the Orleans still has the BEST Boston Clam Chowder I've ever eaten served with great crusty bread & real butter.  This time great service!  5 stars
4	Ash Wednesday is the start of Lent, and today I start my attempt to eat more fish. So my husband and I headed to Big Al's for dinner. First time here and it's the basket ball tournament so this place is busy! We started with some yummy steamed clams and crab cakes as appetizers. The bowl of clams, I think are usually an entree, they were steamed in white wine and just a little bit of butter, not the best clams I've had. Now the crab cakes came with a creole mustard sauce, had some nice crab meat flavor, not a lot of filler,  just a hint of breading. I also tried a bowl of Clam Chowder, it was very creamy and full of clams! I then got a pan roast for my entree, I tried the combination. It was shrimp and crab served on rice pilaf. It was the creamy lobster tomato sauce that made the dish. I was stuffed and had no room to try a desert. This meal was very satisfying and I know I'll be back to try other items on the menu, Lent or not!
3	Disappointed...Tried it twice this trip. First time to try the Boston Clam Chowder and Pan Roast. Chowder was mediocre at best. Flavor was okay. It would be fantastic if this were Denny's or a buffet but I expect much more from a seafood place. The big downer for me is that at first bite you can tell it was thickened with flour. It didn't have the rich creaminess of good clam chowder. Although I did find bits of  clam in there it definitely wasn't a generous amount. *3 stars*This is the first time I had pan roast so you can take this comment for what it's worth. Flavorwise, it wasn't bad. The shrimp was excellent, big and flavorful. I'm not sure what else was in there, I saw small bits of crabmeat and fish but all the flavors meshed into one. I don't know if this is how it's supposed to be but I was disappointed because I was hoping to pick out the individual flavors of each element. *3 1/2 stars*Second visit I had a dozen oysters. Definitely did not like the experience on this one. I was surprised at how fast this order came out - didn't even see him shuck the oysters. Well, I wasn't paying attention so I must have missed it. Wrong, as I ate I realized this must have been from a previous order that wasn't served. The ice on the plate was probably 30% melted and a few of the oyster half shells were in water. To make matters worse the oyster had very little flavor.  *1 star*
4	I never thought of having raw cold oysters again..until I tried this place.  Tatse so fresh and awesome.
4	Some of the best clam chowder ever!
4	I was supposed to meet up this night  with a fellow Yelper to go somewhere else and she got sick so I stayed in the casino and decided to eat here.  I really liked the Boston clam chowder and the side salad was pretty good too.  For my entree I had the shrimp scampi over linguini.  It is pretty good too but with the clam chowder and salad it really needs to be shared by 2 people.  The service was good up until the point the server "forgot" to include the discount coupon I had, which he acknowledged up front, and I made him go back and re-do the ticket which then took forever.I would definitely go back for a light dinner of the soup and side salad.
5	Big Al's goes HARD. We loved the seafood nachos (I know your like, "Seafood and cheese? WTH?) TRUST ME, it's good. It's a great restaurant in an unlikely place in the casino. The service was good and I would return again so I can try their oysters.
4	had the pan roast which i thought was very good, no waiting, friendly service.
4	Been to Big Al's several times.  Always happy with the food.  Had one half dozen clams on the half shell, and a crab po-boy.  Both were good, as was the service.
3	Hit up Big Al's before the Wrangler's game...At 6pm... was quickly sat at the bar top.... which is nice because you get to see all the action in the kitchen.It's casual and friendly inside... not fancy and not pretentious.Pretty basic menu centered around Oysters, shrimp, crab and fish... with a southern / cajun flare.The husband ordered 1/2 dozen Oysters... he wasn't impressed... we've had some great ones in New Orleans which is our standard so... we may be a bit biased here.  (I only try them if he says they are good as I'm not usually a big fan.)He also got the Crab Cakes.... which were really good.  This is on the appetizer list... you get 3 medium sized about 2 1/2 to 3 inches in diameter each.  This is served with a small mixed green salad.  So, it makes a really nice meal if you don't want a full sized dinner.I ordered the Gumbo... it was 'ok'... again... I've had much better in NOLA.It was hearty and filling with 'ok' flavor... nothing spectacular here.  It was served steaming hot straight off the flame but paired with dry rice that was cold... so the heat from the Gumbo warmed up the rice.  I have mixed feelings about this dish.  The andouille sausage was a bit bland and I even added a bit of hot sauce to the dish thinking it would add some flare to the dish... it helped a bit.Will we go back?  Probably because the crab cakes were good and the salads I saw go out looked really good.  Plus, it's so easy to grab dinner here before going to the Wranglers game.
3	Not bad at all, I was satisfied when I left so what more can you ask for.  Okay, so I was on a super oyster craving that brought me to Big Al's.  They have reasonably priced oysters and wanted to give them a chance, even though they are considerably away from the strip.  I saw the menu and ordered a bowl of clam chowder.  Good stuff, would totally get it again, not too fishy, clams not too chewy.  A stuff.  Now for the good stuff.I ordered the russian roulette, which is any 5 oyster shooters and one extra chilled shot of stolichnaya vodka just for good measure.  These were my shooters:-Big Al's Belvedere shooter(belvedere and an oyster, simple)- 4 out of 5- didn't need much, the belvedere was nice going down, smooth.  good one to start with. -Kamikaze(vodka, lime and triple sec)-4 out of 5-good but not amazing.-Lemon drop(citrus vodka and lime juice)- 3 out of 50- similar to the Kamikaze but lacking somewhere.-Cajun ole(tequila, cocktail sauce and hot sauce)- 5 out of 5-delicious cocktail sauce and hot sauce went together perfect with the oyster, topped off with black pepper but the tequila was a bit of a change after 3 shots of vodka in. Nonetheless the best shooter in the bunch.  -Bayou Bloody Mary Shooter(Vodka, tomato juice and tabasco)- 4.5 out of 5- good stuff but would have put some more tabasco in next time. ** took down that last shot of Stoli and vacated the building** Left the Orleans buzzing it and feeling mighty frisky
4	Excellent reasonably priced restaurant inside the Orleans casino - worth the trip - entrees are HUGH so order accordingly
4	Ordered the Zombiefied and Blue water drinks here with a dozen oysters on the half shell and Gumbo. A dozen oysters on the half shell here came to about $17 - pretty unbeatable price! I really enjoyed slurping down large portions of raw oyster with plenty of lemon and horseradish. One thing that I noticed was that the oysters could use a bit more cleaning...The gumbo was filling and spicy, but not so spicy where we couldn't enjoy the meal. It was filled with yummy sausage and other goodness that helped balance out all the alcohol in our Zombiefied and Blue Water drinks. The Zombiefied tasted more like cough medicine to me but the Blue Water drink was easy to gulp down without tasting any alcohol. And you get to keep the glasses too ;) Coming back here again!
1	What they call a pan roast is like day old barf!! ABSOLUTELY AWFUL and SMELLY  NEVER AGAIN!  They need to go to The Nugget in Reno and learn how to make a real PAN ROAST!!! NEVER AGAIN!!!
4	Not as good as Palace Stations Oyster Bar, but still yummy. Service was friendly and attentive. Love the pan roasts.
3	For years as a tourist and local, I've looked at the oyster bars at Coast properties and thought, "I have to try that sometime."  Last night sometime arrived.I got the crab pan roast.  It was nicely done with crab claw meat, carrots, peas, and bell pepper in a thick sauce.  I was surprised by the amount of rice in the bowl over which the crab was placed.  I experienced one piece of shell, but that was minor.  The roast was tasty.  Service was quick--I sat at the bar next to another local with whom I chatted.  She eats there regularly and the time quickly passed and I was digging into my large bowl of goodness.  I ordered iced tea and I was brought a refill without asking.  I was expecting the roast to have some kind of kick, but then, that's why they have Cholula, Tapatio, and Tabasco along the bar.  Spice it up to your heart's content - or not!I enjoyed the dinner here and it was filling!
4	I go here pretty regularly since its located between work and home. It's hard to find bigger or better oysters in LV for the price. The chowders are pretty good and pan roasts are pretty average but not at all bad. I've always got excellent service here and value is very good for a oyster bar in a casino.
1	So disappointing.  The only thing that made the oysters and shrimp edible was the cocktail sauce.  Enough said.  While the staff was nice, there was not a bartender on at lunch and I got the worst Manhattan I have ever had.
3	This is the first time for me at Big Al's... Believe it or not, I've passed by many, many times and little did I know what I was missing! Opted to sit at the bar and have my lunch. They have really friendly service here and that makes a lot of difference! I ordered the combination pan roast which has crab and shrimp in it. They are very generous with the shrimp. The broth was really smooth, although I would have preferred it to be a bit thicker. It was very tasty and it is served with rice pilaf. They also give you a basket of bread with your meal. Warning: don't fill yourself up on the bread because the portions are good sized!
4	Good spot to eat at in The Orleans. I had the crab meat po boy sandwhich and the seafood chowder. Po boy was good stuff. And the chowder was even better. Seemed like everyone was ordering the jambalaya, po boy, or chowders. If you order anything that's going to come in a bowl, you better be ready to eat and have an appetite. Portions were huge. My friend ordered the jambalaya and after an hour of eating it looked like he didn't even touch it there was so much food.
2	This restaurant was ok. We ordered a sandwich, soup, and ceviche. The seafood quality seemed to be acceptable. Aside from Canal Street, this is probably your best option at the Orleans casino.I enjoyed staying at the Orleans, but the food is the worst feature. I recommend taking the shuttle to the strip and eating elsewhere.
5	Big Al's Oyster Bar is the place to be for fresh oysters, clams, pan roasts, pastas, seafood & clam chowder, poi boy sandwiches, crab cakes, and oyster shootersNow straight 2 business. We enjoyed their fresh oysters & clams along with the russian roulette that consisted of 5 beulvedere oyster shots and 1 russian vodka shot,  thirsty! The wifey n I shared a bowl of seafood chowder, which was very rich n delicious, just right but not overfilling.  At the bar we had  front row view of everything else they made, fresh pastas, to die for poi boy sandwhiches, fresh gumbo, etc. The chefs were friendly, great cooks as well as good servers. The prices are just right for fresh seafood. Overall experience was fun, fulfilling and we're ready for more. This is the place to come for great seafood n good times.
4	The oysters....the shrimp scampi!!!! Dolly the waitress is so nice, the type of person that makes you want to come back to an establishment. Management seemed to give her a hard time over her giving us some flatbread, and firsts things first, no one asked for it for free, charge me for it, it's all good. Then when I paid, they gave me the "thank you sir", will that be all sir?" line, come on man!!! Treat your people right, you've got great food, plentiful, and delicious and a waitress being super nice is a good thing, not a bad thing. Thanks for bringing in the Tapatio sauce, I for one had requested on all my prior visits and ended up eating here as opposed to the Oyster bar at the South Point hotel, which didn't have Tapatio.
5	That delicious seafood chowder brings me back again and again!  The bread's good, too.
5	Located in the Orleans, this place has great prices, good food and festive drinks. You can either sit at a table or at the bar and watch the chef make the gumbo, etouffee, and jambalaya in the steam pressure cookers. I recommend the soft shell crab po boy. If you find yourself off the LAs Vegas Strip stop in give this place a shot. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	I absolutely love this place. I make it point to stop by here every time I come to vegas. My meal of choice?? Why the seafood chowder of course! If you've never tried it I urge you to treat your tummy!  =)
4	By far!! Big Al's is the best restaurant inside The Orleans Hotel & Casino.  After walking around the Casino looking for something to eat without heading to the strip, we walked pass Al's.  The menu looked interesting and inviting.Our waitress was very helpful and friendly, giving us several great suggestions on the menu, which we used wisely.  I started with a cup of some of the best Boston Clam Chowder I've had outside the New England area.  It was smooth and creamy with lots of lovely calms.  The flavors were very delightful, light, but filling.Next I partook the Soft-shell Crab Po Boy, Fresh French bread with two large lightly beer-battered crabs, cleaned and prepared perfectly.  I was pleasantly surprised at how fresh and sweet the crab tasted. Beautiful red tomato slices and crisp lettuce and a zesty Creole mayo spread.Also ordered at the table was the Louisiana Crab Cakes with a Creole mustard sauce.  I had few of bites of these also. The cakes were fairly large and of good thickness.  There were lumps of sweet crabmeat, and not "krab".  The veggies were finely diced, as I prefer.  I hate biting into large chucks of veggies.  Great seasoning was used as well, spicy, but not too hot.I will definitely roll back over to Big Al's from The Strip the next time I'm in Vegas.  For the quality of the meal and the good prices, $12 for the Po Boy (2 large crabs) and another $12 for two good size crab cakes with real crab lump meat. I'll be a repeat customer.
5	Loved the Boston claim chowder and garlic steamed claims
4	Good beer and good seafood choices!  Much better than the casino's seafood buffet on Friday at French Market.  Try the crab cakes!  Good size oysters too!
2	I ate here before going to see Dennis Miller.  I enjoyed the chef action and the interesting cooking station but didn't enjoy the food so much.  The oysters were kinda meh and the oyster shooters were disgusting.  My clam linguine was excellent but there was way too much of it.  They mention this on the menu but I didn't believe them.I'd have to say that there aren't too many choices at Orleans but I'd go to Canal St. next time.
4	We went here on a Friday afternoon for a late lunch and was wanting some seafood.  The seafood chowder was wonderful and my friend got the gumbo.  It was served with fresh bread and local beer...we got the Calico Brown.  I would definitely return although we really enjoy the Oyster Bar at Palace Station for their pan roast.  The wait there though can be extremely long.  There wasn't a wait here yet good food.
4	This is a great oyster bar located in the Orleans. I've tried just about everything on their menu, and everything is good. You get a lot of bang for your buck. The soup bowls are big enough to share. As arethe entrees, in particular the pan roasts. Great for leftovers!I agree with other Yelpers, great clam chowder!The have decently priced beer on tap as well.
5	I visited in November had the seafood chowder, and 2 dozen oysters. This was absolutly the best meal I had my entire stay in Vegas. If you are looking for quality seafood this is surely the place to visit. The staff was very pleasant and knowledgeable about the menu. The prices were great, staff happy, food wonderful can not wait to come back.
4	We Eat There About Once A Month And Always Have The Clam Chowder, It Is Hard To Find The Manhattan Or "Red" But It's Always There Waiting For Me. We Have Danced Around The Menu A Bit But Always End Up With The Chowder So I Will Only Comment On That. Why Would We Keep Coming Back If It Wasn't Consistently Seafoodlicious. (YES THAT'S A WORD NOW !!)
4	Do you like seafood? Do you like seafood pasta? Do you like Do you have a big stomach that can fit a lot of this? If you answered yes to all these questions, well then take your butt over to Big Al's!Oysters are shucked fresh (if you're sitting at the bar) right in front of you and they are from the gulf so you get that creamy ocean taste rather than the salty taste of the ones from the Atlantic. If you love raw oysters, you've come to the right place!In one word the food is-- tasty. Portions, if you're dining alone, I don't suggest that you order a bowl of pasta unless you let them know that you'd like a half order because the portions could feed 2-3 people. My husband and I usually have 1 dozen of oysers to ourselves and then share our pasta and ALWAYS have leftovers to take home.There's a server that always helps us and is the sweetest person ever, I can't remember her name (I SUCK) but when I do, I'll be back to update this review, she's amazing.
5	Great staff, superb menu, and wonderfully prepared food. The place was always busy and now I know why. Definitely  worth a try. The jambalaya is killer.
2	The place was only half full, when seated the table was dirty.  Waitress took at least ten minutes to come to the table, she then took the drink and food order at same time.  Another waiter actually delivered the drink order.  We ordered the oysters on the half shell and garden salads, I like to slurp mine right out of the shell, but there was so much seaweed and other critters still attached to the outside of the shell there was no way.  salads showed up about five minutes after the oysters, the other waiter delivered water and bread after that.  The next time we saw a server was when they plunked the bill down on the table.
4	Excellent salads.  Great chowders and lousiana gumbo.  Good service.
2	Do not get the jambalaya with rice.  Yikes.  That was so bad.  The service wasn't that great.  The reviews weren't bad, so I gave it a shot, but it really was disappointing.  My friends ordered some other items, including the ceviche and none of them liked their meals either.  Maybe it was a bad night, but I will never go back there.
4	Seafood chowder was delicious... Lots of meat in it! Loved the steamed clams. Not crowded, will come again if in town :)
5	The food is so delicious and the seafood is so fresh.  I have been going there for almost 10 years.  The food has great flavors and they cook relatively fast.  You can't eat better seafood for the price, service, and time.
2	oysters were rubbery and skanky. tasted old. service was decent. was really hoping it would be good.
1	the crab cakes were bland, flavorless and just bleh...the seafood chowder wasnt great but it was edible but was by far the best thing i had there sadly...well thats not true- the bread was the best thing and the soda if that counts?the crab pan roast was absolutely terrible, not edible, disgusting... it looked and tasted like cat food with bad rice pilaf that contained peas..... ?the chicken scampi was passable.... inconsistent throughout the dish some pieces were really good others were down right disgusting.... over all, just bad, i had a comp and still feel i overpaid.
1	Sat there for 20 minutes and no one come and take order. Enough said!
3	Fresh oysters were creamy and not brine tasting- yum. Clam chowder was thick and hearty, crab cakes were tasty as well. Excellent service and well taken care of.
5	The wife and I decided to go to Big Al's after the movies at the Orleans. She had the Linguini with Calms and I had the Jambalaya. To our surprise, each meal came in a large bowl. Large enough to feed us both. Our server was very nice, and the place was very clean. Each of us enjoyed our choice of meal. We also had 1/2 dozen oysters, which was very fresh. Didn't have enough room for dessert, so we never had a chance to try out dessert menu.Biggest surprise, our server took our left overs. She packaged them, and when returned, all was in a bag. Now here's the kicker, I'm thinking "mess".... When we got home to put items in the fridge, she had wrapped each item with cling wrap so well that nothing was getting out of there!Overall, the food, the amount, the quality, the price, the staff helpfulness and cleanliness....EXCELLENT!
5	My favorite seafood and oyster bar in Las Vegas! I eat here everytime that I stay at the Orleans and the food and service has always been exceptional. My friends and I usually sit at the bar because we like socializing with the chefs and watch them make our food. We also LOVE THE OYSTER SHOOTERS! My favorite is the Lemon Drop. There is a spicy one that isn't that great, but the other shooters are pretty good. My favorite item on their menu other than the shooters is the seafood chowder. WOW! It is amazing. It is creamy and flavorful... tickles all my taste buds! My friends also liked the Jambalaya. The portions are large and we ended up taking a lot of it to go. Can't wait until next time I'm in Vegas to get my seafood fix and of course, the OYSTER SHOOTERS!
5	I love this place... the food is delicious and there is NEVER a wait to be seated.  I had the combo Pan Roast with added chicken, and sausage, although it was more of a soup/gumbo dish it was absolutely delicious.   The service is amazing too, everyone is so nice.
2	Did I come on a bad day or something because I definitely did not get the same experience as some of you yelpers. My parents really wanted to have dinner here because apparently it's sooo good. I personally would have been happy with TGIF's happy hour but whatevs. Got seated pretty fast so no complaints there. Ordered their Boston clam chowder and shrimp scampi. First off what's so great about the clam chowder?!? I've had better in a soup can! I'd rather have soup from Panera or even Progresso lol. The shrimp scampi was also another let down. It's not bland but its not good either. Sucky part is that I have leftovers..ick.
4	The Parmesan Crusted Orange Roughy was fantastic and the buckets of Fat Tire were a great deal!  (5 for $12)
5	This place is a must go to every time we stay at the Orleans.   It is a small, unobtrusive restaurant with counter service and maybe 15 tables or so.  My favorite...soft shell crab po-boy...as close as you can get to the taste of New Orleans (I am a former resident).  The crab is lightly breaded, a little tangy, and succulent on a fresh po-boy roll, and garnished with lettuce, tomato and a special remoulade tangy sauce.  Excellent everytime.  Also try the seafood chowder as an appetizer while you wait and enjoy the all you can eat fresh bread, or fresh (shucked before your eyes) oysters on the half shell.  The portions are ginormous as well.  Try the shrimp scampi, or the seafood sampler...we have never been disappointed.  The servers are friendly, and the food service is excellent.  Here is a tip, sign up for the players club card at the Orleans, gamble just a little and you will get offers galore to return with free rooms and a food credit...so you can return to Big Al's again and again and never pay full price for a meal again!
2	Though we have stayed several times at the Orleans this would be our first dining experience at Big Al's Oyster Bar.  After reviewing the menu, we each ordered the shrimp pan roast with rice pilaf.  We received a bread basket with a couple pats of butter and generic rolls.  Though the quantity of shrimp in our pan roasts was generous, the amount of rice, served in the same bowl as the roasted lobster and tomato cream based sauce, was excessive.  The sauce itself was a little too thick and seemed to tomato-lite with a muted flavor in comparison to other oyster bars in town.
5	I love coming to Big Al's Oyster bar for their delicious gumbo and jambalaya! The staff is always friendly and if you sit at the bar, you can watch the chefs make your food. If you're around Vegas and want to get away from the strip, this is the place to go!
2	Wasn't a big fan of this place.the crab legs are served cold the gumbo wasn't very good,had a hard time getting served finally just gave up.
5	Love love love oysters!!! Crab cakes, crab n shrimp pan roast was delicious!!! Great casual atmosphere on the casino floor of the Orleans hotel. Very nice staff..food all great! Will be back soon!
4	Order the $25 crab and suds special!  Well worth it the king crab legs are cracked when served and the soup is to die for!  I will try this delish spot again!
4	I really like the food here.  Came here on a whim one day after cashing my paycheck with a friend.We each had a bowl of the clam chowders, New England for him, Manhattan for me.  They were both delicious.  The side salad i had was good too, and I love the fresh bread they serve.I've also had the pan roast, which was tasty, but not as good as Tides. ;)  Highly recommended. ;)
5	I am from back East and know what good fresh seafood is. I was craving oysters and have shied away from eating seafood in  the desert. Note.. WE ARE IN THE FREAKING DESERT SO WHERE DOES THE SEAFOOD COME FROM??? lol..So I did some research online and found Big Al's. The oysters and the service was great. The guys checked on me frequently to see how my food was and one of the guys on the floor was like a ghost appearing out of nowhere providing me with stuff before I even asked for it. The prices are great as well.Oh I can't think of his name, but I did get a  very detailed explanation on how fresh seafood comes to the desert.  Thank you fellas!!
4	Seafood Pan Roast!
4	Wonderful linguini with clams! Perfectly cooked pasta with a buttload of juicy clams. I would definitely order again.
2	Just ok!No kids menu so unless your kids like seafood don't go.Food is somewhat flavorless Really wanted a good po boy
4	We ordered the ceviche, oysters on the half shell and combination pan. The ceviche was just okay. Half of the oysters were excellent and the other half was bland and watery. The combination pan was excellent! It was very flavorful and a good item to be shared as a supplement to your meal. We also ordered a basil infused lemonade that was very good. Overall I would rate the food 4 stars but it is on the pricier side for what you get. We had a $50 comp so the cost was not an issue.
5	If you are looking for a oyster bar this is the place. Great soup, oysters, and drinks at a good price .Sit at the bar and enjoy cold big fresh oysters. Great value for the money. staff was friendly , quick and knew the menu .
3	Prepare yourself to have the same flavor when you try the dishes..although it's a creative way to cook the food in a metal pot when you order the pan roast out taste just like the seafood chowder..we definitely enjoyed the food but it was one dimensional.they need to add more variety and then maybe it might be more successful it's also pretty pricey for what they give you
4	best clam chowder ever.I had the one that is mixed, half white and half red, whatever it's called.:)
3	The first oyster was great...but after 3-4 of them you get sick of the taste fast, and I usually love oysters.  Something about these big guys just makes you sick of it fast.  Crab legs and shrimp on the seafood sampler was good.  Ceviche was so-so.  Manhattan chowder was ok, a bit like Progresso canned ones; clams in it had some sand.  Chef did a good job shucking, nice and clean, just wished they tasted better.
5	The service was fabulous! The food was amazing! They have the best clam chowder I have ever tasted!
4	Been here twice.  Had the Shrimp Scampi first time and Clam Linguine the second.  Pretty good and I would have it again.
2	I've been here before but it was a long time ago, I remember it not being that great. With all that said I was right. With this visit we showed up to an empty restaurant and to my surprise it was happy hour so why not? Chose to sit at the bar as I was planning on a quick bite to eat and then escape the elderly restroom smelling casino that is known as The Orleans. Service was meh.. I guess there was enough coverage for the amount of patrons. The disgusting part is they seem to reuse things that hit the tables, I.E. The complementary bread and butter gets reused if no one eats it, along if the bread is picked at they will reuse the butter that was already in the hands of other guest.(Gross!)Oysters (4/10) didn't taste all to fresh and seem to be pre-plated but were edible.Soft shell crab po'boy (1/10) the freshest ingredient was the sliced tomato, the crab was greasy and VERY salty to the point where I couldn't even stomach it. I picked apart some of the crab and it was gray and mushy, seemed to be frozen and thawed in a microwave. I suggest you stay far far away from this. The only thing this place is good for is the drinks during happy hour, the food is gross and I would advise you to take your hard earned money somewhere else. Even TGI Fridays would have been a better choice.
5	My favorite place for oysters. The staff is super friendly, food is excellent. There is almost never a wait and that's the best part of it.I would give this place 6 stars only cause they serve the best oysters.Can't wait to go back.
4	Very delicious and very BIG portions! I always need a doggy bag and I hate to say it, but some dishes are even better the next day!  I love their jambalaya and their clams and linguine.  Sometimes not the fastest service, but they are always busy and always friendly!
4	We were going to see a concert at the Orleans Arena and stopped in for some drinks and munchies.  The place is pretty small, but we had a good table right at the front which was perfect to people watch the folks roaming the casino. Also, the kitchen is open and right behind the bar so you can see them cooking your food. We ordered a couple of beers to quench our thirst.  Neither of us were super hungry, so we got the Seafood appetizer to share.  They put this wonderful bread on the table that I filled up on. LOL! Then when the appetizer came, it was all cold dishes that consisted of 3 big shrimp, one king crab leg, two fresh oysters and ceviche in the middle. The ceviche had a strong onion taste, but had shrimp and scallops in it that were good. The oysters were super fresh and yummy.  The king crab leg was good, but I think it came off the prince, because it was a little small, and the shrimp were crisp and yummy.  I want to come back and try some more off the menu when we are a little more hungry. Definitely want more oysters too. Yum!
4	Ok, I came back to try something else like I said. This time I tried very hard not to fill up on the bread, but of course I still had to eat some.  We actually came before a concert again, but unlike last week, there was a line and a 30 minute wait.  We had already determined we could miss some of the first act if need be. I decided to try the Po boy for dinner, and chose the fried shrimp.  It came with a side of cole slaw that had apples and raisins on it, so it tasted more like fruit salad. The Po boy was pretty good, but I eyed a few more things on the menu I want to try next time.
1	Service was slow. Said they had one order of crab legs then they didn't. It's not even 5pm. The waiter never checked back with me on a drink order. My husbands jambalaya arrived before my salad. The manager did not try to correct dissatisfied customers. There were bay leaves in the clam chowder. The manger came back and said it was parsley. Really!!! We both know the difference.  Not likely to come back. We are locals and attend events at the arena several times a year.
3	I still prefer Orlean's oyser bar's pan roast. This is just "A-OK" as yelp marks the 3 stars.
2	Happy hour Baker's dozen was good sized oysters but no mignonette sauce. Our server Teddy was great but everyone else seemed rude to me. The bartender didn't keep up with drinks well. Hubby wanted a last beer before happy hour was over but no one was around. Not the best experience.
4	Ate dinner here on Sunday night and I have to say I'm a fan of this place. The night before I had stopped in and had a drink and dessert with friends (Chocolate Ganashe Cheesecake was VERY rich and the Zombified is probably my favorite drink at The Orleans) and thought I'd give it a try on Sunday. I ordered the Gumbo while my boyfriend had the Jambalaya Pasta; I tried his pasta and felt a little regret for not getting that since it was one of the most interesting and best tasting dishes I'd had for dinner during the trip. Jambalaya pasta and the Gumbo are both pretty spicy but delicious and filling! The best part about the Gumbo: they keep true to the holy trinity and do it right. Huge bowls and the price isn't too bad either, a near $40 for two dinners and a drink we shared. I would definitely go here again.
4	This no frills joint has been on my list for years. I keep it simple every time. Jambalaya or Gumbo over rice extra crackers. When I am jonesing for the New Orleans flavor this is my spot. It gives The Oyster Bar at Palace Station a run for their money. It could use a little swagger, but I don't go there to party.
2	Damn, I was really hoping this place would be better. I was imagining it to be another oyster bar like at Palace Station, but sadly this place falls short. The service is slooooow and not at all worth the wait. The oysters were fine, they were fresh, but they were also too large (sign of a low quality oyster). The steam pot was terrible, clearly just some frozen dish they reheat and serve. Imagine microwaved shellfish and rice-a-roni. My bloody mary wasn't strong or spicy enough for my taste and there was no offer to customize. Second star awarded because of the decent bread and reasonable prices.
1	I was there yesterday and ordered the Boston Clam Chowder and Crab Pan Roast. Overall,  great service and delicious clam chowder but wasn't amazed by the Crab Pan Roast. Right after we got out my boyfriend said he had to use the restroom & right after my stomach started to hurt.  We planned to watch a movie right after and we had an hour to kill so I tried to use the restroom but I couldn't.  It was hurting really bad by the time the movie started.  During the movie I had to leave twice to throw up. I completely missed the good parts - so I was told.  I'll never eat there again.  I'm pretty sure I had food poisoning.  :(
2	I used to love this restaurant, so when asked where we should eat before a concert, this was my only choice.  Sadly, we hadn't been here sometime so I didn't know how the food had changed.  This was the one place I could always depend on for "sand free" linguine and clams was this restaurant.  So of course I had to have it. First clam in shell had crunchy sand, as was every clam eaten after.  I ended up leaving clams uneaten.  Same issue with the sauce. Not only sand but clams were much smaller than in the past. Husband had the combination pan roast and there were so many red & green bell peppers that any flavor was overshadowed by the taste of peppers. Oh, and the crab seemed to be a little off to boot.  Sadly, we just can't think of going back again.
3	I usually eat at Big Al's one time for every stay at The Orleans. It's offerings and preparation aren't anything to write home about, but they stay within their limitations and turn out decent seafood/cajun dishes. Perhaps I've become jaded towards casino fare. I was shocked when my Father-in-law finished his gumbo and declared that it was the best seafood dish he had EVER had at a restaurant.I won't go that far, but you won't be surprised with Big Al's. It's exactly what you expect and sometimes that's all you can ask for.
4	I used to stop in regularly when Orleans first opened, and then I lost the habit.  Ate here last trip and was reminded how much I enjoy it, so I returned on my recent trip.  Lots of good options, but I opt for a bowl of clam chowder.  Skip the bread bowl.  The bread they serve you is excellent -- you want that.  Another big plus: they have Tenaya Creek on tap.
2	I had the linguine and clams.  The clams were fine but the linguine was WAY overcooked.  I needed the spoon not to twirl the pasta but so i could keep some of it from falling apart.  Then there was the mystery fish added.  They weren't clams, not sure what they were.
4	I came here this summer and to be quite honest, I read the reviews and knew exactly what to expect. Because of this I wasn't at all disappointed. When you walk into the restaurant, it's fairly laid back and it's open in the front so you can look out over the casino floor. That being said, a restaurant like this, with this type of layout, in this particular casino, will never, let me repeat in case you read that wrong, NEVER be a 5 star gourmet experience. If you are coming to this place looking for that, you will be horrendously disappointed, and if you do so after reading this review, then it's ya own damn fault. ;)What you CAN expect from this place is exactly what it sounds like. First off, it's called Big Al's. Not Alfredo's or Fredrico's or anything of the fancy sort; it's called Big friggin' Al's. Which means, (you guessed it!) casual.  Casual atmosphere, casual noise level, casual service, and is geared toward casual patrons. Secondly, it is an Oyster Bar, so what, you may ask, did I find myself enjoying soooo much that I gave this place 4 stars? OYSTERS PEOPLE!!! OYSTERRRRRSSSSSSAAAAH! Their oysters are affordable, plump, fresh, and just overall awesome. And I've had some nasty slimy oysters in my short time, believe you me! The other thing I tried was one of the bloody maryish oyster shooters and an actual bloody Mary. Make sure if you order a mixed drink to stir it up; they put the ingredients in so it looks nice (for a casual place) but you have to stir it up to blend everything. As far as the other food, (my best friend got the Alfredo), def sub par but not at all what I came for. 4 stars because the oysters for which it's named were just what I wanted, exactly what I came for, and enourmously affordable. But not 5 because it is a restaurant and it wouldn't kill them for the other food to be better, but again, not what I came for so counting very little toward the weight of this review. So if you don't like oysters, I don't recommend this place, but again, if that's the case, don't go to an Oyster Bar lol. ;)
5	Big Al's special is Boston chowder, 1 pound of crab claws and a beer. Amazing food cooked at the bar in front of you. Great service, great food.
