4	I have a friend who is obsessed with this place.  Cheap brew, lots of pool/pong tables, and a nice outdoor seating area. Lots of regulars, and everyone is really kind. Great place to watch a game, there are plenty of areas to congregate, and it is rarely crowded. The food is good for bar food, also. I got the socal chicken sandwich and it was tasty.
2	Doc & Eddy's is the crappy high school party for the non-high school crowd. It's uncomfortable and a little depressing, but if you repeat the ritual often enough it becomes a tolerable way to spend the evening. You just have to bring your own friends and take advantage of the cheap beer, because it's better with a buzz.Don't believe me? Let's think back to the dusty basement/garage/rec room that you and all your buddies used to hang out in during high school. If you had friends with money there were ping pong tables, air hockey, pool tables or video games. Of if your friends were more like mine, a TV with rabbit ears. (Doc & Eddy's is the kid with all the cool shit you never had, even though you volunteered to use the pool table as a bed in between games to save space.)Invariably the furniture had been cast off by surrounding rooms, relegating it to its current purgatory where collapsed cushions, cracked upholstery and wobbly tables may have mingled with bar stools and high tables, the occasional uncomfortable folding chair thrown in for the asshole that shows up unexpectedly and doesn't have anywhere to sit. Incandescent lights shone down on your little domestic beer swilling group and the walls were barren of adornment because you were too cheap to go buy some crap posters to put up over the yellowing wall paper, and mom didn't like nail holes in her dry wall. (Kinda crappy 70s seating. Nicely played, Doc.)But you're pretty much the big shit because your parents are out of town, so you invite all your friends over and hope that some cool older kids come too. But that doesn't happen. (Cuz Eddy's at the bar acting like a skeeze.)The creepy old dude that still likes hanging out with high school kids is staring down your cleavage chuckling with his douchewad buddies and declaring with aplomb, "Nice boobs!" The jocks are all playing beer pong or clustered around a TV yelling defensive plays at the screen, convinced that the more animated they get the more cred they'll earn with their meat head buddies. A gaggle of girls will descend upon the party later in the evening since they spent an hour getting their hair just right. They'll be wearing makeup that they applied more like spackle and dress in skin tight clothing that advertises every curve, muffin top and camel toe. Someone will puke in the bathroom. Some other folks will get all surly and square off or shoot each other bitch eyes for the rest of the night. And you'll end up with something broken, adding to the overall depressing air of the dilapidated rec room.But you'll do it all again next weekend.That is Doc & Eddy's.
3	Yeah, it's got a lot of the obnoxious ASU crowd. But so does every other bar in Tempe, and at least there's not half-naked 18-year-olds dancing on tables here. When I come here with friends I avoid big game nights and usually hunker down at one of the tables in the sunken area near the front door - I find that usually shelters us from general bar idiocy, which is nice. They have pool, air hockey, and.... ping pong (which is TOTALLY irritating to pool players, I'm sure... but I don't really care).I agree that the womens' bathroom is terrible (maybe they should put some AA info in the stalls for the girls who end up puking their guts out in there at 10 o'clock on a Wednesday night...) but I also agree that the food is surprisingly good, I had a pretty bitchin chicken philly here.
5	I like this place a lot! I have lived in Arizona for a year and this is my most frequented bar/restaurant. They have cheap beer, and cheap, good food!This is a great place to watch any sporting event. They also show UFC fights. Although you do have to pay a $5 door charge, which I have gotten over paying and make sure I go to the ATM on my way. I am a firm believer in their wings. I love wings and am very picky about them. The wings are big, tasty, and cheap! They come with a good amount of carrots and celery too if that is your thing. My favorite flavors are the hot and the bourbon BBQ. The only other flavor I have had is the mild. While it was good, it was too tangy for me. I need more kick. The BBQ wings are delicious and messy. So be prepared! The service can at times be slow, but the place is sort of spread out so I let it slide. I watched the last Lakes vs. Celtics game there and ordered the bourbon BBQ wings (dozen) and a couple beers. The wings were all drummers, which if you get wings a lot you know that this rarely happens! If you are into game Doc's has pool tables, ping pong, bar video games( silver strike, golden tee, some others). I am very happy I found this place! It is a gem in my opinion. For me, it sets the bar for wings here in the valley! Check it out!
3	Doc & Eddys is a sports bar.  I am a vegetarian.  I am already skewed toward the negative here.We went to Doc & Eddy's on a weeknight for a friend's birthday.  The place was pretty much empty except for the career drinkers, a few of the left over ASU crowd (it was summertime), and a few scantily-clad women (overlap with the ASU crowd?)My husband and I, clearly over 21, were carded on our way in.  Not a problem for either of us, but we were the only people they carded the whole time we were there.  How do I know this?  The "bouncer" sat at the bar for the rest of the night.  Did we give our information to some random person?  Weird.The service was pretty good, if maybe a little too comprehensive.  The waitress actually came over to tell us when she was going to take a smoke break.  TMI, really.  We wouldn't have even noticed she was gone.The food was good... my requisite grilled cheese was quality.  It had parmesan on the outside of the bread, grilled on.  This is a nice change and a good touch.  Doc & Eddy's has lots of pool tables and other fun things too.So... when you are in the neighborhood, and don't have high expectations, D & E's might be just what you are looking for... or you could just go across the street to Whole Foods, pick up a pretty good bottle of wine, some awesome cheese, and crusty bread, and call it good.
1	used to be a decent place to go play pool, watch the big game and enjoy a few beverages... has fallen hard recently- food is bad, service is worse. no thanks
3	In order to be a waitress at Doc & Eddys you need to have experience working with a magician because unless this place is really crowded, your waitress will disappear on you.This place does a nice job accommodating people on NFL Sundays and the service is good considering the packed house. Go there for a baseball game or a hoops game and it's a different story. Go get a table in the back near the pool tables and air hockey table and you may need binoculars to even spot a waitress. Once I considered going outside to the dumpster to put my order in because I know that's where they take their smoke breaks. D&E has decent food and a very good burger combo, but the place does toy with the menu a lot. The fries you liked last month may be different the next month and the wrap you had last month may be off the menu weeks later. It's easy to get a pool table and harder to find a good seat during NFL Sunday.Also, for a sports bar this place only respects football. It has the MLB package too, but at nighttime the place would rather have music blasting than have volume on for a game other than football. Go during lunch time to get better service or on a weekend morning to catch baseball games starting at 10:00 PST. That's also a good time to get a "last night story" from your hung over waitress.
2	Went there for a NBA Playoff Game (Suns vs. Spurs) about a year ago.  It was crowded and there were many drunk dirty boys trying to score - ewwe!  It has the potential to be a nice little-hole-in-the-wall place, but as it stands currently-not so much.  Would not recommend this place.
4	Doc and Eddys is a great dive/pool hall.  Haven't really tried the food but I heard the wings are great!  The Bartenders are awesome - Tip really well.  It has a slew of video games like big buck hunter, golden tee live etc, also has a ping pong table and a bunch of pool tables.  It can get pretty busy on the weekends, with a whole variety of different types of people.  A ton of TV's great to watch sports at!  If you go on a week night you can usually get seats in front of the big tv.  Its a good place to go if you just want to have a chill night.  Prices are fair.
3	One of the better pool halls around, full bar, lots of pool tables, medium sized outside patio with heating lamps in the winter, and Guinness on tap.
2	I had dinner there lastnight with my girlfreind and her parents and watched the fiesta bowl. TV"s where really loud, to the point where we almost had to yell to hear eachother. I started with a cesar salad which was more like a house salad with cesar dressing, cesar salads should not have any onions in them. I ordered the lime chicken something or other, to be honest the taste wasn't bad if i looked past the chicken that tasted like a deck of cards, it was really dry. I was even disapointed with the tea that i could never get to taste right. Everyone else at my table enjoyed there food and the wings looked very good but after trying that chicken I won't be ordering anything but wings and beer.
4	This place is great for dinner out with the fam or a night out with friends.  I love the food...except for maybe the chicken.  Anytime I order the chicken it's always dry.  But their classic club wrap and side salad are really good!  The price for a pitcher of beer is hard to pass up!  If you do come here late at night be prepared to be standing out on the patio..but inside is never crowded.
2	greasy and loud.  cheap'ish food, but you get what you pay for vs. other, better places around the area.  excellent, friendly service though.  i guess the outside patio was the quiet retreat spot... better vibe out there also.
4	If you are a fan of good dive bars, look no further.  Doc and Eddy's is more than just a dive bar and pool hall.  It is full of atmosphere and diversity.  I was first introduced to Doc and Eddy's in Cedar Rapids, Iowa and was instantly a fan.  So, when I moved out to Phoenix, I was happy to see one.  It is the sterotypical pool hall, from look to smell, and sometimes that is exactly the type of place I am in the mood for.  And their food has just the right amount of grease.  To go along with the pool tables, there are a variety of video games and TVs.  Not to mention this is a great place to people watch.  It has a mix of Snotsdale, The Hills Have Eyes, Students and Middle aged people.  Fridays and Saturdays get pretty busy.
5	Doc and Edwards has been a place of refuge for 5 years for me.  Hell, most of my friends spent their 21st birthday there.  It is hard to explain walking into a bar and just feeling at home.  It is so comfortable and wide open.  Even on the most crowded days, I feel like I am on the cast of cheers.  The employees there are good and the food is exactly what you expect.  You can also order silvermine there with no delivery charge!  The pool table rates have gone up in the last few years but if you spend a good amount of money on drinks, they waive the pool table fee. Or you could go for some ping pong, foosball, UFC, or big buck hunting.  It has a great juke box but watch out for the lady that throws 20 in and slangs the worst playlist I have ever heard. If my girl would only let me, I would have my wedding there.
3	I've got to say that this place is totally mediocre-ville.  It's okay in every since of the word.  Nothing stands out, it's usually a sausage fest when I go there (yuck) and if you're a tool, you take center stage here.  My friends have told me a lot of good things about this place, but honestly, I just don't see why.  I do like the patio, but that's about it.  I actually like the patio at my house better.  I am one for ordering layered beers, and as a former bartender, it irritates me when a bartender can't do it.  It's your job!  At least try to be good at it!  Well the black velvet I ordered here seemed to really piss off the bartender because he had to go look for his layering spoon and OMG layer the beer.  He was a dousche.  He told me that I had to order at least two of them because the pear cider they used came in a bottle.  Little did he know that I had planned on ordering like 6 but not with the attitude he just gave me!  Lackluster at its finest folks!
4	I started going here since the place was in walking distance from my house. I've since moved about 5 miles away but still go to Doc's quite a bit. Tim, Geo, Kat always take good care of me and the crowd is cool. It's not like I'm going to meet Ms. Right here but my friends hang out here and there's always a good crowd for UFC.
5	Doc and Eddy's has a great atmosphere, where you can hang out with people from all walks of life.  Scottsdale snobs need not apply!  You can show up in a jeans and t-shirt and fit right in.  An evening can be spent watching UFC, playing pool and air hockey, chatting with the regulars, or chilling on the patio.  There's a little something for everyone, and you can be yourself.  The food is good and reasonably priced, and the same can be said of the drinks.  You won't find your eyes bulging out of your head when you see the bill at the end of the night, so you can just relax and order "one more" without being totally stressed about how much it's costing you!  Recently the bar and the bathrooms have been revamped, so Doc's is now seeming less like a dive bar, though the atmosphere still  isn't high maintenance.  You won't be pestered by gold-diggers or popped-collar douche bags trying to get into your pants...  just way cool people looking to make friends.  I highly recommend.
5	My home away from home (too bad i can see it from my home and decide i need a vacation a bit too often). When it comes to a dive bar or UFC watching location this is my spot. I may come here a bit often considering one of the serves knows me, my group of friends, our regular drinks, our preferred seating for UFC and is willing to trade friendly insults back and forth. The selection of beer has everything i need: Blue Moon and Kiltlifter on tap. The bar also has jager and redbull. At this point I don't need much additional info but you might so they do have the full compliment of other tap beer and some bottles that you would expect and is needed for a good night.The feature pool tables, mini hoops, hunting video games, a jukebox and I think they still have the ping pong. For UFC good viewing seats are limited but i have found no reason not to show up 2-3 hours early start eating and drinking and avoid cover while getting the best seat in the house but that is me.As for food they aren't the best bar food in town(see: baseline sportsbar) but they aren't going to make you regret ordering something with the expectation this is still a bar. I happen to like the sliders, guacamole, and chicken tenders. Price is reasonable with different specials everyday but overall not bad.It's 5 o'clock somewhere so head on over and grab a drink
3	Doc and Eddy's is okay. Nothing special, nothing great. Might be a decent place to meet with a larger group of people for some bar food and drinks. The place is huge. You won't feel cramped going here.Towards the back, there are many pool tables and various games to play. There are more tables toward the front to eat. You can't go far without a TV in sight.I had the SoCal Chicken Sandwich on a recent visit. The sandwich was okay, a bit dry. I did like the seasoning on my fries though. I think the food is decent for a bar. I was actually full from the food when I left. That doesn't happen often. Service was okay. The service was just enough to keep you satisfied, but not great that you felt you needed to tip extremely well. My previous experience the service was well below average. My draft beer was pretty flat with no foam. I'm glad it wasn't half foam, but maybe a bit? For a place that serves draft beer, this is BAD!I can see myself going here from time to time, but mainly because it would be a few minute walk.
3	I guess I can't reiterate this enough, Doc and Eddy's is OK.  I don't think it's as bad as Cat C. makes it out to be, but not nearly as great as Jared R. reviewed it - just OK.  Cheap beers, pitch black if you walk in from daytime.  Grabbing a few pitchers won't set you back by much money, and there's tons of space if you have a larger group of friends.  What separates Doc and Eddy's?  Table tennis!  What a rare find.  There are precious few bars that stray outside of the billiards mentality and D & E's is one of them.  Go by the current average of D & E's reviews and see just how...average it is.
3	There were ample pool tables which was nice but the sitting tables were seriously garbage. The seating was horrible and I felt like I was gonna fall every second. Also they were unnecessarily close to eachother. The prices were alright for bar food. Nothing too special on pitchers of beer. The food was SO good. Like, I was really surprised. Usually bar food is only tolerable. (even at some of my favorite sports bars)  But everything we ordered was extraordinary. It was restaurant quality and worth the price.As for the atmosphere, it'll keep me from going here again. Absolutely FULL to the brim with college pukes. If you don't know what a college puke is, I suggest you walk around Mill Ave from 6pm-11pm. You'll soon find out. Not my thing, but some people might love it. (college pukes)
5	This is my favorite bar of all time. So, so much to say so I'll try and break it down into a few categories:1. Price - Prices here are fantastic. There are random specials throughout the week, but almost everything is at a good price. Plus, they don't make drinks here like other places that pour a shot into a shot glass first to make sure you're not getting more than you paid for. You'll be pleasantly surprised. Bottles, pitchers, mixed drinks, etc are all pretty well priced. 2. Pool - there are probably 7-10 pool tables and are taken care of pretty well. I was more of a pingpong guy but that is no longer existent in Docs :( There are also a few video games that can be fun here and there. 3. TV's - There are TV's everywhere(inside and outside). They have all the sports packages so you can see any game you want. The only time they won't put a specific game on for you is if it's something crazy like Sunday during the NFL season when there are hundreds of people there. 4. Food - Pretty good bar food actually. I believe they won an award for best Sports Bar Food in Tempe in '08. I didn't have anything that left me unsatisfied. I think the kitchen closes at ten. 5. Layout - The bar is pretty fucking big which makes getting around quite comfortable even on busy nights. The outside patio area can get packed a bit but you can always go out front(without your drink) or go with the flow and enjoy yourself with the 3 tv's outside. 6. Staff - I love these people. I showed up to that bar the day after I turned 21. I left AZ at 24 and almost all of these guys I consider friends and hang out with them occasionally outside of Docs. BE NICE TO THE BARTENDERS AND WAITRESSES. There are always drunken shitheads that make everyone annoyed and the staff(believe it or not) are sober and therefore have much less patience than we do as consumers. If you treat the staff right, they will treat you right and the bar will most likely become your second home. Oh, and Beasly and Austin are HUGE Ohio State Buckeye fans. Mention that to them.7. Atmosphere - Docs is the perfect place to go with a group of friends to simply get drunk and have some conversation. The Jukebox there is one of those online touch screen machines and you definitely won't see groups of people dancing with their shirts undone. There is always something to do there.Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights are the most busy, but randomly the other days of week will have a good turn out too. The ratio guys to girls is pretty even on the busy nights too which is nice. I met quite a few girls at that bar. Then there are the event days - UFC fights are always a good turnout and are replayed later after 12 I think, NFL Sunday and MNF are crazy as hell and I advise to get there early or sleep with Austin to get a good spot, college football Saturday daytime is hit or miss but they will put on whatever game you want and I know they open up early for the Ohio State fans. Conclusion - If you want to go out and get some drinks but don't want to have bad techno and auto-tune songs blasting you for 4 hours and overpaying or light drinks all after paying a 5 dollar cover and waiting in line... give Docs a try. Pool, arcade basketball, video games, quality drinks at good prices, very fast and knowledgeable staff, TV's everywhere, good crowds, the occasional appearance from Dane M., a wide range of good music, and the cutest bar tenders in town(Beasly, Tim, Austin - I'm talkin about you guys). I miss Docs and wish I lived next door to them again.
4	Best friggin wings ever. Ask for them GRILLED after frying!
4	I love Doc's.  Admittedly, the major appeal is that it is walking distance from my house.  That said, the drinks are cheap, and there's always enough people in there that it has a nice atmosphere.Great venue for UFC fights.  Five bucks to get in, and usually plenty of places to sit.Lots of pool tables, shuffle board, great patio.Great dive bar if you're looking for a place to relax and drink for cheap.Call me I'll walk over and meet you.
4	Great local dive bar. The food is great, the drinks are cheap, the atmosphere is great. It doesn't get much better than this place.
3	Overall i think i could give this place different stars for different categories, starting with 1 star for the smell in there, you might think that a building as big as this place will have good ventilation....but it doesnt, i think it smells like an old persons house, i would give it a 3 for the atmosphere, its cool to go see a sporting event there or go there for trivia night which is lots of fun, and i would give its food 5 stars, in particular their hamburgers, for their price they just cant be beat, theyre just delicious and the seasoned fries are always tasty, fresh and crispy. This place is close to my place which makes it aperfect watering whole!
3	What can I say... I've been here enough times that I greet Cliff and Norm by name whenever I stop in anymore. Doc and Eddy's is what a neighborhood bar should be, complete with lots of parlor games: pool, darts, ping pong, shuffleboard, air hockey, basketball, golden tee, and I think there may even be a foosball table. And it's a good thing they keep the lights low, not only for all the TVs, but I'm sure the place has needed a renovation for at least the last ten years.The one thing I could certainly do without is the evening bartender who won't let go of the fact that I'm a UA fan. Seriously, he gives me crap in a not quite joking enough manner for my comfort level. If I knew him better, it would be one thing, but I seriously made my friend pay with his AssU credit card last time, just so I wouldn't have to check my drinks for loogies. This is sad, given the fact that I've watched many UA games with fellow Wildcats in this bar, and I know the guy to be pretty decent when he doesn't recognize me as the UA fan he likes to harass.Also, please note that the food has been less than good on the last couple of visits (stale bread, incorrect order, long wait, etc.). I recommend sticking with drinks here.
2	it gets two stars instead of one because the burgers were actually decent. other than that, it's your usual douche-y sports bar and the bar staff has the worst attitude+ can't pour a decent draft beer. i could understand the guinness i ordered but a fat tire shouldn't have that much foam EVER. i actually prefer bogey's over this place..
3	I wouldn't mind having this place as a corner bar. It has your typical bar games that drunks love such as small arcade games and lots of pool tables. Drinks are decent priced. Parking is decent. Food was decent. Smoking was out in a patio area...kinda small but effective for the smokers.I wouldn't mind coming back, our waitress was a total sweetheart. :)
4	I thoroughly enjoyed this place. We went on a Saturday night so it was bustling with young people. They have every fun bar game you could imagine: pool, darts, shuffle board, air hockey, karaoke, and more. They also have Shocktop on tap which is a win-win for me. Get a couple drinks in you and you are bound to have a blast here. I know I did.
4	awesome place to grab a drink and shoot some pool. huge dining area with a lot of tables and seating. about a dozen pool tables, couple full sized and few smaller ones. some arcade games and darts. patio area is cute with tables and chairs. gets pretty packed thurs-sat nights.
5	I come for the twice cooked BBQ bourbon jalapeno wings. They are soooo good! You gotta get them extra burnt on the grill, YUM. Free pool on Sundays, which is awesome. They do trivia on Thursdays, which is great if you have a large group of people.
4	I've gone here three times and each time with a different group. I have never ate here so I'm reviewing on games and booze.First off, I think every time I've walked in the door I was greeted with two things - a bouncer checking IDs and a nice strong whiff of beer. Hello, if you didn't already know it... you're in a bar.The place is kind of broken in to 3 parts - a bar, a restaurant, and a game room (billiards, ping-pong, darts, video games, air hockey, shuffleboard, etc.). I've played them all and I've enjoyed all the games. This is a pretty good place to just mess around with friends and BS and quite honestly this kind of reminds me of bars in Ohio where I'm from, albeit a bit more upscale since there is more. There is a lot of pool tables, so I would say that if you did have to wait, you wouldn't have to wait long. There is at least 4 tables.I don't remember my bill total, but generally I get here and just play games or only have one drink. So I can't really even comment on the pricing.
3	Id give it a five but ive been once to play darts... it was good but no one asked if we wanted drinks or food or anything.
3	Good looking menu.Tasty sandwiches!Great weekly specials.Nice set up for night time festivities. DEAD during the day, weird.Freezing inside, not sure if ti was a good ting or bad thing.Delish fries!Nice patio!Cold drinks!
4	I came here on behalf on Fireball Whiskey to promote the product, but ended up staying and hanging out with a friend afterwards.The bartenders were super nice. I got a blue moon and some chicken tenders. They were both pretty good. I remember the prices being pretty good. There was a lot of different type of people here, but it had a good vibe. Everyone was having fun, and there were no creepers, or anything. Really down to earth. I felt like I could just sit, eat, and have some low key fun. It's a pretty big place. There's a bar, tables for eating/drinking, and lots of pool tables/games like darts, video games, etc.  I'm moving really close to this place next month, so I can see my husband and I coming here a lot so get a couple beers and grab some grub!
4	Great little dive bar.  Food is pretty good.  Definely get the wings grilled, very yummy.
4	I was not a fan of the dark atmosphere but the our server was very nice and helpful and she frequented our table; just enough but not too much. I really loved the hot wings grilled! I had never had them that way and they were wonderful! I definitely recommend this spot for Happy Hour!
5	Good place -- always familiar faces. Gets a little hectic for Football and UFC events, but otherwise is always a good time. The bartenders are cool people and always quick with joke. Good prices, strong drinks, great staff.
4	This is a nice neighborhood spot that you can go to for many things.  If you're hungry, stop by for reasonably priced bar fare.  The food is pretty good and the portions are definitely fillings.If you want to hang with some friends and drink the night away, you can also do that too!And finally, if you want to play some bar games, this place has tons and they are all in good condition.My favorite, combine all three.  Rent a pool table, order some food and drinks and you're good for hours!  This place has been here forever and is a staple in the Tempe neighborhood.
2	Total dive-bar that reminds me of Pacific Beach.  This is a bar that clearly focuses only on regulars.  Do not be surprised if belligerantly drunk people fall into you, as they did to me at 3pm on a Sunday (not football season).
3	I can't say anything about the food since I've never been here when the kitchen's open. But their drink selections are good and they have cider on tap, which is pretty much the easiest way for a bar to win me over besides the quality of their mixed drinks. Really, my only problem is that they close up the patio before they shut down inside so it's a pain in the ass if you've been outside the entire night.
4	It's a nice hideaway.  I've been there once with hubby and I felt very comfortable.  It's a good place for friends to hangout which he does regularly with his buds.  And their honey BBQ chicken wings are amazingly delicious!  He brings them home every time he goes.
4	This little hidden gem is a great place for lunch, after work, or late night.  Today we came for lunch and I ordered the Fish and Chips, and an Iced Tea.  Service was quick, food came out quick, and was  nice and hot.The fish was a very light and flakey cod seasoned just right.  The tarter sauce had a nice little tang to it.  The chips "fries" were your typical shoe string variety.Have two complaints, one is that the chairs at the bar are tables are a little uncomportable for us larger folks, and two, would like the lighting to be a little brighter.  I know it's a bar, but this is lunch time, not after work bar time.
4	Enjoyed this out-of-the-way place on a Sunday evening.  Lots of TVs for watching your favorite games.  Friendly environment with good beer prices and good wings.  I had their hot wings, which weren't the hottest in the world but had good flavor.  I also had the Philly cheese steak - which was awesome, but a bit messy, so be ready for that.  Service was friendly and accommodating.
4	Love coming here! Great and cheap drinks, the bar and wait staff are always nice and helpful even when they're completely swamped. It's got a homey vibe. It's just a "comfortable" bar, that happens to also serve yummy and generously portioned food. You can tell it's an older bar by the dated and dark chairs and tables, but it works!
4	Food is pretty good and cheap. Lots of beer deals. Shady crowd, but lots of TVs and games to play.
4	Stopped in here for a UFC ppv and had a great time! They were even raffling off a sweet beach cruiser bike.
2	Definitely not one of the best happy hours I've had unfortunately... =/My co workers wanted to come here for happy hour since it's right down the street from our office. I never even knew it was here since  the location is not great at all. It is not close to the main intersection but close to the back street instead. When you first walk in, it's sooooo dark in there! I almost felt like I needed to turn on the flashlight on my phone to see. lol. I think the happy hour drink specials were not that bad. $2.50 for wells and wine and certain beers. I got the Pinot Grigio wine. Obviously this place isn't a wine bar so it wasn't that great. We ordered some appetizers as well. The nachos were a fail. =/ It was that type of cheese that wasn't necessarily melted on there but just straight up dry and stuck together on the chips. The wings were ok as well. My co workers ordered the spicy ones. I'm a total wuss and can't handle spicy at all but these were actually not even spicy. I guess this was an ok place to hang out. I like that they also have pool tables and air hockey to keep you occupied I guess while you're waiting for your food. Because our service was extremely slow. I probably won't be coming back unless the co workers wanted to or for some $2.50 drinks. =P
4	Since moving to the neigborhood I've become an irregular at D&E. There are two distinct crowds here, the day drinkers & diners who are mostly older people and the younger night crowd. It's quiet during the afternoon but the music gets cranked up at night. This is a good place to catch a football game on Sunday.The staff is great and there's never been a service issue during my many visits. The beer selection is good. They rotate craft brews. I like most everything I've tried on the menu. The wings are excellent and come in a variety of sauces. I prefer the honey hot and the jalepeno BBQ. Their sliders are also very good. It's a sports bar, you get what you expect if you have reasonable expectations.
4	Nice crowd, not too crowded.  The outdoor mist system is really nice.  4 long tables, 3 short tables, air hockey, and shuffle board.  Big place.  Definitely college crowd.  Food is standard bar food.The only thing that sucked was the bartender couldn't pour a Guinness right. . .other than that, everything was spot on.
4	I love this bar because it is big and never overly crowded. There is plenty to do, from darts to pool to the occasional karaoke. The bartenders have always been nice and attentive (there is a bald guy that is usually there who is incredibly friendly). I've only ever tried the wings as far as their food goes and it has been hit or miss. The last time I went they were fried to a crisp but I think that may have been because the kitchen was close to closing. Other than that, I have nothing but good things to say.
4	Great layout.  It almost seemed like their bar had different venues.  Great food & selection of beers too.I was amazed how awesome the service was.  We went on a really busy night.
5	I just discovered this place last week, and since it's right down the street from my new office it might get dangerous.  Came in just for a couple drinks and sat at the bar.  The bartender was friendly and fast, and the drinks were strong and reasonable.  The bar has a lot of space and a lot of pool tables and tvs.  Good place for an after work happy hour I think (for those looking for a divey and/or sports bar).
3	Nice hole-in-the wall style sports bar, although bigger than most hole-in-the wall type places. Good beer selection. I did not eat there.
3	Obviously a college Bar, but the place is pretty big with a huge number of pool tables, but they probably could have used a few more servers on a busy Friday night. Bar got jammed, so I moved to a table, but no service. They do have a great selection of craft beer and I had a pretty reasonable $4 glass of oatmeal stout. Looks promising if I was 20 years younger, but gotta visit every bar in town at least once.
4	Love to go for happy hour on Thursdays! $2 bottled domestic beer, it seriously doesn't get better than that. I read one of the reviews posted a bit ago about it being dark when you first walk in. it is, but don't let that fool you, it's the tinting on the window by the front door to keep the sun from shining in your face. In AZ, you need that. They have lots of TV's and will play what you ask if it's ok w/ others watching the same TV. they have Buzztime trivia. Food is great, I've not been disappointed yet. My all time favorite food is their Grilled Cheese, it can't be beat. If you feel adventurous, try their 4 alarm burger, but don't say I didn't warn you. It's fun to watch to co-workers eat them. Oh, and their wings are great too, they will grill them after they fry them for you at no extra charge, adds a nice flavor.
4	I've never physically been here. But we order lunch from here at work. It's always A LOT of food at ok prices for what you're getting. Not the healthiest choice, but it's amazingly delicious! I will probably find myself heading in there with friends and family soon.
4	A cut above the usual sports/neighborhood bar.  Doc and Eddy's has great bar food and good drink specials.My wife and I have been semi-regulars here since moving nearby a couple of years ago.  The food and service are always good, and we've rarely been disappointed with either.A hidden asset to this place is the daily lunch special.  The burgers here are really good and half price on Mondays make them even better.  As a Buffalo wing addict, my first move when discovering a new place is to try the wings.  No disappointment here, and a huge plus is that Doc and Eddy's offers the grilled variety for those of us who prefer them to the deep fried kind.  Really good, and at a dozen for $7.95 ($6.95 during happy hour), you can't beat these.One down side is the smoking patio, which has its share of "barfly" type older women and men at times.  Of course, this is an unpredictable phenomenon, but they seem to appear as the night wears on.  The reviews calling this a "college bar" are off base, in my opinion; it's a pretty long way to ASU from here, and while there are a good number of college aged patrons here on any given night, there are more than a few of us older types, which leads me to call it more of a neighborhood bar than a college place.All in all, good food and drinks at a reasonable price.  The servers are uniformly friendly and efficient, indicative of a well-run establishment.  Highly recommended.
5	Good food, great beer selection at good prices, nice TV set up, and all pro service from Melissa.  I came for the first three but I will be back because of the last one.
5	This is one if my favorite places to come, they have a great happy hour, even when it's not happy hour the drinks are very reasonable. The staff is friendly. This is a great place to gather with your friends to hangout and catch a few games on one of their many tvs. If a game isn't on you want to watch they're more than willing to put it on a tv for you unlike many other places.
4	This is like any other sports bar type place, but I like it better than others because they have AIR HOCKEY! and also they seem to switch up their beer menu and last time I went they had a cider on tap that I had never tried and I really liked it.they do karaoke on Saturday night in the front seating section and trivia on Wednesdays.  I do have to say their trivia isn't great bc it seems to start really late. so go here if you want to drink, play pool, play air hockey, and hang out.
4	Great place! It's a typical run-of-the-mill dive bar. I only ordered a Four Peaks, but I love the atmosphere. I came here on a Saturday night, and it wasn't packed like a Mill Ave bar. Plus they have air hockey and the pool tables are free. I came here with a group of 6, and I could actually hear them - not noisy at all!I would recommend this place to anyone who likes laid back bars with fun things to do. My only complaint is parking is a little cramped and the building is difficult to find at night.
2	Talk about horrible service!  It is pretty bad when I can't find my waiter to pay the bill.  I even went to the bar and asked if I could pay my bill because we needed to get going and had finished our food over a hour ago, the bar tender told me it wasn't his problem... well thanks.  The food is not very good, the beer is warm, and the service was horrible,  The only good thing about this place was the pool tables and darts.
4	Great place to watch football, they have tons of tv's everywhere! They have a great deal for domestic pitchers $6.75! There food and service is really good too. However, it is hard to get good cell phone service in there, so that's a little disappointing.
5	I always like coming to this bar.  They have great food and really nice staff! They show UFC fights and got to watch the World Cup games when it was going on. The patio is nice,  has misting system with fans! Great spot
4	Big place! Lots of tvs with any game/event you desire. Food is good, standard pub food with great quality and taste. A little dark and dank and staff is ehh but we never left disappointed.
3	If I could give this place 3.5 stars, I would.  The good: It has a lot of screens for watching sports, a surprisingly good layout, a diverse selection of bar games, a nice smoking patio with heaters,  a good amount of beers on tap and the prices aren't bad.The bad: many games are run down or broken, the place feels empty unless there are a lot of people there because it is so big, the service is hit or miss. The jukebox costs $1 per song. LAME. King of a sausage fest but it is a sports bar...Anyway, it was better than average. Slightly.  I will probably be back.
