5	This is one of the best restaurants in town for an informal - but high quality meal. I prefer dinner to lunch though.
4	My husband and I, along with two other couples, decided to celebrate the end of the semester tonight by going out.  After *much* debate, we ended up at The Bread Company.  As a former music major, this was one of my usual haunts, but the rest of them hadn' t been there quite as frequently.  (Lunch, by the way, is excellent; they have excellent sandwiches and salads).The specialty, of course, is the fondue, which is magnifique.  My only gripe is that portion sizes tend to vary widely from time to time, as does the selection of vegetables that comes with your meal.  The combination of cheeses, though, is great, and the bread and potatoes are wonderful.Tonight, though, I had one of their specials, which was good, but was actually my *third* choice of menu items.  They were out of the fettucine with salmon AND out of the chicken pizza.  Now, I don't pretend to understand the inner workings of the restaurant business, but it really irritates me when they run out of something.  To me, that just smacks of poor planning.  Do they not have a kitchen?  Can they not make more?  If not, then can they not provide accurate estimates of how much of each food item to make, so they won't run out?  I don't know, but it just seems like when you go someplace, you should be able to look at the menu with confidence.Anyway, the beef fondue I had was very good, and one of my dinner companions adored her trout.  She said it was the most moist fish she had eaten in quite some time, and she is a fish lover.  Her husband, a reasonably picky eater, devoured his pancetta pizza with no complaints, as did another friend with his salmon.  I thought the portion sizes of some of the meals were pretty small, especially given the price.  Still, it's good food, and worth the money, especially when you consider it's not that expensive.  Service was pretty good, although a little slow, particularly since they weren't that busy tonight.  My guess is she just had a hard day.We love the Bread Company and will continue to visit, but probably just for the fondue.  We know they'll have it, and we know it's good.  Thanks for a fun evening!
3	The Bread Company is a restaurant with many different faces. By day they have a varieties of soups and sandwiches, as well as baked goods. Sandwiches are on luscious slices of thick bread and the soups come with crunchy salads. I especially like the grilled sandwiches, which are laced with creamy butter and lightly browned meat. Portions are quite large and one sandwich could probably be shared easily among two adults. Sometimes I forget this and end up making two meals out of one sandwich.During lunch hours this place is quite crowded, but by late afternoon it becomes serene. Soft green light floods in from the skylight and during the winter you can sit the fire with a baguette and a glass of wine.  As regards to the review that mentioned rudeness about adding protein to things, I've heard that happen many times during lunch and now they let you have your meat, but charge a lot for it. They have this bizarre policy because they "don't want people making their own sandwiches with the bread that comes with the entree." Nice one. At night it becomes more formal, with candlelight, fondue, and more upscale entrees. The balsamic potatoes that come with the entrees are perfect. I like the fondue, but it's a little too much for me...even the small pot can be shared by two. Last time I was there I tried the tapas and the yellowfin tuna and the lamb were delicious, but I was less than enthusiastic about the duck mousse, which had a bland sickly sweet flavor. The greens that came with the tapas were also pretty inexcusable. When I go to a good restaurant I expect more than just some shredded romaine, especially when field greens are still in season. The new small desserts are also not so great. The chocolate mousse was good, but the bread pudding was just some bread soaked in eggs and sugar.
5	Fondue dinner at the Bread Company is probably the top restaurant experience I miss from Urbana, IL (caveat: this review is a bit out of date). At the time you could get a very decent swiss cheese fondue with good bread, some roasted garlic for an appetizer, and two glasses of house red for just over $30--a princely sum for a starving college student, but compared with the trendy $100 fondue restaurants in the SF Bay Area, a steal. The dinnertime atmosphere was also great: quiet, romantic, dimly but warmly lit.They also had fantastic checkerboard shortbread cookies. I've been hard pressed to find better anywhere else.Lunch sandwiches and other baked goods were both decent, but the five stars are for the fondue date memories.
5	This is probably the best restaurant in Urbana. First of all, they bake their own bread and fresh pastries are available for breakfast everyday. My favorite is the cheese (gruyere) croissant because it is so flaky. It literally melts in my mouth. My coworker called it high class junk food but I call this good stuff. Sometimes, when I felt lazy to go to lunch, I would just buy a loaf of bread and eat that with a cup of coffee. The zufte or zoft, which is a Swiss specialty bread is amazing. It is fresh and out of the oven by 11am during school days. I have not seen other places in the area that sell zufte but the bread is really worth trying. Oh, if you have cravings for day old bread, they sell them at half price.They also have a wonderful selection for dinner. Daily specials change quite often but they have their regular dinner menu. I usually go with the daily special. This place also has fondue, both cheese and chocolate. I had both and I have to say that they are pretty stingy with their cheese and chocolate. I had barely enough to cover the fruit or bread. Do expect $12-$17 for entrees and about $10 for fondue. By the way, they sell cheeses too in the day.They have pretty good service but the people do not seem to smile a lot during the day, especially the owner. They should be happy because of the wonderful smell of fresh bread. The decor is a little European and has a fireplace at the corner which makes the place extra cozy in the evening. Anyhows, this place is highly recommended. I am sure you'll love it.
4	Excellent food, nice atmosphere.  They seem to have upped their menu in the last year, which is fine although makes for a higher bill at the end.  I'm usually happy to bring the kids along... the place has a very euro-bistro feeling.A minor gripe, however, is that the last few times we've gone the service has been less than stellar.  It seems they like to hire hip girls who aren't so interested in helping a family have a nice meal.
5	This is a real gem.  Probably the most consistently good food in CU.  Lunch brings nice grilled or deli-type sandwiches, and there are veg options.  Dinner is much more interesting with pastas, nice fish and meat entree specials, and wonderful thin crust pizzas, baked in hot ovens.  Desserts are also very good.  I am less into fondue (exceot for chocolate dessert fondue), but this is the place to go for that.  The ambiance is eclectic and European.  Families will feel welcome.  Service can be a little ragged, sometimes a student group of 15 or large party will materialize, and that can have a rather deleterious effect on service when there are only 2 servers on the floor, which is often the case at night.  Even so, I have never had a meal here that was less than very good, and many that were excellent.
5	The Bread Company is one of my favorite restaurants, and is one of the things I miss most about U of I.  I ate here frequently as a student and as an alumna I make sure to stop in every time I return to campus.  The atmosphere of the restaurant makes me feel like I'm taken away from the stress of every day life.  They have a fireplace in the corner and white lights strung up to make it feel romantic, but it is modernized with the art that they have on the walls.  My husband and I usually share an order of cheese fondue and a gourmet pizza.  The Bread Company offers a nice selection of wine and beer, including wine by the carafe.  I can't forget to mention their selection of fresh baked cookies.  The sables and chocolate macaroons are delicious.  Great atmosphere, delicious food, and reasonable prices - I love this place!
5	Wow. I wouldn't be surprised if this became one of my favorite lunch spots on campus. I went today and really liked it. I got one of their grilled sandwiches: turkey pesto, and it came with gruyere cheese and grilled red onions... delicious. It's not extremely cheap: I paid around $7.50 (but the cold sandwiches go for $5.50 or so), so there definitely are cheaper options to eat around there, but the food is good so it's worth it in my opinion. On top of that, I like the place and the atmosphere. They also sell bread (as you might guess!), and have wine by the glass. I can't wait to check it out for dinner.
5	The Bread Company is one of the best restaurants in C-U!  If you think that the reason why they are selling out of different entrees at dinner is because of poor planning, it is obvious that you have never worked in the restaurant industry.  Dishes sell out at the Bread Company because they are popular...duh!  There is no way to predict what will sell what night, and if you are upset that dishes are out of stock, you should be showing up earlier to insure that they still have their full night's supply.  As for the service being poor, it's true: the servers are mostly college kids that could give two shakes about their job, but the food is so incredible, it just doesn't matter to me.  The head chef, Daniel is honest to God a pure genius when it comes to creating new dishes and I never order off of anything but the specials menu.  Trust me when I say trust Dan with your dinner.  If he has a hand in creating it it's bound to be amazing.
2	An OK , but not great, place to grab a sandwich for lunch.  Not surprisingly, they do have really good bread.  Horrible destination for dinner.The lines are long and the sandwiches are pretty decent at lunch time, and it's certainly worth a try if you've never been here before.I've been in twice for dinner and was very disappointed both times.  The first time I was here, the place was dead and there were maybe 2 other tables seated.  The other time was for Valentine's Day (stupid, I know), and the place was packed and seriously overbooked since they apparently had given reservations to everyone who called and asked for them.Both times, the service was very slow and the staff was *extremely* rude, to include elbowing and pushing customers during the crowded V-Day fiasco, which I found inexcusable.  The quality of the food was poor, the servings small, and the prices high.  There were definitely some interesting looking recipes on the menu, but the quality of the ingredients was very substandard so nothing tasted very good at all.  Produce is not fresh and all the fruits and vegetables I had on both occasions were over or under ripe and clearly prepackaged.  The first time I was in there, about 3 different entrees were ordered before we picked something they weren't out of.I only went back the second time for V-Day because I wanted to try out the chocolate fondue.  In addition to being waaaaaaaay overbooked, they were understaffed and had a limited V-Day menu that was basically just 6 or so items from the regular menu with the already high prices about doubled.  Portions were so unbelievably small that even after spending $75+ on dinner, we had to go to LaBamba's afterward because my husband was still really hungry.  Seriously, he was served a piece of lamb that was roughly the size of a sliver dollar and probably could've been eaten in one bite with a little effort.  Total time in restaurant was in the 3 hour range due to the poor service and inability to seat in accordance with reservations.  The chocolate fondue was served in a beat up saucepan that had something crusted all over the outside of it.  Chocolate itself was actually pretty good, but the amount of stuff they gave us to dip in it was staggeringly small and the vast majority of it consisted of bananas and apples that were overripe to the point they couldn't be eaten. Although it was fondue for two, there was only one piece each of the more high quality dipping items (cookie, strawberry, etc.)I will certianly not be back for dinner and probably not for lunch either since there are a variety of other lunch places in town that are just as good or better that are easier to get to, Paradiso in particular.
4	If it's raining, and you're on campus, Bread Co. is the best place ever o eat a pretentious sandwich while watching the precipitation assault the pavement from the safety of your cozy table.The sandwiches are top-notch, and filling.  I've had the turkey pesto, and the portobello.  Both are delicious.  Double frosted brownies make you hate your lack of will power, but are suitably delicious as well.  Service is a bit aloof, but reliable.  Like all other elitist jerks out there, look for me savoring my expensive sandwich while reading a pretentious theorist.  I've got street cred to maintain.
4	Bread Co. is pretentious but yummy.  I have enjoyed every single thing I've ever eaten there - the sandwiches are basically just dressed-up comfort food.  (The portobello sandwich and fancy grilled cheese sandwich are to die for.)  I also recommend the pizza - if you like semi-exotic toppings (this ain't no Domino's) and crispy thin crust, you'll be in heaven.My only complaint is the service.  When I was there (granted, this was a couple years ago, things might have changed), the waitresses all seemed to have attended the same "How to Snobbily Ignore Your Customers (Hipster Edition!)" class, so it's probably best to order your sandwich to go.
3	I had (and still have) high hopes for the bread company. I loooooooooove bakeries. Love. Bread = happy. I lived in Germany for a while, so european style bakeries are even more happy.The first time I came to TBC, it was around 11am on a Tuesday and I wanted a quiet place to study. I wanted to get a small zupfe roll because they were fresh out of the oven and a cup of coffee, but that didn't cost $5 and I didn't have any cash (there is a $5 card minimum). I wound up getting an americano, a whole zupfe loaf, and a cookie. The zupfe was delicious. Hot from the oven, braided, yeasty, and slightly sweet. I pulled it apart and ate 1/3 of it right there. The cookie was pretty greasy. The americano was fine.The second time I came it was after a big exam and I wanted a glass of wine. At 11:30am. TBC was happy to oblige. My two friends ordered the portabella sandwich, which I had a bite of and I have to say it was delicious! Marinated chopped portabella mushrooms, melted cheese, some kind of sweet fruit spread. I wish I'd ordered it! I had a glass of riesling (which was fairly expensive for the quality) and a bowl of chicken noodle soup. I was hoping for a nice homemade soup with fat noodles and pieces of chicken, but what I got was a crock of bright yellow soup that I know came from a Mrs. Grass box. I will continue to come and try more of TBC's offerings, but definitely not the soups...
4	Everyone says the Bread Company sucks, but I don't agree.  The food is great, it's just their prices that suck.  I paid $9 for lunch there the other day.  I'd much rather have a $5 potbelly sandwich.  Dinner is good here, but overpriced IMO.
4	Very good sandwiches and soups.  I'm a big fan of the dinner entrees/fondue as well, but they are somewhat overpriced.  Love the decor as well.
4	If all of the profs on campus hide out in a certain place, you know it has to be good.  I always hear mixed reviews about this place from my friends, but I'm going to go ahead and give it a 4.  This is my new favorite lunch place on campus (for when you have time).  The sandwiches may be $1-2 more but are killer compared to other on-campus options.  The grilled sandwiches may be a little buttery on the crust for some, but it's perfect for me.  Last time that I went I got the grilled turkey sandwich which comes with caramelized onions and cheese.Dinner options include fondue and pretty good pizza.  They also have some good bottles of wine on the list, I've ordered a bottle twice and been happy with what I got.  You might have to talk to one of the chefs if you want wine opinions since our server didn't seem to know much.Really good atmosphere and decor, it's casual/fancy enough for pretty much anything, and it's right next to Krannert if you need an after-show dinner.
5	I love this place.  I've gone to U of I for four years now and regularly frequent this place.  The sandwiches are always made fresh with great ingredients.  I highly recommend it.  As for dinner, it's a little overpriced, but the bakery/lunch menu is the best you can find in the city.
3	I popped in here once for lunch last summer, on the recommendation of my nutrition professor.  Our chat on carbs and training for races and triathlons led to "you HAVE to go to the Bread Company!" Though this overly subtle carb stop doesn't have a sign (anymore?) on its exterior, it can be identified by the variety of wine bottles lining the window sills.  There's a variety of sandwiches for the lunch hour, but I hit the Bread Company tonight, and my, do they swank it up for dinner.Dim lights, plentiful menu of pasta-pizza-sandwich options, and extensive specials list, including tapas.  Who knew?  I had the roast beef sandwich, served atop roasted potatoes and a light salad.  I think all of the sammies are served up open faced, so open your mouth, and get ready for a carbolicious meal.
3	I don't understand why the lunch and dinner here are so different.  Is there a different owner for each meal?  Lunch is self-service, no-frills sandwiches and soups.  In a word: plain.  Dinner is table service and can be good.  But they emphasize a gimmicky fondue service and the main dishes can be hit-and-miss.  The pizzas are solid.  Meat can be over or undercooked.  Order seafood... watch out!Why is it called the "Bread Company"?  They do appear to make their own bread, but it isn't that good.  Seems misleading.  Kind of like their "specials" list.  (It doesn't change.)
4	Come here regularly for lunch but never knew it was such a nice place for dinner!  The original plan had been Timpone's, but apparently despite their website and store sign saying they open at 5 PM they somehow decided they wouldn't open till 5:30, and since I was too hungry to wait around for 30 minutes (the excruciatingly loud construction out front did not help either) I "settled" for Bread Company.  They're usually a soup and sandwich place during lunch, but for dinner they completely switch up their menu: filet mignon, duck breast, tapas, and fondue???  On CAMPUS??  The food was absolutely delicious if slightly pricey ($15-20 for an modestly portioned entree), but if paying $20-some will get me amazing bread, salad, ahi tuna steak, bread pudding, and a mint iced tea, all without leaving campus, well then I'm sold =P
5	I LOVE this place. My boyfriend and I used to go there on dates when we went to school there, and we'd order the cheese fondue and a bottle of wine. It's a great date place, and the ambiance is better than many places in the Champaign-Urbana area. Plus, the prices are very reasonable! I'll be going back whenever we're down there!
1	Something has got to be done about the abominable service at The Bread Company.. It's such a shame because their food is not bad, but the service is so badly below standard, I decided I am simply never coming back here.There is one particular worker with tattoos on his arm who is very insolent towards customers, raising his voice at them for asking questions.For months, I've ordered a grilled sandwich to pick up for lunch time, and the result is totally random. If the owner (tall bald guy) is there when you call, chances are you'll get a good sandwich with the potatoes and salad on the side, but if he's not there, watch out: there's no telling what you'll get. Sometimes they include potatoes and salad with the sandwich, sometimes they don't. Sometimes they slice the sandwich, sometimes they don't. Sometimes the sandwich is available since the grill is on, and other times it's not even available since they turn off the grill in the middle of the day to save money randomly.Today for example, I went to pick up my grilled sandwich to-go, and was surprised to see that on this occasion there were no potatoes and salad included, even though two weeks ago I ordered around the same time and they were included. So I asked the short-haired lady in front of me behind the register, "are there potatoes and salad?" (pointing at the sandwich) and she stared directly at my eyes without answering! So I repeated the question and she stood there completely quiet, staring at me without answering, when the tattooed arm punk butted in our conversation, cocked his head at me and yelled, "didn't we go over this already?!" Don't bother coming here. Unless the owner fires some of the incompetent and insolent flunkies buzzing behind the counter soon, this place needs to go out of business ASAP.
4	I find it very interesting how all over the board the reviews on here are.  I like this place quite a bit, given that I'm a complete penny pincher.  I don't like shilling out $8 for a sandwich/salad combo, but every once in a while, it is worth it.  My favorite is a lunch combo with the tuna salad on wheat and the strawberry salad.  In my book, they loose a star because of the price, messing up my order (1 occasion in 6) and a not so good lunch I had there once. I will back up the people who are confused about the alter-ego syndrome, which this restaurant suffers.  During the day it's kind of food-from-Panera-Bread meets Espresso-Royal-Cafe-atmosphere.  Sandwhiches, soups, salads, etc.  At night it's kind of Cafe-Luna-wannabe meets Cafe-Paradiso-esque.  They serve fondues, pizzas, tapas and other entrees that one would expect from a higher end cafe/restaurant/tapas bar.  I've been here probably about 8 times, maybe 3 of them being for dinner, and after having only eaten lunch there before I was confused out of my mind the first time I went there for dinner.  Things I've eaten here are usually quite good.  The goat cheese and roasted veggie pizza does, in fact, have carrots.  This totally freaked me out at first, but it was actually pretty good and pizzas were half priced, so I was really satisfied on that occasion.  Their goat cheese balls with strawberries, bread and honey is freaking AWESOME!  Next time I go for dinner, I think I'll just get an order of those as my main course (if you're a light eater, you could probably get away with just eating that as your entire meal.)  I've also had their cheese fondue, which was excellent.  At lunch, I'm pretty regular and eat the combo I mentioned above.  The one time my order got messed up was an easy enough mistake, there was blue cheese when I asked not to have it.  The one time I was disappointed in my meal, I think maybe I ordered a type of bread I'm not used to, maybe a baguette, and it was just super hard/crusty/chewy.  Also, if there is one thing you get, get the Zupfe loaf.  Some other reviewers mentioned this loaf and the lovely, buttery deliciousness of this bread.  Well, it's true!  I (again, being a cheap-o) don't like paying $3 for a loaf of bread, but if I compare it to that $1.80-something loaf from Meijer's, I easily get $8 of enjoyment out of this bread.  The first time I got a loaf of this was after a friend of ours told us we could get bread there, which I had had no knowledge of (even though, looking back, it's quite obvious.)  By the time I had walked the 10 min from the Bread Company to the corner of Green and Wright I had accidentally eaten half of the entire loaf...oops :)  If you get there around noon-ish, it'll probably still be warm - yum!It's sad to hear about everyone else's negative experiences.  It seems like maybe I've been lucky at this seemingly hit and miss restaurant.  I wonder how many times the people who hated it ate there.  Sometimes, you just hit a bad night at a usually great place.
2	Our family dined here after my sister's graduation. It was nice of them to move our reservation up on such short notice but after eating here, I understood why this wasn't a problem.If you're called "The Bread Company" you probably shouldn't serve burnt bread. The crust of our Italian bread was burnt. Though the bread was good otherwise, leaving a charred taste in your patrons' mouths is not the best way to start a meal.When my sister made the reservation they did not inform her that there wouldn't be a full menu that day. So though we looked at the menu online beforehand, we were only able to order from their limited graduation-day menu.There were seven of us and we ordered vegetarian dishes. Three of us had the grilled portobello sandwich with raspberry aioli and brie ($10), which was served with a side of salad greens and roasted potatoes. The presentation and portion-size were perfect. The mushrooms were fresh and juicy and the raspberry aioli went well with the brie. Those who ordered this plate seemed satsified.The other four of us split two pizzas: the roasted garlic with san marzano tomato sauce and Parmesan ($12), and the pesto with portabella, artichoke hearts and brie ($15). The reason we split them? Our waitress said they were 10 inch pizzas. They were actually smaller, about 6-7 inches in diameter. Now I usually love a cracker-thin crust, but ours was burnt in places. The roasted garlic pizza was at best a decent cheese pizza and the pesto with portabella and artichoke hearts did not benefit from the addition of brie; though it added texture, the brie did little to compliment the flavors of the other ingredients on the pizza. Overall the ingredients seemed fresh, but I've had much better thin crust pizza for less money, and more of it too. Though the restaurant seemed full, the same people were dining the whole time we were there. Only one party arrived while we were dining. It's a small place and there only seemed to be a server or two but seeing as it wasn't really busy, you'd think service would be more attentive. Our waitress was not. She was pleasant. She refilled our waters once and brought another basket of (still burnt) bread upon request. We were not asked if we wanted drinks or dessert. And we waited for our check for about twenty minutes. Turns out she went on lunch and took our check with her. We didn't gyp her on the tip at all--seeing as it's a college-town and they were probably short-staffed on graduation weekend, and we weren't running late for anything--but we certainly won't be dining here again. Side note: they do not accept Discover.Taking everything into consideration, I'd give this place a C+. I'm sure there are better white-cloth restaurants in Champaign-Urbana and you'd be better off eating there.
3	It had been a couple years since I last went to The Bread Company, and since today was a beautiful day to sit outside and eat a sandwich, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a go.  I got a half portobello sandwich, half strawberry salad - a delightful combination, and everything tasted fresh.  (I'm gonna have to figure out how to make that sandwich on my own!)  My boyfriend's salmon burger was pretty good, but served on bread and not a bun, which was kind of odd.  I also had the English Orange iced tea, which was refreshing and a little sweet without being cloying.Our waitress had a major stick up her ass, though, which is why I'm downgrading them a star.  Bread Co., why must you hire rude people?  More often than not, the people working here are gruff and disdainful of the customers.  I get it, you're too cool to smile.  I'm not asking for a hug at the end of the meal, all I'm looking for is service without a scowl.
5	Another time I may have given this restaurant 4 stars, because in the past we haven't had the best service. However, my husband and I went here last night for our anniversary, and everything was perfect. Even though we have had some issues with the service in the past, my family (pre-husband) has been coming here for as long as I can remember, probably over 10 years. The food is so good, there is really nothing the servers could do to keep us from coming back. My favorite meal in the world is the cheese fondue (sometimes with the tomato puree), one of the yummy pizzas (preferably with brie), followed by their chocolate fondue. (I think I have strayed from that formula once, I can't remember what I ordered)I didn't think it was possible, but last night, all three of those items were better than ever. We had the cheese fondue with the tomato puree this time, as well as the pesto, portobello mushrooms, artichoke hearts and brie pizza - it was amazing.The chocolate fondue came with more fruits than I remember in the past, red and green apples, pears, strawberries and some yummy little cake pieces. The best meal I had all year.The service was excellent.
2	Three star food with two star prices - not to be confused with the two dollar sign symbols on yelp :p So yes, I mean it's extremely overpricedDecent for an "special occasion" and students tend to be impressed with this place just because it's actually a nice sit-down restaurant and not on Green Street, but it needs to get over itself a little if it wants to thrive in Chambana. Fondue is really the only reason to check this place out since I don't know of anything else nearby that has this for dessert, but food is just average. Oh and their sangria is on point, too. But really, what college kid is drinking sangria? If they are, they are probably used to their wine out of a box
4	This is one of the best places to eat in the CU. The line for lunch is out the door and a little pricey, but it's very good. At dinner, the restaurant becomes full service and the lunch items go up in price, but there is a much larger menu. I never had much issue with the staff like other reviewers have mentioned, but I also haven't been in there for a while. If their lunch prices were a little less, I would give them 5 stars. The dinner prices are $12-$18, but seem fair for what you get.
2	Overpriced. Rude staff. Hit or miss food.The roast potatoes, open faced roast beef, and sangria are good. That's about it. I ordered chicken soup and I swear it was out of a Campbell's soup can.  Very overpriced. I see some reviews on here saying, "you get what you pay for" and I agree normally,but at this place you WILL overpay. EVERY time I have been there (at least 6 times) the waitstaff is rude, clueless or both. If you have a cheese plate on the menu, the waitstaff should know something about the cheeses! I have also seen the manager (tattooed guy) be rude to other customers. I cannot recommend.
4	I've eaten here twice for dinner over the last five years and was very pleased on both occasions.  We had pizzas both times.  They are wonderful!   They very much resemble the style we've had in Rome: very thin, crisp crust, light on the creative toppings. The portobello, artichoke, roasted peppers and fontina one was especially memorable.  Service was very good - prompt, friendly and quick.  Our waitresses were very pleasant.  The prices may seem a little high, so if you want a cheap thick crust gloppy stuffed pizza, go elsewhere.
4	The food is excellent and the bread is the best in Urbana. Dinner is delightful with excellent gourmet pizzas, fondu, tapas, etc. On Sunday, they have an excellent and low priced brunch. The dinner prices are reasonable for the quality of the food. Their sangria is also the best I've ever tasted. The only thing keeping me from giving them 5 stars is the service which at times is very slow.
2	Look, I'm not fussy. I'm not mean.  I'm not demanding.  I just want a glass of wine and some food.  I'm even willing to just order off the board when the waitress can't figure out that four people need more than one menu. I really wish I could discuss the food, but the service is so bad that I can't remember what I had to eat.  In case the staff reads yelp in between listening to the Smiths all day and wondering why they aren't famous artists yet, here are some tips:1.  Bring menus for everyone2.  Do not walk away if only three people have ordered and there are four people at the table.3. Do not roll your eyes, kid. 4. Do not pretend that you are a really good waitress who can remember everything.  You have to write it down because when you don't write it down you will end up bringing me the wrong thing.  5.  Do not forget to take empty plates off the rickety, unclean table because otherwise there is nowhere to put down the food. It's ok the first time you bring it because the order is wrong and you have to take it back.  (See number 3) 6.  Do not let our wine glasses get empty. We live in the midwest too. We hate it here too. We need more wine.
1	terrible service. the brunch fondue looked intriguing so we asked the waiter about the serving size. the menu claimed it'd accomodate 2 people but we wanted to make sure. the waiter said, 'you can add some vegetables and it should be ok.' so we agreed to that.he rarely came back out to help us the entire time. then when we got the bill, he charged us for *2* fondues. i went in and disputed the charge and he finally credited us for one of them. however, after keeping track of the credit card statement, it appears that he never refunded the fondues.this is still in dispute and i want to make sure you no one makes the mistake of going here.ps - panera's food is better than this and i don't even like panera.
3	I like it enough to come back. The grilled Hawaiian sandwich is good, but crispy borderline burnt tasting today. Their tuna salad is really yummy. They are pretty skimpy on salad dressings and a few times I've had some wilty, yuckiness in my field greens salad. Nice ambience though, and good outdoor seating.
5	I ate dinner at The Bread Company for the first time last night prior to attending a play at the Krannert Center.  I had read many reviews of the restaurant and entered with some trepidation.  My party had a reservation for ten people at 6:00pm and I was in the last group to arrive - a little late. The other guests were already enjoying a drink while waiting. The service and food were both outstanding. Our server, Nick, was prompt, polite, and knowledgeable.  Everyone's food looked so good. I ordered a vegan pasta dish with vegetables, which was excellent.  My wife had one of the unique pizzas and enjoyed it thoroughly. I noticed that at the end of dinner all in our party had left nothing on their plates.  We were all full happy campers! Only one member ordered dessert - chocolate mousse. He said it was great.We were finished with a leisurely dinner and had our bill paid with more than enough time to stroll down the block to see our play. The only negatives were bread that was a bit burnt due to what appeared to be a hot spot in the oven and the meals which were delivered to the table one or two at a time, which seemed a bit odd. However, the overall experience was enjoyed by everyone, making for an excellent prelude to the play. I will definitely come here again.
3	When our department has to entertain guest speakers or job candidates, The Bread Company always becomes the default dinner/lunch location.  Embarrassingly, I've heard some job candidates comment that they were taken here for 3 different meals during their visit!  My department is probably at fault for their lack of imagination when choosing restaurants, but The Bread Company offers some benefits that elevate it to a top pick for business-casual university diners:(1) Location.  For people who have short lunch periods and need to be within walking distance of campus, this restaurant's location is unbeatable.  (And since it's next door to an Espresso Royale, you can grab a coffee after your meal, if desired.)(2) Atmosphere.  Most college restaurants resemble a McDonald's Playroom for adolescents: neon walls and heavy-duty plastic furniture, with underlying scents of urine and vomit.  While The Bread Company does have a hint of grunge, it also invokes a strong sense of urban, artistic chic.  There are real paintings on the wall (not poster prints).  At night, they bring out white tablecloth and mood lighting.(3) Price.  I think the prices are reasonable depending on who you ask.  This place IS pricey when compared to most campus restaurants, where students are always trying to squeeze their dollars.  Lunch generally runs around $7 to $10, which is not unreasonable when entertaining guests.  (And still comparable/cheaper than what you can get at Timpone's, the other "nice" restaurant in the area.)All of the food is fairly conservative, with obvious combinations of flavors (brie + portobello, turkey + pesto, etc.).  I think this is also a reason that it ranks highly among options for guests; you will find nothing offensive here in terms of food (but also nothing exciting).  The presentation tends to be elegant and you can tell that most of the ingredients are of good quality.For lunch, I always go with the egg salad, which is creamy, well-seasoned, and always satiates my craving for egg goodness.  In the early evening, sometimes I stop by for a beer and appetizer with friends.  The cheese selection is quite good (you'll find Stilton, Gouda, Manchego, etc.), and the beers are all microbrews (if you're into that kind of thing).  Dinner selections include fondue, pastas, pizzas, and some specialties, but the prices are on par with more interesting restaurants in downtown Champaign/Urbana.In terms of baked goods, I am quite fond of ordering my sandwiches here with sourdough or rye bread.  Yum!  At most places with a baking reputation, I always find myself enticed by the sweet buns and cookies, but I almost never find myself tempted by the ones at The Bread Company.  Their treats always look colorless and hardened, as if they were made by an angry grandma.Overall, I'd recommend this to people who like simple, light food.  If you are cheap and don't care about indie street cred, you could probably get the same food at Panera.
1	I've been to the Bread Company at least 6 times over the past three years all separated by months. The only reason I continue to go back has got to be because I forget about how sub-standard their food is. And today I decided to finally put my disappointment on the internet.This review was spurred by a visit today to get coffee and a pastry. I ordered an americano that was obviously made with poor quality espresso, and perhaps by someone with little knowledge of what an americano should be. It was too watery, but maybe that is my taste. I also had what they dared to call a chocolate croissant. It could have been made days ago. Instead of being light and fluffy, it was dense and doughy and filled with chocolate chips that were never fully melted so they maintained their chip structure. I was less than impressed. But this seems to be the way things go at the Bread Company.As I mentioned earlier, I have been going to the Bread Company for quite a few years (having been at the U of I as a student since 2008), and their menu has yet to change. At all. This sort of stagnancy is worrisome and really speaks to the lack of effort that the chef and/or owner put into this business.On a recent dinner visit I got the chocolate fondue which came with possibly pre-made cinnamon bread slices, strawberries, and a plethora of apples and pears. I suppose the apples and pears were in season (it was November when I went), but I don't see how apples work with chocolate. I've had their pizza many times, and I cannot deny that they do a good crust...but I just don't get the pizza that comes with a mountain of salad on top. It is just too much and overwhelms the pizza that really should be the star of the dish.Overall the Bread Company is uninspired and very tired. This is reflected in their dusty, unchanging interior, their menus, and the often impolite, lackluster performances of the staff.
4	The new vegan menu at the Bread Co. is delicious. The linguine is especially hearty and chock full of veggies. The carrot cake was delicious as well.
3	Food is ok, not a big fan but I know my friends like it a ton. Grilled cheese is pretty decent!
3	I've been here a couple of times with a group of people at an off time. The experiences I've had were fine. The service was good, food is decent, a little bit more than what I would like to spend for the amount that I get, but is a solid change to add in your repertoire of restaurants for lunch.
3	This was our first time eating together at The Bread Company.  The service was good and they seated us immediately even though we did not have a reservation.  The bread was good and the fried goat cheese appetizer was tasty.  Our server was friendly and we received all of our food in a timely manner.  The food was fine;  I ordered the lamb and he ordered the seared tuna.  It was good but I wasn't blown away.
4	Went here for lunch during the week (while school was in-session). Busy, but not overly so. Seats were a little uncomfortable and not super baby-friendly (no room for strollers, not sure they had highchairs). Food was excellent and great portions. Everything's a la carte, so if you want something on the side, make sure to ask/buy it. Great alternative to other sandwich options around campus and not too expensive. Probably gets busiest around breaks in school day.
1	My review was filtered and I guess this one will be, too. This place has terrible, some of the worst - in a town filled with bad service, I've ever had. And the food is not good. Look at all the filtered reviews before eating here.
2	When you are asked if you want mustard or mayo, and respond, "mustard please, no mayo," what do you think you'll get?  Well, I got a large helping of mayo and no mustard to speak of. I think it would have been a good sandwich. It didn't even come with a napkin, so once I realized this error, I couldn't get a lot of the mayo off. Ick.
3	Bread Company has a selection of great ingredients that results in good food, but the service is terribly inconsistent. I have a bunch of stories about this, but here's the two that contrast most significantly: (1) When I came for afternoon drinks with my writing group, it was quiet and we received great, not-too-hands-on service: a nice mixture of noticing when we might want more drinks and letting us alone.(2) A few weeks ago, my husband and I went with a party of 6 for dinner 1 1/2 hours before a show, told them our schedule, and were assured that we should have plenty of time. Cool -- except that the whole thing turned out to be kind of a disaster. We all ordered at the same time, and there seemed to be plenty of servers for a full room at dinner, but our meals arrived over the course of a half-hour (the pasta came after the steak, hmm). Fresh and tasty dinners, yes, but it was impossible to wait and eat together, and everyone was antsy due to the delays. In the end, we finished 20 minutes after our preferred time and our waitress did not seem particularly motivated to help the situation along or even really apologize.So: Good food, decent wine, but the service is a gamble. Try it, but go on a quiet weeknight -- definitely not for a Krannert opening or right before another occasion.
2	The food at TBC is fine if you like moderately soggy vegetables and bland sandwiches. They have vegetarian options, that are okay, more diverse than many places, but the few times I've been there, the salads needed a little work.  It is a-ok to tear the lettuce up a bit so people don't have to slobber it all over their faces.  I really hate a clunky salad.  The pear panini was satisfying and but the IKEA tables outside make me nostalgic for my own yard and my own cooking, thus reinforcing my tagline "Vegetarian with a touch of snobbery"I don't rate restaurants on their administrative prowess, but if I did I wouldn't give any to the TBC.  The waitstaff and management made it nearly impossible to process a reimbursement through the University of Illinois.  You would think, given their proximity to campus, that they would train people adequately with respect to how to handle the idiosyncrasies of receipt processing through the University.  Instead, I am wasting my work and personal time chasing down the original receipt for a charge entered incorrectly by a waitress.  And the day manager can't help me?  Um... I just recommend not going here at all if there is a chance you will need to then make your lifework sleuthing receipts.  Oh how fulfilling.   I've heard other people say that it is always a nightmare to expense TBC meals.   The U of I-area restaurants need to take a page from the book of vendors in other college towns and get their act together.
2	I've been to The Bread Company several times now, and left disappointed most of those times. Their food isn't horrible or anything (except for their gazpacho, which is by far the worst I've had), but it's definitely overpriced and bland. The only item on their menu that's worth mention is the grilled roast beef sandwich ($9.50 after tax) -- fried roast beef cold cuts, sauteed onions, and gruyere cheese. Just about anything else I've had there, including their soups, was just bland and cost waaaaay more than it should. Also, their pesto tastes nothing like basil, more like parsley puree - I definitely don't recommend getting anything that has it. Finally, you'd think that a restaurant named the Bread Company would have good bread on their sandwiches...
4	Super romantic spot on a cold winter night. The fondue is excellent. Staff is intelligent and attentive. The crowd is the highly educated, super liberal type. Refreshing sometimes.
4	This is by far the best pizza place in CU approved by my Italian spouse. They have the nice crust and pretty good quality authetic topics (cheeses and so on). If horrific deep dish American pizza is your thing, don't bother going here.
5	Went here once, in 2007, on a first date with a hot chick I met while in college. Almost six years later...she's my wife. Yea, guess I'd say that's enough for 5 stars. Thanks Bread Company *brofist*Do I remember much about the food?...No. The only thing I remember was feeling underwhelmed by the bread. I mean, if the place is called "Bread Company" I expect the bread to be something special, you know what I mean? Whatever, I guess by now I'm over it.Bottom line: took my crush here on a first date, ended up getting a second date...a third...and yea, eventually I even got laid. Thumbs up, would recommend.
5	Food is very solid. Although many other reviews have had a problem with service. I have been there dozens of times for lunch and dinner and never been disappointed. It's a family type place so don't expect the service to be like that in a chain restaurant.If you want solid food with a continental flair can't go wrong here
4	Had a nice dinner with my wife for our anniversary. Wanted to go someplace off beat and quiet and we were very satisfied with The Brad Company. Our waitress was very well versed on the menu, and was happy to let us sample the wines so we can make a better choice. Serving portions are large and well priced for what you get. A pizza and appetizer is probably enough for two if you're wanting something light. The setting was nice and cafe-like, and the crowd small. There was no waiting at all, although they accepted a reservation for our occasion. I will definitely go back.
4	Good food. Nice atmosphere and good for a date night. Ordered the pepperoni pizza and it was tasty with lovely cheese and herbs on it. My gf ordered a cheese fondue and she liked it. Not too pricey for the up class atmosphere right next to camous
3	Food was pretty good. Nice ambiance for dinners. I got the hot turkey sandwich that came with some tasty potatoes in the side and a salad. Was a little bit on the pricey side for a sandwich, but I think that if you go during lunch you'll get a better value for money. My friend ended up getting a pasta dish which was pretty decent however like I mentioned it was pretty expensive. Would be nice for a special occasion.
5	SO and I came here for our anniversary: The Good:-We arrived 5 minutes before our reservation and were welcomed and seated promptly.-Atmosphere was nice but not stuffy, eclectic collection of chairs gave it a more casual feel-Waitress was extremely friendly and treated us well, happily accommodated us-The Fried Goat Cheese with honey and strawberries was dreamy, so delicious. -Basil Tomato Fondue was delicious, "it tastes like pizza".-Chocolate fondue uses dark chocolate, which makes it rich and not too sweet-Portions were generous, especially with the goat cheese appetizer, there was so much goat cheese that we ran out of bread! Our waitress happily accommodated us and brought more warm bread.The Bad:-Nothing!Overall:Fantastic! Food and atmosphere was great! Would love to come again.
5	Lovely experience here tonight! Service was wonderful and was complimented by getting to meet the owner, Lindsey. She and her husband took it over from his family recently (not exactly sure when) to continue the family tradition. Food was tasty - I had pesto pasta and husband had garlic pizza plus a French onion soup and bruschetta. Atmosphere was quite nice on the patio and we enjoyed a delicious bottle of wine that was reasonably priced. We had the privilege of talking with Lindsay further and learning about their takeover after getting a summary from the menus which include an overview on key individuals in the history of Bread company, including Lindsay and the original owner, her mother in law.
1	It has been probably a decade since I have been to the bread company, and today I found out why and have vowed I don't have to go back....ever. A coworker and I went and the service was horrible (nothing new here - read the other comments - it must be their 'thing'!), price was absolutely atrocious for lunch and I ended up being sick all afternoon. I ordered the ham sandwich and my friend ordered their special salad of the day. Price was over $15. She got a diet coke, I was offered a shot glass of water with no ice. We get to the cashier and she refuses to listen to me as I try to tell her what our order was. I asked the gentleman who took our order to put it on one ticket as it was my turn to pay, and he didn't. So, she proceeds to ring me up, and then not give us the drink. So, I tell her, we need the diet coke. She flips back through the register tape and says, "Oh, I overcharged you a little. Oh well. I'll go get the drink." NEVER offered me a refund or to make it correct. Then, gives me a picture to put on our table so she can bring us our items, but then said, "Oh, nevermind, they are both ready." So, I'm standing there with a drink, my wallet and looking at two plates. I said, "I can't carry all this." she says, "You can take a tray" and points to the cafeteria trays on the counter. I opted to deliver my friends salad to her (as she had secured us a table) and drink, and then came back for my sandwich. I ordered a ham sandwich. I got a turkey sandwich. And then, I got sick......I will NEVER return. I don't need to pay over fifteen dollars for a salad and drink and sandwich and be treated like shit only to then be sick all afternoon.
4	Bread Company has been around for 15+ years, it is the kind of local place that visitors to town are likely to miss, but it's worth checking out especially for those who like to avoid chain restaurants.I recently stopped by for Sunday brunch--something I almost skipped because their website didn't list a brunch menu (I thought I knew most of the brunches in town and didn't know Bread Company was an option until today).The service was friendly, but like a lot of local restaurants, the timing was not-so-great and generally felt inexperienced.The waiter offered slow-drip pour-over coffee, but called the coffee "blends" when they were actually single varietals (sorry, coffee nerd here). The Ethiopian Yirgacheffe, though, was aromatic and worth the extra charge (though it's reasonable to expect that the menu had listed the price or the waiter had known it after I asked: no luck on either).I waited much too long to place my order after sitting (and it was not busy).  But the prosciutto and gruyere omelet (which I added spinach to with no problem) that arrived vastly exceeded expectations: it was flavorful, chock full of good ingredients and not overcooked. The pan-fried potatoes were spiced but not overly salty (though I sent them back when they arrived with a huge dollop of unmentioned sour-cream--ew).The baked bread was sourdough and crusty and a perfect accompaniment. Nice job, Bread Company. Great food. Lacking final star only because my waiter could have used some some further training on the menu and service timing.
4	Pretty much my favorite spot in C-U. Relaxed atmosphere and very nice food. Love the salads, pizza and pasta.
5	Stumbled upon this gem for a bite for brunch. It's a quaint Swiss bistro with some pretty spectacular food! Tried the "Quiche of the Day"-ham and gruyere quiche- it was DELISH!
3	Can't get your burger rare...they weren't sure about the meat today.  Staff was so quick to clean our table they took food we weren't finished with twice!  Couldn't get the waitresses attention to pay our bill.  Salmon salad was great..shrimp pasta fab..why no grated cheese or ground pepper?
5	One of my favorite places to go in town, especially when I'm not in a hurry! Everything is delicious - the bread is wonderful, paninis and french onion soup are superb. I always start with the lemon garlic green salad. Pizza beats nearby restaurants' offerings by a long shot! Try the savory or sweet fondue. Excellent brunch spot as well (the quiche is a standout). The atmosphere is calm, praceful and inviting. Waitstaff tends to move on the slower side, but are genuinely interested in helping you create a meal you'll enjoy.
