4	-yay! they have one here-was searching for ice cream-didn't feel like having boba/halo-halo from red ribbon or jollibee-didn't scope out the store much but it did appear to be the same size as the one in union city-still no overpowering fish smell-no scoops of ice cream but found mochi balls-inline, got the slowest clerk....she needed to retire but she was so sweet-"magandang hapon po..." i said (good afternoon)-"ay, pilipina ka pala, akala ko hindi" (oh, i didn't think you were filipina)="MAITIM KASI "(cuz i'm dark) AS SHE GIGGLES AND TAKES A YEAR TO WRAP UP
5	Live crabs in barrels! Whole fish! Gross weird things I have never seen!I love this market. i used to live down the street and loved to pick up some yummy fishes and all sorts of noodles and whatever Asian spices smelled perfect for the night.I had no idea what i was doing half the time but the ingredients made themselves.The fish was all fresh and the whole store interesting. I don't think I am a fan of boba. I love this store I love this store. I love this store.
2	This place was good until it was well known in the asian community. You have to fight for a parking spot. It's waay crowded, the employees have somewhat of a lack of communication.The positives of this place, it reminds me of home...the palenke (however you spell it) smell. The fish you can inspect yourself for freshness (I am picky when it comes to fish). Also I like the fact they can clean and cook it for you (for those who are always on the run).
3	The good things about Seafood City are that it's interesting, clean and bright.  I especially liked the seafood department.  The fish were just beautiful to look at.  They also had mutton and goat meat today.  I've always wanted to try mutton....The reason I didn't rate it higher was that they didn't have as many interesting things in the other areas of the store.  The produce section was nice, but a little unremarkable.  The frozen foods and grocery areas just didn't have as much unusual stuff as either 99 Ranch or Diho Market.
4	Seafood City Supermarket is my first choice grocery for specialty Filipino items and obviously for seafood. My only warning is that it's a stinky place. I don't do my bulk shopping here, but it is definitely a place I go to for something specific.
4	Good selection of filipino items and of course seafood. They have mostly anything you need thats asian. I used to go here a couple times a week when i lived in vegas because it was right down the street. I sure miss this place.
1	This placed scared the b-jesus outta me! When you first walk in it's like they have all these strange fast seafood set-ups to your left and right. Non of it looked very appealing. I felt like I was at walmart only with seafood. The floors looked dirty and the lighting was florescent and everything looked sort of green.The live crabs had about 3 pieces of ice underneath and their eyes cut out. I sat and watched in dismay as customers (mostly bored, no intention to buy, teenagers) walked by and hit the live crabs with the tongs. I felt grossed out, sad, and without appetite by the time I turned around and left. I hope this place closes down, you really do get what you pay for and with seafood I wouldn't risk it anyway. Heading to Whole Foods for my tuna steaks from now on.
4	Once I got over just how crowded this place gets I had an absolute blast checking out the seafood selection! Live blue crabs (yes some of the little kids were smacking them on the shells with the tongs, but some of those crabs were fighting back!), a huge selection of fish including parrot fish, live catfish (and frozen), lobster, squid, shrimp, oysters, clams, etc etc. I spent a good 30 minutes just browsing around making little mental notes of the selection for later. I got there around 7 pm on a weekday and it was a tad crazy so I decided I'd come back at opening time the next day before things really got busy.New opening hours though!! They seem to open at 8 am, not 9!! Wasn't too bad though, had my cart and was wandering around a bit, only occasionally running into the odd elderly grandma or child, lol. I had decided the night before to try my hand at some chioppino and had put together a list of some of the seafood I wanted to get. Ingredients bought were live blue crabs, some alaskan crab legs, clams, cherrystones clams, some squid, fresh shrimp, and some fish. Once you pick what you want and put it into a plastic bag (paper for the crabs) you get in line to have it weighed at the counter. Quick and friendly, and if you have some whole fish you can have it cleaned, gutted, and chopped up for you! Very convenient since I doubt I'd have been too successful at it. I still wish I could have had them do that with the squid, that stuff was nasty to do at home later (yet sooo worth it...yummy).  The fresh ingredients made ALL the difference in the chioppino, my wife was raving about the taste later.If seafood isn't your thing though they also have a huge selection of pork/chicken/beef to choose from. Pork snout? Beef liver? They have it. Wonderful selection, even the frozen areas were fun to browse through! I saw a huge bag of frozen crawfish that was practically calling my name... mmm, maybe next time.
4	Unless you've been sequestered all your life in suburbia, Whole Foods, and other regular supermarkets, you might be a little overwhelmed with this seafood market (like Ms. H down below). But it's one of the best seafood markets in Las Vegas. It's in the heart of this so-called ghetto neighborhood and it caters to the Filipino and other Asian communities of Vegas. The market offers a variety of fresh produce, noodles, rice, and desserts. As for the seafood, if you're used to the pre-packaged fish fillets (like in Albertson's, Smiths) get used to looking at whole fish with head and tail in all. They offer several types of fish, squid, crab, and lobster. They even have my elusive seaweed salad! You can't get this stuff at Vons. On another note, it provides a little oasis for the Filipino community. There are Filipino fast food restaurants such as, Jollibee and Chowking. For all those who are homesick. I wouldn't advise eating here though, the food is laden with MSG and grease. And it's so not worth paying that $9.00 for a meal! Also, since it's the only major Filipino market, it gets really crowded. So go in the early mornings to avoid crowds, you can also get first dibs on seafood!
4	As mentioned in other reviews, this place can get really busy. The place was swarming with asians. The only white person in the whole place was my wife. They've got a wide variety of stuff you'd never find at Smith's or Vons. Fruits and veggies that I've never even heard of and a lot of their produce (the stuff that you have heard of) is much cheaper than at the big name grocery stores. If you're looking for asian ingredients this is the place to go. The seafood section is like something straight out of San Francisco -- piles and piles of whole fish and crabs on ice. It's not something that you would expect to find in Vegas. If you love to cook (especially seafood) it's worth a visit.
4	Good selection of seafood (hence the name right?). They have a lot of items not offered in other Asian markets. This place primarily caters to the Filipino community. Nice and clean with a great variety of fast food places.
4	Great seafood selection at reasonable prices; fresh looking squid, salmon, shrimp, whole tropical fish, octopus, baby octopus, and a large selection of frozen fish and shell-fish. On top of that, they have a large and usually quite busy meat counter, packaged meat section [including marinated pork belly], fresh seaweed salad [a personal favorite- I can eat tons of it at a time], lots of frozen dumplings, gyoza, lumpia, imported fruit, etc. Lots of fresh fruits and vegetables, too, which might be hard to find anywhere else including taro, banana blossoms, and a wide variety of chiles. Lots of dried/salted/seasoned fish & fishballs/sausages, chicken and quail eggs, masago, tofu, and tons of sauces, teas, chips, candies, and kitchen equipment. Parking can be ridiculous sometimes, and having been the only white girl in the area I've gotten some intense stares- but nothing too uncomfortable or weird. I don't know enough about philipino cooking to utilize everything in the store, but I've found things I recognize and enjoy but might not find frequently - daifuku for one. Cheap sake and tasty beer [Red Horse] don't hurt, either. Interesting and useful resource to have in the Vegas valley!
4	everytime i come here, it feels like home. it has everything i need. grocery, dvd, jolibee and chow king.. :)
5	This place is dangerous, whether you want to cook the food yourself or buy it already cooked. The Filipino buns are dangerous and so is the fresh fish. DELICIOUS! If you don't feel like cooking that day, no problem, buy the "freshly fried chicken (make sure it's been fried recently or you won't enjoy the experience like I did)," then you pick up a halo halo next door at Red Ribbon Bakery and you are set for your "low fat meal." Just kidding! It will kill your arteries, but you will enjoy it! I had to boycott this place because I was gaining weight too rapidly in one month! Now, I have stayed away for three months and I am missing that wonderful taste of the beans and condensed milk, from the halo halo ;(
5	I love this place. So far, I am not disappointed with this place. I have been a few times and gotten what I wanted. I have bought kimchi, coco jam, and other things. I like it so much that I took Grandma with me one day and she loved it. We like it because we can get fresh seafood, different meat, veggies, fruits, just about anything. They even have restaurants such as Jollibee. The restaurant has excellent food. This is a definite place to do your grocery shopping and great food to eat.
5	REVIEW FROM A NON-ASIAN:I don't go there for the food at all.  Although I have eaten at some of their entryway diners and the food was acceptable.  I go there for their beauty product selections.  It's not an extremely large selection, but they have products I can't find anywhere else, and prices to die for.I usually stock up when I go since I don't live close and I make a trip specifically for these items when I go there. I love to buy their allue collection make-up for my daughters, it's cheap and decent quality and I don't get mad if my kids lose it or waste it.MOSTLY, I like to buy their line of daily scents, and baby cologne.  These are great for after your shower and I like to rub them on my arms before going out, the smell is great and lasts a long time.  I feel comfortable hugging & shaking hands with people knowing that I am extending a lovely fresh scent when doing so.They also have some nice facial bars & soaps.Very bright, brilliant eye shadow colors are easy to find here.  Same with nail polish, although I haven't bought any nail polish here.They also have good prices on scented baby lotions as well.  I buy those too.They do accept credit cards, but F.Y.I., they do not allow you to get cash back.  I don't really care, but I thought you should know up front.
5	Gyoza crazy me, I don't always have the time nor the inclination to go out to eat, so one of the first things I do wherever I live is seek out an Asian supermarket.  Kampai!!!  Seafood City on Maryland Parkway is the jackpot.  Bags of gzyoza to pick from so that at any given moment I have a selection in my freezer.  The product lines concentrate on Filipino foods, but there's enough variety to satisfy most.  Big and airy, high ceilings, well lit and huge, the produce is always fresh and a much better deal than other supermarkets in the area.  Also included are fruits and vegetables beyond the usual broccoli spears and eggplant.There's also a variety of fast food establishments as you enter their doors, which make good soups and the standard fried chicken baskets.Just finished off a bag of gyoza...  may have to do a DUMPLING RUN soon...
4	Love this store.... better than Ranch 99. It use to be that I went to Ranch 99 because it was the only place to get all you asian cuisine items (versus little mom/ pop filipino shops that might not having everything you are looking for). I believe that Seafood City here in Las Vegas is much cleaner than the ones I have seen in CA (granted they are like a VONS in CA). We only have one here in Vegas.So as far as other Seafood City markets go, this is a nice clean one. I don't think it smells as bad as Ranch 99 either.
5	i vacationed in the Philippines a lot when I was younger, and have spent a lot of my life in Asian/Filipino markets in California..  seafood city is all that I remember about those specific markets and more.it's totally hooked up with all your filipino/asian needs and kept bright and clean.  I come here mostly because it's hard to find fresh veggies, meats, and seafood for cheap at local american markets.  i also go here to buy rice and pick up all the indigenous ingredients for my culturally indigenous foods. ;)  come through  if u need to send things door to door, swoop up a pinoy pride shirt,  pacqiao trinkets, santo nino's, skin whitening or papaya soap.. [lol]you can even hang out with all the peoples chillin!  grab a bite to eat at chow king or jolly bee.. or hit up red ribbon for dessert!haha.. this is a monthly trip for me cause it's far.. but if it were closer i'd be picking up my meat and veggies from seafood city every week.
4	Seafood City is a great place to grab ingredients for you typical Asian/Filipino dishes. Adding to they're variety of Asian/Filipino foods they also have a grocery like any other Neighborhood Walmart would.  Definitely a good place to do some grocery shopping. Prices are average facilities are clean and order, they also have a Jollibee, Chow King, and Red Ribbon in the same store if you get hungry.
4	Getting to prepare Filipino meals require Filipino ingredients. To eat Filipino food, get Filipino supplies, cook it Filipino way, cater or succumb to take-out ready-made food. Not just Filipino items are available in this supermarket but Thai, Japanese, Malaysian or other Asian fare. A large supermarket with fresh vegetables, rice, canned foods, beverages, soups, fruits, eggs, frozen food, ice cream, cookware, rice cookers, hair & beauty supplies, meats, live & fresh seafood is a shopper's delight. "Balut" or the well-known Filipino delicacy of duck-with-embryo-egg is available as well as quail eggs.("Balut" is eaten best with salt and lemon juice and pairs well with a beer ("cerveza")). Recently, the addition of a Fish Fryer offers your fresh seafood fried and ready for you to take home without the cleaning and cooking tasks needed when you get home. There is a line at the Seafood section as fish is at a low affordable price and the fish frying is a great convenience. You will find this in the left side of the supermarket upon passing through the passageway next to the cash registers. The fresh produce of fruits and vegetables is on the right side of the supermarket.Adjacent to the supermarket entry is "Chow King" also offers hot meals, soups, hot taho, ube or pandan smoothies and combination meals of chicken, meat or fish. Also, "Jollibee" is a fast food joint where Filipino style Spaghetti (which I must warn you is on the sweetness in taste), burgers, fries, mini sandwiches and munch on a Filipino style fried chicken called "Chicken Joy". A Beauty Salon called "Monet" for your haircut and beauty needs. "Red Robbin Bakeshop" offers breads, cakes, pastries and hot meals. Restrooms are in "Chow King" and in "Jollibee". Read about latest local and international Filipino news from a variety of newsmagazines and newspapers stocked in newspaper bins by the sliding doors to the supermarket. Parking lot is accessible and this clean supermarket stays open from 7 a.m. to 12 p.m. Communicating in English with Filipino attendants, servers and staff is not like being in a foreign land. Take time to browse around and ask questions from helpful supermarket associates if you are unfamiliar of Filipino or Asian supplies and viands.
4	I love going here! It's like my go to place for all the Filipino/Asian foods! It's heck of a lot cleaner than Ranch 99 on Spring Mtn. and I love the service of them cleaning your fish.  I'm also glad they had a number service system, which allows you to pick up your (cleaned fish) or meat and etc.  It's been a lot more organized since it first opened up.  Sometimes I am a little sad that some vegetables aren't there or the sliced salmon filets are usually gone by the middle of the day.  If you want the fresh stuff, get here early in the A.M.  People do tend to buy more in bulks, so you can kiss your fresh stuff goodbye.  Aside from that, I'm glad they're open late.  It's good for my hours, especially when I do get off late.  They're open from 8 to 12 I think? I don't know if they changed the hours.  You can find all Philippines beauty products, a little pricey but I think this is the only big beauty central.  I love how there's a Chow King, Jolibee and Red Ribbon.  It just makes shopping easier!  If you're looking for Filipino vegetables and what not, stop by here.  There stuff is most of the time fresh!  And they 75% of the time have what you're looking for!
1	I just got off the phone with them to find out how much it costs for lobster per lb.  They absolutely refused to tell me.  I told them I live all the way on the West side, and with the cost of gas at $3 per gallon, can't they tell me the price?  They said no...it's their policy not to give prices over the phone.  When I called all these other supermarkets they obliged.
1	I've to say I expected better from this big corporation but it failed my expectations.  First of all I bought a parrot fish roughly 3 lbs and had them clean it. The wait was hefty but I will excuse that because I understand they were busy. But the thing is I took that fish home and baked it in the oven well over the recommend time and my family got sick!! I'm no ametuer about cleaning nor cooking fish, I was raised on a island most of my life. Anyways, I also noticed the seafood area didn't look like it had alot of care taken into it. Most of the fish was smelly, like old smelly. Even I know when it starts smelling and the eyes get glassy you should remove it from the selling area. The last thing that somewhat irritated me was the cashier was talking in tagalog the whole time to the other cashier in the next lane. She didn't even greet me, tell me my total or even say thank you. I've been to most of the asian markets and even the cashiers that don't speak English try show me some manners and smile. I don't believe I will be going here EVER again!
4	This is one of the most extensive seafood markets that I would've never expected to find in the heart of a city. The selection here is excellent. You walk in, and there are rows of fish on ice, live crabs, crawfish, and lobsters. Pick out what  you want, take it to the counter, so they'll clean it for you, and wait for your number to be called. It's as simple as that and quicker than you would imagine.I'd definitely go here again. Etiquette tip: do not play with the fish and make them talk to people. It kind of freaks out some of the Asians that are there shopping, but if that's your thing, it's up to you.
5	Seafood City Rocks!!!  I wish we have one here in New York.  They have eveything that a supermarket has and more.....mostly are products from the Philippines....from Canned Goods,  Biscuits, Spices to Beauty Products...Shampoos, Cologne and Magazines....but they also have Thai, Malaysian, Chinese & Japanese products as well!!The seafood section are neatly arranged and clean...Great selection foryour pleasure!!! .You can also have the luxury of having your fish fried, ... you don't have to do it when you go home...something we don't have here in New York...I know they also have the same service in California and Seattle!!!...!!!! I find the prices very reasonable and affordable...Great place...hope they open one here in New York soon and give Hongkong Supermarket a run for their money!!!!...
4	It's a love-hate relationship, i must say.Love: if you love filipino goodies, this is the best place! They even sell stuff you can't even find somewhere else. It's where I pick up stuff that reminds me of HOME. They have a large variety of seafood and meat here. their stuff tends to run out later on the day so its best to go shop earlier in the day.Fresh fish. Fresh seafoods. Even live crabs and lobsters. Playing with the live crabs makes me happy.There are fast food restaurants around the supermarket complex. Chowking, Red Ribbon and Jollibee.They sell fresh bread right nextdoor, Valerio's bakery.Open from 7am till midnight.Clean and organized.Hate: Parking.  They do have really huge parking space, but since it's one of the biggest Filipino supermarket in town, people do come here a lot!! So go off hours.The distance on every registers are REALLY narrow. Even the shopping carts couldn't fit.The meat counter can be overwhelming, esp the line for fish cleaning.They can be a little too overpriced. You can find some of their exact stuff at Walmart or 99 Cents Store for about 2-3x cheaper.I love you more than I hate you, so I'll keep visiting.
4	longanisa!!!!1 (totally spelled it wrong)This is the place to get it. THE PLACE!
3	I've got mixed feelings about Seafood City.What I like: They've got Magnolia Coconut Ice Cream Bars. Sure other Asian stores have them, but their are always in stock and reasonably priced. They usually have a goodly amount of steamed cheesecake onhand. I love this little Japanese dessert because it is nice and light and not too sweet. I don't have to make a separate purchase at Red Ribbon cause they have the mamon sponge cake in store as well. And lastly my mom usually finds all her beloved Filipino ingredients.What I dislike: It's crowded. Ugh. The store is always packed. I don't think I have ever been there at a time when it wasn't filled with people. If I wanted to willingly subject myself to agoraphobia I'd just go to Walmart on a Saturday at 10 a.m.  And the parking lot is crowded as well. Sometimes I feel sorry for those people who just want to go to Jason's Deli. And of course the smell. Sometimes I can ignore it or it's not too bad, but other times the fish smell is overwhelming.All in all, this is a great place if you are shopping for Filipino foodstuffs. I usually only get over to it if I am on a shopping trip with my mom. I think one of the biggest draws for me is visiting Chow King for a mango shake - but that is an entirely different review.
3	This is very out of the way for me, but since we were in the area, we decided to stop in. I wanted fish, but it was such a long line for cleaning and such that it probably will be an hour before we get our stuff ready to go home. Filipino products are obviously abundant and there are some harder to find offerings here. I think if there's some odd thing I need to recreate a Filipino dish this is my go-to. Most dishes though use very common ingredients that I can find in the Asian marts much closer to my area so I don't see myself coming out of the way to come here. It's a good place for Asian needs on this side of town, but it's nothing special if you're a Filipino living somewhere like the NW like me.
4	I was running low on foodstuffs so thought I would check this place out after my classes. The front area of the place is a food court, with a couple of different dining and bakery establishments. The place actually reminds of Fubonn Shopping Center in Portland, OR, except it is Filipino than Chinese/Vietnamese.I wasn't terribly impressed with the fresh vegetable and fruit selections. I mean, the prices seemed decent and all but I was expecting more variety. Same with the meat selection. There was a cut of beef that I had been wanting to buy, but they did not have it. I did like the fact that they had all sorts of offal. The fish and seafood selection is probably what they are best known for. I saw many people in the self-service are picking up mollusks and shrimps. There was also a long line for fish cleaning.Since it is so close to the university, this is a good place for me to stop by after school to pick up common Asian-y foodstuffs.
4	Filipino grocery store open 24 hours.They have eveything that a supermarket has and more. Most are products from the Philippines but from other Asian countries as well. Aisles are neatly arranged and the store doesn't have that fishy decaying meat smell one encounters at these kind of stores. Please come to Alexandria along with the Golden Ribbon bakery and Jolie B to put to shame the competition of stores like H-Mart, Grand Mart, etc.
5	5 things that go through my head when I visit.1. Presh pried pish prom Philipino polks. 2. Ahhhhhh I feel like I'm in Daly City again. Win.3. M u s t..  r e f r a i  n.. from.. picking up multiple packages of dried squid, mango..4. Dude, where else am I gonna find fresh coconut and lychee on this side of town? 5. Hmm.. What am I gonna buy from Valerios when I'm done with this place?
4	What other place in Vegas makes me feel like I'm back home like Seafood City does? No other place than this... Place where Tita Baby and Tito Boy shop for their filipino goods. It may not be the cleanest and most complete supermarket Vegas has but for it being a Filipino Supermarket it sure does the job.  Whitening soap? Check.  Red ribbon ensaymada? Check. Phone cards? Check. Filipino movies? Check. Fresh seafood staring at you in all its fishy smelling glory? Check. You can even have your fish cooked. Yes, we Filipinos are lazy and that's exactly how it is back home.My ultimate favorite is their marinated meat and OMG their crab!!! It is soooo good. Crab fat and all. *drools*If you don't look Filipino, don't be surprised at people staring at you.  And even if it's all the way on the other side of town what the heck, for that piece of home? Why not!
5	One of my faves groceries store. Make sure you go to the back of the store to get the $.99 cents coconut milk. The front ones costs more. Just a tip.
4	Seafood, yes.Just avoid going to get Seafood on Sundays. It seems to the busiest times. Too long of line to drop your items off to weighed and even longer wait if you want them cleaned.Vegetables, only if I have to. The quality of the veggies isn't always so fresh to me. It often looks old and withered. But i can get ube (purple yam) here so that always makes me look past this.Filipino staple items, yes. Love the food courts in the front and the bakeries. Easy location with lots of offerings. I can't complain.
4	Seafoods- not as fresh as the one in Seafood City Seattle.
1	This market sucks...Maybe I'm biased, since I usually shops at 168 market on Spring Mountain and Jones.Where they have everything you need from Japanese, Korean, Chinese, Thai, Vietnamese, to Filipino and American. Plus their fresh fish and meat department.I was on the UNLV side and wanted to get some fresh Asian vegetables so I decided to go to Seafood City instead driving over to Chinatown. I've been hearing so much about this Seafood City place.  Their vegetable selection was weak, and most of them are old and dry. I wanted to get some Thai curry too while I was here but nope, walked down every isle and couldn't find any Thai section. I guess this market only has Filipino food?Their fish did not seem fresh, I was checking the eyes, under the fins and it took me a good old 10 minutes before I found one that fairly decent. And there's a line of people waiting by the seafood department? I don't get it.Don't waste your time if you are looking for a Asian market that has good and fresh selections, just drive over to Chinatown.
4	My moms favorite place to go when she needs to buy groceries and send money to the philippines. But for me its chaotic. Yet i still love it. LIKES: the products they have. Most are from the philippines. But the prices are funny. Whenever it comes down to paying, we always hit the $100 mark.  And of course i like jollibee, chowking, and red ribbon. They should add Greenwhich ahahaDISLIKE: PARKING, SECURITY, LOCATION, and how TINY the market is. Its gets crowded easy, there are rude people who just make their way in and out of the market, people fight over parking, not enough secuity especially when it gets full, and i can barely move my cart around without saying EXCUSE ME or squeezing through aisles. They restock during the busiest hour and i find that annoying. I see boxes everywhere which makes it even more crowded. Relocate with a bigger store please? Like henderson... :P
5	Great place for Filipino fast food and if you need some groceries while you're out of town
4	A Midwestern guy walks into a Filipino Supermarket and gets overwhelmed. Film at 11. Wow, this was one of the more interesting places I've stepped foot into since I moved to Vegas. Parking for this place is a zoo but once you find a space you're in for an experience. Once inside the door the place reminds me of a Hypermarket with restaurants, a bakery, financial services, and other shops right up front. You walk past all that and into a full fledged supermarket where the first thing you notice is the smell coming from the fish which you can't see at first but you certainly know they're present. This is not your typical American supermarket. It may look like it at first glance, but it's certainly not. So what did I find here? Produce: They have a good selection but the pricing for some items is a bit higher than I expected. Also the produce section had a LOT of flies. As in even as oblivious as I am to some things when I notice it's pretty bad. But they had some stuff like different varieties of bananas that I haven't seen elsewhere. A quick loop around the store will take you to the source of the very distinctive smell, the open air fish market. They have a nice sized selection of fish and other things and after you pick out what you want they will clean it up for you. This section of the store is CROWDED. Even a big guy like me got bumped into. And if you don't like raw fish this is not the place for you as people are flying past you with all kinds of it. I overheard grumbling about how long it was taking to process the fish but I just thought it was cool and I want to go back when I can properly transport my fish home in the desert heat. A walk through the center of the store led me to a lot of different ethnic items, some I've seen at the International Market but quite a few items were unique to this store. The list of unique items is too long to list here, if you're looking for something your best bet is to stop in and look for yourself. I picked up a couple of things (they even had the tamarind hard candy I have trouble finding!) and went to check out. Checkout was packed but moved fast. And the people working the registers were friendly and they actually have a Point of Sale / Credit Card machine that's programmed intelligently. I want to make a point of saying checkout was easy, as it should be elsewhere. In short I didn't have much time to spend in here but I'm glad I went in and it was quite the experience. I will be back.
4	We found this place by accident (visiting a store in same plaza) and can now say without a doubt that we love this place.  You can find some cheaply priced essentials; Asian delights and very reasonably priced seafood. Oooh the seafood that was why we went back the 2nd time. We grabbed a few pounds  of whole shrimp and a container of old bay and we couldn't get home fast enough to cook them up and properly season them.  It was heaven; As soon as we can find a place close to the apartment where we can break crabs open and not have to worth about the after effects of smell and the random chunks of flying crab as you break them apart we will be back.  Oh word of advice is to be sure to weigh your seafood before going to the register; it not you hold up the line and look like a fool; we thought it was kinda funny but won't be making that mistake again.  The man at the counter was very nice and was able to use his scale to weigh everything but it took a few minutes. Be careful/buying dairy/eggs here both of my trips here they had them sitting in the aisles.  I touched a few and they were dry and room temperature. I'm sure the health inspector would have freaked but as long as you are careful on what you buy here you won't leave disappointed.
3	I try to avoid this market unless its absolutely necessary. Not because the selection isn't great or because the staff isn't friendly. Its because its almost always overly busy!
3	Seafood City is a grocery store that is located in Maryland Parkway just off Flamingo is one of many franchises that cater specifically to the Filipino community but also other Asian and ethnic cultures.  Fairly big in size with neighbors such as Jollibee, Chow King, & Valerios Bakery rented directly in the facility...it makes it a convenient one stop shop for your Filipino needs.  You can pretty much find it all in here.  Highly advertised on the Filipino Channel, especially in California...Seafood City is like the Filipino version of Vons or Safeway...well known but can be a little highly priced on some items.Plenty of fresh fish and vegetables to choose from.  Staff for the most part are friendly and can help you locate what you are looking for.  Shelves are continuously being stocked which is nice to see.  The downside is that, this place gets crowded, especially on weekends and Holidays!  Parking is a pain in the @$$, but upon availability it is alright.  The parking lot is big, it is just that this place gets so packed it can get ridiculous.  I suggest getting there early or off hours to ease the tension.  Over all it is nice place to go to, but if you are not a people person or hate crowds...you might want to head over to China Town or other asian/oriental markets around the valley instead.
3	Great Asian Store in bad location. Too many homeless' in the parking lot  and by front of store begging for money or cigarettes.
4	Very convenient for Filipino shoppers. Welcome to all. Prices are pretty decent. Some better improvement over time. Friendly employees.
5	This will not be one of my "adventures in womanizing". I just came here for a couple of quick items and ended up getting numbers from 3 girls. I didn't even ask. I've never really been attracted to Filipino chicks in the past... but these chicks were like those girls you see on the Filipino soap operas. I thought they were really hot.I recently had a conversation with 3 non-Asian college students about: "Which Asian person had the most impact on Asian people today". They listed off people like: Sun Tzu, Dalai Lama, Mao Zedong, Dr. Feng Shan Ho, Norman Mineta. I being the only person of Asian descent had the most credibility in my opinion. And when it was my turn, I said that the greatest Asian person in history is MANNY PACQUAIO! My argument was that Manny Pacquaio can use his straight left hand to kick the sh!t out of the Dalai Lama, and he can sing better than him as well, therefore he is the greatest Asian person ever.So, I came to SEAFOOD CITY for some unlicensed Pacquaio merchandise for my Filipino friend who is going to his next fight. Unfortunately, I got off work too late and the Pacquaio store was closed. I decided to just walk around a bit, and I found the selection to be much more superior to Greenland. We don't really got a good selection of Asian supermarkets here in LV. Every time I ask a Japanese person the question: "What's the best Japanese Market?". In a very enthusiastic voice, they always answer by screaming "GREENNNLLAANND!" I really can't tell if they are being serious or not.  Also, Notice how I am giving this place a 5-star review while I gave Greenland a 2-star.  SEAFOOD CITY has better customer service than Greenland and many of the items are like a quarter of the price. Not to mention I even got felt up by one chick while I was waiting in line to pay. This place is f*cking awesome.
5	Very nice place this is a place you could buy any seafood you're thinking about. I buy the Lupia wraps there so I can make my own
4	This place is freakin' BUSY. Amando S. made homemade Ahi Poke on St. Patrick's Day so since then I was CRAVING it!! I took a journey to Seafood City to pick up some Ahi Poke. Good prices for some slabs of Tuna! This was really all I came here for so I had my tuna and was waiting in line... lalalala - then a sales associate said since I had so few items, I could go through the customer service line. Yes! Short line. Plus they make money orders there for fifty cents and I actually needed one. SCORE.
4	Sells everything asian particularly filipino made products. Its like heaven when you walk in here shopping going thru each and every aisle looking for what to buy.The fresh seafood area has a huge selection and they have an add on service where they can cook your fish.
3	Asians unite! Pinoy power! If you love anything asian this is the place for you! Jollibee and chow king are located within seafood city. Tons of asian influenced foods and gadgets a like.
4	I can't believe it's taken me this long to write a review for Seafood City. Since its inception in May 2007, this has been the home to the Filipino community for all their grocery needs.  As another Yelper mentioned, this is a beehive of Filipinos, which is absolutely true.  Although occasionally I do see 1 or 2 individuals of a different ethnicity, but I'm sure they shop here for the reasonable prices. They offer everything you need to cook a home-made Filipino meal; I usually come here to grab ingredients for my parents. This place is super busy on the weekends, so I don't dare stepping foot here.  That goes along with parking, which is probably even worse.  I tend to park closer to what was previously Barnes & Noble.  There's another review on here stating she was so surprised to see kids playing with live crabs. I was guilty of that too when I was a kid, but honestly what do you expect this is a Filipino super market (Seafood City is probably the best one in town). And she ends her review with "I'll go to Whole Foods next time I need crab." That cracked me up because obviously this place is nothing like Whole Foods , but neither are the prices.
4	I think my rating for this place definitely has something to do with my heritage.  Let's be honest, it has everything to do with it.  I'm proud to be Filipino and this store really caters to those cultural needs!The store is huge!  You have electronic booths (cellular services), food court-type options (Jollibee's, a Chinese restaurant and a Filipino bakery) and of course, groceries.  I love how cheap everything is in the produce department. Some of my favorites like bitter melon and other squashes seem to be substantially cheaper than other grocery stores like Smith's or Albertson's.  What I love is the fact that this store also has everything I grew up with.  It's like going through the Asian food aisle at the store...except it's the whole store!  Then, you get to the meat and fish section.  That's where the heart of the store is.  So many types of fish!  So many types of meat.  All kinds of meat parts: pork, chicken and beef.  The back counters are super efficient.  What I love is the fact that you can grab fish, like catfish, take a number and ask the back counter employees to deep fry the fish.  It's a service not many people know about.  I love it!!If you're in the mood to make pork gisantes, adobo or other Filipino delights, come and check out this place.  I KNOW you'll find what you're looking for :)
1	WOW!  I called these people to ask a simple pricing question and the woman on the other end said they didn't carry my item anymore and hung up promptly!  No suggestions where I could find it, or how much it should cost at a good place....just a dial tone.  didn't think lobster was such a sensitive subject and when I tried to call back to talk to a manager, since she hung up before I could get another question out, without a goodbye, the phone was picked up and hung up AGAIN!!  So far they are shooting for really bad reviews with me.  If you are answering the phone as an employee don't be rude!  What a moron, customer service is not rocket science!  I called back a third time for the manager and what do you know; not available; I guess I'll just have to pay them a personal visit and trust me guys you won't like what I have to say.
4	Seafood City Supermarket is a nice grocery store that offers a lot of Filipino foods and goods in addition to American groceries. The aisles are fun to browse through, since I can't find a lot of Filipino products back at home. Prices seem pretty reasonable.
5	Its like a mini filipino town. Love it. Love jollibee also.
4	Up until recently, I'd avoided Seafood City because I don't eat seafood. I'd go to the Barnes and Noble next door (RIP) or eat at Jason's Deli, but I'd skip the City.I decided to see what veggies and other delicacies they had. I was pleasantly surprised by the range of produce, and I was ecstatic at the dozen or more varieties of tofu offered. They also had tiny citrus trees for sale, which is awesome.I ended up with veggies, seaweed and tofu, all at excellent prices. I'll definitely be going back for more.
4	Came here to buy beer for the Filipino Potluck!  I figured since it was Filipino town here, they would have decent prices on the beers...damn, $18 for 12 packs!  Red Horse, San Miguel Lager/Negras/Lites...all $18.  Same prices as Total Wine BTW ($9 for 6 packs).The lines really sucked...I only had a 12 pack of beer, but it took me at least 10-12 minutes standing in line.  Sounds like I am being impatient...probably am lol.Couldn't believe how busy this place was...reminded me of a cafeteria from high school lol.  But it was pretty clean though considering the walk in traffic.
4	got a large selection of filipino foods. Also has decent restaurants in front of the grocery market to choose from such as jollibee, bakeries, and more. decent price. sometimes expensive.
4	Excellent fried fish! I love the option of picking your own fresh fish (large variety too!) and having it cleaned and fried to your liking on the spot! The prices are great as well.
5	Fun grocery store with interesting foods. I can always find something I've never tried before here.
4	What can i say, Its Seafood City. The staple of filipino americans trying to get some authentic back home flavor.. I mean this place even has a built in Jollibee and Chow King! Being married to a Filipina for nearly 10 years and having visited the Philippines many times i can see why this place is so popular. Get there when they open if your trying to buy fish because it gets picked over very fast. Also get ready to wait in line at the cashier, they usually only have 2 or 3 cashiers and hundreds of customers. Its not exactly the SM Grocery store..
4	Excellent selection of seafood and very authentic Filipino and other Asia. Items. I live in Henderson and was searching for an Octopus to Cooke because I am a chef and someone outside of work wanted to make then an Octopus Tomato sauce. I wasn't sure where to go but after calling this location the person who answered the phone was very friendly and willing to help me. She let me know there was 1 octopus left and said she would hold it for me. As I was in there, the selections of shell fish and other fish was awesome. Being from Florida it is hard to find good seafood out here in Vegas so I was very impressed with some of their options. Whenever I am need of some fresh seafood or whole fish I will definitely be going back to this store. And a bonus they have a Jollibee in their supermarket. I have seen this fast food restaurant on many different shows and always wanted to try it, this place is a must go!
4	This place is crazy!  it was like black Friday!  OMG, people everywhere!  People, don't move out of your way!  I this was my first visit, but "I AIN'T GOT TIME FOR THAT" I'm going to have to figure out a time to go there where it's not all crazy!  But it was cool, I wasn't expecting a food court in there!  it's not only just seafood, its a full grocery store as well.  But they had fish on ice there.  You pick what you want.  My only thing is, I don't know for sure, but I think you have to gut it too ( ewwwwww)  I can't do it or look at it being done.   But when I want something good, I know where to go and pick it up.  I'm glad I have a husband that can do the dirty work for me.
4	Let me start this review by saying that you don't have to be Asian to shop here! A few of my coworkers asked me if I can get some things for them. I asked them why couldn't they get it themselves? They replied with "We are not Asian and they might treat us differently". I should of been offended right? Nope. Instead I said, "They will only treat you different if you act like jerks so don't be one and you'll be ok."Seafood City is similar to 99 Ranch but caters more to the Filipino population. If you have ever eaten at a Filipino restaurant, this is where you will find most if not all the ingredients in all the dishes you eat. I come here for all sorts of things like different flavored chips, nuts, biscuits, crackers, etc. Drinks like coconut juice. mango juice, calamansi juice, etc. Basically, a lot of items you just cant find at your basic Smith's or Albertsons. What is also great is the location of this place. If you get hungry there is a Chow King and a Jollibee just right in front where you enter.The layout of their place is nice also. All the way to the right you have all your vegetables. All the way to the back you have all your refrigerated items. All the way to the left are all the seafood/meat items along with the frozen section. In between you have all the aisles with all the little things I mentioned in my 3rd paragraph.Service is actually above average. They usually have enough people on registers so that long lines are virtually non existent. Most of the time each cashier has their own assistant that bags all the merchandise you just bought. So for those non Asians, just relax and shop just like you would at any other supermarket. Sometimes its ok to shop somewhere different. You never know, you just might find something you really like here.
4	This grocery store is good for those of you needing filipino food supplies. The 50LBS of Jasmin Rice is cheap and the food selections are wonderful. I do however recommend if you dont speak Tagalog then bring someone with you that does.
5	Ah, the one stop shop for all things Filipino. Yes, it's true, a lot of Asian people lounge here to buy their groceries, or pick up their favorite snacks. My parents usually drop by to pick up some tocino (Filipino breakfast meat) that you can just pop in the pan and cook away. It's cleaner than Chinatown here and the staff is super helpful. Prices are comparable, a lot of the time it'll be a little more pricer than Chinatown..Also, you gotta know when to go so that it's not busy = late at night, 2-3 hours before it closes. Filipinos usually be gettin their jollibee and chowking flow on, and you can be free to shop in Seafood City!
3	This is a Filipino market that also has other Asian stuff. You have to come here on a weekday at an odd time to avoid the crowd of little old Filipino ladies that cut in front of you...I'm pretty tall for an Asian so I'm sure they can see me but old Filipino ladies don't care. Parking can be chaotic. Filipinos are not used to traffic signs/rules so it can get frustrating. Being half-Filipino, I am aware of the lack of discipline which is a trait common among Filipinos...I can't stand it!Valerio's is a bakery to the left of the entrance of Seafood City. They have good sugar doughnuts that are super heavy and filling...and other Filipino breads and baked goods. They only take cash.When you walk in, to the left is Chowking. To the right you got Jollibee and Red Ribbon. Straight ahead is a bunch of stalls selling phone cards and a travel agency. Behind all that is a grocery store.Today, I was looking for ingredients for kare-kare for a potluck - that was my main mission. I couldn't find peanut butter so I asked one of the employees stocking the shelves. "Excuse me! Excuse me! Where can I find peanut butter?" But he ignored me or he's completely deaf. Denied! I should've talked in thick PILIPINO aksent and said "hoy kuya where is da feanat vatter?" And who would've used his lips to point to where I need to go. So I ended up leaving with cracker nuts and cakes from Red Ribbon. Mission failed! Since the potluck isn't til next week, I'd have to come back here to buy oxtails and veggies. Sweet Jesus, give me the patience!
4	I'll admit it, I love coming here!!! I get all the essential Filipino things and also get entertained by all my uncles and aunties in the thick flip accent. Every month or two, I'll take the twenty minute drive to the not so nice part of town and load up on all the Filipino necessities. (Quick tip, don't come here when you are drunk because you will end up spending way more than you originally planned.) On my last adventure, we had to get rice, longanisa (Filipino sweet sausage), soup mixes and chicken. Aside from necessities, we found Red Horse (beer), pastries and lychee. Be prepared for long check out times depending what time of the day you are here. The employees here aren't that helpful. If you ask where a certain something is, they'll just point with their lips and assume you can find it yourself. They can clean and fry your fish while you finish your shopping. If you work up an appetite after you shop, there is a Jollibee and Chow King conveniently located inside. P.S. "Eight pipty por, your order is ray-dee"
5	I love this store!  Almost all the products remind me of Philippines.  Every time I'd come here I would stop by jolly-bee and then shop for cheap snacks and drinks!  If your Filipino, love seafood, or like cheap things you should go here.  They sell so many things.  If I could, I would go here every day. :)
4	They offer fresh seafood and all kinds of Filipino/Asian items n ingredients. even seasonal fruits from the Philippines like lansones, rambutan n many more. 4 stars coz it's somewhat pricey. Their is definitely something for everybody.
4	It is one of the cleanest seafood city supermarkets i have seen.  I haven't seen seafood city supermarket so lively in awhile. I like the set-up of the place. Jollibee, Red Ribbon and Chowking is very inviting and the open area is welcoming to the public. I also like the background of the parking lot, you can see the silhouette from the strip standing from there.
4	This is part of a chain of markets.  They seem to specialize in Filipino foods in particular, but there is a variety of other stuff.  Plus mostly fresh seafood (I mean, this is Vegas...there is no ocean...but it still seems pretty fresh).Plus lots of grocery items for the Asian/Filipino recipes you want to do.  Patis, bagoong, sauce for Filipino spaghetti, etc, etc.  Overall, a good market.
5	This place is packed, the Deli counter is the worst,seems like everyone is here for fresh fish and meats.Have at least 20minutes or more to pick up something!
4	I am a huge fan of Seafood city.  I love going to explore and find something new to try.  It is also great for all of those things you can't find in your regular store, like manostein. Yea it is busy, especially on the weekends, but that is part of the fun of it.  Everyone is very friendly and the staff there is very helpful.  If you are looking to try something new or are looking for some specialty stuff, this is the place for you.
4	Great spot for fresh seafood. I feel a lil out of place there as most of the clientele is Asian, but great spot. If u want good food at reasonable price, go here. Got some nice blue crabs Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
3	I love ethnic grocery stores, it's like you can take a trip to a foreign country without leaving your hometown! Seafood City is a fun place to do just that. I've never bought much here except for some exotic spices and snacks, but the seafood department is something of a marvel. I find myself staring at all the fresh fish for almost an hour ever time I'm in here. Although the parking lot is huge, parking can be a zoo, especially during the weekends. Worth a stop if only for the educational aspect of the place. For foodies, it's a no-brainer!
4	A wide selection of snacks, food, drinks, and seafood, all at good prices.
4	You guys, I have this really humongous love-hate relationship with Seafood City.. & here's why:LOVE: I love that I can drive to a little "home away from home" market that definitely has the feel of being back in the Philippines. You have Chow King and Jollibee PLUS Red Ribbon inside. And the actual market has vegetables/fruits for your Filipino dish. They also sell balut here! But be warned, BALUT is not for the faint of heart! Middle section has condiments, the tabo that you've been needing for your bathroom to wash your pwet, Milo & other Filipino and non-Filipino beverages, and as well as your Filipino chichiria (snacks). Then you have the meats and seafood in the left side of the market which is actually my favorite because it really reminds me of the palengkes in the Philippines. You choose your own fish and put in the bag basically. Prices here are fairly reasonable. It's also pretty clean compared to the other Asian markets in Vegas. And the staff are super nice!HATE: Oh goodness, what I don't like about this place is how crowded it is in the market. It's small and two people can barely fit in the aisles. I also don't like how my little home away from home is nearly a 30 minute drive from my house. I seriously wish that they would build a Seafood City closer to where I live, and it wouldn't hurt if it was a tad bit bigger than it is now.Overall: Despite my little rant there, I would have no other choice but to come back here when needed. It's the only Seafood City in Vegas. It's the only place that would remind me of "home".
4	My only rant about this place is there should be a designated smoking area/break area for their employees. I dislike walking into the store smelling smoke. Everytime I go in the store, their employees are just standing on the side smoking cigarettes. Uggghhh!!!
4	I had to bring my mother and the titas (aunties) here while they were visiting so they could have their Filipino food in the time share where they were staying.  I've been here before, but only very quickly to get halo-halo ingredients. On this recent visit, I had a chance to browse the aisles since the ladies like to linger-shop.  I don't eat fish, but if you buy fish here, they will clean it for you in the butcher section.  The beauty section sells whitening soap for the "dark complected"--hmm, interesting, but I don't think I'll ever use that.  I had no idea that they sold frozen Filipino dishes a la Lean Cuisine:  pop it in the microwave for a few minutes and bam- sisig is ready!  There was a lot of yelling going on over the intercom: "Sharlene, please return to your register!"  Sharlene was called more than once since she must not have heard the yelling the first time, even though the rest of us did.  There was also more than one crying baby.  In fact, the whole visit was very noisy and it felt just like the name suggests:  being on the street in the city.  However, this is one place where we Pinoys can get our native food and you should come to here if you ever need or want some.  Hopefully Sharlene is at her register (name has been changed to protect the innocent who was probably at Jollibee on break having spaghetti with hot dogs).
3	I love how they have everything you need that's from the Philippines and other asian countries.  They also have 2 restaurants for you to eat.  One is Jollibee and the other is Chow King.  The both are good.  The only reason why I gave 3 stars is because it's really crowded.   I wish they would make this place a little bigger like the Boulevard Mall.   The best time to come here is in the mornings not as crowded.
4	I totally love this store!! I'm a big fan of seafood and Asian foods. They have a wide variety of everything you would need to make Asian food. I love to make Pancit and lumpia and they always have the ingredients that I need.  Not only is it a great store, they are located just down the street from me which is a big plus for me. I like to be able to just run down the street and get the items I need without going all over town for it. Downside for me is that this place is so popular that it's ALWAYS so crowded and busy. I always feel rushed to get my items and get out.
4	Seafood City is a pretty good place to shop. There is an assortment of Filipino/Asian products without having to go to Chinatown. It lives up to its namesake and you'll find whole Yellowfin Tuna down to wild caught Oregon sardines. They also carry Filipino beers, Kewpie mayo, Filipino toiletries and magazines. It's a one-stop to the Philippines. Inside the shopping center, they have Pinoy franchises such as Jollibee, Chow King and Valerios Bakery. There is also an esthetician behind the Asian jewelry counter.The location is centric; it's close to the Strip, airport and major streets. Inside, it is clean and the employees follow sanitation guidelines based on what I see. I have family in the culinary industry and pay attention to these things. The staff is okay; they are not overly friendly, but are not rude to us. Perhaps looking Pinoy helps, based on some reviews, which is unfortunate since this is business. What kept me from giving the one-stop shop 5 stars are two things, one worse than the other. The groceries are fresh for the most part, but sometimes are not at peak freshness depending on the day one shows up. Fortunately, I do not have to trek too far or else I'd be upset. Onto the bad thing about Seafood City. There are a few customers who cause trouble. A few weeks ago, we witnessed Africans fist fighting outside of the Jollibee section. They were hollering (maybe profanities) in their language. Although the police arrived, human detritus has come to shore at Seafood City. There are some vagrants who hang outside the store and parking lot who beg for money. A few days ago, my mom encountered a rude male customer who was pushing her out of the way with his shopping cart and pushing his groceries ahead of hers while flailing his arms at her, thus creating physical contact. When she told him to stop and say "excuse me", he claimed that he couldn't tell whether she spoke English or not. Regardless of a customer's level of English literacy, everyone understands "excuse me." Even recent Spanish speaking immigrants know and say "excuse me" with thick accents. My mother was about to move on, but saw the same man chatting and laughing with the nonchalant security guard about what he did to her. Mom told the security what the man did and that he should do his job and then pretended to scold the man.I think I will have to consider going to Chinatown, even if the trip is further away.
5	I bought salmon recently. It's fresh, delicious and price is good.Big parking, actually it's not just seafood supermarket. It's ASIAN Seafood Supermarket. You can find various Asian food, vegetables, noodles, sweets etc.
4	TLDR: jollibee/chowking/AT&T inside; iffy parking; iffy customer service; self-service seafood; large Filipino selection; hit-or-miss pricingSeafood City Supermarkets reflect an Americanized version of what a typical Asian supermarket would proffer in terms of selection and environment. This facility provides everything a "normal" supermarket would sell, export for the on-site bakery/deli, but then again, who wants honey baked ham when you got tocino and parrot fish right there? The parking situation is probably better than ChinaTown. It's more spacious, but lacks the cleanliness and even pavement we enjoy (I know...first world problem). The health and sanitation has greatly improved over the years, although the questionable sampling techniques leaves room for improvement.  I'm sure the grandmas and aunties enjoy the ability to select the "best" product from the gamut although no one ever utilizes the gloves or hand washing stations. But they do offer a variety of seafood that reminds me of home (i.e. Not the Philippines). Overall, it's a busy store with minimal flies, okay pricing, and inundated checkout lines. I'm sure I'll be back soon.
4	I grew up in California where Seafood City was my family's go-to Asian grocery store. It reminds me especially of times there with my late Mom with her long grocery list. With that said, being able to visit Seafood City made my heart sing. I bought stuff I wouldnt normally buy. I even paid $13 for a magazine 2 months old for crying out loud! Its stupid by anyone's standards but meh. wink*You will find all sorts of native Filipino desserts on your way in. Sapin-sapin, Biko, Pastillas and the like. You will also find whitening products just across the dessert table. Yes, whitening...Its big in Asia.The produce section is clean and well-lit. You will find the odd cuts of meat, tropical fruits(yay) and the weird funky aroma you normally associate with an Asian grocery store is quite tolerable(I promise). And when you're like me who spent all your time browsing and shopping only to find yourself too tired to cook any of the food you bought, head on over to any of the three Filipino food chains just steps from the cash register.
2	Eh. I don't love this food store. It smells pretty bad. It also doesn't seem like it has the best selection of anything. There are no scallops either. Plus they don't de-bone their salmon.
4	Fresh variety of fish and other seafood in a very popular Filipino grocery store. Would recommend if you happen to be in the area.
4	Visiting my parents we decided to go here.  Now I live outside of Santa Rosa, California, about an hour and a half north of San Francisco.  I can't find any remotely decent Asian restaurants/markets around here.  They have everything Filipino/Asian under the sun that any Island boy or girl could want.  This place is awesome and I will make it a point to drop by here every time I visit my parents.
