4	I just love Downtown Chandler! I love how it is drawing new businesses and galleries, each unique but in keeping with the classy, casual, artsy feel that is Downtown. El Zocalo is no exception. The restaurant is sophisticated without being pretentious. The service is friendly and owners Pam and Abed are always very approachable. Oh-- and the patio is to DIE for! The only downsides are, the prices are higher than your would usually find at other places for similar food. But sometimes it's worth paying a premium for location.
5	Fun place to hang out on a Friday night.  Live music and a great patio with heaters and a fire pit.  Food is very good.We always have a good time when we go here.
3	Have you thought of downtown Chandler lately? It's got a lot of personality and great Mexican food. Their patio is great. Be prepared to wait on a weekend night.I like the tacos and the house margarita. Music can be a bit loud.
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Arizona.  The food is very tasty with average portions.  They make everything fresh so there is no "slop spooned out of a bucket" like you'll find at a chain.  The carne asada burritos and chicken quesadillas are unbelievable.  We were actually going to have our wedding on the patio, but they jacked up the price at the last minute so we backed out.  But we don't let that ruin our opinion of the food and elegant atmosphere.  The place is PACKED on the weekends, so be prepared to wait.  REVISION:  I ate there last night for the first time in a year.  The prices have skyrocketed.  Apparently the owners have gotten a little greedy with their success.  A $6 burrito last year is now $12.  While I still highly recommend this place, it is now more expensive.
2	First time, stopped in for Lunch.Cute place, Beautiful patio, I sat inside though because it was very windy.Awesome, hot chips and fresh salsa, very good!I ordered the Pescado Pescado(see pics) I guess i had overlooked that the fish was fried in a corona beer batter ...........Very Overpowering flavor, I don't like beer at all, so that pretty much ruined the tacos for me. The beans and rice were delicious, though Certainly not worth $14My Husband got the Cheese Enchiladas(see pics) They were also delicious, the sauce was just right. He said the food could have been hotter temperature wise.Overall a nice place for ambiance especially on the patio, the food was good except for the beer batter, if you like beer though it might have worked for you, and I think their prices are a bit greedy.2 stars 3 wordsBeer Batter Splatter
2	Outside of the patio, not much to attract me to this place.  It is way too pricey for food that isn't any different or any better than any other Mexican place.
5	I have had really good experiences with this place.  The wait on a weeknight for the patio is INSANE.  The drinks are good (Mojitos!!) and I really love the Avocado Torta.  I think eating outside is a must though.  The live music is fun as well!
4	I've been to El Zocalo quite a few times and the only downsides are the prices are a little steep and the sangria is very disappointing (bottled).  But the patio is famous for being awesome, the margaritas are delicious, I think their speciatly (I like the pama marg).  You've got to try the shrimp appetizer with the chipotle sauce, get a whole order or you'll be sorry you didn't.  The soup that's on the menu is really good, I forget what it's called but it's perfect for lunch especially if you don't want to take a nap on your desk afterward.  It's got potatoes and chicken, maybe some cilantro, it's yummy and light.Also, Friday and Saturday nights they have live music and I believe they are open pretty late, midnight or one maybe?
1	WAY overpriced for food that is mediocre. Crappy service when I went, all the waiters were just chatting with each other the entire time. Bleh.
3	First off, I'm picky when it comes to Mexican, since I'm a vegetarian and only order bean and cheese burritos.  I've been here several times with various friends, and all have agreed it's good.  Not great, but good.  Me, I love that they serve black beans in their burritos rather than the fatty (and sometimes meaty) refried beans, so that's a big plus for me.  And the atmosphere on the patio is beautiful and original.  Margarita's were so-so too....I guess I prefer Z'Teja's, but I like 'em strong!  There can be a pretty long wait on the weekend, so get there early or be ready to grab a drink at the bar.
4	We swung by after happy hour on a Friday, and were surprised that it wasn't busy and we were able to sit right down.  We chowed on the chips and salsa, and our waitress was happy to fill us up again.   For dinner, I had another yummy black bean and cheese burrito!  Everyone seemed pleased with their food and I just love quaint little downtown Chander.  Now if only they served Z'Teja's margaritas here....
4	I have been to this place on more than one occasion and I must say that it is really likeable.  The outside patio is fantastic!  The food is good and they have a Tequila selection that is possibly the best in Chandler.  Once in a while they have live music and as much as I like it it can get a bit loud at times.  Overall I give El Zocalo a thumbs up!
4	When the weather is nice I can't think of a better place to eat.   Love the patio.  Service and food have been really good every time.  The bar is typical mex. nothing special as far as tap beer.  I'm not into margs.  Been back many, many times.
2	Update after recent visit: while I still find the food very good I have to downgrade my previous rating due to price increases and poor service. Recently I noticed that beginning with your second bowl of chips you are charged. I asked the waiter about this and he said it was because they found that they were wasting too many chips. To me these are throw-away items at a Mexican restaurant anyway. It also appears that their dinner pricing has gone up with the food quantities staying abou the same. One comment in my group was "this is Chandler, not Scottsdale! Why are the prices so high, especially for Mexican food?"I have also been experiencing mediocre service. Recently we were in after the lunch crowd but before the dinner crowd and really got poor attention / service. Particularly since the place was relatively empty.Shape up El Zocalo or you'll find yourself a victim of this recession. That would be a shame because Chandler could really use a more upscale Mexican restaurant with REASONABLE pricing.===========I don't know why but Chandler is really hurting for great Mexican food. Considering that, this place rocks. My favorite is the Chicken Mole. You cannot find that on most menus period and this is definitely authentic. I also judge a Mexican restaurant on their rice. Most rice is horrible, this place has very authentic rice (I use my grandma and aunt's cooking as baselines). Next is as mentioned, the ambiance. Great place, particularly when the weather permits you to dine outdoors.As noted, this is not a cheap Mexican joint. You would think you could find great Mexican food at cheap prices but you'll have to go to El Rancho or the  Food City restaurant (name escapes me) for that.
3	Seems that the entree's are about $5 more than you'd pay elsewhere, but you're paying extra for the atmosphere.  However, if you plan on eating inside, be prepared that the noise level may be quite loud, as it echoes.You never know when you'll find yourself sitting akin to a 'girls night out' table, with several shrill voices.Their flavorful pork verde will bring us back, but next time we'll wait for the patio.
2	I have to admit. I have never heard of this place. A friend of mine, his dad was playing there. They were busy in the Restaurant, but had a few tables on the back patio empty. So we went back to the patio where we had people waiting for us and there were actually 2 additional people there as well who were not eating, but when the server walked by I tried to order and he told me I would have to wait 30 minutes because that is the waiting time. Well by the time I told my friend's dad who was singing there, we finally got served our food. It was pretty good and a decent price. The Owner seemed to be a real nice guy, but his employees were terrible, awful. I always give a place a second chance otherwise I would have only given them one star.
3	5 ladies10 cadillac margaritas2 pollo quesdillas, ahi tuna tacos, burrito combo # 2, burrito with salsa verdeHUGE bill.The food was delicious, the drinks were strong. A bit pricey tho for mexican food. Seemed like it was quicker to go get a drink from the bar than to order it from the server. This place is good for groups.
1	I came here with a big group on a Friday for happy hour.  Our waitress was awful.  It took forever to get a drink, and I was only the third person to arrive and the place was still empty!The food was okay, but I wish there was smaller options, especially for a happy hour.  The drinks too were just okay.The real problem was with our bill.  For about 12 of us, it came out to be $800.00.  My friend and her mom split a meal.  When they brought it out on two plates, both of them started eating them.  After they were halfway done, the waitress informs them that one of those plates was actually for someone else.  Ok, fine, but that's not my friend's fault.  They should have either split up the one plate for them or not put two in front of them!  She asked the waitress to take it off the bill, and my friend was told to get out of her seat and go talk to the manager.  What?!  Then the manager told her that since she ate it, she should have to pay for it.  I have never heard someone act so rudely as a manager!  He should have easily taken the $15 off from our $800 bill!  I would never come here again.
4	The patio here cannot be beat. It is a perfect date spot. They have small lights all over and you feel like you are no where near Chandler, AZ. The live music they have is always good. The prices are a tad high but that is the cost of great ambiance I guess. I had the chicken enchiladas and they were very good. You can tell that the sauces are homemade and the black beans were spot on. This is my favorite spot in Downtown Chandler no question.
3	Their patio is a nice area, wait staff was nice as well. However the food was alright, not worth the slightly elevated prices and they charge for extra chips and salsa.
2	The food is OK but not anything to get excited about. I've tried it a few times over the past several years hoping it would impress me, it never does. There are other places I'd rather go that have more creative dishes, and more flavor. I'll eat there if others want to go but I don't go there otherwise.
2	Overpriced, small portions and very bland food.  The salsa was the only thing that had any flavor.  The inside dining room is noisy and was only about 1/2 full for during our dinner time visit.  The outside patio looked like the place to be - it is beautiful - but it was a little too chilly to eat outside.  They do have a lunch menu with entress priced at $8 compared to an average of $15 for dinner.  I would be hard pressed to recommend this place and we will not be returning - Serranos which is right across the street has better food.
5	We were on a weekend quest for the perfect afternoon outdoor patio and found it at el Zocalo. A fabulous, lush patio, reminiscent of an old Mexican villa. The food and margaritas were excelent. And to answer the question.... Would you get it again? You bet!
3	The food & atmosphere are good, but the prices are a joke considering it is downtown chandler. I've had friends say their food has been bad, but mine has always been good. Oh yea, and charging for chips....WEAK. Unforgiveable actually.
3	Went for happy hour, service was great drinks were good, but the food was SO SO.. Prices were very reasonable, atmosphere is nice. These folks are new to the happy hour game perhaps they will catch up! We are rooting for them because they have a great patio and wonderful owners.
4	We came in at about 8:45 on a Friday night and could see a bunch of empty tables as we walked in, so we were kind of shocked when the hostess told us it would be a 45 minute wait, but that we could wait in the bar.  Well, the bar was super crowded and I didn't feel like wading through the crowd, so we decided to just wait it out on the bench at the front entrance.  To our pleasant surprise, we were shown to our table after waiting only 10 minutes.  Was the 45-minute quoted wait time just a ploy to get us to spend money in the bar?  That was the only part of the experience that put a bad taste in my mouth.The complimentary chips and salsa were quite good; I just had to add a tiny bit of salt to the chips.  They had a great selection of margaritas ranging in price from about $10 to $25.  For dinner, I had the taco/enchilada combo plate.  It was enough food that I felt satisfied, but not overly stuffed.  The refried beans were on the runny side, but still tasty.  The rice had tiny bits of green pepper in it - not really my thing, but may be of interest to someone else.  My husband had the carne asada burrito; I had a small bite and found the meat to be nicely marinated and perfectly cooked.  The waitress couldn't have been sweeter or more helpful in answering questions about the menu.  We'll definitely be back and maybe next time we'll try the fried ice cream dessert.
5	Not many places you can order anything on the menu and it's all good. I highly recommend the mole de pollo, the best chicken mole dish I've eaten. Chew it slow and savor the flavor... Killer margarita's, fresh chips and salsa. Don't forget to top it off with their unique sopapilla's. Bring a wheelbarrow so they can push you to the car or just kick back and enjoy another margarita while taking in the music on weekends
4	I wanted to go here a couple times before giving a definitive review.  My initial gut reaction is that the place is a little pricey for Mexican food, but after going there a couple more times I think the atmosphere and quality definitely warrants the higher price range.Speaking of atmosphere, this place is great!  That is probably why there is generally a wait on the big-ticket nights, but it's well worth hanging out in the bar for a few drinks.  If you can get a seat at the bar the bartenders will happily let you eat dinner there as well, which is a nice way to skip the wait.  Both times I've been there the live music was a great touch.  It's not uncommon to find a man playing guitar on the super-nice patio, or a full band playing in the main dining area.  Everyone around seems to generally be in a good mood, and the margaritas are definitely good.I've had the tacos and the fajitas and both were excellent.  Tacos will run you in the $14/15 area, and fajitas are $17 but there was enough food including the beans and rice to take home some leftovers.I would gladly head back to El Zocalo for grabbing a little Mexican food in a nice atmosphere.  Just don't make the mistake of wearing shorts and a t-shirt with sandals like I did because you'll stick out like a sore thumb!
1	Automatic 20% gratuity on parties of 5 and more.  No separate checks.  Tiny tiny portions for the money.  Seriously, $15 for 2 corn tortilla enchiladas.  The rice was hard, the beans were dry.  A message that says, "one complimentary refill of chips and salsa."  Who charges extra for chips and salsa?  At a mexican restaurant...and one that' s much more expensive and less than average quality.  Seriously, I love my fellow yelpers, but this is not authentic mexican food.  It's just bad.  I understand that Phoenix has much to be desired in this area, but yeah.  To be fair this was just one time here....they may just be inconsistent and have good food other nights, but the portions are not likely to change.
4	I didn't really eat at this place, but it's a must return.  I love their ambience...Got the western rustic mexican restaurant feel with a huge back patio covered with trees and x-mas lights.  Might I recommend sitting out there.  I enjoyed just hangin there.  Dude that can play and sing Nora Jones - kudos bro!  They have live music I gathered on Friday nights.  The main band played one Fleetwood Mac and one Maroon 5 -- yes that's it....wha! Yeah, I know just a tease and the rest were in Spanish.  Regardless nice hangout spot if you happen to be around downtown Chandler area :)
5	so romantic......... yet so fun!!!!!!
2	When I asked folks at my hotel for a recommendation for Mexican food, I should've been more specific and asked where Mexican people go for Mexican food. Instead, I was sent to El Zocalo, which was pretty to look at, but lacking in substance.  Hmm, kinda reminds me of home.  The food was downright bad.  My friend ordered the chicken fajitas, and the chicken was dry and way overcooked. The spices were bland.  I actually had better fajitas at Baja Fresh for half the price.  The only saving grace was the black beans.  I had the chicken tostada salad.  The salad tasted like it came from a Fresh Express salad mix.  It was a blend of romaine and iceberg lettuce, carrots, and red cabbage.  The shredded chicken was ok, and there was a generous amount of avocados and sliced jalapenos (not fresh), but the flavors did not go well together.  Portions are big, but the food was so disappointing that we didn't bother taking the leftovers to go. Service was slow, and the restaurant didn't seem too busy.  Our waiter never refilled my water glass, which was empty throughout the whole meal.  I think he felt bad about that because he gave me water in a to-go cup with the check.  That's a first.  Go for the music and the atmosphere, but save your money and eat elsewhere.  The food is expensive for what it is.
5	MY FAVORITE PLACE ON EARTH!!!  this is chandlers best kept secret :0)
4	4 stars mainly because of the back patio, one of the nicest in Chandler. Food is average mexican, chips and salsa are decent. Service is advertised to be slow (menu says it takes time to make good food or something like that) and that's true.
1	Took clients here for a nice dinner with margaritas and good mexican food.  Almost everyone ordered the Shrimp Relleno...which appeared to be a pretty good dish.  I ordered the Enchiladas De Rez...beef enchiladas.  One looked like pork...I thought "Huh, okay maybe they subbed a pork for a beef" so I ate it not wanting to cause a fuss...anyway, puked when I got back to the hotel and three days later in the ER, the Doc says, "Son, you exhibit all the sysmptoms of Botulism poisoning".  Pretty nasty stuff...finally over it but I can assure you, never ever ever ever will I come close to that place ever again.  Good luck to anyone that eats there...cheers!
3	Just like an old-western film, there's the good, the bad and the ugly about this place. The food and patio keep me coming back. Their salsa could be a meal onto itself, often filling me up before my entree arrives. Sitting on the patio on a cool evening, with the lights and live band, takes you back to what Arizona must have been like when it was Spanish territory. On the flip side, service is usually slow and unattentive. I've had the same waiter several times and he's always been dismissive. Reservations or not, they cannot seem to handle large parties (8 or more). They're catering, while amazing food, isn't very efficient at picking up materials. We once had a party over at 9pm and they didn't show until midnight to retrieve their buffet items.
2	The only thing "authentic" about El Zocalo is the patio and live music by Freddie Duran.  The restaurant had a strikingly great vibe the moment I walked in.  Once we were seated I felt as though I was in Mexico- until the waiter came. Short story: The other IMPORTANT aspects of El Zocalo  need some revising.  To start, the waiter was less than enthused to be there. I think he only said 5 words to us the entire night.  Our drinks,the Cadillac Margarita, tasted like fruit juice, the guacamole appeared to frozen prior, and they CHARGE $1.50 for a side of El Tapatio!!!!  I will admit the shrimp enchiladas were tasty. But not worth going back for. I saw this restaurant in a magazine which listed it as being one of the top 85 restaurants in the Phoenix area.  I don't know who critiqued it, but they have obviously never  been to Mexico.  I gave the restaurant 2 stars.  Being a restaurant in downtown historic Chandler, with the name El Zocalo, you would think they have more to offer on a dessert menu than the Americanized Deep fried ice cream. When I hear the word "Zocalo" I think : busy, all encompassing, and D.F.  El Zocalo embodies the heart of Mexico City.  Hence such a big name for a restaurant with such a little taste.  The waiter told me they "used to have Tres Leches" for a week.  Then he said that no one ordered it.  ??
4	I have been here twice now, both times sitting inside. I need to see what their patio looks like though since everyone has been going on about it. In any event, I have enjoyed the food very much both times. The first time, I had the ahi tuna tacos and they were very tasty and I actually felt like I was eating something good for me which is rare when eating Mexican food. The second time, I ordered the vegetarian torta. Never having a torta before, I wasnt sure what to expect but after having it at El Zocalo, I will be having it more often. The bread was delicious, soft and warm. Even though there was no meat, there was plenty of avocado which made it filling. Their black beans are pretty good and their rice has a unique flavor to it which I enjoyed. Chips and salsa are great as well. I love the flavor of their salsa with just the right amount of kick. Also, the chips are made fresh and you can tell they are tortilla that has been deep fried in house. The service was great both times. My only complaints are that the prices are a bit higher than most other Mexican places, they make their drinks pretty strong (I am a wimp when it comes to strong drinks), and their bean dip was simply ok. It was good when you mixed it with salsa but if you didnt have salsa, it would need something more. In any event, this is a place I would return to if I was looking for light Mexican food though not often because of the price.
5	We've frequented El Zocalo for years now. The food is authentic, the patio is amazing to dine at night with the rustic walkways, band, small atmosphere light bulbs and the sense of a little retreat/getaway. Great for date night or a quick lunch. A Chandler staple.Robert Pfeifer
2	The patio was beautiful, but that's really the only good thing I can say about this place.  Service was painfully slow.  Chips were greasy, salsa was bland....no flavor, no heat.  The guac was completly tasteless.  I had to salt it just so I could taste it.  The margaritas were just ok.  My boyfriend and I went for lunch and our bill was $68!  I really wanted to like this place, but we will not be eating here again.
4	Awesome service! Great food and drinks! Beautiful patio dining. Dancing and live bands. I will be back soon !
4	I'm surprised to see El Zocalo only has a weighted average of 3 stars. My family and I had a most pleasant experience.The venue does a wonderful job of creating a Rocky Point-esque kind of feel. When we walked in we were greeted immediateily, seated promptly, and tended to by our server Kyle right away.The tortilla/dipping chips were fresh & thick, and the salsa was fresh also.Negative: the space is set up in a way that it is easy to hear other people's conversationsWe went on a Wednesday about 1 pm and it was moderately filled with patrons.I ordered the taco/enchilada combo and enjoyed it, wasn't mind blowing, but certainly above average. My wife has a raspberry walnut salad (yummy dressing!). At one point my baby dropped his bottle and another server came over to pick it up,and he also picked up our check when he saw our payment was ready The venue feels has a very family/small restaurant owned kind of feel.I would certainly recommend El Zocalo without hesitation.
5	My husband and I used to frequent this restaurant A LOT before we had our baby. I used to be vegan and their veggie fajitas made it possible for me to have the best meal without any animal products in it. Everything, including their chips and salsa, are made in house. Service has always been very attentive and accurate. If you have a chance, sit at the bar and Carlos will take great care of you. He is friendly, remembers what you order, talks with you but doesn't overstay. We have not been there in a little while because we live so far from it but we will definitely return and I can't wait.
4	The place rocks. Great Mexican , but processed high.
4	The fresh chips and salsa got us off to a great start, the carne asada was grilled to perfection, and their guacamole is to die for. Their patio is one of the best in the east valley. They should work on speeding up service a little tho.
3	This is a great place for happy hour or late night drinking in downtown Chandler: awesome bar, live music and a fantastic patio.  I finally had the full dinner experience here last Friday and I actually thought the food was pretty good, too.  The hubby got the chicken mole which was very tasty.   My fish tacos were good but nothing special.Their chips and salsa are really awesome.  The chips are hearty with a good flavor even on their own.  They are thick enough to stand up to the bean dip which is a must try item.  We love that they have Pacifo on tap but my husband was disappointed that they don't have Bohemia (even bottled).  The other stars on the drink menu are the margaritas in various flavors but since I don't care for tequila I can't comment on those.On the night we ate there we experienced similar service issues as other reviewers... long wait for a table due to lack of bussing, no silverware until after our food arrived, etc.  Our server was busting her hump but they were just way understaffed.  She managed to stay cheerful and friendly so that's a plus.  To be fair it was Third Friday that night.
1	We have been here a lot in the last year and this time was the worst experience we've had. We were told 15 minutes to be seated and it took 45. We waited 30 minutes to get the waitress to bring guacamole and take our meal order. It then took another 30 minutes to get fajitas to the table. When I asked to speak to the manager, it took him another 10 minutes to come to the table and he asked how our food was. He had no clue that everyone in that restaurant was also waiting forever for their food. I told him how long we had been waiting and he said that it only took 30 minutes to get our food and he was incredulous and rude when I said that we had been at the table for over 90 minutes. I thanked him for telling me that is now normal so I won't waste my (and the business groups I entertain) time. We won't be back.  Terrible.
3	It was our first time to visiting ,it was cute decor . Love the patio , the soloist musician was great. The service was good. Our server advise us that our food was going to be 45 minutes wait. We were OK with that because we had time. So you are in a hurry don't go . We get our food we were not impress at all. I had the chili rellano dinner , they cover it with some red sauce it taste like ketchup. The guacamole had no favor at all. After spending $100 for 3 meals, 6 beers, and one appetizer we just where not impress at all. On our way out we hear a great band, now they do have a great band . We actually stay  a little bit more just to hear the band . so we decide if we want to listen to some great music we will go , but if we wanted to eat great mexican food we will go elsewhere.
3	The food is pretty good, solid-tasting dishes for your money, definitely nothing to die for.  The wine bar and the back patio are the best part of the experience - tables amongst a paved walkway + fountain, soft lighting.. On certain nights there is live music on the back patio.
4	Love the modern look to this place and is very good food. Love the Mole sauce, chips are nice and thick. The shrimp enchilada's are also great. Just moved to area and have been twice.
4	We went here on a Friday night.  I had heard about El Zocalo for a long time but never went in.  I knew they had a great patio so when we decided to try it and were told we could be seated immediately on the patio, we went for it.  It was around 6:30PM and they had fans outside blowing mist so it helped with the heat a bit.  The outdoor patio/courtyard is a great atmosphere.  As it gets dark it really looks very cool.  Freddie Duran played his guitar and sang.  He did a mixture of some Eagles, Steely Dan, Van Morrison, etc... as well as some songs in Spanish.  He took requests too.  There were some young girls who walked around offering samples of margaritas and other types of drinks.  The waiter was fine...nothing special but no complaints. We only ordered appetizers because we weren't that hungry and didn't want to spend a ton of money.  We had the stuffed quesadilla (shredded beef) and the bean dip.  Honestly the food didn't blow us away but it was fair enough and I felt the overall experience was pretty good.  The chips and salsa were really good.  I definitely plan on going back soon- not necessarily for the food but for the overall experience.
4	Great atmosphere outside.  Good food.  Prices might be a little high but not astronomical.
5	The coolest patio environment plus the best chili releno EVER!
5	I have had two surprises recently, how AWESOME El Zocalo's is and how low some people have reviewed this restaurant, but everyone has their own experiences.  My GF and I went based off of a recommendation from a friend.    The place was packed due to rain and not being able to sit anyone outside.  The host told my GF and I 45 min and we waited about 20-25 min.  We were seated at a small table, but had no issues switching to one more spacious.  Now, for the food, first the chips and salsa were really good, kind of addicting.  We ordered a margarita which was pretty tasty, and definitely had an adequate amount of alcohol.  I ordered the ahi tuna tacos and my gf ordered chicken hard tacos.  We both thought the food was great, especially the beans and rice.  For both my GF and I, growing up in Mexican families we are both pretty picky about the quality of the beans and rice and have judged mexican restaurants on them alone.  I would go back just to eat the beans and rice by themselves.  Lastly, our waiter, Chris, was on point.  Very attentive and good attitude.  The place is a little pricey, but you get your money's worth in the food.
1	This restaurant by far has the worst service I have ever experienced!! I will NEVER go back!! Not only do they have bad service, but their manager and owner failed to even see the problem that an hour and a half wait time to receive our food was. The manager and owner were very rude, disrespectful, condescending, and unprofessional. They proceeded to tell our party that they accommodated us in seating our party of 12 because we took up table space in their patio. Not only this, but after hearing our complaints of our service the manager said that we had great service that our food only took 45 mins to get to our table. Basically calling all 12 of us liars. I cannot give this place a bad enough review. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone especially if you are visiting Chandler. If you go despite this review with a group larger than 8, make sure that you all take cash. They have a restaurant policy that they will NOT divide up the check, and you can only pay with one credit card or with cash. Apparently this policy is written in fine print on their menu. Therefore, the server did not disclose this information to our party. When it came time to pay we all had credit cards. It took us over 2 hours to speak with management and the owner about these issues. Nothing was resolved. In the end the server separated our bill and the manager and owner acted as though they did us a favor. Again I CANNOT give this restaurant a low enough rating! El Zocalo is El Suckalo!!!!
4	This review is for the nightlife, not the food. Myself and two other Latinas came here on a Friday night. There was an AWESOME band playing everything from oldies to cumbias. Even though it was ridiculously packed we were always able to find a place to rest our feet while we waited out the slow songs. Man, I haven't heard a live band play cumbias this well in a while. I seriously danced all night long. The bar was packed and it made it hard to get a drink, I wish they would have had servers. The crowd was puro Latinos. No one bothered us, no one even asked us to dance, which pissed off one of my friends but I didn't care, that's what I love about cumbias, you can dance by yourself. I can't wait to come back!
1	Worst Service I ever had! Our party waited over an hour and a half for food to arrive, we waited 20-30 minutes for chips & salsa and even for them to bring us drinks!! When we complained about the long wait the manager and owner did not want to hear it! It was obvious they don't want to improve their restaurant by listening to customer suggestions. They were rude and flat out did not care to insult US paying customers for letting them know their food took too long!! We will never go back, good Mexican food can easily be found anywhere and this place was pricey and the food was mediocre,  so you won't be missing anything by skipping this place and going somewhere else were customers are valued!
1	This place is absolutely horrible.  Worst service ever.  What's worse is the manager didn't even care when we brought it up.  Also, food sucked.  I saw someone reviewed it as El Suckalo- I agree.
5	If you can get by the "not so dynamic" host at the door, you will have wonderful food and wonderful ambiance on the back patio! I highly recommend their fish tacos! I haven't had any others like this--in CA nor in Mexico! We have always had yummy food and this restaurant beats any chain Mexican restaurant out there! It is a MUST TRY!
2	So - I must say, our experience was probably prompted by less than desirable seating by the hostess.  It was a cold night so we opted to sit inside.  However, we were seated directly in front of the door to the patio.  A frequently used door by staff and patrons blowing cold air directly on us.  Yes, we could have asked to been moved, but it was a conversation piece!Our waiter took forever to get to our table, and didn't have a busy section.  He came to our table with "Sorry it took me so long to get over, but at least I got here!".  We were both dying for the Machos Nachos, however he forgot this order and only brought our entrees.  The wine I had was great, and my fellow had a kickbutt martini.  Chips and nachos, yumm.The Pollo Asado was good, not great.  He had the carne asada tacos...but didn't even dive in to the second one, so I can't say they were amazing.  However...the sopapillas were a little bit of heaven and I had trouble sharing.Overall - meh.  The food was good, not great and the waitstaff leave something to be desired.  I have been here previously and the tacos on the patio are a great late night snack with a beer!
2	I really, Really, REALLY want to love this place, but I can't get over how much the staff sucks! With the exception of the bartender (dude with cool mustache), every time I come here I am NEVER greeted, takes FOREVER to get someone to come around to take our orders. My husband and I live a mile down the road so we always dine at one of the restaurants nearby because we like to support our community, but I can't stand how rude everyone is. I feel like we're an inconvenience when we walk in. Fri/Sat nights are cool for dancing and hanging out and the place is beautiful, but the rude staff kills it for me. Every now and then, we come back to give it another go, but it never fails; I end up getting subpar service so we leave and walk over to San Tan Brewery instead.
5	I love this place, best chicken mole ever! Great patio.
1	Went to El Zocalo tonight to enjoy some good food and also enjoy the ambiance with my wife. I have been to this establishment before and never remembered if the food was good or not. I ordered the Tierra y Mar plate which is steak and shrimp on the grill with a side of rice and beans. I asked for my steak to be done medium, when we received our orders seemed to be 35 minutes later my steak was well done and had not an ounce of flavor to it. The shrimp was so salty I could only eat but one. When the waiter finally came back to see how it was going I told him that I was not happy with the plate. He asked if I wanted something else and I refused. I had tried my wife's plate (chicken Enchiladas) and it was mediocre so I wasn't going to waste my time. At the end of the night the waiter apologized and said that the manager discounted my plate 50%. Why the manager didn't come out to see what I thought was wrong is beyond me. Honestly the only reason I will go back is for the music and the beer, my food experience was sub-par. For the price save yourself some money and go to Rosita's in Mesa or El Rico's in Gilbert. Terrible food experience.
4	3 words.....Carne Asada&Margaritas...Enough Said.
4	A superb choice for those who love Mexican food as well as for those who don't.Six of us went to El Zocalo on a Sunday based upon Yelp reviews, and we were pleased overall.  Arriving a little before 1pm, we were seated shortly on the patio (as requested).  The table was mostly in the Sun, and we requested having an umbrella moved to shade us.  It took a while, but eventually a "bus boy" complied, and all was well.  The chips and salsa arrived quickly; the drink orders not as fast.  The chips were thick, crunchy, and excellent.  The salsa was tasty but mild.  We ordered a side of guacamole which was long in arriving and rather tame.  We mixed it with the salsa which improved it greatly.   Our entrees included three varieties of fajitas: chicken, beef, and shrimp.  All three were excellent.  Though they were not spicy, this met the desire of the three who ordered them.  Meanwhile, my wife ordered the "#2" verde burrito which was quite spicy and pleased her greatly.  (Hot Mexican food is her favorite.)  Her sister ordered a "Killer Chimichanga" which was large and very good.  Based upon a Yelp review, I tried the Carne Asado, and was extremely pleased.  It was a flank steak (like the meat of the chimichanga) and was grilled "medium" as requested which is tough to do on a thin steak.  My Asado arrived with a side of guacamole and pico de gallo which I mixed together to create a tasty (but still rather tame) topping.  Two of us also had the "borrachos", a bean side dish made with bacon and onions.  It was an alternative to having a side of black beans or refried beans, neither of which excite me, and the borrachos were excellent!  Though the service was "sketchy", the food and patio ambience were very, very nice.  In the future, because of getting broiled by the Sun, I would advise an evening meal around sunset or later.  (There are many propane heating towers throughout the patio to keep everyone "toasty".)  I would also expect the service to be slow and arrive at 6pm expecting to get dinner served by 7pm.  (Basically, add an hour to your seating time.) Dinner for 6 was under $200 including drinks, tip, & taxes.
4	My first meal out as a brand new Chandler resident! I'm transplanted from Portland Oregon which has one of the best food scenes in the country. My expectations of Chandler were really low. So thankfully I started with el zocalo. I had a simple meal of caldo Azteca soup with chips and guac. The soup was FABulous! Generous amount of quality chicken thigh meat, potato,spinach and avocado. Service was friendly and prompt. Even the coffee was good. Yay Chandler!
1	We ordered three dinners here tonight. Two were delicious, and one was inedible. Each of the three of us tasted this meal, and the fish was BAD. It was the pescado tacos (I had ahi tuna tacos, which were great). The pescado taco dish is $17, and consists of two tacos, rice, and beans. Obviously, the beans and rice were eaten. It was.busy, and the tacos were GROSS.  Half of one of the tacos was gone, if that, because all three of us tasted it.The manager refused to credit us for the meal, giving us a $7 credit, and stating that "most of the food was eaten, but we'll make it right." Really? So, we paid $10 for a puny side of rice and beans? Refusing to credit us for the whole meal, and then begrudgingly and half heartedly offering to "make it right" is very low class, El Zocalo. I pointed out that we were there on St. Patrick's Day, sober and polite, waited patiently for our food, and recieved bad fish. I told the manager he can keep the $10, as at that point I was planning to leave a bad review on Yelp anyway. For the record, we tipped our waiter well, as it was no fault of his, and he clearly felt badly about the whole situation. Additionally, I personally will eat just about anything without complaint, and even I could not stomach that fish.If they were to get a new manager, I would have had no complaint. The food was just average. Occasionally, some of the food is going to go bad; it happens. In the face of our politeness, the smarmy attitude of the manager was totally unacceptable. Thumbs down.
4	Yea this spot is nice to go out on a friday and saturday night, i think fridays are the best becasue you can go have some dinner and then while your eating outside  in a very nice patio there is a guy who is singing and doing comedy,then at 9 thw band and DJ singing foavorite old school, disco, top 40 and other classsic up beat songs to get you dancing on a v crowded dance floor
1	Food was mediocre but service was awful.  Hostess apparently thinks she owns the place, waiter didn't even know what was on the menu.  Worst part was the place was dead, only 4 tables inside and half of the outside was open and they took 20 mins to seat us on a Friday night.  I should have known better.  Won't ever be going back there again.
5	El Zocalo's consistently serves up great food, great atmosphere and great service!Some of the best salsa and margartia's around and you can't beat the wonderful patio for either a group outing or a romantic dinner.The music on the weekends adds to the appeal.  I am a regular and never tire of this wonderful restaurant.
5	Went to Zoc's last night and enjoyed a beautiful night on the patio listening to the awesome Freddie Duran and eating dinner.  By the time we left live Salsa music had started playing inside and they were preparing to make their famous street tacos out on the patio.  The energy and atmosphere reminded me why I love AZ!
4	A great spot for authentic Mexican food and a very cool atmosphere, especially if you sit out on the patio. We went on a Friday and it was hopping. Lot's of great margaritas on the menu but being a purist, I went for the Cadillac. Very tasty, especially as I got to number 3 & 4!Started with the gucamole and it was excellent. Not too spicy with lot's of flavor. I had the carne asada and it was everything it was written up to be, cooked perfectly to medium rare, very tender & moist and a perfect portion. The chile verde was also excellent as was the verde chicken enchiladas and the chicken preparado. Right on track with flavors and portions perfect. For desert it was fried ice cream and sopaipillas that were close to the best I have ever had. We finished the night some excellent live  music while hoisting more beverages at the bar. It seriously was hard to find fault with anything here. Great fast service, even on a busy Friday night. It was a bit warm on the patio but very manageable with lot's of beverages. A must for locals and tourists alike.
4	Our hotel concierge suggested this place as a destination due to our large party size, and we were very happy she did.  The chips were outstanding, and we all have had our share of chips and salsa.  Our waiter was superb and his recommendations were all spot-on.  Everything ordered was fabulous.  El Zocalo is quite the happening destination in not-so-sleepy historic Chandler; there were promgoers, oldsters and hipsters inside, outside on the patio, and lining up to get in the door.  It's loud and fun.
4	What a fun place to celebrate Cinco de Mayo with the family.  Chips and salsa to start and then came the Margaita.  I really needed that one.  I enjoyed my chili rellenos and the rest of the family seemed to polish off their plates.  Of course some shared which was a good idea because there is a lot of tasty morsels on each plate.  What would Cinco de Mayo be without music? No need to worry as  El Zocalo had live music  which was great.  A few of us brave ones or maybe drunk ones got up a buggied.  I would  say this was a fun place to enjouy the company, food, drinks and music on this very special evening.
3	I would give them 5 stars alone for their back patio (EAT THERE IF YOU ARE GOING) otherwise their food is pretty average at best and pricey for what you get. The service is always good, but every time I have been I always feel rushed. The good side is your food doesn't sit in the window getting cold, but the bad is you go from salsa, food, check super quickly. They charge you for refills of salsa/chips which is lame, considering every other Mexican restaurant gives them to you for free.
4	Had the authentic enchiladas and they were very nice and if the weather is nice then plan to eat on the back courtyard
4	I love El Zocalo! I wish this restaurant was a little bit closer to us, because we would visit more!
2	El Zocalo was the first place I ate after moving to Chandler. My expectations were so low that my original review was to high! I've eaten at Zocalo's three times since then. The only thing "exceptional" that I've had on the menu is the soup. And it is exceptional. Everything else I've tried was just "okay" including the salsa's. The steel patio type charis are uncomfortable and the service is slow. the last couple times i've been in the young male servers spend their time at the railing talking to the bartender looking bored and no one out helping customers. But again... i do love the soup!
2	The prices are very high. We love this family's food and enjoy eating at El Sol and El Rico's. I must say I was really disappointed in the service and the prices were crazy. At El Rico's, you get twice the amount for half the price. The beans tasted like they were from a can and all the food was really salty. The prices and the service made this a bad experience and I wont be back. And the sopapillas are more like doughnuts..gross
4	Very festive feel and great food. I normally get the chimis with their poblano sauce; so good. This was recommended to us our first time there, and we never seem to order anything else! The margaritas are a hit and the ambiance at night in the outdoor patio feels authentic; great place if you love Mexican food. We go back frequently and have never had a bad experience.
4	Stopped by here a couple friday nights ago. I kept getting fed some hardcore marg's and when it got late they had street taco's on the patio!!! The tables cleared out around 10:30 and the dancin began. It was a fun time.
1	The food is okay, the salsa is amazing, the prices are high.This used to be my favorite restaurant, but it's hard to support a place that doesn't bother to fix their website when it lapses. Sure, it may just be an oversight, but it's the little things that make a difference and El Zocalo doesn't do them.Also, I just received a possible fraud text from my bank asking about a charge from El Zocalo a few days ago. I replied, then called Customer Service as I watch 9 charges overdraft my bank account.I'm not saying El Zocalo did anything wrong, but that's too much to solely be a coincidence.Little things, right?I won't be going here again, but I'll miss the carne asada plate.
1	I have nothing bad to say about their food, it is absolutely to DIE for.  This would be the reason I originally chose to have my bridal shower here,  the food and their beautiful patio.  We had been working with Kyle since mid June on dates and times.  We settled on a date and time with the agreement to reserve the entire patio.  I was so excited, amazing salsa, tasty margaritas and special memories for my special day.  This all came to a screeching halt with my followup call to Kyle today.  I'm fairly sure he double booked the patio, but have no proof other than the fact that he didn't remember a thing (even though we corresponded via several emails) then after several hours and endless questions he calls me back to let me know we could have only a small part of the patio.  I didn't want "part" of a patio I reserved the ENTIRE patio but now he decided it was his "busy time of year" and that would no longer be an option.  BEWARE if you are attempting to have a large party here, the catering kid, Kyle, needs to brush up on his customer service skills.
2	We went there on a Sunday, because the other places we wanted to go were closed. I had been there once before and thought it was good. It is quite expensive. The margarita was just OK, tasted more like a very good smoothie, barely any alcohol. At $8 , I had expected more. The food was mediocre. For that price I was quite disappointed. The service was acceptable.
3	I actually enjoyed this "upscale" Mexican place in downtown Chandler. I had a mojito at first...well mojitos in general should come in a short glass...so it was okay...kind of sweeter than usual. The chips  and salsa was very good as we kept refilling 3 times.Now to the main course...i had the Shrimp releno.....it was cheesy and they smothered it with some chili verde sauce. I wish they would put more shrimp but still good. The place is pricey but if you do go...sit outside...it is nice.
2	3.5 stars is generous for this place if you are looking for a way over priced trendy place with mediocre food? Then this is the place for you.
5	Outstanding food!Had the salad with shredded beef and was really tasty. No dressing needed here or even salsa for that matter. Service was great as well. Cute little place. Enjoyed myself and the atmosphere here.
4	Great food, lots of variety and I love the ambience. I look forward to going there once the weather cools down and enjoying their patio!
3	Great mex dish and drink. Wow, the margarita was so sneaky it hit me hours later. Food was really awesome. Made right and fresh. Service was fast and attentive. With backyard seating this place is perfect place to chill after long day over nice meal and drinks.
2	This place has a very nice patio. That being said their service is not that great. I may have seen my server twice the whole time I was there. There was a huge fan right behind my wife and I that was very loud making it hard to carry on a conversation. Their salsa is way too hot for me (it is very fresh though). The food is okay at best. I probably won't go there again due to the service.
4	My girlfriend and I went yesterday when they opened and sat out on their nice patio. I ordered the cheese relleno and I was very satisfied - one of the better chile rellenos I have had in a long time...lots of cheese and it was large! Refried beans were fine. And the meal came with flour tortillas, which I did not expect. We also ordered guacamole, which was also very good; however, they put tomatoes in their guacamole and I prefer it simply to be avocado and seasonings - I think it is just to add bulk reducing the amount of actual guacamole when any restaurant does that.The server was nice and she also brought me a hotter salsa, since the typical one was not hot enough for me (still good, though). It was good we could sit out on the patio because my friend said the inside smelled like cleaner (which makes sense since they were just opening); and I thought it was stuffy inside. When we walked out back through the restaurant we noticed the music was kindof loud and not appealing in the slightest. Bottom line...sit outdoors and enjoy some very good Mexican food. We didn't have alcoholic beverages, but they had an extensive list of margaritas (no prices for these drinks, so ask.)
1	The worse place that i have done in the last 2 years. it took 15 min until then took our order , then the food came 50 min after,half of the rest. was empty but the dont care. even talking with the manager didnt help ( of course he came after 15 min that we asked)again  if you want to west a lot of time ( 1.5 - 2 hours ) to get food this is the place
1	I have enjoyed the exceptional outside patio here several times. The food is average but I love the patio. I decided to call and make a reservation for our company Christmas party in mid December, I was told by Anthony the gentleman that answered the phone , that "they don't take reservations". I was a bit stunned, I was bringing 14 people for drinks and food but they told me it would be first come first served. Not really the way to plan a holiday party with invited guests, not for me anyway. I questioned the policy but to no avail. I eat out frequently all across the country one of my personal criteria for an exceptional restaurant is one that takes the needed steps to accomodate the customer. Such is not the case here. Just a side note last years Christmas party with the same head count was a $2,200.00 tab.
2	I have lived in Chandler for probably around eight years, and I've eaten at this restaurant countless times. Much less in the recent two years. The patio is really charming which is about the nicest thing I have to say. The inside of the restaurant is SUPER NOISY. And it seems like every time I come here to eat, the prices have gone up and the food tastes worse. It's really too bad because this could be a real star in the downtown Chandler scene. Instead, it's a consistent disappoinment.
4	I love El Zocalo. I work across the street and get their lunch special every couple weeks. They have my all time favorite chips and salsa and a really cool patio. Food can be pricey, but if you stick to the specials you'll be fine. Margaritas are not my favorite, but are not bad by any means. As an FYI, I don't write long drawn out reviews. I do my best to manage my expectations, i.e. I do not expect Ritz Carlton quality service at every road side McDonalds. Feel free to take any of my reviews with a grain of salt, if this contradicts your own values.
5	We went here last Sunday for lunch and were incredibly pleased! The food in this restaurant is authentic and of high quality. You can really taste the fresh ingredients that they use as it brings the quality of their food to another level. I asked the server for recommendation and she told me that chicken cheese relleno and it was absolutely fantastic! Their pricing is a little bit higher than most restaurants Mexican out there; however, he really get what you pay for as you can tell as aforementioned that they use fresh ingredients.They have a ton of tequilas for specialty margaritas as well. Now what really made it this Sunday morning/afternoon even that more enjoyable where the mariachis who were playing on their absolutely beautiful patio. These mariachis weren't the run of the mill musicians they were really talented. They created such a nice atmosphere for my wife, my mom and my daughter that we plan on going back again frequently. Here is a video of the mariachis on the patio: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iaco5JB-yJI
2	We had a party of 16 people.  We tried to make reservations, but they don't take reservations.  We got there at 7pm, all 16 of us and they told us it was a 45 minute wait.  We went to the bar next door and returned in 45 minutes.  They then told us they were just waiting on a few people to leave a table and our table would be ready.  These two ladies didn't realize they were holding up a table for 16 people, so we politely asked them to move to the bar so we could be seated.  It has now been an hour and a half and they had just bused the table and we sat down.  They brought us chips and we started eating because we were starving.  The manager then came up to us and told us we had to LEAVE the table because there was another party of 16 ahead of us.  We were all in shock.  We knew there had to be a mistake.  One of the girls spoke to the hostess and manager, asking where this other "party" was.  They didn't seem to have any idea so the manager said he would go ahead and "accommodate" for us and let us keep the table...  So we make our drink and food orders.  They messed up my drink and my salad literally had no dressing on it, but I was so hungry I just ate the leafs.  The food was OK, nothing special.  Then the check...wow this was a nightmare.  We had 16 people and they wouldn't split the check.  We were trying to figure out who owed what and we all only had cash.  We divided the check our selfs and hand wrote how much each of us gave (for our change).  The waitress was gone for 20 minutes then came back and handed back ALL our cash and said she will split the checks after all (I guess she couldn't figure out the math...)  45 minutes later we finally all got separate checks and she was sure to add her included 20% gratuity.  Suggestions:Take reservations for big parties and split checks.  Would have made the experience ALOT better.
4	Great food and Chris, our server, was very attentive. It's a little loud inside, but it doesn't take away from the fact that this is darn good food. My only put-off was the price of my wife's skinny margarita which was the price of an entree.
5	Me and my sis came from out of town (California) and we were looking for a place to dance and have a few drinks!!! It was a blast!!!! The bill was surprisingly cheap for 2 patron shots and a beer!!! Good place for good vibes!!!
1	Have been several times and service and food has gone down hill each time. Went last night for dinner to enjoy the back patio... They had a special event so patio closed.  We sat inside it was so noisy we had to either yell to talk or just not speak.  Ordered steak fajitas and there was hardly any meat in them.  My husband ordered chili rellanos and lacked flavor and very unappealing to look at. I was bummed and wont return for dinner... Maybe drinks but only on the back patioBig disappointment
4	Food is good vibe is electrifying, and the band was quite good.
4	Great Location,   Great Food,  Great Service    One of our favorites
1	If I could give this place negative stars I would. The service is horrible, the food is average and the prices are outrageous. Especially when they pad your tab with extras you didn't order and then refuse to fix it.I have been here several times. The patio is the best atmosphere you can find, very charming and beautiful however my most recent visit here was the worst, and was also my last- here's why:We were seated in a back corner of the patio near the exit gate. It's not a bad spot until some idiot goes through the gate but doesn't close it behind them- leaving a view of the alley and trash behind the restaurant. Hello- put a spring on the gate so it closes itself, thats a cheap fix.Our server was one of the worst I have ever encountered. I think a dead person would have had more personality.  He rarely stopped by our table (my drink was empty for most of our time there) and while we were waiting for our food he mysteriously dropped off an order of guacamole that we did not order. Before we could question this he ran off- leaving us with guacamole.... we figured perhaps that it came with our dinner, and we ate it, though it was incredibly bland. We waited an incredibly long time for our food. before our food arrived another server came by our table to drop off a SECOND guacamole, which we were able to inform her that we did not order- and she took it away. FINALLY the food arrived. it was ok. I've had much better food at much less "upscale" places than this. At any rate, when our waiter came by with our check we handed over our credit card without checking the bill. HUGE MISTAKE. Turns out that they added TWO extra margaritas (at $12 each) and TWO orders of guacamole (at$8 each) - now, we wer more than willing to pay for the guac we ate, even though we didn't order it, but our server was SO RUDE saying that there was nothing he could do becuase he had already run the credit card. (ever hear of a refund? apparently he had not) He offered no appology or offer to speak to management.  When we did speak to a manager, he seemed annoyed and told us the same thing. Huge lack of customer service or wanting to make things right.  Let's just say they lost 4 customers.
2	I have been to El Zocalo multiple times and alway experience very poor service. The last time I went we had a 30 minute wait, which is fine. After I saw 2 other couples get seated that arrived after us I inquired with the hostess. Her manager was standing there also and said he would seat us immediately. 10 minutes later I walked out of the restaurant and I won't be back!The other times that i have eaten there, the food is so-so and overpriced.There are definitely better Mexican food restaurants in Chandler. If you just want the downtown Chandler experience, I recommend one of the other restaurants.
5	Muy bueno!!!  Carlos pours a really nice clean margarita.  Or sip on a yummy tequila of one of the bartenders' recommendations.  The chips are served warmed, and the food certainly has a more chic twist on your standard Mexican plate.  The patio is cute, and the bar set-up puts you in the vacation mood.
5	I may be one of few to give Zocalo all five stars, but in my eyes this place is everything you could ask for in a Mexican restaurant. The food is to the T, the margs are perfect and the people that work here are the sweetest. As ridiculous as it sounds, I rarely go to restaurants with less than 4 stars on Yelp...but this place is the exception. It's so underrated.Overall, this place deserves more than 3 stars. If you give Zocalo a try you definitely will NOT be disappointed.
4	Really nice green chili.
3	Carlos quiere margarita ahora. The food was good but the service was slow. turtle slow. when I go to a restaurant it took 40 minutes before I got my margarita.
5	I don't know what all you haters are talking about but our service was awesome! There was no wait to be seated on a Saturday night around 6. The weather was perfect for patio dining and their patio was surprisingly well decorated. We loved the atmosphere. The food had great flavor, not the best Mexican food I've had but I'm very particular. I gave it 5 stars because we were so pleasantly surprised with our experience after reading all the terrible reviews. So either all you negative people had a bad night or El Zocalo had a customer service over-haul. Either way give them a try. They deserve a chance to earn your business. After all, you'll be supporting a local business and not at a national chain cookie cutter restaurant.
4	Friday evening and our foursome stopped in for dinner and drinks. The margaritas here are amazing. Sweet and liberally dosed with a salty bite. Try the house gold - couldn't be more delicious. The chips and salsa are quite good - very crispy thick tortilla chips with salsa that is just spicy enough. Every single one of our entrees were delicious. We tried four different plates - seafood tacos, smothered burritos, mole, and a torta. Yum. You can't go wrong with a visit here and the service is quick and gracious.
5	We found our visit here to be outstanding. The food is delicious and we were able to sit and enjoy a gorgeous afternoon on a beautiful patio! What a wonderful dining experience!
5	We've been in 3 times now and have had a great experience each time.  Everything we have ordered has been fresh and delicious. Last night I tried the Cadillac Margarita and it was honestly the BEST margarita I have ever had in my life.  This is a great spot to bring out of town guests due to the down town area.Only downside, which is not the restaurant's fault, is the parking.  It can be a little tough to find a spot.Highly recommend this place!
4	What a great patio for a late afternoon lunch. Relaxing and delicious. Margaritas and lunch with music and great tree coverage. The salsa and chips were awesome!!! Prompt and friendly service.
4	As you enter the restaurant a sign demands you enjoy the "award winning" patio.  Do as the sign says!  We were lead through the dinning area to a beautiful courtyard with lush trees and warm lighting.  Most tables were full but they are arranged in such a way that you can still enjoy a private conversation.  It reminded me of a Mexican version of Disney's Blue Bayou.  It was so enjoyable I did not mind at all paying the almost crazy prices for our meal and would return again.  I enjoyed good beans, excellent rice, passable chicken mole and a very well made drink.
5	I ate here last night with my daughter and I was very impressed not only with the food, but also the atmosphere, and staff. I ordered the CHILE RELLENO and HOUSE MARGARITA and both were delish and served very promptly for a busy Saturday nite. I will be going back very soon and next time will opt for the outdoor seating...as it would bump it up another notch!
3	How can a Mexican restaurant this close to Mexico be so average? Service was great, food was like so many other places. I had the Fajitas and a Margarita.
4	I don't get here very often but I always love their carne asada. Flavorful, tender, and tasting of the flame. The outdoor patio round back is great with water fountains, trees, and that old world feel.  A great place to bring the wife or meet a client for lunch.
4	My boyfriend and I have been to El Zocalo a few times.  It is in downtown Chandler, and our fave spot is San Tan Brewery, but it is difficult to get into, and sometimes we just want a good margarita.  We are definitely fans of Tequila. If you have a chance, check out the patio, it is absolutely gorgeous out there when the weather is nice.  Its a nice large patio.  The night that we went we were hoping to get some good Happy Hour specials, and upon arrival (10-15min before 6) we were seated instantly, but I was kind of annoyed with the fact that it seemed to take the waiter awhile to get to us, which mankes me think they are hoping we miss  happy hour.  When we asked our waiter what was on special it was literally one drink, and an app. Kinda sucky for a Mexican place on a Friday night.  Needless to say that was disappointing. However, our margaritas were really good, he had a more "authentic" margarita, not too sweet which is what he prefers, and mine was perfect for me.  Complimentary chips with our drinks, and then we left.  I personally have never eaten  here, so I can't attest to their food, but everything I have seen looks good. Overall, cute atmosphere, and the margaritas are good, but can be pricey.  I hate when they don't put the price on their menu, I instantly think they are priced too high.
2	"Good." This place is good. Not great, but good. The food is prepared by people who clearly know what they're doing. It's not spectacular, it's not innovative, but it's tasty, and ... good. The margaritas -- the one I had anyway -- were tasty and fresh.But everything is badly, BADLY overpriced.This isn't fine Mexican dining in Paradise Valley ... it's friggin' Chandler. If I'm paying $13 for a single margarita it better be prepared right there at my table, or served by a Mariachi band, or something. Like I said, it was good ... but not THAT good. Same goes with the food. And order of shrimp enchiladas got me two normal-size enchiladas, rice (bleh) and tasty black beans .... and it was all good. But for $17 it should have been spectacular.There's a lot of really great Mexican food to be found around Phoenix. This place just isn't worth it.
4	We love this place! Great couples Mexican restaurant. The margaritas are worth the trip. You can tell that service is a priority. No matter who waits our table they are always polite and mindful that you're content through each step of the meal. Never had a good dessert here. The sopapia's and the flan are pretty weak. So we go for the great food, the service and the tasty margaritas. Pass on the dessert.
1	Avoid this place like the plague!  Horrible service, mediocre food, terrible management.Took 4 hours to eat, and the experience was less than memorable.
4	Everything I've had so far has been delicious, I especially love the smothered burritos. The back patio has a great atmosphere!
2	Brought my dad to El Zocalo on a Saturday to celebrate his 50th birthday with about 5 other people. The waiter we had was very short and rude with us, and looked extremely annoyed to be serving that night. (I guess he figured with the 20% gratuity already included, he didn't have to fake nice for a tip). The food was very overpriced for how mediocre and bland it was, don't let the gourmet looking photos on their website fool you.  The only thing that makes up for the lame meal experience is the entertainment after 10pm. The restaurant turns into a bar/club type atmosphere, with great music for those who like to dance, and plenty of hilarious off-rhythm drunks for those who like to people watch. They really need to either build another bar, or hire another couple of  bartenders though. I felt really bad for the two guys swarmed with pushy people at the one very crowded bar in the place. All in all, I'd say save your money and eat better at a taco truck on your way there for a fun night of dancing.
3	Service 5 star!  Husband loved the food 4 star ( although I think that's generous as I didn't like the food as much as he did).  Prices and portions are a little skewed.  This place is expensive & portions are not all that large (2star).The Atmosphere is nice, especially outside.  parking Could be a problem if you go at the wrong time of day.
4	Carlos the bartender was real nice. Thought this place was empty but once you walk in you see the packed patio. Came in and it was happy hour.not a bad thing but nothing special really. Had a pretty good appetizer in the stuffed quesadilla.
4	We always love the patio seating. The food is always fresh and good. Never had a bad experience with the staff or food at all. We come every now then for lunch.
4	First time here! The host was very welcoming.Our server, Bethany,  was very nice. She attended to all of our needs quick and accurately.The atmosphere was perfect. It had Mexican music that made you wanna dance and outside patio seating! I ordered shrimp fajitas, borracho beans, and Spanish rice. My meal was very satisfying and flavorful. It will never measure up to my mother's cooking, and that's the reason for four stars but overall great service!
2	Ugh! Wanted to love this place, but from the get go, server "Bethany" was lacking. Spilled margarita on the husbands phone, never brought more napkins after half an attempt at apologizing. Guacamole came out with the meal- blamed on kitchen for the mistake. Apparently my sister ordered a burrito unbeknownst to her. After some confusion when food was delivered, Bethany came back out and using a snarky tone told my sister what she ordered and again half attempted to get what my sis really wanted. Instead of waiting another half hour for what she really wanted, her and my husband switched plates. Whatever we weren't going to argue. Long story short, my husband, sis and I have all previously been in service and the service here was definitely slow and lacking. Not worth the money for the experience we had. 2 stars was only given for food. Service was bad to say the least. Would hate to see what a busy night would be. We came on a Tuesday. Will not return
4	The only complaint I have is the portion size. I feel they are small compared to what you pay. I would say the food was good, not great. There was a guitarist outside on the patio that was fun. I really enjoyed the atmosphere, and all the workers were friendly.
2	Ambience is great. Love the band and dj on Friday and Saturday nights. Food is ok. The service, however, is horrible. Been going there for a few years and the service keeps getting worse (with the exception of Mike).
2	This was a very bad experience for my kids and I to go to ; first of all , the service wasn't great, the food was terrible and I thought it was very overpriced. I ordered fajitas and they tasted very much like a "chemical taste" . Not impressed and I won't be going back there.
2	Food wasn't so bad, but service wasn't great. We sat down waited about 10min for a sever. We ordered drinks and it took forever to get our drinks out. Once they came we order and our food came out immediately. During our dinner our drinks ran out and our sever didn't check back on us for drinks.  Our kids were thirsty and we had to wait and wait. Finally our sever came we ordered another round of drinks and it took 20min to get our order. We actually walked up to the bar and noticed our server hadn't picked up our drinks which were ready. Once we got the check it took even longer for them to pick up our check so we could high tail it out of here.
2	This is the second time I have eaten her and I am not impressed.  I decided to give it another try thinking it was possibly an off day, or maybe there was a new chef in the kitchen the first time I went.No, sadly I had the same results.  The chips were good and seemed to be made from hand made tortillas (they were nice and thick with a good crunch).  And the re-fried beans were good.  The rest was very disappointing.  I ordered two shredded beef tacos and at first glance, they looked alright.  But what I bit into was not good at all.  The meat was so mushy, it was like what I could only think of as moist dog food out of a can.The other plate had a taco and enchilada.  I did not try the enchilada, but was told it was not good either (coming from someone who loves and eats enchiladas all the time).I know a lot of people love this place, but there is much better Mexican food to be had all over the Valley.
5	We come here often! The food is excellent and fresh. We have great service and enjoy the ambiance. They have delicious salsa and you can ask for one a bit hotter and wow it's great! They also have great lemonade!!During the week they have very reasonable lunch specials!
2	Food was good but server and bartender really weren't.   Sign out front said try our Skinny no Sugar Margarita.   Bartender did squeeze the lime juice but then added a ton of Orange Liquor (tons of sugar and very sweet)  this is not a skinny Margarita,  not low carb and not sugar free.   Very  weak on the Tequila no where near worth the $13 each price tag and he sort of had an attitude when we questioned it.    Food came out wrong and even though all 4 of us heard the order our server still tried to question that we ordered it  right.   She also didn't do anything to make it right,  attitude like the bartender.   I doubt we will return.   Walk 4 doors down to DC Steakhouse,  great people,  great attitudes,  great value,  jump through hoops if anything isn't perfect.
4	Ohhhh El Zocalo....where have you been mi amigo?  I have been searching for this restaurant to savor for some time. I just didn't know its name. I sat at the bar since I was flying solo. I queried the camarero as to the different Tequilas in their selection. He said they had 250!!!! I couldn't sample them all so I asked for his guidance for a favorite. He suggested Don Parillo which was good. All I can say is suavamente.....it went down like turpentine with a hint of kerosene. No actually it was good, but this isn't your college chug a lug tequila. It was actually very funny because when he brought it out in a snifter the lady next to me asked what it was. I told her and she said...."oh, I like Jose Cuervo".   Anyway, for dinner I had the Pollo Asada which came covered in green chile. I didn't complain but never had it that way before. By the end of the meal and a Modelo Especial in hand listening to the live music of the troubadour, it took me back to a place far far away. Probably 100 miles south of here...somewhere.  If you like traditional Mexican food, live music, knowledgeable bartenders, a huge selection of good to fine tequila, then look no further.
5	food is great!!!! service is good!! music , having me wana dance !!!! love this place always a good time latino style!!!
1	Terrible service. Mediocre food. Bad experience. Indifferent management. There are far too many good Mexican restaurants around to ever consider returning to this place. The waiter seemed to be dazed and confused. The manager could care less that we had an awful experience. Bottom line: we once liked it. Now, we wouldn't ever consider returning nor would we recommend it to anyone.
5	Wow chimi that is deep fried.  Margaritas with a kick. Downtown Chandler.  Patio in the back has a great atmosphere.  Friendly staff.
4	So far this is my favorite Mexican place in Az! I moved here four years ago and wanted a good Mexican place. One of my new friends I made here in AZ took me to El Zocalo for dinner one night and I'm SO glad she did! It's delicious! Now I live walking distance from El Zocalo and can get my Mexican food fix whenever I want.
5	I first ate at El Zocalo in March 2013 while on a business trip and had the BEST chili relleno that I have ever had.  So much so when I was back in Phoenix in Sept 2014 I made a point of driving 20 minutes to have dinner here again.  The restaurant has a nice flow and feel to it.  Chili Relleno was just as good as I remembered.  Will come back the next time I am in Phoenix.
3	Late night latin bar/club. Great dancing, good DJ if you like some banda and merengue.. not alot of salsa or reguetton. Food... meehDrinks.. meehI had a great time dancing but i wish every song wasn't just a merengue remix. Put in other latin music!
4	This is a lovely restaurant in downtown Chandler.  It's not a typical "Mexican" place.  Sure it has the usual stuff (burros, etc).  But you can also get chicken mole!!  The service is good, the food is good, and the menu has some different items on it.And when the weather is nice they have a patio.I should really come here more often.
5	A wonderful experience dining under the stars with knowledgable and attentive service, expertly crafted dishes and warm heaters and fireplaces on cool nights. The beer selection pleased those who did not go for the refreshing margaritas. The guacamole was freshly made and nicely seasoned   We had the ahi tacos, the shrimp rellenos (big juicy shrimp perfectly warmed), the mole dish with yummy buracho beans, the chicken asado and the vegetarian enchiladas. Every plate was empty and there was talk of licking them. Jimmy knew his products and enticed us appropriately.
3	Hopped in here during a Wednesday night bar crawl. I guess Wednesday night isn't a happening night here. Perfect if you want a quiet place to talk to an old friend, have some drinks and not be bothered or let the atmosphere get in the way of your conversation. But we were four drunks on the road to nowhere and we each had one drink at the bar then decided the kitchen (where we could hear all the wild conversations going on through the door) was the most happening thing at this place so we voted to move on. Might come back if I need a quiet bar sometime. Noted. It's in the rectangular area between Buffalo Street and Boston Street and between San Marcos Place and North Arizona Place. Plenty of parking all over during a regular night. Weekends and during events, your mileage may vary.
2	Really expensive for what it is. Nice looking place with really average food.Would be awesome for a place to get this spot that had some really fine type of Mexican food like Dicks or Elote.The service was quite bad also. Decent happy hour food but happy Margaritas at $8 is not exactly a great deal
3	The outdoor patio is very charming with lots of beautiful plants, trees, fountains, authentic looking outdoor oven and comfortable patio furniture. It sets the ambience for a relaxed dining experience, which might compensate for mediocre food and service. It's worth a visit to relax on the patio. Parking is convenient.
