3	While attending a conference at the nearby Fort McDowell Resort, we wandered over to downtown Fountain Hills. There is a nice collection of shops and restaurants here and as our original destination, the Water's Edge Restaurant, was "seasonally closed" as the sign on the door informed us, we looked for another candidate for dinner.  One block down, we discovered this corner sports bar on the first floor of a generic office building.Sports bars are generally not my first choice when I'm seeking out a quality meal, so we decided to have a gander at the menu before taking a seat. The bill of fare (including beer and wine selections) fills both sides of a sheet, which for me is an encouraging sign that the chef is focused on producing a delicious product. Too often restaurants disappoint by overpromising and underdelivering with a laundry list of offerings that ultimately are mediocre, freshly defrosted imitations of authentic dishes.All American is a comfortable and casual spot for a drink or two and a nice meal. The restaurant occupies the site of the former Overtime Sports Grille, with a new owner and menu. The menu features typical pub grub, sandwiches and pizza, along with several enticing dinner entrees including fish and fowl. We opted for some Wisconsin cheese curds to start, followed by grilled filet and a cobb salad. The curds weren't very impressive (my dining companion being a genuine cheesehead from the Dairy State, I have a credible expert to evaluate them), served piping hot but little else to recommend them.Dinner entrees were surprisingly good. The two filets (4-6 oz each) on plate were cooked almost perfectly, slightly overdone yet they were very tender and flavorful with a competent demi-glace icing each. The steak crowned a bed of large, sweet tender asparagus spears, carefully prepared to give a satisfying gentle crunch. A small caesar side-salad wasn't particularly remarkable except for the light dressing, which was made in-house and was quite tasty. The cobb salad had a interesting presentation, with the components laid out in parallel rows across an oval platter. It was a very generous portion and the bleu cheese dressing was freshly prepared.Service here is friendly and fairy attentive, with frequent checks on drinks. There were a couple of miscues (forgot to give the kitchen the appetizer order, side salad for steaks served with the entree) but nothing unforgiveable.For entertainment you can watch one of the nearly three dozen HD monitors scattered overhead, or check out the town's amazing namesake water fountain through the large picture windows on the front of the restaurant. As it turns out, the fountain is the world's second largest, its enormous 500-horsepower pumps capable of shooting a stream 560 feet into the desert air.I was pleasantly surprised by All American. I enjoyed my visit very much and judging by the many immaculate plates left by other diners, they did as well. It's definitely worth a try if you're looking for a cozy place to unwind or take in a ball game while enjoying some good food and drink.
4	I am not a fan of sports bars, especially when there is a popular event in progress but this one has my vote. It is kid friendly, has very good food and the wait staff is top notch. They have a good menu selection of both food and beers. The homemade soups are great offering both a soup of the day and a Dave's Famous Chili which is as good as it gets. The kids menu has depth to it - not just two or three items.There is outside seating where the noise during a game is reduced to the level that conversation can be normal. Seating inside and out is spacious and the prices are moderate.
5	My Brother and I ate here while visiting our Dad in Fountain Hills...We loved it! Great food, great service and a fun atmosphere! I have to recommend the Mozzarella Caprese...
4	If I were a man I would def give this place five stars...but what can I say? I just am not that in love with the 100's of TV's playing sports all over the walls.  I can see why this place is a hit for sports fans.  We typically like to sit out on the patio and have appetizers and drinks and watch the fountain.  The food is not anything to write home about. But it  very good for your basic sports bar food. Consistent every time with friendly service.
1	Worst Saturday night service I've had in ages. It's a shame, because I really like this place normally and the atmosphere is kinda cool if you are in a "sports mood".  The problem tonight seems that although there are employees literally everywhere, for some reason there is only one bartender.  I could throw my theories out there...that the bartenders that work here get upset if management puts more than one on a shift because it eats into tips but other than that, I really have no idea why somebody wouldnt pitch in OR that the bartender wouldnt step up and insist on a hand because we all sat there for 20 minutes with empty glasses in front of us while she ran back and forth and forth and back.  At one point I said to her "Wow!  You really seem overwhelmed back there...I can't believe that nobody else would be helping you back there".  I could not believe that she had no clue as to what I was implying.  She said sweetly "Oh...I dont mind...really I dont.  It makes the day go by quicker."  I said tongue in cheek that maybe you dont mind but I have a hunch that your customers do.  She just smiled.  The owner was milling around too witnessing it all and doing less than nothing about it.  It was obvious.  The whole bar felt it.  I finally left without ordering another drink or a bite to eat as did my buddy.  I've gotta believe that this equation equals less money in tips at the end of the day than if two or three good bartenders ran it like a machine.  She sure didnt get much from me.  Sorry dear!  You're sweet...but you really shouldnt be hogging that tip jar at the expense of your patrons.I'll try ya again.  Lets see if things adjust as the season approaches.
4	OK...Well I will boost ya back up a couple of notches as I just received a call from my pal telling me "That all is good over at All American."  Apparently the owner was on top of my previous Yelp review and vowed that there will be two bartenders taking care of patrons from here on out on Saturday nights.  Like I said before, I'll be back.  I have always liked your place.  The view of the fountain, the TV's for sports buffs.  The friendly staff (especially Lauren) who knows more about rock and roll than most anybody I know...so I really would've missed you guys!  Glad that you jumped on it.  That's the way professionals do it.See ya soon.
4	Here's the scene: Spending the week with the grandparents in Fountain Hills. Rental car's been returned. And the Packers game isn't on TV. Jumped on Yelp and found this place just a few blocks away, and the day is saved! The hostess seemed like she was in a really bad mood, but besides that, we had a good time being able to watch the game and grab some lunch. The spinach dip was slightly disappointing, too much feta and not enough artichoke if you ask me. But the buffalo chicken wrap was great, as was the pepperoni pizza (after two napkins worth of grease were sopped up...). Our server, Emiliano, was great, keeping our drinks full and not rushing us out the door when we were done with our food. The patio was really nice, it was a beautiful breezy day, so we enjoyed sitting outside while getting our football fix.
3	I love the field of green salad...service not so much the bar lags on EVERY drink!!!other than that its a good place to go if your in fountain hills...
5	I was sad when I saw Yelp removed my original review of this fabulous restaurant. It is so yummy, good, that I want everyone to know. Fresh, flavorful food in an easygoing relaxed environment with a great view of the fountain. One of the best restaurants in Fountain Hills for sure. Great wait staff and there's even rockin' entertainment on the weekends!
5	Traditional menu but the OMG Chicken sandwich is to die for. Great service today by Allie. You've got to stop in.
4	Awesome, fun place!!!  Definitely try the tortilla chip trio!  Best chips EVER and awesome guacamole!!!
3	I have eaten at this establishment many times and alway enjoyed the food and atmosphere; however, the experience I had yesterday has really soured on this place.   When there for lunch, the place was busy but not nearly as busy as other times I have dined.   The difference was yesterday we were placed in a booth got our drinks and appetizer.   Seemed everything was going a usual.    Nearly an hour later we had not received our main course.     Many of tables that were seated after us were served and left.    Talked with the manager who was very indignate and told us they were very busy and that once we were  seated we could expect an hour wait before the meal was served.      I have heard of having to wait an hour to be seated but never after.    We were at this place a couple of weeks ago and they were much busier and we got our food in half the time.     I hope the owner responds as he apparently has based on other reviews.     If not I will find it very hard to return.   This i the first time I have written a negative review.      Normally I don't return after a bad experience.     Yesterday was inexcusable.
3	Went here for a quick dinner to close out our AZ trip. Cool space, but a  little loud. Can't imagine what it would be like once the bad started to play. Why do restaurants insist on live music in the dining room?Anyway, had both the buffalo & smoked wings to start. Pretty good - loved the fall off the bone smokes wings. I had the pulled pork sandwich. Not the best BBQ I've ever head, but certainly not the worst.Service was decent and we were in and out of there pretty quickly. Not much else to say. Pretty good place and did its job.
4	Good live music on the weekends, the food is good, and the staff is friendly.  My only negative here is that they frequently seem to be understaffed on busy weekend nights which leads to slower service and stressed out waitstaff.
3	Meh.  Wished it was better.  Their ribs were great, but every side was needing some more help!  Who doesn't have baked potatoes for dinner when you are eating some BBQ?  We settled for a side salad (limp white lettuce with random veggies and watery dressing) and onion rings, which were good.  All in all I guess we were mildly happy.  Just wish restaurants that go the extra mile and smoke ribs for hours upon hours would put more thought into what's finishing off the plate!
4	Overall it has a good selection of traditional American food with some hints of other great styles.  The best part is they are open late.  The only place in town if you want to sit down after 9pm and get good food!  Lots of TVs - great for sports enthusiasts.
4	The place is nice. The servers are friendly. My Sonora Dog was a bit over cooked, and skimpy in the bacon , but was still good. The salsa tasted homemade and fresh.My biggest concern was the St Pauli Girl beer....They should make it more clear that it's non-alcoholic. I admit I saw the St Pauli Girl NA name on the import list thought NA meant North America because despite St Pauli's birthplace in Germany, it is brewed and bottled solely for North America. (it is not sold in Germany, nor known by many Germans)Please revise your menu and segregate all non-alcoholic brews from the rest.Also, why not carry real St Pauli Girl?
1	I'll never let them take any more of my money.  Service was rude, food was crap, drinks were wrong and when they finally got them right they were terrible. The burgers arent any better than fast food and the side salads look like they were made in bulk the day before and frozen into the bowl.  Limp and wilted. The Bartenders are slow, rude, and dont know how to mix drinks.  If you go stick to beer.  The only thing they cant mess up.
4	Nice huge sports bar with plenty of T.V.s for football viewing.  We ordered two ice cold mugs of beer and cheese curds and smoked wings.  Curds were great.  The smoked wings were Awesome fall off the bone goodness with just the right amount of spiciness!  Service was great.  Too bad this bar is far from home.
4	I went during their $5 Happy Hour Menu so my dad and I were able to get a small pizza and a portobello mushroom for $10.00. I would say that's a great deal. The Margarita Pizza was delicious and the portobello has my Dad's vote. Since the location is just across from our "World Famous Fountain", the views are always spectacular. I would give it a 5 for the overall experience, but the music was definitely too loud. Whereas I had to use an uncomfortable volume to communicate across the table. The food was good and so was the service, and especially for the price. Cute waiters, too. ;-)
3	My buddy and I had just finished a 16-mile mountain bike ride in the area and were in search of a good lunch. We found this place in downtown Ftn Hills, next to the lake.I'll make this quick and painless. Service was pretty good. Seemed like a great local place to go watch a game (TVs galor). We waited for 45 min. to an hour for our food (there was only 2 servers, but 3 bussers?), and it wasn't that crowded. I had the buffalo chicken sandwich, which was alright. Sandwich was a little smaller than I would've liked. Sweet potato fries rocked the house. I'd give them another chance to prove themselves.
2	I've come in here during my previous business trips and gotten great food. I have specific food allergies which they were able to previously accommodate, however not this time.I called in my order as usual, but they told me they changed their menu and what I wanted was a lunch menu item. The menu online hadn't been updated yet they still told me they wouldn't give me the food I was trying to order. This to me is false advertising, and poor customer service. Dont get me wrong, the food I had was good, but now I wont be going back because of this.
4	We took my Father In Law to the All American Sports Grill for his birthday. It was a Sunday night and there were 6 of us. We went in at 6:30pm with no reservations, and had no problem getting a table on the patio, overlooking the beautiful Fountain lake. Service was great. The manager greeted us as we walked in as if we were long lost pals, though we had never been the establishment before. Our waitress was sweet and prompt, and the busser was also very friendly. Also, when my dad asked for a specific game to be turned on, they were happy to oblige. There were TVs everywhere, even on the patio. We ordered the following, with the following comments:Myself- Greek Salad, it was good. Just the right dressing to lettuce ratio, very fresh. I usually pick out odd pieces of lettuce that don't look crisp, and I didn't have to do that at all with this salad. I'm a big salad eater, so this is saying a lot.Husband- Cheeseburger and Fries. He enjoyed it. He ordered it Medium Well and it was cooked to perfection. The fries were nicely cooked as well and perfectly salted, which I can report on because I stole about half of them.Father- Very picky eater. He ordered a plain chicken sandwich, on a roll, with fries. Usually people will throw lettuce and tomato on the sandwich when he explicitly asks for them not to be. They didn't do that here. He was very happy about this. He said the chicken was well seasoned.Mother- Bleu Cheese Burger and Sweet potato fries. She said the burger was delicious. They gave her a heaping portion of grilled onions, so many that she actually shared them with my FIL's girlfriend that was dining with us. They gave her a heaping helping of sweet potato fries as well. Very nice portions. Father in Law/GF- Father in Law and his girlfriend split the Spinach Salad and the Smoked Wings. They raved about both of these dishes.They loved the Spinach Salad. Felt is was very fresh and the dressing was delicious. They both loved the Smoked Wings. The waitress told them that they were fall of the bone moist, and they sure were. They said they had never had wings like that. Father in law also commented that the Bleu Cheese Dressing was very potent, just how he liked it.On the overall, we enjoyed it. I do prefer Four Peaks' food to All American Sports Grill's but the patio is so nice and the food was good that it makes it worth the trip!
3	Hmm - where do I start? I wish we could give 1/2 stars on these reviews, as I believe AASG would be a solid 2.5 IMO. I feel a little guilty giving them lower stars, since they're a local business in my 'hood, but I gots to be honest, right?This restaurant/bar isn't "bad" per se, it just is "so so". You can't really go wrong by playing it safe and ordering any type of salad from here. Or, burgers. Ribs were pretty disappointing - dry as all holy hell. Also, they may want to consider using lemon wedges in their water. Like a LOT. Or, investing in some type of water treatment system. Why? Because I thought I was drinking a refreshing room temperature glass of weak chlorine!! Gross. Or, they could consider using bottled water over tap.On a lighter note, this place has a great sport vibe to it and GREAT view of the fountain/pond. Especially nice during warmer months - great patio area.
2	Food is ok service is crap rude waitress and bartender can't make drinks. I feel like people in Fountain Hills settle for this place because there is not much around. I recommend that you make the drive to Four Peaks instead.
4	No visit to Fountain Hills ( we visit a couple times a year) is complete without coming here at least once. The menu is excellent....OMG Sandwich and everything I have tried is worth ordering again. The atmosphere itself is great, whether sitting on the patio enjoying the park/fountain or watching one of the many games on TV. We typically spend a few hours just enjoying the sunshine on the patio and a couple pitchers with lunch.
1	We had lunch there today during the kite festival in fountain park. I purchased the sliders and they were terrible. Processed hamburger patties. The cheese was a blob. Never again until they get new ownership, which happens fairly often in this location. Sad for such a nice area.
2	I have been here a few times and I have to say it is hit or miss.  Great view when eating on the patio but shoddy servicel, mediocre food and on my last visit a very foul odor that hit me the second I walked in the door.  Good happy hour prices but very underwhelming.  I would skip it if I were you.Restroom not clean
4	Good outdoor seating with a clear view of the fountain. Excellent place to chill out for 1-2 hours, grab a drink and an appetizer and chill.
3	Alright Loves... with this place it's either you love it or hate it. Sadly, I'm in between. I've gone here before with family and it's a blast, but if your not a part of a huge party you will not get served as well. I had a waiter who would not fill up my water for about 20 minutes. The food is okay but it's not the best either. Apparetly to this place, a bigger party is more important that a couple, which doesn't help their creadbility.
1	Extremely dirty. Could have sworn I saw cockroaches running around. Smelled like sewer. However staff was really friendly.
3	I had poor service, the chili was so dry it was like eating paste.  Service was poor, had to ask for the check...won't go back.
4	went here tonight and sat on the patio overlooking the fountain and the mountains.  It was very nice and relaxing.  First time we have been here and were impressed.  Our waiter Bradley was awesome.  We had the Asian chicken salad which my dad loves, cup of tomato & spinach soup which was great.  The macaroni & cheese was gluten free and flavored nicely and I loved the grilled asparagus... I have an allergy to nickel and can not eat certain foods and they were able to accommodate my allergies and substitute foods without any added charges...The cheesecake is made in house with only 5 ingredients the way it should be...we will return again...great service and really good food, sit on the patio at dusk and you can not beat the views..
4	Review revision: since my initial review this place has improved. Better service, food,  overall a very good sports bar.  Great location if you live in FH, however every time I've been here the service is subpar, food just ok, and beer overpriced.  Owners, please get friendlier and faster service behind the bar.
5	OMG Chicken sandwich was incredible. Service from Mark was equally impressive. I love the atmosphere at All American and the view of the famous Fountain across the street is beautiful.
5	Always have a good time coming to this place with my family. They accommodate to every sports fan by having a ton of TVs and sound boxes that you can hear any TV on. They have awesome Happy Hour prices and their margarita pizza and buffalo chicken sandwich are great! There aren't many place in FH but if you are in town, this is a great casual place to go!
4	Worked in Phoenix this week and searched for the nearest place to find good food. Of course I pulled up Yelp to see what was buzzing in the area and stumbled upon All American Sports Grill.  My colleague and I decided to check it out and we were not disappointed!!Unbeknownst to us, we arrived during happy hour and wow... the $5 menu is incredible! Not only is it a bargain, but the food was delicious! We ordered the caprese salad, soppressata, blackened salmon salad, and hot wings. Every item, ever bite was tasty and delicious!!We dined outdoors on the patio with a view of the golf course/walking trail. It was splendid. The staff was great, food was delicious, and the ambiance is pretty cool!!
4	4 stars because the smoked wings were excellent and the beer was cold. Cool place good view. Coconut shrimp were less than good, overcooked . I'd go again.
1	Went.in friday night by saturday morning I coulnt get out of bed from food poisoning. Both my aunt and cousin got sick as well. Stay away from this place. Dirty place.
4	Great place! Very clean and sporty. Great bar. Great food selection along with great food. And a nice atmosphere. There's also a nice outside patio where you can see the huge fountain in the pond across the street. I usually get the BBQ cheeseburger and it's always cooked perfect. Check it out if you haven't been!
2	This place is very loud inside. They have TVs in all the right places though so if you are going for sports watching it's a great spot.  The food is lacking though. Very bland and nothing that I've tried in the multiple times I've been stands out as anything worth going back for. The service is great if it isn't a busy game night.  I've had everything from salads to burger/sliders and it's all run of the mill bar grub.
2	Disappointed today. This is usually a favorite. Wait for food was long, bottom of Reuben was soggy. And my husband didn't get 1000island dressing w his.  Great service and food when we've eaten there before. Don't know what was going on.
3	The food is decent but the atmosphere is good. Lots of TVs and plenty of selection if you go there for sports. The service is usually quite good. If you are going there for an outstanding food experience, you might want to think twice.
4	Had dinner there the other night. Just moved into Fountain Hills, so our new neighbors suggested we meet here.Don't know if this is nightly, but order before 600 and they have a $5 menu.  My hubby had a burger and I had the pulled pork sandwich.Man that was some good pork! The sauce is on the side and REALLY good. It had a nice little kick to it, too. That was a great surprise. My side was Cole Slaw - generally I can take it or leave it. This Cole Slaw was really quite good!Casual atmosphere.  The waiter was super nice.  Not annoying at all, allowing us to chit chat and get to know each other.Love a good restaurant just a couple of miles away! Maybe when it cools down we'll walk to dinner one night."Cools down" . . . In 4 or 5 months. Hahaha
3	Eh. That's what comes to my mind when I think about this place.I came with my dog and just opened the door to ask how I could enter the patio with my dog, as I couldn't see any access to the patio from outside. As soon as I opened the door the hostess freaked and said "No, No you can't bring a dog in here!"....Lady, I didn't step foot inside and my dog is sitting calmly next to me.So we proceeded to the patio and had our meal, which was pretty tasty. The servers were clearly flustered dealing with a lot of tables at once so we didn't expect attentive service. All in all, food was great, service was lacking, so I'm on the border about coming again.
4	The service somedays has a lot to be desired, but you can't miss the location and the food is quite respectable
1	Called in 2 orders of wings I did one smoked and original, told him well well done ...!?! NOT...I can appreciate a bigger wing but dose it have to be all fat DISGUSTING skin ....Sucked... Wast of money...!!!I love to Patronize local establishment ..Not this place..... I have been here before was fine for Sports bar ...Quite over it ...=/
2	Ok, food ok, service poor. This place is more for a beer than a meal.
1	Onion ring was burned. 5 pieces coconut shrimp for $10.95?? Burger bun was old.  Bartender charge orange juice for my shock top beer.
3	My in-laws discovered this place and invited my husband and me for Happy Hour. We arrived about 5:30pm on a week night and since the weather was still nice, we sat outside on the patio. We did this with the great intention of watching the fountain that goes off at specific times. The happy hour menu has quite a few food items and drink specials. As I was on a Moscow Mule kick, I ordered the Mule. My husband went with a margarita. Since I wasn't too hungry, I ordered the Margarita pizza off the Happy Hour menu. This was a personal sized pizza - more or less 8" in diameter and cut into four pieces. It wasn't the best pizza I've ever ate and reminded me of a frozen pizza, but it wasn't terrible. My husband ordered the burger with fries. I stole a fry and they were mediocre, but no complaints from him. Overall, there wasn't anything that really stood out as amazing. Just your typical sports bar/grill. The food was mediocre and the drinks were typical. Our waitress was nice and attentive, so that's the only real draw. I wouldn't drive 30+ minutes to visit this place, but if in the area, it isn't a bad stop.
3	Food was ok nothing special. They did forget to give salad dressing for my salad. Nice patio great view of park and fountain. This place is better for drinks only!
2	Was great until the bartender decided to leave the bar and go visit with a friend.   In the middle of asking her about how to reserve a table to watch an nfl game she noticed a personal friend and ran acrossThe bar to visit with her friend.   Never completed the conversation letting me know how I can reserve a table.   Bright shinny objects are this bars down fall.
1	Food is good. Service is terrible but looks like they're trying to improve. The manager Ben is a nice guy. They wouldnt let my friend drink because his drivers license was expired and the waitress threatened to kick us out if he takes a sip of my beer. She really made us feel uncomfortable. We're new locals and go there all the time and was really just thrown by the experience that day. Anyway. Foods good, service is terrible.
