4	I crave Indian food pretty regularly and I'm happy to know that there are a number of Indian restaurants in Madison to satisfy my craving.The samosa, vegetable pakora, paneer (cheese) pakora are decent.  However, the Aloo Tikki (small spicy potato discs) is very tasty with the right amount of spices.I LOVE Parantha (layered whole wheat bread made with melted butter) and the Maharani Parantha here are delicious and remind me of when I used to make these with mom.  You have to eat them right when they come out though because that's when they're the best - hot, buttery, crispy and tender.  The Roti Naan is pretty good too.  Made exactly the way naan is (baked in a tandoor oven) except they use whole wheat flour instead of white flour.  The Chicken Tikka Masala is delectable.  The sauce is orange colored, rich, creamy and has nice chunks of boneless chicken (could use more chunks of chicken).  This is also spiced really nicely.  You get a choice of mild, medium or hot for the level of spiciness in your dishes.  Medium here is really good - it teeters on medium and hot.The Palak Paneer (spinach cooked with homemade cheese) is earthy, spicy and buttery.  This is really, really good.  The only thing about the dish is that the ginger pieces were a little overwhelming.DessertGulab Jamun (it's like a deep fried dounut hole soaked in sugar syrup) has been my favorite Indian dessert since childhood.  Not a lot of places know how to make this dessert right.  It has to be lite and airy not dense and hard.  Maharani makes it just right and hot off of the stove!  It's delicious!
4	I recently went to Maharani on a Friday night and was quite pleased with my experience -- good food...pleasant atmosphere...friendly wait staff...reasonable prices...and convenient location.  Yet this was my first time eating Indian cuisine in Madison, so my ability to compare it to others in the area is somewhat limited.That being said, I found the food wonderfully tasteful and the atmosphere enjoyable.  The naan and dipping sauces were as good as any I had ever tasted.  My spiced lamb dish was so delicious I couldn't stop talking about it after we left.  Unfortunately my companion didn't necessarily share the same level of enthusiasm for her dish (tandoori chicken), but promised that it would not discourage her from making a return visit in the future.  Which reminds me...the wait staff was fantastic!  Very attentive and personable.I thought the prices were relatively reasonable considering the cuisine.  Both of our dishes cost around $12, and the food portions were sufficiently large.  The clientle during our visit included two older couples (60's), several middle-aged couples (mid-40's), and a family of five with three relatively young children.  It probably wouldn't be my first choice of somewhere to take kids, but it certainly wouldn't be out of the question...depending on the kids and/or the parent's level of patience.All in all, Maharani provided a great alternative to other local restaurants around the capitol.  When you need a break from Great Dane's fish fry, The Old Fashioned's mac & cheese, or Brocach's shepherd's pie, I would recommend heading down the W. Washington spoke of the square and hit Maharani.
4	Recently, I had an extremely stressful and contentious day at work and I could think of nothing I wanted more than to visit the Maharani buffet for lunch.  So then I did.  That's how good it is.
2	I love Indian food, but not "any" Indian food. While the dining room is clean, and the service is decently good, the food is anything but lackluster. I went to a buffet lunch with friends, and was not at all impressed or even pleased with the food. On the buffet menu are lentil ball appetizer that's covered in yogurt sauce (I forgot the name ... shame on me), pilafs, 2/3 different type of curries (lamb meat and vegetable ones), and few other items that I didn't try. There are also desert, too. Some of my friend particularly liked the balls covered in honey sauce (again, I forgot the name of the dish, but that's what it is).   I'm not saying that the food is bad, it's OK, but not much more. My two Indian friends also share the same review - they told me to go somewhere else for more authentic food.
3	Very average food...at least for the afternoon buffet! I'd much rather go to Maharani on Odana or India Darbar a few blocks away on Odana as well.
4	How can you not love their lunch buffet?  $8.95 (I believe) for tons and TONS of really pretty damn good Indian food.  It's a touch greasy, which makes it a great cure for a mild hangover.  Their samosas are above reproach, and the best days are when they have some kind of saag!
5	This is my choice for Indian food. I go in for the buffet so i don't have to choose which one i want. Favorite would be the curie chicken.
4	I had never ever tried Indian cuisine before coming to Maharani a year ago.  I don't know exactly how that happened given that in high school (and to this day) I was obsessed with Red Dwarf, and if chicken vindaloo was good enough for Dave Lister it sure as hell was good enough for me.  Yet throughout all of my years in college I never had the chance to have a proper curry.  Part of the reason had to be at that time there were no Indian restaurants downtown to my knowledge.  I knew about the ones on Odana but I never drove out that way, so they just remained on the long list of places to go someday.  I also spent a good deal of my later college years frequenting mostly Thai restaurants whenever I had enough scratch to get a proper meal.  So it somehow came to be that I entered my late twenties knowing only that I loved Thai curry, with a huge question mark relating to Indian food.Fortunately I've got a good group of friends that would not let this aberration stand.  One rainy spring night last year we were all arguing about our respective favorites in town, and I let it be known that I'd never tried anything Indian save a curry-flavored ramen one unfortunate time.  We went to Maharani because it was their agreed upon favorite.  I can now say that it is also mine.  It was one of those times when you experience something that in retrospect you don't know how you ever got by without.  I liked everything about Maharani.  My chicken shahikorma, medium spice, was the perfect starting point.  On return trips, and there have been many, I've fallen in love with the chicken shahjahani, the lamb jalfrazie, and the paneer - Oh boy do I like the paneer.  Yet writing this review I realize the one thing that I've not done is the chicken vindaloo.  Next time, for sure.I'm not usually downtown around lunch, so I've never tried the buffet.  It sounds interesting, but I've been told that the Odana restaurants are superior in this regard.  I can't say one way or another.  I would easily give Maharani five stars except for one drawback: the service can be frustratingly slow.  Sometimes it's exceptional, but more than a few times I've sat at the table, papadams long gone, spooning nibbles of the onion relish, with an empty bottle of Kingfisher, just waiting to order.  I like the place too much to ever stop going, but that kind of thing drives me crazy.  Still, even with the occassional wait I put Maharani at the top of my list of Madison favorites.
5	This is the best Indian restaurant I've ever been to!  I've tried quite a few of their many vegetarian items, but always come back to the palak paneer and veggie pakora to start.  I'm typically not a fan of buffets, but Maharani keeps it very fresh.  The servers have always been very friendly to me, and I love the fact that the dining room is so quiet.  Also, there is actually a difference between mild spice, medium spicy, and hot spicy, which hasn't always been my experience at other restaurants.
4	one of my favorite places to go on a special occasion or when i'm feeling down. the palak dosai will cheer me right up. mmmmm. the only complaint i would have is that the waiters are TOO good at what they do. they come by the table about once a minute. you have to fight to hold onto your plate, they want to clear it right away.
5	Once you get over the fact that you seem to be the only person talking in the restaurant because it's such an expansive place, you get lost in the large, delicious portions and steamy, buttery naan. The place doesn't look fancy enough for the prices on the dinner menu (about $13-16), but the food is good enough to avoid regret. If you don't want anything specific, the buffet is well worth it- all of the dishes always look steaming hot and fresh and there are at least 20+ different items (plus dessert) to choose from...all for only $8.95.in fact, i wish i was there right now.
5	The lunch buffet is delicious and expansive.  Best of all, it's cheap!
3	Average is the best word to describe Maharani's lunch buffet. There salad/chutney bar takes up half of the buffet, and I would have like to have seen more vegetarian options. The food is tasty but I found the breads to be really dry. The staff knows how to get the job done but doesn't go out of their way to be friendly. The atmosphere is comfortable but not creative. If you want an Indian dining experience in Madison that's better than average, I would recommend Taj on Park Street or Maharaja on Odana.
2	Lunch Buffet on a weekday.  Handful of people.  I think I'm missing something, considering all the great reviews.  The selection is impressive.  But it's all very mediocre stuff.  I just don't get it, I really just don't...  The chili chicken was like general tso's chicken (with 'indian' flavor).  The chicken tikka wasn't even fried, and the sauce was bland.  The samosas were oily and bland.  The garlic naan was dry.  The chutneys were also just blah (mint and coconut).  Same for the fish - bland, boring, no fish taste whatsoever.  Really, just like a Chinese buffet, only "indian-flavored."  Massive amounts of mediocre food.  (And don't give me the price.  I've had dirt cheap indian/pakistani stuff that's delicious.)  Besides, 10 bucks for lunch is not cheap.
4	Been back.  They had some kind of lamb dish on the buffet.  I love lamb so I fished the meat out and just ate that, the onion chutney (it's a nice moderate spice level), naan, and rice.  I think I put away about 2 lbs of lamb.  So for 9 dollars - that's not a bad deal.  Only problem - you can't predict when they'll have the lamb and when they won't.  bah
4	There are a few Indian restaurants in Madison that offer a lunch buffet.  This one is definitely my favorite.  I find the location much brighter and cheerier than the other ones, and I really enjoy their selections in their lunch buffet.  They have the pretty traditional offerings and they always have samosas with a tamarind chutney and a green coriander chutney and some other ones.  I pretty much only pay attention to these two kinds of chutney.  They also usually have some kind of grilled dish simmering on the buffet line with onions and cabbage.  The few times I've been there, it's been chicken or fish.
3	I've been here 3-4 times and as far as Indian buffets go in Madison this one does the job. They tend to have a variety of vegetarian and meat items and the sassiest/spiciest onion chutney I have found in Dane County. I prefer India Darbar, but when I don't want to leave the confines of downtown this is my first choice.
4	Good food.  I would suggest ordering the food off the menu instead of the all-you-can-eat, cuz it's just not as good.  The menu food is a lot of food anyway.  it's cozy too.  Ambience has room for improvement.
5	Fantastic selection, and our 3 little kids (4 and under) ate well and were taken care of nicely by the staff (high chairs, cups with lids, etc.).  The only thing that I could complain about was that my husband said it wasn't spicy enough, but he likes it super-duper-hot.  I like it more flavorfully-spicy, if that makes sense.  We've eaten at a lot of Indian restaurants in different areas of the country and in Europe, and this one was excellent.
5	This is an excellent place to come on a date or for a nice conversation with friends. The food is excellent, from the appetizers right down to the mango ice cream. We got the $40 non-veggie meal for 2, and it was amazing. Very good, decently priced place to bring a date for a romantic night.Service is also very good and polite.
5	Ate here for lunch yesterday.  I've probably visit this restaurant every time i'm in Madison.  I love the buffet! Great choices.  Not much to add, but the desserts are great as well.
2	Food is okay but service need to be improved.Appetizers were as cold as made day before. Bread/ Naan came 10 minutes after getting curry dishes.Waiter does not even make an eye-contact. Need to ask for dishes 2-3 times on weekday evening. Do Not visit restroom- if you do so you will not eat food. It need to be cleaned.  Not at all worth the cost.
1	Avoid at all costs - found chewed up bubblegum in the foodWe found chewed up bubblegum in our food during lunch buffet.  What is worse is that the manager refused to throw out the dish from the buffet and replace the contents.  People, this is a bad sign since they are willing to cut corners and worse to save a few bucks.  Anyways why would they spit out gum into the food?  This is so gross!  I will not go there again since I am sure that they really don't give a damn about their customer's health and would rather have us get sick than waste a couple of bucks.
5	I can't believe there are any reviews that are less than 5 stars for this place. I lived in Madison for a year and I ate at Maharani almost every week, sometimes for multiple meals.This is my favorite Indian restaurant, and that's saying a lot. My mother grew up in India, and she and her parents agree that it's really excellent.The lunch buffet is definitely the best time to go. Unlike many of Indian places that I've been, they do a great job of both having a LOT of options and changing them regularly.The staff is very friendly, and they definitely remember their regulars. I always went with one friend and when he moved, they asked me for updates on how he was doing.Take-out is great too, as it's usually filling enough to last for multiple meals.
3	We went for the lunch buffet.  I did like some things--the samosa, mango ice cream, and gulab jamun were excellent--but everything else was mediocre.  We live not far from Devon in Chicago, so we are probably spoiled.  Still, it was my least favorite meal on our vacation in Madison.
3	Swagat is better, plus I have never felt quite so much like I was in a drive through ... unless I am actually in a drive through. Yes I know it is a lunch buffet and that's the way it is. I think it's because of the way the cashier asked me "How was everything sign here please thank you come again" that did it.
3	I was in town on business and it was close to my hotel.  I was a solo diner, and my service was not very good, but the food was.  I'd go back, but bring a book again to keep myself busy while I waited to be taken care of.
5	It's not easy to write this review, because this is currently my favorite restaurant in Madison. With a massive menu that incorporates dozens of different varieties of curries, vegetable dishes, tandooris, biryani, and anything else you can think of, Maharani never gets old. And they manage to execute every dish on their menu with utter perfection, meaning that I have yet to make a visit that I did not completely and fully enjoy.I start every meal at Maharani with the samosas, stuffed fried potatoes/other veggies which have been spiced in a unique way that I haven't tasted anywhere else. I would describe it as resembling za'atar, a common Palestinian spice, but that's still a bit off and my description can't really do it justice. I tend to ignore all the other appetizers on the menu because while they're all good, the samosas are absolutely unmatched. They also bring out to every table a thin crispy bread along with 3 sauces for dipping. One is sweet, one is spicy, and one manages to pull off both at the same time - it is truly an experience in itself.I should indicate that Maharani is a vegetarian's paradise; I am a voracious meat-eater and would easily forgo it for any of the vegetable dishes here. Thoughts of the paneer tikka masala, for example, often get stuck in my head all day. I can't spend too long writing about it or I will start fiending for it and go crazy until I get my fix. Think soft, chewy cheese inside a thick orange sauce that has just a hint of sweetness and a heartiness that makes it perfect for dipping bread or pouring it over rice.When you open the menu, you'll notice literally dozens of dishes. If you don't want to spend all day looking at this menu, you need to decide what kind of dish you want. If you pick curry, you have 3 pages alone and need to narrow it down by meat type. I highly recommend the lamb. It always comes perfectly cooked, soft and fatty and practically falling apart when you stick your fork in it.I do, however, have to take issue with the poor service here. Their lack of speed and attentiveness seems to be a consistent problem, perpetuated by a unorganized system of incompetent waitstaff. There is one girl there who seems to stand around with no idea what she's doing half the time, and she usually ends up taking part of my order and leaving the rest of my service to someone else. I once waited about half an hour just to order my main course.However, I persist with 5 stars because the quality of the food more than makes up for the waitress who tends to get lost in space. I fucking love Maharani. I could eat at this restaurant every day for the rest of my life and would never get tired of it. Maharani makes me want to move to India and become a hermit just for the food.
5	This place was very authentic. When you walk in and see the fennel seeds and smell the curry in the air, you know you're in for some savory goodness. I had the Aloo Chole and shared a Mixed Grill. Everything was flavorful and well made. Would definitely go back for the Tandoori Chicken.
4	So far my favorite Madison Indian restaurant.  Everything's always been fresh and tasty, and there are SO many choices!  The staff is friendly but a tad slow, but nothing to be annoyed with at all.  My first recommendation if someone asks for a good Indian buffet or sit down dinner!
5	Maharani is always at the top of our to-eat list: the food, the service, the location, the FOOD! all make this a really top-notch Indian restaurant.  I know that the dinner menu is great, but we hardly ever make it here for dinner, just because the lunch buffet is so impressive and reasonably-priced (there's a student discount, too). The naan is baked fresh and brought right to your table, the chutneys and sauces complement the food nicely, the samosas are perfectly dense and crispy, and the spices in the main dishes are just right (even though I could probably take it a little spicier).  And the waiters are always so attentive--Preet is especially wonderful! I love Maharani!
5	Avoid the chicken pakora - it tastes like half-assed, microwaved Indian chicken fingers. And unless you're a huge fan of spinach, I would advise that you steer away from the spinach dishes. While I recognize that they would be good to a spinach lover, the flavor (or lack thereof) of the spinach tends to overwhelm everything else in the dish. Also, though my girlfriend swears by the dosa, I find it to be a little bland.Oh well, turns out there are some occasional bad dishes here. Still, everything else is awesome.I highly recommend the lamb or beef shahi korma. Definitely one of the best things I ever ate. It's steeped in this delectable orange (the color, not the flavor) cream sauce which contains ground-up cashews that are both impossible to distinguish from the sauce, and impossible to not notice in the taste. And who ever thought that raisins match so well with red meat? The chef's special naan is also god damn amazing. Dip it in everything.
5	We LOVED this place! We had the tandoori chicken, tandoori mixed grill and naan. Everything was so flavorful we wanted to keep eating even though the portions are so big you shouldn't clean your plate. We went at dinner on a Wednesday night, so it was pretty empty, but the service was excellent. Maharani just became one of our favorites in Madison!
4	Great buffet. Great price.
4	While I'm not an expert on Indian cuisine I eat Indian fairly regularly all over the US. I like to compare my favorite dishes at different places and no place cooks every dish perfect therefore my review is based on the dishes I ate. I ate here on a Saturday night and it was not crowded, no wait. The decor and ambiance is like most Indian restaurants not exactly pleasing mostly slightly worn out and not too tidy. The staff was not exactly brimming with enthusiasm but, were OK. The food was good I had Mulligatawny soup Chicken Tikka Masala and plain naan and everything tasted very good. Over all a pleasant experience.  I will definitely come back when I'm in Madison.
5	Soak your soul in cream and calories. This is the most delicious, most comforting winter food you can imagine.
4	These guys have the best of a number of classic Indian dishes in town. Unfortunately not the best mango ice cream or gulab jamuns in town but I'm more of a savory guy anyways. I never knew I liked goat until I tried Indian food! Great job Maharani!
4	Good Indian food. I was taken by the variety in the desserts and the food selection in the buffet. The nan was great, and the veg biryani was fabulous. I couldn't get enough of the gajar halwa either! Definitely one of the to-go places near campus for Indian food.
5	The buffet is amazing.
5	I went to this restaurant today. Great atmosphera, awesome food. I had fish masala and cheese naan ($18.88 with tax). Also, it was surprising that the entree includes also big bowl of rice (they chrge extra in Indian House for 3 times smaler amount of rice).Definitely will come back when visit next time Madison.
5	Was in Madison for a wedding and was staying at the Hyatt downtown which was across from this restaurant. Reviews were good so decided to try out the lunch buffet and I was not disappointed. They had a bigger than normal selection of items and most importantly it was all fresh. A lot of times indian buffets have food that feels like it is a day or two old but this place each and every item was fresh. The goat curry was da bomb, the meat was tender and the curry had the perfect zing to it. The tandoori chicken was extremely good and fresh and so was the chicken tawa tikka. They even had one indo-chinese item, i.e. chicken manchurian which most indian restaurants screw up really badly but this one was by far one of the best I've had (probably second only to the restaurants on Oak Tree in Edison, NJ).  I focused my attention on the non-veg but my wife is veg and she said the veg items were pretty good too. The paneer makhni was the only item she said wasn't all that. What else, hmm ... they have outdoor seating which is nice and the decor indoor is nice too. Oh yes, they have a good selection of Indian beers as well as Indian wines (which is rare).
2	Food was pretty good, however the service was a problem. We were seated right away but then waited for an interminable period with no one coming to our table. Some other tables that came in after us were waited upon promptly. After a while it got so bad that I got up and asked the hostess what was up with this. She ended up waiting on us herself but didn't seem real happy about it. In the meantime the rest of the waitstaff continued their erratic and distant behavior. To top it all off after I visited this restaurant someone used the credit card info to order $600 worth of coffeemakers. I'm thinking there was a connection.
3	Maharani's lunch buffet has a large selection, and based on the clientele, it seems appropriate for both Indian and non-Indian palates. I don't claim to know Indian food well, but I tried two Indian restaurants in Madison, and I preferred the other, though the food here was not bad by any standards. I really enjoyed the goat curry.
5	Lunch is best time to go - lunch buffet is amazing and a good value.
4	An excellent lunch buffet with wide variety and delicious food.  You really can't go wrong with the lunch buffet.
5	I've only ever had takeout from this restaurant, but so far I've been seriously impressed with the quality of the product. We've ordered the lamb vindaloo and the chicken tikka masala on both occasions, and I have been blown away by the flavor, consistency of the sauces, and high quality rice. I am anxious to go back to visit in the restaurant to see if the service in-house matches up to the takeaway experience. It is evidently a family run business and you can taste the difference in the recipes.
2	The residential apartments above Maharani have serious cockroach problems.
3	I keep realizing that it's really unfair for me to expect amazing ethnic food in Madison--it's especially unfair to compare it to what I can get in NY. Of course, that won't stop me from doing it, so here goes...Maharani is solid. Their lunch buffet is solid. The food is good, but certainly nothing special...and at $12 for the lunch buffet, it's also overpriced. Whenever yo make food en masse for a lunch buffet, stuff is bound to get dry--that's how I felt with some of the food they had out. On the plus side: Good rice pudding (apparently I'm the only one who eats it), good goat curry, nice (but basic) chicken tikka, good baji, and decent paneer. Minus side: Fish was dry, we weren't given enough naan (I attribute this to the service), and the lamb they had was way, way overcooked.So, would I go back? Probably, especially since it's a group favorite of ours--we only go for lunch, though, and every few months at that. Three stars seems appropriate--it wasn't anything out of the ordinary, and it's certainly incomparable to what I can get on Curry Row (6th Street) or Curry (Murray) Hill.
2	Great food.  Buffet seems bigger than the one at Maharajah.Problem...... A cockroach ran up the wall behind my wife.   Waiter killed it.  No manager stopped by.  Needless to say we paid for our meal.  We never went back.  A shame too.   We really liked the food!
1	Do I really have to give them a whole star?  My husband says yes, and that at least the food wasn't moldy.   Lacking was this restaurant's calling card for a one time visit.  The food was solidly mediocre.  The decor was pedestrian.  But the service, oh the service, earned a tails-up penny.  Awful, just awful.  Our Server failed to address an empty soda glass, did not offer additional Naan, and reopened the blinds after we shut them to block the bright sun.  We did not find chewed gum or stones in our food, so at least we can't complain that they were actively trying to kill us.  All that being said, the mold would have added more character.
4	The food is really great. I can't tell you whether it is authentic, but it doesn't scream fake Americanized indian food. It also doesn't scream obsessively authentic is a way that will be distracting. It is that happy medium - somewhere between exotic and comforting.Warm, creamy, rich, curries to die for on a winter day (so, six months per year).The naan is awesome.The mango lassis...mmm.
5	The food was amazing! We tried the lunch buffet - excellent! Will definitely go back when I'm back in Madtown!
3	The  all-you-can-eat buffet is fun for me as a hardy, yet mainly vegetarian eater. The well-dressed waiters may look slightly disapproving if you attempt to taste EVERYTHING in one lunch hour, but they will not block your path either.  Being less familiar with Indian cuisine, I would appreciate more translation of what the colorful dishes were steaming before me.
3	It's fine Indian food, but certainly no more than that.  Go to Royal India, Tandoor or Bombay Sweets in Milwaukee for real Indian.  Somehow they manage to make most of the food taste the same, and even with the heavy cream-based sauces used in many of their curries, pretty non-flavorful.  That said, for Madison, this is about as good as it gets.  My daughter and I did the buffet, the place was crowded.  The service was terrific, which I was concerned about after reading the reviews, but they've obviously taken that seriously, they were VERY attentive.  The prices are high (12.95 for buffet for me is cool, but my 11 year old doesnt eat as much and they have no kid buffet price).  Nice atmosphere.  We'll go back.
2	I've been here twice. It seems both times, they had the same items in the buffet. Service was poor - none of the wait staff say anything to you until you pay the bill. We were seated by the window and a neon sign that was making a loud noise and smelled like it was burning or going to catch fire. The food was ok - the samosas were subpar, Maharaja on the West side seems to have the best tasting food and the most options for vegans/vegetarians.
4	Got chicken and mushroom curry, and two stuffed breads. I'm pretty good with spicy food, raised on schezuan food, but a little surprised by the medium heat on the curry, more like full vindaloo at most Indian places I've had. Still tasty, chicken very tender, all dark meat I believe, which is unusual, but I liked it and definitely not dry. Reason not five stars was the naan was a little soggy and barely had any chicken or veggies in them. I wasn't excpecting a calzone, but usuall stuffed naan a little more generous. Service was good, very nice lady. Will order from again next time I'm in town.
4	Certainly enjoy the variety. Keep in mind service can be spotty and not as sharp. The food really is good to compensate.
4	Ah, Maharani... you might be my new comfort food.  Indian food has never really been my thing, but am guessing I've either ordered wrong or been to some pretty bad Indian restaurants.  Went for the first time last week with a group of four people, one of whom dines there fairly frequently.  Very attentive, unobtrusive service.  I've been craving the Butter Chicken & Palak Paneer (spinach cooked with homemade cheese) scooped up with the garlic naan every day since my visit.  So much so, that I need to end my review and go get some carry out.
4	The lunch buffet is awesome! You can get mild, American-friendly dishes like chicken tikka masala and more authentic fares, such as goat meat. The buffet alOfws you to try tastes of everything, and go back and get more of what you love. The naan is delicious and the tikka masala is the perfect thing for a cold day. I know it's not something that is typically done, but one of my favorite things to eat at Maharani is a few of the gulab jamun with some mango ice cream in the same dish. Lovely combination of textures, and hot and cold. So tasty, and the perfect way to end a meal!I would probably visit just for the smells!Service is good, water glasses are constantly filled and plates are cleared quickly.
1	No offense but I have to say a big no-no to this place. I once wrote the review but was filtered by Yelp. But hey, I have to say the truth - at least from my end.I didn't want to waste my time writing for them. It was a very bad experience. The service was bad and I can find a better place for the taste. I actually hate to write a bad review, but well, I have to say what I've to say.Hubby and I decided not to give it another shot.
4	The Maharani Restaurant is comparable to its sister restaurant on Odana, except the ambiance is a little nicer at this location. I did notice that the service was a little spottier here though - neither as quick nor as thorough as the Odana restaurant. Although the Maharani was nearly empty at 9PM, the servers rarely checked on us. Regardless, the food was great. They served the same complimentary flatbread appetizer with the three chutneys, and THEY HAD CHANA MASALA ON THEIR MENU!!! I was so excited. I probably should have ordered it mild though, because medium was a little too spicy for me. Edible, but definitely not as enjoyable as I'm sure it would have been if I'd been able to chew and swallow without blowing smoke out of my ears. My friend's samosa chaat wasn't bad either - although neither of us expected it to be a plated dish...or to be so heavily topped with chickpeas. I think we were both expecting regular, fried dumplings filled with a potato/pea mix. Still, the perfect place to get your Indian food fix in Madtown. (: MmmMmMmm.
4	The lunch buffet here is just awesome. It seems like something different is on the buffet every time we go. The water that heats the buffet is always steaming.We really enjoy going here.
1	there is water leaking unhygienic food.
2	I used to go to this restaurant often and enjoyed the jovial very friendly staff and reasonably good (sometimes very good) food in the buffet. Now I had not been there for a while, but went for lunch buffet today- with a guest, unfortunately. There seems to have been a change in ownership and/or staff. The demeanor of the new staff was very sour. Especially the woman who works there looked like it would be very painful for her to crack a smile or utter a friendly or welcoming word. The men floated around like shadows- forget about any personal touch. I felt very uncomfortable.For the food-- I used to love the Rasam soup. Now it was more like a super salty brine. There also were really no vegetables-- the only choice was a mushy broccoli/potato mush. Broccoli is not even a real Indian vegetable. The grilled fish was reasonably good, as was the biryani (hence two stars). Finally, the restaurant no longer offers free parking, as they used to in the adjacent garage. One now has to search for paid street parking, making it much harder to eat here.So- if you ate here before and liked it-- be warned on all accounts. There are better Indian food options in the Madison area, e.g. Taste of India on Monroe Street, and Swagat in Middleton- both of which also have convenient parking.
3	Still good but the quality and the service appear to be on the decline. Both used to be above average.
5	We just love this place. We live nearby and whenever we decide to go out to eat, it's really, really easy -- too easy? -- to decide on Maharani. They've memorized our orders. One time, a waitress just had our orders written down before even coming over to get the orders from our friends.For a while, I tried out a lot of different vegetarian curries, trying to find my "signature" one. (When we lived in Berkeley, I always went to an Indian/Nepalese place that had a pumpkin kofta ... Oh, that pumpkin kofta ...) Derek was doing the same.And then one day we went for a lunch buffet. And I got to try: GOBHI MANCHURIAN.I felt like a whole new flavor scape of delicious was opened up in my brain. I love it. I love it so much. It's hard to not eat it too fast and get heartburn. The cauliflower is so tender and the sauce is amazing. It also comes with red & green bell peppers and onion. My mouth is watering, y'all.Derek gets the chili chicken. He pretty much has the same experience, except his nose runs a little more because he likes it quite spicy. Masochist?Service always tries to be friendly. They give water a little *too* much -- you take a sip, and your glass is filled. It's cute, though, by now. The only annoying thing is that their phone connection is really bad, so it's terribly hard to hear them when you call for pick-up .... which I might have just done right now ....
4	lunch buffet: tasty food, great selection, nice ambiance, decent prices, but hard-to-understand indian waiters who talk way too fast, which means they must make authentic indian food, right? right!
4	Lunch buffet is delicious and staff is great. The beef curry is delicious and plethora of sauces and spices make the meal flavorful. Many different types of traditional Indian dishes make the buffet great.
5	This 5 star review is for their lunchtime buffet.  There was so much variety and each dish was delicious!  I've had Indian buffets before, but this is hands down the BEST one I have ever been to.  They really don't skimp on the good stuff (including garlic naan!)  We also came here for dinner, which was equally delicious but much pricier and obviously less variety.  The lunch buffet is totally worth it if you don't mind being in a food coma for the rest of the afternoon.
4	Definitely one of the better Indian restaurants, I've been to. Wider choices and good setting. The place has a good ambiance too. A good bet for anyone new to Indian cuisine and would like to try it. Close to the lake, the Capitol, Downtown and the Univ. of Wisconsin. I for one, will go back again, possibly regularly.
4	3 days, 3 lunches, 3 Indian restaurants. That's been my week so far...+ Easily accommodates large groups - we had 10 people for lunch in our group, and it wasn't a problem at all+ Excellent buffet layout; very easy to navigate and it promotes good traffic flow- The buffet was often out of "staples" (chicken masala was always empty, as were a few others)+ Baskets of naan at the table+ Great, great, great food. So full of complex and interesting flavors, everything was cooked well, and everything that I sampled was better than the next.+ Decent value at $10.95/buffet- Service was a bit spotty. Slow water refills.I'm discovering that I really enjoy Indian food; this location may be my favorite so far.
5	Best Indian in Madison so far and I have tried 4. Why? They have more selection and it's delicious. You get a basket of fresh toasted buttery naan and get more if you ask.
4	I've eaten here twice so far. Once for dinner and once for their lunch buffet.Their lunch buffet is a good deal and offers a pretty large selection! Vegetarian dishes and well and meat curries available. I was excited to see lamb curry! That was probably my favorite. Don't waste your time on salad when there is so much to try!They also have a fairly large sampling of desserts. Their mango ice cream is incredible. It tastes just like mango! I can't even comprehend how many mangoes they shoved in there to make it taste like that.  Also the balls that are dipped in sugar are warm/hot. Don't just shove a whole one in your mouth like my friend did and spend the next minute in pain. Beware if you order something spicy it will be spicy!!! I ordered a curry for dinner and I can handle spice pretty well but I could barely choke out more than yes and no answers when trying to talk to the company I was with. It was still tasty but just beware!
5	gotta come here for lunch!!! and they also served the naan bread fresh!!!
1	The worst restaurant service I've had in my life. The waiters are actively hostile, the way hardened French waiters can be, without the charm of being in Paris. The food wasn't very good, at that. Zero percent tip. Two people on a not-very-busy night, and it took as long as a James Cameron movie. Ugh.
4	Came here again to have the dosa (which is a item served traditionally as a south indian breakfast) But it is so delicious I would have it 3 times a day!I wanted to have the dosa last time I came here but I got too tempted by the buffet to order off the menu. I finally get my promise to myself and had the mysore masala dosa. A rice crepe filled with potatoes and onions, with mysore sauce which is mildly spicy. If you have not seen dosa before, it is a sight! These crepes are over a foot long and extend over the edges of your plate. It came with 3 different kind of dipping sauces. Thoroughly enjoyed the meal!
4	Delicious food! We came here for dinner in a Saturday. Panneer was tasty and had a great texture, naan was perfectly cooked. Lamb was tender. Looking forward to the lunch buffet.
3	Windows, loads of natural light, large buffet, attractive dining area, reasonable price. Good start, Huh? I joined a friend for buffet lunch on MLK Day. The place was hopping with the young and those of us that have been on this planet over 50 years. The temperature was dropping like a stone and the flurries were beginning to fly. Perfect day to over eat.The buffet was chock full of different dishes some of which I had not seen before. There was a dish made from puffed rice and chopped onions along with other veggies. Very tasty, crispy treat. I had some tandoor chicken, goat masala, biryani, a veggie somosa,a really excellent yellow dal, and some other dishes which were equally as pleasing. The food was good but not outstanding. The service was fine. The price was right. Would I do it again? Yes. Might I prefer Maharaja? Yes. I find their dishes to be more distinctive and full flavored.My recent visit to Dhaba set the bar high. My love of Anmol in Milwaukee will never be surpassed. But variety Is the spice of life and there is room for the Maharani buffet on my spice rack.Try it, You'll like it.
4	I am a small, white girl, but I'd like to think I know my Indian food. Indian is my favorite type of food and I've eaten a fair share (homemade and in restaurants). And I have to say, Maharani made my tummy very happy. Atmosphere - nothing fancy. They could improve on it, but it is clean, spacious, comfortable.Food - Delicious! I had samosa chaat, which was fabulous! It was the prefect combination of cool, spicy, crunchy and creamy. I had the garlic naan and the Malai Kofta, which was delicious as well. The veggie dumplings were good, had a nice consistency and the gravy was very flavorful. Service - Wonderful. They were attentive without being pushy. They were very kind and attentive even though we stayed long after we were finished.Now I just need to go back to try a dosa!
1	One star just because the food is good. Be prepared to wait 2 hours to see a waiter. The manager is also incompetent and a horrible at customer service. We had to ask waiters to bring things like water before finally debating on leaving without paying after no one gave us our check. Ended up paying the manager directly and storming off after a terrible dinner. At least the food was good...
2	Do not order delivery from here. We were told it would take 45 minutes. After an hour we called and they said the driver had already left and would be five to ten more minutes. Twenty minutes later we called back and were told the same thing. The driver finally showed up an hour and 40 minutes after we placed the order, and were lied to out right twice. We live 10 minutes from the restaurant. The reason I gave it two instead of one star is because the food is tasty.
1	After hearing so many positive reviews of the place, we were shocked by our experience. The place is very beautiful inside (the fabric napkins and glasses give it a fancy touch). The service was great and the food is authentic. The con: Right after we ordered our appetizer and main entrees, we saw a mouse crawl in and out of the heater at the bottom of the floor. We gently got the waiter's attention who was just as shocked as us that a little vermin had appeared. The little mouse jumped onto a chair and crawled around a table for a few minutes before the ?manager? took control of the situation by spraying what I assume was a highly toxic chemical (it definitely wasn't just bleach) into the space between the floor board and the wall where the little creature had hid. I about lost it at that point bc you could hear the little rodent screaming in pain. The manager was extremely apologetic and humiliated by the entire ordeal. He have us all of our food for free however I still refuse to get close to any Indian restaurants.   This took place in the middle of summer, in the early afternoon- not during the winter months where rodents are forced to look for food and shelter indoors!
5	As i said before this place is so good.. can't stop eating. No seriously. I just can't stop eating it. The only way you could be better indian food would be if you went to india.
3	Lunch buffet, $12.95 (no drink). Water refills were frequent, but other than that service was terrible. We came in, waited. Finally, a man approached. He did not speak a word. He showed us to a table, and walked away. after waiting a few minutes we decided no one was coming back and headed for the buffet.  The restaurant itself is in need of a scrub down and a spruce up. The buffet itself was mostly mediocre. Several items I tried were pretty bad. The fried items were soggy. Most dishes were tasteless, and there was not much selection for a vegetarian.BUT there was one dish that was out of this world good. Mater Paneer, or green peas and paneer.  I am almost crying thinking about it (NO JOKE). It was awesome. One of the best things I've ever eaten. I could eat this dish for EVERY MEAL EVERY DAY fFOR THE REST OF MY LIFE. Yeah, it needed all caps it was that good. Had it not been for this dish, which was a 5, I would have given this place only 1 star.
4	I've never ate in this restaurant but have had delivery from it a few times and it is quickly becoming when I want Indian and don't want to step outside. Decent food and they deliver when they say they will, what else do you want from delivery?
3	Went for the lunch buffet recently and although the food was tasty, the service and cleanliness were pretty awful. Never got drinks other than a water, never had a true server, and the checkout process was slow and inaccurate. Great food but the floor and behind-bar areas were trashed.
5	Awesome lunch buffet! Highly recommend it.
5	Lunch buffet was huge and excellent. No lamb dishes when I was there, though, to my disappointment. But I keep having excellent meals there every time I visit Madison.
5	Amazing food, fresh, always plentiful.  Thy were terrific with kids and attentive in all aspects of service.  Would return to anytime!
5	Customer service excellent. They love children.Ambiance wonderful. Food delicious. Price - reasonable (they have dinner combos)Overall -I'll never forget this place.
5	Everything on the lunch buffet was great. The dosa (Indian crepes that are stuffed) are VERY delicious! A person can get full on nothing but the vegetarian options,  there are plenty of meat dishes too.  Leave room for desert. Very friendly staff.  Parking near the capital is a little hit or miss but that is how it is everywhere downtown.
1	Went there for the buffet on a Sunday afternoon. Service was terrible and most of the food in the containers was empty. Was there for more than half hour and they never refilled any of them even though they knew it was empty. When we payed our bill, we complained about the service and the waiter kept calling for the manager and she refused to come talk to us. Do not go here for Indian food. The food is not that great either. There are places that are a lot better. Its fine if you don't  know what good Indian food tastes like.
5	It is my second time ordering from Maharani. It is also only my second time eating Indian food. I may not know anything about authentic Indian food, but I do know when food tastes good.  I've never eaten at the actual restaurant, so my review is based solely on the food. The two times I've ordered take-out from here I have gotten the Butter Chicken, medium spice, and the Keema Naan. The keema naan is just naan "bread" stuffed with lamb meat. The medium spice on the butter chicken is spicier than "medium." However, I really enjoy it! The white rice that the dish comes with helps tame the spiciness. I do find myself taking some breaks in between bites. If you aren't someone that regularly eats spicy food I would recommend mild spice. This dish also contains peanuts, so beware to those that can't consume nuts! I enjoy ordering the naan with this entree because it works like a sponge to soak up all the sauce from the butter chicken and it is like a palate cleanser. Tonight was just one of those nights that I was craving some flavorful, filling take out. I received my order promptly and it satisfied my craving to a T. I'm a happy gal! Thank you Maharani!
4	Delicious and plentiful.  Love the choices of chutneys, so you can mix and match your own concoctions.  I'm not a dessert person but their carrot cashew dessert was surprisingly yummy!  Bill came to $14.19 with my ice tea and I am STUFFED!!!
3	I used to like it a lot more and frequented Maharani while I live downtown. I love their Tandoori Chicken, Butter Chicken, Grilled Fish, and various forms of curries, especially the lamb and beef. Their naan and house made mango ice-cream top my list of favorites too. However, on one occasion after a meal I felt super thirsty throughout the entire afternoon, and had to keep drinking water non-stop. Not the greatest feeling after a buffet. Since then I haven't been back for a while.Recently my lab had a craving for Indian buffet and they talked me into giving it another try. The food was good, but the feeling of addiction in the past didn't kick in. There are many others in the community, my friends included, who love Maharani. Personally I don't see myself going back in a (long) while. I know this is not going to be particularly helpful but I would suggest people to go once and decide for yourself if this is for you. And it will help too to go with an open mind and try the wide spread of food they have on offer. And if you do go I will be happy to hear any thoughts =)
3	I've only had takeout. No major complaints. I would order for a reliable hot meal, but so far nothing has blown my mind.The lamb curry was kind of spicy but besides that not as flavorful as I would prefer. Supposedly comes with yogurt but if it's in the sauce I couldn't tell. Next time will ask for it as a side as well. Generous with the lamb; lots of big, delicious pieces in my dish! Would've liked some more veggies or something to break up the broth in addition to the meat.Chicken 65 was pretty good and the naan was great but I've never seen a restaurant mess up naan.Gotta go back for the buffet. It's kind of expensive to do takeout from here so that should be a more affordable way to sample the menu.
4	This was my first time here.We went with friends for the lunch Buffet and it was pretty delicious. The price wasn't too bad with how much food there was.I really liked the "buttered chicken" which I had 2 helpings of. And the naan was great. Also the tandoori chicken was very moist and a great  selection of other Indian dishes that I don't know how to pronounce. It was nice to see that it was wheelchair accessible. The only small complaint that I had was that they didn't come around and refill our drinks and they completely forgot one of soda's. It was a little difficult to get someone's attention, but nothing that would keep me from going back. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good Indian Buffet  for s great price
