5	I have been going to Los Compadres for most of my life and it's always been the same - OUTSTANDING. The restaurant is family owned, friendly, incredibly laid back., and they serve the tastiest, most authentic Mexican food north of the border.  Honestly, their beans are so DELICIOUS that I very rarely even order meat in my burritos.  On the rare occasion that I mix it up, I always go for the one and only green chile. If you are in the Phoenix, Scottsdale, Paradise Valley area.....RUN, don't walk, to Los Compadres.
4	Had it not been for Yelp, I may have gone my whole life without eating here.  I have to believe that because I've driven by this place SO many times and went "Oh, Mexican food place" and within a few miles I'd forgotten all about it.  Silly me.So this place totally started out as a house.  Lots of little rooms and funky spaces.  There are actually two different entrances - neither one as the official "main" entrance.  And conveniently there are two different counters at which you can order on the busy night we were there, I didn't see more than 2 people in line at any one time.  Order food at the window.  They call your name and you go grab your food.  Chips and salsa are $.50 and while they aren't particularly exceptional, it's worth grabbing especially if there are several of you.  I got a combo to try some traditional standards.  Prices are cheap which is great.  My combo (6.95), drink (1.75) and Chips(0.50) and salsa came out to just 9.95 after tax.  The taco was really good, a bit greasy, but not bad at all.   The enchilada was really amazing.  The sauce wasn't your average sauce - it had a nice kick.  The burrito was a joke.  I hardly ate any after the other two, but I had to at least try it after hearing such good things.  Very yummy - though I really want to try the bean burrito after all the great things said in prior reviews.  But that - will be next time.  And my friend and I have already talked about our next trip here.  Quick, inexpensive and good quality food.  Special note - When headed there don't forget that this is on 7th ave so you can't use the turn lane during rush hours.  Make sure you're headed the right way to make sure that isn't an issue!
5	if you grew up on 1970's style mexican food, then this is your dream come true.  enchilada sauce the way its supposed to look and taste.  ditto on the green sauce.  tamales green or red are fresh.  they still call em "cheese crisps".  if you love baja fresh or rubios, then you're barkin up the wrong tree.
3	Los's (as our family calls it). I'm a native Phoenician and my grandparents were close friends of the V.s since this place was their home's back patio. If it feels homey, it's because it was a home, even while it was a restaurant.I remember going there when I was little and to this day it's still the best cheese crisp in town. And they still serve the salsa in cafeteria-style squeezable ketchup bottles with the tips cut wider. The gloopy-gloop effect of the oh-so-good salsa on your cheese crisp is something a kid never forgets. My little brother and I used to compete to see who could put the most salsa on his slice of cheese crisp and then eat it. Fun.I'm pretty picky about my Mexican food, so don't be put off when I say I like this place for the cheese crisps and that's it. If you wanted me to tell you what my favorite Mexican restaurant is, I'd have to ask you for which menu item. This place is more about the nostalgia for me than anything else. Great place to kick back and have a few cheese crisps.LOL. I only do locally-owned businesses. If you're like-minded and are looking for an extremely casual, very cheap Mexican, but want something more established than your corner (insert-two-syllables-here)-berto's (my favorite is Fo-Fo), Los's is your best bet.Recent edit: 5/13/2008. Last night's visit for a late cheese crisp revealed the secret. They bake-broil the tortilla in advance so it's crispy. Then pile on the cheese for your order and rebake. Fabulous.Watch out for unbussed tables. Out of 20 tables, 10 were littered with plates from parties long gone. As I sat down, one departing diner offered me her table as she stacked her own plates on top of those at another table. Disgusting! I'm _totally_ calling Senora Lucy V.
5	This is the first day of my lifeI swear I was born right in the doorway (side door not front entrance)I went out in the rain suddenly everything changedThey're making burritos within my reachYours is the first face that I sawI think I was bland before I met youNow I don't know where I amI don't know where I've beenBut I know where I want to go (Los Compadres)And so I thought I'd let you knowThat lunch specials take a couple minutesI especially am slowBut I realize that I need LosAnd I wondered if I could come home (side door not front entrance)Remember the time you drove all nightJust to feed me in the morning (two bean burritos with cheese)And I thought it was strange you said everything changedYou felt as if you'd just woke upAnd you said "this is the first day of my lifeI'm glad I didn't die before I fed youBut now I don't care I could go anywhere with youAnd I'd probably be happy"So if you want to eat with meWith this menu there's no tellingWe just have to wait and seeBut I'd rather be working for a paycheckThan waiting to win the lotteryBesides maybe this time is differentI mean I really think you like meWhen my face is stuffed full with a chimi
4	Loud.  Cheap Mexican food.  Beer.  Better than Mi Patio.  What else yuh wanna know?
4	Super crispy cheese crisp, massive amounts of cheese and green chiles.. creamy, smoky enchilada sauce.. incredibly yummy red chile (smooth, creamy and tender).. great portions and low prices.. Ill certainly keep coming here!!
5	I would like to preface my review with a little background on me. I was born in Phoenix 33 years ago. Over the years I have tried hundreds (if not thousands) of Tex-Mex restaurants in Phoenix, the U.S. Southwest, and Mexico itself. The first Tex-Mex I ever had was at this Los Compadres. I have had everything on the menu more than 20 times. How I feel about the food at the 7th Avenue Los Compadres I can only relate in analogy. It is Garfield's lasagna, Bert's oatmeal, Laestrygonian's lotus, Olympian Ambrosia, and Elvis's peanut butter and banana freakin' sandwiches all wrapped into a burrito, and gilded.Do not get this and the sister restaurant confused. There is NO substitute.
4	Cheese crisp!!!  This place is *right* across the street and I've only been a few times.  Tonight, I needed something fast, close and naughty!  So, I remembered someone recommending the cheese crisp.The tortilla was super-crispy and LOADED...LOADED...LOADED with cheese!  I also got the green chile strips on it.  They were huge strips and cut the greasy cheese just right.  Side of awesome guac - had a little kick to it!  The place itself isn't fancy at ALL.  There are a few different rooms to dine in.  Service was really friendly - all young boys.  Woohoo!
4	I have been eating here since i was shitting my diapers, that is many moons of Mexican goodness.  Los is no revelation to the cuisine of Mexico but is without a doubt solid, fresh, and tasty food. If you go for breakfast the Huevos are pretty epic, if it is lunch make sure to get the huge cheese crisp slathered with fresh guac. Everything else is completely solid but traditional for American Mexican food. They make there own fresh tortillas which are delicious.
2	Hire a busboy! I had to say it. I had to take these pictures. This is my _third_ visit since my May update with the same result and I can't keep it to myself any longer. The staff neglects the dining room. Period. Dot. Patrons often have to move dirty plates, stacking them up on top of trays at another table, just to sit down.My recommendation to the owners is to put up some garbage bins like all other self-busing fast-food places and make _us_ do it if you're not going to.I have to wonder what happens to all those half-filled salsa squirt bottles left on the tables unrefrigerated for so long. Do they top off and return them to service, or are they emptied and washed before refilling?It is my sincere hope that very soon I will be able to update this review again and say that things are back to normal. Until then, I have to advise driving a bit further south to Mi Patio, or north to Sylvia's La Canasta.
5	I have been eating here since high school, so i can safley say bout 35 years. The food is still as good as it was when 15 of us would jump into Smitty's vw van and drive down for our 30 minuet lunch break. (West high of course) It has been owned by the same family since it opened in the early 1800's!!! Yes the cheese crisp are awesome but the tacos not the shredded beef but the regular tacos are the best in town. Order a couple they are sooo good. Love you Los.
5	I have been eating here since I was in the womb. It is my favorite mexican food in AZ.  Nothing is very hot but everything is super tasty.  I love the cheese crisp...very crispy and the green chili burro.  They put a little bit of cheese inside the green chili burro...mmmm.  Also the salsa is sooo good. I have never had a bad meal here.
4	Yum.  I haven't had a bad dish here in ten tries, and the chips and salsa are addictive.  What more can you ask for?Eating there isn't anything special other than the food is piping hot.  The dining area is pretty basic.  I usually get takeout, which survives the five minute drive home just fine.  Winners:* Mexican pizza, loaded* Green chili anything* Chimichangas* Tacos* Burritos enchilada-style
3	For what it is, Los Compadres is great. The place is small (looks like it was once a house) and not the place for a bitrthday party or celebrating a co-worker's borthday or anything, but great for a cheap weeknite din-din. Looks kinda shabby-chic inside but I looked around pretty intensely and it was actually VERY clean inside.  The whole dealio is very "no frills"  the food and utensils are disposable and they process are very cheap for pretty good Mexican.   My better half and I each got the same chili relleno commbo platter.  Everything was hot, savory and delicious. Fast service, cute staff and cheap eats.
2	Mel rose St Fair was jammin' and gave us the opportunity to duck into Los Compadres for eats. Previous reviewers helped me out and I went straight for the cheese crisp with chili strips. Their kitchen was great and delivered the crisp light on cheese, as ordered. My beau tried the remaining of the menu; taco, tamale, and green chili enchilada. His dishes were OK.  Tamales don't compete with local fare.  Beans are definitely good. Restaurant is clean. Just not spicy enough for us.
1	I must confess I've only tried this place ONE time. I was so un-impressed I have never bothered to go back.  Someone at my table actually commented that it tasted like there were white people in the kitchen trying to make Mexican food !!  Now that is just wrong and bad manners but unfortunately it was true.  I'm not even sure I'd ever give this place a second try.  It does seem to be a popular place though as every time I pass by it is packed on the weekends.  Maybe the customers have never had REALLY good Mexican food and don't know any better ??!!??
4	The food is very good. The set up is weird. If you are looking for a no frills Mexican restaurant with good food at a low price, Los Compadres is a safe choice as long as you don't mind the hustled atmosphere.
3	Los Compadres is an A-ok place to stop and have some A-ok Mexican food. You order via a friendly counter service and they give you a number. I ordered the chicken enchiladas with rice and beans. They were good! Nothing fancy or spectacular, just straightforward. I wished for a little more flavor in the chicken, but it wasn't horrible. I also ate Ayesha's leftovers the next day... solid. If you're looking for a spot that's a bit "hole in the wall" simple Mexican, then Los Compadres is the spot for you! I would gladly return and try their other entrees!
4	Hang on...gotta wipe the cheese off my chin.  Oh, crap, the enchilada sauce is on my keyboard.Cheese crisp with Guacamole.  Two cheese enchiladas, one for tomorrow.There's a mess.  Everywhere.  Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhyessssssssssss!
4	Sooooo good!  I don't go nearly as often as I'd like, but when I do, the enchiladas, cheese crisp with green chiles, and the chimichanga are my favorites. Even though its so busy it can be unnerving, if you get a seat, take your time with your food, they won't rush you out of there.  mmmm
5	Why 5 stars?Freakin' awesome Mexican food, and CRAZY cheap prices!So, I went a bit overboard (as always) in ordering.I just wanted to try so many different thingsssssI got:Cheese crisp with green chile strips and guacamoleMini green chile chimichanga1 cheese enchiladaSide order of refried beansChips and salsaAll that food... .$15And it ended up being way too much food.  WAY too much.I loved everything...EVERYTHING I SAY!And that's truly a rarity.
3	Established in 1958, Los Compadres has been offering Phoenix classic Mexican food at great prices for over 50 years.  Here you will find the Mexican food standards tacos, nachos, enchiladas, tamales, burros etc. made fresh to order.  In addition, they have egg specialties, salads, charbroiled chicken, and their something different selections...  They have 10 combos that include 2-3 items each for under $8 and lighter combos for under $5.  Los Compadres is a excellent alternative to the fast food chains claiming to serve Mexican food.  Catering services and party trays are also available.  Their hours are Monday through Saturday 10:30am to 9pm and Sundays 10:30am to 7:30pm.
5	the only thing i can review is the bean and cheese burrito, because that's all i get and it's all i ever need.their refried beans are the creamiest, most savory in all of phoenix (i would except for casa reynoso, except this is owned by the same family!).i can't even find words for much i enjoy their perfect tortillas. but i can say that i can gobble a burrito up in about 45 seconds, and i am the world's slowest eater. true story.
4	Good food must run in the family. A few months back we stopped here by chance and I am so glad we did.  Later, we found out that Los Compadres are cousins to my favorite mexican restaurant Casa Reynoso in Tempe. So many good things to eat here I just don't know where to start.Here are some items on my favorites list:The salsa and chips are yum-diggity. The mexican pizza Shredded beef taco Bean/cheese burro (with green chili strips)Stay away from the red chile. Not that good.
3	I got to try this last Friday about 8:30pm (didn't realize they close at 9pm).The food was above average, and the prices are low, but the atmosphere is woefully out of date and dilapidated. I appreciate the longevity and family-run aspects, but come on guys it's time for a remodel (at least some fresh paint and better lighting). A few booths would be a huge upgrade from the wobbly tables, and I'm also not a huge fan of paper plates...This would be a better choice for a quick lunch on the cheap, or take out.
3	The first couple of times I wasn't too impressed with this place.  When you dine in the seating isn't the most comfortable (I'm a booth kind of girl), and they give you a squeeze bottle of hot sauce for your chips instead of salsa (I'm also a salsa kind of girl).  However, my fiance and I have been ordering take out from here quite a bit lately.  I like the bean and cheese burritos and the tacos., and the little plastic cups of salsa that they give out are super good.  Why they don't just serve that salsa in the restaurant is beyond me.  So, the place has some good staples, but it's a more of a take out kind of place in my opinion.
5	this is a family favorite. been going since I was younger. great food and good price have to check it out.
5	This is one of my favorite places to eat when I get back to town.  Their beans are the best I've had.  Their tacos are made of shredded beef and fried with the fillings inside.  This makes the best product.  All of you lucky enough to live in the state don't realize how lucky you are to have this treat!  I'm usually not an enchilada fan, but you have to try one here.Some of the reviews comment on decor.  While it is true the place is a little shabby and the salsa comes in squeeze bottles, I would much rather have their cheap prices than fine china.  And that salsa, I really would be tempted to steal one of those bottles, but then I'd have to check it in my bag to go back home!
4	You walk into this place and it's hot. The building itself is nothing to look at, like many local Mexican restaurants it is a bit run down and sparse inside. I have only had the tacos here, but they were really good. The shell is deep fried and probably the best part, but the rest of it was fresh and good as well (lettuce isn't limp and the tomatoes looked good too). Overall if you are looking for a local place to eat for lunch I would recommend this.
5	This place is all about Mexican comfort food. It reminds me of the places my parents used to go to when I was a kid. (I don't think the prices have changed since the 80s, either.) One really heartwarming thing: I sat down next to an older guy who shared his Wall Street Journal. He said that in the dark light he could only read the headlines.
4	This is our go-to for take out mexican food.Great prices and really good food.I order my son the baby plate for less than $2 and he gets a heap of rice and beans and some shredded chicken.I love the chicken taco with a ton of salsa.Hubby is a green chili kind of guy and always gets a green chili burro.Fresh chips are an added bonus even though you do have to pay extra for them.The refried beans do have lard so we always order the whole beans and they are excellent.
4	Simple, straighforward mexican food...with no frills !I love the chicken tacos, the 3-way burro enchilada style,the chees crisps, the Bean Tostada w/guacamole and the bean burro. Next time you go, notice that the salsa has just a slight hint of mint - love it !I've been going there since the tacos were 25c each andhave never been disappointed...give it a try
4	I found this place while driving up 7th Avenue.I stopped in and picked up some food.I came back again the next day!This place is super divey, but serves up excellent versions of the classic Sonoran style Mexican food that I love so much....and it is incredibly cheap!  I was surprised to see the cheap prices, and even more surprised that the food turned out to be so delicious!  The crispy beef tacos and cheese enchiladas are excellent versions of the classics.  Their green chile beef is divine, but I do wish they had green enchilada sauce in addition to the red version, but nonetheless, it was still tasty!  Oh, and the cheese crisp....so crispy, so cheesy, and held up all the way back to my office!But one of my true barometers of good Mexican food is the beans...and let me just say....their beans are everything beans should be; creamy, salty and rich....they are AMAZING!This is not very far from my office...which may cause me to visit more frequently than I should....but at these prices...the only thing that will suffer is my waistline!
4	I've been looking for a real, "authentic" mexican food place in Phoenix since I moved here a year and a half ago, and this place is the best I've been able to find. The fact that it's about 3 minutes away from my house makes it even better!The first thing I love about this place is the albondigas soup. It's AMAZING. It's just your basic vegetable soup with carrots, potatoes, celery and squash and best of all, MEATBALLS! The broth is very flavorful and always super hot!There are whole bunch of things I haven't tried on the menu because I always go for one of the combination plates. I get a mixture of either the enchiladas, tamales, tacos or burros because they're all so equally good! The plate is served with a hefty serving of rice and beans (the rice could maybe use a little work but the beans are great!) Get an order of chips and salsa! The salsa has this hint of mint to it that I've never tasted before and sometimes I go here just to get chips!!  All in all, great food, GREAT PRICES and great service.
4	"Beer is proof that God loves man, and wants him to be happy" - Benjamin Franklin. I'm not personally religious.. spiritual maybe? But if there is a higher power I would add that beer and Mexican food is the proof. For me this is the ultimate in comfort food. There is nothing that a cheesy greasy plate of Mexican food cant fix... or at least soften the blow.Over the past months I have subjected myself to countless mediocre mexican experiences. My favorite senoran Mexican place for years has been Carlos O'Briens. I know there HAS to be somewhere out there as good or better. So far its been a disappointing adventure, I have found a few places that had single better items.Finally I feel as if all these wasted calories finally paid off. Los Compadres.. You have given me hope that I will find what I'm looking for. I walked out of there stuffed, with money left in my wallet, and a big smile on my face. With a few small improvements you would be my new favorite Mexican place.Chips/Salsa:The salsa was great.. It was a slightly chunkier version of the taco sauce you usually get in the squeeze bottles. The chips were crisp, thin, and lite.. Although I find it hard to explain why they seemed lite when they were a bit on the oily side but somehow they were. Salted well but not overly. Well worth the $1 or whatever it was. Drain them a tad more and you would have perfect chips.Cheese Crisp:I can't believe I am saying this but I think I have found my new favorite cheese crisp. It was the perfect crispy yet pliable texture. So freaking good I'm not even sure I put salsa on more then a few bites of it. The cheese was amazing.. I think there was butter involved here somewhere. I WANT ONE NOW!!!Guac:Again.. shocked to say this.. but tied with my current favorite. Not a a tomato to be found. The perfect balance of avocado, garlic, cilantro, peppers for heat, citrus.Beef Tamale:Not a star.. With all the great food here I would not waste the stomach space.Shredded Beef Taco:Although we all enjoyed them their are better tacos in the valley. One disappointing note was that right out of the kitchen every taco on the whole table was split down the middle from taco fail. It happens.. I got over it. Saving grace was that they were stuffed then fried.. mmmmmm extra grease :DEnchilada:Delicious! The corn tortilla was not overpowering with corn flavor. The red sauce here is rich, thick, creamy, and smokey. If they were to salamander the enchiladas with the cheese on them before serving it would kick the ass of every other enchilada I've had in town. Since they use foam plates they can't do this.Relleno:Finally! This is probably the best senoran style relleno I've had outside of Mexico. I wasn't even a huge fan of the beef green chili on top and it was still amazing. Next time I will order it with the red enchilada sauce for what I'm sure will be the ultimate relleno.. unless you feel like taking a trip to the friendly dolphin in rocky point.Carne Asada:Chris ordered a Carne Asada burrito. This is not something I usually get unless I'm making it myself or at a *ertos. He offered me a taste.. WHoa! delicious. The marinade on this was amazing. There was a hint of something sweet.. I would guess it had some orange juice or orange slices in the marinade.Rice:If I had to pick one thing that they absolutely need to improve on its the rice. Although the rice was cooked perfectly. The grains stayed intact and there was no mushiness to it at all. The flavor was just off and not great in general. As weird as it sounds the first few bites I had almost tasted floral. I think they could easily improve on this. This is a really important one guys! fixy please!Beans:Polar opposite of the rice. I'm not even a huge bean fan and these were great. Creamy, salty, rich, and definitely had some delicious lard in there. Its no wonder its mentioned again and again in the reviews.Pros:Amazing Combo Prices!Parking Lot (This can be important in this part of town)Plenty Of TablesQuick ServiceFREAKING DELICIOUSCons:RiceTaco FailTamaleMy Perfect Return Trip Meal:Carne AsadaChili Relleno (Substitue green chili for red enchilada sauce)EnchiladaCheese Crisp + Guac
4	This is a little blink-and-miss-it place in Central Phoenix.  Don't be scared of how it looks on the outside...You have to try the green chile burro.  Absolutely amazing!
5	Los Compadres is a family favorite and in some cases our traditional post-holiday restaurant. The food is great, the staff is friendly and the salsa in and of itself makes up for the semi-dilapidated decor. Love it.
2	Yummy, inexpensive classic Mexican food. Unfortunately, they are totally unreliable and inconsistent. I have ordered the bean/rice/green chile strips burrito FIVE different times and without fail it is wrong each and every time. Did I order green chile? No! I ordered green chile strips. Did I ask for rice and not get any? Yes! Why didn't I learn my lesson after my second visit? Glutton for punishment. And I'm a mediocre cook. Want the best inexpensive, classic, consistent Mexi-food? Try Carolina's!
5	I Heart Los!!!This is my absolute favorite Mexican Joint!! Lite A with chicken and a pepsi.....mmmmmm heaven.
3	You order at the counter here, & when your order is ready you take it to your choice of several quaint little dining rooms, or the mostly enclosed, covered patio.I ordered the #C Weekday Lunch Combo, which brought out a shredded beef taco, a cheese enchilada, a green burrito, beans & rice, plus a side of chips, sold separately.There were no booths, the portions of food were smallish, served on picnic plates, & the chips were very ordinary.  SO, 2-Stars & we're out of here, right?  ...Well, not so fast!The excellent salsa helped the chips along, & what you get along with the modest meal size is a reasonable price ($5.95 + .50 for the chips).  Oh, & the taste of the food overall was TERRIFIC!  That's one thing, isn't it?    :-))
5	I'm sitting here eating a reheated bean and cheese burrito (enchilada style) from Saturday. I usually eat  healthier lunches, but when it comes to Los Compadres my morals are easily compromised.This location will always hold a special place in my heart. I love that they have not updated the dining rooms, and the 70's charm remains. This is a 5 star joint for me. Really good Mexican food should have certain characteristics and Los has mastered all of them:The salsa is amazing, spicy, chunky and full of flavor. They make killer guacamole, no tomatoes! The cheese crisp are always well done.The carne asada marinade they use is fantastic. It has the perfect blend of spice, tang and citrus.  Just like Paula Dean they know everything but my waistline is better with butter. No it is not healthy, but they don't claim to be. It is just pure, greasy, cheap Mexican goodness.
5	You can get a fuckin' awesome enchilada here. yeah this place is the best in the neighborhood. the red sauce on the enchilada is a bit spicy, but it makes it amazing. the rice was good too. That's all i got this time around, but looking forward to going back & trying some other items on the menu.
5	Their tacos are the way mom would make them if she were Mexican and was the most amazing cook ever.The take the filing, put it in a corn tortilla and deep fry the whole thing. Oh. My. Gosh. Just amazing. I have never eaten anything else here. The tacos are just too amazing to try anything else. I always get the shredded beef.I don't live in PHX anymore, but every time I am here I make my way over to 7th Ave. and Indian School. It's a bit of heaven.Note: this place ain't fancy in the slightest.
5	Hands down, best Sonoran Mexican food you're going to find in Phoenix.  My family has been going there since before I was born and I love that it hasn't changed a bit.  Their salsa is absolutely perfect, from the heat to the squeeze bottle, there's nowhere better.  We go at least 2 or 3 times a month and will never get tired of Los Compadres.
5	I live pretty close to this restaurant, so part of the attraction is how close it is....but the food is really great too!!! Not only is the food really good but it is reasonably priced. There are awesome combinations, the enchilada's are great (both red and green), the green chile burrito is super yummy too. Number 9 Combinaciones is perfect, a burrito (red or green) a taco (chicken is great) and an enchilada, I get machaca beef for the burro and enchilada....mmmmmmmm!I actually have to stop myself eating there on both my days off, so instead I just get waaaay to much one day and have leftovers the next!
5	Best Mexican food in phoenix... very reasonable prices...
4	If you're looking for some FAST authentic,  old-school, old-Phoenix style Mexican food in Central Phoenix, this is the place.Walk in.  Look up at menu. Go to the counter.  Order.  They hand you a drink-- they brew their own tea, you can get a beer, soda, whatever.  Pay.  Sit.  Oh So Fast, they'll call your number and you walk up and get a cafeteria style tray with your order.Mini bean burritos on the lunch plate- yum!  Awesome cheese crisp with guacamole!  Fast. Cheap.  Good choice!No real ambiance, but that's OK, you're not there for the faux finished walls and water feature anyway.
5	Love coming to Los. I've been coming here forever. I love when I bring a new friend and they always are skeptical about eating there (based on location and how nerve racking the neighborhood is). Once we are finished I know they are all converts. Los Compadres is a gem and one of the only authentic mexican restaurants in Phoenix. It's family owned and I love that. I would give an arm and a leg to keep this place open. If you haven't tried it yet get your butt in there and shame on you.
5	This place IS  the BOMB!!!!!! One of the many things I miss growing up in Phoenix.. their famous Cheese Crisp--a MUST..I have been ordering the Bean Burro Enchilada style most of my life---their Grandmothers recipe of many years..They do not dissappoint
4	Really great food, really terrible ambience. I recommend getting it to go because sitting down to eat will just depress you. When we walked in I thought that the place was under construction as it was nearly empty, consisting only of a few cheap table on a concrete floor. No music, no tv, nothing on the walls. It was nearly empty and nearly silent, not a good first sign.Despite this poor first impression we decided to stay and eat. I am very glad that I decided to give the place a second chance because the food is both tasty and reasonably priced. Their chicken is well seasoned and moist so get that.Pros: Good food, good pricesCons: Order at the counter, zero ambience
4	I love their Green Chili enchiladas
1	This place is bogus. No delivery on orders.
5	In a word: SUPERIOR. Long live Los Compadres!
2	Better place for sure for customer service
4	Not gonna lie--when America's Taco Shop opened right down the road, I really thought this little local take-out place would quickly go out of business. I was gladly mistaken.No frills Mexican food. Expect your sit down meal to include plastic forks and paper plates--but if you're looking for good Mexican food at a great price...YUM! Good service too.#11 with an  enchilada $4.65  :)
5	It's a bit of a hole in the wall type experience. Nothing spectacular to see from the inside or out. Graffiti on the parking lot walls. There is a lack of decor on the interior, but it is very clean. The staff are always very friendly. I've never had bad customer service, which I think is very impressive. They recently raised their prices, but overall still a bargain. The food is DELISH!!! Try the shredded beef chimichanga.
3	Food is good. Cheese crisp is phenomenal! But prices are too expensive for a slightly higher than mediocre plate.
5	I have been coming here for 29 years.  Since I was in preschool!!!  This place never disappoints.  Mexican comfort food at its best.  I just moved back to Phoenix after being in LA for 4 years and Los Comp was the very first place I went to in order to remember Home.
5	love! always a favorite!
5	My wife turned me on to this gem. Her family has been eating here since the 70's it never disappoints. The machaca is moist not wet like many others. The Pepsi from the fountain is the best fountain soda anywhere.
4	Nice little hole in the wall mexican restaurant. I tried the mini chimi chico with machaca beef that was really good! The prices and portion sizes were decent. Everyone kept ordering the cheese crisp that showed up after us. A total of 11 orders of that in the time we sat there. Apparently it's to die for...too bad I had no room to have one myself. All in all the food and atmosphere was very good.Will definitely come back and try the cheese crisp. :)
5	What can you say about this place!! It is fantastic, delish, cheap, clean....all of the above! I have been coming here for about 35 years now. I keep coming back and look forward to every visit. We came here today for a late lunch, early dinner.We were greeted by a really happy crew, (so nice).They made us new fresh coffee and i great Ice Tea, with big fresh lemons.The Beef and the Chicken were great as well as the Pork. The Tacos are probaly the best i have ever had. We were happy we ate early because, you are full for the rest of the night. Free refills on the Coffee and the Ice Tea.Location is an old house on 7th Ave, which is a really great idea, with lots of parking in the lot. If you have never tried it, you really should. You would not be sorry, plus it is a great price, you have nothing to loose.
5	This is the 2nd time i have been here. Once for dinner and this time for lunch.It is absolutely fantastic!!   I have lived by this restaurant for  14 years and just recently discovered it.   Wow,  , Delicious,  tasty and incredibly good.   Even the chips and Salsa are so good.  They brew Coffee for me, which is my most favorite beverage with Mexican Food.    Coffee really enhances the flavor of the spices.I absolutely love this fabulous place. It is spotlessly clean as well and smells really good inside.    Lots of parking in the back of the building. Bathrooms are very clean. Nice and cool inside even though it was 112 degrees outside, yes and it is not even Summer yet.
5	A staple in my life!  My wife turned me onto this place 23 years ago and have been hooked on it ever since.  She grew up a couple of blocks from here and has not forgotten about it.The food is always so good!  My favorite is the Chili Rellano plate, but always start off with a cheese crisp!Want your food fast, want some good tasting Mexican food, this is where you want to be!
2	Ok I'm just going to break it down:1. What mexican restaurant doesn't have carnitas?2. No complimentary chips and salsa with order.3. Rice is very bland4. Tamales covered in a green cream sauce, I'm used to the chili verde type. I should have ordered the 'sauce' on the side.5. Beans were good.I don't think I will go back any time soon. My palet for authentic mexican food apparently is needing more. There are too many restaurants around here to choose this one. Lo siento Compadres.
1	Today my daughter went to the LC and they lost the order and she did not get the food for over 45 minutes.  The said the order was not placed in 'it was lost for a few minutes'.  The order goes from the counter where you place the order to less than 10 feet away to the cooking area.  She probably wished she had just left because she got food poisoning from the Los Chief salad.  She had a large order and the food was placed in a cardboard box that she took to her car.  NONE of the plates inside of the box were secured for travel; simply two paper plates with the food on the bottom plates.  The enchiladas spilled off the plate and the poisoned Los Chief salad placed between the plates also spilled off.  They used to put the salad in a bowl and tape it shut.  She said the tortilla for the cheese crisp was stale and just lousy tasting.  I'd warned her I no longer would order anything but their shredded beef tacos.  I use to get the green chili burrito but the last time I ordered it was made with a store bought tortilla.  It was gross.  My family has been going to this restaurant since the 60's.  The food was excellent and service outstanding.  However; the owner of the restaurant Mary died and the food has been going to h*ll rapidly.  The service is with a snotty  attitude that the management is doing a favor to serve to the customer.  There's just too many good Mexican restaurants to waste your money here!
5	I LOVE this place!  Every time I visit Phoenix I eat here.  This is a no frills restaurant with authentic Mexican food.  The lunch specials are especially good because you get various items in small form so you can try a lot of different things.  I have NEVER had a bad meal here and been eating here for eight years.
5	BEST Mexican food restaurant this side of the Mississippi and this side of the border!!! If I could rate this 100 out of 5 stars I would!
2	It's ok.  The tacos are good.  The salsa is good.  The enchiladas are not good.  The rice is boring.  The beans are ok.  The tostada was ok.  Maybe I just ordered the wrong things.
5	The best shredded beef taco I have ever had in my life. The 3way burrito is another favorite. This is my favorite Mexican food place in the world!
5	This is the best Mexican food I have ever eaten. I grew up in Phoenix and had my first red chile burro at age 3 when the family owned La Palma restaurant on McDowell back in the '50s. I have never eaten a cheese crisp as good as theirs. Their red chile is superb. I moved from Phoenix in 1968 to go to college but come back as often as I can. After 60 years of eating there I never tire of it!
4	Delicious food, fast service, friendly staff...what more could you want? I'll be back!
5	Best Mexican food I've ever had in Phoenix (probably anywhere to be honest).  This is my family's go to Mexican restaurant.  I get the Carne Asada burro everytime, my wife gets the Chimichanga.I love their chips and salsa. Usually great service, although every once in a while it's a miss. They have a good happy hour too, good margaritas.Prices are very fair, easy to eat under $10 regardless of time of day. Of course you can spend more if you'd like.This restaurant has been here for decades which speaks volumes to the quality of the restaurant.
5	We love this place.  We never remember the name,  but our pet name for it is the paper plate restaurant.  LOVE this place!  Everyone we've taken here loves it and always goes back.  The food is FANTASTIC !We heard there are sister resturants in Globe and Miami, AZ..... So off we drove!  This is a must!    My favorite is the green chili tostada.  YUM!
4	My cousin lives across the street from Los Compadres. I was starving and decided to give it a shot. I called and placed my order to go. A red chile burrito with a side of cheese and sour cream. I got there and was shocked my burrito was only $5! Usually restuarants charge an arm and a leg for side items. I asked the girl for an iced tea to go and she gave it to me for free! I thought that was really sweet of her so I gave her a nice tip. I was very pleased with my food and I would't hesitate to come back. The restaurant isn't fancy just a good solid place to get cheap tasty Mexican food.
5	Been going here for many years.  They have the best salsa, beans, and shredded beef!  Love the burritos and tacos!
4	Went looking for Carolina's on 16th st and buckeye got there and they were no longer at that location, went in search of a different mexican place and found Los Compadres.  The food here or at least what I ordered was very good. Combo #1 (Beef Taco, Cheese Enchilada, Tostada and an Extra Taco)  I was a bit disappointed as I was lead to believe that the combo came with beans and rice, however my plate was devoid of such fare...which is a large part why i'm only offering 4 stars.I will eat here again MANY times in the future, so if anyone is in the area or out to try something new this place has pretty amazing food for a decent price.Oh and one more thing...at first I was a little put off by the salsa, but once I ate it I liked it a lot. The more I ate the more I liked it.  It had a really good flavor and I pretty much wanted to drink it.
5	I'm from out of town and always want to find a place to get my sopapilla fix, since you can't get them in California. Found this place on YELP and was not disappointed. Not super fancy, but great traditional options and very yummy tamale with a unique creamy sauce.
3	My meal which was Green chili burrito and tamale with red sauce was OK and I would order the burrito again.... the waiter was very good, but someone else had fish tacos and they were not great... the Margaritas were VERY good for $1.99... I thought they'd be watered down and they were NOT!!
4	In the area visiting and wanted Mexican food.  Reviews were good therefore gave it a try.  At first, the place was not what I expected.  Instead of being seated and served, you order at a counter and wait for a number to be called.  We ordered cheese crisps - a baked flour tortilla with melted cheese - essentially an open face quesadilla.  It was very good.We ordered tamale, enchiladas (red chile), carne asada and green chile tamales. All were good except the asada was a little dry.We finished with sopapillas with honey.  These were very good as well.  I wish we could find these in California.Overall,  the food was good to very good. Four stars due to the dry carne asada.Large portions of food and fairly priced.
3	For the money I guess it's pretty good.  Not really identifiable as Mexican food though. When food arrived it was a mystery. Tamale? It's hidden somewhere under the gluggy white sauce. And enchiladas the same but with a strange red sauce. First bite was surprisingly good but then subsequently lost its appeal. I guess I should have had the fried cheese but, did not know until I saw it go out, then read the reviews. Plus side was the super hot servers.
3	Typical bland Phoenix style Mexican food.  It wasn't fantastic and wasn't awful.  I had the Relleno and Enchilada platter.  The enchilada had way too much red sauce, and the relleno had cheddar cheese-I'm use to having it with asadero.  The Caldillo sauce had greasy ground beef in it.  Would of been 10x better without the ground beef (Gosh at least I hope it was ground beef).  The rice was standard Macayo/Garcias type and the beans were really good.  I would go back but not on my oh my gosh I have to go there again list.
4	Three way burro. Enchiladas. Chile Relleno. Beans and rice. Cheese crisps. All delish. This is my first stop when I come into town and it never disappoints. Can't attest to ambiance or service for dining in because we always take out, but food is always hot, ready when they say it would be, and we always have an ample supply of home made hot sauce to take home. Can't beat the prices or the authenticity.
5	I've been coming here since High School and I'm64 years old. I've been friends of the family sincethen. I have never had a bad meal here since then.Especially the cheese crisps, the green corn tamales,Tacos, enchiladas and burros washed down with a cold beer.Btuc49
5	I've been coming here for the last 20 years. I love this place! The food is always made to order, quick and delicious. Best time to get there is when they open because the lunch crowd can really pack that tiny place up. I will continue to come here once a month like I usually do.
1	Food was awful! I had a chili relleno and the cheese enchiladas. The chili relleno was caked under a mess of cheese, ground beef, and what looked to be a green chili concoction. Also they breaded the chili relleno, it was absolutely gross! The cheese enchiladas had no flavor and their red sauce was just bland. The guy behind the counter was white and was sort of an ass when I asked him on what he suggested. The people eating at the establishment were some older white people, so I should have just turned my ass around when I stepped in the door! Rating- "Is there a minus 5 star rating?"
4	A delicious Carne Asada burrito. I can't wait to go back and trust me it will be soon.
3	The carne asada--incredibly plentiful and packed in that burrito--was so dry and tasteless that I am sure it was yesterday's meat.  I ate it, but I was so disappointed in Los Compadres for this.I ordered a carne asada burrito only, but the nice girl at the register gave me free rice and refried beans...maybe to make up for the horrid meat?The orders are big, the guacamole was just excellent, and the salsa is pretty standard and good, but that meat I won't get over soon.Will I try this place again?  Not sure if I would or not at this point.  I guess it depends on if I am starving and super near them.Now, if Los Compadres fixes the meat problem I can overlook their barely passing a Health Code violation old dirt in the corners of the place.  Very disappointed customer here...very...cause I'm a tacqueria fan of these little funky dirty places, ate at tons of them and always get the best food.  But not here this day....damn!
2	It was okay. The beans were good. The rice was undercooked and a bit dry. My ground beef burrito was mostly tortilla and red sauce. The shredded beef taco was dry and underwhelming. I will not be spending my money here again.
2	Los Compadres has pretty good food. However, the customer service is seriously lacking! When I called in an order to pick up my lunch today - the lady I spoke with was very short and unfriendly. I ordered a Carne Asada burrito and some chips and salsa. I told her specifically I did NOT want beans and rice - She responded with "Okay".When I arrived (not greeted/welcomed) and received my food, it was more expensive than the menu lead me to believe. I mentioned it to her after she took my card (in a hurry) and she told me it's because I ordered rice and beans. I was instantly irritated and said calmly that I told her over the phone I did not want B&R. She didn't seem to care, and responded with "Oh, I didn't hear you say that" She also told me that my Chips & Salsa were in the bag - I should have checked!I just decided to take the hit and go. When I got to work and opened the bag, there were no chips. I thought about calling. However, since I said something earlier about being charged for something I DID NOT order and she didn't offer a refund or anything else. I decided it was pointless to call.I will not be returning to or recommending this restaurant.
1	I haven't been here since 2012.  Said the only thing I would go back for is the shredded beef tacos.  Well nothing has changed food is lousy and staff is rude..I can't believe all the 4 and 5 star ratings for this place.  This use to be one of the best Mexican food places in town.  My family has come here since the 60's.
4	This is pretty much the only mexican food place i eat at- although it is alittle sketchy on the outside and inside too, it is the definition of a "hole in the wall" Amazing food , i genuinly enjoy it! styrofoam plates and plastic spoons tho? tisk tiskthe staff is alittle weird - but always very friendly!over all very good!
2	Like most places reviews on Yelp in Phoenix, this place is over rated. Okay, it's cheap. Which is great if you just want to eat, but it's nothing special. Found it pretty boring and plain. The interior resembled a jail cell and felt dirty. Won't be heading back anytime soon.
4	Pretty tasty Mexican food and fast service.
1	If you're looking for a restaurant that has ambience, music, nice lighting and gives you a feeling of being welcomed, don't come here. The prices are not cheap enough to warrant such crappy customer service. And if you're looking for great quality food at affordable prices don't come here either.The food is mediocre at best. This is a walk up to the counter and order. And when your order is ready they simply just yell "order ready" The atmosphere is reminiscent of a sad Mexican prison. In short, I would not recommend this place
2	This place is mediocre at best.  It's like they don't even try.  There are so many better choices.
2	I heard the hype about this place.  What a disappointment.  Totally over rated!The food is good, but I've had just as good or better at Filiberto's for less money.  The portions are pretty small in comparison, too.  The order counter is efficient but lacking in personal touch.  The people who take your order can take you or leave you, and seem to never have even heard of the concept of customer service.  As soon as the line for ordering disappears, the staff disappear to the back, so you have to fend for yourself if you need anything once you have ordered or have your food, until they come back 2 years later.  The building looks exactly like what it is: a whole in the wall.  That in of itself is not a bad thing really, and probably part of the charm, but its painted gray and looks depressing.  Inside dining is adequate and utilitarian, but I felt like I was eating at the county jail canteen.  The tables were slightly dirty, like they cleaned off the last customer's food tray and forgot to wipe down the table.I can't say that I would recommend them, but the food was decent, aside from these issues.  If you got the food to go, and set your expectations low, you won't be too badly disappointed.
4	This restaurant opened in 1958, and I can see why it's still in business 56 years later! Los Compadres (we call it 'Old Los' since there was a newer (far less superior) sit-down location that opened on 23th Avenue) has been a dinner destination for my family since I can remember. I've grown up on their chips & deliciously spicy salsa (served up in squirt bottles so you can get it in all the right places) and bean & cheese burritos. In the 20+ years I've been frequenting this restaurant, I've only ventured from my usual a few times. But, throwing in an order of their amazing cheesy and oily 'cheese crisp' on special occasions is a family favorite.Los Compadres is affordable, laid back, and a great spot for catching up with family and friends. Since you pay upfront at the counter, customers never feel rushed to leave. There have been times where my family and I will spend hours at 'our table' - sometimes we even need to order a few more helpings of chips (50 cents per order)! They also sell their chips and salsa (in pints) to go! Since I start craving it even just a few hours after leaving with a full belly, the to go option is a great plus.Promise me that you won't go in thinking you'll be treated like royalty and have the chance to dine on tablecloths with fine china. Instead, expect to order at a counter, pick your table, stand up to get your food, and spend the rest of the time squirting salsa onto your delicious meal and catching up with loved ones without having to rush. Enjoy!! I'm already planning on stopping by for my favorite Mexican food when I'm back in town for Thanksgiving!
2	The food was less than spectacular....i had the carne asade burro.  The meat was extremely cold, chewy and lacked seasoning.  I would not come here again for the food.  However, the guy working the register was really sexy, friendly and helpful.  I may go again just to buy a bottle of water so I can see him but otherwise I won't be ordering food. lol
1	Ate here this weekend and what a disappointment! I used to come here with co-workers all the time and our experience was always a good one. Now mind you, this place is essentially a take out joint. So, I went to the take out section of the restaurant where they also have tables and ordered my meal. I couldn't help but a notice a VERY LARGE glass enclosed "tip" container.  I was instantly put off, but decided to save my overall opinion for after my meal arrived. I ordered my food from a young woman who not only failed to greet me, but seemed very annoyed to have to come to the counter and wait on me.  (I asked to "dine in" but you still have to order at the counter and pick it up at the counter. Nobody waits on you.) So I placed my order and waited. The cheese crisp was so burnt in sections I couldn't eat it, and the salsa they gave me was so watery I stopped putting it on my chips because it was making them soggy.  The taco was good. The overall experience was not good though, and the tip jar at the counter really blew my mind. That's like tipping at McDonald's. TACKY!!! What the hell happened to this place? I guess the owners just don't care anymore. Won't be back.
