5	Not absolutely sure if this is the first business of this business model to open in the 702, but I am absolutely sure that it is the newest and only business of this kind currently in operation.Cafe Teaze is what I would considered a hybrid business model combining a boba tea shop and a Vietnamese coffee shop (just Google or Bing it if you want to know more).  Specifically, the menu is what you would normally find at a boba tea house in California and the waitstaff are all bikini or lingerie clad women. The best part for me and I am sure for the target market is that these waitstaff are friendly and beautiful, and could easily transition from serving you boba milk tea to fitting right in at import model photo shoots.What can you order here?  11 types of milk teas (from the simple milk tea to Ma-Cha Ice Cream Milk Green Tea with or without boba), 5 different iced flavor teas (Lychee Green Tea and Passion Fruit Black Tea are what look the most appealing to me right off the bat), 6 varieties of Flavored Snow Ice, 5 hot milk tea options and 9 snacks (popcorn chicken, fried wontons, and spiral potato just to rattle off a few).Let's be frank here, even if your name is not Frank or Francis Underwood, I am here first and foremost for the eye candy, without getting hassle for doing the looking. That reality is what the proprietor is relying on in attracting new customers. However, the beverage and food are what the owners are banking on for lots and lots of repeat business after the novelty wears off a bit.For me hopefully the novelty will never wear off :)Review #15 of 2014
4	This is like the best version of hanging out with your girlfriend and her really hot friend. Always sneaking glances. I mean, is it cool to just check them out? The tea is pretty good. The girls sit and chat with you at your table. Its kinda funny awkward but they will chat about whatever. They smile and laugh; its like you are hanging out with a new friend. Super nice people. Weird funny chill. Idk what else to say. Interesting to say the least.
5	I've heard about places like this before and until recently, I've only heard about them in California. Now we FINALLY have one here in Vegas right in Chinatown. They have different types of teas, (milk, thai, green, black) hot and cold, and snacks too. Something those ones in Cali don't offer. And the staff (gorgeous-gorgeous ladies btw) are super friendly! By the time I walked out of the end of the night, they all knew my name. And based on what I read about some of those other places, that's a saying really positive about their staff.Considering all the reviews I've read about those other shops in Cali, this one definitely outdoes them from the menu all the way down to the staff. Def go down there.And besides everything I've already mentioned, there's an awesome perk. The ladies, which are already amazing looking, wear lingerie. It's like going to a Victoria's Secret photo shoot while at your favorite boba place at the same time.Oh!!!! ANDDDDDD they make their boba fresh everyday!!!! I normally get my drinks at other boba places without boba because of how crappy it tastes, but this is great. Try the taro with boba when you get there. Hope you guys like it as much as I do.
4	Came here with some friends for the soft opening. DISCLAIMER: Review is based strictly on the soft opening. Will come back soon to check it out when the cafe is fully operational.Yes, the hype is real! Girls in lingerie! Or underwear and bra. Adorable! It was a bit awkward for me at first, because I didn't actually think that they actually would have girls in undergarments serving you. I have a feeling people may have an attitude about the concept, but it's like any place on the strip with scantily-clad women serving you. They have a small stage here. Walls and decor are bare so far. I wonder what it will all look like once they're finished. Space was clean and could easily be filled up once open! Bare and empty for now. Echoes galore.For the soft opening, they had a limited menu. Not everything was available, such as the food. I ordered an almond milk tea with boba (with a black tea base). They came out in a cute mason jar-esque glass. Mine tasted delicious, freshly shaken, and perfectly sweet. Boba didn't taste gross, stuck together, or too chewy. The sizes were about a standard medium size priced at $5-$5+. A bit pricey.Friend ordered a thai tea with a black tea base. Other friend ordered a passionfruit black tea. The thai tea was sweet, addictive, milky. Definitely getting that next time! The passionfruit black tea was refreshing, crisp, and light. Left a pleasant aftertaste without being too heavy like other boba drinks.A couple waitresses came over and kept us company. Pretty gals. All I could think about was hoping that they'd moisturize extensively because it feels drying being in just your undergarments and moving around serving people! They were fun to talk to. I liked that they hung out with us. Felt super casual. (Reminded me of a south park episode with Butters at Raisin's lol) I came here with my two guy friends, so it was slightly awkward and different, but after a while of talking, it was fun and relaxed. Another chick came by to make sure we already ordered. Attentive service for a small space and they had lots of waitresses mingling with other customers.There were only a couple problems. For instance, the waitresses looked a bit lost when it came to my bill that it took a while to settle. I had a feeling they weren't all prepped or on the same page. Not a big deal since they're just starting out. Although there were a few kinks, it was a solid start in the right direction.The lingerie concept may have come from a viet coffee place in cali, it's unfair to label this as one just yet. I didn't see any coffee on the menu. Hopefully, there will be. I'm dying to have real vietnamese coffee that isn't overloaded with ice! I like their small menu. Smart move. Especially as a business just starting out.Once the staff is fully trained, and the space is prettied up, it definitely has the potential to be a popular boba hotspot (especially for the guy crowd). Fun place to chill with your friends (and for them to maybe fantasize, let's be honest) Service was very friendly. I can't wait to come back when they're fully open and check out their food, decor, and review their boba drinks again! I kind of have to, now that my guy friends won't shush up about it.
4	Located behind the building where Yosi, Kaba Curry and Bazic are at. They had a soft-opening a few days ago and of course, they're still working on kinks and what not. But with what I've seen and experienced so far, it's good. They have drinks for $5 and they'll have more food soon. We tried the French fries last night which was good.So, the concept is like the Vietnamese coffee shops in L.A. where the girls are wearing lingerie serving drinks and chatting with customers. And before feminist activists have a massive coronary, the girls at Cafe Teaze are of legal age and they are treated with respect by customers and the owner as well. If not, trust me, I won't hesitate to give anyone a headbutt or an uppercut. The Boba Babes are friendly and easy to talk to. They're like little sisters I like to hang out with and not some cheapo's. They taught me how to play Flappy Bird - I did terrible.They have iced drinks and hot drinks. Milk tea, Vietnamese coffee, iced tea and snow ice. I've tried a few of them.Iced Thai Tea with Boba:I love Thai tea. It was just a tad bit too sweet when I had it but I finished it to the very last drop which means it was good. The boba pearls were still soft despite the drink being cold. 4/5Hot Taro Milk Tea:I've tried the iced version but the consensus is that the hot version is better. The hot milk tea melts the soft boba releasing sweetness and thickness making it seem it has butter in it. 4.5/5Iced Rose Milk Tea:I absolutely dislike anything rose flavored. Rose flavored anything tastes like soap to me. One of the Boba Babes was like, "why did you order it?" In hopes that I would maybe one day like it - that day is now. It has fruity and floral notes. 4/5The place is clean and I love how they have electrical outlets and USB ports on almost every part of the shop so I can charge my phone. Clear acrylic chairs, board games, cards, heart-shaped bendy straws, red and brown walls. They're planning on having karaoke night or some form of entertainment in the future. It's a nice spot to chill and hangout. Now, if you're a sleazebag with a FUPA fetish that likes to wave your small gun around, this is not the place for you.
5	This may be the only time I ever give a 5 star review and never return back b/c I definitely feel like a creeper in the Teazer.A few friends wanted to check out the cafe after indulging in a massive food coma across the street.  As we walked in I'm not gonna lie - i was nervous - it felt like going to my first nudie club when I was prepping for SATs.  Don't come off like an OCG-IT....Don' come off like an OCG-IT .that's Old Creepy Guy....In training.   I like to think i have another 5-10 years before the IT is removed.  We were greeted by Courtney who was really sweet.  She sat down with us and told us all about the menu.  I really cant remember much about the boba drink I had but for 5 bucks it was great!   We played 6-7 games of Uno with Courtney's house rules and then played a version of Big 2 or VC.I definitely then pulled the creeper move but i SWEAR it was on accident......she asked our names and it went around the table and for some reason Charlie came out of my mouth.   If you don't know me, Charlie is no where close to what my name is.  Nowhere in the ballpark......At this time my friends were telling a story so i didnt want to butt in and after a few minutes i wasnt gonna say -- oh heyyyyy..... by the way.... my name isn't Charlie....so i ultimately passed the point of no return.  No notes needed - creepy move executed......checkEventually later, my name came up and did the explaining.  Anyhow time flew by - things felt more natural - the girls are sweet and easy to talk to.  Take care of these girls and tip well.  They go above and beyond exemplary service of any food server.  I'm not sure if i'll be back after pulling an OCG.   Side note - As I was walking out I saw 2 master Yelpers probably the Co-Dukes not counting the owner... decked out in suits - that was pretty pimp.
5	I love taro milk drinks. I love this drink even more when it's being served by a hot Asian girl. At Cafe Teaze, there is no shortage of cute girls in sexy bikinis serving up delicious food and drinks. The decor is eclectic with ample tables and chairs, free wifi, awesome hosts and owners. I'm a fan and I will be coming back!
5	I finally got to go here with a couple of friends and had a great experience.  =)As soon as we came in we were greeted and sat, and our Boba Babe (I feel it more appropriate than waitress or server) promptly handed us menus and let us know what was d and wasn't available as they are still in their soft opening.Each of us ordered something different and tried the boba - it was tasty!  I tried mango with strawberry popping boba, pineapple/coconut with mango (I think) popping boba, and my own was honey milk tea with normal boba.Our Boba Babe was super friendly and played Uno with us for a bit, making pleasant conversation.  Once it got a little bit busier, she went to attend other tables to make sure they were well taken care of.Next time I come I want to try the rose milk tea and the coconut milk tea.  =)
5	This place is unique as in it's the only one of its kind in Vegas. There are lots of these places over in California. Props to the owner for bringing this concept to sin city. Since it's Vegas you would think that there would be more of these things here where it is stereo typical to say "Only in Vegas" and "What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas".Here I am impressed by a lot of things. Yes the servers or "Boba Babes" are hot and they take care of your order, but what really caught my attention (besides the obvious) is the intellect and demeanor of these young women. Since this was my second visit (the first time I went with my wife and friends), I got the same attention in regards to service and friendly conversation. Just like my last visit, I was a bit nervous having a hot Asian chick in lingerie talk to me (well, other than my hot wife) at first, but I used the that one piece of advice I have heard before to get over my nervousness. You know, the one where you picture everybody in the room naked while you are fully clothed. Only this one was opposite. I pictured them with clothes on and of course I still had mine as well. The result was that they were just your typical young ladies that were using what they got to earn an honest living. After several conversations with several of the servers, I find out that some of their aspirations are actually note worthy. Since they are all still young, they are either taking college classes or are in the process of enrolling. Props goes out to these ladies for knowing what they want in life and just the fact that they are comfortable working at this place gives them the confidence to do anything especially in school.As for the products, since they are still in their initial stages of opening, some of the things on the menu are not quite available. Based on what I ordered that was available was actually pretty good so if that's any indication, im sure the full menu should be a delight to order from.If you refer to my pic, I tried the Popcorn Chicken. This was not your ordinary chicken bites. It was the Taiwanese style where a lot of spices are infused into the breading so it gives it flavor and a little bit of a kick. Im the kind that likes to dip my chicken in sauces no matter what style it is but that's just me. You can probably eat the chicken by itself. To wash it down, I ordered a passion fruit tea with the jello bits in it. When my server brought it to me, I couldn't help but ask if I can take a pic of her holding it about to give to me. She said, "Sure! I thought you would never ask! We did not dress up in these sexy outfits just so you can just take pics of the food and drinks. Take all the pics you want!" I only took that one pic because I did not want to make it look like I was a creeper even though she was comfortable with me snapping away. Some random info. They are open everyday from 6 pm to 2 am. There is no minimum to use debit/credit cards. 10 percent off your bill when you check in. They have free wifi. Just get the password. Awesome place to bring your laptop to study and do some homework if you are not easily distracted anyway. If anything, the servers are probably smart enough to help you with your thesis on the Roman Empire. I love the fact that they have plenty of power receptacles everywhere. For those that get bored easily, they provide some games you can play with like Connect 4, Jenga, and Uno. Once they are fully established, there will be a nice Karaoke Station set up where the stage part is. There are also talks of a foosball and pool table.In closing, this is not the place you think it is for you close minded peeps. The girls that work here are actually friendly and nice to talk to. Yes, its definitely not for kids but why would you wanna bring them here at 9 pm or later? It's definitely an adult hangout but not a strip club where you are required to get a drink minimum or pay an insane amount just to be there.Yelp 2014 365 Review Challenge #82
5	Ayeeee lmao
5	Teaze blends 2 of my favorites - milk tea drinks and sexy ladies - into a single business model. Having heard about Vietnamese coffee shops in California featuring bikini clad women brewing coffee and serving drinks, I couldn't wait to check it out! I mean sure I've been to restaurants and bars featuring this type of theme, but at a coffee or tea shop? It just seems different...and unique. The "boba babes" here or so they're called, are friendly and will usually sit and have a conversation with your table for a while. First time here? Ask them to recommend their favorite drink. Here alone? Play a game with them! There are plenty of card and board games to choose from. They also have free wi-fi avaiable in case you brought your iPad or laptop to get some "work" done.  Looking for Tony T? Well you came to the right place! Been here a couple times now since they've opened and I love their milk teas and boba drinks! Everything has good flavor and tastes fresh, and doesn't taste like it was made from artificial powders and additives like most other places in Chinatown. My favorite so far is the taro w/ boba, which you can get both hot or cold. The boba is perfecty cooked and is nice and chewy. This is probably the only tea shop where I make sure to finish all my boba instead of tossing whats left at the bottom of the cup. Most drinks are about 5 bucks a pop and they also serve appetizers/finger foods at around the same price point although I haven't tried any of them yet.
4	Went to check out this place after friends talked about it on face book.  It kind of seemed like a Hooters for boba tea and in some ways it is. The teas them selves are pretty good though they seem smaller then most other places,  though that might just be the glass jar type glasses they use that could be making them feel that way. The actual snacks are so so,  nothing real special and also rather small but they are just snacks so the size seems fine when you remember that. The waitresses are what most people come here for,  they're just wearing panties,  bra,  and high heels (I can not imagine what kind of pain they're in) and for the most part they are very kind and talkative like a hooters or twin peaks waitress, usually that kind of thing doesn't appeal to me but honestly it was not too bad. Our waitress was fun to talk to as we got into some very interesting conversations. I'll have to come again to make sure but right now this seems like a pretty good place to just drink a tea and relax but still missing a some thing to make it worth another star.
5	As a traveler and boba drinker, I have been to many places. Cafe Teaze is the first of its kind in Las Vegas. The atmosphere is great, delicious drinks and great tasting food at a reasonable price! The staff is very polite, helpful & gorgeous. I would recommend this place to people looking for a place to hang out, drink tea and experience something new.
4	Ok before you all start judging, i did not come here for the girls. I came here strictly to try a new place, for their tea. Between myself and a close friend of mine, we were both quite skeptical on the idea of this place. Girls dressed in bikini's or lingerie walking around serving you. Uhhh health safety maybe? LOL Came here for the first time, after a Yelp Elite event on the strip. Got dragged by this close friend of mine to go and check this place out. Little did we expect, we ran into quite the few yelpers as well. As well as a uh, specific, frequent regular there. The girls (a.k.a. boba babes) are very nice. They tend to want to join your group, self-inviting themselves to sit down and start up a chat with you or your group. Do be warned, some are still under 21 (something i found out from the girl who joined us on my 2nd visit with some friends)First visit, the menu was quite restricted, in a way. Milk tea, flavored tea, and a small handful selection of appetizers/snacks. My friend and I had shared a mango green tea. OH MY GOD ... it was like syrup + tea. yes tea. not water. the thing i really like about this place is their tea base is VERY strong and flavorful. Not light at all. But aside from that, they use a lot of flavoring/syrup/etc whatever it is. Diabetes in a cup anyone? Lol. Later i found out from that uh frequent regular, that i can order it less sweetened. Second time around, had gotten a different tea. less sweetened. Did definitely help on the sweetness, but still not too much of a fan of black/green tea. But they did expand on their appetizers and serve the entire selection now. If they did ever venture and come out with a jasmine tea though. I think they got a regular customer. I dont know why other places dont do it but, dang if they follow their style of strong teas, and get a strong jasmine tea. Thats a win for me ! whether it be a lightly sweetened flavored jasmine tea or a jasmine milk tea. sounds all good for me ! Also i heard today, from other yelper friends that the menu has been redesigned and new items have been added to the menu. They have various board games that you can play amongst yourselves in your own group of people, or with the girls who work there. Or you can play jenga with another friend and have the entire place of people watching you speed through... no matter what the other group of customers tell you to do to increase the difficulty (various way of setting up the jenga). i won every game so far =X The owner C.D. and his wife are usually there and do come out to talk with people. Very nice people. Give them your input too to help them with their business ! LOL additional tips on this business... good for kids? NOOOOOO HAHAHAHA
5	Good spot to hang out. Nice views, friendly people, and board games :)My boyfriend almost always orders the Iced Vietnamese Coffee.  It's good Vietnamese coffee.  Right amount of condensed milk where its not too sweet...it is very strong coffee, but that's Vietnamese Coffee in general.  What I have ordered:  Hot Taro- I love it best with Boba!  I've had it with and without, with boba just adds an extra touch, and you get a spoon and its easier for me not to burn my tongue.  Snow drinks: Lychee-Great blend of Lychee with ice, you can have it with strawberry/mango/or cherry popping boba.  Red Bean- it was good tastes like red bean :) I wouldn't recommend boba with snow drinks unless you don't get brain freezes...but this is good on it's own.  Reminds me of mocha..Coconut Pineapple Snow - Tastes like a pina colada :) Without alcohol of course.  I would recommend this with popping boba.  Gives it an extra something. **I also asked if I could mix strawberry and mango snow, and it was awesome!Milk teas- They make this from lactose free milk :)  So if your lactose intolerant...you can still have these!  I like the milk and thai teas.  They also had a honey dew milk tea that I LOVE!  It wasn't on the menu though but hey ask and see if they have and try.  You can also make it into a snow (with cherry popping boba and it tastes like a starbursts!) Flavored Teas - You can get these hot or cold actually.  I like them cold but I did try one hot.  They do taste like tea more than the syrupy.   They honey black tea is good.  I prefer the snow drinks or the hot drinks mostly when I go here though.  Foods. They have tapa and/or snacks. :  I like the edamame but that's simple.  They also have chicken wings, which I thought were spicy.  It was a milder spicy...but it wasn't non spicy.  I like the Furikake fries, yummy!  Also they have this pineapple teriyaki meatball that's good!  it's not in the menu but I love ordering them :)  They have had it everytime I came in so that must be a new thing they may roll out on the menu.  OH and Sweet Toast!!!  Bread with condense milk! :)  YUMMM.  Can't you tell I like sweet things?  :)Overall GREAT place.  Awesome people.  The Girls (Boba babes) are nice and when they can they stop and talk to you and perhaps play some games.  It's a nice chill spot.  An asian style starbucks? LoL.  Anyawys, great place should stop by and see it and try their boba.
2	Sorry to be the party pooper...but I don't find Cafe Teaze that great. Actually, the best part to me is the service. The girls were all smiles and very patient when it came to our large group. I also commend them for having the guts to wear just lingerie - that takes lots of confidence!However, the drinks are overpriced and not that tasty. Maybe if they offered smaller sized drinks for a cheaper price I would be more inclined to like the place, but for 5-6.50 dollars a drink...I am most definitely turned off. The presentation is cute, though, with the potted milk tea and the bendy straws.The most unappealing part is the surprise "one drink per person rule". None of the people in my party knew and we were all forced to purchase a drink. I got a rose black tea and it was just overly overly sweet. I couldn't even taste the black tea ):
5	Oh cafe tease you are wonderful.  Beauty and wonderful customer service... They even made a Sunday for my 3 year old.  They should really have merchandise to sell as this place is kitch heaven.
1	Alright obviously people are here for the experience, but I literally just wanted boba on a late night and this was the only place open.We ordered a green tea smoothie & thai tea. The thai tea was practically all ice. It was finished before we even received the green tea. As for the green tea, it was very sour tasting and couldn't even finish it before I left. Complete waste of money.So now our experience, like stated, I just wanted boba. I did not want some girl to sit down and fake laugh through the whole conversation. It was rather awkward, which is pretty predictable since I am a girl, but I did go with two guys and they as well found it very forced as well.Wouldn't want to come back.. Even if I craved boba past midnight.
5	This place is pretty awesome, i recommend people to try this place out. Boba prices are a little high, but that kinda what you get when it comes to a place having girls wearing lingerie serving you.
5	Monica LewinskyOk, so now that I have your attention, let's talk about Cafe Teaze. It's a cross between a boba shop and a Vietnamese coffee shop, to some extent. What the knockout for me is their plain milk tea, it is extraordinary. The tea flavor is unmistakably noticeable without being overwhelming. Cafe Teaze unquestionably makes some of the best boba in town. Soft on the outside with a slight chew on the inside, it is carried out to magnificence!Truthfully, The boba babes in their bikini's and lingerie's are another reason to pop in this budding enterprise. Not only do they look terrific, but they are welcoming and attentive. But please everyone, don't be a male copulatory organ and just come here just to look at the girls, order something like a drink or some food, it's still a business!!!So in conclusion:Knock! Knock!Who's There?Teaze.Teaze who?Teaze me!
5	Ladys are friendly good customer service I got to say I been to over 15 boba places here in vegas. I tried the thai tea with boba and the drink was pretty good. Better than other places. The boba is good and soft. The thai drink was awesome. I didn't really sit in side just got it to go. Less than 5 mins the drink was ready.  I will defiantly come back to try others drinks.
5	My first experience here was awesome.  The girls were so nice and explained the menu and concept to me.  I tried the Iced Green Apple Green tea which tasted great.  I learned I am not a fan of boba as the texture threw me off but it was nice to try it.  I even got to play a few games of connect four with my waitress and meet the owner, a fellow yelper!  This is a completely different experience than any las vegas tea shoppe and it is awesome.  I admit I was uncertain at first and expected it to be more of a strip club show than an actual tea shoppe but I was wrong, the tea stands up on its own and the girls, although in lingerie (which is probably why I lost 2 of 3 games of connect four) are very professional about their job.
4	Solid boba option- bonus points for being open late, which really is the only reason I stopped in. I had never heard of the boba babes concept before, and was a little intimidated to visit solo.  But ever since that first visit, I've been back several times for UYEs and late-night boba cravings after hitting the gym.Service is attentive and friendly, owner CD is a great guy and a fellow Yelper, the boba babes have sweet personalities to match their stellar appearances- thigh-tattoo girl is probably my favorite, she's there most frequently when I go.Pricing is reasonable, boba is never mushy, menu is simple but has a lot of options: rose milk tea, taro milk tea, and iced green tea are frequent picks, but they also have a good Vietnamese coffee. Love their heart-shaped straws and glass jars for dining-in. Menu also has a few snacks: heads up that the hot wings are actually hot.
5	Most definitely not your regular boba shop..Just a l-i-t-t-l-e different environment. The games they had available was enough for us to have a blast. I would say the games we played became a little competitive lol. We were there for 3 hours believe it or not. One of the ladies joined in a few times throughout our stay to small talk and join in the games; the ladies are interactive with their guests. I'm not a fan of green tea snow--yet alone any kind of green tea--but I tried theirs, I still have to say that I hate green tea. But I want to try their strawberry snows; if they had a strawberry banana--I'd be sold. I had their edamame and I liked it--I'd prefer if they were grilled with garlic and possibly adding a little kick of spiciness. I would most definitely recommend trying this boba shop at least once, to see if you're comfortable with the environment [ladies with nothing but lingerie and high heels]. I would have to say that I would go here over the other boba shops in the spring mountain area.If they had the board games Clue or Monopoly--that be better. It was just a tad bit chilly in there though and I was wearing sweats and a shirt.. I know the ladies were freezing lol. Nonetheless, I had a great experience as a first timer and we considered the possibility of making this our Monday night spot haha; it actually happening is probably unlikely, but I'm sure it won't be our last. One more thing, I'm not sure if this is an 18+  boba shop, but I wouldn't recommend bringing your kids here or even anyone under the age of 18 at that. My opinion.
2	Good concept but poorly executed. Since I am a girl, I know that this review might sound negatively biased.  I have been here twice and sincerely tried to like it..  Here are my main complaints:-Drinks are too sweet!! I ordered a rose green tea and it tasted like sugar water. -The snacks don't really impress...small portions and bland. -Interior design is lacking. Maybe add some more tv screens, change the lighting, add some wall art, or table games?-Today, my order came out wrong and a friend of mine received her potstickers still cold. Customer service is fine and the girls are pretty cute if you are in to hs girls. Overall it's a cool place to show my guy friends however, I would personally prefer to have tea and snacks somewhere else. Go here if you just want to see young girls in lingerie and are not concerned with ambiance or the taste of your food.
2	I really want to like this place. A few of my friends go fairly regularly and after seeing some of their FB posts I decided to give it a try. My first visit was lacking in service. I went again but had the same problem. Neither of the times I went were busy but my server (same for both times) was rarely available. She spent most of her time at the tables with large groups or in the back. During one of the visits I had to go to the counter to request utensils and condiments. I went back to my table and waited but they were never brought over. I wanted to order more but the server never made it back, so I just went up to the counter to pay my bill.Service aside, the drinks and food were good and fairly priced. Some people complain about the drinks being too sweet but I actually prefer it that way. I'm hoping that as business increases they'll have more tables and more food offerings, including dessert.
1	I don't know what's worse, the drinks or the fat girls serving it. Maybe both. #NotBlessed #DaddyIssues
4	Different concept. I mean its las vegas so what do you expect?! Ladies are wearing lingerie while serving you boba! Boba is really good though :) i'd come back if i didn't feel a little awkward. Hahaha Good service, nice people place is not just for me. Hahah
3	The concept of this place is unique in Vegas. Basically, you've all heard it; boba girls serve you drinks in their lingerie. Their service is impeccable. The girls are always smiling and friendly. I've been here 3 times and the service has been consistently great. They have board games to play. The girls sit down with you and chat as well as play board games with you. So why the three stars you ask? Honestly, I really wanted to like this place because the people here are really kind and it's not like a typical boba shop. I came for boba, and it's just too overwhelming on sweetness and the price is way too expensive for a little serving of tea.The first time I went I ordered a boba milk tea. Way too powdery and left a weird after taste in my mouth. I always compare milk tea to the ones I've had in Hong Kong and it just felt like powder that wasn't fully blended into the water. The second time, I ordered a flavored black tea, I can't remember if it was mango or passion fruit, I just remember something fruity. The tea taste is pretty good but I just can't handle all that sugar. I'd suggest going for black tea if you don't like it too sweet. The latest time I went I ordered a kumquat black tea. The tea was just too sweet once again. I expected it to be overly sour because it is a kumquat after all but once again I am having trouble with how sweet it is. I still come here because the service is good and to take first timers that want to go but it's really painful on the belly to suffer all that sugar. Don't be discouraged, I'd recommend checking it out at least once. If you like service, sweet drinks, and girls then you wouldn't have a problem here. But if you want the tea, I wouldn't come here for it.
4	3.5 stars but I'll round up.Been here multiple times and never really had a bad experience. However, did have awkward experiences haha. My first time was with bun and got my Rose MT. Pretty sweet where I could taste the rose so I was satisfied. But it was a little hard to concentrate when the cashier, with really big boobs, was taking our order. I looked for bun and me - sorry but they were huge lol. It was also a bit different with another waitress asking if I enjoyed my drink...when I have not taken a sip of it yet lol she was trying to be friendly, but I guess it felt a bit forced. Other times I went with bun and guy friends, bun made me realize that tipping there may only be for the experience - not so much the food. The popcorn chicken we ordered was dinky and more of like an appetizer size - costing $5.25, unfortunately it was very delicious, comparable to SF. The drinks also, are a bit pricey, small mason jar MT dine-in is about $5 I believe and with choice of syrup, it's around $5.50 - so a snack is as much as a drank lol^ going off of going with guy friends, this place is more of the experience not so much the food/beverages....And prepare to not cock-block your guy friends too when you go. Waitresses come to you less when a female is present lulz....really. that wasn't my intention, guys. honest.
4	Re writing my review the owner handled the situation with professionalism and handled the situation with etiquette not displayed at other business.I will definitely give it another shot
5	From iced teas to flavored snow ice, this place is a great spot to relax and talk to girls in bikinis
5	you might think a place where the waitresses are in lingerie would be sketchy yet it's anything but. the place is immaculate and the girls make it warm and comfortable. i noticed quite a few customers are women so even they're comfortable with the environment.Courtney and Deanna are way awesome. their positive attitude is catchy. dig the food, the games, the drinks [kick ass boba. yummy!], and especially the music. a fun place to escape and just chill.
3	Above average powder-based drinks at an above average price.Cafe Teaze is hidden away on the backside of the Thai place in an Asian strip mall (2nd floor). They are a Vietnamese Coffee Shop, e.g. cafe that serves food and drink with waitresses in lingere. I've been to coffee shops like this before, but they were ghetto and full of smoke. Cafe Teaze is modern and clean, and apparently gets packed later on at night. The ladies themselves were not at tip top physicial condition as those you may find in LA.THE DRINKS:I came here because the drinks sounded good. They are powder based but surprisingly, I loved the hot taro milk tea with boba (ask for half sweet). The potted milk tea was pretty good but small and expensive. It's milk tea topped with whipped cream and chocolate cookie crumbles. Total for two came out to $12, yikes! You're paying for the novelty of the mason jars and glasses, and the fact that you can talk to ladies in their lingerie. They also have a small selection of hot foods/snacks.For the boba lovers, it's pretty standard. I would probably opt based on size, value and quality to go elsewhere.
2	I will give this place two stars because it has a wonderful concept that I might implement better elsewhere. ---Everything here costs too much. A mango slushie is literally crushed/blended ice with mango syrup sugar juice, in a mason jar,  $5.50; maybe worth $3. A plate of 'furikake' fries were $4; maybe worth $3, also. Got 5 mozzarella sticks for $4, though; unfortunately the half container of cold marinara sauce covered maybe 2.5 of them. The place itself feels like some wide open spaced weirdo cafeteria cafe -- like Starbucks, but Starbucks has better lighting and branding on-par with its actual brand. "Cafe Teaze: Tease With The Tease" is their slogan/catchphrase and really makes little to no sense. Especially with their stark ass lighting. Dim the lights, paint the walls like you have 'em in the bathroom, and stop with the shitty acrylic/lucite/whatever clear plastic chairs from Crate and Barrel (you know the ones I'm talking about). Get some couchy slouchy chairs and love seats, get some COFFEE (or tea?) tables, and I think your business will go up. Great concept, definitely expandable, take it where you know it can go and don't half ass it. Sorry for the honesty; please don't penalize my friend next time he comes in. (aside: maybe matchin uniform for the girls? could be a nice touch.)
5	I dont go here for the boba I go here for the boobi.....boba o_O courtney was really cool! Team courtney! I love you....I mean cafe teaze is cool. i think i was drunk....well buzzed coming in so it was even more fun lol. i love boobi...boba. ill definitely come back again
4	Cafe Teaze is located on the 2nd floor, north side of the plaza. The entrance is behind the plaza - you can't see the place from the main parking area.The boba here is way over priced, but pretty good. There were three girls when I was there - 1 was decent and the other 2 were way below average.  The service is not bad though, they check on you frequently.  They have a decent selection of board games available - jenga, checkers, cards, etc. My only complaint here is that they really really light up the place with fluorescent light - so there's this unnatural bright blue glow everywhere.
5	I came out to Cafe Teaze for a UYE game night with Eric and Brian.  I did a little research before I came out, and since I had never had boba before in my life, I was really excited to try it!The cafe was easy to find, since I used the "get directions" option on the Yelp app. (If you turn right onto Edmond Dr from Spring Mountain, there is parking right in front of the cafe.)We got there about an hour before they opened, which was my fault, I didn't read the hours properly, so my fella and I wandered around a bit to kill time. Once we met up with Eric, and the Cafe opened, we went in and found a seat.  There are several tables set up, and a little corner with some "couch" type chairs and games, like Connect Four, Jenga, and others. We had brought our game with us, so we set up, and then one of the lovely "Boba Babes" came over with menus, sat down with us and introduced herself.  I had done my homework, and knew that the servers were pretty girls in lingerie...but these girls really were so much more than that.  Number one, pretty is an understatement.  Each of the girls are, simply put, beautiful.  And VERY personable!  They were so nice, and would sit down and chat with patrons...we had a couple different girls come over to ask us about the game we were playing, and they were very intuitive about when to stay and engage in conversation more, and when to leave us to our game.  I REALLY liked that a lot...they were not annoying in the slightest, and whether they were genuinely interested in the game or not, they gave the impression that they were, and that was cool.  (also, they chatted with me too, being the only girl at a table full of guys.  Bonus!)So now, onto the drinks!! They have several different drink options, and never having had boba before, I was nervous, and a little overwhelmed.  **Note** You do NOT have to have boba in your drink.  I just REALLY wanted to try it.  In doing my homework, I'd asked on Yelp Talk what some people's preferences were, and a few people said they liked the milk tea options.  So, I went simple: A honey milk, black tea with boba.  (just plain regular boba). My fella decided to ask to try the cherry popping boba (sounds like a band name!) before deciding on his drink.  After trying it, he decided on a honey black tea with cherry popping boba.I LOVED mine.  The tea was sweet, but not overly, and the boba had a nice chewy texture.  Morgan's was MAGICAL.  The sweetness of the honey tea, and then a surprise burst of cherry when you chewed the boba...delicious. I will absolutely be going back to try other items on the menu.  They also serve food, some of which smells WONDERFUL.  It was also awesome to see the owner, too.  He introduced himself as we walked in, and stopped by the table to check on us later on.  Excellent. All in all, I was very pleased with the quality of the drinks, the comfort and ambiance of the location, and the incredible service!Great job, Cafe Teaze.
4	Some people say the drinks here are a tad too expensive but i find it to be the same compared to other bobba tea shops in the area. Stumbled upon this place after having dinner in the area. The layout of the place is just wierd, its like you're trying to have everything and nothing just seems to fit together. The decors on the wall looks like it was leftover by a Thai restaurant. Yet, you have pretty girls walking around in thongs while you play jenga while watching sports on tv. It just doesn't seem quite right. The bright white lights doesn't seem to help too. The atmosphere just feels funny. Apart from the wierd sense of decor, the drinks were great and not overly sweet, bobba was chewy and has a spring to it when you bite it. Forget spending 5 bucks at some taiwanese restaurant for their bobba tea. For the same 5 bucks, you get to see hot chicks in thongs serving you bobba tea.
5	Was here about 6:20 pm on Sun/14 Sep with my NorCal buddy:- The UYE game night already started so we decided to sit at a separate table (that's what we get for being on Asian time).- Had the large Iced Lychee Green Tea, tasty but really sweet.  Think I'll go with unsweetened green tea time.- We chatted with the servers Kristal & Ellen, both personable and customer service was spot on.  Also met briefly CD, the cafe's prioprietor, cool guy.- The place has been open about 7 months but now that I've confirmed it's a great hang-out spot (& I'm within walking distance), I'll be back many times more.
1	Now, I did not come here by choice. It was a co-worker's birthday at Kaba Curry. They arrived there later, so my friend wanted to go there to look at the girls. So, we all ordered drinks, and our server was really friendly. She recommended drinks and suggested different toppings and other things. A couple things that REALLY bothered me. We had someone in our party show up 5-10 minutes after we ordered. All the guy's drinks arrived before the girls- even the one that arrived later. Uh... how come they didn't start making the drinks when we ordered, and was it just coincidental that the guy's drinks came first. Also, they put an autogratuity. Uh WTF! You made a drink and brought it to the table. That's all they freaking did. So, they overcharged me for a drink and forced me to tip them. Why?  The drink was not to my liking at all. It tasted like pure black tea. And I know most people like that, but I want to taste the almond. All the other reviews complained that the drinks were too sweet. I did not taste that at all. I will never come back again. It's a waste of money. Also, isn't it disgusting? Girls in their lingerie wearing heels making drinks? It's totally against food and safety laws. They are forced to wear heels. Don't they have to wear slip sole resistant shoes because they're working with food? Or do drinks not count?  Also, this place is sexist. They don't hire guys.  Isn't that against labor laws?
5	I wasn't going to review this place but after seeing how absolutely outlandish and absurd some reviews are on here (Yes, those of you who view $5 drinks as pricey, wondering why the "Health board hasn't shut you down already" (LOL, have you ever been to a club/ultralounge in Vegas?  Do you understand how nightlife works in this city?), and calling the girls fat (REALLY? Insecure much?  Do ANY of the girls in the photos here look fat?  If that's fat, then I'm going to start my diet tomorrow, btw.  But on a serious note - NO, they're not fat and even remotely close to it and it's attitudes like that which cause unhealthy diets and poor image problems in girls /soapbox), I have to offer my opinion on this.  And yes all your nonsense pushed my normally four star review into a five, so take that.  SOMEONE has to counter the sea of ridiculousness and insecurity that mounted these hateful, yes, HATEFUL reviews.  (Two catty sentences and obnoxious passe' hashtags do not a review make.)So here goes - I love the concept of this place.  It's an ultra-clean, brightly lit establishment that offers scantily clad girls with light snacks, some dinner dishes, and conversation.  The origins of this place are Vietnamese with some Japanese influence and Vegas at it's best - sexy, flirty, and sweet.  Seriously, this is Vegas.  There is virtually no other city in the country that would be more appropriate for this.  You can come and play games, be loud and rowdy, flirt with girls - most of them play video games and are serious gamers (OMG Professor Layton LOVE!)  who just HAPPEN to be in their underwear.  They'll also join in games if it's not too busy.The drinks are strong but you certain ask for them to be less sweet or less bitter.  I like intense flavors so I go for double Macha, for example.  But the tea is STRONG so put on your big boy/girl pants and prepare for a long night.  Decor is simple.  As I mentioned, brightly lit and squeaky clean.  Super expensive designer chairs, red and kind of Zen-ish.  I think the theme is a little.. uh, misplaced, but for being a minimalist kind of element, it works.  The popcorn chicken must be sprinkled with crack because I just want to eat them nonstop.  Menu has undergone a transformation which offers more food and drinks.Owner is very friendly and will sit and talk with you if he's not cooking.  Proud of his establishment and has every right to be - he's offering a unique product done well that has a strong clientele and will be around for quite some time.  And that makes me very happy.  So you might see me there, playing my 3DS.  Drinking a cup of non-sweet simple hot tea.  With good house music.  Not a bad way to spend a Wednesday evening.
4	Located in the same Plaza as Kaba Curry. Before it was a nice little bakery that sold pretty damn amazing pastries, but that's not important in this review. Since the last time I visited, they have added much more food and drinks to the menu including Shaved Snow. Ended up getting the Macha ice cream green milk tea and some furikake fries .The concept is interesting. It's a brightly lit area with see through chairs and women in their lingerie serving the food and talking with you. These girls by the way, are just very nice and wonderful girls to talk to. Deana is one that I can easily remember having a very decent conversation with while my friend sat there too shy to talk to a girl, especially when she was scantily clad. But I must say if you are going to start a fuss over the boba babes, leave. They are all of age and arent being mistreated by the staff or the customers.
5	Its not easy to come up with an original theme, so when someone puts up the ante and come up with a place like this, theres a sense of respect one would give for the creativity... serving hundreds of people a day, that alone is a challenge, how much more if your doing it in heels and lingerie. In a way theres an art to it. For decades beauty in the female form has been portrayed in paintings, music and art in general. You see beauty illustrated in a painting and you are moved by the portrayal, that is the classical way art is interpreted. Art in this perspective however makes it unique. the art in cafe teaze for me is how beauty is personified, and as a plus factor,  puts an effort to genuinely get to know you.Thats what makes cafe teaze unique... and thats where michelle comes in. michelle for the lack if a better word, is awesome! She has a genuine sense to her thats hard to find nowadays. she really puts an effort getting to know her customers. Despite the hard work she does serving hundreds of people. she put an A+ effort getting to know me instead of seeing me as a bill to serve, which is more than i could say for the majority of eating establishments out there.This is by far the most genuine conversation I have ever had with someone serving me food...It is safe to assume that when you go here you won't be staring at your phone till your food arrives and as hard as some of you who are reading this might be able to accept, it isnt what they're wearing but the effort they put to make sure you are genuinely entertained
3	I came here with a group of friends after karaoke. It was around 10 and I heard that they had games to entertain customers. HEL LYES WEL PLAYED UNO AND WE HAD SO MUCH FUN!! When we first got our drinks, the flavors and sizes were messed up and we had miniature versions. But the server was kind enough to bring it back to the kitchen to correct our orders. The drinks themselves are alright, the boba was kinda hard....and the drinks were a bit too sweet, but it didn't really get to me because I was having fun playing Uno. I'll be back again if my group of friends and I are around this area.
5	I have to say I heard good and bad things about this place from my friends, but after my personal experience here, I think it's a great place! If you know what you want, ask for it. The menu is extensive, and offers great teas/coffees and comfort foods to snack on if your hungry. The girls are friendly, and make time to sit and talk with you if you are alone or even in a large group. Deanna, Michelle and Tangie have been very nice, respectful and attentive. I look forward to enjoying more evenings in their good company!
5	I love this place.  The food is good.  The drinks are great.  But what sets it apart from other cafes is obvious.  Gorgeous female servers who wear nothing but bikinis and lingerie.  Our waitress was Michelle.  She was nice, attentive and easy to talk to (and easy on the eyes as well).  I will definitely be back.  BTW to the woman who gave this place a one-star review.  If you don't want to see hot women in their underwear serving tea then DON'T VISIT A PLACE LIKE THIS!
5	Wow!   This place is cool.   SUPER friendly service and a huge variety of teas!   Small food menu but good.   Think it atmosphere would look a bit better with dimmed lights like a restaurant.  The girls constantly smile!   Love it!
4	Great "off the beaten path" place for boba. Just the right place to "warm up" on a cold night...and served by your pick of the number of special "boba gals" on staff.
2	The boba here is decent, depends on what you get. The food is horrible. Don't bother with the food menu.
5	First time here and the service and boba were awesome! Im often forgetful especially with names,  but our server (I think it started with an L.. leilani?) was super chill. Greeted us as we came in then sat down and small talked. Ordered a vanilla chip w/ boba. DELICIOUS.
5	I've been here a few times. Pretty good business idea and it appears to be working well. To the best of my knowledge, there are no other places like this in Las Vegas. Here's why I like this place: every time I have friends coming from out of town, I have some place interesting to take them, (that they've probably never heard of), without having to spend a lot of money! Plus, they are open until 2am.If you're thinking of coming here just to get your rocks off, do yourself a favor and don't. It's not that kind of place. Nothing sleazy about it, sure, the boba babes walk around in bikinis, but that's it. If you think that is sleazy, then you have issues. Don't let the uniform, (or lack of one), fool you. They are polite, well-mannered and seem genuinely friendly. Boba is good - similar to some of the boba they have at Tea Station, but not as sweet. The Boba girls, however, ARE sweet! My favorite drink there is the Pineapple Coconut Yogurt with boba as well as the hot taro. The owner is still in the process of putting new things on the menu, but so far, my favorite is the popcorn chicken. The only thing I can complain about is the decor - it's a little spartan and sterile, but then again, what are you gonna look at, the babes or the walls?
5	Place was pretty dead when I went yesterday with my best gf but we enjoyed our convo with Ellen :) she was super sweet and fun to talk to!!! I'll definitely comeback cause I love how I felt welcomed and how good the Taro boba tasted and Taiwanese popcorn chicken :)
3	I've been wanting to review this place for a while now.  Been here twice and both visits were very different.  The first time I came in was at least a month ago, I didn't know what to expect but the place is very bright, I can't even imagine how the girls working there must feel about it being half naked and pretty much under a spotlight  the whole time because it was already starting to give me a headache the first few minutes I was there. Anyways, I was given a warm welcome by the server Michelle.  She recommended a drink and it was out in a few minutes.  I stayed for a while and conversed with Michelle and even the blonde girl who made my drink (didn't catch her name) stopped and checked if everything was going well.  They were very genuinely friendly, funny and intelligent.  5 stars for their service and drink was enjoyable, but the second time was just okay.  I was hoping I'd see someone from my last visit, but it was a different set of girls.  Ellen welcomed me right away and I decided to try something different.  It was some sort of green tea ice cream drink and I was a bit hungry so I got a teriyaki chicken plate. Ellen sat with me as I waited for my drink and she is very upbeat and friendly, but we didn't seem to have much in common as it felt like I was talking to someone in high school but it was probably just an age gap thing. I think the owner was in the corner making out with his girlfriend made it even a little more awkward. The teriyaki chicken came out when I was almost done with my drink and wasn't worth the wait or the $10 because it was literally just chicken and rice with some weird sauce that doesn't even taste like teriyaki.  Overall, it's a hit or miss whether or not you'll enjoy your company with the girls working there or if any of them are your type but the food is below average and the drinks are good depending on what you get.  Service was good both times, but overall the place is just okay.
1	This has a really weird vibe. When you sit down at a table the half naked girls have to come over and sit down and have an awkward convo with you. They have board games that are so old and dirty. The boba tea isn't that good and it doesn't seem very sanitary to have these girls make it for you. When I left I just felt dirty.
1	I looked this place up on yelp because I wanted boba tea. It had good reviews so I thought I'd try it out. When I finally found the place it was in this back corner and curtains covering the windows. I thought it seemed sketch, but I went in anyways. As I entered this half naked girl with pasties covering her boobs stood up. I was so caught off guard, but she asked to take my order. She made the boba tea and I left, the boba was ok. I had no idea that it was half naked girls serving you, so if you're just looking for a boba shop late at night don't go to this place.
5	Best boba in town!This is a very unique Tea bar. You come in thinking your getting some tea and you end up getting Teazed! LolThis is your classic tea joint but you're served by good looking half naked Asian woman. So get it: cafe Teaze? Hahaha!!! I knew you would. The drinks are very well flavored. I personally like hot almond milk tea. But they have all types of boba. The owners are cool too. Laid back and down to earth. Come in and support this great local business.
