4	I'm one lazy bitch. I have four bottles of moisturizer spread throughout my house. Why? So I don't have to go all the way to the bathroom to get it. Some days I sleep on my couch because my upright is laying on my bed and I don't have the strength to move it (but also because I have a tile floor and no hard case). I'm so lazy that I can't even be bothered to think of creative screen names. The URL for my yelp profile is the same one for my myspace, livejournal, and gmail. They may even all have the same password, too, but I wouldn't know. I just check the "remember me" box on all of them so I don't have to put in my info again when I sign back in. Fuck, what IS my password?I'm so lazy I can't even be trusted with simple tasks, like preparing my own lunch. Fridays means I get out of work at 1pm, which means I have the house all to myself for a couple hours to play my upright bass as much and as loud as I want before other people start showing up and start demanding to able to hear the TV. Haters.Anyway. So Fridays means getting takeout for lunch. Because I know that if I actually try to prepare a lunch at home, eventually I will get caught up in something else and bam, there goes my practice time until everyone goes back to bed. Usually "practice day" means Dragon Garden Express, but on my way there I spotted Big Daddy's Frankfurters.Though I've known about Big Daddy's for years (how could I not? I live within walking distance), I've been hesitant to give them a try. Not just because hot dogs are the rat bastard of the meat community, but because with a name like Big Daddy's, deep down I expected to walk inside to be greeted by Danny DeVito's crazy sex offender third cousin who gives me a big smile and says "Welcome to Big Daddy's! Whose your Daddy?!"Oh, hai, I'll get a chili cheese dog and a pillow to scream in.In spite of these fears I bravely opened the door and stepped in to find a well-adjusted-looking gentleman sitting at the counter who perked up, literally jumping to his feet the moment I stepped in. Judging by the time of day I imagined business was slow. I ordered an all-beef dog and a bratwurst. Now, personally, I've never understood the "all-beef" craze. While I applaud their honesty, I just think that it's a grim reminder of the reality we face with "non-beef" dogs.A hot dog vendor saying "Our dogs are made with 100 percent beef" gives me that same foreboding feeling that hearing the girl at Sephora say "and the best part is, none of this stuff has been tested on helpless animals".At Big Daddy's, every dog/sausage comes with four free toppings. I opted for cheese, relish, sauerkraut and grilled Italian onions (don't judge me). As he fixed my lunch the man at the counter, who I'll assume is either Big Daddy or at the very least Large Uncle By Marriage, said "Man, this stuff is going to get messy when you get it home, but boy will it be good".Personally, I appreciate that level of honesty. I cannot begin to tell you how much less complicated my life would be if occasionally the girl at the Pane Bianco counter would say "You're going to break your fork trying to cut these fresh tomatoes but they will be soooo juicy", or if the bartender would say "you're going to ruin someone else's shirt later but this drink will be delish" when he handed me a hurricane.To put a cherry on my sundae, he gave me a bag of chips "on the house". Though to be honest I think it was more a manner of cleanliness than customer service. One, I didn't complain (surprisingly), and two, it was the last bag in the box. Either way, I was being undeservingly rewarded for trying a place out for the first time, and I liked it.I rushed home with my lunch in my passenger seat, wondering exactly what he meant by it would get messy. Perhaps the sauerkraut would crumble, or the onions would be greasy.Imagine my surprise when I opened my little styrofoam box to find my frank and brat covered in cheese sauce. None of that mincy shredded cheese you get at Taco Bell. Cheese sauce, thick and gooey, like the kind you get at a concession stand or gas station.You'd think that cheese sauce and sauerkraut would be gross. And by Eris, how you would be right. It was the nastiest, messiest frank and brat I've ever had, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't enjoy that, just a little. Okay, maybe more.My poor choice of complimentary condiments aside, the franks themselves were amazing. They tasted like they just came off the grill, like the hot dog carts that hang outside of strip malls and Home Depots.By the end of it my face was a train wreck, like a bulldog eating custard. I scraped off onions and cheese sauce from my lips and chin, realizing that while I may have had the perfect lunch, it cost me my dignity. Which is fine. I'm actually surprised I was able to trade it in for so much.There was more I wanted to say, but I don't feel like typing it, so I guess I'll end it here.Le sigh.
2	The food was good, the atmosphere and experience were quite a different thing. I go in and ask about the buffet, cause I read the sign that said hot dog and cheesesteak buffet, and I got the most convoluted explanation ever.  I asked for two different hot dogs and fries, and they forgot a hot dog. When I called to say I didn't get my hot dog, instead of saying sorry and giving me another one I get put on hold while he yells at someone. Till finally I just give up and realize its not even worth it.
4	Well we tried this for dinner last night and it was pretty good.  We both had a Cheese Steak and fries.  The food was pretty good.  I will be back because the service was awesome.  Both the owner and the other guy there were super nice.  I hope people give it a try.
4	Good selection of dogs and friendly service.
5	Food was great, Chicken Cheese Steak wasn't dry at all (which is usual around here) and the prices were more than reasonable. Definitely will be recommending them. Letting customers play Xbox was a nice touch ;-)
4	Finally tried G's, which we've both seen and heard about.  I must say, it's pretty good!  Hubby went for the hot dog buffet, and I had a cheesesteak.  We also got waffle fries and onion rings.  First off, the staff are really friendly, which is always a plus.  My cheesesteak was very good, but I felt like I missed out on having the hot dog buffet, which I'll definitely go for next time (and there will be a next time).  Lots of fun choices on the buffet, and what my hubby got was delicious, although he kept it pretty basic.  The fries and rings were really good, and not greasy.  My personal favorite were the onion rings, they were exactly what you'd want an onion ring to be.If you're a first-timer, like we were, it's a little confusing when you first walk in.  We weren't sure if we should just grab a plate and start at the buffet, or wait to speak to someone.  So, we settled on the safe bet, and waited to find out what we were supposed to do.So glad we made the decision to try G's out, and next time, we'll know exactly what to do!
4	Not ready when arrived & it was after 10 am, close sign was still up. Food was fresh and very good.
4	points off for...1. Called ahead to make sure they were open, when we got there sign said "closed".  The door was in fact open and we notified them that the sign said closed.2. A child took our order (looked like 10 years old). I did not feel this was appropriate.3. A smoke alarm with a low battery alarm kept chirping over the dinning area.Good stuff..1. The visible areas were clean2. Service was friendly3. Food was good and seemed to be prepared fresh.Overall it was a pretty good experience and I plan to go again.
4	Places like G's is reason #74 why I love yelp. I would have never stumbled on this little gem without my boyfriend searching yelp for food close to the driving range we were at.  They have a ton of options for hotdogs and cheesesteaks, plus they deliver (no charge) ANYWHERE in the Valley!! Nobody does that!  Prices are super cheap so you can easily buy two of anything without it hurting the wallet ..... AND they have soft serve ice cream as dessert when you buy anything on the menu!
5	I came here with a group of 10 other people and I couldn't have been happier with the experience we had. From the outside, we were a little bit skeptical, but once we came in, the two people at the front were more than friendly, they made our entire group feel at home immediately. The cheesesteaks were amazing, the hot dogs were amazing, overall experience was awesome. Definitely wish that they had a place like this back in California (where we're from)!
4	Customer Service was excellent.  I always ask the server what the place in know for when I go somewhere new and I got a great detailed response!  Food was pretty good and resonably priced.  It will definitely be a repeat.
4	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR G'S BUFFET!  = = = = = =G's here has a daily HOT DOG BUFFET, & is it ever good!  All sorts of different kinds of hot dogs available, plus big selections of condiments, other hot foods & many side dishes.  I enjoyed a big Smoked Polish Dog, an Italian Sausage Dog, potato salad, cole slaw, mixed fruit, mixed steamed veggies, tasty onion rings, BBQ Chicken & more.Hot Dog Buffet Monday through Thursday:  $8.95 including fountain beverage.*  For $10.95 they will make you a big sandwich too (but why?).*  For $14.95 on Friday & Saturday they put out more food items, soups, crab legs, shrimp, & prime rib as well as the hot dogs.It's a big YAY! & a high 4 Stars for G's Hot Dog Buffet!     :-))
5	Awesome. Smallish place, great food, friendly service. I'll be back.
4	A HOT Dog Buffet you say? (yes a hot dog buffet and it is real good). Robin N. Rand H. and myself went here for lunch and it looked like they were going to get one or two stars because most of the trays were empty. Well as it turned out they have all these empty trays but they cook your dog when you order it which is much better anyway. There are about ten different hot dogs you can order and 3 I ate were all great. They also have all the hot dog condiments imaginable. The BBQ chicken wings are also very good.So if you like a good hot dog you will love G's.
1	I found this place because I didn't feel like cooking and wanted something other than pizza and Chinese food. I found this place on yelp and read good reviews so I decided to order. I ordered a hoagie cheesesteak,  a hot dog and waffle fries for my son and I. The price for everything was less than 12 which I thought was great until I waited over 45 mins for my food to be delivered. The driver called and said she was lost , she was in a totally different area than I lived, so I told her my cross streets and she just hung up the phone. I decided to call the place and was told by Victor that he will call to let her know again where to go. The delivery person came 5-7 mins later but did not have change for a $20, to the best of my knowledge a delivery person must keep change , there was no way she was getting a $8 tip for this inconvenience.  I told the delivery person to hold so I can see if I have change. She went back to her vehicle and bring back her boss who was in the vehicle translating for her. I could not believe this, I was so disappointed that she could not understand me and then for her to tell her boss I was going to give her less than the bill. I decided to call the place while the delivery person was there and provided them with the issue I was having. I paid for my food since the boss had change but there was no way she was getting a tip nor will I ever purchase food from here again especially since it was not great.
5	Delicious Philly cheese steaks!  I'd definitely go back the next time I'm in the Phoenix area.
4	Good cheese steak. I would put them in competition with some of the top places in Phoenix. They don't use cheese whiz but the provolone is good also. Definitely coming back.
4	Holy surprise Batman! Who would expect such a killer philly in a rundown strip mall? Pulling into the parking lot had me second guessing my original decision to try this place, but channeling my dad, I remembered that some of the best places are the least flashy. The cheese steaks are some of the best I ever had and holy cow they have a ton of hot dog toppings. I have now dragged just about everyone in my hubby's family here twice.
4	Great variety and awesome prices
5	Really?! All you can eat cheese steaks that are this good? Place is a very unassuming local that I was not so sure of walking in, however my buddies assured me this was the spot to eat. They weren't kidding. Best cheese steak I've had locally in quite awhile.
5	We had a yelp groupon to G's Food because we heard good things about the place. What we encountered blew us away. I'm still a big confused if their hot dog buffet is every day of the week, or just Friday and Saturday along with their other food choices. Regardless it is 14.99 and that includes a drink, we came during their all you can eat king crab legs and prime rib. Both were extremely good, and this place is hardly your typical buffet. In fact  when you walk in it looks like a small diner with a buffet row, it is very much a "divish" location. In addition to the what is on the line, I was told you can choose ANYTHING from their menu as well and it is included. Since this place is primarily a diner most of the time you can expect quality food. Their hot dogs are excellent all beef hot dogs, and they have various other choices in sausages. There are a TON of toppings to choose from, whether it is cheese sauce (which was not bad at all), to real bacon bits to about anything else you can think of. If you want something from their menu just ask, it is included with the buffet, they'll prepare it fresh. So you want all you can eat cheesesteaks? They have you covered, unfortunately I didn't get the chance to try them because we mainly came for the all you can eat crab legs, but I will next time! I believe there are different price levels for their buffet, so make sure to ask, I believe the hot dog buffet by itself is around $8.Above all us you can tell the place is run by good down to earth people, which I suspect are also the owners. You can tell they care about their customers and will provide you with excellent service with a GENUINE smile. Even if their food was sub par (which it isn't) the service would make me want to come back. Unfortunately we came close to closing so some of the buffet items were thinned out, but I have little doubt you could just request them to prepare something for you.Looking at their menu, even if you choose to order individual items their prices are excellent! So if you are looking for a positive environment, (with great people working there) with good food at excellent prices you can't go wrong with G's Food.
4	= = = = = =  A HOT DOG BUFFET!!  = = = = = =It's been 6 months, which is a long time to skip this screwy Buffet, so I got together with Arlin B. to give it another go today.  What we have here is a variety of salad items, & then a whole bunch of different kinds of weiners and toppings to make hot dogs with.  For this visit, after salad, I enjoyed a basket of cooked to order Onion Rings (included in the Buffet price), salad, potato salad, various pickle spears etc., a small bowl of chili with cheese & onion toppings, and then it was on to a Skin-on Sabrett hot dog, a Bratwurst Dog, & a Smoked Polish Dog, my favorite of the three today.It's $8.99 on Monday through Thursday, & $14.99 on Friday and Saturday, at which times they put out more food items, soups, shrimp, crab legs and Prime Rib!This Buffet is set up kind of crazy, so you have to be patient with yourself to take full advantage of all that is available, but all in all, it's a real treat for the hot dog lover in you!     :-))
5	We've known of this hot dog place for years (not sure if it's under new management these days) but we'd never been. My husband was craving a polish sausage, so Yelp led us there.  The food was great...but even better was the customer service. They were incredibly kind and willing to get whatever we needed. My husband got his polish dog and several other types of dogs and he thought they were great. I was impressed that the hot dog buffet included cooked to order sweet potato fries, regular fries, tator tots, onion rings, waffle fries...basically anything you wanted, they made it for you. They even had an array of sandwiches, crab legs, shrimp, ribs, catfish, and soft serve ice cream. It's a great little hole in the wall!
4	This place is awesome!  I'd recommend the Classic Cheese steak if you don't go the buffet route.  My wife had chicken parm sandwich which was pretty good as well.  Not sure what they do with their onion rings, but wife said they were really good and taste like the ones you get at the fair.  I'll definately have to try the buffet.
3	The buffet here has 3 different buffet prices.  For the hot dog buffet only, it's $8.99, while hot dogs and sandwiches are $10.99.  On Fridays and Saturdays they include prime rib, shrimp, and crab legs in addition to hot dogs and sandwiches for $14.99.  All buffet prices include drink.  You can also order a la carte from the various hot dog and sandwich options.  I opted for the sandwich/hot dog buffet combo and started with a Sonoran dog, a Sabrett hot dog, and half a chicken cheesesteak with onion rings.  It was a ton of food!  The specialty hot dogs are made to order, and when it is ready the hot dog itself it will be placed in one of the buffet tins for you, and you will add the condiments from the buffet as you wish.  For just the Sabrett dogs, they are already placed in the tins for free range grazing.  There are a variety of condiments such as various mustards, ketchup, Chicago style and regular relish, sliced and chopped onions, hot peppers, melted cheese, tomatoes, and chili just to name a few!  The Sonoran dog came wrapped in bacon, and the hot dog itself had some nice pieces of spicy chile in it.  As for the cheesesteak, it had a lot of pieces of chicken with melted cheese in it.  The onion rings were really tasty, with a nice crisp batter and sweet onions.For dessert, there are slices of tiramisu for you to gorge on.  I shared some with my friend, and while the cake part of it was a tad dry, as a whole it was good.  Service initially was brusque, but warmed up and was more friendly as we sat down and waited for our orders to arrive.  There's a TV in the corner playing random movies from the "ThisTV" channel.  Teen Wolf 2 was playing, which made for some interesting pre-lunch conversations!
4	After receiving an email from Yelp! about this place, I had to try it. The reviews made it sound great. I have driven by this little place for years wanting to try it, but afraid. Boy, am I upset that I waited. I had the Classic Cheesesteak and this was as close to Philly that I can get in Phoenix. My husband had the all you can eat crab and said it was delicious, sweet, and cooked perfectly. We will definitely be returning to this place as the Yelp coupon brought a cost for a family of 4 under $20, tip included. The service was great and the owner was present. I love that even on a bad they will deliver to me. I cannot wait to go back and try something else. Thanks yelpers!
4	The food was all really good and they have a lot of variety. I really liked my cheesesteak. The only reason I gave them four stars was because they do it all you can eat crab leg buffet and I can't Stand the smell of fish.
5	Great food!!
4	I went here with my mother.  It was our first visit.I was not prepared for the buffet dining style.  It took me by surprise.The place was fairly small and there was a heavy crab leg/seafood aroma in the air.I ordered the all-you-can-eat hotdog option for $8.99 and my mom order a single specialty dog for about $1.90.  Why is this place so cheap!?I tried a Nathan's hotdog, followed by a Hebrew National, and then a jalapeno brat.  I was also provided with a side of onion rings and tater tots.  For dessert, we dined on some soft serve ice cream.I ate WAY too much.The food wasn't bad.  I don't really have anything to complain about, but something about the place made me nervous.I think it was because there is an extreme amount of disarray.  My mind needs order and I was trying to make sense of the chaos around me.I am also not accustomed to buffet restaurants.All-in-all, not a bad little place.Try it at least once.
5	Classic Cheese Steak, was on time!!!!!
3	The bane of my existence; places that offer quantity over quality. The food wasn't bad just par. The dessert was served from the Costco box it was purchased in and the hot dogs were, well hot dogs. Nothing special here. The prices were dirt cheap and I'm sure the local vagabonds love the all you can eat hot dog buffet. Yelp steered me wrong on this one. 3 STARS is appropriate.
5	Mos def be coming back.  Very good. If i ever find myself in phoenix ill come here.
4	Yo G.  Kind vittles.  you know how to make some tasty food.  Chili cheese fries are seriously right on.  cheesesteaks are all good.  Confusing place though.  the menu, the ordering is all confusing.  Not always sure who is an employee, not always greated by anyone.  Should be asked if you have been here before or have any questions.  Good vittles
3	First time here. Super staff took care of me better than most high dollar places. Cheesesteak sandwich and tater tots were avereage but fine.
4	Awesome little mom and pop type place been here about 3 times already. First time I did the all-you-can-eat dogs for 8.99. Ate about 6 hot dogs, some onion rings, and a Dr. Pepper.  There is a HUGE range of toppings you can put on your dogs offered at the buffet which include: pickles, jalapenos, sliced or diced onions, nacho cheese, chili, tomatoes, relish, chicago relish, real crumbled bacon, deli mustard, regular mustard, ketchup (purists aside), etc. etc. the list goes on. Pretty much anything you can dream of! I also came in during a transition period between breakfast and lunch and one of the staff said to have at it with the breakfast buffet if I wanted. Awesome bonus! Grabbed some biscuits and poured some country gravy over those bad boys before diggin' into my dogs.Second time around I brought my roommate and we had the all-you-can-eat buffet crab legs and prime rib for 18.99 (friday and saturday only). Felt bad about using the $10 for 20 yelp deal because I really like to support local businesses. Prime rib was pretty good, it was actually like really thin cuts of beef almost like roast beef don't be expecting a huge slab of meat and you'll be ok. It was pretty tasty, had about 4 plates of that.  The snow crab/king crab leg mix was extremely sweet, and fresh. Very high quality.  There was a bit of a wait time in between batches when the crab ran out, but it was worth the wait.  My roommate really liked the food, and the staff even made a special request of sunnyside up eggs to go with his prime rib. +++Third time did the hot dogs and sandwiches for 10.99. The Pizza STEAK is amazing! I think I can probably eat about 12 of those it's so good I can't describe it. Or maybe because my vocabulary is limited. Regardless its delicious go out and get one! Also had the cordon bleu sandwich which was pretty good, but I think i'll stick with the steak sandwiches.  Also had about 2 jalapeno dogs and loaded them up with toppings. Man I'm kind of drooling just thinking about it. I just went yesterday and I'm tempted to go again but I'll save some money. Love this place and I love to support local mom and pop joints. No other places offer hotdog/sandwich buffets in the area so this place is a gem.  If you are on the fence about trying it, I say give it a go. Definitely one of my new go-to places!
3	Got there late, so the food wasn't the freshest. But the service was very attentive and willing to get us anything we wanted. Mac n Cheese was really good and a variety of dogs and toppings.
3	This place is great! While I've never eaten on location, the hubby is always bringing home cheesesteaks and sweet potato fries from this place and they are to die for. And with their 20for10$ deal its perfect for anyone on a budget.
4	Nice people, good customer service.  A bit cramped dinning area, but great dogs.  Really enjoyed it
5	Different place, lady up front was great and the food was excellent!!
5	was here a couple of months ago and had forgotten to review. i have been here about 3 times. they have really good hot dog varieties. different sausages and toppings. different kind of french fries and sweet potato fries. and the employees are super friendly. i recommend it.
4	Where do I start? I've been meaning to try this place earlier, but the sketchy (not so appealing) appeal kept stalling my visit. The place is small. When I went, there were no customers. I knew what I wanted from the get-go and I shan't order anything else except for CHEESESTEAK. Upon entering you're greeted with a long buffet bar, which at the time was empty. There was a female host and she was very polite, energetic, and friendly. Good first impression. I ordered a philly cheesteak with provolone, but I had to have cheez whiz on the side. Once the sandwich was delivered-it was gone in probably 3 minutes. Really good- closest thing to a philly here in suburban Avondale. The meat was packed, no frozen taste whatsoever and the onions had a lovely caramelization. Best thing about it was that it wasn't heavy in the tummy. No "ughh why did I just eat that junk" feeling. I've been craving to go back, prices are decent too! Will opt for the hot dog next time. Very casual dining, almost too casual that I'd rather have eaten at home, but maybe it was only because we came at dead time.
5	For the price I wasn't expecting very much, but we were pleasantly surprised with really tasty food and incredibly friendly service.  They provide a big bang for your buck, but come hungry, because you are going to get a lot of food!
5	It's a great hole in da wall joint! A big plus they get a lot of there stuff from back east. Being a native to Chi town. I love this place! This is one of them spots that if u miss it u wish you hadn't. It's da bomb!
3	So I went to a hot dog buffet for a Sunday breakfast... No this is not a joke. I went to a hot dog buffet for breakfast...After jumping on Yelp to find "something different" and reading several of the reviews online I was intrigued and talked my man into going... Not an easy feat when he was kinda fixed on Waffle House. We called ahead to make sure and talked to the guy who assured us they had 2 separate buffets going. We chose to skip the run of the mill breakfast buffet and enjoy the hotdog/ chili/frys buffet.  We pulled up to nearly empty strip mall and walked into a small deli like place that was empty with the exception of two very friendly helpful guys. We chose what kind of dogs we wanted Sabrett's skin on and an Italian sausage which were both cooked to order... also to choose from were Viennas, Brats and Sabrett's skin off... We also got an order of fries and tater tots (they were out of sweet potato fries). The Chili that we threw on our fries and tots was thick and meaty, I am quite sure it was canned, but a good brand obviously. The two guys working were extremely friendly and helpful, clearing plates and keeping our sodas full. The coke machine was actually down, but on hand were plenty of cans to keep a coke drinker happy ( I have walked out of places not having coke...) Back to the buffet... lots and lots of little lined up containers of toppings were available. A few even contained salads which looked like they came out of a deli and we passed up on. The atmosphere... well... I was able to entertain myself with a stack of National Enquirers while my man ran down the road to McDonalds to a bathroom... (The entire strip mall was out, so I felt for them on that one..) Lots of food items and coolers are stored in the dining room as well as two deep freezers... kind of an odd set up. All in all, it was not bad, just different which I guess is what I was looking for when we walked out the door, Be careful what you wish for, lol. If I would have seen this on a Friday or Saturday night we might have been tempted to check it out for the Crab/seafood buffet, but I think I would go elsewhere having experienced them once. I honestly do not know how they have managed to stay in business for 2 years?!? After mentioning this for the third time during "breakfast" I was told to shush up... I think he feels like he got ripped off getting hot dogs instead of waffles this morning.
4	All you can eat for 9 or 10 bucks. Good price! You get the hot and cold toppings as well! I didn't give it 5 stars because I didn't get my fries.. ): but everything was good!!
4	Really good cheese steak sandwich at a reasonable price.
4	Good food, good prices. Nice little hidden spot that I've driven past hundreds of times and never thought to stop in until I found them on Yelp.  Lots of great choices on their menu. Fair warning however,  they are no longer accepting the $10 for $20 yelp deal that you purchase on Yelp for $10. This deal is still being offered,  yet they will not honor it because they say people are using the same deal many times.  The owner doesn't seem to have a handle on how the Yelp system of "redeeming" the deal works.  Also,  the business hours listed on yelp are way off.
3	It's alright, nothing special.  We had the Phoenix dog, Classic Cheese steak and a Coney dog.  Phoenix dog was a poor attempt at the Arizona famous Sonoran Hot dog.  Coney dog, well, was a very small but tasty dog.  The Cheese steak was good but not over the top.
4	Service and food were both very good. It's a nice hole in the wall type place. We got great suggestions on what to try and they even threw in some extra hot dogs.
4	The hot dogs are pre-made and available for a "hot dog buffet"They also sell cheesesteaks which are actually very good.Not fancy but good food.
1	WARNING!!!   This place has completely changed. The only buffet they have now is the hot dog buffet with frys and drink that's it. The all you can eat sandwiches are not included for any price. You now have to pay for each individual sandwich. Also, the crab and prime rib is gone completely. Of course, before I came tonight I checked there website and nothing has changed there. That is misleading as hell in my opinion. This is my first time here and I won't be coming back. The hot dogs are all cold and the buns are kinda hard. Not good. I will say the frys are very good and the guy behind the counter definitely felt bad about the changes. The service has been excellent. He gave me a free piece of chicken to try and make up for the changes.     It was explained that they were bought out recently and the new owners were going to bring back some of the buffets but he didn't know which ones. I recommend calling ahead before you come to find out.
4	I went here for the first time this weekend, searching for a cheese steak that could at least try to come close to what I had growing up (mozarella is a no for me, as is offered at many places). My sandwich was excellent, (almost) just like home!It's true that the menu online is not quite correct, but I wasn't looking for crab legs and prime rib, anyway. We walked in, and there is your topping buffet right in front of you. They did have a BBQ rib buffet on Saturday night that looked good. My husband had the all you can eat hot dog special, which made our toddler son happy, too. We also had unlimited fries, which were good! We could not just help ourselves to a hot dog; the employee handed those out, but they were great. Also, I wasn't looking for an unlimited cheese steak bar; no one needs more than one ;) The service was very good, very attentive. We also had Thrify ice cream for dessert. The place is very clean, too. I'd like to go back and try one of the chicken sandwiches. I also really like supporting a local business, and at about $25, it was a super good deal.
5	If your a fan of hot dogs or buffet you need to come all you can eat Chicago dogs all day if you gave it one star your crazy. come and enjoy all you can eat fries onion ring and tator tots . along with hot dogs so many toppings.
2	Not a good spot to visit if you're looking for freshly made food. Just about everything on their menu has probably come from Costco or SAM's club, thrown in the microwave and reheated. I ordered the flautas which came with rice and beans. You don't have to Mexican to now that what your being served was store bought frozen/canned food. To top it off it was a $7 meal.  The only good thing was the customer service.  Sucks to say it, because you want to see a family owned business thrive, but don't stop here.
1	Driving around with my family looking for a place to eat we saw g's and decided to give it a try. What a mistake! I've never seen so much grease on my plate in my life. We were sick all night after eating there. My wife still gets sick if I even mention that place.
4	This place is great staff was friendly and helpful. The only down side is so many to sides to choose from my ADHD set in. Specialty dogs rocked and tater tots to boot. Ill be back
5	The girl deni needs to realize this isnt as much a hotdog please as it is a cheesesteak place. If you want to great cheesesteak this is the place to go. I have been to Pennsylvania and had cheesesteaks in famous spots of Philadelphia and the ones here in Arizona from gs are the closest thing you will ever get to a real phili cheese steak. These things are loaded with meat and delicious cheese that just leaves you wanting more and more. Ive never tried anything else from there outside the classic cheese steak, but you are foolin yourself trying anythin else first and shooting this place down. These cheese steasks are just sooooo goood! Im amazed this place isnt more well known! Its sad, cause it rocks out loud man, five stars on the cheese steaks for sure. I wouldnt review this place until you try a classic, screw the hot dogs and all the other stuff. Ive had chili fries from there that were good, but not great. Bottom line- ABSOLUTELY CANT MISS W THE CLASSIC CHEESESTEAK!
1	If that's what a cheesesteak is supposed to taste like in Philly then I don't ever want to go to Philly!  This is one of the very few times that Yelp has led me astray. I only had this place bookmarked to try because it was a 4 star review. That cheesesteak was not good. Too salty, tasted like it was cooked in a sauce that should've been used for an asada burrito. With tax it came out to $7.58. What a waste!  This place is a good example of one and done!
5	This place is a Phoenix staple when it comes to food. You cannot find better hot dogs in the city than at G's Food. This amount of food you get with what you order is amazing. If you order chili cheese fries, I don't think you can see the fries at first glance with all the chili cheese they put. They also have great signature hot dogs that you won't be able to find anywhere else. Eating there is also a great experience as the inside seating area is literally filled with headshots of almost every major celebrity in last 20 years signed with messages with their love of G's Food. The only downsides to G's Food would be parking is very limited and you may have to park in the street which is metered. Also, the LINE! The line at G's Food's can get very very long but it is an experience that can't be beat.
2	This place has changed owners and everything else. Loved going here for the hot dog buffet but last time I went in they no longer have the wide selection of hot dogs and you have to order your dog and wait 20 min to get started. We waited 20 min to get our hot dogs and it looked like everyone else there was waiting as long as we were.Appears to have added lots of other types and styles of food and ice cream, in doing so I think they have lost their identity. Was a really cool place but not anymore. I don't think I'll be back.To the new owners, if it's not broke, don't fix it.
5	I love this place.. My favorites are the hole in the wall joints. I'm glad I love close! :)
4	Went and had some cheesesteaks. VERY GOOD. When we got there it looked like a little hole in the wall shop but man was it good. I had the pizza cheesesteak. Delicious.
3	We came here based on the yelp reviews. The restaurant was clean, and the staff were very nice. There was nothing really remarkable one way or the other regarding the restaurant decor and set up. We ordered a cheese steak, cheese dog, and fries. The fries appeared to be frys brand crinkle cut frozen fries or something similar.  The dog had nacho cheese on it which was fine, but the dog itself had an odd flavor.  As for the steak and cheese there was not anything special about it. Based on the reviews I expected it would be great. Coming from back east and hearing that the cheeses steaks were similar I was excited.... unfortunately they don't hold a candle to the cheese steaks back east.... Overall the food did the job of ending our hunger, however I would not say we really felt satisfied. It was not bad, not good, just ok.Some of the reviews mentioned the place is under new management so perhaps the food is not the same food as when the positive reviews came in? Either way I do not see us returning.  What a disappointment.
5	I have been here several times and they have the best cheesesteaks. I was not impressed with the mexican food I ordered, but the classic cheesesteak with onion is the best, and don't forget onion rings.
4	In a small run down strip mall and somewhat cluttered inside. Looking at the awkward menu board I saw Mexican Food, Chicago Style Hot Dogs and Philly Beef sandwiches, wasn't sure if I should run or just suck it up and try something. I ordered the Philly Beef Sandwich with onions, peppers and mushrooms. When it arrived it was a generous portion on a toasted Bolillo Roll but the first bite was a wow! Nice flavor and even the toasted roll worked. I might have to go back for this sandwich and might even try some of the rest of the menu.
1	Came here due to a yelp deal.The man at the counter said the spot is now under new ownership and they no longer accept these vouchers however they are keeping the same name.They've added Mexican food to the menu, ice cream, raspados, caldo, still selling hot dogs.The chilli cheese fries were nothing special as a matter of fact it was mostly cheese. The chilli looked like grease from whatever they could find in the kitchen. The fries were a little hard in the center as if not fried long enough.As I stared at my fries another man walked in asking for a specific style of brats, the guy at the counter looked completely lost. The young man showed him a picture and the guy said they could make it but he looked more confused than anything else.Judging by other reviews I came too late.
