4	I thought this place had a stellar vibe - cool bar and danceclub overlooking the Strip. As for the music, awesome Oakland-based DJ's: trunk archives. Cool flashy lights. Fun.
5	We had a great time in this bar inside the Cosmopoltian Resort and Casino. Located just off the strip, the windows offer great people watching of the folks walking by on the sidewalk. PLUS-at times they offer dancers in the GoGo pods by the front windows. Great LED dazzle and freindly cocktail waitresses. A great place to hang out with friends Fun, fun!
4	We were originally at Chandelier bar. But then the music sucked, and it wasn't trendy-upbeat enough for us. So we walked over a few feet to Bond.Beer list is short but had some selections that I've never seen before. Nothing on tap though - twas aiight. Still the cheapest way to get drank on the Strip. Service was pretty nice, except our waitress came around very seldom and asked to check my ID like...2 hours after she had been serving me. Haha ...I guess I must have looked like a child...2 hours later...any way.I give this place such a high rating just because the ambiance was really cool. No line, abundance of seats, trendy. Crowd got a lot older as the night went on, but overall, I would definitely come here again for a chillen-chillen. Perhaps this place would be good for a pregame/prefunk before Marquee.
4	I side bar at Cosmopolitan with a DJ and a view  of the strip. The drink menu had some really good mix cocktail selections and rare beer selections. The decor is very modern to.
4	Totally suped up hotel bar with plenty of seats, cool lighting and fun music.  Kinda crazy to charge $5 for PBR but they have quite a few unique choices for import bottled brews for only $6 so that's the way to go.  The perfect place to go before/after a club if you want to continue drinking.  Easy meet up spot at the Cosmo since it's right in front.
3	this bar seemed limited in its selection and the first bartender was kinda a jerk... after sending him away the second saved the day and had a great attitude.  most likely will not go to this bar again.
4	I really like Bond with the street view of the strip and cozy couches and good music. The drinks are pricey but thats a no brainer but to hang out and get the Vegas vibe it is pretty cool.
4	Located right off the Strip, this place makes for some great people watching... watching all the tourists walk up and down the Strip with their yard long drinks or watching the endless amount of people stream in and out of the Cosmo.On weekends they usually have a DJ and sometimes dancers on a raised platform. Plenty of chairs and sofas around the bar and along the windows. Drinks are reasonably priced (for the Strip). I did try one drink with toasted coconut lining the rim (can't remember the name of the drink) that looked great but was too sweet. I'm always a sucker for coconut. I should have gone with something else. Anyway, try some other drinks, sit back, and watch the show go by.
4	ID.Drink.DJ.Lights.Fun.
5	Met a classmate here to have a few drinks and study.  The Cosmo offers FREE WiFi in their public areas, so we were able to easily connect and get some work done.  We spent a few hours here going over our financial project and I had a couple of Stone Levitation Amber Ale ($7).It's my 2nd time visiting Bond and I love it here.  Return Factor - 100%
5	This is your classic hotel bar that sits right at the entrance to the Cosmopolitan.  There are tons of places to sit and grab a drink and it has that swanky decor atmosphere.  The DJ that spins here is AMAZING!  He plays all the popular hits remixed to such an extent with that the new beats obviate the song's overexposure.  We pretty much stayed here all night because the music was so good.  The crowd is also hopping and has great energy.  Clay is the best bartender here and has a heavy hand, so I recommend keeping an eye out for him.  Now I was drinking Grey Goose and soda all night, but Bond also has this popular Long Island Ice Tea that actually looks and tastes just like pink lemonade and served with gummy bears.  I don't normally order this type of drink but wanted to try it, and it was definitely too sweet for me. I also far surpassed the age limit to ordering it -- because that is all the 21 and 22 year olds with braces were drinking next to us.  A little too juvey for me, I will stick with my Sidecars and Cosmos.  Drinks are about $10 each, not eye gouging but not cheap.  The atmosphere here is worth it, and I would definitely come back next time I am in Vegas.
5	I don't really do the lounge scene back home due to one really bad experience a few years ago at Enclave. I wouldn't go as far as to call Enclave much of a lounge, but they all kind of seem the same to me. Until I met Bond. It was a "one-thing-led to-another" relationship with Bond. *Blush!*I visited Bond about 3 times over the course of one week and even decided to stay at his place on my last night! Well, by his place, I really mean the Cosmopolitan. And it was with my husband for our final night in Vegas, so I guess it was kind of a threesome. Yeeah... about Bond.The music is pumping, but not obnoxious. The DJ was great. The decor is excellent. The seats are comfy. The scene is full of variety, but not like a douche circus. I drinks? Don Johnson joined me a few times. The staff? Friendly and fabulous. I donned my glitzy best and can't wait to visit again on my next trip through town.
5	Came back here on Saturday night with our friends and the DJ from the night before was spinning, score!  This place embodies everything I love about Vegas. It was filled with a bunch of characters -- Asian kid in a fedora getting down by himself, Arab guy with a super deep V-neck, inebriated wrestler at the bar, all the things I love I tell ya. And, even better, there were 4 of us and we were actually able to get a lounge sofa, chairs and table adjacent to the floor to ceiling window right across from PH.  Now that is pretty amazing, especially for a Saturday night-- the fact that you can stroll into a bar at Vegas at 2am and still get a good table.  And the music was loud but not too loud to where you couldn't talk to your neighbor. And they must have been pumping the oxygen into the place because my tiredness rapidly left me -- honestly I could have sat there all night long with our friends just kicking it!  Great chill spot in Vegas, without the pretentiousness, sillyness, or cheesyness that is probably too prevalent in this town.
4	Very impressed! I like the ambiance, the service, the food... Everything!
4	In a casino full of great bars, this is my hands down favorite.When you walk in, it's like walking into a litebright...there are LED's all over, and they move with the music that is usually being spun by a great DJ.Every bar in The Cosmopolitan has it's own specialty cocktail menu, all their drinks are hand crafted and run around $10. The service can be a little slow at times, but it is a great place to sit back and enjoy a drink.The bar is right on strip level, and if you get a table or couch that looks at the front windows the people watching can be quite fun.Another highlight of the bar is the Go Go Dancers, above the bar, facing the strip are 5 large areas where they lift Go Go Dancers up into the sky and they dance it their own little sphere.I have been here a few times and have enjoyed it every time, this is one of my go to spots in the Cosmo.
4	I have to say, the Cosmopolitan is a hotel full of excellent bars.  Perfect for a little birthday bar crawl, don't you think?I visited this place a couple times after the scene at Chandelier died down.  It's hecka bright in here, with LED's all over in tune with whatever music is playing.  It's like a 90's Puff Daddy video to that effect.  There is a DJ spinning at night who's not terribly intrusive.  You can still lounge and have somewhat normal conversations at slightly louder decibels.  We grabbed a sofa for some prime people-watching as some party people boogied while others ran game on willing participants.Keeping with the theme of the other bars at the Cosmopolitan, this place has its own specialty drink menu.  I got the Don Johnson cocktail thinking I'd get mistaken for Phillip Michael Thomas that night.  When the waitress brought it over and I saw it was bright red and super-fruity tasting, I knew that wouldn't happen.  The drink was still damn tasty, though. I'm still in shock over prices here. It's cheaper than most places on the strip, especially the Caesars Entertainment properties I stay at.  For how beautiful the entire property is, spending a night at the bars here is a steal.
5	The Cosmo is amazingly beautiful.  This lounge is amazingly beautiful and comfy.  All the bars in the Cosmo are beautiful, but we had a great time here.  We scored the private room off just between the strip and the deejay.  The tourists walked by and stared at us getting our drink on and the dj helped me get my dance on.  You could make this bar be as chill or high energy as you'd like.  The drinks were just as cheap/expensive as any other place in Vegas.  I think I averaged $10 a cocktail.  Definitely a great spot to start or end or spend the night in.
4	Besides the Chandelier bar inside the Cosmopolitan, Bond bar is another amazing looking bar. The visuals in this place are psychotropic and the main lounge seating area looks out onto the Vegas strip which makes the people watching a show in itself. Some of the other seats in this place are floating like swings held by heavy chains and the decor is swank. No cover and no wait line because its just open to casino floor to freely walk in and out of. Like all the other bars within the Cosmopolitan they have a specialty drink menu with great selections. You may find yourself just sitting and drink all night with the people watching and light shows in the Bond. Enjoy.
5	Believe it or not, there's a bar in the Cosmo that I like more than The Chandelier...and it's here at BOND.Basically the same effect as The Chandelier bar as it's trendy and the bartenders/waitresses are hot but, it's more of an intimate feel.The Chandelier is more open because of it's 3 levels and the fact that it's in the middle of the hotel, itself.So, BOND gives it a club feel without the prices of entrance and drinks. They, also, have guest DJs playing house or top 40 stuff.
4	Hit up the Bond last night with friends that were in from out of town. We got there around 9pm and there were plenty of seats to chose from. We were able to people watch and check out the scene out on the Strip right from our seat. The first round of drinks were from their menu and they were all great, I can't remember the names of the drinks that were ordered but one was their take on Sex on the Beach and the other was their take on a Tequila Sunrise, both were delicious. Based upon a recommendation that our friends received from the concierge we asked the server to send over Paul the bartender so that he could concoct a special cocktail to help celebrate our get together. Paul came over and could not have been nicer while he plied us for information on what type of cocktail we were looking for. We decided we wanted something that would could enjoy next time we are all out on our friends new boat. What he came up with was his take on a Kamikaze with a caramelized lemon has a "chaser". The drink was AMAZING. Paul even took the time to write down the recipe for us so that we could attempt to make this drink ourselves. So far everything at the Cosmopolitan has been great but I think the Bond takes the cake!
4	My friends and I went to Bond bar to see our friend DJ Crooked spin last Friday.  I had friends in town for the tournaments and they wanted to go to a "club" or "hot new spot" without having to wait in line and pay the ridiculous prices.We had a great time and it is right downstairs from the Chandelier.  It was busy but not hard to get to the bar and there is plenty of dancing space.  They offer cocktail tables as well.   Overall I will definitley be returning.  It was a very fun time and you are in the heart of Vegas and do not have to deal with the hustle and bustle/crowds of the clubs!
4	We noticed this place as we walked pass the hotel from the strip. It looked like a fun spot to grab drinks if you didn't want to deal with the line/ cover at other clubs. We dropped in on Sunday after a late lunch. I got to sit at one of their "bond" hanging chain sofa chair ( Idon't know what it called but pls look at pic) . It was facing the strip was it was fun people watching and sipping on their speciality drinks. I tried their lemongrass and it was refreshing! My other friends tried their popular one (forgot the name but it's red with whip cream) and it was delishes!
5	I absolutely LOVE this bar. Great people, great drinks, super great music spun by a DJ right next to you. Great view of the lobby/walkways, and also lots of windows all over. Had a great time. What a small enough place to get to know other people, yet big enough to not be crowded at all. I have had a great experience at Cosmo all around and WILL be back soon!
3	If there hadn't been a DJ playing we might have passed this little bar by and thanks to some other guests we ended up having a blast but much like it's counterpart on the other side of the hotel's first floor, the service was painfully slow. The music and crowd made up for the lack of drinks but I'd pass on this one next time.
5	Unfortunately we did not stumble upon this place until our last night at the Cosmopolitan . .. . but this was definitely my favorite place!  It was a chill,sleek atmosphere and the best blueberry martini ever! If you have a chance to stop by - definitely do!
5	We came to cosmo to check it out since its new. We ordered drinks at Bond and they were so good. I got the Berry Long Island which was so cute! It has gummy bears in it. I also got the Laid in the Shade which was also very unique. They have a cool selection of unique beers which my husband liked. The atmosphere is really cool. We came back later that night because we liked it so much. It was poppin! There was a dj playin cool music. All the bartenders were super cool ! I definately will be coming back here every time im in vegas. This place was so much fun.. The other bars in the hotel were ok but not as fun and hip as this place!Thank you for making my night great!
5	As far as casino lounges go, this place rocks!  the go go girls are flown up to their plexiglass dance stand up high that faces the STRIP so the people outside get a show and so do the people inside.  It's decorated like how I picture Mariah Carey's bedroom to look like if she married Tommy Lee - lots of pink feathers and crystals and black lounge chairs suspended by metal chains.  The dancers dress like little sailors and are actually good dancers - they look sexy and are so much fun to watch - it was almost as fun as watching nude dancers but not quite because there was no pole
4	Beautiful spot, especially for people watching and having a sip of something fabulous. I like that you get that club feeling without having to pay those kinds of prices. DJ's are often guests there and they spin the top 40 or house mixes. Fun times. The dancers here are hot lil babes too. This is a real posh spot. There was this drink that I had. It had a gummy bear in it. That was cute. Late night, this is the spot!
5	BOND ROCKS!Not only is it absolutely gorgeous, it's fun and fabulous as well! We got here around 10pm and grabbed the last open seating area for a large group. They tried to talk us into the "private room" but we declined. The bartender named a drink after me ~ The "Alice in Wonderland". It had Absolut Pear, Cranberry, Pineapple, .... ? ..., and Jager! Gross right? But you can't taste it at all! It was delicious! The music was rockin, the drink's a-flowin. This place was most definitely a good time. I can't wait to come back!
5	They do bottle service here....and it's pretty cheap, HELLOOOO, sign me up!$250 for a bottle of Grey Goose.
5	Great drink menu for Vegas, the two bartenders were awesome (letting me charge my dead phone at the bar was a huge huge plus) but were also great in recommending drinks for my indecisive self. Not to mention, this bar is gorgeous. It may have a tough time competing with the also beautiful Chandelier bar around the corner in the Cosmo but the service was better here.
4	The decor is a perfect balance between sophisticated and psychedelic. I learned how to play video blackjack. I drank a very delicious and refreshing specialty Kamikaze. And because we were there for about two hours gambling, all our drinks were comped. Hell yes, I love this bar.I planned my footwear very poorly, so we set out to find a spot for me to rest my weary feet. I limped into Bond... thank you, feet, for making it! The people watching here is something for sure... right at the front entrance of the Cosmopolitan. I got to watch scantily-clad partygirls, uptight-looking businessmen, tourist groups and all manners of people in between. What does one need while people-watching and video-gambling? Cocktail, duh. The bartender, Alan, was very accommodating and made sure we wanted for nothing. I ordered the Last Kamikaze... SO perfect. Then, during my lesson, a blueberry vodka/lemonade sounded delightful. Alan to the rescue... the perfect blend of sharp and sweet. All this deliciosity and relaxation surrounded by wild lighting on pillars and a luminous multi-tubed chandelier above the bar.... could it get any better? Comped drinks. BOOM. Betterness achieved. A time and space so enjoyable, I will return... regardless of the state my feet are in. :)
5	Had a great time.  Upbeat music while playing video poker.  Great people watching!
4	I can't admit that I know much about all the clubs and bars in Vegas but what I do know is whether a place is a fun place to hang out. Bond is nice since it doesn't usually get as crowded as the other bars in the Cosmopolitan. The bartenders don't slight you on the alcohol so be prepared to get tipsy real fast (this seems to be a theme at the Cosmo). I sat near the bar for about 3 hours and watched the bartender making the drinks and all of them were made strong. DJ was placing some nice stuff and everyone seemed to be having a good time. Clientele is very mixed and its a nice place to people watch. Drinks average $10-12. Service is decent even at peak times. Worth a visit if you are staying at the Cosmo and don't want to fight the club crowds in the Marquee.
5	Sophisticated Decor? Check!Bootylicious Go-Go dancers? Check!Perfectly buzzed-inducing drinks? Check!Music that gets you grooving? Check!I LOOOVE this place!  After seeing how ridiculous the line into Marquee and how dead The Chandelier was, we found the perfect place to chill and get our drinks at Bond.  I suppose the drinks were priced reasonably? I'm a girl..I don't usually pay for drinks.  The music, lighting, and go-go dancers were awesome.  We actually found *gasp* a place to sit and soak everything in.  Call me a newbie but I looove the idea that there was a touchscreen for me to gamble at the bar if, of course, I had wished to do so.  If we weren't planning on lounge/bar hopping and hiding from guys, I would have love to chill here all night long.
4	Bond Bar is funky and cool.This ended up being our meet up point for all of our friends this past weekend.  It's in a great location near one of the entrances to The Cosmopolitan so you can easily spot your group coming in.  There are bar stools near the bar, standing room near the bar, and plenty of seats in the lounge portion.  Not once during our visit was Bond Bar overly crowded...always just the right mix and number of people.The bartenders are friendly (shout out to Kelly...an awesome bartender) and serve great drinks.The decor is funky...lots of lights.  However, I was so hungover on the last night that the changing light by the bar was really messing with my head...almost vomit inducing.I would definitely recommend Bond Bar to anyone looking for a quick drink, meeting point for a group, or just to hang out for a few hours.
5	I'm in love with this place. It's just got amazing energy. Great music, good (although expensive) drinks, good people, go-go dancers, crazy light show, etc.I started out with a Beer which I believe was $6, and then switched to mixed drinks which were $11. On my second vodka Redbul I asked for double and the bar tender gave it to me for the same $11 price as the single so that was sweet. Also had a great gin and tonic. Service is slow though, lots of folks and the bar tenders aren't in a rush. They are however pretty nice once they get around to you. The place is filled with chairs and couches, but people also kinda get up and dance in the empty space (although there is no real dance floor). I actually found that somewhat appealing, it takes what little formality there is in club dancing and makes it completely casual. Most folks were in club attire (dressed and button up shirts), but there were a few folks dressed down a bit and that didn't seem to be a problem (there is no bouncer). The music that night was also super dope. Chris Cutz was in from San Diego and absolutely melted faces. Right song at the right time every time, lots of bass, and hard beats. Their sound system in general is of pretty good quality.
5	The vibe is always good at this bar, the Berry Long Island is very yummy, and so is their version of fuji apple martini.  The DJ spins up some good club music in the weekend and it's usually quite packed.  The chandelier adds a lot of appeal to this place.  This bar will definitely keep you entertained.
5	The name is Bond... James Bond. Bond... hip, bold, high-tech, trendy, cool and all those great adjectives you can think to describe it. It does have this different "swag" from other lounge bars in Vegas.The vibe is satisfying, energetic and pleasing to anyone that walks in to enjoy a specialty drink, music and the joyful ambience.Bond is a lounge bar done right. The LED lighting visuals are well put together. On the wall window above facing the Strip, you will find sexually stimulating go go dancers dancing for any close observer which comes with plenty of lounge seating so come in and watch them perform their craft.Bond is one of my top 5 bars on the Strip. It makes for a nice pit stop to chill before heading to Marquee or a Cirque du Soleil show etcBelieve this guys, many sexy women are found walking all over Cosmopolitan and it's places like Bond and Marquee that attracts them there. Am I right girls? Yup, I'm right. Now I'll end this by saying... Ve disfruta con Bond.
4	I decided to check this out after reading Chris M.'s review.  I guess this wasn't open when the Cosmopolitan first opened?  I don't see how I could have missed it.  Angela and Chris are right - it's like walking into a Litebrite. It's over by the Henry.  After a few wrong turns, we found it.I tried the Last Kamikaze ($11) and my husband had the Bluecoat Collins ($10).  The kamikaze is pretty much like every other kamikaze but it comes with a candied lemon slice, which was so good!  The collins, a gin drink, came with the candied lemon and a candied hibiscus flower.  Both very good.At night they feature DJs.  The bottle service, if that's your thing, is pretty reasonable.  $200 for a bottle.  The bottle service tables are against the windows and seem to have a nice view.  Service was good, cocktails were reasonably priced.  I'll be back.
4	Quality: 5 starsPrice: 4 starsService: 4 starsAtmosphere: 5 starsHouse specialties are $11 a pop, and fan-freaking-tastic! I loved The Last Kamikaze. It's like lemonade made with magical nectar from a plant watered with unicorn tears! On the other hand, I wasn't entirely impressed with The Apple Martini (or whatever it was called). It was a good twist on the classic, but meh. Whatever. Not really my style I guess.If you put at least $20 in the video machine at the bar, they'll comp two drinks for the person playing. Rule is you have to play max bets (or so said bar tender on visit #2). Bar tenders from visit #1 had no such rule, which would have made this place a 5-star gem, but I had to knock off a star based on average of experiences.Still a good deal with a chance at winning your drinks for free, but what's with the max bet? I was betting $1 hands. Better than $0.25 hands, but apparently not good enough.Random note: If you figure out how the go-go dances get up "there", please send me a message!
4	I was so visually stimulated here it was kind of nuts. From the crazy decorations to the lights, to the fake jewels dripping from the ceiling, to the dancers in boxes on the ceiling... I don't know. It was crazy. I had a really expensive (I'm sure... I didn't pay for it) drink and a fun time. It was a hot spot for a couple of bachelorette parties and a couple of douchey bachelors, but still fun. Felt a little out of place here because I wasn't in stripper heels, though. Annnnd it was a week night. Ladies, if you're not wearing heels this isn't the lounge for you.
5	One of the coolest bars I've been to in Vegas or anywhere.  It is almost like a club right there on the casino level of the hotel.  Most people talk about The Chandelier when discussing Cosmopolitan bars, and it is extremely cool, but I think I prefer Bond.  There's so much constant stimulation going on, whether it's the lights, music, go-go dancers, or people watching.  The bar is especially stunning at night time when the lights are in full effect inside the bar.  Prices are a little steep, but this is Vegas and you're at the hottest new hotel on The Strip so what would you expect? The Cosmopolitan is doing it right in every category of night life and entertainment.  Bond is a must visit while visiting Las Vegas Blvd.
4	Super crowded! If you're a short Asian girl like me, you best be squeezing up to the bar to get your order. Got a dirty martini and he got a long island. Apparently they can't make adioses or black supermans because they don't carry the liquor. Definitely a place where you need to dress up, guy or girl. And if you're a girl, you best be keeping it short and tight and your heels high. My boyfriend and I felt super out of place because we weren't planning on going anywhere that night. Overall, fun with fun music, fun atmosphere, fun people. Expensive, crowded, a little hard to catch the bartender's attention, but once you get it, your drink comes out fast.Super girly and flashy! I loved watching the gogo dancers and it was really fun! I think the most entertaining part was seeing how they were able to get up and down from the boxes. You remember how the witch was able to go up and down the tower from Rapunzel's tower in Tangled? Yea, pretty much that was how they got up and down.
5	Bond rocks!  The dj, bartenders (Clay rules that bar), and the go-go girls are all great.  Amazing lighting and decor.  Ended up here 3 nights and had a great time.  Can't wait to go back.
5	Hell yeah!  Loved it here.  Even my mom loved it here with the go go dancers that rocked out in the windows.  Great music, great people watching.  My mom actually switched places with my cousin so he could watch the dancing girls.  He was quite happy.  Everything about this place was intriguing.
4	Cool casino bar located in the Cosmopolitan. It is small and rather open to the casino. One of the coolest looking casino bars in town. Very stylish, modern and futuristic. Love the design of the chandelier and lights on the walls. Also, like the pin up girls that dance at the top. Love the chains that drop from the ceiling and cool bar menu. I had the  Laid in the Shade drink. The description of the drink is exactly on point. It was presented with whip cream! Every girl has to love a peach drink with whip cream on it. Drinks are about $12-$15.00. Music was trance/house and we went on a Monday night. Can't stay more then 2 hours at this bar though. Move on to the next one!
5	5 Stars!!  The coolest place with the coolest people and the Best DJ's in town!!  I spent a good chunk of my last night in Vegas at this lounge listening to good music, talking to good people and watching top notch GoGo dancers entertain you in the window.  The Cosmopolitan is a new Hotel and Casino and everything here has a sense of young, hip yet classy atmosphere.  This particular lounge was bright, and featured accent lighting to make it seem like you are in a club.  I was here on a Tuesday night and it was packed!!  There was a DJ in the booth and he played everything you would want a DJ to play.  He had a little old school with new pop hits, mixed Rap with Hip-Hop to Rock and Alternative.  Found his name and it was DJ Justin Sayne.  The Booze was expensive, but that is to be expected when you are in Vegas.  This is a lounge.....If you want a club go to a club!!  But if you want a cool place that is like a club but with better people and music then go here.  Its smaller cause its a lounge and thats what I liked about it.  I will be back here next time im in town and if I can will probably stay at this hotel!!
4	Bond is my go to bar for taking my out of town friends for drinks. Why? Here's a few reasons:It's a lounge but the vibe is similar to a club. You don't have to pay for cover...hooray! The decor is gorgeous. I adore how everything is bright and shiny.The music is an eclectic collection of top 40, house or dance depending on who the DJ is. It's small enough that it won't take you forever to find people if you're meeting up with them unlike The Chandelier. The people watching is top notch. There's always someone acting a hot mess. As a matter of fact, last time I was there, I counted at least four or five. And that was on a weeknight!There are also go-go dancers that dance on platforms in the air. The best part is how they get in and out of them. You'll have to see it for yourself.The service is hit or miss. When you're standing at the bar, sometimes it seems like you're standing there forever. If you're sitting at a table, the waitresses will come by and take your order. They're super friendly too.Lastly, the drinks are yummy delicious. I took one star away though since the drinks can be weak. One time, I had ordered 3 drinks already at $10 each or more and I didn't even have a decent buzz yet!Anyways, I love this place and I'll be back very soon.
4	Love those dancers!  They always have cute themed ensembles, and the concept of dancing through the glass and climbing down a rope is very risque.  Very crowded and fun place - despite the fact that it seemed the DJ were repeating several tracks on a loop.  Got bored of the music after 30 min.  There was lots of room to stand about, tables to reserve for bottle service, and bar seating.  Aside: this guy, who thought he was a baller, took out a stack of dollar bills (yes, 1s), stood up on a chair, and started throwing it up in the air.  Believe it or not, people reached.  Shortly after, some others tried to repeat though with less success.  Question: If this guy were really hot stuff, wouldn't the bills have been larger denominations?
4	After reading some of these reviews I wish i was there at night lol. The only experience I have at bond is grabbing a Manhattan while waiting or a table at The Henry which is right across from Bond.  This was during lunch time. I'm writing this review solely because the Manhattan was fantastic!  It's a simple 3 ingredient drink but a lot of times it doesn't come out all that great.   The Manhattan they make here are strong but not overpowering...with just the right amount of sweetness.  And bonus points for using the extra large ice cubes.
5	awesome music, ambiance and dancers, and best part no cover
5	Love this place. Just had bottle service at Bond Bar on Friday and they were so accommodating. I am really not a fan of crowded clubs so this was a nice combo of a lounge with an awesome DJ. I will def come back here!
5	Cool hangout. Great LED walls. Dancers, what else can you want?
5	My favorite bar in Vegas! Wow so sexy and futuristic I love it!! This is the type of spot you hit up before a club or if you don't want to go through the hassle of trying to get into a club. The go-go dancers were my favorite. They dance in front of the window so when you go outside you'll see them. The music is kind of techno and is very loud. The crowd is pretty live and nice looking. This place is very upscale so make sure you dress to impress. Overall I enjoyed the eye candy and go-go dancers. I'll recommend you stop here before you start your night.
4	This bar is located on east side entrance, small bar with modern contemporary chic and sexy decor. Go go boxes up high next to the windows,  there is no stairs to get up there, they have to use professional safe hooked ropes. It looked kinda scary, but those go go girls were so cool with it. interesting! There is no waitresses during the day, I think they only have waitress in the evening, go go dancers in themed costumes & music too. so order drinks from the bar during the day, but its not crowded, lots of comfy seats there. it gets so crowded on weekend nights, hard to find seats from time to time, they have bottle service too. But I don't think it is worth it for hotel guests to get bottle service at a hotel bar. Their drink menu is good, $12-14 a specialty cocktail. I tried one, it was really good.A good place to chill during the day, and some people watching, go go dancers watching and house music on weekend nights.
5	This is a great bar in Vegas located in the Cosmo.  I like all the lightning and that it is central to the doors of the resort. It provides a nice place to warm up or finish depending on what time you start.  The DJ spins good stuff and the seating is pretty cool.  The drinks are good, but pricy...but it is the Cosmo.  They have go-go dancers which are an added bonus along with a really cool light display.
3	More Austin powers than James Bond.  Dancers in god-awful outfits strut in raised boxes.  Signature cocktails are $10 and either too sweet or too sour, but come with adorable gummie bears.  Not exclusive as the name indicates, as you will see anyone who is everyone.
5	I want to spend the rest of my life at Bond Bar!It's just so cool! The drinks were great. The DJ was FANTASTIC! The girls that dance in the boxes are super awesome, and fun to watch. It's just the most beautiful place!I almost shed a tear when I remember that I'm back at work in Ohio, and not at Bond!
5	In a delightful week at the Cosmopolitan, this was by far my favorite spot.  Bartenders are so friendly and the signature cocktails are AWESOME!  The decor is super modern and glamorous.  The DJ was terrific on the several nights we heard him.  Loved the dancing guy in a panda suit too.  It was just enough loud music and nightlife for a couple of 40 year olds - and an upscale respite from the strip outside..
4	Bond bar is a great place to have a couple drinks if your at or near Cosmo.  It is very bright and loud I though it was a little hard to hold a conversation while drinking here due to the loudness.   Service was great, and so were the drinks.  We enjoyed the lights, and we're able to sit by a window looking out of the strip to watch people walk by.
5	This is such a cool bar, although The Cosmopolitan is certainly not short of cool bars. We went there during one of their quietest times ever. It was the football playoffs and they're the only bar without a TV! In any case, I love the decor here and although I've never been when the go-go dancers are in their lighted boxes, I'm sure it's an amazing effect. The drinks here are really good and STRONG!
4	Awesome place for drinks on the strip as an alternative to the super clubs! the deco is modern with all the lights, LED's, and floating boxes of go-go dancers! it's fun to watch everyone watch the go-go dancers ascend to their box of lights. Lot's of places to sit and spaces to random dance when the tunes are right! MUSIC is good! Mix of Hiphop, top 40, and house. Typical club music, however the DJ's here are pretty good with their cuts and fades, all seemingly one long mix and no off beat transitions that's like poison to the ears!  Played some Michael Jackson mixed with current top 40..Who doesn't love MJ?!?! Overall a good time, each of the couple time's i have been here, bobbed my head, tapped my foot, danced a jig, had a few drinks...well maybe alot but who's judging this is Vegas afterall.  Drinks are strong and average priced for a Vegas bar.
4	Cosmo is one of the very few casinos I don't mind hanging out in as a local.  Every bar in there is pretty hip and Bond is too cool for school.Music when we arrived was seriously awesome - 90s hip hop mixed with some cool 80s dance hits.  Totally my style.  As the night wore on and the crowd got larger, the music changed to some top 40.  Not bad.  Then it turned into Techno-ish music so at that point I had to leave.  Its hit or miss when it comes to the music, I guess based on the time your there and the DJ whose spinning.  Either way, the place is bumping and gives off great energy.  Lights!  So much to look at.  Flickering LED lights a above the bar, long screens spanning the entire room flashing different designs.  Do not come here if your one of those people who can get seizures from too much stimulation like this... lol.  Very Vegas-y.I'm not normally fond of go-go dancers, but these girls were pretty cute!  They had cool outfits (saw a girl in a "You Can Do It" vintage look, another in a fishing outfit, etc.)  The dancers are in these boxes that are way high.  They use a rope that pulls them up to get there.  Interesting huh?  The boxes are also open to the strip so passerbyers can gawk.  Sort of reminds me of those dancers in windows in the Red Light District, just less raunchy :)The crowd is very mixed.  From the fresh 21 year olds to 50 year olds just trying to have a good time.  Drinks are normal strip prices - expensive.  About 12 bucks a cocktail, 6 for domestic  beers and 7 for imported.Worth a visit if your trying to figure out some place to sit and drink for a little bit!
4	I went with 16 other English guys to Bond Bar on the 27th of January. We reserved an area for 9 pm, but it was double booked. This turned out to be a bonus, because the large glass room they had initially booked us for was actually to removed from the rest of the bar, good for privacy, not great for atmosphere in my opinion. For our two tables we had a minimum $500 spend, which was obviously no problem, we ordered a bottle of grey goose(1ltr) for $250 with three complimentary carafes of mixers. Our waitress was ever so patient, polite and always in control. Every drink order was perfect, and at the end of the night the bill matched exactly what we had drunk. Beers were between $6 & $9, cocktails between $11 and $14. The cocktails were very good, a bit 'girlie' with lots of sweet and creamy examples. The atmosphere picked up after 10pm, the dancers were cool, very sexy but fun and sophisticated too. They definitely got as much respect from the female customers as they did from the men.  The dj on with us hit the mood perfectly, kind of electro pop, euro house, with great mixes and music that made you want to move a little but also enjoy conversations with your friends. I never once thought, i wish he would change this or that. The customers were a real mix and I liked the fact that the bar was not too 'up itself' to make your mum and dad as comfortable as a group of young 20 something's.There is only one caveat though, the bar is at the entrance to the Cosmo on ground level on Las Vegas Boulevard, it is almost a foyer bar. So don't expect it to feel exclusive or away from the passing traffic of the strip. It is almost as if it has been designed to encourage people to walk in off the street, so it doesn't really have that 'destination' vibe you might be looking for. But over and all, if you get a nice spot to sit, you would have a good time. Would suite a few couples sitting together and enjoying each other's company in my opinion.
5	I LOVE the Cosmopolitan Hotel, and all the bars are beautiful and unique in their own way. Bond Bar is no exception. We stopped by for a drink on a Monday afternoon on the way back to our room... it was slow and pretty chill. I felt like I was in an awesome hot pink intergalactic space lounge... no joke. The lighting and decor were amazing. Whoever designed this place gets a giant gold starr... its just beautiful! Sparkle Sparkle!Each bar at the hotel has the signature Cosmopolitan martini.. which is garnished with a slice of dried (blood) orange... and the drink is light pink super delicious. (I know I should be more adventurous with my drinks but my go-to drink anywhere in this hotel is the Cosmo) Other than that, each bar also offers its own unique menu so you can't get a lot of the same drinks at all the bars. My sister had a blended strawberry drink with pineapple/coconut foam/cream and it was pretty good. The bartender also introduced us to preserved hibiscus flower. And.... OMG... who would have imagined a gooey preserved flower bud would taste SOOOO good. It reminded me of a gummy or a jelly... but OMG so good. It's used in some gin drink and a definite must try. MMM just thinking about it makes me want to go out and get a jar of flowers to eat...
4	Yes I'm entertained! With the overabundance of reality stars and the dazzling lights of the LED chandeliers and the ceiling graphics this nightclub-esque bar is spot to be at. I agree with previous reviews how it's a great place just to people watch because my time there with three of my girlfriends led to them being magnets of the many reality stars (of the VH1 kind) who would talk them up to the point of annoyance. It's an exciting space at the corner of the first floor of the Cosmopolitan by the casino and across The Henry. You see the LED lights changing to the beats of the music, the dj is spinning (and actual vinyl decks =)) and by the windows facing the strip, you see these "floating" pods where there are go-go dancers. The visual excitement at this place goes to overdrive, so much to see!Drink prices here was actually the highlight of our stay at the Bond, everything was moderate priced and worth it. Champagne was around $13/glass and the signature Cosmo (with the blood orange garnish) which was OH SO YUM was $12. This bar/lounge is gorgeous, drinks are good, plenty of space to roam, and the tunes great! Totally recommend this place and a must stop whether you pass by the Cosmo, walk the strip or are a guest at the hotel. love it! =)
4	I have to say, I was a bit bummed that the last night we were in Vegas, we were not going to a club. But lo and behold, we practically ended up at one. Bond has a nightclub-esque feel to it. The music was awesome, the go-go dancers in their lil boxes were cute and had a cute theme going on. And being a girl, there were places to wander and sit since it's in the casino. The LED lights behind the bar were an eyeful, in a good and bad way lol. There was a wide array of people hanging out there, drinking, dancing and having an awesome time. And must say, their drinks were on point. They were surprisingly moderately priced and yummy. Their signature Cosmo was an orgasmic mouthful of a drink.  Love this place! This is now going to be a go-to spot for me :)
4	Bond is one of my favorite places in Vegas. It's a great middle ground if you don't want the full blown club but you still want some of the elements. This place has a great crowd but not too crowded. Dancers, great drinks and awesome music. Our first night here we were sitting at the bar playing poker/getting our drinks. Our bartender was amazing and talked to use through out the night. We each had 3 of their signature drinks while sitting there. Great ambience, cool staff and yummy drinks. The Nutty Professor is definitely my favorite. The next night is the reason for 4 stars. We were sitting playing poker and on our 2nd drink order the bartender tells us she won't comp our drinks if we aren't betting max. She had a complete attitude about it and even though the fiance was, she still proceeded to give attitude. He just lost $30 but she was telling him he needed to pay for his second drink.We proceeded to cash out and leave. No need to get harassed over a damn drink when we are betting max. Took our asses over to the casino, put in a $20 and had a drink in our hands within a couple a minutes. Please make up your mind Cosmo/Bond about your drink policies. It doesn't need to change night to night or bartender to bartender.
5	We were celebrating my girlfriend's birthday as well as breaking in a Vegas virgin. We had dinner at N9NE (sub par in my book) and wanted a place to have drinks and let loose a bit afterwards. Initially the thinking was get a table somewhere and live it up. The nearly $1800 that was going to cost for the group wasn't worth it.I had hung out in Bond before and loved it, so I figured why not give it a shot. It's a bar that we can have drinks and listen to music and if it sucks we can move on and not be out of anything. I wanted to ensure a place to sit so I called for a reservation and to my surprise there was no issue getting a reservation. I called about a week and half in advance. Honestly I was skeptical waiting for the catch. There was no catch. I walked in simply told the bartender I had an 11p reservation and we were promptly seated. We had a kick ass waiter and I wish I would've remembered his name. Very attentive and pleasant to have around. The DJ was pretty good. He started off great, went to shit, then kicked it back up a notch. I think once he realized that our group and the two others around us were the only ones really enjoying and dancing and having a good time he catered to music to us. There were no douchebag bouncers telling us we couldn't party the way we want or rude door guys.Overall everyone had a damn ball and I am actually embarrassed by the pictures that were generated that evening!Oh yeh, $320 got the 6 of us pretty toasty!
4	The person who designed this place is cool. Perhaps not quite of this world, but cool. =)We stopped in for drinks a little on the early side on a Saturday night, so the place was not packed. Honestly, I don't need a place to be packed to have a nice time.  We grabbed a sofa/chair seating area near the wall of glass overlooking the Strip. From this vantage point we could also see the bar and all the cool seating areas, with tons of different light effects: pinks, fiber optics that changed colors, lights that seemed in sync with the music, and the more ominous (in a fun way) seating areas that appeared to hang from the ceiling on large chains. The server was super cool; he sat down, chatted us up a bit, and helped us pick some drinks. By us, I really do mean me. I'm so indecisive that it is sad.  Can't recall the specifics, but I do know that the ingredients were fresh and unique. I did have a pina colada foam on the top of my drink; it was well made and tasty, albeit a tad sweet for me.  If you've seem my review of the Cosmopolitan, you know that I'll never stay there again (due to their inconsistent room/casino service and the pathetic attempts at apologies from Resort Managers), but if I'm nearby and want a relaxing drink in an atmosphere that is laid-back cool, I'll stop in for a drink. I am interested to see how the place changes later in the night when the DJs show up.Oh Cosmo, if only your service were good, you'd be perfect!
5	Your eyes draw you into the space as the beat of the music changes the futuristic LED lighting. I love this lounge space as it is great to just sit down and talk with your friends as you either watch the people coming in from Las Vegas Blvd or even walking into Cosmopolitan. I did enjoy the futuristic platforms where dancers in costumes were dancing to the pulsating beat of the DJ and the great music from the DJ.My only issue with this place is that a dress code for this lounge should be enforced as some people looked so trashy being in this lounge, especially on a Saturday night. In particular, we saw this old creeper wearing a very ugly pink cap that was eye stalking my friends. He looked like he belonged in a retirement home versus this chic lounge.Pluses for this lounge include the fact that you don't have to pay for cover, you can walk in and out as you please, and you don't have to go through a line to get into this lounge.
4	We were there on a busy Saturday night.  It did not have that packed club feel, it was more like a bar without most of the douche-baggery. The bar sits right on the strip with a view out to the street.  It has that modern "Cosmo" feel but still laided back enough that it made me feel right at home.The drinks were solid but I still prefer the Chandelier 1.5 bar for innovation.  All and all a nice stop before going out and plenty of room to hang out.
2	Worst.  Service.   Ever.First off, the bar itself is beautiful with very unique decor.    But we gave it two chances and neither time were we happy with the service.   Both times were pre-dinner so maybe it was just the early-ish time?    The second time a group of us (nine people) were using Bond as our pre-dinner meeting spot.   Sat in the very comfy chairs for a really long time as the wait staff seemed to totally ignore us.  (Electing to chat amongst themselves instead).  Two of our group got so frustrated that they went up to the bar to manually get our orders processed.    They stood at the bar for almost 15 minutes without any attention from the bartenders (and again, it really wasn't that crowded).    We ended up crashing the bar at The Henry across the hall -- not sure if this was even "legal" to do but the staff there was very helpful and made us our drinks in no time..........
4	Even though this bar is located next to the street and right off the casino you still felt like you were in a different and intimate space when you entered the bar area. I would've enjoyed spending more time here but my group was ready to call it a night. In the short time we did spend at the bar, we enjoyed the music and dancing girls that arrive and depart on a wire from the ceiling. The next time I go to Vegas I will definitely be heading back here.
5	My favorite lounge on the strip! Nothing compares to the sheer awesomeness of this  place!
4	Tucked inside The Cosmopolitan, but right off the lobby sits the one-of-a-kind experience of "Bond". In a town renowned for glitz and glamour, it is hard to be impressed. Nonetheless, the lounge and bar that is Bond makes for a perfect spot to sit down, relax and enjoy great people watching.There's no cover charge in this lounge, and the patrons come and go easily. As such, there isn't the pretentiousness that you might find in other nightclubs. The crowd was a mix of guys and girls between 20's and 50's. At first they were just playing music in the background, but around 9pm a D.J. came in and cranked it up a bit. Thankfully, the music wasn't so loud that you couldn't carry a conversation.As for the drinks, I had a Laid In The Shade for starters. Combine Stoli O, Housemaid Grenadine, Cranberry and orange juices and top it off with peach foam. A solid, if not outstanding offering.Next, I sampled the Nutty Professor. That's more like it! It is a fairly sweet drink, but they cap it with actual ground nuts on top of the liqueurs. Normally I'm not a fan of sweet drinks, but the warm nutty aroma and flavor won me over. Let me cut to the chase, order this drink.Bond would have been a shoe-in for a five star review except for it took almost twenty minutes to get a server to come over to my sofa and ask if I was being attended to. In her defense, she appeared to be the only working the entire floor outside of the bar, but I blame the management for not scheduling more people. This place had a crowd even on a Monday night. It took about another twenty minutes between ordering the drink and actually receiving it at my table. The waitress, Angela, was friendly enough and checked in from time to time, but it was clear that she was trying to juggle a lot. Consider it a small setback on an otherwise very memorable evening at Bond.Next time I'm in Vegas with the entourage, Bond will our chill spot of choice.
4	This place is quintensential las vegas!!! Great drinks THE best people watching. You can watch people watching people in a bar on ther strip and in dancing pods all at the same time. Usually great djs. Hot bartenders, great service. No complaints!
5	Wow, this place ROCKS!  Talk about the decor! Talk about the atmosphere! WOW!  Very trendy!Great drink variety too.  Nice place for gals to get dressy and grab a Cosmo and feel sexy!highly recommend!!!!
4	Sleekest bar with the best lighting fixtures anywhere. DJ spins hot house mixes, so bar actually feels more like a club/lounge. Go-go dancers up top against the back wall. Bartenders are quick and make a strong drink. Perfect for pre-partying before hitting clubs. Conveniently located on the ground floor at the Strip entrance of the Cosmopolitan on the way to the casino floor.
5	One of the best lounge/bars I have seen around.  DJ was spinning some awesome old school hits and new top 40 stuff.  Bartenders mixed the drinks well and the light show was banging.  Typical Vegas drink prices, but it was worth it as we chilled a bit and enjoyed the scenery before hopping to another bar.
5	This is one of my absolute favorite bars in Las Vegas!! Beautiful lighting, great space, drinks, DJs and Go-go dancers right on the Strip. No cover... try the gummy bear cocktail!
4	Nice place to sit, enjoy the views and the comfy couches and have a drink.  Don't think I'd spend more than an hour here, but I definitely recommend as a stop for a pre-dinner/night out drink.
4	All of the lights!Music, lights, and look up to see go-go dancers in their little cubby holes.Only wish that there was more seating because this place gets packed quickly.  More hip and happening than the Chandelier.
4	Thanks to Yelp's tell a friend feature, we knew Misti Y was there. Alas, she must've been on the move that night because she was no longer there by the time we arrived. Drank partied here. The cocktails, though expensive, were top shelf, potent, and tasty. The bartender had no problem making my new fave that night: stoli vanil, canton de ginger, and ginger ale. Ooooh that drink is my fave. And actually, it wasn't really that expensive. So there. This open air bar in Vegas' sexiest hotel is everything everyone else has already said and more. Do make it your business to get here for a drink at least. Do it.
5	Bond is a great place to meet friends for a drink, or two, or 10 :)  It has a fun and sexy atmosphere with excellent music and incredible lights - everywhere!  The bartenders are fairly attentive but may take a while to get a drink if it's busy. TIP:  Get their name, tip well and they will come to you when you need drinks.It's like you're in a nightclub, but there are no lines, in fact there are no doors, not as crowded as a "closed in" nightclub and some sexy ladies dancing up above in suspended boxes.  It's pretty cool.We visit LV quite often and always make a point to stop here at lease 1 or 2 times during our visit.  You will not be disappointed.
4	Really swanky!  It's places like Bond that have such a cool laid back and modern vibe that make me feel like it's OK to spend nearly $10 for a beer.  There are tons of couches and chairs throughout this place to relax and throw back a few beverages to prepare for a night out.  The centerpiece of Bond would have to be the giant chandelier above the bar which changes colors and pulses with the beat of the music being played.  Aside from the cool atmosphere and rhythmically changing LED lighting, Bond also has an extensive list of drinks to choose from.  The names of the mixed drinks I had (one vodka based and the other bourbon) currently escape me but both were really good.  I also ordered a Mirror Pond Ale which is another brew I've added to my list which I unfortunately can't get here in the Midwest.  All in all, Bond is a very hip/chic lounge in the Cosmopolitan which you should definitely check out.
5	I recently found this gem while wandering the Strip at 3am.  I had just driven into town and was itching to go somewhere after the long drive from Orange County.  I think the first thing that caught my eye were the go-go dancers posing in the overhanging boxes by the windows.  I thought I was nuts but one of the girls had a bicycle pump and she was pumping it up and down even thought it wasn'tn connected to anything.  My curiosity tickled, I stopped by to have a look.  The music had a very nice trance vibe to it which is my favorite type of music.  The bar was packed and the lights display was mindblowing.  Its the kind of special effects you'd expect to find in a stadium, maybe even a high end club.  It seems like overkill in a small bar such as this but it serves its purpose and we are in Vegas after all.I ordered a Godiva Chocolate Martini.  It was quite tasty and while I was waiting for a drink, a nice 5 vs 5 brawl broke out in the aisle between where we were and the restaurant next door.  Punches were flying, shirts were ripping, and it was probably a good 10 minutes before security showed up.  Everything just seems to fit in with the whole James Bond theme.  It makes me wonder if the name comes from the 007 movies or just a random coincidence.The drink was delicious by the way but at $16 a glass, its definitely not cheap.  There are leather seats and couches through out.  Plenty of room to stand and chat or chill.  It was a nice treat and I will definitely return the next time I am in town.
5	Does my butt look like an instant photo in these trousers?  Because as soon as I walked into Bond, I was shaking it like a Polaroid picture. While at the Cosmopolitan for a conference, some friends and I decided to head out and have some fun.  Well we didn't even get out the front door of the place because we stepped into Bond and didn't want to leave.The DJ was re-donk-u-lous!  So many good mixes of a variety of songs...good dance stuff from today interspersed with classics like "Welcome to the Jungle" by Guns-n-Roses.  It was truly delightful.  And each mix was very short...kind of like those mashups I heard the kids on "Glee" talking about.  (Oh yeah, I keep up with the times!)Bartenders were on top of their game.  Friendly and efficient....they kept serving me delicious Delirium Tremens as long as I asked.They also had dancers (go-go girls?) on these high platforms.  It was so cool watching them be raised and lowered from the platform on a rope.Very cool place, great music, great bartenders and the best part was very little attitude-except from this Tin-Tin looking bitch with a bad haircut and too-small blazer who freaked out when someone dropped a drink near him.  I'm thinking "Girl, please...who told you to wear suede shoes to a nightclub. Moron!"Anyway, I love, love, love this place and I'm not a club guy by any stretch, despite my hairy chest, affinity for unbuttoned shirts, love of gold neckchains and a penchant for Drakkar Noir.
5	I came here on a Tuesday and it was packed, I didn't think it would be busy here on a weekday. I decided to celebrate by last day in Vegas by going to the Cosmopolitan and came across the Bond Bar. The crowd here was very attractive as was the bar with the girls dancing inside the letters of BOND right by the strip. Couches are for bar patrons only and you don't need reservations. Great place to people watch and socialize.The bartenders here are very friendly and always check to see how everything was. I ordered the dirty south and is was very strong, I wanted to order another drink but I just waited for the alcohol to flow. It's located right by the strip entrance and across from The Henry and not too far is the Chandelier Bar. HIP and TRENDY just like the Cosmopolitan.
5	Went there this weekend! loved loved loved it, atmosphere was great, and bartenders were very friendly and awesome! will definitely be going back! Its the place to be  if your just looking for a fun trendy bar !
5	Love this spot. Chill, modern, and class. Great trio right? If you don't want to walk for miles down the strip or go to a club I would so recommend this spot. They have gorgeous girls dancing way above you that come down on a harness. And mind you they aren't hussified or lame looking. The drinks are great and strong and that gorgeous lighted chandileur by the bartender is gorgeous as well. Stop here.
4	Fun times! Great people watching, excellent DJ, go-go dancers, bright lights,  seating, a view of the Strip, and tasty drinks. You really can't ask for much more in a lounge. I wish there was dancing, but I guess you can't get it all! This is a great pre-game spot, or even a good location if you want to be out and about, but not have the hassle of a nightclub.
4	Deadly drinks, a chic atmosphere, and lovely ladies going up and down on a rope to dance in their go-go boxes. What more could you want?
5	Great alternative to a crowded Vegas club. Great music, space to stand or dance, and  great service. Also liked that it was mostly a 30s/40s crowd.
5	All the Vegas sexy you love without the Vegas headaches that you hate.  Located in the Cosmopolitan, the location is very convenient to get to from anywhere in the strip.The Gogo dancers in the lighted boxes above the floor are always a very welcome distraction both from the street and from the inside of the lounge.  Great drinks,  no cover and very little pretense.   No lines and you can come as you are.
5	Throughly enjoyed this place. The music was superb, the drinks were amazing. The LEDs were awesome and danced to the music. I want to come back almost just for this place.
4	The electric light parade in a bar.A cool place that would make a tripper pee their pants.  The bright lights are a feast for the eyes, as well as the go-go dancers.  The DJ was great when we were their.  It's definitely a spot for the 30-something hip daddy-o's and hot mommas.  A casual drink with friends, turned into the jump off point for a night of debauchery.
4	No cover, drinks are "fresh" (apple martini was made with real apples!), great ambiance, and the music was bangin' (DJ spinned hip-hop both old and new). After dark,  the music probably makes this place, because there always seems to be a large crowd dancing whenever I walk by. Good alternative for guys who'd rather not pay that $40.00 cover or for ladies who just aren't in the mood to get into their pretty little club dresses and heels.
4	I recently went to Bond in the Cosmopolitan to have some drinks in a fun, trendy atmosphere with my boyfriend.  While this may seem like commonplace while in Las Vegas, if you think about it, not many are considered "fun" as others just serve weak, expensive drinks.  We were at the bar on a Friday night before Christmas, so it wasn't too crowded.  There is no cover charge as it's not a "club", but more of a part of the casino.  Win-win for me as I probably wouldn't have gone if there was a cover charge.  We got there and I ordered a rum and coke while my boyfriend got a vodka tonic.  $24 please for both of us.  $12 bucks for a small drink?!  Yep, but looks are deceiving.  The bar uses more high-end alcohol for their well drinks (which is what we got) and they were heavy handed with the liquor.The music is very loud and they had a young girl who was DJing the heck out of the bar.  Yep, they have a DJ and it's not even that big of a bar.  The music was awesome and appealed to all likes of music.  Wasn't just focused on the top 40, which I thought was great.  People were singing along to the music and some got up and danced as well.  Everyone was just happy in the bar.  I may sound like a walking advertisement, but seriously, the music got you pumped up.There are these large, lighted cubes that they have suspended from the ceiling and in some of them were go-go dancers.  Not the trashy ones that show all their goods, but more like a girl in a classy Santa outfit (if that's possible).  They brought entertainment to the guys I'm sure, while the girls were just jealous of not looking like them.  But, the alcohol squashed any negative thoughts.Overall a fun place, for people in their 20s and 30s.  Very hip and an all-around good time.  I gave four stars because $12 for a small drink (even if strong) is a little pricey.  But, it's Las Vegas, so I can't be too upset.
3	Came here to hang out after Marquis was a BUST. It was a cute place to hang out and just grab a drink since it's located over at the Cosmopolitian. The place is not crowded and the staff is really friendly.
5	Wow-are you kidding me!? This place is as good as it gets for a "hotel bar," even for Vegas. I have been here several times with my wife and friends and everyone agrees it is a fun time. First of all, it has the feel of a club without the hassle of waiting in line or the complete craziness of a club. There are great DJ's that play every type of music and even dancers (later in the evening) that climb up into the windows facing the strip. The bartenders here are so good and professional. They all seem to have so much fun doing their job (the way it should be). Time for me to give a shout out to Paul who has taken care of my friends and I over the last couple of years here. Watching Paul operate is like watching a scene from the movie "Cocktail." Not a good movie, by the way, but you have to be talented to put on that kind of show.The specialty drink menu is interesting and has some very unique drinks that are seasonal. You can also play video poker at the bar if you are so inclined (I would watch the dancers if I were you and not play video poker).It is also in a convenient location in the Cosmopolitan. Bottom line: you should go to Bond and enjoy a drink or two from Paul. You will have lots of fun!
4	Cosmopolitan puts such a welcome emphasis on quality cocktails, but I just had to throwback and try one of their signature Cosmos. I'm not really a Cosmo type but it was fun to drink my pink drink in this pink bar and feel like Sex in the City for a little while. And really, this bar is plain sexy. I also want to try the mid-level Chandelier menu and Vesper, and I hear their drinks are superior so I will eventually, but being trapped in beads or sitting next to the lobby just can't beat the reflective, LED-fueled whimsy of strip-gazing that is the lovely Bond.
5	Love this bar and lounge. The drinks are great and the entertainment is even better. Those dancers are amazing! I was mesmerized by them all night!!
4	Again...what is there to NOT love about the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas!!!! I cannot seem to get enough of the casino and one day there will be a review about the hotel part when I can afford a room there for a weekend. However, back on track, Bond is one of their many glorious bars/lounges and it showed me a fabulous night!  It was a friends birthday and we had our own little table area where the waitress was very attentive and polite. She did her job very well, which can always make the night even better with awesome employees. The place was packed and the music was making everyone dance, even the birthday boy who claims he does not dance. The genre of music playing was a solid variety and everyone seemed to really enjoy it. Especially the man next to our table in his fierce Hawaiian shirt with tigers on it. The drinks were of course, a bit pricey, however if you go there you must try the Pineapple Express. I still could not figure out what they put on top to make it look like "weed", as they were trying to mimic a drink from the movie. I thought it was pretty creative. I think it was oregano, but I couldn't taste it. Oh well, still delicious! One aspect that the men and of course ladies as well can enjoy is watching the dancers get pulled up onto the platforms in the windows! How cool is that? Two of the girls were dancing with enthusiasm, but one was not. I think she was mad they put her in the Betty Crocker uniform. I think that addition to Bond was well played. The walkers on the strip can see them and decide "Hey, girls dancing in the window, lets check this place out!". Good move Cosmo. Overall, Bond was a pretty hoppin venue if you want to hang out in a "low key" version of Marquee. Marquee is the dance party where you are tossed between people like a bean bag, but Bond has the same dance atmosphere with less people and less bean bag tossing. Very chill. Thanks again Cosmo and Bond for showing my friends and I a wonderful night!
4	BOND bar is a lot of fun! Make sure you order an Old Fashioned to get a cherry that has been soaked in burbon - our bartender said a bottle costs them about $80. Do I believe it?.........no. But it was still a really good cherry. Lots of seating and great music. Can get busy really quick! Great spot to pre-game or post-game!
5	Great place to grab a drink during the day or night. The huge windows make for good people watching on the strip. You never know what you are going to witness. Tons of seating, friendly bartenders and waitresses plus specialty cocktails. At night they play music and have go-go dancers to liven up the area. It gives off a "club" type environment without the line and cover charge.P.S. The cherries are soaked in booze.
5	Good cocktails, video poker in a lovely atmosphere, and really comfortable. We got great service, a clean atmosphere, and yummy drinks. I'll be back!
4	Stopped in after dinner at Caesars to get a few more drinks with some friends cause when we walked by it looked good.  we walked in and found almost all of the tables said "reserved" even though the place wasn't packed.  we sat at a reserved table that the sign magically fell off of, within a minute the waitress was making us move cause those tables had a bottle service minimum.  we moved to an open area by the window which turned out better cause we could watch everyone walking up and down the strip.The alcohol was reasonably priced with a good selection.  I tried the signature drinks "mango something", "Cosmo", "Pineapple express"!  only think i would have changed was the music was a bit loud and made it hard to actually talk, but we made it work and had a good enough time we didn't want to find another place!
5	Great hidden bar/club! Its in the Cosmopolitan, and so it takes a second seat to places like XS or Marquee, but it's a great place to get a drink and enjoy the lighting set up. The DJ that night we went was really good and the place had a club like environment without any cover fees or long waits. Bartenders were relatively quick and made good strong drinks. There are also 3 go-go dancers which keep your eyes busy while you take everything in. The whole places lighting is like an equalizer and moves to the sound of the music, so its a really cool set up! TLDR: Good club like environment without the cover fee or long wait. Great drinks and o yeah, go-go dancers!
4	My wife discovered this place while planning our recent vacation and I am elated she did. We walked into the Cosmopolitan Casino and it there it was. What may be one of the best bars on the strip.This is totally my kind of place. Not just because I am a Bond fan but the decor and atmosphere. Dark brown furniture and dark hardwood are offset with the bright lights that stream from the fixtures and wall lighting. I was smitten at first sight.The drink are amazing. Not cheap, but amazing. So are the bartenders. They make your drinks with care. Any of the people working here could be working at Sugar House and vice versa.If you are walking the strip and need a break from collecting call girl cards stop in here and get yourself a stiff drink. Heck, it would be a great place to meet up with one of those call girls.
5	The Bond Bar has the trifecta of people watching. You can watch people on the strip, in the hotel/casino and at the bar without ever leaving your seat. The $12 and $14 martinis are worth every penny!  Huge, delicious and hand crafted.  I suggest the Pineapple Express. It even came with a dab of sage. haha
5	Stopped by for a drink and some playing. Lost our money but the wine was good. They have a very good selecttion.
1	The evening started off great but turned into a disaster. Early in the evening, our waitress broke a glass on the table: the beverage was splattered everywhere, including a large portion on one of our friends, and shards of glass went flying, including on my foot. We all understand mistakes happen and can accept this. The spilled beverage and shards of glass were unfortunate but it is not why the evening was disaster. It happened early night and we continued to have fun!At the end of the night, our second waitress (the previous had left for the night) took our credit cards. She used 2/3 of the credit cards (we were a large group) and returned to say the others could not be used because of a bar policy: there are a maximum number of credit cards for one bill. We explained why we thought her handling of the credit cards was not ideal (i.e. we should have been told this before an arbitrary selection of cards were used) and asked, after trying to negotiate with the waitress herself, to speak to the manager. The handling of the credit cards was unpleasant but it is not why the evening was a disaster.The manager with whom we dealt with was really inappropriate in many ways. Regarding the credit card situation it took him a great deal of time to offer a resolution. Eventually a resolution was offered, although, not ideal. In our interactions with the manager, we explained our intent was not to create problems. We gave specific examples--- had we wanted to create problems we certainly had provocation earlier in the evening when shards of glass came flying towards us.  When this fact was explained to the manager his response was appalling: "I wasn't there, I can't say this happened." It is this response that cinched my decision to never return to the Bond bar or the Cosmopolitan in general.My question: How can a manager at a supposed top-notch establishment not know about such an event occurring in his establishment? And if he doesn't know, why wouldn't he take steps to learn more about the situation rather than completely absolve himself from the situation? Very disappointed. Will not return.
5	Ok, yes my last is Bond. It really is.....but this is such a awesome little place. It is located at the Cosmo which is the coolest hotel in Vegas in my opinion. But it has great music, such a cool atmosphere, and girls dancing in the window. Enough said. Also, was there with my GF on Sunday at around 2am....place was packed. Awesome
4	always fun a bit pricey but it is a strip casino bar good drinks alot of foreigners!!! good music and u dont have to wait for a drink forever alot of gawkers walk through the strip door and look amazed to see girls in the windows dancing
2	Went  here with some friends while we were trying to figure out what we wanted to do that night.Pros:Good lounge area with a DJ and dancers.Cool decorGood view of the stripCons:Too brightVery smokyDrinks are WAY expensive $40 for 2 disgusting long island iced teas that we couldn't even drink.Hard to find seating for 4 people as most spots were reserved with no one there.
4	Really cool bar and lounge. Located right next to the entrance across the street from the Bellagio fountains. Being a big James Bond enthusiast, I wanted to check this place out, as I presumed that it's named after the British agent. I met up with a friend here and had a few drinks. A bit expensive, but you ARE inside the Cosmo in Las Vegas. They had really beautiful girls dancing in a small lit-up platform, so that's always a neat plus haha.
4	This bar is less like James Bond and more like Austin Powers.When I think of James Bond, I think of something sauve, understated, elegant.  The Bond bar at the Cosmopolitan definitely isn't any of those things.  On the other hand, if you're looking for a joint that's raucous, blinged-out, fairly tacky, and (dare I say?) a little shaggadelic, the Bond bar might be the place for you.Located right at the entrance to the Cosmopolitan, with huge windows looking right onto the Strip sidewalk, Bond gets lots of foot traffic and lookie-loos.  Can you blame it?  This place has enough lights and go-go dancers to make even the most jaded Vegas tourist feel giddy.Bond is a great nightlife alternative to the Vegas megaclubs.  Bond has deejays most nights, as well as bottle service for those who want it, but there are no bouncers or cover charges or guest lists to deal with here.  Just stroll on in and make yourself comfortable.  (Unfortunately, even here, the bar is tainted with those obnoxious video slots... sigh.)Drinks are solid, and prices are reasonable.  I had a few gin and sodas, and all packed a nice punch.  There are froofier cocktails available, but I prefer the Chandelier bar for that sort of thing.The crowd is *very* friendly.  Some drunk girl thought I was Josh Radnor and asked me to father her children.  I was flattered, but not interested.(FYI... She was less like Pussy Galore and more like Alotta Vagina.)
4	Bond at Cosmo hotel was really nice! Ambiance was perfect and the lighting was very cool!  The drinks were okay....don't get the Senorita drink unless you LOVE spicy pepper drinks!!!! It was gross!! But I give this place a 4 star because it was a really nice lounge to hang out before getting the night started!
5	My fave bar slash lounge in Vegas. Great drinks great vibe and super cute look. Love! Two to mango is my fave cocktail. Service is fairly good and bartenders are great. They have dancers in the upper windows and the music always rocks. A great place to hang around with your people if you don't feel like getting crazy at the clubs.
5	My favorite bar to go to in Vegas!!! Love it! Always have fun there and most of the bartenders are good about getting everyone served. I have a favorite bartender but I don't know his name.  Next time I go I will ask and update my review.  The atmosphere is awesome.  A lot of bars are dark but this one is bright and full of life.  We stay at the hotel all the time and its mainly because of that bar. Does that make me an alcoholic? ;)
4	WIth every venue within the Cosmopolitan lookin spiffy and beyond, it's hard to ignore the charms and scintillation of Bond. Accessible streetside via the Strip, it is more often than not the first point of contact for a lot of visitors to the Cosmo. Bright, bold, and undoubtedly beautiful, it can easily be a favorite for all LV goers.Any place in the Cosmo, let alone along the strip will be considerably more spendy than most typical joints in the area. Drinks here are pricey, but well made. When even a PBR is $5.50, a good cocktail will more than likely run north of $15. There are plenty of strong fruity cocktails, but I am partial to their Old Fashioned ($18) and they also make a mean Cosmo ($19).Plush and sparkling in every direction, it is easy to get comfortable at Bond. There are some nights where it's insanely crowded, with a house music DJ, complete with Bond dancers and a supremely good looking crowd. Ironically, my favorite times here are whenever I get to savor a decent drink on a weeknight where there is nothing going on other than people watching.Bartenders here will vary like any place, but all for the most part have been a fun and young bunch. Be nice and they may even comp a drink or two. It's easy to get a little smashed here and then storm off to Wicked Spoon for the best post-drinking binge session ever. If not, this is the perfect pre-game spot.
5	One of the coolest spots in Vegas. Get there early and watch the party build around you and always remember to take care of the bartenders and they'll take care of you, especially when the crowd hits. Cant wait to go back.
2	Very disappointed  in the service. Took us a while to find a place to sit because everything was 'reserved'. Once we sat down, a rude waitress told us they were closing off our area to have bottle service. I asked the manager where we should sit, and he pointed to the corner, because he said the previous area was for people who were spending $1000. Guess what- had we known that from the waitress, we would have stayed. I was so excited to come here. But service was lackluster.
2	I like to write a review especially when I don't agree with the majority.  In this case, I don't know why this gets 4 stars.  It's a small bar that's open to the casino floor and has no seating, and a tiny dance floor.  The DJ's are okay, nothing special.  What gets me is the expensive drinks.  Why charge night club prices for a place that isn't really a night club?  $9.50 or something for a beer is excessive.  I know I'm paying the salary of all the go-go dancers but still.  I'd rather just sit at Chandelier or Vesper and get better drinks.  If you want a nice small club then go to Gold Lounge.  This place is just sort of odd.
4	The bartender was pretty cool as she was handing you drinks, she'd be real personable.  But then when she walked away it was hard to get her attention.  She would gab with a co-worker over looking to see if any paying patrons wanted another drink.  They have a "two to mango" drink that is pretty awesome!!  I would keep drinking that all night if it were up to me!
4	Not clubbers, my husband and I like Bond because it feels like fun while being chill. Lighting and atmosphere are really cool. On a weeknight last week, the DJ was spinning great 80sdancing music and some people took to the floor. Women in their window boxes are more like moving models than dancers, but still entertaining. Drinks are tasty, seating options are good and the location is perfect for people watching (windows overlook the strip and bar is open to the entrance and the casino). We look forward to visiting this place everytime we're in Vegas. Try the French Pickler.
3	This is a cool looking place.  They have a great drink menu.  The issue is that it is very cramped.  There is not much room to move around even before it gets busy.  That is likely why they are expanding it.  I will definitely give it another try when they are done with the expansion.  This place has a lot of potential.  It is loud though, so conversation will be tough.
4	I loved this bar. Before 11:30. After 11:30 it turns into annoying house/electronica obnoxious music. Pre-11:30 it's fabulous jazzy, R and B with a good beat. I spent a few hours here and these are THE BEST bartenders: handsome, personable, efficient, knowledgeable. I had a bit of a disaster in Vegas and this was a great place to drink Ketel One Martinis. P.S. If you're a semi-cute girl, other patrons buy you drinks for no reason whatsoever. I had 2 Ketel One Martinis and a Syrah in 3.5 hours. And given I got screwed by Spirit Airlines an cabs , spending 200 dollars I didn't intend to spend, I was grateful for a night of free booze.
3	Me and the boys have hung out at BOND during our  annual 40-Something-Year-Old "Mancation" each of the last two years. Last year it seemed to have had a "swag", cool vibe to it with strikingly hot go-go girls in spicy costumes, and a lively crowd of all ages. It was our fav lounge and hang out of our trip last year...Don't know who flicked the switch this last month, but something changed for the worse. The vibe was subdued. Crowd was sparse and dead. Music was drab. The go-go girls looked like they were forced out of retirement to dance, plus they are now wearing very lame, prudish, tux-like uniforms. I would have had more fun at my dentist's office. The $17 drinks were the nail in the coffin. Not sure we'll be back....
3	After a three night stay at the Cosmopolitan and three nights checking out Bond, this small bar near the LV Strip Entrance did not live up to hype. It's a-ok, but was dead all three nights except for some people gambling on machines at the bar. This Bond was nothing like the cool suave style of a sexy British spy. It was more like Double O Disappointment. Hey-yo!We must of went during an off period because there were no DJs or dancers any of the nights. It was just a nice, clean bar. Again, it's fine, but nothing exciting or really special if there aren't dancers or DJs.
5	Bond is a bar and now a table games pit with ballerina dancers and a girl that swings on a swing :) pretty crazy awesome. Go check out the Bond girls and play a lil blackjack or war or some roulette :) as you enjoy ballerinas dancing in front of you while you play. They have specialty cocktails coming to you because the bond bar is just a few seconds away. Great spot to get quick drinks while gambling :) you can also enjoy the best music from the DJ's that are there live every single night :)Nice place to lounge and maybe dance a lil with a good group of friends.
5	BOND successfully mimics a "Swank Vibe" whats not to love, LED lights alone draw you in, Specialty drinks, a cool and comfortable atmosphere and intimate stages featuring sexy Dancers.  Experience some skillful DJ action with resident DJ Miss Joy.  Seriously I love her, I would of left hours ago but she kept playing everything and anything  I loved and my tab remained open.  The bartenders and cocktail waitresses eye candy of course....I mean even the maids at cosmo are Hawt!  This is my go to place when I want the bustle and hustle of a club with out the baggage.  Place to be SceneShake Dat A$$ approvedGamble in style
3	3.5 stars - Cool bar with go-go dancers swinging from ceiling, DJ pumping in cool dance music and high priced drinks. Actually it's a smart concept - it's basically a club atmosphere, without the lines or cover. Thought the drinks were just ok, not that great and they were pretty expensive. But again, if you want a club, give it try first.
5	It's a little pricey but the great atmosphere covers for that!
1	First they charged me twice for bottle service and today they bring me a small bottle of Patron for 3 bills.... this place is starting to remind me of TJ with all the hustle. When I come to Vegas and randomly got to a lounge that's half full and get bottle service I expect not to be hustled like I'm a tourist.
5	Awesome drinks, great people watching, and an attentive staff.  You can't ask for much more.
5	A MUST. (: The name says it all: BOND A super SEXY spot; full of attractive women (& bartenders ;D), great drinks, nice staff, sexy dancers, pretty lights/decor/velvet furniture! Ah. Loved this spot. Had quite a lot of fun watching the beautiful BOND girls dance up high in their wooden boxes/frames?, on swings, and all around. Super chic and fun spot to stop by for a drink on your way to the club or spend the evening! The FEMALE ;))) DJ played some great tunes the entire time & attracted visitors of all demographics.
5	My wife and I like to go to Las Vegas with a fair degree of regularity.We've been known to occasionally ingest alcoholic beverages there.The thing about Bond is ....... It seems to attract a higher class of patron than most of the other bars along South Las Vegas Blvd.The clientele did not seem to include crazed hillbillys on their first frolic outside their sister/cousin/daughter's neighborhood.To the contrary ... The crowd was rather hip & sophisticated the nights we were there.The folks inhabiting Bond were more interested in drinking tasty, expensive drinks, looking at all the beautiful people and being considered one of the beautiful people.The lights, music, bartenders, servers and ambience were all top-notch.The drinks were Delicious and Strong!  Did I mention they were also expensive?  Yet they were so damn good!Truth is, we did not feel like we were screwed on the prices of the drinks.We really got what we paid for ... And we found ourselves coming back to Bond, even after checking out the other so called hot bars.
4	Definitely a unique place with unique drinks and decor. On Wednesday nights bond is home to "Confidential" an LGBT event that brings a great (and good looking) crowd. All of the bartenders/mixologists are beyond friendly and will remember you from week to week if you're lucky enough to return. Now that it's newly renovated, Bond feels much more open and inviting much like the great music that is always bumping when you pass by in the Cosmopolitan.
2	I've visited the bond on several occasions and it seems to be going down hill.  Service is super slow even on a slow night. Waitresses are very impersonal and unfriendly.  On my latest trip I bought a martini and my friend bought a soda. After waiting 10 minutes the martini came out at about room temperature and they brought my friend's drink in a plastic cup.
3	Nice bar in the Cosmo. It's pretty open, no walls or anything, so just walk up and grab a drink. They have some tables, but this is a better place for a quick drink and moving on. Good music and visual distractions.
4	This is a much quieter bar to enjoy time with friends v the Marquee. Their benches provide a nice seating area and I like the ambiance.Excellent services and a wide variety of drinks
5	Love,  love,  love! !!! This bar is the best for lounging, great music, unbelievable ambiance,  awesome service and the best part--it's at the best hotel casino on the strip. Love to come here every time I am in Vegas.  :-D
4	Bond is one of the nicest hotel bars in Vegas.  The majority of the people there are classy/trendy/hip.  And it's def a nice spot to hit up bar hoppin or to stay the night.  Music is always on point and drinks are yum.When you order a red bull and vodka, they actually give you the can of of leftover red bull too.  Love coming here with friends.
3	We were already at the Cosmopolitan, so we decided to check this place out too. The lounge is open and easily seen and heard with the LED lights and house music. It was a chill place just to grab a drink and hang out for a bit. I didn't get to see any go-go dancers though.
5	Bond is the ISH!!! I have not been to a place where I enjoyed everything about it! The DJ there was DJ Stephen K and was on a Monday night. Monday and still awesome. The decor and location is freaking awesome. Great crowd not too crowed. There were areas for a private table and shadow boxes hanging from the ceiling where dancers were pulled up occasionally to dance. Prices are about 14 for a mixed drink and about 9 bucks for a beer. There is not a lot of dance room but still great for dancing. Definitely would say to check this place out if your a local or not!!
4	It's all about the server! This is our second time at Bond this week. First time Renata was just amazing. Just a great people person who checked with us often.  Great evening.  Tonight we are pretty much being ignored. Can't even get eye contact to get a drink.  Sat 15 minutes before someone got to us. The club itself as others have said is a little pricey, but it's Vegas - der! The music and general ambiance is kind of bumping. Lots if distractions, in a good way. Great place to hang out and have drinks with friends. But service matters.
4	Cool and pretty little lounge in the corner of the cosmopolitain ground casino floor. Had a fun time here last year for the 4th of july, this year it was often vacant everytime we passed by, but still nice to look at from both inside and outside, you can see everyone in the place from the strip, and when inside you have a nice view of the strip as well, its all very vegas. Hope it gets busy and jumpin again.
5	Not only is this bar visually stunning and located in one of the most breathtaking casinos on the strip, the cocktail selection is amazing. I just discovered the Je'Adore which is an upscale take on a melon ball. Grey Goose le Melon, Amaro Montenegro, Pineapple juice, fig preserves, cardamon chardonnay reduction and prosciutto....AMAZING!! You just have to try it for yourself!.
5	Had a great time at Bond. We had originally had plans to do one of the bigger clubs like Drais and were just going to check out Bond on one of the other nights. We ended up going here and getting a table. They played awesome music the entire night. Table was only a $300 minimum vs 800-1200 at one of the other clubs for an table on the hit patio. Had our own little section and lots of people dancing. We had great music but at a better price than the big clubs and didn't have to fight the huge crowds of people. Walked right in and asked the host if he had any tables which he still had 2 of. It was so easy and we had a great time. Highly recommended. We will be back often.
5	Hakim is the best bartender in Las Vegas hands down!!!  His drinks are amazing and I highly encourage you stop by the Bond to see him.  Every drink he makes is infused with passion and style.  Great time with the wife.  Will def be back!!!!  Thanks Hakim
4	Me and my friends had fun here!!! We stopped here on Thursday night and Friday night after walking the strip. No waiting in line and no cover. We walked straight in and dance our butts off. It was big but it had enough room for us to dance!
4	Nice ambience at the bar. The servers were snooty, but when we asked the bartender who finally served us how he liked Vegas, he responded that he hated it and couldn't wait to move back to Sherman Oaks. He was dead serious. I understand though, there were a ton of douches all around. :-)However our bartender managed to make us these amazing drinks called Uncle Buck that were $14 a pop.Delicious. That drink alone. 5 stars. Yum.
5	Best***best***best bar in Vegas. Fantastic music, good looking classy people, amazing drinks, fancy atmosphere....Try the dirty martini, it's the best I have had in 29 years!
5	Bond, hailing the Las Vegas Blvd has a very trendy ambience wrapped with lots of sparkly glam, backbar lights, friendly bartenders, sexy women coming and going, and with beautiful eye candy creating what I am going to call "Harmless Visual Stimuli" from the platform dancers. Last night I met up with some friends, old and new on The Las Vegas Blvd. Bond is located just inside The Cosmopolitan from the Blvd entrance. As we approached it, we immediately thought Elegant and Stunning!.... which was a great way to start off a night of many laughs and true Las Vegas style debauchery ;-).  I must say we had a great time for several hours interacting with the crowd, the bartender Angelica,  and most of all...great booze!   My favorite new shot is now definitely a "Baby Guinness" which was perfectly prepared by our Bartender Angelica.  A must try for those who venture into the Cosmo!! The shot only looks like a Guinness beer, tastes nothing like it.
5	Alex is a creative drink making genius!! So delicious....we'll be back for sure next time we are in Vegas!!
5	How can you not like this place? Plenty of seating and I love the decor. Super glitzy and sparkly everywhere like I like it. The drinks are delicious and they use fresh ingredients. I ordered a cosmo, because you know when at the cosmo...... Love the staff here too.
5	I have been to Bond several times over the last couple of years, and it always delivers on flavorful drinks.  Although I had walked by Bond many times, I did not initially give it a shot until I saw a publication that rated it "the best bar on the strip".  I was skeptical because it was usually pretty empty every time I walked by, especially during the day. My skepticism was blown away the first time I walked in and had a drink.  It was one of the most unique and tasty drinks I had ever had.  Since my first experience at Bond I have been back every time I have visited Vegas.  My most recent experience was probably my best because both the drinks and the service were outstanding.  Our bartender, Cody, is a skilled mixologist that made us some spectacular drinks.  One from the menu, and two of his own special creations.  All of them were excellent. His enthusiasm about his craft made the experience that much better.  He not only made the drinks, but he also provided great details on the ingredients and how they meshed well together.  It was awesome!Bond is not a place I would recommend for a crowded Vegas nightlife experience, but it is about as good a place as you will find to get a well crafted drink. It is always one of my 'must go to' places when I visit Vegas.  I would recommend it to any of my friends seeking a unique and flavorful drink.  I can't wait to go back the next time I am on the strip.
4	We didn't want to deal with going to a club for Halloween so we went here instead. GREAT DECISION! Music was great, the vibe was fun and the ambiance was pleasant as it always is in Cosmo. I usually go to Chandelier, but this place is also great. The only down side was the shots we ordered (raspberry vodka) tasted like water and didn't really have a high alcohol content (especially for $16 a pop). They also have dancers up in these boxes facing the strip - very cool. Highly recommend!
5	Allright, BOND is back! Great vibe. Lots of pretty people and not any obvious trolling going on. Bartenders were great; I milked my $20 video poker buy-in for two Moscow Mules - great drink for a an even better price. New Go-Go girls and uniforms were a nice change. Liked the BJ tables, dealers, and BJ dancers too! Keep it going BOND....
5	The five stars is exclusively for the Bloody Mary. We were waiting for a table at The Henry on a Saturday morning and sat down at the bar for a Bloody after a very hungover blonde couldn't stop raving about it while waiting for her breakfast table. The bartender described it as chipotle vodka and fresh herbs with some thai chili and it was phenomenal. I would go back just for that drink alone.
4	A nice little bar located inside of the Cosmopolitan. Definitely a great place to meet up with friends for a couple of drinks before venturing out or going to Marquee. Its a pretty big bar with stools all around and tables/couches.They do have some games on the bar.Bartenders are nice and easy to flag down.Beer prices range around $8.Shots range around $15A tad bit on the expensive side but it could be worse since everything is Vegas price!Overall, great location, open spaced and relaxing.
5	5 stars for Cody Brown, most awesome bartender that customizes drinks to your tastes and gives you the recipe!
5	One of the best bloody mary's in town, super friendly bartenders and a cool vibe. I really liked this place!
