3	I mostly prefer to shop online to avoid the the young floor people who talk to me like I don't know anything about electronics and relentlessly try to up sale a purchase with an unnecessary extended warranty or a freakin' magazine subscription. However after doing my homework and figuring out that they truly have competitive pricing I popped in to make a TV purchase. I discovered the TV was actually $70 cheaper than online. I still had to navigate through the the purchase with a distracted sales person who was more interested in what was going on around him than what was his focus should have been on but the slow moving transaction went through smoothly and without mistakes.
3	This is a pretty nice Best Buy, located at the right most end of the big Arroyo Crossing shopping center.  They just underwent a redesign, so the layout inside is a lot nicer and much more customer friendly than before.  And there are a lot of (mostly) nice and knowledgeable employees to offer help.  They also usually have a few demo areas set up, featuring everything from home theater set-ups to the latest video games.
2	The days of going into Best Buy and picking out movies are long gone and obsolete. Now-a-days it is easier to just buy everything online. When you are having a "Mighty Ducks" marathon and missing the last one, you use to be able to go in and get what you need. Maybe team sports movies that promote solidarity and empowerment are out of date, but the fact that it is not conveniently in store and the online store overcharges makes Best Buy not as advantageous as it used to be. What will happen to me if I decide to watch "Three Ninjas", "Major League", or any other movie from my childhood?In all seriousness, this was the first time I have stepped into Best Buy in years, and it was because I was impulsive with my random urges. Yet there is very little that you cannot have sent to you for a fraction of the price. If you must get it at this precious moment, and they have it in stock, then so be it. Otherwise, just go online and save yourself the gas money.
3	Every so often a band will release a cd that I just HAVE to get the day it is released. Today was one of those days. I went to this Best Buy on my lunch break because it is close to my work. The cd I wanted was easy to find, right in front of the music department with the other new releases. And It was a couple bucks cheaper then any other store in town, bonus!There was no line to check out, I was walking out with my new cd 5 minutes after I walked in. If you know what you want, this shop is A-OK.
4	I am finding that there are not a lot of knowledgeable employees in places where product knowledge is imperative to consumers.  I'm not sure if its because of the advent of the internet that, it seems, that its harder to find employees that know more or even enough about the products their selling to actually make a sale.  This is why I was so relieved to run into Matt in the mobile handset dept at this store.  I have gone to the different Best Buy stores in the city only to be disappointed with customer service.  And now I think I know now why more people are buying online than just buying in the stores.  Its just frustrating not only not having an expert to be able to ask basic questions and get some sensible answers, but its even more frustrating when you get the feeling like you're being treated as if you're an idiot for not knowing what you're looking for.  Like, seriously?  If they were on commission they would not be having that kind of attitude. Thank goodness Matt was there to help me, not only once, but each time I went back with a problem with the bluetooth I bought.  If it weren't for him helping me understand how it all worked and could work with my phone and my computer at the same time (like I wanted to), I would have brought it back.  I have an ACER tab W500 (Win 7) and an HTC (Android) phone and he made it possible for me to have my bluetooth work with both at the same time.  Before him, I was getting all the brush off saying it wasn't possible or that I'd have to buy a more expensive one, blah, blah, blah.  The only reason this store is even getting more than 2 stars is because of his customer service.  Hope they start implementing better customer service because so far all I can see is a lot of employees standing around ignoring customers.  I remember being in line at checkout ready to pay and I was the next in line and the only cashier working at that time just disappeared???  I don't know, I just don't see people here wanting to keep their jobs at all.
4	I would imagine most people think you've been to one Best Buy you've been to them all. There's some truth in that, but I felt compelled to review this particular location because I think it goes above and beyond! The store is always immaculate, even when it's very busy. Unlike other locations there are employees around and bonus, they're not scared to talk to you! Even if you're just looking around (guilty) for nothing in particular the staff is so friendly and ready to tell you some fun facts about the items surrounding you. I even got a whole personal headphone demo. I never thought I needed noise cancelling headphones but consider me impressed (xmas wish list started). They do move around the departments a lot I've noticed so sometimes it takes some navigating to find what you want, but I'm guessing that is by design. Overall a great shopping experience every time!
3	I love Best Buy, the employees are always helpful, easy to find, and very polite.  I just had my computer repaired using Geek Squad and it was done in less than 24 hours.  Great Service
1	All I can say is TERRIBLE customer service! We bought all new major appliances for our new house (refridgerator, microwave, stove, dishwasher, front-load washer and dryer) and couldn't be more disappointed. It's taken us 3 months to get the issues fixed. We ordered a particular set that was on sale during Labor Day weekend, then find out 3 days later that is has been discontinued. That made us miss all the other store sales, so we had to pay full price for a different set that we didn't even want. We received our first billing statement and not only did they not give us the 0% interest that they promised but they charged us twice for all the warrantees! Ridiculous. I called Best Buy and they require you go down in person to verify receipts, etc. So we did and got that fixed. The guy never came to install the microwave but they charged us anyway. We asked if we could get it scheduled. When the install guy showed up (3 months after the purchase) he shook his head and said he can't drill through our granit backsplash. That would have been nice to know so I wouldn't have wasted a whole day off work to NOT get it installed. And again have to go back down to Best Buy in person to have them remove the charge. Save money and time- don't buy major appliances from this store! Stick with Lowes or Home Depot. They have competative prices and much better customer service!
1	Worst service I have ever had at a best buy.  Was trying to get the attention of 3 different sales people who simply walked by me even though I was clearly in need of help.  I had a printout in hand of the exact laptop I was looking for.  All they had to do was simply retrieve it.  Instead their laptop guy on hand ignored me before, during, and after giving a guy directions to an apple store nearby.  Thanks guy.  Don't you all get commission?  The person who did finally help me said they don't get commission.  Perhaps they should so they would actually be inclined to sell something.  I got their last one, but I had to get it installed with some pre put in geek squad crap that added $99 to the list price.  Oh great.  Thanks for that.I give in, I will take it.  Finally checkout time.  Should be simple enough, pay and leave right?  Wrong.  Then I get to have the guy try to sell me all kinds of other "packages" with the laptop.  I told him 4 times that I was not interested in buying anything but the laptop.  The third time I literally said "dude, I just want the laptop and nothing else.  Just the laptop.  You can stop trying to sell me on everything else." At which point this robot continued to try to sell me on something else after reminding me that they don't work for commission.  Never before have I looked a wide awake person in the eye and told them something in such a way only to have them disregard anything I have said completely.  I understand you want your people to sell things that you have to offer, that's cool.  Perhaps you should train them on interacting and listening to another human being as well.  Last I checked, humans are your target market.From a business perspective, what more could you want than a person who has walked in prepared to buy something from your business with the sku# in hand?  Not only that but the person is happy to do so.  That is a perfect scenario for you.  How is it that you have trained your employees to make this perfect scenario into a negative experience for the buyer?  Because I can tell he didn't really want to say all that he was saying.  He was saying it because he has been trained to say it no matter what I might say in return.  He was trained to keep trying to sell me all of the additions.  I don't blame him, because he was just doing his job as he was trained to do it.  Upon revealing the experience to relatives in other states I found that they too had very similar experiences.  It is not an issue with the employee.  It is an issue with Best Buy itself.  So my question is for the people behind Best Buys training program.  Why are you training your employees to disregard and annoy your customer base with things you are making them say?  Sure they might sell some high profit services in the short term, but what about the long term?  What about repeat business?  I am very happy with the product I got and the price I got it for albeit the extra $99 I paid for something I could have done myself. (the geek squad setup pre-installed)  However, in the future when I am going to buy another laptop I am probably going to check out your competitors first.  Why?  Not for lower prices or better products, but for the ease of buying such products - the last thing anyone should be going to a competitor for.Oh and I should also add that I am a salesperson for a living at the moment, so this isn't coming from someone who doesn't know that perspective.  Selling is about making an enjoyable experience for the buyer.  Yes it is important to try to sell them things they may have not initially intended to buy, but in a pleasant way when they are open to do so.  If I tried to sell like you have trained your staff to sell I wouldn't have a job.  Merry Christmas.
1	Terrible customer service!!!! If I could give it minus 5 stars I would. The employees are absurd, I went in looking for a phone, I had heard about there price match grantee and had purchased items in the past under it. However, this time they told me that it had to be in stock at the store that was within 5 miles. I made a call to a store that had the phone on sale and told the manager about it and pulled up the ad on my phone the manager proceeded to walk around for about 5 minutes come back and tell me they had sold out and that I could buy the phone at their price or nothing. It was a horrible experience and left me very frustrated. Also if you ask the mobile manager to speak to his manager he pulls the line that their is no one above him, we have all heard this line before and know its BS so please think twice upon entering.
3	I know a lot of people do not like this Best Buy due to the lack of service, but I kinda of like that. I like to go into an electronics store and research and compare prices. On the times I have asked for help, it's true, they are no help. I asked about one of those Internet TV boxes and they told me to go to a kiosk to look at the details.But another time I was looking for a specific DVD and they helped me find it. So if you are looking for a DVD and need it fast (and not order online), go to Best Buy. For all else, it's a grab bag.
4	I enjoy shopping at this Best Buy and also the one near Red Rock Casino.  These days I mostly just shop for video games, consoles and accessories, plus movies and season sets of some interesting TV programming.Overall, I still prefer to shop online, since you tend to get the best price, especially if you are willing to wait for it to be delivered.  However, seeing the products in person can make a big difference in some purchases, like TVs, sound systems, etc.  And either I look like I am lost and in serious need of shopping assistance, I usually have associates seek me out asking if I needed any assistance or have questions they can answer.Since moving out to LV, I have only played video games when I go back to CA and visit my brother.  Which is not very often between school and work.  So after scoring the PS3 and XBOX Holiday bundles during Black Friday, I went back in to get a few titles to add to the library.  The associate from the gaming section who ended up assisting me was obviously very passionate and informed about the games and consoles he is selling.  He was able to give specific recommendations based on my gaming preferences.  I felt a little weird, asking for such recommendations, since I used to be pretty up to date and informed on this gaming stuff.  But it was one of the best shopping experiences I have had.While researching TVs for the new place, I was pretty much trying to read up on the various specs and differentiate any discernible picture quality of their big selections of LCD and LED televisions.  After a few minutes of solo research, a floor associate or supervisor showed up and ended up answering all the questions I was going to google, once I got back home.  Saved me maybe 20-30 minutes worth of surfing the Internet, which I spent instead on Yelp. And they have complimentary free WiFi, which is a great bonus service.
2	Go for the hands on veiwing experience...but prices are literally inflated by 150-400%. One good thing would have been bluray selection, but this one was lacking there as well.
2	I'm a typical Asian dude so obviously Best buy is my mecca of electronic stores. I love walking around Best Buy playing with whatever gadget and then spending my hard earned money on said gadgets.However, the thing that lacks at Best Buy is the customer service.  Although they are friendly once YOU start the conversation; how come I can walk around the whole store twice and NOT ONCE get a "hello" or "can I help you today". I'm also a "pro-sumer" vs a standard consumer. So I like to do research on what I am buying before I come in.  In the past 2 years I have been getting ALL my electronics at this Best Buy (TV, Surround Sound, TV stand, game systems, vacuum, Ipad) and each time i was disappointed in the lack of knowledge the salesmen possessed.  At one point after shopping for TV's the salesmen was dumbfounded when I started asking techy questions.  Now I understand the average consumer isn't so techy, but still! If your in that department, do some research so you can at least fake like you know something!I don't want to spend too much time with review as I don't feel it's worth my time.SUMMARY:  Do your own research on products online and don't put your trust in the sales associates at Best Buy.Only good thing is that sometimes they have the best price and will match other big box stores.
3	Do they know anything?
1	HORRIBLE HORRIBLE SERVICE! It wasn't even busy I counted at least 7 Best buy Employee's just standing around. Only if there was a 0/5 Stars I couldn't believe how bad we were treated. 03/12/2012 SUNDAY AFTERNOON DON'T GO TO THIS BEST BUY HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE.I went to this Best buy with my boyfriend because its the closes one to our home. We had to do an exchange for a bigger TV but we knew what we already wanted we just needed to see it so we walked over to the TV section. I kid you not I waited there for at least 15 MINUTES. Just standing there WAITING AND WAITING for someone to at least ACKNOWLEDGE US. NOPE NO ONE, we could see one sales man catering to an older couple who was dressed way to nice for a casual day at Best buy. So they looked like they had money so I guess that's why the sales associate never acknowledged us because he probably thought they would make a big sale. After waiting I finally tried to grab someone else in another department for some help, she called someone on the radio and said someone would help me soon. I WAITED ANOTHER 10 MINUTES, FINALLY my boyfriend and I started walking towards the doors to leave. My boyfriend see's a manager and tells him we're leaving because the SERVICE WAS SO HORRIBLE that we were taking our business some where else. The manager quickly helped us because they were about to loose a big sale. In the end we left with the TV we wanted and the sales guy that never acknowledged us never made a sale because as we were leaving the couple that "looked" like they had money never bought anything.
2	Buying from Best Buy is very unsafe! My card was used to purchase and charged to my account. I have told friends and family never to use Best Buy purchase online. I am also writing a review on Yelp to warn innocent victims.I was also sent an email from Best Buy claiming that they were going to credit my account the difference of my purchase and it never happened.The item was not available in the store at the time of my pick up - so I decided to buy somewhere else.I am currently waiting on 2 separate issues from Best Buy and to date - nothing has been done.Very risky to use online purchase from Best Buy.
2	Methinks the day of the big box is going the way of the Dodo bird, and Best Buy is leading the way.  1.  Yes they have lots of stuff but much of it is typically 1 or 2 generations behind technology wise. 2.  There are always a buch of blue shirts running around but none when you need to ask a question, get something from the back room or there are 10 people stacked at the single open register.3.  Prices are just ok, no bargains here and NO I don't want buy the two-year protection plan.
5	Cell phone department workers are fabulouso..:)
4	I came here during Black Friday. The crowd was tremendous in comparison during that time. It left a sour taste in my mouth, but it was expected on Black Friday.However, I came back here to pick up a HP monitor that I could not find in the Marks St. location. I ordered it online and accidentally had it delivered to my house, so I had to call the customer service department to change it to pick-up. The lady on the phone said I have to wait one week before I can pick it up here. She then proceeded to say, "No other Best Buys in your area has them in stock."Of course, I found out this location did, so I called and changed the order to pick it up here. The employees were friendly and one of them even walked me to the video card section instead of just pointing the aisle out. It was very nice of him.The other employees helped my GF find a microfiber cloth for her and even checked the back. Sadly, they did not have it in stock, although the system said they did.
4	I have to admit my trip to best buy this time was very informative. I was in the research stage for a laptop and a tv. I wanted to see what was the most economical way to get full Internet on the tv and maybe get a productive tablet. Anyway, about an hour later of questions and answers I felt satisfied with the information gathering and was impressed by their knowledge. I didn't go home with anything but I did feel compelled to buy something.... So I bought a DVD :)
4	Went in to check out the different phones that ATT has thru Best Buy. After looking at several models decided upon the Motorola Atrix. This is where it gets complicated. I have four lines and some were ready for upgrades....well anyway it took us over two hours with the store and ATT to get everything straightened out.  Kendra who was helping us was supposed to leave early to spend time with her family and never once did she act impatient or on a hurry. GREAT SERVICE!  Very Happy with my new phone...the only  reason they do not have five stars is because there were only two of them working and the line got backed up.  But very happy with my service!!! Thanks Kendra!
5	I was extremely surprised at the customer service we recently encompassed at this Best Buy.  Yes, their prices are high but they really have stepped up their game with offering price match and price guarantee.  They were able to match online prices with most of our purchases saving us more than $240.  For some items, their price was the lowest, leaving me astounded. They also offer a 30 day period for the price guarantee and return/exchange policy.  We spent a great amount of time in this store and our sales associate who also checked us out was unquestionably patient with us.  She was knowledgeable in the department she is in.  We  visited several departments throughout the store and I have to say their customer service is indeed impeccable.  There is always someone there to help you.  The only downside I have with this store is having to wait in line at customer service.  There's usually 1 or 2 people behind those counters and it takes such a long time before you are even helped.  They are located on S Rainbow and 215 at the Arroyo Crossing Shopping Plaza with ample and easy parking.
1	I went to buy a Kindle Fire and i was waiting like 20 minutes for somebody to help me, the store is clearly understaffed, and even that there was a very fat guy (nothing against that) and a blonde, both employees were talking to a guy that wanted to buy a Samsung Galaxy Tablet, i was next to them trying to asking for help but both were very interested in the guy that was explaining that he needed a tablet because his wife doesnt want to watch tv on the room, so he needed something to watch tv when she was asleep, and then started with his marital problems and i dont know how started to talk about his trip to China, so i took my kindle went to the register, paid and left, i honestly thought that in those stores there's always somebody to help you out, but i guess not...
4	If u asked me how do i think heaven looks like, this is exactly how i would describe it. The bestbuy store. Got all my electronics from them, car stereo, flat screen, laptop, u name it bestbuy probably have it in stock.Its not a 5 stars only for one reason: no matter how big of a costumer u r, u can't get a discount on nothing! They compare their prices to anyone, but no discount...Go almost once a week, just for the experience, some buy clothes, i shop at bestbuy.
2	Terrible customer service at this store. If Best Buy is wondering why they are failing a trip in here will provide the picture. Employees all chatting and no one is ever working. Online staed they had iPhone 5 in stock. I called and they confirmed. I drove over and they said "oh we haven't had them in days".  This is why people shop online. No aggravation.
1	I stumbled in here on the Saturday after Black Friday and was immediately impressed by the lack of shoppers and overwhelming number of staff.  Shelves were full of "specials" that had not yet been looted and based on the number of blue shirts I saw, I knew service would be easily found.I came in because this was the nearest store to my home that offered the SiriusXM radio kit with car adapter for $29.  Having been a previous subscriber, this looked like a good deal and my past radio was idiot-proof installation.  I found the kiosk and begin looking at the options.  There were 3 or 4 different choices, all varying steps up from the $29 version.After about 30 seconds I am greeted by two employees.  One girl, one guy (Sean).  I pick up a radio and ask "is this a complete kit? plug and play plus a radio?"  The girl responds "Uhmm... I think so" and Sean, god bless him "No, its just a box".  Ok f#$%3er... comedy hour, huh??  So I ignore him, trying to ignore both of them and keep looking.  The girl volunteers what little (and clearly wrong) knowledge she has and I just kinda give her a head nod like 'i got this' and say "thanks".  They take the hint and both walk away.  Sean, my new found friend in skinny pants loudly says "You're Welcome!" as he walks away with his back to me.  Congratulations, Sir... you just earned a phone call to Corporate.No less than a minute later a kid comes up in a geek squad shirt. I can see the other two being seasonal hires but HE SHOULD KNOW SOMETHING!!  I am looking at the box trying to figure out all of the wires that are included and I ask the simple question:  Can I plug this into my car radio's aux port?  His response: "No, you have to pull the radio and install from the rear. It is kind of complicated, we offer it for $79".  In spite of the Best Buy employees, I bought the sale item I came in for, walk to my car, and no less than 5 minutes later, IN THE PARKING LOT, I am listening to SiriusXM.  No $79 install, just 3 wires.  Idiot-proof! They need to make the instructions a little clearer on the box so they can take it to the next level down... Best Buy Employee-proof.I will only be back if they are cheaper than everyone else.  There is no value to any of their services as far as I am concerned.
1	I guess I shouldn't be surprised when I came on here to write this review and found that they already have 2.5 stars. They really should have one star.. but here is my review anyways...I received the Beats by Dr. Dre Pill for Christmas from my Uncle. For those of you who don't know what this it, it's basically a blue tooth speaker system. It was working great for about two weeks, but then it stopped connecting to my phone, or anything else I tried to pair it with. So I did my homework, researched online what the issue could be and I found that it's a bug in the system. If you send it back to Beats, then it takes 4 weeks for them to fix it and return. BUT Beats knows of the issue, and the new models that came out at the end of Dec. had been fixed. So I went to Best Buy to EXCHANGE my Beats Pill. Let me say that again, I did not want cash, or store credit. I simply wanted to exchange my malfunctioning speakers for ones that worked. It had NO physical damage, or water, NOTHING. It was in perfect condition. So I tried to return it and the employees were SO RUDE. They took it back to the "Geek Squad" to see if they could fix it, but all they did was confirm that the Bluetooth wasn't working. Ok, so Bluetooth speakers can't connect by Bluetooth. Awesome. BUT they refused to do anything. Although it was a gift, and I was simply requesting a replacement, they said I had to have a receipt. I'm not sure what they didn't understand by the word GIFT, but apparently the geeks there don't understand simple English. I can see if I wanted cash for this, but I just wanted to exchange it. I asked to speak to a manger, and a supervisor came out names Chris. He was seriously the rudest person I have ever spoken to. Not only was he not sympathetic, he was down right rude and said he wouldn't do anything about my issue. He confirmed that it was a bug in the system, and that they do in fact sell the malfunctioning Beats Pill in their store, but he still wouldn't do anything about it. Honestly, it's not like Best Buy is going to take a hit for this. They are going to send it back to Beats. So why on earth would they treat their customers with such little disregard? Because they were never taught customer service, that's why. Not only I will NEVER buy anything from Best Buy again, I will make it a point to make sure no one I know goes here either. Apple, Target, Fry's, or ANY OTHER electronics store will get my business. Not only does Best Buy apparently NOT stand behind their product, but they are knowingly selling malfunctioning electronics and don't care. There are SO many places to buy electronics these days, and the fact that Best Buy apparently doesn't care enough to take care of their customers is beyond me. Bad business ethics, and practices DON'T KEEP CUSTOMERS.
3	I hate Best Buy. I turn into a live version of "The Walking Dead" when I enter the store. The place is that boring. That being said, the place has pretty good service and there are always plenty of people to help with any questions for requests that we may have. My fella got a gift card as a Christmas gift and we have been putting off spending it for quite some time. We came here twice and just couldn't stand trying to come here a third time so I had the brilliant idea of buying a Visa gift card so that we would never have to return, We did have to pay a $6 fee to purchase the Visa card, but it was worth it for my fella and I knowing we were done with the torture.Obviously this place is not made for us, but for those that Best Buy is created for, they have really great service that hopefully will be put to better use with people who will appreciate it more.
3	OK , SO my experience could have been a little better. The gentleman who helped me (Bryan) was a huge help, very knowledgable and friendly. He answered all my questions and assisted me from beginning to end. The negative part of this entire ordeal was that it took forever to ring me up with my new Ipad. Not Bryans fault however. It was stupid sprint who was irritating the poor guy on the phone. They couldnt seem to make things easy. Bryan got visibly fustrated. Most people would. But all in all I received everything I asked for and more. I would go back again.
4	Love this best buy, i'm there so much I need to start clocking my time when i arrive. Only had one experience where I didn't get good service/assistance. Figures it was when i was making a $500 purchase, but I didn't look like it I guess. Left the store, went online, and came back and picked it up. Had a car radio installed here, that was a cool experience, cool helpful dudes. Got my cell phones here, nice ppl over there. Good video game nerds in the game section usually, thats always fun.
4	As everyone is transitioning to online purchases, BestBuy has become a big box store with a quickly dying market place; They do have one thing going for them. That is customer service. Whether you are dealing with the Geek Squad or one of the regular Blue Shirt salesmen on the floor they always seem to go above and beyond to help me find what I'm looking for. In fact if they don't have it in their store they offer to order it for me or tell me where to go and pick it up locally.Case in point, Today I wanted a newly released CD, Yes I'm one of those die hard geezers who wants an actual disc and not some digital soft copy. They had it advertised on the shelf but no more copies in the bin. Now the Flaming Lips are popular but since the release was just this week I found it hard to believe there was more than 2 or 3 die hard fans who still wanted hard copies and that they had all came to this store and bought them out. The end result was a Blue Shirt hunt and found a very eager and enthusiastic young kid who also couldn't find the mysterious disk and called for back up.The Blue Shirt sales team jumped to the rescue and searched online, the back rooms of the store and even through the shelves thinking someone may have hidden a few copies behind another album as the store computer claimed their was three copies left.Less than 10mins later I walked out of the store with one of the two  remaining copies left ( they surmised that the other was probably five finger discounted and said that was a big problem now as hardly anyone ever buys these relics anymore and they don't watch that corner as hard as the rest of the store) after thanking the search team for all their help I eagerly awaited the drive home listing to my new purchase. Sad to say I wasn't as impressed with Wayne Coyne's new album but BestBuy earned my repeat business today with top notch customer service. The next time I need an instant geek fix I will definitely stop in.
1	My husband and I were in Best Buy (Arroyo Crossing Parkway location) a little less than a week ago to purchase new cell phones.It took a while to get someone to even help us, so we could look at the phones to see if we liked them. There were not alot of people in the store at the time.Then when we finally did get someone to help us, we talked for a while and decided that we would get the phones.We were taken to a seperate area to complete our transaction. The man helping us had no personality, didnt even smile, it just looked like he really didnt want to be there. We werent given any pricing paperwork other than best buy's Geek squad warranty options, which is a complete rip off. He didnt explain anything to us, just asked for my ID and then said the total for both phones today is $239.00.We were both given free upgrades from our wireless provider & we knew that we would have to pay a fee to renew our contracts as well, but not $239 worth!When we heard that total we asked him why it was that high. He rudely said, "Well there is tax for the phones. You know that thing called sales tax when you go shopping."My husband and I were so disgusted with the pricing and with the way the rep. was acting that we said no, have a nice day and walked out.We ended up purchasing our phones online that night. It was $30 to upgrade the contract on both of our phones, no charge for the phones and free shipping for the exact same phones.Best Buy is never earning my business again.
5	Staff is friendly customer service is excellent and product availability is also satisfying.
2	Went here with my wife to upgrade her phone, and let's just say we were not impressed by the service.  The Samsung rep was telling us one thing about the battery life of a certain phone, while the Best Buy employee was telling us the opposite.  The guy doing the activation and trade in acted like he would rather have been at a funeral than deal with us.  The team lead pretty much called my wife a liar saying that she only offered $15 for our trade in, when we know for a fact she offered $45 the day before. Not a very good experience overall. I would stay away if I were you.
5	We came in looking for Duck Dynasty DVD that was just released and could not find it anywhere. We came across this young gentleman that worked there and we asked him regards to it. Very nice. He said he will go check into it. He brought one to us. Funny he found them by the registers but, he was nice enough to help us and did not show we bugged him. The cashier girl was also nice and personable. They are opened 7 days a week usually 10-9. We will go back. Oh and our DVD was $2.00 cheaper here than another store we went to and they were out and no one to help us!!
1	This store has some of the worst service imaginable. Just try to purchase a phone from their mobile Center, seriously just try it. All the employees act like it's an inconvenience to them for you to be there. Most of them are terribly uninformed about the products that they are trying to sell you. I suggest if you're looking to purchase something do research online before you buy it from them.
3	I came here to purchase a CD which was released the day earlier, but they were already sold out. The music selection has shrunk in recent years, making it even harder to purchase what I originally came for. I give this store 3/5 because the associate said I could order it in store and it could either but shipped to store or my house for free. He wasn't able to place the order and directed me to customer service. From there, the second associate was not attentive, taking her time, and ended up making me pay for shipping because the order was less than $25. It should've been more clear as to what my options were in purchasing an item not in stock. I could've placed the order online myself instead.  Customer service was not the best, which should be its priority in a service retailer.
5	Super friendly and helpful staff. Even the front door girl was polite, greeting me when I came in and telling me how awesome GTA V is when I left.
1	I'm not happy with this location. They need to have store meetings just so that everyone is on the same page. I was looking for an item and two store associates helped me get it. When I go to check out, they tell me it was recalled and could not sell it. One associate tried to lie... Saying there was false information that's why it was recalled. (It's a strategy guide) I'm not dumb, they probably didn't have it out on the sales floor because it's a limited item. Anyways, the guy was really rude and said sorry in a sarcastic way. I wish I would have gotten his name. Someone as rude as him should not be working as a sales person.
3	Very disappointed trying to upgrade iPhone and iPad. We waited 15 minutes to find an associate to help us and only did so after asking someone for help. We explained to the associate what we wanted to accomplish with our visit and explained which apple products we wanted to upgrade to. iPhone 5s and the new iPad air. Both items together would roughly be a 1500.00 sale for Best Buy. My question to the associate was after trade-in what would my difference be that I owed. After continual efforts to get this simple question answered, I explained to the associate to please answer the question. He left us for about 15 minutes to look up the amounts for trade. He returned and began telling us that all the iPads were out of stock, however he did tell us the trade in amounts on each item. I asked if he could tell us the differences so so knew how much we would spend out of pocket. He then continued to avoid the simple question. I stopped him for a minute and advised him that as a salesman he might have more success simply answering the customers questions. He responded that he was not a salesman, he was just trying to assist us. Not wanting to add to the heat of the moment I again asked for him to again give us the difference on the phone. Finally he explained the price difference, but quickly advised us that we would have to wait another 30 minutes for a phone tech to be free to assist us. Maybe it was just me, but my patience was up and my wife and I chose to leave without making a purchase! Best Buy has been my go to electronic store for the past 10 years however their service as of late is very poor. Maybe if they did have incentive sales associates their might be a greater sense of urgency to assist a client.
1	Terrible service! I bought an iTunes gift card and realized i don't need it and would love to exchange back to bestbuy store credit. But they said no! And manager with two other associates gang up on me and reject everything when the receipt does not indicate no gift card returns! They were rude and very unprofessional!! Bestbuy only care for your money in your package! And no customer service at all.. Never go back and don't go back to this location! Worst place to shop!!They only ask you if you want insurance on your electronic, and wouldn't let you know that you can't return the giftcard that you purchase at their store!
1	I left after waiting 15 minutes and being the only person in the mobile phone department. Not one employee approached me, several walked by but one never helped me. I stood in the department and wrote this review while waiting in the mobile phone area.
5	I personally thought their customer service was AWESOME.  I happened to go in the afternoon during a recent trip to Vegas, and the store was obviously less busy at the time.  Nonetheless, the sales reps spent a considerable amount of time helping me find the right product, and even looked at some online reviews w/ me to make sure I was getting the best item.  He helped me select an item that wasn't the most expensive item on the shelf, but had stellar reviews.  He even worked with his manager to do a price adjustment to match the online price.  Unfortunately I don't live in this area, so I can't go to this location all the time.  However, all the staff was definitely very courteous and helpful.
2	Had to return a purchase I made and the person I talked w on the phone was helpful answering my question re: my receipt and a return and had my info waiting at the returns area when I arrived. The lady that processed my return was very nice as well. After my return was processed I walked around the store for 11 min and only one employee even said hello. None asked if I needed any assistance, so I left. Have to say this is the 2nd time I've been to this store and trying to get any sales assistance here is not easy.
1	I go to this location due to it being near me, but I seldom get approached. Especially at the car audio section, I never get good service. Customer service lacks vastly. Management needs to work on that. Also, very few associates personally knew how to deeply answer questions. Some lacked knowledge of what product they were selling.
2	Came in to get a new stereo for my car, only to be told I can't make an appointment because the "audio guy" left at 6:00. So your saying I can't set up an appointment to get the stereo installed because the guy has gone home??? Nobody else can do it??? No one???
1	Dont buy from bestbuy. You will be ripped off with bad attitude.all they care is try to do more sale. I tried to renew my phone contract over the but they didn't do it right and j have to pay for 2 carrier at the same time. And they said to my friend another time when she went there: " if you didn't knoe too long then I just cut off and do the next customer.  " with the rude attitude.
5	I forgot to cheek in on my most recent trip to Best Buy but I figured I share my experience with you. I was in the market for an over the range microwave. After visiting Lowes and Home Depot in the same shopping center I decided to go over to best buy as I was about to head back to lowes. I'm so Glad I did. I was Helped by Travis in the appliance section. I told him what I desired and he guided me over to the clearance/open box section and showed me a smoking deal for an open box microwave. It was normally over $500 and I got it for $199. it was only missing two screws and the owners manual. I was able to download the owners manual online and went right back over to Home depot and bout the two screws for 60 cents. The microwave is amazing!!! It's a microwave, It's a convection oven, or it can be both at the same time. Travis, thanks for showing me this deal. I love it!!!
2	I took my PC in to Best Buy Geek Squad and was very disappointed in the service and prices. My harddrive crashed and I wanted to get my files off of it.They charged me 100 just to confirm that it was already crashed. Then they wanted another 150 to recover "what they can" off the drive.I ended up taking it to a local small business and they had my files within minutes and charged me a fair rate.
5	Really good job for customer service - especially Bryan and Travis in the PC department.
1	I just got done standing in front of the Mac books for 30 minutes without a single associate asking if I needed help. Finally a manager type walks by and asks if I need help. Yes, I would like to purchase a Mac book, the most expensive laptop in the store. He'll get someone. He speaks with two gentlemen who do not come over to assist, but walk the other way. Yes, assist the attractive 22 year old girl that just walked in and wants to buy a $79 iPod touch. I was just about to drop $1200 on a new MacBook. I'm done. The $75 lower price is not worth this. I'll go to the Apple Store tomorrow. At least someone will acknowledge that I exist there.
4	I dig the selection, and they've done good deals tucked away in the movies and music sections. The staff is proficient, but not as friendly or engaging as I'd prefer; I know that being greeted in every department as you pass may be trying for some, but so, too, are others (like myself) who feel undervalued as a customer if the only people we interact with ate the greeter and the cashier.I've been in a few times, and I'll definitely be back. Their prices on new release movies beat out the Walmart down the block, and they've a larger selection of miscellaneous titles, TV shows, and a more specialized staff to back them up (even if they're not as friendly as I'd prefer).
1	Bought a refrigerator and washer/dryer and arranged for delivery the following week.  Upon delivering the appliances, the refrigerator doors did not align properly and the crew did not hook up the water and ice maker (which was part of the agreement), because they didn't have the right parts (even though I purchased the installation kit with the refrigerator).Drove down to the store to talk to the sales representative about having a tech come out to adjust the doors back into alignment and was told I need to call the service department, which I did the following day.  Scheduled an appointment for the next available time slot (four hour window of me waiting around for them), and who shows up but the same installers who tell me:  "You should have scheduled a service tech, not us".  My response:  I did.So, back down to Best Buy I go, talk to the manager Shane who says: "Oh, they have been trying to call you and the number they have on file isn't correct.  My response... "That's bullshit they've call me on that number the day they delivered the refrigerator."  I told Shane that I'd already had to wait twice for four hours each time and the refrigerator was still mis-alligned.  I asked him to schedule me for a specific day and a specific time (as I was not willing to wait for their team a third time for four hours), he said that should be fine but he would check and call me.  No follow up or call from Shane.Back down to Best Buy a fourth time, talked to Jimmy and explained the whole situation.  He actually stepped up and took care of it, and was able to get a credit back of $150 for all the trouble.So, in a nutshell:  If you have time to spend waiting for them to get it together when there is a problem... the selection and the price was what I was looking for.  But, when you have to spend 4 hours out of your day on three separate occasions and multiple trips to the store to get a resolution... it just doesn't make it worth the savings.
4	So glad I have yet to encounter these bad customer service experiences that most of the fellow Yelpers have! I'm thinking they might've gotten the hint that many people have been complaining because when I have walked in each and every time I've been greeted by the loss prevention guy (yellow shirt) and also when walking around! My particular visit was just for a new scale for my bathroom but of course I didn't leave with just that! The cashier was more than helpful with assisting me to look up one of my best buy reward zone certificates! This location happens to be the closest to me which is why I visit as often as I do! I particularly care for the one on Charleston/215 more but until this location does something I'm not happy with I'll continue doing business with them!
1	Sadly it seems I only take the time to write a review when things are substandard. I love BestBuy but today was really frustrating. I wanted to purchase a Xbox one and a remote for my GoPro hero 4 black. No one would help me! In the tv section two employees were standing and joking with each other, up front employees were talking with the front security guy that checks your receipts. I finally got an employees' attention and told her what I wanted to buy and she said she really couldn't help me cause she didn't work in that area but she could get someone for me. I wanted to ask the Samsung or DirectTv reps, they were nicer and at least they acknowledged me, unlike the BestBuy employees! I ended up buying a new controller for my Xbox 360 instead of a Xbox one. The check out lady was super nice and apologetic and said she would find someone to help me but it was too late. 1/2 hr in the store with no one helping me was enough. One I don't work in that area and one I will be right with you was all I could take. I was so frustrated I didn't even use my rewards card!
1	Bad customer service. I'm sure not everyone here lacks this but when my bf and I were directed to an individual to help us he was too busy hitting on this girl the whole time, stated "I'm busy" while scrolling through his phone and didnt even give us eye contact so we tried another guy.As soon as we asked him to find a product in a different location, he sighed like he didn't want to bother and proceeded with "nope, it's not showing up".Prior to coming here we came from the Charleston / Summerlin area and they helped us out just fine.
2	I have had mediocre service at the other Best Buy locations in town. This one, however, took the cake. I called before arriving, to pick up a popular TV-on-DVD series, and was told they had several in stock of both regular DVD and Blu-ray.When I arrive, there is limited signage and organization to this location. I finally locate the right department, and there are only Blu-ray copies of this DVD available. It takes several minutes to locate an employee.Employee A comes over, hears my dilemma, and stares at the shelf. I have to prompt him to look up whether other copies are available and if perhaps there is another display featuring this series. He seems high as a kite and does not seem to understand the problem. After waiting several minutes, Employee B finishes nearby with another customer, hears the synopsis of my situation, and locates the DVD in question in under two minutes with a smile on his face.I'm generally not one to review chain stores very often, or to judge employees based on their handling of one customer, but you either need to be more discerning with your hiring practices or amp up your training procedures if someone can be this thoroughly inept while on the clock at your business.
