3	I am happy to see Thai food in Goodyear. This place is good for quick, local thai food. I've definitely had better, but it's good enough for Goodyear, and I love that I don't have to go all the way into Scottsdale for decent Thai food anymore. It works in a pinch. The drunken noodles are really good. Service is always very pleasant and friendly, although I pretty much always do take-out. Hope to see more NON-CHAIN ethnic eateries in the west valley!
5	The best thai on the west side of town! Each and every dish is amazing (i love the noodle dishes). Be sure to check out their lunch specials!
3	The restaurant is lavishly decorated with Thai culture motif. We ordered the Tom Yum soup spice level very hot and it was a kick - a**. My son even tried it and enjoyed slurping the soup and quickly reaching out for water to drink. We would definitely go back here and eat.
4	Considering the West side of town doesn't have a whole lot of Thai places to chooose from, this place is pretty awesome.  Comparatively speaking to all the Thai places I've been to, I would have given it 3.25 stars.  We got their pad na, pumpkin curry, and pineapple fried rice.  I would say the taste is comprable to to other decent Thai places I've been to in the past.  I'll definitely be looking forward to going again in the future!A friend took us there and they even mentioned that there's karaoke night.  It would be awesome to check that out one evening!
5	I love their spicy basil chicken! I always end up licking my plate clean.
5	Wonderful service, I always order the Spicy Bamboo with Chicken, it is superb!!!
4	I bypass the Thai Orchid which is very close to me and go to Sala Thai instead now. (I reviewed Thai Orchid previously. I won't go again. The owner has made me feel less than welcome every time he has been there altho the wait staff and the non-grouchy co-owner are great.) I always receive fast friendly service at Sala. They have more lunch options at a great price, great srvc(!), and they have re-done the interior. I have been there for dinner several times and was very pleased with the prompt arrival of everything we ordered. I think the food is very good and consistently hear praise from anyone else who joins me there about it too. I know one reviewer said the food was not good and I would strongly  disagree.
5	Excellent red curry and blended Thai coffee.  Been here MANY times and keep coming back for more.  Very inexpensive & good Thai food.  It's under new management and they have improved the decor, but kept the same cook.  :)   A+
4	I had an unexpected visit from the Lee family.  They were on the west side of town, so they called and said dinner?  YEAH, I am there.  Asian food?  OK.  Thai?  OK.  Sala Thai was choice, thanks Yelp!!!It is tucked into a strip mall with a Fry's.  Easy to spot.  It was nice, clean, but only a few tables filled when we got there.  We sat next to the fish tank filled with plastic toy fishes.  The kids were amazed.  We ordered:Chicken Satay - It was pretty good, love the peanut sauce.Tom Yum Soup - A and J said VERY SPICY but goodPhad-See-Ew with Beef - The kids inhaled itThai BBQ Pork -  They are actually pork chops.  Pretty good.Pineapple Fried Rice - YUM.  The service was good (even from the new employee).  3.5 stars.....
3	Curried tofu can cure any ailment. This also includes hangovers, a touch of the flu, and broken hearts. With that said, I liked this  little place. I was in town for an event, and craved food not found in a drive-thru or the company of chains. I was not disappointed by Sala.  Generous portions, pleasant ambiance, and the food was wonderfully spiced. I'd definitely eat here again.
5	Love this place!! Freshest spring rolls ever!! Very authentic dishes & flavor, not for those who did not grow up O.J. fresh Thai!
4	I happened to see this restaurant while driving home from somewhere, and checked it out on here.  The reviews were somewhat mixed, but most saying it was worth a try.  We decided to check it out tonight, and so glad we did.It wasn't too crowded for about 7ish on a Sunday night, but a few tables were full.  We were seated immediately, and found the staff very friendly.  We started with the chicken satay, which was absolutely delicious.  I loved the peanut sauce, could've just eaten it with a spoon.   We both got the pad thai, and found it very good.  I loved it as is, my husband would probably get it with a little spice added next time, but he also really enjoyed it.  And, we ordered the fried bread with coconut ice cream as a shared dessert.  It was also very good.All the food seemed to be made as we were ordering it, things were fresh-tasting and very hot.  Someone was always around, making sure everything was good, and if we needed anything else.  I've noticed some of the past reviews mentioned service issues, and we had none of that.The decor was casual and comfy.  There is a large fish tank in the middle of the restaurant, and it has a bunch of colorful toy fish in it.  For some reason, we found that amusing, but couldn't stop watching it...LOL!  There was also a young woman who was singing from a karaoke machine...she did a few sets...and was surprisingly quite good.  I believe she works for the restaurant, not a patron just getting up and performing.All in all, we really enjoyed our experience, and are looking forward to going back again.
4	This place is sooooo yummy! They have an excellent menu choice with almost every Thai dish you can think of!My favorites include their Pad Thai, Fish Cakes, Shrimp Rolls, Seafood Soup and Fried Bananas with homemade Coconut Ice Cream!!Did I mention they also have BOBA?!
5	My husband and I had looked forward to trying this place all day. When we arrived at 6pm on a Saturday night there was a note on the door stating their lights and AC had went out. We peeked our heads in and asked if they were open. The hostess explained that they could cook, but there was no AC so it was probably a little too warm to dine in (the power had went out about 15 minutes before we arrived.)We came in and sat down in the empty restaurant and the cook and hostess were so nice! They took our order and actually cooked it by flashlight. The decor of the place is actually pretty nice and quaint for a typical "strip mall" type place. I was kind of disappointed that we couldn't stay and dine there.As for the food: We ordered the chicken satay as an appetizer and ate it there while we waited. It was amazing. The peanut sauce and whatever the other sauce it comes with was excellent.The Pad Thai was pretty good. I would definitely eat it again. The Tom Yum Seafood soup is the most amazing soup ever! It is a little spicy (we ordered medium) so I wouldn't suggest getting it hot unless you are willing to breathe fire!The Pa-Nang is also fantastic. My husband ordered it hot, and it definitely was, but not so hot that you couldn't taste all the flavors. It was also excellent.TL/DR: This place is excellent, definitely worth trying if you like Thai food
5	This place was awesome. the service was amazing and the food was fantastic. Highly recommend this. We had bbq chicken, spicey fried rice, won ton soup and spring rolls. My wife, 3 kids and I will be coming back next week.
2	This is decent Thai food... I really went with the intent to get a Thai Tea.  Mission Accomplished on that front.  But the food is good, not the best or the worst.  They do serve large portions for the price.  There were only a few tables occupied when I had lunch there, and they all seemed please.
5	We have gone here plenty of times and each time the food is great.  I personally like spicy so I order drunken noodles level 5.  We do the chicken satay for starters then order meals. The different  food variety has something for everyone so try different things to see what best fits your taste.  If you have not tried this place and you like thai I highly recommend it.   I recently had family from out of town come in and they loved the food. We were able to put tables together to seat us all. The family is really nice and very pleasant.
4	Noticed this restaurant next to O'Riley auto parts in a business strip center.  The posted menu listed hot and sour soup which I am on a quest to find a good source of.  First, I have no reference for judging Thai food.  I do enjoy Japanese and Chinese food having visited Hong Kong and Taiwan multiple times.  I lived in Japan for a couple of years south of Tokyo.  I ordered a serving of hot and sour soup to take home to the wife.  It was interesting, but not like the Americanized version I'm looking for.  It was tasty, very full of mushrooms, onion, carrot, tomato and chicken.  No tofu that is common in the American version.  It had a thin stock that was nicely spicy.  I did not notice much sour component.  Interestingly, there were lemongrass sticks and pieces of what looked like pork bone in the soup as well.  Don't know if this was authentic to Thai cooking or an oversight.  Also tried the Thai chicken fried rice.  It was also very flavorful with generous amounts of chicken, vegetables and egg.  It was not stir fried at a high temperature to create the smoky flavor I look for in fried rice.  Very good though.I ordered an appetizer of fried tofu.  It was, well, fried tofu.  Six generous pieces needing four bites each to consume.  Served with a nice sweet brown sauce garnished with fine chopped peanuts.  I would say the tofu was a good vehicle to enjoy the sauce.  The adventuresome item I tried was some spicy ginger pork.  It had the little red pepper beside the menu title.  Properly warned, I asked the waitress how hot their food is.    We came to common understanding with the word medium.  Sorry, I don't speak Thai.  I enjoy the taste of hot peppers, but not chemical burns.  The dish was wonderful.  Spicy hot enough to clear out any congestion and hydrate the eyes, but not painful.  I expect the full strength version would have been beyond my tolerance.  It's nice they adjust for wimpy Americans.  Very gingery with lots of vegetables.  The broth was awesome.  A good ginger dish warms the tummy and soul.  Served with a large bowl of steamed rice, it is the main reason I'll return again.  Portions are large enough (intended) for two.  Like most real Asian restaurants, you should bring friends and family.  They serve platters or bowels of food to spoon onto the empty plate provided.   Glad I stopped by to try their food.  I'll be back.
5	This place was amazing to dine in. I'm not sure what part of Thailand they are from but they nailed the Laarb spot on and even had sticky rice.The spiciness was correct. When the mother running the kitchen heard they had a Thai person in the restaurant she came out to investigate. Again with that funky language dialect thing, she thought I was from Laos and chatted me up. I wasn't expecting a special treat she had brought out to me. A small dish of dressed up fish sauce for my laarb. My GOD it was amazing already but this sauce just made me miss my mom's cooking instantly. Once I found this place, it became the only restaurant I would order take away from. Phone orders were a breeze.My husband wasn't a fan of hot food so I would just order him Pad Se ew and he enjoyed it thoroughly. Here's a hint, if the Thai food needs to be hot tell them to make it Isan hot, not Thai hot. There is a difference.
5	This place is amazing. I come here almost every weekend for their basil fried rice. So delicious!
2	Recently moved from Washington State and decided to go here with my mom.  We heard good things, so what the hell.  It couldn't be too bad, right?Well...We kept it simple and only ordered a few appetizers: fried egg rolls and chicken satay.The egg rolls reminded me of what I would find in a cheap Chinese restaurant and the chicken satay was dry, tough, and overcooked.I can only assume that people around here must not know what good Thai food tastes like.We won't be back.
4	AMAZINGI just had lunch here and it was AMAZING. I love this place. I can't believe it took me this long to stop in! I had the Pad Thai and eggroll. This food is fresh tasting, fulfilling, and pretty inexpensive. I would recommend this place to anyone.
4	We ordered 2 of my favorite dishes, panang curry with beef and the tom kra gai (coconut milk soup with chicken). They were both very good, I would go back again. We ordered medium and it was not as spicy as I like it so next time I might go with hot. The rice bowl was very small and we had to ask for for, but no big deal.The restaurant itself is nice and clean and can't wait to try other menu items!
4	Strange service, but the red curry is to die for!
2	A couple of reasons for my two stars. Mind you i am from NYC and also lived in Los Angeles for 5 years, both cities with the best Thai food ever.I had the Chicken Satay (DRY AS A BONE) it was cardboard on a stick.Shrimp Pad Thai- the noodles were soggy/overcooked. Sauce was watery and too sweet for pad Thai.Roast Duck with Tamarind sauce (special when I was there): it was a duck breast sliced on top of veggies and a watery Tamarind sauce. The duck had all of 3 slices that were edible. The rest of it- too much of it- was nasty, dry, and barely any meat. It was strips of dried out skin with bone fragments. Not worth $12!!The Thai iced tea was ok. Service: the waitress was a young girl from England who was very sweet. But after all my food was brought out at once, no one came over to my table AT ALL to ask about how everything was or ask if I wanted anything else. In fact, since my friends were busy I went alone. I ordered what I wanted to try and knew I would have tons left over. The second waitress that brought out the food said "oh, do you need help!!???" (Eating all of it). I found that to be very rude.After the second waitress brought me the check, I asked the name of the young girl who took my order. Apparently she thought my pronunciation of her name was funny, because she went over to the corner of the dining room where their family and friends were hanging out and I heard her repeat the girls name as I pronounced it and they all burst out laughing and looked at me.No one thanked me or said goodbye as I walked out the door and they all clearly saw me leaving as I was the only customer in there at the time. I will not be returning after such poor service and dried out, amateur Thai food.
5	My brother in law is from Thailand, & I hadn't found anything that compared to his cooking until I found a restaurant on 75th & McDowell, but they closed down. Until my husband suggested we try Sala Thai he always passed by. So we decided to give it a try. He had the Yellow Curry, & I had the BBQ Chicken and beef fried rice. He is a really picky eater when it comes to food he's already had and liked before. After our meal he said "That was BOMB right amount of spicy and sweet" I really enjoyed my meal next time I won't order the fried rice but only the BBQ just because it was a lot of food for just me. We will defiantly be going there again! OHH try their THAI TEA!
3	They did have the best Chicken Fried Rice ever eaten, but now everytime I go back, its made differently.  Not as pleased as once before.  I wish they would just keep the old recipe.  I have never had Fried Rice with cooked tomatoes in it either...that was a first...
4	The food was awesome..the service, not so much. I love Pad Thai & the pad Thai here was the best I have ever had!! There is only one server here & she doesn't even check on the customers. I had to repeatedly raise my hand to get her attention & she never came so I got up to go and get the take out containers that I needed, I'll return for the food, but I would have to put up with the bad service.
3	Sala Thai is a solid choice for Thai food in the west valley where we don't have all that many options. I have only ever ordered take out so I can't comment on the service, but the food is basically always good. We usually get the beef satay (good, a bit dry, but awesome peanut sauce), yellow curry medium heat (which is still fairly mild, but a family favorite) and pad Thai. The pad Thai is good, though I will agree with some of the other reviewers that occasionally the noodles are overdone. For those that find it too sweet I suggest requesting a heat level, as they are typically able to accommodate. The one thing we have ordered that basically got tossed in the trash was the pineapple fried rice. It sounded so good but had a strange, kind of spoiled flavor to it. Also I would not recommend dining in if you are sensitive to smells. It seems they have a problem with their sewage and it tends to smell a bit septic in their dining room. But they have an A food grade, so we don't let it scare us from ordering takeout! If you're way out in the west valley, Sala Thai is a solid (If not your only) choice for Thai food!
2	I gave this place a couple of chances, because the Chinese restaurant which used to be in this location was quite good and I felt some nostalgia in coming here  (I know:  makes no sense; but then again, I rarely do).This is a SAD excuse for a Thai restaurant.  Here are some of my "issues":1.  Dry chicken and pork dishes;2.  Inattentive or incorrect service from both the "family" staff and part-time students, who come and go about as often as you change your underwear (I hope);3. Staff spends more time taking phone-in orders and dealing with walk-in take out orders than they do with customers eating here.  Though they DO take the time outto sing old, unliked songs from the 70s and 80s up on their karaoke stage with the volume turned up extra high to distract you from the crappy food;4.  Cleanliness at the tables is subpar;5.  More than once, the bill has been "inadvertently" miscalculated (and one time, had things on it they never brought to the table).It doesn't help to complain as management makes clear in half-hearted apologies and mumbling, that it's your fault, white Devil, for not appreciating Asian culture and unreasonably expecting good service.Spare your taste buds, your wallet and your ears (especially) and go to the other good Thai places in the West Valley.  Buddha will thank you for it
3	I have been to Thailand and eaten at many Thai restaurants across the US. This Thai restaurant had the BEST peanut sauce I have ever tasted. It was served with a salad that I got there. Which the salad had the most items on it, that I have ever received on a salad from a Thai restaurant: cucumber, carrot, iceberg lettuce, and bell pepper. I also ordered to go, their Drunken Noodle (Pad Kee Mow) as a vegetarian dish with no tofu. I asked for broccoli and vegetables only. They gave me what I asked for. This was just OK. It had no flavorful sauce dripping from it and it was basically just flavored noodles, that were still almost the same color they are, before you make the dish. I usually have them served a brown color at other Thai restaurants.  I asked for a medium spice, and it was medium spicy. I went to this place because we were driving out of town toward California and I needed a place that was close to interstate 10 freeway, leaving phoenix. So, if I was leaving town again, I would make the effort to eat downtown at a Thai restaurant there, Thai Basil or My Mom's Thai, instead of this.  But, I am sure at the Sala Thai, something dipped in that peanut sauce would be good.  Also, I would have to try more to see if all the other dishes, so that is why I gave them a 3 star.  I can not fairly judge unless I have had at least 3 separate dishes.I took a picture so you could see the Pad Kee Mow and the color of the noodles.  I did not finish the dish.  I left what you see in the picture. My advice to the restaurant, is to go to Thailand and get some recipe dishes and bring them back. I think your current Pad Kee Mow (Drunken Noodle) is watered down. Most authentic thai places in the US, have deep, thick tastes in their food. The more watered down they are, the less likely they are authentic or good.  Your service was good for to-go and you have GREAT peanut sauce.
5	Amazing! So my boyfriend and I found this gem one Sunday afternoon and always crave the food all the time ever sense. We don't get to come often, seeing as though we live far, but it's worth the drive! The beef salad is to die for, so flavorful! And I love their sticky rice which is sometimes hard to find when going to try a Thai place. Boba isn't Thai, but their variety of boba choices are endless and so yummy. The servers are very friendly and attentive. I have yet to try dessert but I will next time for sure! Go try Sala for authentic Thai. You can trust me, because I work at a Thai restaurant myself and still go here to eat!
5	Every time someone invites me to have lunch Sala thai is usually the first thing that runs into my mind. I really like their BBQ Chicken, it's always cooked to perfection never too dry. You must try one of their thai teas they're definitely one of the best I've had. The customer service is also very good. I believe the last time I was there the owner must of been there he wad very attentive and friendly. He offered me to try my fried rice with some chili sauces and explained to me all the levels. For instance, he said use just the juice for the least amout of hot, the seeds will at more, and the actual chili will be the hottest.  No one had ever offered trying it that way. So I gave it a try and it added more flavor which of course I would never mind.
4	Finally visited to try it out after having it bookmarked for months. It was our first time having Thai food. The staff was friendly and helpful. We ordered the Larb with chicken, Basil Rice with Beef, Yellow Curry with Chicken, and another chicken dish that I can't remember the name of. All were really good. I really enjoyed the Basil Fried rice. It had unique spices and flavors that I really enjoyed. The yellow curry was predictable- which was just what we wanted. The chicken Larb was a small portion, maybe enough for 2 as an appetizer. The flavors were great and bright and spicy. We will definitely be back to try a few more dishes and get a few of the same again.
1	Although the food was delicious the service here was absolutely terrible. Waited about 10 min to get water. Another 20 min to place our order ( mind you they were nowhere near busy) . Staff only came by once to check and see how we're doing. Again the food was great but that doesn't make up for horrible service and count me out on coming back to this place.
5	Amazing food, the staff was sweet. I wish I lived closer. I loved the soup and the pad Thai, and so did my wife!
3	We went to Sala last night/ We started with the chicken satay. Though, I didn't dislike it at all, I have to say that it didn't taste quite like any other satay I've ever had/ That is to say that it was bland, and didn't seem to have been marinated in the same blend that I am used to. I'm used to satay being kinda yellow, and this just looked like cooked chicken.One thing I noticed about this place is that there are no salt or pepper shakers at the tables. They are available if you ask the server for it, but I don't like having to flag the server down to get salt if the dish needs it. I would rather have it there at my fingertips. Maybe it's just me.The person I was with ordered Pad Thai, a standard Thai dish, good for an introduction to Thai cuisine. She told me that she found it to be quite spicy, which is unusual. Thai food can be very spicy, but pad Thai usually isn't at all.I ordered the red curry with beef. The spice levels here are rated with number 1 to 5 (or 6 if you want Thai spicy). I asked for it to be at a 3. I can handle spice levels being much higher, but I tend to go for middle of the road when it is my first time at a restaurant. I found the dish to be a little tame on the heat side. The 3 felt more like it was on a scale of 15 or 20 than 5 or 6, but I am honestly not the best guage for that as I do like the heat a lot.The service, I thought, wasd very good. I may be back soon.
4	Do you like savory foods? Seriously this place offers some really tasty dishes. So far the yellow curry chicken and spicy egg bomb are the favorites. I prefer to pick up order as the restaurant is a little run down. But everyone is very nice and will happily offer suggestions.
5	Some of the best Thai food I've had. My husband especially liked that he could tell them how spicy he wanted his dish prepared. We'll definitely go back!
5	This place is excellent on every level! Service, environment, cleanliness and most importantly....FOOD! The portions are fair to the pricing and everything has been cooked perfectly!  Last time was yellow curry with shrimp...Delicious! This time was onions and mushrooms in oyster sauce with duck...amazing!! Hubby had the asparagus with beef...he killed it! We also tried the potstickers with pork...handmade, delicate and flavorful with sauce that put them over the top!  If you like Thai food, you must come here!!!  I don't have a single negative thing to say about it!!!
1	Had a horrible experience my very first time eating at this restaurant. To start off, we weren't offered drinks the first time the waitress visited us. I noticed there were no condiments at the table such as salt and pepper shakers, and in order to receive them we had to flag down the waitress and actually get out of the booth just to get soy sauce. I admit the food that I ordered (chicken fried rice) was good but after eating it, I found a light hair in my food. It was actually in my mouth and I had to grossly pull it out. None of us at the table had light hair (we all had black hair or dark hair). I notified the waitress about the hair and and she offered to get me a new plate of the same dish but honestly I was so disgusted that I didn't want the dish. I asked if we could get the dish taken off the bill and at first the waitress said yes, but then the manager came to our table and had the nerve to say that the hair didn't come from their employees, and insinuated that the hair came from us. I told her that I wasn't going to pay for something that had a long hair in the food. She still refused to take the meal off the tab (which by the way was only $9)  and instead offered us a promotional punch card that would've required us to dine in five times before receiving a $20 gift card of some sort. But I had no intention of coming back to dine there and told her that. She then said that there was nothing else she could do, and wouldn't be giving me back the money that I had paid for the plate with the hair in it. She then said that it was the owner who refused to comp the meal. I had asked to speak to him but apparently it was over the phone, and he wasn't actually in the restaurant. After going back and forth she then unwillingly took 20% off the bill. I was still unsatisfied with this offer but finally decided to take it because I knew it wasn't going to go anywhere and was fed up with arguing over a silly matter that could have been handled very easily. We then asked for the check to be split as we gave them the money and it took over 10 minutes before we even received our money back. And on top of that, I was supposed to receive $11.60 back as my change and instead only got back $10. I work in the restaurant industry as well as a server, and always try to be a pleasant customer, but I do know that when a customer is upset with something you're supposed to accommodate their needs.  Needless to say I will never come back to this restaurant. Service was horrible and the way they handle situations is very unprofessional.
4	Sala Thai has a really good lunch menu for $8.99 which comes with your entree, salad, egg roll and tom yum soup! They have a variety of options to choose from the entree list which ranges from different noodle dishes to fried rice or even curry. The salad (very small portion) comes with a peanut sauce which is ok. If you have never had it before it has a sweet peanut taste. For entrees my family ordered: pad thai, pad sai ew, yellow curry and panang curry. Overall we were all satisfied with our orders. The pad saw ew (thick noodles) were my favorite.The pad thai was good too and it has a strong peanut flavoring! The 2 curries were really good and they both have a strong coconut taste to it! If you like coconut flavor then I would recommend you to order the panang curry because the taste was stronger! We ordered all the dishes on a level 3 spicy which was just right for us!The reason why I am only giving it 4 stars out of 5 is because their thai tea was not up to par. I felt that they did not have enough of the tea flavor in it! However the food was excellent! So if you guys are ever in the area, I would definitely recommend this restaurant!
5	Hands down best Thai food in the west valley! The food is the absolute best when you dine in on the weekends.  Be sure to try the drunken noodles or spicy string beans!!
4	Good thai food. Once of the better within the area. The thai tea is extremely over sweetened though and I always water it down in half. Everything so far has been good.
5	I brought my non adventurous family here and they all loved it. They took extra time to answer menu questions and explain the heat levels and variations. Note, they give you spicy when you ask for it!  Also I love that they have blended drinks and lunch specials.
4	I grew up in los Angeles, there are many Thai restaurants there, living in phoenix I've been able to find a few good eats, but Sala Thai is one of the best for Thai food.Best coconut milk soup in the valley by far. Tried a few Thai restaurants in the phoenix area, this one has the best flavor. Chicken satay with peanut sauce is great here too. Beverages..you can't have a meal here without trying the Thai tea, its delicious.I would have given them five stars but I have yet to try their pad thai..
5	They just came out with a new vegan menu along with the regular menu and it was amazing! We tried the spicy noodles and the jungle noodles and they were both perfect! I've always loved going to this place, and with the new vegan menu and so many options, I'm excited to come back and try everything!
4	Love all their food, it is delicious, havent gotten something that I havent enjoyed.  Love their Thai Ice Tea as well.  The only drawback is the service is TERRIBLE.  But, since the Thai is tasty and I just expect poor service, I still go.
5	Extensive menu, good service, wonderful flavors... Great place for Thai food in the West Valley.
1	Used to love this place. Switched owners and now the service is terrible and they no longer carry duck. Really sad because I used to come here at least every other week with all my girlfriends. Very disappointed. Won't be eating here again.
