5	Azteca has the most giant plates I've ever seen. They are the size of semi truck tires. It's spectacular.In addition to piling on the food like they're feeding wild animals, it's good quality stuff. There are tons of vegetarian options, and the margaritas are big and cold and sweet and salty...yum!I've been to Azteca several times, but I'm always surprised by the little sopapillas they bring at the end as a complimentary dessert. Isn't that a wonderful little customer service bonus? You get used to the free nachos at Mexican spots, but the free dessert pushes Azteca over the line from a 4 star to a 5 star for me.The latest time I went there, I was with a group of about 15 people. We didn't have a reservation, but the staff set us up in the middle of the restaurant with a huge table, and they weren't even grumpy about having to split all our checks. The food is fresh and good, and the staff is friendly and accommodating. It's probably my favorite Mexican restaurant in Charlotte, and you can always count on bringing home leftovers for lunch the next day!
5	This is my absolute favorite Mexican restaurant! When I first moved to Charlotte, I used to work in an office building behind Azteca. My coworkers used to go there faithfully. I wasn't a fan of mexican food, or at least I thought so at the time. One day I decided to join them and I realized what it was that kept them going back.They welcome you with a warm smile each visit. As soon as you sit down, someone is right there to take your drink order. The salsa and chips are delicious! I try not to eat alot so I'll have room for my meal. They give you a hefty portion, I can always count on having leftovers to enjoy later. Even as leftovers, the food is still GOOD. To top it off, the dessert you're given is to die for!
4	Azteca is rad for a number of reasons: huge portions (come here for lunch, they have 4-5$ specials!), super-sweet waitstaff, and great decor. There's a smoking lounge here that's a mix of villa and sports bar, with high-backed booths and hanging fake foliage. Classic.Veggie fajitas are awesome, but odd- stir-fried with a teriyaki-style sauce, the flavors aren't super-authentic. The same can be said of most of the menu, although admittedly, I'm missing a lot of it, being vegetarian. But for comfy, ameri-mexican, this place is tops. When they seat you, make sure to ask for the tomatillo sauce-- it's tasty and authentic, and if you're feeling the need to nosh on an over-sized bowl of pickled jalapenos with your meal, it will only run you a dollar for the side.
3	Its ok. Nothing to write home about. Kind of cheezy touristy decor but some of the other reviewers seemed to like it. Struck me as kind of a Applebees over decoration in mexican theme.
5	This is by far the best Mexican restaurant in the Charlotte Area. Have been many times and always a good experience. The food and staff are always great. You must get the Guacamole made fresh at your table. Love it.
4	I didn't think I could find a decent restaurant in the area but this was a nice surprise. The service is friendly and pretty quick. I had the guacamole and mojitos, which were both very tasty. Then shared a fajita plate. This is definitely one of those places where you should share a plate, they are ridiculously big.Ohh ask for "pico de gallo" when you get your chips. It's a small plate with cabbage and salsa, pretty good.
5	Best Mexican restaurant in my opinion in Charlotte. Guacumole is phenomenal!
5	This is by far the best Mexican restaurant in the Charlotte Area. Have been many times and always a good experience. The food and staff are always great. You must get the Guacamole made fresh at your table. Love it.
4	Great lunch specials, fast and courteous service, great food!
4	According to this reviewer, this is the best Mexican food in Matthews.  Each meal comes with a complimentary basket of chips and salsa, and the portions are very generous and generally delicious.  I highly recommend the Arroz con Pollo.  Service is prompt and polite, and the interior is clean and charming in a constructed-before-we-were-concerned-about-stereotypes sort of way.If you are in Matthews, this is a much better bet than Monterrey or that sketchy place downtown.
5	If you are one of those people who say the guac ( and not the guacamole) at Cantina is so delicious... you either 1) have not been to Azteca or 2) are too drunk from the margarita to notice that it's bland.Azteca is the place to go for Mexican because it is authentic and has more to choose from than just tacos and buritos (although it does have them).  When you sit down the server automatically brings you a basket of hot freshly made chips, salsa and awesome pica de gallo.  You should also order the guacamole that is prepared table side.  They cut the avacado right there in front of you and add the ingredients (e.g. onion, cilantro, lime jalapenos, salt, pepper, etc.) based on your taste (more spicy please).  Not like other restaurants who claim they make the guac in front of you but bring out already cut avacado and pre-measured ingredients and spices. Azteca has a huge menu and everything I've ever ordered have been delicous.  And I've had quite a few things such as queso, guacamole, carne asada, pork carnitas, steak fajitas, seafood soup, fried snapper, puerto vallarta and other dishes.  When you order your food they give you the option of flour or fresh made corn tortillas.  Definitely get the fresh corn tortillas or ask for it if they don't tell you about it.  They also give you complimentary sopapillas drizzle with honey and strawberry sauce top with whipped cream.  Every time I eat there I feel like they have to wheel me out because they give you so much food but I still look forward to and save room for the sopapillas.Also I don't think I've mentioned how wonderful their service is.  My boyfriend drinks a lot of sweet tea and they never leave his cup empty.  All the servers are super nice and accommodating.   We go there so often that the people there know we like to sit in the outdoor section (when weather permits of course).  This southern girl can't handle the cold too well.OOHHH. I forgot to mention, their margaritas are delicious.  They also have margarita specials Mon - Thurs.  Definitely try one.  It's a great place to have dinner with your significant other or a large group of friends.  The mariachi band also add a fun element to your dining experience.  The band is at the Woodlawn location on Friday nights and at the Independence location on Sunday nights.  Ask them to play something crazy and look forward to a good time!!!
3	2nd Time here, first was great food and drinks, 2nd time I wasn't as impressed, although my parents swear by the camerones Mexicano, which in my opinion was bland and an eye sore. The staff seemed unorganized and a bit lazy. The dishes aren't as well put together as they should be. The steak on the fajitas was a little tough.
4	Hubby and I decided to go for Mexican and stopped in for a bite tonight. We pulled up and it looked like there was going to be a long wait for a Friday night. The hostess got us seated in less then 10min which was FAB! We decided to get the chips and queso to snack on while waiting for our food to arrive. I ordered the mango margarita which comes in a huge glass, so be prepared to come thirsty. While we waited for our food I noticed they had carts going around making table side guacamole. How cool is that? -Wish I had read T.T.'s post before going. Food: My husband ordered one of the large specials... The plate was HUGE! I still have no idea how he ate the entire meal. I got a smaller plate the chicken chimichanga, very tasty, not the best I've ever had but definitely very good and authentic. Service: The waiter we had was fast and always seemed to be right there just when we needed something. He was very attentive. My husband is a tea guzzler and his glass was never empty. I do have to say that this is a very family friendly restaurant. Be prepared to see kids and people of all ages dining. I would suggest if you have a choice between Azteca and Montery I would definitely go with Azteca, hands down! Great people, great food, great ambiance!
3	Decent Mexican food.  Actually not all that exciting.  The burrito chicken is a little rough, though the other parts of the burrito/meal (cheese/wrap/guac/beans/rice) helped make up for that.Also they gave out chips and salsa at the beginning and a cinnamon chip at the end, so that was nice.All in all, ok.
4	In another life, I used to visit the Azteca on Woodlawn at lunch with some regularity, and I have to say that I did not care for it all that much.  I have to say that this location is actually much superior, and I really cannot put my finger on just why that is, though I do have some ideas.For one, the building is so much larger.  Housed in the former McGuffey's (that should take some of you way back), it is not the cramped little space off of Woodlawn, and that alone makes a huge difference.  Add to that a better service vibe and the quick seating provided by the larger space and you are already off and running.Recently they have added a funky little patio out back, which unfortunately means you are looking at Independence Boulevard, but still a cool space, and you have a winning combination.  Throw in some excellent food, and your standard chips and salsa - though unfortunately they currently do not offer their super-chunky-pico unless you ask for it, and you may actually be charged (apparently due to tomato shortages).Definitely a worthwhile stop, and you are likely to be hit lightly in the wallet, and have leftovers for the next day to boot!
5	This is about as authentic as you can get north of the border.Most all their staff is Latino.They will mix up fresh quacomole at your table side, Armando barely spoke english.They have excellent lunch specials for less than $5.Grande portions and sabroso mex!
4	This was a really good experience. Despite the fact that it kinda smelled like cigarettes, we (me, gf, kids) had a nice lunch. The prices are insanely cheap for what you get. The kids meals, bean burritos with beans and rice, were only four bucks, and they couldn't finish them. The adults got avocado tostada and veggie burrito. She couldn't finish hers. I finished the burrito but I never give up (when it comes to eating).If this place weren't three states away I bet it would be a regular spot for dinner. Next time I'm in East Suburban Charlotte I'll probably come back.
5	It is my preferred Mexican place when I want good Mexican food!  Have been going for close to the 11 years that I have lived in Charlotte!  The best Mexican food that I have had outside of Mexico
5	I give this a 5 star for a Mexican restaurant that you don't have to speak Spanish in order to eat here. Being part Latino, I'm used to a little more traditional style of cooking and  Azteca does not disappoint. As far as the Guacamole, let me just say that my boyfriend will not touch the stuff at other places or at home but LOVED Azteca's. I have to admit, it was better than my mothers, and that says a lot. It is pricey for Guacamole but well worth it. If all you eat here is this then you're far ahead of other Mexican restaurants. I usually eat Arroz con Pollo or Carnitas which are always great. On my most recent visit I had the Carne Asada. IT WAS HEAVEN! The carne was juicy and very flavorful and the mixed grilled vegetables were a nice surprise compared to what other places give you. The ambiance is great and I don't think they have a single unattractive waitress there. The bar is a good place to start as it's in the center of the back part of the restaurant and they make a frozen margarita that is Muy Deliciouso!!! Only gripe.......it's not close enough to my house!
3	Yesterday for lunch my friend really wanted to eat here, so in an act of almost unfathomable generosity I said OK!  I know I'm selfish!!!The Wait staff seemed like they did not want to be there, though that has no effect on my review!  The seats were very soft and comfortable, though that will not effect the outcome of my rating it is nice to be physically comfortable.The food:  Chips, plain, little or no salt, 3 stars!  Salsa, good flavor (better than many), too watered down 3.5 stars.  Steak Fajitas good flavor, better than some, 3.5 stars.  Flour Tortillas 4 stars.  The Pico was better than most 4 stars.   Vegetables, good quality 3.65 stars.  My overall rating of this place is compared to similar Mexican Restaurants.I can NOT say that I am a fan (so I do not give them four stars) they get 3.25 for me = A -OK!  Though I would not chose to return here  would come back if I really wanted to join my group of friends who chose to.  Many places I would not, so that says something good about this place!
5	Azteca is a fun Mexican restaurant with great people and even better food!  The interior is decorated with bright colors, Aztec patterns and designs, and the servers wear over-the-top uniforms modeled after traditional Mexican formal wear - it feels like Cinco de Mayo everyday (and gets even better ON Cinco de Mayo!).  On weekends, a table-to-table cart makes fresh guacamole, which is incredible, and a lady makes all tortillas by hand as they're ordered.  The portions are heaping, the prices low, and the margaritas are big enough to swim in.  From what I know about REAL Mexican cuisine, the mole sauce is pretty authentic and the cactus salad is very fresh and bright.  Great time to visit is Sunday, when they have a live mariachi band that makes sure to serenade each table and takes requests.In my humble opinion, there isn't a better Mexican restaurant in the South Charlotte area!
5	I'm almost afraid to give them a good review because I don't want everyone to crowd the place.For a coworker and I, this is a weekly lunch stop.  We love the lunch specials.  For the price, quality, and quantity they can't be beat.
1	I ordered a fajita quesadilla and why I got was a fajita burrito swimming in a pool of fluid which caused the bottom to be mushy and pasty...quite gross!  Don't think I'll be back!!!
2	Best of Charlotte please! I just came back from the dullest, blandest, most tasteless Mexican dinner ever!! I only gave it 2 stars because of the waiter, the food wasn't worth even that. I knew that I was in for a bad time when I saw so many happy old "gringos" leaving the place. That was  a sure sign that the food is closer to Howard Johnson than to Mexico. Sad but true, sorry. Authentic? The place is just like the set for an old Zorro TV movie and it's all downhill from there.For starters the salsa was so watery that I finished the bowl before I even noticed. I never order nachos before but since they were loaded and topped with Jalapenos I went for it. Pickled jalapenos that is - as hot as kosher pickles. The waiter was embarrassed and rushed some sauteed jalapenos over to us. Still mild but at least they were real. I ordered a combo, I always do on a first visit  in Mexican restaurants. All three items, Taco, Enchilada and Chile relleno were stuffed with the same totally tasteless ground beef. No spices of any sort, the stuffing reminded me of a can of Spam. Honestly, anywhere closer to the border this place would have been laughed out of town. Martin Mull might approve but unless one was raised on sliced Wonder bread and mayo I'd pass.
4	I have previously mentioned my love for Mexican food so I have been to this restaurant more times then I care to share but I am just now getting around to writing about it!In MY opinion, this is the best Mexican restaurant I have been to in terms of authenticity.  I know there are a lot of trendy mexican-fusion type joints but this is just your old fashioned get your grub on type Mexican.The GOOD:  The salsa is very good...fresh ingredients give it a little bit of chunk and the flavor is perfect.  It is a little runny but I don't like salsa that has been thickened by paste or because it was pureed.  I would rather the flavor with chunks of onion and pieces of cilantro--and that is what this place offers.  The BAD--They serve the salsa in a very small dish and they have a disclaimer on the menu that indicates only the first two rounds of chips and salsa are free.  I mean, what?  I understand we are in a tough economic situation but you can't be a mexican restaurant and charge for chips and salsa.  We have managed to avoid that extra charge so far.  We usually just ask a different person for more salsa every time...I know, a little dishonest, but I can't help it!  I expect a charge when you go to some random place and happen to order chips and salsa as your appetizer (like Chili's or something) but any standard, hole-in-the-wall Mexican place should NOT do such a thing.THE EXCELLENT:  Their fresh, tableside guacamole!  WOW!  I had no idea avocados could have so much flavor.  It was fantastic.  The flavors were bold and boasted of fresh cilantro, onion, and lime!  It was such a perfect combination of flavors.  I have had it with the jalapenos and without...either way was incredible!  I typically get the veggie fajitas and that is another reason why I love this place.  TYPICALLY, if I order veggie fajitas I end up with onions and peppers marinated in salt.  Azteca sends out grilled onions, peppers, tomatoes, squash, broccoli and mushrooms.  They are not weighted down with sodium and dripping in a fajita sauce....they are grilled and fresh.  It really is perfectly done!The beans and rice and pretty basic--nothing to speak about.  The flour tortillas are great and their pico de gallo is fresh and flavorful.One other downfall is that they don't give you the option for black beans on the side.  But, what I found out is that black beans are not as authentic in terms of Mexican food.  Muy interesante!It is definitely worth checking them out...even if it is just for their guacamole.  You may want to bring your own jar of salsa though....just kidding
4	I was in the mood for some cheesy deliciousness when my significant other suggested Azteca. We started with some salsa where I was schooled in the proper way to spoon it on your tortilla chip. I found the salsa just ok- I like mine a little more chunky and less watery. We also ordered a side of guacamole which  unbeknownst to me was served table-side. My only real gripe came from the table-side service. While it tasted good, the "chef" loomed over us for quite awhile afterward in obvious attempt to garner a tip ( there was a huge tip jar tapped over the side so that it practically touched our table and  screamed "tip me!"). My boyfriend gave a few dollars but honestly we are tipping our servers, and paying for the Guac, why don't the table-side chefs just take a portion of the tips? I just found it to be a little tacky honestly. The food itself all tasted delicious. I loved my enchiladas (2nd only to La Paz), and his Arroz con pollo was great too. Drinks were filled fairly regularly and service was fine. The decor and lively birthday celebration singing make this a nice place for the whole family. The prices are beyond reasonable too so it's definitely budget friendly.Best of all the little complimentary dessert, fried tortilla with cinnamon, honey, and whipped cream, was a perfect way to end the evening. I won't hesitate to come back!
4	You don't need to order the Speedy Gonzales to experience extremely speedy service! They are FAST!Food is spectacular. I recommend checking out their "special" menu that has pictures and everything... those aren't your run-of-the-mill items... we tried a dish that had fish, chicken and steak (and I wish I could remember the name of it!) Anyway, my boyfriend and I split it... it was so much food! Absolutely delicious though... more authentic than other menu items. The chips/salsa were plentiful and their fresh-made (in front of you) guacamole is delicious.Love the sopapillas you get before you leave! Great touch!
5	I've been going to Azteca since I was a little chica. My dad would order "Mucho Margartia and Little Rockas." That meant daddy had a rough week. The servers have always been super personable and helpful especially if it's your birthday. They make the most commotion of any restaurant I've been to. Out comes the drums, guitars, triangles, a cow bell, a wooden flute, and this one that sounds like your going up Thunder Road (wooden roller coaster, for you non-Carowindseres).  So much is going on... Can be fairly terrifying at first. And then they bring you food :) My fav, which is not on the menu anymore, are the three steak carnitas with cilantro and onions served on corn tortillas dipped in salsa with a side of frijoles. What great prices too! They now have a fresh salsa/guac cart AND a woman making fresh tortillas. Looks like a pretty hot job, but she is so cool under the pressure. I never finish all of my food, so then!.. I get to reminisce the following day. Deeelightful.
5	Food was priced great! Food and desert were beyond excellent. Even got a private miriachi performance on sunday evening. Highly reccommended!!!
5	I eat lunch here once a week and occasionally twice. Prices can't be beat - particularly the lunch specials - and the quality is always excellent. Great service and excellent value for the money. Azteca's food is always delicious - I don't think I've ever had a bad meal in the 5+ years I've been frequenting the place.
5	I travel a lot and this may be the best Mexican Food in the country.  Anytime I am in Charlotte I make sure to eat here at least once.  Very traditional look and feel to this place.  Staff is very friendly and recognize me even when it has been a year between visits.  Seems like about every 20 minutes you hear them joyuously singing happy birthday to a customer who is wearing a large sombrero and blushing.  Really feels like the people who work here love their jobs and the customers they serve. The Tacos Al Carbon is such a perfect dish, made the right way with skirt steak cooked to perfection and queso fresco cheese crumbles, combined with pico de gallo unlike any other I have had.  All this carefully wrapped in corn tortillas that melt as soon as you get them in your mouth.The chips and salsa are good......... the guacamole that they make at your table fresh is outstanding and it is fun to watch them make it.  They even let you tell them how much jalapeno to put in depending on how hot you like it.  Queso dip is very tastey as well.  Food seems to always be out promptly even when I have brought large groups.  I love everything about Azteca except I wish they had one in AZ.
4	Very nice decorations and ambiance including a fresh tortillas making station.  My husband and I  were there around noon on a Sunday and were seated right away In a nice booth.   Menu was full of wonderful options including lunch options that were available on weekends.  Fresh guacamole was just ok. It was prepared in the usual manner but they had aluminum foil lined in the pestle. That was a nice way to wrap up the leftovers to take home but not sure it allowed all the mixing needed. I had the chicken enchilada from the lunch menu. The chicken was white meat and tasty. The side of rice was typical but the refried beans were very tasty. My husband had the chicken chimichanga and enjoyed it about the same as some other places.   The chips didn't seem to have any salt on them. The queso was very good. Overall it was a good experience with tasty food.
1	Food was not even close to being authentic Mexican.  I have never had mexican topped with cheddar cheese.  We had 3 people in our party and they gave us 1 very small bowl of salsa and when we asked for another one we were told there would be a charge.  Terrible food and service and kinda pricy.  Would not recommend.
2	Great margaritas but food was just ok
1	Worst salsa I have ever tasted. They also would not modify the menu to fit my request. What kind of place doesn't modify a menu for a customer. I will not return!
2	My husband and I have been looking for really good Mexican food since we moved to Charlotte. I came across Azteca when searching on Yelp! And we decided to give it a try. Upon entering, the hostess was nice and very accommodating (we had our one year old asleep in his stroller). The ambience of the restaurant is nice, some murals, a lot of brick and Spanish tile. Once we were seated, our servers took our order and brought out chips and salsa. Both tasted store bought. There was something weird about the flavor of the salsa that I just couldn't handle. It's like they put cotija in the salsa. It gave it a really pungent taste. By pungent I mean that sour tang you taste when you have aged cheese. Don't get me wrong, I like cotija, just not in my salsa. We started with Albondigas. The broth was good, but that was it. The meatballs were so dense. It was obvious that they massaged the meat too hard. We couldn't break them apart without them sloshing in the broth. On top of that, they lacked any flavor. The potatoes and the carrots were raw and so undercooked. The only thing that was cooked correctly was the zucchini. Seriously? They serve raw vegetables in their soup?? I ordered one shredded beef taco and one cheese enchilada. My husband ordered one chicken taco, one beef taco, and one geese enchilada. My son woke up and we ordered him a simple cheese quesadilla. My son's quesadilla came out first. My first reaction was "wtf?" It was a quesadilla with cheese smothered all over the outside. It was everywhere and it was so greasy, it looked like it was sitting in a puddle of orange oil. I pushed it aside. There was no way I was feeding that to my son. My meal came next. It was okay. I think this restaurant uses the wrong cheese and too much of it. My entire plate was yellow. It's like there was a sale on American cheese and the restaurant was trying to use it all up. The beef in the taco was good, the shell tasted and looked store bought. My husband felt the same way about his plate. While they do have big portions, it doesn't make up for the lack of flavor, and in the case of the albondigas, it doesn't make up for the lack of edible food.
3	I have been to Azteca many times and have always been satisfied. This time not so much. I can't put my finger on the reason, but I have to wonder if this time was an exception, or if the place had changed. Before this visit I would have rated Azteca 4, but now it's a generous 3.
5	Absolutely love this place!!! Gluten free friendly!!! Best margaritas in town!!! Must say that this place has the most authentic Mexican Food in the Charlotte, NC region. They have a menu with pictures of the food that you can order if you're not familiar with authentic Mexican cuisine.
4	I have yet to find any amazing Mexican in the Charlotte area, but Azteca was pretty darn good. The atmosphere is really fun and inviting with all of the decor of a Mexican joint. The waitstaff is all dressed like bull riders and a man comes by with a fresh guacamole cart if you want some. The chips and salsa were great and plentiful. We also got the cheese dip which didn't disappoint. The chicken enchilada and shredded beef taco were both very good. The meat was clearly fresh. I was disappointed with the chile relleno. My boyfriend loved his food (we got the same thing). They give you a little free dessert thing at the end which is a nice added touch. The service was amazing and fast!
3	We sat outside since it was a nice night. There was a party of 10 outside that immediately started doing shots. Add that to the fact that 5 of them were smoking and it took away from the experience. Our server did his best but was a bit overwhelmed from the large party. And was asked to take photos by 3 different tables. Tacky on the patrons part. He was clearly struggling as it was. The food was good, even though one of our orders was wrong. We chalked it up and took it. It was close. Fajita chimmichonga instead of just chicken. Still was good. Would definitely go back.
3	Visited Azteca for a birthday celebration on Cinco De Mayo which means it was super packed and busy.  We waited almost an hour for our table.  The service was really not that great.  We had to ask for things multiple times and gave up after they never gave us hot sauce.  On the flip side, the food is cheap, with many entrees less than $10 that will more than stuff any person, so that really cancels out the bad service.  All in all, it was OK.  I've been to the one on Woodlawn and had a much better service experience, but maybe it was different because it was on Cinco De Mayo.You can get a "free t-shirt" with a margarita, but the margarita is $11 which is more than most entrees, so it's really not that great of a deal, but still fun.
5	This is my favorite Mexican restaurant, and in my opinion the best one in Matthews and maybe even Charlotte. It has great food and never once has anyone I know been disappointed here. It's service is good and quick. The food is great and seems to be always fresh. Definitely recommended.
5	Working in Charlotte for a month. Stayed very close to Azteca and we couldn't stay away from this place it was good the 4 times we visited! I have been to a good 25+ mexican restaurants back at home in NYC and plenty in Texas, this by far the best I've had. Would definitely recommend, come hungry they have combo diners that are huge plates. Will need to be rolled out when your done eating lol. A+
5	We loved it!!! Yummo :) Love the men serenading each table and the table side guacamole!!! Dessert was to die for! We will be going back!
1	Brought some out of town friends here last night. Got to the restaurant around 7:10 or 7:20.  Waiter was so in-attentive it was embarrassing. It took forever to get water, then drinks, then refills. Most Mexican places serve your food so quickly you barely have a chance to enjoy a basket of chips. We went through 4 baskets and waited an hour for our food, keep in mind I took forever to get chip refills. I like to think I have appropriate expectations for food quality and service on a $10 meal but this was terrible. This was our 2nd time here and we won't go back!  Waiter was very rude and unaccommodating.
5	Looked on Yelp before choosing the place for dinner -- and we're delighted that we did.  I can't imagine a more perfect Tex-Mex dining experience.  We had no reservations and walked in 7p on Thursday evening.  The Hostess welcomed us, asked how many.  When we indicated two, we were instantly whisked away to a two-top in the bar area.  Cozy and nice.  Less than a minute after we were seated, our server appeared to take our drink and appetizer order.  A minute after that the guacamole cart came by.  If you like, they make it at your table; pretty impressive.  We declined and a minute later the (generously sized) frozen strawberry Margaritas arrived.  We gave him our order for cheese dip.  A minute later it arrived and was a very generous-sized bowl of white queso w/jalapenos.  We gave him our dinner order and asked him to please wait a few minutes before entering it!  The queso and salsa and chips were all excellent.  My best first measure of a TexMex restaurant: chips warm and fresh.Five minutes later I caught his eye and gave him the thumbs-up to enter our dinner order.  Gael had the quesadilla appetizer (huge) and I had my standard two beef enchiladas.  Honestly, five minutes later we were eating.  Both our meals (and the Margaritas) were excellent.I've never experienced quicker service or friendlier staff than here at Azteca in Matthews NC.I asked to see the manager and passed on our compliments.  We always do that when the experience is exceptional.When in the Charlotte area, we'll enthusiastically come here again!
5	There are lots of restaurants to choose from in this vicinity, and I wanted to go out on a limb and try a totally new eatery.  My husband, though, preferred to walk across the parking lot from the hotel (after he swore that I could choose--but I digress).  Well, after a sangria and Pork Carnitas, I am so glad we went to Azteca.  The dinner portion is far too big, so I neglected the rice and beans to devour the extremely tender and flavorful pork in a warmed corn tortilla topped with pickled onions.  My husband had a bean burrito meal, I think.  Who knows?  I was busy with my delicacy.  He also drank tea and the bill came to $32.  It was delicioso!
3	Great place for dinner. The food is absolutely some of the best Mexican food I have had. The service, unfortunately, was terrible. My appetizer didn't come out until after I received my entree. My drink stayed empty more than it was filled for most of my meal. My server passed my table four or five times and then stood around with his hands in his pocket and I am staring like when are you going to fill my drink. If the server staff was as good as my meal this would definitely be a five star experience.
4	Our group of 8 ladies really enjoyed dinner on August 19th at 6:00pm. I ordered the Chimmichanga with shredded beef, came with re-fried beans with cheese and rice. It was steaming hot & very good. All  our dinners were served within 10 minutes which I thought was great with all the various orders. Our waiter was most pleasant despite a few confused "seniors' in our group! It was my 1st time here and at the end of dinner, he brought 2 small plates with sophapias with strawberry glaze and a dollop of whipped cream that was delicious. Great little extra to top the dinner off. I will return!
4	been coming here for many years ... since they opened in what used ti house Mcguffy's, if that tells you anything.  Anyway, it's our go-to Mexican place.  The food is always good, and the service acceptable ( has actually improved in recent months as they've hired more people).  Take a look around ... lots of Hispanic people eat here.  That's got to say something.
1	$12 for four steak tacos that are not even that great. $20+ for a combo plate where the meat inside the taquitos are cold. Sides of barely there rice and beans. Homemade tortillas that taste like fabric softener. This is sub-par Mexican food that leaves much to be desired. This was the most stressful dining experience I've ever had and I left with my stomach in knots. Nice for the manager to apologize to us and discount our bill $2. Yeah. $2.I cannot understand how this place is highly rated. This is not good, nor truly authentic Mexican food. What is up with Carolinians?!PS- this is the second time we dine here. First time food was bad. We considered it a fluke...I mean with all these high ratings. Well 2nd time proved this place is not all it's "rated" up to be. Our search continues...
5	I love this place. Food comes out fresh and hot. I also appreciate that most foods are not over salted. The portions are big. The tortilla soup is great but it's a bit salty for me so I have to water it down a bit. When I get home, I add some rice and more water and I can get another two servings out of it. :) I also love the live mariachi band on the weekends. My kids have a ball there.
1	I should say you should check with the health dept before you eat here
5	Frozen margaritas and tres leches cake for us tonight. "best tres leches on this side of the boarder" they say and I agree.
4	Tried Azteca for the first time Friday. Certainly an authentic Mexican feel. The staff was friendly, as we were seated right after a five minute wait. I ordered the camerones del mojo y ajo (shrimp with garlic and lime/lemon). I've had it at different restaurants and this was NOTHING like it. Be prepared that the onions are large pieces that come on a bed of lettuce. Only halfway through my meal did I realize there was rice underneath. They leave the shrimp in the shell, which is a pet peeve of mine, as it makes eating a chore. However, the taste of the shrimp was good and strongly garlic flavored. My date had shrimp and fish with some kind of nuts that he enjoyed. We also had guacamole, which was not good. It lacked lime and salt (date enjoyed it though). Overall, I would recommend Azteca. Just be careful about what you order, as it may not be what you expect. I'm probably overrating this place because the service was good and my date liked it more than me.
