3	Even though the night I went to Relish it was 108 degrees of miserableness, I still mustered up an appetite for some fried pickles! Yes, I said it, fired pickles.  Now I would be lying if I said what came out of the kitchen was what I had fantasized about prior to my visit.  I pictured some big, stiff, juicy fried master piece.  What was placed in front of me was somewhat disappointing.  It was a quarter of my vision and whats worse is it was soggy.  If I'm going to eat something fried, especially a pickle no less, I want crunch dammit! But I still give Relish 3 stars based on the burgers (I had the veggie, very tasty!) and the service.  Everyone else at the table seemed overall pleased as well.  The black and bleu burger looked good, maybe next time, I'll skip the pickles and go for the beef!One more tip before you go, check their hours.  The waitress said they were somewhat funky.
4	Good place, but overpriced!  A coworker and I enjoyed burgers and tots for $16 each...at least it was really good!  The atmosphere needs work...they haven't done anything to it since it was the old restaurant.
3	This place gets a solid 3 to 3.5 stars.  The food was good and warranted a 4, but the prices will make you do a double take.  Most of the burgers are $16 a pop.  I guess what can you expect from a high end resort restaurant.  The best thing to do is to take advantage of their happy hour specials that run daily from 3 pm to 7 pm.They have specials like $5 margaritas, $3 Mexican beers and they put out awesome crab cake sliders and BBQ chicken nachos.  I'd highly recommend coming out to try out the happy hour specials if you have a hunger craving in the late afternoon.
5	Sometimes you just want a good burger and fantastic service.  Is that so much to ask?!  Burger a little pricey, but so perfectly cooked.The service was so friendly, attentive and helpful.  It was my first time in the tempe/pheonix/scottsdale area and my server Jasmine was incredibly helpful in giving me ideas on what to do.Brian the manager was fantastic in making sure we were well taken care of and everything was spot on.  And their happy hour is fantastic!  Home run, and great first meal in AZ.
5	I loved this casual dining experience at the gorgeous Phoenician.  I stopped in for happy hour with some friends, and we had a great time.  We sat in front of the fireplace and sipped beers over appetizers.  The location alone is worth going for, but the food was good and service was even better.
3	Great spot for happy hour!  Every day from 3:30-6 pm, you get free chips & salsa, discounted brewskis, and great food specials.  We got the Kobe beef sliders at $3 a pop, and the BBQ chicken quesadilla for $5.  The food was pretty good, and the happy hour prices made it worthwhile.  Maybe I'm cheap but at full price I would feel ripped off eating here.If you are staying at the Phoenician and looking for a spot for a casual meal, this is absolutely your best bet.
2	We were a bit disappointed by Relish.I'll overlook the fact that it looks like a gentleman's club from the 60s and has never been updated. And I'll try to forgive the ridiculously slow service where there were maybe 5 tables and just one waitress who serviced only one table at a time. Or the fact that we had to ask for drink refills... repeatedly...No, it was the lukewarm, overcooked burger with disappointing toppings that really did us in. I had cold, flavorless bacon. Non existent cheese. My husband raved about the mushrooms on his burger but stated they must've forgotten to season the meat. It really was disappointing for a place that specializes in burgers.We capped off the meal with an adult milkshake. Yes, incredibly overpriced, but sooooooooooo good. Made me almost forget the crappy burger. *Almost*.
4	Some friends are having their wedding at the Phoenician.  They are thinking about having one of their "wedding weekend" festivities at Relish so my wife and I joined them there for dinner to try it out.The inside/outside of the place probably hasn't changed much since it was a simple "19th hole" bar and grill for a decade.  I think they just changed the name to something trendy and updated the menu a bit to appeal to the young/hip folk.  Anyway, the weather was perfect so we sat outside to enjoy the view.  It is just a small balcony with 5-6 tables and not much decor to speak of.  It was nice though.I wasn't expecting it, but this place has about a zillion tequilas as you will see when you first enter the place.  So if that is your thing they definitely have something for you.  Another thing they had which I thought was quite unique was a tequila flight.  You choose a few of them and they give you a shot pour of each.  I ordered a 3 tequila flight and it came in a pretty cool tasting tray thingy which was neat.  Each one was very good and it was a great experience overall.  Tequila isn't totally my thing but I love to drink and learn about new stuff so I had to try it.  Our waitress and the manager  were like tequila sommeliers and knew about every one of their tequilas on the menu and provided great recommendations.The food:* Wedge Salad - this was just ok.  It was just your standard wedge.  Nothing special.  Just eh.  I love love love wedges but not this one.  I think it needed more dressing or something.  I would try another salad next time.* Mushroom Cheese Burger - Excellent!  It was juicy and delicious.  The Kobe was perfectly tender and not overly salty as it sometimes is.* Tater tots = Sooo good.  Enough said.* Adult Milkshakes = Very good and very unique.  The manager guy took his time and crafted a very attractive sampler with 3 milkshakes on it for each of us.  I was especially a fan of the Reese's one but it was very very rich.The best part about this place was the service.  Our waitress, Jasmine and the manager (looks like Ryan Phillippe but I didn't get his name) were both excellent and made our dining experience excellent.  Maybe it was because our friends are getting married there, but I like to think that they are awesome to everyone.Anyway, I hope to return soon.
4	My wife and I ate there Sunday 5/22, our 3rd time there in the past few months.  We arrived ~6PM and sat at a window seat.  The golf course is a lovely view as the sun sets and the shadows lengthen.  The complementary chips and salsa were fine.  The quesadillas were the best I've had in years. The chicken wings were juicy and good, though $12.95 for ten of them seems a bit steep.  The garlic fries were very tasty. We split the Cowboy Burger, a huge slab of burger with lots of toppings, moist and flavorful.  Beware that this item will set you back nearly $20, a fact not well advertised on the menu. Though you pay a little more here than at other places that sell "bar food", we think it is worth it for the wonderful ambience and the overall excellence of the food.
4	I stopped in at the last minute for a light lunch. The server said I could sit wherever I liked. the place was about 1/3 full. I selected a small table in the lounge area and was immediately greeted with a menu and offer to get a drink. I barely had time to open up my scrabble app on my phone before my server was back with a tall cold glass of black tea in a confetti -carnival type of glassware. Looking at the menu I saw all types of Gourmet Burgers with names indicating the toppings. I actually was drawn to the Chicken Caprese Sandwich. It looked and sounded perfect since I wanted something lighter and it came with delicious sweet potato fries! After I ordered it, my server asked if I wanted it "knife & fork" style. Huh? basically the same thing but with out the bun and the chicken on top of the tomato, mozzarella and greens. She also suggested I get the basil pesto dressing on the side. How considerate! She was reading my mind. After a few scrabble words with my unknown random competitor, my lunch arrived. The portion of chick atop the caprese salad seemed like a lot at first with it's perfect grill marks. The salad underneath was fresh and perfectly shrouded the thick round chunk of mozzarella protecting a large wheel tomato. The dressing on the side was powerful and was a perfect little dip now and then. Even my Sweet potato fries which were piled recklessly in a miniature grocery basket at the top of the plate tasted great dipped in the basil pesto dressing. I was good and did not consume all of the fries, but the salad and chicken were history in just a short time. No scrabble could interrupt this delicious and healthy lunch. My iced tea was refilled in a timely manner and I was in and out of there within 40 quick minutes. I can't wait to go back and experience the scallops, flat iron steak, bbq ribs or one of those amazing burgers!
4	Unique and awesome presention.  Burgers are TALL, buns are awesome and the presentation is one of a kind! The fries (sweet potatoe, garlic, etc come in a mini basket that looks like they were just fried up at the hamburger joint! THICK milkshakes if that's what you like and great tequila if that's your preference! (oh - fried pickles!)  Prices, for a resort, not too bad.
5	Best burger in town without a doubt. Flavorful - super beefy, juicy, and delicious! You see a lot of gourmet burger places opening up all over town, but, none of them hold a candle to this place. The prices are on the upper end but, reasonable (e.g. about $16/plate) The grounds are beautiful and great to walk after dinner. Possibly up the the ice cream shop in the main building?? (their strawberry iced cream is home made and beyond delicious!)
4	More like 3.5 stars, but I'm rounding up because the overall property was so nice.Good Food, Good Service, Good View (overlooking the golf course).I had the Chicken Caprese sandwich which was quite tasty, but the burger my mom has was WAY better.  If you go here.... order a burger.  They are big, juicy and super duper good.  It's also super duper messy.  It's a "fork and knife" type of burger. Their bloody mary is pretty good... a little too tomato-y.... needed more seasoning.Mom's John Daly Peach drink was refreshing.  Good for cooling off and relaxing after a round of golf.  :)Tater Tots were served with our sandwiches and they were good... but nothing all that special.  They were crunchy on the outside and soft and hot on the inside... but for this type of establishment.... I would have expectetd Truffle Tots or something different.Their relishes that they offered on the side were 'ok'..... I was not impressed.  They tasted like they were from a bottle.... I'm sure they make their own relish... I'm just saying they didn't taste any different than the ones you get at the store.
4	Hop knot. Pickles. Black bean burger.
4	You have to order their fried pickles for an appetizer. They came out piping HOT and really good. I had the lettuce wedge appetizer which was just the item to start my dinner. I ordered the mushroom burger, my wife had the knife and fork burger and my daughter had the BLT burger. I thought for sure my bun was soaked in the juices from the burger, but behold, it was dry and light. The tater tots was awesome, haven't had them since my kids were little. To finish the meal off, we ordered the S'MORES. What an eye catching sight when they brought out hot charcoal in a square ceramic style pot, flame dancing on the charcoal, marshmallows, graham crackers and Hershey chocolate. We were acting like kids in a candy store making our S'MORES.
5	I came here for a late lunch on a Sunday. I got a lovely outside table with a beautiful view of the golf course. They have a wide selection of beers including some very eclectic brands. I ordered the BBQ pork sliders and the chile verde, both listed as appetizers. Both were excellent. The chile verde had a lovely flavor without needing any fixin'! A balance of sweet, hot, sour, and salty. The BBQ pork sliders were on the sweeter side with a lovely slaw providing tartness and crunch. Just too much to eat for me, as always!
2	I feel bad giving this 2 stars but I'm basing it on other burger joints in the area. I recently Had a fab experience at Zinburger so this is why they are only getting 2 stars. Sat at the bar and ordered the cowboy Burger and adult choc milkshake ($14) pretty pricey and tasted just like a reg choc shake?? The burger bun on the bottom was extremely mushy and was not eaten. Overall I just have had better. All the burgers are $16, luckily we said "happy birthday" which is a deal thru today May 4th 3-6 PM that makes one burger free. Prob wont go back.
1	Lie about Happy Hour prices, won't go back.
5	Seriously the best burgers in town! I wanted to lick my plate clean. Tater tots and onion rings are cooked to perfection.  Ask for Andrew. He is knowledgeable, friendly, tells great stories and makes a great drink!
3	Wayyyy too expensive for what it is. Super extensive and expensive tequila menu, some fun local beers that aren't too pricey, and a burger bar menu. Bartenders were super friendly and the decor is nice.
4	My southwestern burger was too gooey with cheese and green chile and pork rinds(!) but tasted pretty good.  The price is high but portions are ridiculously large.  The space in the golf clubhouse is pretty cool and inviting.  Like the tater tots.
4	Two words: happy hour. It's every day from 3-6 PM and they have some amazing deals! You can get one of their delicious burger sliders for just $3 a slider. You can order their BBQ Chicken Nachos for about $6. Everything is very inexpensive during happy hour and everything is simply sublime! The menu here is pricey when it's not happy hour though, so be prepared to spend $16 on a burger if you miss happy hour! I like the atmosphere at Relish because it has a "man room" feel to it. The furniture is dark and comfortable, the windows overlook the beautiful Phoenician golf course and they have several flat screen TVs and a fire place. It's a great place to sit and relax. Now let's talk more depth about the food. I wish I could eat a million of their burgers! I don't know what they do to them but the burgers are extremely juicy, with this flavorful special sauce and placed on a soft bun. My second favorite dish would be the BBQ Chicken Nachos. The happy hour portion is smaller but still provides a decent amount of food! The BBQ sauce and chicken compliments the cheesy nachos and makes for a hearty dish!
4	I visited Relish as part of my Best Burgers of Phoenix challenge. It came in third place out of 16 restaurants, and is really good. Here's the review.There are some burgers that focus on the best possible meat. There are others that focus on having a great bun, or interesting ingredients. Some places, like Relish, seem to understand how important balance is, and really push to make sure it's a perfect bite. The burger recommended to me was the Cowboy. The "kobe" meat was a nice, juicy medium-rare, and when combined with the crunchy large onion rings, melted cheddar and salty bacon, the first bite was a hit.The lingering peppery jalapenos didn't have much kick, but instead were more like a refreshing pickle. The burger was already good at this point, but adding the homemade tangy steak sauce really sold me. Great bun, high quality meat, tasty toppings and attention to balance of flavor. Top marks for The Cowboy.To check out the other burgers in the review and photos, visit http://forkvsfood.com/best-burger-review/
5	$16 kobe burger worth every penny. The tater-tots are just icing on the cake. Did I mention this place has one of the best tequila selections I have ever seen and a respectable beer selection to boot?
4	Loved the ambiance and the food. They fireplace was warm and inviting and the server was friendly and very attentive! We ordered Kobe sliders, sweet potato fries and the cornbread skillet for appetizers. Tried the Cowboy burger (minus the bacon) and Tater tots for dinner. And of course had to try the warm chocolate  chip  cookie for dessert. Everything  was excellent!
5	Best black bean burger I ever had, and the fried pickles were very interesting.
4	I went to Relish with my family and a few friends (party was 4 adults and 1 20 month old).  When we entered the restaurant the manager asked if we would be joining them for dinner.  I said, "Yes, we have a reservation under Scott at 6:30."  Without looking at the reservations screen, the manager said, "Of course Mr. Pate, we have a table all ready for you on the patio."  I was impressed that my arrival had been anticipated.We were seated at a large round table on the patio with a highchair, kid's activity book, and crayons all set up and ready.  Our server stopped by a few minutes later and took our drink and appetizer orders.  My wife was having trouble finding the kid's menu and the server directed her to it in the back of the kid's activity book.  You can also order anything from the kid's menus at any of the other restaurants on the property if there is nothing on the Relish kid's menu that you like, but they did warn us it would take a little longer since it would need to be delivered across the property.  We put in a cheese burger kid's order right away as well.The appetizers came out quickly.  We ordered the BBQ Chicken Nachos and the Cornbread Skillet for the table.  They were both great.  We actually ended up ordering a second Cornbread Skillet because it was so good.Service throughout the evening was perfect and friendly.  They have lots of great local beers on their menu which our friend enjoyed a Peach Beer from Four Peeks (she said it tasted more like a cocktail than a beer though - it's pretty sweet).  My 20 month old son got 2 kid sized cheese burgers and a basket of tater tots that kept him busy throughout the meal.  He ended up eating the cheese burgers "top-down" starting with the bun and working his way toward the middle, but he loved every bite.For our entrees, three of us had burgers (the Cowboy Burger is their most popular and two of us had that, I had the blue cheese burger because I can't pass up blue cheese).  The burgers were good, but I would say that they were the least impressive part of our meal over all.  Each one comes with a basket of tater tots, but you can sub the tots out for a variety of other sides for an additional cost of $3.50.The fourth adult in our party ordered a Wilcox Apple Salad and the Chili Verde from the appetizer menu.  Honestly, that seemed like the best way to go.  If you are going for dinner, I would recommend one of their entrees or a salad/appatizer combo over a burger.  Not that the burgers are bad, just that there is so much more interesting on the menu.For dessert, we ordered their s'mores dessert.  It comes out with a large ceramic pot with burning coals inside and a selection of graham crackers, marshmallows, and chocolate around the edge of the plate.  You take the marshmallows, put them on the skewers that are provided, and roast them right at the table.  It was a really fun dessert.Overall, the service was excellent and the food was great.  We like Relish and will definitely be back.
4	What may look like a golf course restaurant is actually an amazing place for anyone to go for lunch, golfing or not! Relish Burger's offers a variety of favorites like Soda's, Floats, Burgers, and Appetizers, but in that upscale way the Phoenician does best. For out-of-towner's who want to try something fun while they are on vacation, try the Prickely Pear soda!
5	The kids love their Kobe beef sliders and shakes. The view overlooks the golf course. Nice staff :)
4	There are many places that I've gone to that deserve a half star, as the next level is questionable - RBB deserves 4.5 stars in my opinion.My fiance and I decided to go to Relish on a Sunday, which happened to be Father's Day.  We heard good things, especially being at the Phoenician, so we thought to see how the burger would deliver.  After getting to RBB, I quickly spotted the pulled pork sliders (an appetizer), and coming from NC, I am a sucker for trying pulled pork at nearly any place.  Knowing it was a burger spot, It was a toss-up between the sliders or the Cowboy.  My fiance decided on the Cowboy, and so I knew I could have the best of both worlds.  My only issue was that I also wanted to try their tater tots as neighboring tables already had their meals and they looked delicious.  So the obvious choice was to get the sliders and the tots, but our server informed us of their special that day, which happened to be the pulled pork sandwich WITH tots.  I knew I had made a good decision when their special was an entire sandwich of what I originally wanted.I was super satisfied with my decision.  The pulled pork had an interesting BBQ sauce coupled with jalapeno slaw, much different than your average pulled pork sandwich, but scrumptious nonetheless.  The tots were insanely good, served in the cutest little fryer basket.  The tots are more than your sonic-style, semi-soggy tots; they're fresh and crispy, and about as upscale as you can make a tot.  My fiance's burger was to die for.  When we go back, I'll definitely opt for a burger as they've got something going on in a good way.  It must be the quality of meat or the bun or something, but I was slightly regretsy that I didn't go for the Cowboy.Whatever you get, be sure to include tots and their signature tea (I think it was prickly pear or something).  I'm looking forward to trying their homemade root beer and their BBQ chicken nachos in round 2.As a bonus, we saw a PHX Suns player with his family.  Neither of us were star struck, but it made for a fun meal knowing that we were dining at spot on Father's day with an NBA player.  That's when you know you've made a decent decision for your Sunday lunch.
5	Relish is the perfect place for a gluttonous day of binge eating, drinking and watching gigantic TV's.  (And possibly play golf at the Phoenician - you know, if you're into that sort of thing..)First off: 1) Impressive Beer list, organized into easy to understand categories.2) Extremely large selection of tequila for those who prefer not remember their actions from the afternoon.3) Alcoholic Milk Shakes.  Alcoholic. Milk. Shakes.4) And an incredibly delicious list of burgers in all shapes and, more importantly - sizes.Because Gluttony is my favorite sin (unless drunkenness is a sin, at which point it'd be #3 after drunkenness annnnd drunkenness) Either way, because Gluttony is my *favorite* sin - I went with the Big Bertha which is a glorious tower made from 1lb of Kobe beef and cheese.  This may sound like overkill or a waste of food to those reading this review - This may also sound like it'd be more delicious with the additions of Guacamole and Bacon, which is exactly how it sounded to me.  This delicious monstrosity took me to the ropes, and even with my girlfriend's help - it took every ounce of strength and inch of room we had in us to take it down.  And it was worth the battle.  I will definitely come back again and I will most certainly recommend this place to others.  The only change that I'd make for next time is to make sure to reserve a room at the Phoenician before hand - this way I can spend my foodcoma in peace.
5	I am a foodie with over 20 years restaurant experience.I happened to golf today at the Phoenician and after my round I wanted a quick bite so my buddy and I went upstairs to check out Relish.Bar was BEAUTIFUL, service was spot on.  Food was delectable.Largest selection of Tequila in the STATE!  Great beer list, LARGE tv'sCant wait to go back
4	Great place.. friendly waitresses. The food was amazing...TOO much food... but it is amazing.. I did the chicken caprese, knife and fork style, which helped with all the food served.. it was good. BBQ chicken nachos, outstanding, fried pickles, different and taste,  and we had chicken wings hubby said they were awesome.. We were there with a big party.. hence all the food that was supplied.
4	Cool spot to hangout after a round of golf.  It's located at the Phoenician Resort at the golf clubhouse area.  Some friends and I popped in after a round for a bite to eat and some drinks.  It was raining that day, so we camped out next to the fireplace to dry off.  We were soaking wet from playing golf all day in the rain and since it was the end of Summer, the AC was cranked on full tilt here.To warm ourselves up we ordered a shot of premium Patron Tequila and I had a glass of Woodford Reserve Bourbon, neat.  The Tequila went down smooth and warmed me up real fast.  I savored the Bourbon and sipped it slowly while enjoying the conversation about our day of golf and other random things.For food, we decided to order some Onion Rings ($8), Garlic Fries ($7), and Chips & Salsa w/Guacamole ($14).  We shared the appetizers.  They were very good and a perfect snack to enjoy while we hung out.Our waitress was very attentive and made sure our glasses weren't empty.  One of the guys in our group volunteered to pick up the tab because he lost a bet on the golf course....which was good because the shot of premium Patron was $45....wait, what?!Overall, it was a good time.  Next time I try the Burgers on the menu.Return Factor - 87%
4	This was our final restaurant destination for Fall Restaurant Week.So glad we chose this place!Start with a pint of Kiltlifter (always a good place to start!)Step-dad and I ordered identically down the option list.Habanero duck tacos - Delish!Torta burger - OMG, they need to add this to the menu! At any price! It had EVERYTHING on it - and was all top quality and delicious! It was far too big, though. I ate my way through as much of it as I could, but still left plenty of goodies and both halves of the challah bun on the table. I only ate a third of my tots! (And they were really good tots!)Dessert was super decadent with chocolate cake and a salted caramel ice cream - I took most of the cake home for the next day.Lovely patio, impressive tequila selection, attentive service and not as 'stuck up' as I expected it to be, as it's in the Phoenician.There's also an impressive daily happy hour - which I will definitely be back for!
4	Unless you are in the area I don't think this place is worth the drive. Don't get me wrong the food was good, but you have to park and find your way the restaurant while you walk through the resort area. Relish wasn't busy like I expected it would be. It is just a little resort restaurant over the golf course. Tater tots were on point and the burger was very good. This place is a once in a lifetime place. I wouldn't go out of my way to come here again though.
5	I am visiting Scottsdale from Seattle and was looking for the best burger for Father's Day.  We found it!!  5 different ready made burgers or design your own by adding condiments from an impressive list of choices.  The view of the golf course is also nice as the grounds of the Phoenician are quite beautiful.
4	The Big Bertha was her name and I took Big Bertha down 1lb of Kobe beef with american cheese topped with special chopped salad.Let me break down what I sampled at this great establishment.I only had to order one thing, looked at the menu and even before getting to the end of it I already knew what I was going to order.The tater tots - heavenly made, all had crunch, slight kick to each one like they added chili powder or something hot to give em an extra wow factorthe big bertha - they boasted can't be done, HA sounded like a challenge to me, burger stood tall with two patties equalling 1lb and hella veggies to ruin any carnivores palette. bun was decent by the time you get to the bottom, the bun is so saturated with beef juices it can be eaten with a spoon, honestly there was to much salad on this burger, only looked intimidating at first glance, but after getting through the first layer it was a piece of cake, again by the time you hit the bottom of the burger you will have thrown out all the extra salad parts added as well as the bun. On a whole burger was good, tender, juicy made medium well, slightly salted and sauced with multiple sauces unless of course that was all the juices of  that dripped down from the burger. I definitely will be back to try anything else they offer.had a tall alcoholic beverage "Hef" standard, served ice cold in a tall glass that was also ice cold.good spot for lunch if you like to be in a coma for the rest of the dayfood **** one of the better burgers I had while in Arizonaprice $$ 32dollars for the big bertha notice I put it in small caps cause it was not that big hahaservice ***** on the ball, never had to ask for a refill, courteous and friendly staffambiance ***** enjoy the outdoors during some blazing heat, was about comfortable 80 degrees slight wind blowing perfect weather to be outside under some shade.
5	So we went to this place because Yelp reviewers said that it was really good! I have to say good choice fellow Yelp reviewers!!  This was a very nice, clean restaurant. The staff who worked here were all very friendly and very helpful! They were attentive without being annoying! I ordered the Mushroom Cheeseburger and it was amazing!! Loved it!! Would go again for sure! Yes it might be a $16 burger, but it is a big burger and you choose to have a rare burger, which most places won't do anymore! It was incredible! I loved it.  I also loved the tots!! Very incredible!! I really don't remember the margarita that they served me, but it too was very good. I highly recomend this place!!
5	Such a gorgeous space overlooking the golf course at the Phoenician. We were lucky enough to be seated on the patio as the sun went down and it was just breezy and spectacular viewing. I love how the desert looks at sunset. We all had a burger - four different burgers to be exact and they were all absolutely positively some of the best burgers ever. Great flavor, cooked to perfection, and the tator tots on the side were just about unbeatable. Love the presentation! Service here was good but a bit harried. Maybe she was just busy, I don't know. My water was never re-filled and that always bugs me that I have to ask. But the food and the ambiance was terrific and I'll come back for more again and again.
4	This place doesn't belong at a resort. Ignore the fact that it's at a resort, nevermind a golf club, because this places dishes up an amazing cheeseburger slash burger of any type --- salmon, turkey, bison...take your pick! Plus you get tots....crispy, salty, yummy tots. A nice change from the standard fry. The burger is huge & when you add in the tots it's a big meal - I could only finish half! Wash the burger down with one of the many beers they offer, or event a spiked malt. Now that is 5-star resort livin'..
4	I like that I can get a burger here that is as every bit as good as the best spots in the area while also enjoying the great resort atmosphere cultivated at the Phoenician.
5	Happened by here by accident ...Goes to show you that good things can come from an error in direction.  The atmosphere is amazing, as well as, the view !!   We opted for the balcony, so we could enjoy the golf course view.  There were fans to keep the air circulating providing a comfortable environment.  Our server, Rachel was both friendly and helpful while we made our choices for lunch.  She provided us with most popular and with her favorites.  Now ...The food was amazing !!!!   We decided to split the Cowboy Burger and the  Sonoran Chicken Wings.   It was split onto separate plates by the kitchen staff, which made for a nice presentation.   The burger came with crispy tater tots making for a special twist to the norm of fries.  We will be back soon :)
5	Relish Burger Bistro was absolutely fantastic! My family and I ate here twice in one trip. Both times were equally as great. The food was delicious. The burgers were very juicy and good. The burger comes with either Tater tots or on a bed of sweet potato fries. I tried the tater tots and they were TO DIE FOR. They were crispy and fresh and delicious. I ended the meal with the Cookie Skillet, which has pecans and was delicious. I also drank a Creamsicle smoothie, which is pretty much an vanilla milkshake with orange juice, which tastes delicious and thick. One unique thing about Relish Burger Bistro is they have S'mores for dessert, where you can roast your own S'mores over a charcoal fire.I would recommend going during Happy Hour because they have a lot of food deals and many drinks are on sale.The service was great. Kyle, our waitress both times, was fun, entertaining, and friendly. Overall, the food and service is really good. Recommend getting tater tots, cookie sundae, s'mores, and the Creamsicle Milkshake.
4	A little pricey, even for a gourmet burger, but the burger was good. We sat on the balcony, and enjoyed a view of the golf course. The service was lacking a little (we had to find a waitress when we first sat down and continued to look for someone for refills for water).This place is on my list of top burger places in the valley but just be prepared for the bill.
3	Relish is an awesome place to get an good burger and a great view at the same time.... If you're willing to pay for it. Located at the Phoenician, Relish offers quality Kobe beef burgers with some unique toppings. We decided to start with the 8 dollar fried pickles and they were served piping hot with a side of ranch dressing. I really liked them but my wife was put off by how rubbery the pickles became from being so hot. She enjoyed the cool pickle on her burger much more. I'm usually not a big pickle fan but I loved them... I think I'm just a fried stuff fan. Our 16 dollar burgers came out and were presented very nicely. We loved how the tater tots come in little fry baskets. The meat on my cowboy burger didn't taste as good as Kobe burgers that I have had at other establishments but it was good. My wife got an original burger and added avocado on to it and I actually liked hers more than mine. We tried the cookie dessert and were very disappointed. There was a very odd taste in the cookie at certain spots and was very off putting. We didn't eat much of it. If you are in the area and in the mood for a great burger, I think you can do better. However the view and ambiance of the place make it worth a look.
3	Most of the items on their happy hour menu were mediocre. But then we had the beef sliders. Goodness, gracious. They were some of the best sliders that I have ever tasted.For me,  one out of four dishes being amazing doesn't warrant anything above 3 stars. Otherwise, service is great. Lots of TV screens to watch games after a round of golf. Great casual place to dine while you're staying at the hotel.
4	Love it.  I can share because of larger portion.  Good meat....good everything.
4	The burger was good of course but for me it was all about those tater tots. So crisp. So good! I want to go back for tequila tastings - a huge variety of tequila.
4	The husband and I came here for their lovely happy hour! The prices here are generally pretty steep (you can't get a burger for less than a whopping 16$), but the happy hour has some serious deals. We tried the wagyu burger sliders (3$ each) and the pulled pork sliders (5$ for 3 of them). Surprisingly, the burger sliders were not the stars... they put too much thousand island on them which buried the taste of the meat (which is why the burger is so expensive, right?)... They certainly weren't bad, but I wish the flavor of the meat came through more. The star was the pork slider... these things were legit! The sauce was delicious, tangy and spicy. The slaw on top was crisp and added the texture the sliders needed. The portion was large for 5$ (on the reg menu, this same dish is 13$!!!). I would come back for these sliders. For drinks, the husband had a beer and I had a marg... the marg was a good size for the happy hour price, but the flavor was nothing special. Anyway, I will most likely return for happy hour and would like to come for brunch (the menu looks awesome and they have a brunch burger with an egg and hollandaise on it.... sounds great to me!).
3	Relish BB is located in the beautiful Phoenician at the Golf House. The parking is close and easy. Once seated you might see views of the golf course or watch the fireplace or the TVs. The decor is masculine and classic.Once seated I noticed Ketchups and Mustards on all the tables that looked very used and I was afraid to use them.The menu is very well written and offers many interesting choices of burgers and other items. They feature a large Tequila Collection and also offer adult boozy milk shakes and house made sodas.The beef burgers are 8oz. of all natural Kobe Style that you get either on a house made egg bread Bun, or Bun-less over a Spicy Signature Salad. (most of the burgers cost $16.@)Soon someone runs the burgers out to us and the waitress is right behind and ask us if we need anything. We said no and she tells us to enjoy our meals.I picked the Classic Burger in the knife and fork style (bun-less) I'm not sure if it was missing the lettuce, tomato, and onion but I did get those ingredients in the signature salad that it came over. The burger it's self was tasty and seasoned but cooked a bit more than the medium I requested and came out medium well that's passible. The burger was still tasty. I thought my sweet potato fries were over cooked but still ok. I liked the signature salad but I think it might be too spicy for some people as it had lots of spicy pickled peppers in it. My two toppings were onion rings and queso fundido and both were tasty.My husband got the South Western Burger requested Medium Rare. That burger also came out Medium Well. He said it was delicious but should be medium rare or at least close to medium rare. Especially when you are paying $16. for a burger in a really nice BURGER place.We kept eating and were worried that nobody would come over to check on us. So I turned around and was watching our waitress watching TV in the bar and made eye contact. Soon she runs over and ask how things are. My husband shows her his burger and agrees that the burger isn't medium rare and offers to make him a new one. He already ate half of the burger and at this point doesn't want another burger. They did take his burger off our bill and that was good on RBB's part but still doesn't change the fact that they served us over cooked burgers.This should be a 4-5 star review as tasty as the food really was but the execution was too far off to give 4 stars. I thought the food was good enough that I will go back and try a different burger next time. I figure maybe we just hit them on an off day or a day when the management was away.If you have a Preferred Scottsdale Card you can get one meal for free.
3	My wife liked her ahi tuna sandwich especially that you can have it on a bed of slaw with sweet potato fries on the side. Serves the purpose for quick lunch if you're on the property. Otherwise, this place it Is really kind of what you'd expect from a hotel restaurant. Overpriced beer, decent service and decent food.
5	Overlooking the Phoenician golf course, this sports bar is a gourmet experience complete with top tier food, service and drinks.   I enjoyed the cowboy burger, tasty taters and a chopped blue cheese wedge.  This spot was so good I ventured back 3x during my stay at the resort.
