4	This place just opened last week and apparently they didn't do any advertising and just did a soft opening.  I came in for a manicure with gelish nail polish.  The place is hip and fresh and new - of course, since it just opened.  The service is nice, it's still too new to judge anything, but I think it will do well.  It's been a week and my gelish nail polish is chip-free! They currently have a 50% off special right now but not sure how long it will last. Check it out.
5	Love it - great location close to work and I had a great gel manicure. Friendly service and great pricing!
5	Heard about this place through a friend when i was visiting Scottsdale. It just opened about 3 weeks or so. Really nice atmosphere. The manager, Nicole is very accommodating and friendly. She also gave us a coupon for a discount, really cool! Location is really convenient right on the main road of Scottsdale. They did a great job with my manicure and pedicure. Would certainly come again when i visit.
5	I was in town during the Holidays season so I went to get gel manicure and spa pedicure at The Nail Room. Kim, the nail tech gave me an amazing foot massage and my polish lasted for almost 3 weeks. I enjoy the friendly and nice service from everyone there and love the convenient location! I also feel safe and clean because they sanitize and spray everything after each client. I will definitely come back here again next time when I am in town and you should check out this place too!
4	Danny was very good! I'm quite picky and he was too! He helped me pick a color right for my skin tone. The salon just opened, so they don't have tons of colors, but I am hoping they get more, especially OPI gels. The light that is used to cure the gel is built into the table so you don't have to put your hands up and into the light machine, just stick your hand below and into the table. They even give you sunscreen if you are worried about those rumors, that the light isn't good for you. Overall, a very good experience at a new place!
5	I am very picky where I get my nails done because I have gotten many infections from different nail salons. After looking in on the place after they had close and reading all of the reviews I thought I would give it a shot. It was the best nail salon I have EVER been to. The staff was so friendly and sweet. They really took care of me went I went in. I cant wait to go again and bring my mom.I will recommend them to everyone I know :)
5	New, clean and charming decor. Friendly and attractive staff.They use disposable liners in their pedicure tubs, I love that !! I had to use the bathroom and its so cute!! This salon was decorated for girls, no sign of the Middle East here. Fair prices, no wait, tons of colors to choose from as well. Highly recommend. Its my new go to nail salon.
2	I booked an appt today based on all of the good reviews.  My appointment was at 3pm. Did not get seated until 3:15. Nail tech did not start until 3:20.  The nail tech barely did any cuticle trimming and my 3 year old nephew could of done the callous buff better.  I brought my own base/top coat which apparently caused a problem for the nail tech to paint.  The color nail polish was painted unevenly and the sides of my nails were left unpainted. I have used my base and top coat many times and I never had this problem.  My nails were then placed under the UV lamps to dry. Left too long and was really hot.  Never really dried my nails.  The good that I can say is that they are very clean. I just think there is a huge variance between nail techs so if u get someone you like stick with them.  I will not be going back but they will have no trouble getting customers who don't know better  since they are across the street from Scottsdale quarter.
5	I live in Desert Club apartments and I got one of their promotional cards on my door so I gave them a shot. They were offering a serious discount for their first couple months. I got a Shellac manicure (white tip) and it was PHENOMENAL. I went back again a few weeks later and I am going back again this week :) The place is adorable with really cute chic decorations and it's super clean. This is actually the first Yelp review I have ever written but I felt compelled to do so b/c they were so great! I would recommend them to anyone looking for a great nail place!
4	Went in last week for a gel mani and had a pleasant experience. I received a quality manicure at a reasonable price. Reasonable meaning the manicure was $25 which is not bad for north Scottsdale at all. I made a reservation mid morning for an afternoon appointment which worked out fine.I would recommend The Nail Room to anyone looking for quality mani/pedi/spa service in the Quarter or Kierland area.
5	Love love love this place! Best nail salon I have ever been to. I am for sure a nail room regular I go every week for a mani and pedi :) they really take their time and do it well and they have so many cute colors to pick from.
5	Best nail salon experience ever!! I was a walk in and was pleased at the professionalism and cleanliness. I know now that I was lucky to get Danny. He was an absolute perfectionist with his work. Super friendly too. I had never done gel on my nails before, only acrylic. He did such a fabulous job. Then I got the BEST pedicure ever.  The massage was the highlight! Definitely go if you get the chance! They even knew I didn't live in the area and still gave me top of the line service.
2	First of all, Linda was great. I love the way she did my nails. I got a new acrylic set plus gel topcoat.When I made the appointment I specifically mentioned I was looking for a new salon. I have been to 4 since moving here. And have yet to find one I like.Anyway, after I paid I questioned the $10 charge for taking off my acrylics.Per the  brochure, the charge should only be $5 when you purchase a New Set of Nails. Nicole stated that the brochure showed a price of 5+ & depending on how difficult the acrylic is to remove the price can be higher.Later I looked at the brochure. There isn't a + sign after these 2 prices.I emailed the salon but never received a reply even after a week.While there, I asked Linda why they weren't busy on a Saturday. She replied that they had only been open for 6 months.So my question: "Is over-charging $5 worth the loss of a new client who would have been a regular?"My search for a salon continues...
5	A friend recommended The Nail Room to me because she and I both are clean freaks. She raved about how sanitary the salon is and that they even use plastic liners in their pedicure tubs and their nail tools come out of a sterilized pouch just for you! She was right, they were very clean, they have a really nice ambiance, have GREAT prices AND I got an awesome manicure by Tamara. I will definitely be going back for my regular mani/pedis with Tamara. She did a great job, cleaned my cuticles nicely and gently and left me with clean, sparkling nails. I will definitely be going back!
3	Love the ambiance. The workers were polite and friendly. I did not however like the wait. My two friends and I made an appointment at 3:30 I was seen at 3:50, my friend was seen at 4:15, and then our other friend wasn't even started until after I was done which was what, like 4:30 PM. They didn't take our appointment down correctly. If it was anywhere else, I would have been very annoyed and frankly, rude. However, the nail owner/technician is a friend of my friends so I let it slide, even though that was not ok, and was not impressive.
5	This is my favorite nail place around. They aren't pushy with add-ons and do great jobs of the manis and pedis. The gel cost is great. I have had a few manicures that were a little wonky but it's not the end of the world. Really clean too!!
5	I have been going here since they opened. I love the atmosphere here! Everything is brand new and they have decorated the place very elegantly. The staff is always so friendly. They have a lot of gel colors and my nails have always turned out great and last. They also have really good prices. I highly recommend this place!
4	I finally found "my salon". I got a basic spa pedi, and while the chair was similar to any other salon, the overall atmosphere was great. I even changed my mind on the color I picked after two toes and she changed it right away. The salon is clean and very cute with the chandeliers.The only downside was that my particular pedicurist was not using enough force in the scrubbing and rubbing so I didn't get the whole foot rejuvenation feeling, but that's a style thing I guess.
5	While visiting Scottsdale from Hawaii, I found this delightfully decorated like a boutique nail salon that I was afraid would be too pricey. However, after inquiring about a full gel set I was so surprised to find their prices comparable to many other salons. I was SO fortunate to be given Danny as my nail tech because I left The Nail Room with the BEST set of pink and white gel nails that I have ever received!!I was so pleasantly surprised and will most certainly make a point of returning on my next trip.Between the decor, Danny and the prices I couldn't recommend it more highly.
4	So I've been searching for a new nail place for a while....  Stayed loyal to my nail tech for 12+ years and then moved.  Found a new place by my new house.  Look, I tried it for a couple months but it just wasn't working out.  I averaged 1 1/2 hours in her chair every 2 weeks for the same acrylic fill I would normally get in 45 min - 1 hour.  Time to move on...Called more shops/salons then I care to remember and came across The Nail Room.  The day I called they were able to get me in at the time I wanted after work.  By this time I was almost 3 weeks out from my last appointment and was in desperate need of beautiful nails - the way I wanted them!  I arrived 15 minutes early and although there was nobody at the reception desk, I was greeted almost immediately.  She checked the book and my technician came out.  I explained what I had been going through the last couple of months and how I wanted my nails done.  Cash brought out a large box of color wheels and I quickly found the pink I wanted.  He got to work on my nails and explained some problems he found.  I wasn't too surprised and was glad he pointed the issues out.Cash seemed reserved and very quiet at first.  After a while he became more talkative and funny, but rarely looked up from my hands.  He was extremely detail-oriented which I appreciate.  Even with the mess my nails were in, and with 2 repairs to do (acrylic had completely popped off two nails), I was out of there in less than an hour.  My nails looked gorgeous and I was thrilled!!  I will see how they stand up in the next 2 weeks and will check in again.  If all goes well, I am a fan of The Nail Room and will be setting up appts for every two weeks with Cash.The shop is clean, clean, clean, the girls/guys friendly, and I am pleased beyond words!
5	I just got a mani pedi this morning and am very happy I chose the Nail Room. They were very friendly and accommodating. They repeatedly called me by my name which I thought was great and showed they cared. The salon was very very CLEAN which is a major concern of mine. They used liners in the pedi basins, wore gloves and all utensils came out of sterilized bags. Sylvia did my gel mani and did a fantastic job and made sure I was completely satisfied. Erica did my pedi and as well made sure I was 100% happy with it. My finger and toe nails look great and I definitely will be returning!
5	Favorite nail bar I have been to in AZ. Super clean, great for pregnant ladies as they use Essie and OPI (formaldehyde free). The girls doing our nails were super cute and sweet. Would definately go again!
4	I arrived just after they opened and walked in.  I was greeted immediately and assigned a nail technician.  He was very pleasant and did a great job on my pedicure.  The salon is extremely clean, nice atmosphere and good chairs!  I live about 25 miles away, but will travel to this salon from now on.
5	This place is a gem!!! Very personable staff you feel welcomed as soon as you walk in... Ver clean and sanitary and as a nurse that is SUPER important to me!!! I was able to relax after a crazy night at work and I was pleased with the results of my nails... As a picky lady from Los Angeles the nail work here measured up... My new nail salon!!!! Finally!!!
4	This is a really nice place to stop and get a manicure and pedicure.  I booked an appointment for 6 of us to get mani's and pedi's done and they were able to accommodate us all. Every friendly people and afforadable prices!!
5	My favorite nail salon in world. Clean, chic, and friendly. My mani and pedi last forever!!
5	So nicely decorated, clean, great service! English speaking!!!!! They treat you like prince and princesses :) always nice people in here and they do great gel manicures and acrylics. Also awesome waxing too! I just love this place and prefer it over all over nail places!!
5	It is absolutely the cleanest salon I've ever been in. I'm visiting family from Boston and wish I could move just for this salon. The staff was very friendly. Highly recommend!
2	I tried this salon after reading all the yelp reviews. It lead me to wonder if the salon offered a discount to those who wrote reviews.. I did not have anywhere near an exceptional experience. It was ok, and the nail technician did a good job, and she was certainly very pleasant. But it was not an exceptional experience. I got a pedicure at this salon. First, there were few colors to choose from as they were out of stock. I have never heard of this before at a salon, normally someone is ordering ahead of time to meet the needs of clients. Secondly, I paid more than my regular salon for a pedicure. And I got a 30 second massage compared to a 20 minute massage at my other salon. I felt cheated, as I only spend that kind of money once every six weeks and I was hoping to have a relaxing and pampering experience. I was shocked when each leg/foot was at a max 15 seconds. Oh well, I guess it made me appreciate my old salon.
5	I have been looking for a great nail saloon place that is the perfect mix between a high quality mani pedi and atmosphere. So many are one or the other. The Nail Room is both. Cool swanky vibe with music from the 80s and 90s. And of course, a high quality mani pedi that lasts weeks. I typically do a gel French which lasts a solid 3 weeks. My pedi can go even longer. Short on time? They will do a mani pedi at the same time.
5	Fabulous!  I've tried various nail salons across the valley, and I've never been in one this clean and inviting!  The staff is friendly and they pay attention to detail! This is definitely my new nail salon!
1	I brought 2 people here as a treat to them. When we left, our cuticles were a mess and two up us had nail polish around our nails. When I came back, the woman up front offered to redo them. I wished only for a refund (we had already been there for an hour and a half). After spending $105 there, not including the tips, I was quite annoyed to only have been refunded $30. When I requested a full refund (I am not the kind of person to complain or ask for money back, it was more about the principle of paying for poor service), the woman at the front told me I was being rude. She mentioned that they have many positive reviews on yelp and that her employees spent time  on our nails--this was totally irrelevant and yes, they spent time on our nails--we tipped them.  What kind of business owner, or manager, calls a dissatisfied client rude? very unprofessional. I am more disappointed in they way I was treated than the poor service that was provided.
3	I just enjoyed a mani/pedi this morning at The Nail Room. Had I only got a pedicure, I would have given 4 stars.  The pedi was great.  I had the Euro spa pedi with the sea salt glo.  My feet feel great and my nails look good.  However, the mani was far from my expectations. My nails are filed unevenly, the paint and top coat don't cover the entire nail on a few oft fingers, Andy hands are incredibly dry.  I wish I had something better to say about the mani, but I just don't.  As I stated above, the pedi was great, so I would return for another.  But I will definitely skip the mani next time as I feel I could do a better job on my own nails.  As far as atmosphere goes, it was very relaxing and I really liked the lady who did my nails.  All in all, go for the pedi, but skip the mani.
2	Place is clean!  But I have been now for several gel manicures and each time the girl has done my nails I get lumps in my polish?  Is it the polish is old or how she is applying it?  Went one time and one of the guys did my gel nails and no problem?  So as it is not cheap I am sure there are other places where you can get a consistent  application?
5	I love this place! My gel manicures have never looked better/lasted so long. The staff is professional and friendly. It is so clean (they actually employee someone who only cleans!) and the best part...you make any appointment - they actually honor it! ALWAYS on time. I've been to sooooo many places.  Glad I found this place!
4	I found The Nail Room because I was looking for a salon open on Sundays at 10. I swear I saw somewhere it said come on in, but when I got there at 10:20, the salon was almost empty and they said they had time for a pedicure but not mani. While I was weighing the option of finding somewhere else (I did come across a few others open early) or doing a quick paint myself, she said she could have two people work at the same time and do both. Yay! The salon was too cute to walk out of!They had a great color selection to choose from and it was well organized so I could focus in on my pinks or purples. They have massaging pedicure chairs and the tubs had one-time-use liners. You can tell they take hygiene seriously...their tools were all sealed as well! My techs were great...friendly, fast and I'm very happy with the finished product! There was no upsell pressure, just a menu on the side table to pick my services (with slightly increased prices from their website). The prices were what I expect from a salon, but the experience was a step above!Definitely make an appointment! The place filled up by the time I left and they were asking walk-ins to come back at the end of the day!
5	I've have been looking for a nail place in north Scottsdale that not only does great work but also has great customer service. Until I discovered the Nail Room none of the other places I tried even came close to meeting this standard and I was often left with a basic job that was way over priced or a rushed or unskilled technician that left my nails looking like my 3 year old did them. After warding off all north Scottsdale nail salons, I decided to give the area one more try after reading positive reviews about the nail room and let me say I wasn't disappointed. Customer service was awesome and everyone including my nail technician, Cash, were super attentive and friendly. I sat down right I my appt time (super important when your squeezing in a gel mani over your lunch break), the salon itself was modern and clean, the technician (Cash) was super efficient and meticulous and my nails turned out exactly as requested! I will definitely be back again!
5	I have been going to The Nail Room every 2 weeks for several months now for an acrylic fill with a gel top. I don't plan on going anywhere else!I call ahead and make the appointment for after work with Cash. He always listens, does my nails the way I ask, and they look ah-mazing!  He takes his time and is meticulous, but after working a 10-hour shift I'm tired and with Cash's expertise, he can still get me out of the chair in an hour or less. Great selection of colors and the shop is clean. Prices are more expensive then when I lived in Peoria, ($15 for the gel top seems a little extreme), but it would be my only complaint. When you find a shop that is clean, you get in when you need/want to, and they do an excellent job, it doesn't get any better then that. 'Nuf said!
1	Went on a Sunday and the gal did not use sanitised tools!  Ok If nothing else the cheapest thing is to be clean!!!!!  It takes one time to get some kind of infection and lose a finger.  I think the owner was not there that day so I hope she reads and takes care of this problem!
4	Another Sunday Funday activity for the girls that I have mixed reviews on. When first arriving an hour before closing time for a walk in mani/pedi what appeared to be the manager struggled to want to agree to take me as a client. When my friend suggested a particular technician he promptly said he had somewhere to be and couldn't see me. Eventually I was seen and received great service from another woman. She was super sweet, helpful and patient as I explored outside of my normal color palette. The only strange aspect was that she removed my original gel by scrapping it off with her own nails. A bit weird but not painful, kind of like nails on a chalkboard chill. I was nervous they may give me an issue about doing my pedicure since they didn't not do it all together and once it was time it was almost closing time but she helped me and it was a great ending. There was also a Keurig for the customer! Lovely touch!!! I would recommend this salon but maybe making an appointment would make you feel a little more welcome.
4	Headed over to the Nail Room since it's a close location to my job - called them the day before to see if they had any openings and was told that they were booked for that night, so I made an appointment for the next afternoon at 5:30.  Arrived at my scheduled time and it was fairly busy that night, too.  Was told it would be about 20 minutes before I'd be seen, which was a little odd for me since I had made the appointment.  However, about 7-10 minutes of waiting and I was taken to one of the nail tables by a tech and they started to remove the current gel polish I had on, so it really wasn't so bad!My nail tech was Nicole and as soon as she wrapped up with the client she was on she took over my whole appointment and was really friendly and helpful with making choices on design and color. I had made my appointment for a gel manicure and regular pedicure, so as it approached 6:30 p.m. and I was still only on the hands I was a little worried since they close at 7. However, a couple of women walked in for pedicures and they took them on back, so I felt better about the timing!  When she was all set with the hands, Nicole took me on back to get the pedicure and it was relaxed and really nice despite the time.  She didn't try to rush me out or make me feel like it was hurried in anyway. I loved both my mani and pedi and couldn't have been happier with this first time visit.  Next go round I'll make my appt on the weekend at an earlier time so I'm not the person closing the place down!Overall: AAn appointment is a good idea, but you can walk in here just be sure you're okay with a little wait! Great girl's night out idea!
5	Linda is amazing! The place uses CND products which is so hard to find in the valley. The prices great too.
1	I booked an appointment an hour ahead of time for my best friend and I. She was visiting Scottsdale and flying out the next day. We showed up 15 mins before our appointment. When we showed up we checked in and started to look at the color section. 2 thumbs down! Worst collection ever. My collection at home does better justice. One of the techs came up to us telling us how she wouldn't be able to do a mani and pedi. I told her then we will go somewhere else if not. She said never mind we can. She stated this because I overheard her speaking to another customer about fitting them in so they could get another service. My friend was seen 10 mins after our appointment and I waited 10 mins after that. Then while getting my nails done my tech used his phone, I'm not complaining because he might have kids and from how he was acting was not planning on staying as long as he was. But I wanted almond nails and they were all coming out crooked. So I then asked if he could go square then he was like I can't or I'll have to remove your nails and then a lady walks up who I'm guessing is the manager stating how they won't redo my nails and that's what I wanted. I said NO you can shave them down with the tool or I'm not paying. So they did what I asked. I'm okay with my end result. But I never for my pedicure or almond nails. I'm not happy with how I was treated.
2	I made an appointment for 2 people and was disappointed when the chairs were not next to each other. My pedicurist, Jasmine did a horrible job of painting my nails and denied that they looked lumpy when I pointed it out. When she was cutting my cuticles she kept snipped way too far done and cut me.  She seemed distracted very impersonal. My friend enjoyed her pedicure and we both agreed that the facilities were very nice and clean, but the service could improve greatly. Overall I was disappointed, but I am willing to return and try a different pedicurist.
5	It was my first time here and I got a Pedicure with Jasmin. SHE WAS AN ABSOLUTE DOLL!! I expected the 'typical nail salon' experience,  however I had a wonderful conversation with my tech, she was super friendly, attentive and personable. Not only was the conversation amazing, but I am a fellow cosmetologist who is very picky. I got a great pedicure. Jasmin thoroughly and meticulously cleaned under my nails and my trimmed my cuticles! She suggested a color to compliment my skin tone. I love the color so much I already purchased it for my at home collection. If you are looking for a great nail girl, she is a perfect fit! The establishment is also very clean, and sanitary. I LOVED the pedi chairs, but more importantly I LOVED the liners in the pedi bowl! I highly recommend Jasmine at The Nail Room, you won't regret it!
5	Nail room has the best selection of gel colors and they're very sanitary. I love this place!!
1	Waited for over an hour for my scheduled appt. Barely any leg rub. My nails lasted half the time than normal. Will never go back.
4	Linda was a really great technician. She's made sure i was comfortable the whole time and that she wasn't hurting me at all. Overall a good experience, I will be back!
4	I love the Nailroom!! I had just moved to Scottsdale a few months ago and was terrified to leave my old nail salon in Chandler. But I walked in and was seen by a nail tech named Allen. He did an amazing job! His attention to detail was phenomenal. He took his time and was very attentive to my needs. Ever since then, I have been going back. The second/third/forth time I went I couldn't get an appointment with him by being a walk in so I quickly learned to call to make an appointment. I would highly recommend this place. Great service. Nice atmosphere. Friendly staff.
5	First time in tonight -they squeezed me and stayed until after closing taking no short cuts. There are the best nails I've ever had and I'm super happy :) Recommend and appointment though and ask for Linda !
2	Friendly staff but would not go back based off the quality of work and the price I paid.  I wanted a gel manicure and spa pedicure. When I arrived, the receptionist asked me if I wanted my services back to back or at the same time.  I told her I wanted them back to back as I wanted to fully enjoy each service and I was not in any hurry.  They started my pedicure, which she did a great job, very gentle.  Then about 5 minutes into my pedicure, another girl came over and just started doing my manicure.  I don't like doing this, because they just stand on the side of the pedi chair and you have to reach your hands over and its very uncomfortable.  The girl that did my gel maniure was rushing through it, and missed polishing the sides of my nails.  It was almost like she was rushing to finish at the same time as my pedicure so towards the end, when they do the hand massage, I felt I got jipped!I would have said something to the receptionist but the girl who did my manicure jumped up and checked me out which was extremely awkward.  And the girl that did my pedicure just stood at the desk while I was paying, almost like she was waiting for cash.  Extremely unprofessional, I will not be back.
1	The worst mani I've ever gotten.  They kind of have a "We're the best, we work at the best nail place in town!" vibe, but nooooooo, you don't.  It's only the fancy location.  The work was really poor.  This emperor isn't wearing any clothes.  Polish was lumpy, uneven and chipped quickly.  The nail tech (red hair, don't remember her name) dug the tool into the side of my pinkie so hard, it cut and bled.  "That sometimes happens," she said.  Huh???  No apology.   An older woman (looked like the owner) looked over when I winced in pain, but didn't say anything.  It seemed like she could tell the tech wasn't doing a very good job, but didn't want to say anything.  I got the sense that the tech just wanted to get "the job done," even though I was nice and friendly to her.  The rest of the techs working there didn't seem that friendly, either.  I felt confused because I was thinking this would be a treat, and it wasn't.  :(  The quality of the mani was so poor, I just took everything off after a couple of days.   The quality of the pedi was much better and lasted, but I still just felt "processed" ("Yeah, here's a leg in front of me at my station again.").  I didn't feel like they cared about me as a person or my business.  I'm kicking myself for having given her a bigger tip than I should have.  But you know what it's like sometimes, you're in a daze because it was so bad and you just want to give the tip and get OUTTA there.    I won't go back.  From the reviews written here, looks like I'm not the only one.
4	This was my first time at The Nail Room. I had a fantastic experience. The staff was very friendly and helpful. My technicians were very skilled and detail oriented. Overall great environment. Had a wonderful afternoon and would deff go back and recommend it.
1	I wish I could give no stars. My two friends and I showed up there on our scheduled time, there was no one to do our nails. Two technicians were late and no one called to  inform us. We had appointments booked back to back to her ready for a wedding the next day and had no time for lateness. They were not apologetic at all and never said they were sorry for their mistake. Time is precious and that day we had no time for delays or mistakes.  I don't live in Arizona  but when I come back to visit and get a mani-pedi I will never come back here again.
1	Just got back from the biggest waste of time and money I've experienced in a while. I pad nearly $50 for absolutely nothing to be done to my hands or toes. Don't waste your time here unless you want to leave with nothing more than an uneven paint job.
5	The Nail Room did an amazing job. Was visiting from California and I was so impressed with the friendly service, super clean facility's and great color selection. 100% go to this place!
5	I love this place! I have lived in scottsdale for a long time and have seen my share of nail salons. I have been frustrated that there isn't a place that seems to have it all: great technicians, super clean, relaxing atmosphere AND good customer service or an ability to easily communicate with the team. (Language barriers)This place has it all. I have been there many times for various services for over 6 months. They are great!! The work for gel manicure is excellent. I receive many compliments on my nails all the time. Two weeks ago a friend at lunch finally confessed and said I'm officially obsessed with your nails! Nicole who works the front helped me pick out the color based on a photo I showed her as inspiration.  loved that. My pedicures have been with various techs and they all do a great job, super sweet. I have never had to wait more than 5 min for service and never make appointments. I don't go on sat or sun so I cannot vouch for those days. Lastly the whole time I am there receiving service there is either an elderly women or man who are  constantly cleaning in a non obtrusive way. The pedi bowls are all lined with plastic liner and they completely wipe down each chair after the person leaves, the head part hand part-all of it. I have never witnessed that at other salons. Im not sure if Nicole is the owner or manager but whatever she is-I'm very happy with how she greets me, takes care of me and ensures I'm happy with my service. Thank you!! I recommend this place.
3	I had my nails done here with the bridal party before my best friend's wedding. The manicure was beautiful, and the technician was very patient and made sure the filing was to my liking. The reason I am giving it 3 stars is because my manicure only lasted a few days, which was very disappointing as I expect them to last at least a week. Most of the nail polish had completely peeled off in about 2 days and I had to remove it.
