4	This place is pretty much a Jamba Juice on steroids.  If you don't know what a Jamba Juice is, forget about it, and enjoy your Tropical Smoothie.   They have more options as well as healthy food selections.  I will be back before I leave the Vegas.
2	Does the old idea that quantity surpasses quality ring true here? You bet. Tropical Smoothie is about last on my list of good smoothie places in Las Vegas, however with so many locations, its hard to go anywhere else! Why drive 20 minutes to get a kick-ass smoothie, when you can walk 5 to get a mediocre one. This place annoys me.First off, the smoothies and sandwiches are second rate. Its a fast food joint disguised as a 'healthy alternative'.The smoothies are glorified 'flavored-ice'. Yes they use real fruits, but load heavily on the sweetener / sugar yet completely skimping on flavor. How is this possible? Most importantly, why is each smoothie the price of a dinner meal? The food is served with ZERO care, in Taco Bell style presentation. Slopped ingredients wrapped in bread, wrapped in foil. Next time you order a sandwich from this place, take a moment to open up your sandwich. Then open up your wallet. Do a side by side comparison. Both empty. Secondly, why, why, why is there only TWO sizes of smoothie? Way too big, and way too tiny. If you are concerned with your diet, why order a 'big-gulp' sized smoothie with more sugar than tub a of ice cream?Tropical Smoothie should take notes from some of the smaller shops in town and give their costumers something worth their money! Unfortunately the general public is blinded by their convenience enough to not care about quality. Big tropical bummer.
4	My friends & I always end up going to this location because it's 24/7. Most of the staff is friendly & greet us right away. They have a good selection of smoothies & food, but it is a little pricey. The smoothies run around $7, sandwiches & wraps I don't usually get because the smoothies fill me up. You can try the combos they have for a half sandwich & smoothie that will go around $10. The graveyard staff is cool,  they get our food & drinks pretty quick when we come in late. Thanks guys! See you again soon, around 3 or 4am haha
4	Open 24 hours!Combo special offer & happy hour:Packages: $6.99 & $9.99 Monday - Friday 4pm - 6pm: buy 1 get 1 50% I forget what I have.... update soon :)
4	I really like this place. In fact I have to admit I'm here at least once a week. I typically get one of the flat breads ($3.99 each). I think by far the best is the Chicken Pesto followed by the Mediterranean Veggie . The bistro sandwiches are great too. They make the food the way I would at home.As far as the smoothies, they are all really good tho I think Jamba Juice has a much better selection. My only complaint is they seem a bit on the pricey side, but hey I'm willing to pay more for quality. Sure beats Subway or Quiznos. They also have a happy hour where you can get for example buy one smoothie get one 50% off. Good deal really.
4	I'm not sure if there's even a point of rating a Tropical Smoothie. It's almost like rating Starbucks or McDonald's. In any case, I'm pitching in my two cents because I am still craving it from last night.First of all, this place is open 24 hours. I'm not sure how unique that is, but since this place is fairly close to my house, I now know of another great option for late night food/drink cravings. I've never had a bad smoothie at any Tropical Smoothie, and this location is no exception. It seems like it doesn't matter what I order, it always tastes incredibly refreshing and tasty. I can't say the same for other smoothie places I've tried.
4	Smoothies are good.
5	5 stars for healthy food that's open 24 hours. My favorites are the buffalo chicken wrap, TSC salad, and chicken pesto flatbread. This location always has great service and orders always come out quick.
4	I know nothing about nutrition and healthy dieting but I'm always conscience about my weight (gotta squeeze in my skinny jeans) and this joint just looks healthy, so this is the place I go to when avoiding junk fast food restaurants around the area.This one here is open 24hrs and a good fix for a protein shake after a good workout at LVAC.  Yea yea, I know LVAC has their own snack bar but sometimes you just have to mix it up once in a while or you'll get tired of the same thing.  So many smoothies to choose from and they're all a hit.  My favorite is the muscle blaster (strawberry banana protein shake), with an option of whey or soy protein.  I don't know the benefits of each one but protein is protein to me, but I choose soy just for the fact it has 3 more grams of protein than whey.Flat breads are ok but the caribbean luau (chicken w/ pineapple) is pretty good.  It has some barbeque'ish sauce with a hint of sweetness and spice all mixed in one.  The staff in any tropical smoothies have all been nothing but friendly and happy going.  I HATE GETTING BRAINFREEZE so sip your smoothy carefully.
5	Love his place!! Their chicken pesto and carribean lua flatbreads r amazing. Top it off with a lean machine smoothie for a nice refreshing energy boost! I eat hear at least twice a week minimum. Added bonus- free wifi and is open 24/7.
5	I used to have a couple friends who were assistant managers at a smoothie place back home. So the deal was...I bring them lunch & I get to run-a-muck behind the counter creating whatever type of Frankensteinish smoothie I could come up with.Needless to say I'm pretty jaded when it comes to smoothies. And, because of this, I'm not wild about forking over $7 to recreate these magic concoctions. The good news for me is that at Tropical Smoothie they have a couple of smoothies that are pretty close and the staff is amazingly patient with me and on 2 separate occasions have even said "wow, i've gotta try that some time!" (yea, I'm the Wolfgang Puck of smoothies.)Everybody here is very friendly, and this is my regular Smoothie joint.I love the menu, and the quality of the food you get for the price is amazing. Plus you get the added benefit of eating healthy.It's a trifecta, Good, Inexpensive, Healthy.I usually get the Island Combo with 1/2 a Bistro sandwich (The Wasabi Roast Beef is amazing) which is only $6.99. Or a whole Baja Chicken Flatbread combo with a smoothie for $7.99They also have 3 BOGO coupons in the Entertainment Book.Plus many locations, including this one are open 24 hours (drive-thru only late night), and features Free Wi-Fi.....trying to think of what trumps a trifecta........It's a Superfecta!It's rarely crowded, although when it is crowded I'm rarely complaining about waiting in line behind half a dozen girls in yoga pants.So let's just say I'm a fan. Tropical Smoothie is the only place I can get the smoothie I WANT and get freshly made food. And the staff at this location puts them over the top to 5 stars.
3	Pineapple & Orange one is a keeper, but it can be different each time. You've got to make sure they give you the requisite amount of Pineapple for this to be a winner. :)
5	It's the middle of the night, you're drunk, hungry & don't want fast food. You Yelp for a place and THIS IS THE PLACE TO GO! Smoothies, wraps, salads & sandwiches 24 hours a day! (FYI: They have another location on Las Vegas Blvd.)Jamba Juice? Juice It Up? Who the hell? They don't stand a chance against this smoothie place! This smoothie was actually smooth, go figure. I had the Sunrise Sunset smoothie, it contained strawberries, pineapples, mangoes and oranges. I also ordered a Thai chicken wrap which included chicken, wontons, carrots, sesame seeds, romaine lettuce, and Thai peanut dressing. and I don't know if it was because I was standing for 5 hours at a Lauryn Hill concert but both the smoothie and wrap was so damn good! It was so good, I google'd this place and found out that there's one ten minutes away from where I live. My life just got better!
5	Open 24hrs and the food seems pretty healthy.  Have had issues when ordering online, showing up and they knew the order came through but had no receipt or anything so I have to tell them what the order was again so they can make it on the spot.
4	Mulitple locations all over the Las Vegas area for you to get a smoothie and/or a sandwich, wrap or salad. This place reminds me a lot of Jamba Juice, but it also has the food. I usually get the Island Combo which is any smoothie and any sandwich, wrap or salad for about $10. Not bad for a lunch combo or even a snack after a workout. It's not a huge amount of food, but its somewhat healthy (depending on what food you get). I have been to different locations and the portion size can vary depending on who is making your wrap or salad. They do have a frequent visitor card where after the 10th smoothie you get one free. Also, if you are a member of Las Vegas Athletic Club (LVAC) you can get a 15% discount on your order.
3	this place has great smothies i love most of there stuff the blimy limy and the sunrise sunset are my favorite smothies. this place surves food and also a cool place to hang out.
5	My favorite location thus far!  This one is located in the Vons shopping center Rhodes Ranch.  FYI, for the shift-impaired (like me), they are now open 24 hours!The food and smoothies are always fresh, consistent, and delicious.  I usually order the Rockin' Raspberry smoothie (sweet, tart, refreshing) but have also tried the Blimey Limey (sweet, bitter=very limey), Sunrise Sunset (sweet yet mild), and the Blue Lagoon (sweet, tasty, but beware because the bits of blueberry skin will get caught in your teeth).   Only once in awhile will I order a Chicken Pesto grilled flatbread.  It's tasty, fulfilling, but somewhat plain.The employees at this location are all upbeat, intelligent, service-oriented and keep the cafe clean and well-functioning.If you are an LVAC member you receive a discount on each purchase.  Sign up online for their TropiDeals to receive a free smoothie during your birthday week as well as other promotions!
5	Love this place.Best smoothie place . Tons of healthy smoothies and healthy add ins . The meals are pretty good too , usually accompanied by fruit or chips .some tropical smoothies have drive thru and some are even 24 hours .
3	This place is very much average, as far as service goes. No one has ever been rude, but no one has ever been stand-out great either. The smoothies and food are pretty standard for your neighborhood Tropical Smoothie.
2	This location is clean and service is always pretty quick, however the customer service is pretty bad. In particular, there is a young girl with braces and dark hair that I always see texting, hear gossiping and see just standing around. Today she actually sat down in the customer eating area with a guy and yelled "can I leave now?" And another girl said back "in ten minutes." I just find that unprofessional and hope that this girl (who also was not wearing a name tag" will get proper discipline and actually work the next time I go in there.
1	HORRIBLE, HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. REVIEWS SHOW IT HAS BEEN DECLINING AS WELL...Today was free smoothie day-I should have known better... I work in the complex and am a regular customer. I order there several times a week. Today I walk in, place my order, probably one of the FEW people who actually PAID for my items today. My wrap was done in less than 5 minutes, awesome. HOWEVER, my smoothie took 20 minutes! People are coming in ordering their free smoothie and getting them instantly as they are pre-made. I, the PAYING customer had my order FORGOTTEN! After starring at the employees for almost 20 minutes someone finally asked what I was waiting for. When I told him, my order was RE-PLACED. After waiting another 5 minutes someone calls out the same smoothie as mine. AGAIN, it was for customers who ordered after I did initailly. When I FINALLY got my smoothie it was 3/4 of the way full and lots of ice had not gotten blended well, constantly getting stuck in my straw! I asked to speak to a manager and some young kid said he was the manager. What a JOKE! I asked for a business card for the owner and there was none. No way to get in contact with him, no number and he was out of the location. I was offered a "comment card" WTH is that?! I FEEL LIKE I WAS PUNISHED FOR BEING A PAYING CUSTOMER TODAY. AND, Whay's the point of getting your name when you order if they are only going to call out what you order and not your name? What if someone orders the same item or even at the same time? POORLY RAN LOCATION AND SERVICE.
1	I go to this tropical smoothie at least once a week if not more.  In fact, some of the people that work here already know my order before I order.  I love tropical smoothie, this location and the staff...but the owner?  Not so much. My foundation reached out to the owner to try and have a fundraiser where a certain percentage of proceeds would go back to our organization.  The response we received indicated that they only like to do fundraisers if they are sure the organization will bring them "above and beyond" their normal business.  What happened to holding a fundraiser to give back to the community and organization?  We have done fundraisers before and while the companies hope to bring new and/or more business, that isn't one of their requirements.  STRIKE ONE. On flip flop day, where they offer free smoothies to all customers wearing flip flops between 2pm and 7pm, they stopped handing out smoothies BEFORE 7.  The disclaimer wasn't for the first X amount of people or even until supplies last.  If they were running out of ingredients, the least they could have done was offer customers a "rain check" for a different visit.  I donated $5 for a key fob and went on my way, but this was STRIKE TWO. This past 4th of July, they sent a text message offer for $.99 sunrise sunsets after 3pm.  When I got there, there was a sign on the door indicating that they are not "accepting text messages anymore."  STRIKE THREE. If you're going to run a business where the parent company likes to hold various promotions and discounts, then all of the locations should participate, or the company should indicate that the promotion is only at "participating locations."  And if you want to limit how many people can take advantage of the promotion, then use the disclaimer "while supplies last."  Unless of course, you like disappointed customers.
1	Product: Overall, I'm very happy with the Tropical Smoothie Cafe. The smoothies are always made right and are they have good breakfast wraps.Service: Their service isn't horrible ....but... nothing spectacular for me to gush about. UPDATE on Service- 8/28/12- I went in to grab grub and a smoothie tonight . Sadly, I had the rudest cashier experience. The girl behind the counter acted like she was annoyed with taking my order, she didn't smile once, nor was she courteous in explaining the menu when I asked questions about it. I tried being chipper to see if it would improve the chicks piss poor attitude but I made zero progress. I understand that people might not like their jobs. But holy cow..... I feel that employees should display a personality that is somewhat helpful when a customer has a question. She was Rolling your eyes and sighing.... that isn't acceptable. After my order was placed, I then watched her sit behind the counter texting as her other coworkers (who were friendly) prepared my order. This will make me think twice about spending another dime here. Boo for poor service......
3	Who doesn't love smoothies?!! Yummmo! My favorite is the Sunrise Sunset but I do love their new guava smoothie as well~ you can ask for no sugar or Splenda if you're watching what you eat! My favorite wrap is the Popeye's Favorite wrap but I think they took that off the menu! BOOO! As for this particular location I love the fact that they are open 24hours but I wish they had a drive thru! I've noticed that the night shift employees are so much nicer than the day shifters! Especially the young Asian guy who works the graveyard shift, he's very hardworking! Don't forget to get a loyalty stamp card @ also do sign up for their free promotional texting program! They frequently send you BOGO offers~ YAY  !
1	First, the good part: the smoothie was good.  Now the bad part. We ordered a Chicken Caesar Wrap and a Turkey something wrap.  I have the same complaint the dressing is too watery.  I could literally (and I did) squeeze my wrap and out dripped all the dressing.  It was like squeezing a Capri Sun to put it in a cup and well thats not how I want my sandwich.  As such, both wraps lacked flavor because the dressing was now pooled on the sandwich wrapper.  It was not pleasing at all. Plus the service was not too friendly. I ordered a bottle of water in addition to my smoothie, and mistakenly thought they would give it to me.  Instead, when it was not delivered to me at my table I figured out I had to retrieve it from a warm food display.   This is Vegas and I really don't want to br drinking warm water with dinner.  I will not visit this place again.
5	A New favorite of mine since i have moved to Vegas.  I Always ask for NO TURBINADO and NO SPLENDA.    It makes the Smoothie much healthier and still tastes great.   I actually like the fact there is only one size and for just over 5$ its a great price.  Better than Jamba Juice. FAST, FRIENDLY, And all over Vegas as they just opened one across the street from the Cosmo on the Strip...
5	I love Tropical Smoothie.First of let me start by saying that the smoothies are delicious. I mean no matter what your taste is they have really good smoothies. Chocolate Banana my friend always gets and it is bomb...Although this place is a smoothie place I wasn't sucked in because of the smoothies the flat breads are AMAZING. The Chipotle Chicken Club is off the chain. I had never tried flat breads before but I have to say that I really do like them now.It was so full of flavor and MOIST..The actual store was very clean and organized. The staff was friendly the times I have been there. Service was speedy.
4	A healthier way to eat fast food, I would recommend this place over any other chain for a healthier life style.
4	At first I thought this place was a commercial hype because they are everywhere across the valley. However after a long light back home, nothing replenished my body like blue lagoon smoothie and king Caesar wrap. I go back frequently normally armed with BOGO coupons for weekend lunch. I try and not frequent too many chains in Vegas, but this is one exception!
4	Love tropical smoothie cafe. I don't come here often because I think they can be pricy but when I am in the mood for a great smoothie I come here. I love their smoothies that contain berries or their sunrise sunset, which is what I got last time. I like it because it doesn't have bananas (not a fan, I know you probably think I'm crazy and the only person you have heard of that doesn't like bananas). This smoothie contains Strawberries, Pineapple, Mango & Orange=yummy in my tummy! I recommend this smoothie out of all of them. :)They have new chicken and fish tacos that looked interesting-I hope to try them on my next visit since I wasn't hungry the last time I went.
1	I used to always go to this location for my smoothies during the day.I went there at night time, my experience was completely different and made me not want to go there anymore!! The bathroom had no paper towels, most tables were dirty (I had to ask the kid working there to come clean it, and he only cleaned my table and left the rest),kept  I ordered a salad, basically I had to take most of it out of my plate because the salad leafs were all disgusting!! I could not eat it after seeing all of that, so I took it back, the girl who took it back instead of apologizing, she was very rude!!! She went to the back to give me a new salad, but after what I saw and her attitude I didn't want to even eat there anymore, I just left!! I went to Jason's Deli where I had a much better salad and the people were really welcoming and nice!!
3	I have since been back to this establishment a few times without any problems. They have added a 'green smoothie' to their mix and that adds a few points in my book. They also have made my smoothies without all the sugar, when requested.   It's no Jamba Juice but it's a bit of alright.  I had to increase my rating to be fair...
4	It's a a fairly solid place to get a smoothie. I don't think I've ever gotten anything at a Tropical I dislike. I cant comment on food since I don't ever order them, but they carry salads and some flatbread sandwiches. I just go for smoothies. We were in the area since our friend was here and I was confused as to why the Tropical Smoothie was lit up and then I saw the neon sign saying it was a 24 hours and quickly bugged the BF to stop so I can get a kale lemonade. This is my kind of late night "junk food" which actually isn't terrible for you.Definitely a unique late night treat option. I don't know of any other one that is open all day and definitely the ones across town by my house are not. I wish they were. Since I'm down here late quite often now, I'm sure I will be back.
4	It's almost always clean, service goes between a 3 and a 4. Taste is consistent, and they almost 100% of the time get the order right. If not they fix it fast with no complaints.
1	Horrible customer service EVERY SINGLE TIME. Specially the young lady that works week mornings, wow, pretty amazing how rude and condescending she is. It's a shame.
4	Plenty of room in this place. Lots of tables, not only is there smoothies avalable but also food. They got free Wi fi and open 24hours. Clean, friendly and who doesn't love their smoothies.
5	I love this place! They're open 24 hours and it's right next to my house. The only down side is that there isn't a drive thru at this location. But that's just the lazy me speaking. I'm always stopping by here to get a smoothie when I get gas at Von's. They're pretty quick which is great. Staff is friendly and always reminding me about the VIP card. Don't forget to get one if you frequent Tropical Smoothie! You get a free smoothie for every 9 smoothie/food item purchases you make.
4	Quick.   24 hours.  Service isn't the best but its late night.  Don't expect a big smile, the health nut smoothie is the bomb!!
4	Love the smoothies here acai berry is simply posh. Had there veggie wrap and it was very tasty! Great snack spot!
4	My favorite stop after a long days work, I usually get a breakfast wrap & low calorie smoothie with no added sugar but I so 2 scoops of protein. I eat the wrap, throw the smoothie in the fridge, hit the gym and when I'm done drink the smoothie shower and bed. Perfect place for a busy guy like me. I'll always come back! Lol
5	Whenever I want tropical smoothie, I always find myself at this location. "Trop" has the best smoothies and you get a huge cup for only $5! My favorite blends areAcai Berry BoostPeaches n SilkSunrise SunsetChocolate chiller I have yet to try more of their smoothies. My review is based upon those smoothies only. I have not tried their food or their cookies so you're gonna have to see for yourself!
5	I love Tropical Smoothie. All their smoothies have a unique taste with all the different blends of fruit, but they're all good. My personal favorites are the Pomegranate Plunge, Acai Berry Boost. and Hawaiian breeze. Don't be afraid to experiment and try new things because they are all delicious.Their food is a little over priced in my opinion, so I don't usually order anything to eat.
5	I love Tropical Smoothie! My personal favs are promegrante plunge, acai berry boost, kiwi quencher. I also order king caesar wrap, salsa sunrise wrap and early bird junior. When I'm pressed for time I usually call to place my oder and it's wonderful to know that when I come to pick up that they know me by my name! Perfect place for healthy alternative!
5	This is my go to spot after work. The Buffalo chicken wrap and Island Green smoothie are a good choice for a light meal. Just tried their new cucumber mojito smoothie and it's pretty good. The staff here is always friendly and you can call in your order for pick-up. I love that it's open 24/7.
1	There are plenty of tropical smoothies in Vegas... Do yourself a favor and go to a different location... I went here for their happy hour deal... Buy one get another half off... I bought my smoothies and sat down.. As I was looking at my receipt I noticed that I was charged full price for each and when I asked the cashier if it was happy hour he said yes but you didn't ask for it when you ordered. I asked if he would adjust the price to correct the charge and he refused!! Shame on you tropical smoothie,, very bad business. This location happens to be the closest location to my house but I'll happily drive a little further to never give them my business again! And I will let everyone I know as well!
4	I go here at least twice a week and the staff is very friendly.
5	My favorite is the island green with extra kale! It is truly delicious and refreshing. If you're watching your calories then get it with Splenda. Since it is high in sodium and sugar I always add a multivitamin and fat burner supplement. For you Gym gurus they have a pea protein that I highly recommend. Favorite sandwiches would be the cranberry walnut chicken salad and the buffalo chicken wrap! Enjoy
4	Good wraps and great smoothies. Healthy choices are a great option too. I always get the chipotle club and jetty punch. Both are my favorites.
5	Nice and clean location with quick smoothie  makers! I love their smoothies, but they should really stop making food! It's worse than frozen Costco food. Acai Berry Boost has my heart right now, but if I'm feeling dangerous, Hawaiian breeze!
4	Island green my favorite smoothie! People are polite and place is always clean. The parking can be a pain, recommend not parking in front of the store as leaving can be a pain. We also ate the hummus veggie wrap and fake chicken.
5	This place is 24 hours and I usually come here with my boyfriend after he gets out of work. I'm stuck on UnBEETable.. Yummy!!!
4	I've been here quite a few times and have never experienced bad service ... or a bad smoothie for that matter. I can't speak on the food - though, I will update once I give it a try.So back home I would frequent Planet Smoothie for a quick breakfast or even a healthy "treat." Moving here, I've noticed that PS doesn't really exist here... insert Tropical Smoothie!They have a wide variety of flavors and add-ins (vitamins, protein..etc.) They use fresh fruit and juices as well!The smoothies are mixed great as well... not to runny and not too thick. The flavor is fantastic... not overly sugary or tart. The menu is pretty straight forward and good at describing the variety of smoothies offered... you can also customize your smoothie if you do not notice a blend that appeals to you.
5	I go here all the time (well I did when I still lived in Vegas) and they were never rude or anything. Except for this one bitch. She was white, glasses, pale, and a reddish brown hair color and at one point a dirty blond and always gave me a bitch look and kept staring at my boyfriend. One time I almost yelled, "can I f*cking help you?!" But I kept calm lol. Tony was always great! I remember him from my high school and he always made my smoothies perfectly!
