3	We order delivery from here and we love it.  Usually when we order Chinese delivery the food is mediocre, but here the food is pretty good.  Not only are their prices more than reasonable, their food comes hot and their fried options come crispy.  They don't skimp on serving size, so we always order the small options.  Although their sweet & sour chicken and pork is the stereotypical radioactive red sauce and over-battered meat, it's still good.  Who doesn't like that kind of crap once in awhile?As for their other menu items, everything is good to go.  My husband digs their egg foo yong a lot and I love their beef with broccoli.  We ordered six dishes for 30 bucks, and they don't have a delivery charge, so we tip generously.Great service, great food for a lazy night.  I can't say that I'm a fan because it's not something I'll order every week, but it's decent chinese food in the west side.
4	We always order delivery from here.  The service is prompt and nice and the food is great.  If the delivery is this good then I must stop by and dine in sometime.Great food, great prices, great service.  Not your average Asian food spot.
5	A friend of ours introduced us to this restaurant less than 2 months ago and it has become a staple in our home. We order from there at least once a week or every other week, and on occasion 1-2 times a week. My wife is addicted to the Crab Cream Cheese Rangoons, and we both LOVE the Egg drop soup. She always gets the Chicken Fried rice, which is awesome both in price and taste. I do not really recommend the sweet/sour pork/chicken but it may be that I am just not a fan of that item at any Chinese place. The other reviewer on here described it right. We are actually going there for some take out tonight! The drivers and the lady that works the register and takes phone orders is super sweet and she knows my wife by face and voice, it's really welcoming to have that with a restaurant.
4	Tried this place for the first time last nite and looooooved it...i was starving and for a low price I was fill to the point of excessive breathing(lol)...im waiting on another delivery now
5	We get takeout at least once a week from chop chop wok and my kids love it,,,,they choose it over Panda Express which is great cuz its less expensive  and tastes better!!!!!!
5	This was our first time ordering from CCW and it was delicious!  I have been looking for a good Chinese place for years, and this one delivered...literally. We had the war won ton soup, sesame chicken, beef with broccoli and shrimp with snow peas and everything was delivered hot and delicious. It was also great to get the order we actually placed! Can't wait to try it again
5	The food was so delicious! I loved the Mongolian beef! It was really good! Got a vegetable eggroll and an extra cream cheese ragoon. Well food here was super and really good! Can't say nothing more!
5	Amazing food, we didnt realize how much food they actually give you, it is crazy.  The large is LARGE!!!  Really good food for the price, we had the brocolli beef and kung pao chicken with the BBQ prk fried rice.  Definitely the place to go.  Eggrolls were just okay, but everything else awesome!
3	Found this little place here on yelp. Its a tiny place in a strip mall but always seems to have people picking up orders. The pork fried rice is yummy and so is the cashew chicken. I also like the crab rangoons, but other then that I'm not a die hard fan. Its a great place for a late night Chinese food fix. Decent inside although I'm not a fan of not being able to see into the kitchen at all! So when I'm on that side of town and i feel like having some rice Ill stop by but I don't think I would drive out of my way for it.
5	Wonderful service and delicious food. Curry Beef is great with just the right amount of spice. Crab Rangoon is a great starter. Try the pork fried rice. It's great, I promise. I will keep going back to Chop Chop Wok in the future. Probably next week
3	This should definitely be rounded up to 3.5 stars mainly because of the $5 lunch deals from 11-2:30 during the week. They have plenty to choose from and the meals are actually really large and come with your choice of soup(egg drop or hot and sour) or a soda and then a spring roll or crab rangoon. All of that for $5? SIGN ME UP!The food itself is typical American Chinese and isn't anything special. But when you are looking to grab something quick(my food was ordered and ready within 5 minutes) and tasty I'm not looking for something fine dining. Chop Chop Wok is tasty and makes my craving for Chinese dissipate. Yum
4	We found this place on Yelp when looking for a new place to try near our dry cleaner. My wife got the broiled eel combo plate, and I got the Mongolian beef combo plate. Both were quite good and very reasonably priced.
4	A+ !! Great friendly service! and my golly are the portions HUGE! and the price is RIGHT! lunch specials are super cheap and worth every penny spent. I am definitely a fan (:
5	We are regulars. I got nothing bad to say about them.  Great service, They always nice. The food is great and always fresh. The place is small and the decoration is not so fancy but  we usually carry out.  If you like spicy food their Mongolian beef, my favorite, is a must.
5	I eat chinese a lot and whenever I am on business trip, I always try chinese.  Now this is what Chinese food should be! top notch! I tried their hot and sour and chicken with garlin sauce.  it is by far the best chicken with garlic sauce ever.  i am definitely going back there tomorrow.
3	There Mu Shu Chicken is alright with me!!!!!
4	Discovered this little place in the back corner of a strip mall near the freeway. The food is great and very delicious and they prepare it very quickly. They serve both Chinese and Japanese fare and the price is comparable to other restaurants in the area. My favorite dish here is the mein fun which uses the very thin rice noodles, similar to the kind used in traditional Filipino pancit, and no matter which protein y get with it, it all tastes very good. The war wonton soup does not disappoint either!
4	We were looking for a nearby Chinese restaurant - having gone through all the very local ones.  This is a little further than what we were looking for, but the food and the price made it worthwhile.  Everything we got was better than average (except the egg rolls - which were spring rolls, pretty good - but not egg rolls).  We ordered a large pork lo mein, a large chicken lo mein, a large Mongolian beef, a large General Tao's chicken, 1 order (of 3) egg rolls, 2 large war wonton soup.  The total bill was less than $50.  The lo mein was among the best I've had in Vegas.  Everything else was very good.
1	You decide.  I bought take out last night.  Ordered 4 main courses, two fried rice, and one noodles.  Called them when I got home to make DOUBLE SURE that they did not use peanuts in their cooking of those items.  I was told they did NOT. This morning is the day after our hospital EMERGENCY room trip 20 minutes into the meal, my husbands throat was swelling closed and it could have been fatal.  Yes, he's allergic to peanuts. Yes, we verified that there were no peanuts used, I was told 'we don't use peanuts'. Obviously we were misinformed by management.  We will not be back.
4	Good stuff
4	Great lunch prices. Service is always fast and friendly. And the food is tasty.
5	My favorite Chinese takeout restaurant in Las Vegas. The food here is great and always fast. The lunch combos are an amazing deal. I have been visiting this restaurant for over 5 years and the owners are just as friendly and the food is just as good as the first time.
5	Fantastic cheap Chinese food. I always have them deliver and I'm never disappointed. Plan on delivery times of between 45-60 minutes.
2	What is it about Las Vegas and its lack of good Chinese takeout? Are there cosmic Asian forces at work that keep finger-licking Kung Pao chicken or delectable broccoli beef far way from our boozy, desert collective, or are all the solid Chinese chefs locked in at proper sit-down restaurants on the Strip? Regardless of why the sleeping dragon of delicious Chinese takeout has never awoken in our little corner of the Mojave, I had high hopes for Chop Chop Wok.Reading the reviews here on Yelp convinced me - dare I say - that might have finally found THE spot. You know, the kind of solid New York City-style takeout joint whose Mongolian beef melts in the mouth. Where the sweet-and-sour chicken is a stack of crunchy, honeyed bonbons of poultry goodness. Where the rice sucks you down into pillowy rivers of starch so delicious that you never want to come up for air.Man, did I have another thing coming.Chop Chop Wok, unfortunately, is like a lot of neighborhood Chinese takeout joints here in Vegas: That is to say, it's run by a small coterie of smiling, accommodating folks ... who haven't the slightest idea how to turn out tasty dishes that trace their roots far back into the misty history of the Middle Kingdom.Which is a shame, because the folks at Chop Chop Wok ARE friendly. They provide stellar customer service. It's just that once you get your coveted, white-paper takeout boxes home and dive inside you realize you'd have gotten closer to great Chinese takeout had you just gone to middle America's favorite, P.F. Chang's. We tried a variety of dishes, but everything from the egg rolls to the crab rangoons to the beef and chicken dishes disappointed. We're sorry, Chop Chop Wok. You're a bunch of truly nice people. But for those of us who've managed to find great Chinese takeout from Manhattan to the Midwest, we were hoping for so much more.
4	Solid Chinese take out grub-a-dub-dub.  And they include duck sauce with your order!!  My friends and I were beginning to think this was an East coast phenomenon, as it isn't standard issue in Vegas.  They offer generous lunch specials that are also applicable to the take out menu.  Portion sizes are nice and the food is not as greasy as most take out Chinese.  To date I've only ordered take out, and all of my experiences have been fast and efficient.
5	Absolutely love it here! They're egg drop soup is delicious and the owners are the friendliest, most courteous people you will ever meet, always on time when they deliver, highly recommend them, great food and great service, what more do you want! LOL
5	Good food, nice attitude, tasty
3	While sick at home recently I was feeling some Chinese food. I had recently received a flier for Chop Chop Wok so I thought I would check it out for lunch. The price was right. $4.95 or soup, an egg roll, fried rice, and an entree. And it was a lot of food. I brought home leftovers. I ordered orange chicken. It was very citrusy and not in the way I am used to (Panda Express). This had orange rind right in the dish. It was good but not what I usually care for. The rice was so brown from all the soy sauce used in its preparation. It was to salty for my liking. The egg roll was good and very flakey but I like to have a sauce with my egg rolls. The best part was the soup. A nice sized bowl of egg drop soup. Can't go wrong there. This is not my favorite Chinese place to eat but it is close and there is pleanty of food still left to try on the menu. I'll be back.
5	Great food for a good price. We eat there once a month.
4	The dinning area looks like a dump and appears more like the back of  a low class medical center(white medical style tiles) but dont let that scare you.They are serving some great Chinese Food and even some above average Sushi.We shared the Godzilla Roll and it was delicious.  Not a lot of rice filer and the spicy tuna was fresh and flavorful.For my dinner I had the shrimp Lo Mien and asked for it to be a little spicy. It was awesome but could have used a few more shrimp and vegetables. Still think its in my top two or three for Lo Mien in VegasThe daughter loved her beef broccoli and is looking forward to leftovers tomorrow night.If you live near by its worth the stop in.
4	Went there a couple of nights ago. Decided to dine in. They seemed pretty busy with take out and delivery and so the service was a little slow. The lady who worked there, owner?, was very friendly and the food was very good. I thought it was better than average American-Chinese places. Portions were big and they used lots of fresh vegetables.Lately, I have seen some small local restaurants, that have only one person taking care of everything: answering the phone, taking take out orders, and acting as a server (bring out food, filling up drinks, etc.). I don't understand why they insist in offering service for dine-in. I wish they would opt out of that and let customers order at the register. That would make things so much easier and faster. In addition, customers wouldn't have to wait forever just for the menus to come out or to get a refill. Just an idea...
3	The BF and I took some food home after running errands in the area. Plus that they do lunch specials, but also a special combo meal available all day of a dish + fried rice + eggroll and rangoon. I got their mongolian beef which was pretty good. It was tender and the sauce was nice on it. The BF general tso didn't fare as well though. The sauce was rather thick, almost gelatinous so the texture was a put off for him and so he ate some of my food instead. The fried rice that came with it was decent and was not overly greasy, eggroll and rangoon was standard and crunchy even though it traveled home. I would say like any take out, there is hit/miss but with these prices I'd say to give it a try and navigate some of the recommendations on other reviews.
1	Bland food
5	just updating my review... we still love this place, the lady knows us, always is super accomadating when I ask for extra garlic sauce for dipping and to put on my rice, always makes the Mongolian beef xtra hot for my 13yr.old and just is generally sooooo nice.
4	So I decided to come try chop chop wok. This place was actually better than I anticipated. I ordered the mongolian beef. The beef was very flavorful and tad bit spicy. But spicy is always good in my book. The portion size for the price is good. The staff here is very nice and helpful in helping you decide if you have never been here before. I really didnt like that my mongolian beef had way to much onions and not much beef.  I give this place a solid 4 stars. I enjoyed my food but had to dig for my beef in a forest of onions and serrano peppers.
5	Hands down one of the best Chinese restaurants in vegas. The price, the food quality and portions are hard to beat.
4	I will be honest...I was skeptical when I picked the place. The menu, appearance and feel of the place is pretty much like every other stripmall asian style fast food restaurant in town. The service however was not average. I was greeted quickly and with a smile and heartfelt "How are we doing tonight?"  She was able to answer all of my questions regarding the dishes I was considering and didn't even have to look at the menu for help.the food was steaming hot, fresh and was out in record time as well. What the place lacks in decor and ambiance, it more than makes up for in service, quality and cost!I've been vack twice already with the same results...I'm pretty sure they will be recognizing my voice on the phone soon as I plan on making this place a keeper!
5	Great Chinese very fresh and tasty, quick simple and cheap.  I was impressed with quality and price, value is huge here!    I like a place that gives you a crab rangoon, and egg roll with your meal for free, tasty stuff.  HIghly recommended.!
5	$3 for a large chicken fried rice!BTW, my favorite dish is the Curry Chicken, extra spicy.First off, this is a GREAT neighborhood Chinese take out place.  This is not supposed to be the end-all, be-all of Chinese take out.  The quality is consistent (we all really want is predictability with our food, c'mon, admit it...) and good.  The protein dishes don't scrimp on the protein and the noodle dishes are done the way I think they should be done.  Since I mentioned the chicken fried rice at the start, I always order some when I order a main dish.  Kudos to Jenny who learned my name & phone voice after ordering 2 or 3 times.  She would do wonders for any business as their PR person.  What a memory for names & faces (and orders!).Around dinner time, there are many patrons eating in the little restaurant and a constant stream of others, picking up their food.For the money, I haven't yet found a place as good as Chop Chop Wok.  Give it a try!
4	Had Saturday lunch at Chop Chop Wok.  They do not have the Lunch Specials on Saturday or Sunday, only the weekdays, but they still have the combo specials for $6.50.  I had the Kung Pao Chicken and it came with fried rice or lo mein, egg roll and ragoon.  I got the lo mein and the Kung Pao was great, lo mein really good and the ragoon was the best I have had.  I will be going back to try their curry chicken. They have a large menu, food was great and prices were lower than surrounding chinese food places.
5	THE BEST!!! Always fresh hot and delicious!  Fast and friendly even when they deliver.  One of our FAVORITE places to eat in ALL of Las Vegas!!
5	Awesome lunch specials, 4.95 and it's authentic chinese food!!! Love it!
3	3 1/2 stars for this place!Due to the Las Vegas summer heat killin' my brain, I'm gonna try to keep this one short today.  All I can say is...$2.99 special for an order of chicken fried rice!  Deal!Yes, and this chicken fried rice from Chop Chop Wok is pretty killer.  So good!  Theirs has a genuine 'fried' taste to it and I'm pretty sure the chicken is marinated.  Goes great with a side of kim chee and an ice cold beer.  Complete meal!Chop Chop Wok is located close to my home, and has some of the better Chinese food in my area.  This place is more for take out, so don't bring a party of 50 or more!  All they have for seating is several small tables and a few tables that sit between 4-6 people.  Chop Chop Wok is definitely a small Mom & Pop type joint.  And with just the one nice lady running the entire front area, it is such.  We all know these little hole-in-the-wall places can offer up some good eats!The menu at Chop Chop Wok is a mix of Chinese and Japanese.  Everything from rice and noodles is available, even the usual suspects of Mongolian Beef, Egg Foo Young, and Kung Pao Chicken are there.  Chop Chop Wok goes above and beyond by also including some Japanese flair, sushi rolls are available as well as bentos!  There are weekday specials that start at $4.95, saving you some cash for your stash.  For that small amount of change you get soup, an entree, fried rice, and an egg roll.  Not bad!  They also offer combo plates for just south of $7.  You can get out of Chop Chop Wok with a fully belly and a still full wallet!I'll have to be honest, I haven't tried much on the Chop Chop Wok menu.  Mainly because my usual stop is there for the $2.99 special chicken fried rice for a snack!  But I've seen many of the dishes come out of the kitchen for eat-in patrons and it does look fresh and tasty.  Nothing sitting in a buffet tray under a heat lamp!  I've heard folks eating here say that the food is pretty good, and the prices are good as well.  I promise to try more stuff here soon!  Until then the cheap chicken fried rice will be calling my name.Chop Chop = Cheap Cheap
4	My wife called me and ask if I know any Chinese's restaurant on her way home from work. I looked in Yelp and found Chop Chop Wok. When she came home she had lots of good food to eat. She told me she order the family meal which was about $25.00. It came with soup, three main courses, rice and egg rolls. The food was really good the next time we are in the mood for Chinese's food we will head to Chop Chop Wok
3	I really was hopeful this place was going to be good. Sadly, my assessment of Chinese food in Las Vegas remains unwavering. Granted, I'm a native San Franciscan who grew up with Mandarin, Szechwan, and Cantonese restaurants all within a few blocks of each other. The Vegas Chinese food scene continues to bore and disappoint at any price point. Yawn. Like I said I really wanted to like this place. The owner is so nice and really trying hard to make a go of it. The prices are ridiculously low. I walked out with 7 pounds of food for $22. 3 large entrees and steamed rice. For value, you get a lot for a little $. I felt guilty paying so little so I tipped her well. Sweet and sour pork. Bleh. Obviously frozen pork, cheap voluminous breading and anemic peppers on the side. Pass.Chicken fried rice. The clear winner. Inexpensive and would order again. Szechwan garlic chicken. Looked better than it tasted. Broccoli frozen prior to cooking, garlic non existent, and the sauce was more tasteless than Panda Express (the King of spewy Chinese food in my snobby opinion). No dim sum to be seen. Too bad. I'll just book my flight to SFO and head to the Richmond District or Chinatown the next time I have a hankering for good Chinese. :(
4	Great little place. Great service. Inexpensive. Great food. Even delivers. Mine & my husbands new favorite little find.
5	Great Food they can even make dishes New York style.  Prices are great and big portions plus they have discount coupons for take out or eat in,  Ask for Tony as your waiter he will get your dish the way you want it abd without a long wait.
5	I have eaten at numerous chinese restaurants in my 32 years, and this is by far the best I have had... Kudos to the cook!
4	Sooo... I love love love this place. But. They raised their prices! Boooo! Lunch 5.35 and dinner 6.95 (almost $7, more than Panda Express). I am loyal tho but they raise it again, it will start burning a hole in my pocket.
5	If you are looking for great Chinese food and for a more than decent price, you have found thee spot! I literally lived out of this place when I was living on my own. The main girl that is up front is the sweetest person ever and I never have any problems with my order. I'm kind of picky and I always ask to replace my rice with steamed broccoli and most places always give me the run around, say they don't do that or tell me its going to cost extra (which makes not sense considering its easier to steam broccoli then it is to fry rice). Anyways, by now they know me and I always order orange chicken w/ steamed broccoli. The best part about it is it's never soaked in all the juices that come with your food and it's actually made like no other Chinese place I've seen here in Las Vegas. The restaurant decor isn't to die for, but I really love it and think it's a cute, little "hole in the wall" place that everyone should definitely try out. They also make sushi and better then some actually sushi restaurants in Las Vegas. Overall I always walk out with the correct order, a smile on my face and I'm always suggesting this place to anyone that asks for a great Chinese restaurant
4	Just moved over to the area  and our other local Chinese food place no longer are able to deliver to us...so went on yelp and saw a few reviews....called and spoke to a very nice man named Leo. He took our order and I asked him if they had any coupons if you spend a certain $$ amount do you guys give any extra(s) such as an extra spring roll(s) or crab ran goons, which are my favorite hehe, he said that it didn't apply to the family dinner option we ordered.... But when we received our order he had added a couple extra In there. Nice touch, for our first time.. Don't expect it every time of coarse but could see he wanted to earn our business .. Def will call them for our next time...... ;) wanted to try a couple other places in the area too...but will be back here food was good and hot and yummy ;)
2	It pains me to drop Chop Chop Wok a star but after what I saw in there the other night, I have no choice.  Quite simply put, I was worried while waiting for my food.  I did not notice when I first walked in that the place was filthy.  Half of the tables were unwashed.  One had a high chair that a baby had been sitting in and it showed.  There was food all over the place. Tables and floors alike.  Another table still had old dried up rice all over it and a wiping rag just sitting there.  Tables don't wipe themselves.  To top it off there was a man working on the beverage fridge.  Thats fine right?  Wrong.  He was crawling up underneath it and using an acetylene torch.  I could smell it every time he sparked it on and I could hear loud pops every time he turned it off.  It was crazy.  This flame in such a small area was getting very close to the 2-liter bottles stored back there.  It was kind of scary.  I thought the place was going to blow up.  It seems inappropriate to be using a torch during dinner hours and so close to the dining room.  As for the food, I ordered from the Japanese side for a change.  A chicken katsu bento box with white rice, a salad and fried shumai.  The shumai threw me.  I would expect gyoza in a bento box faster than I would shumai.  Don't get me wrong.  The shumai was fine.  Just not what I would expect.  The katsu was superbly crispy.  I with there was more of it.  And more of the sauce would have been nice too.  As for the salad.  The "ice" in the iceberg lettuce must have melted because that salad of nothing but iceberg lettuce was floating in a pool of water.  Luckily I did not go in there for a salad so I was not sorely disappointed.  I don't know if or when I will be back to Chop Chop Wok.  I do like there food more often than not but after what I saw while waiting 20+ minutes for take out, I'm not sure how they have an "A" rating.  I may give it some time and check them out at a later date.  I need to see if they drop a letter or two.  I do sincerely hope they clean up their act and restaurant soon.
5	So as reasonable Chinese take out goes I love this place. Food is prepared well, it is flavorful and extremely reasonable! I would go here over the chains i.e. China a Go Go, China Joe's etc any day. Also i love that this appears to be a family run business and they are very nice. I wish however that they had an eggplant dish but nonetheless i would still opt to go here!OK so apparently I started this review a year ago, but I would like to add that nothing has changed over the past year I have come here numerous times. Kind of funny and yet creepy but my name must pop up in their computer when I call because they know my name (think "Norm" from Cheers - and yes I realize I am dating myself). The place to go if you are craving cheap Chinese food in the northwest. Not authentic Chinese but your typical Kung Pao, Sweet and Sour Chinese style, which has its place in the world too.
4	this is The place for go to Chinese lunch. I will pick this restaurant over Panda Express any day! The lunch special include either a soup (hot & sour or egg drop) or a can soda for around $6+ ?? Well worth it
5	Delicious and cheap with a super friendly staff. Food takes no time to get to your table, and they literally have the most delicious crab rangoons in the universe. I also really like the French fries and chicken nuggets, which are weirdly great for a Chinese restaurant. Faaaaaabulous.
1	I got some sushi from here and it was horrible!! It was filled with little fish bones throughout the entire two rolls I purchased!! Don't bother buying sushi from here!!
5	The best Chinese food in Las vegas!! I am so happy to have found this place. You will not regret eating here at all. Don't let the little spot fool you, their food is full of flavors and the best part is that it's not greasy!!! Love it!!!
5	When reading reviews for everywhere, there will be good reviews as well as bad. For a small, family owned spot with reasonable prices, I don't expect the tables to be sparkling or the floor to be  so clean you could eat off of it. I expect friendly faces, great customer service and a "thank you". I get exactly what I expect each and every time I go there. Keep in mind this is a take out spot, if you dine in, you may not have a waitress, just someone to check in once and a while, especially if they're busy. Great Chinese food, great prices, great people.
5	I've been meaning to write this review for sometime. Since we eat here all the time. Seriously like once a week. I've liked everything I've had. There combos are a fantastic value and they're very kind and courteous. This isn't blow your mind spring mountain Asian cuisine but this is our go to for suburban take out and that's exactly what it is.
3	I used to love chop chop wok. I used to recommend it to all my friends. It used to get 5 stars in my opinion.  Over time, it has lost my appeal. The quality has diminished.  I really love sesame chicken and theirs used to be so good.  On several occasions, it was dry and hard.  I also hate spring rolls.  But it did have a good price with decent portions.  I have quit going, but it still deserves 3 stars for their combo platters.  Good fried rice
4	Looking for decent Chinese takeout?? You've found it here. The fried rice has always been good,  (I'm partial to the Chicken and Pork Fried Rice). Sweet and Sour Chicken, Cashew Chicken, BBQ Lo Mein, BBQ Pork Chop Suey, and Wor Won Ton Soup....all winners. The crab rang goons are pretty good too. Prices are good, and it's way better than Panda. The staff here is very friendly, and always working with smiles on their faces. The place is located at the back of the shopping center past Olive Garden, sitting next door to One Love Vapors. I've learned that you have to take reviews with a grain of salt...like you do with everything else in life, and you can't always believe everything you read, so ultimately you have to take some risks...this place is worth it.
5	The food here is awesome, and the price is unbeatable! The owners are very nice too. There's very limited seating so I'd recommend ordering food to-go. The best value is definitely the lunch special. It's less than $6 for a styrofoam container FULL of the entree and rice; also included was a bowl of soup and eggroll. Less expensive, better quality, and way more food for your money than some place like Panda Express. I highly recommend this place!
5	This was my 4th time coming here and it was good every time with a great price portions are well over satisfactory. I ordered beef and broccoli my girlfriend got orange chicken both were fresh the broccoli was not soggy or over cooked like most places the orange chicken had great flavor and moist less batter and more chicken how it should be.
5	Currently this is my favorite Chinese restaurant in the area. The portions are generous and the food is amazing.  Unlike some other restaurants, the mongolian beef here was seared and tender and was not full of chewy grizzle.  The kung pao chicken was also very good and came with a lot of crunchy peanuts on top instead of being mixed in and soft. The  woman who took our order at the counter was also very nice. Way to go Chop Chop Wok!!
4	I was surprised to find this place so good. The restaurant itself was small, but the food was pretty good for the price. We had the salmon and an eel sushi box, while a friend of ours had the teriyaki shrimp. For an appetizer we had an order of crab rangoon and it was pretty yummy.
5	First off store front is very traditional storefront/ interior. They have a assortment of food Chinese to Japanese . If you get tired of China a go go like mentioned below you MUST !! TRY THIS. The order : Crab Rangoon, hot and sour soup, Philadelphia roll General Tso's Chicken and Pork Fried rice all small portions at 28 !!!! When she told me the price I was like really all that for under 30 bucks ! Crab Rangoon -- If not the best I have had to date, lightly deep fried honestly I couldn't even tell it was put in a fryer no resemblance of fryer oil nor smell. This is honestly really really good. (5 pieces give or take ) Hot and sour soup -- nice mix of shredded beef, egg, bamboo shoots not too spicy nor not to mild also they give little fried crisp that again not waited in fryer oil or greasy. Very good soup. Phili roll -- amazingly good high quality sushi rice everything worked real nicely. General Tso -- I normally get this to test out Chinese food places because I have seen so many ways / sauces that go on it i.e. brown sauce, or red sauce.  This was been my fav so far I haven't had this good since living in Washington State. For small portion is actually quite large see pics also comes with white rice. The sauce is a mixture of brownish redish color with medium heat index to it witch is nice cause sometimes it can be done over baring heat. I will strictly return for this dish as its one of my favorites. Pork fried rice-- its above your average fried rice dishes. The rice again is quality normally you might get hard rice and under-cooked witch I have gotten from some places before. This was really good nice mix of meat,rice, veggies.  Again the ticket price for food was the shocking part 28 dollar for all this food, I still can't believe it. The portion size for small is well enough for 1-2 people to eat and maybe have left overs. I seen there menu for Japanese food I am hoping the Gyoza , and miso soup are amazing if so you def. have my business. There sushi prices are amazing I think the most expensive sushi roll was 15$ DO NOT LET THIS PLACE MISS LEAD YOU FROM THE OUTSIDE TRY IT !Side note this place can only get better if they started offering dessert menu. i.e. green tea ice cream, mango etc.. I think that would put this place over the top.
4	I decided to go again at it. I have a reason for only my 4 stars this time.The order : hot and sour soup small $1.50, pan fried dumplings$4.95 ish and a order general tso chicken $ i think it was 5.95 and also they do carry 2 liter and can drinks for delivery I didn't know this before hand. Hot and sour - great as always and one heck of a value at $1.50 Pan Fried Dumplings- really good I can taste a little ginger or something I couldn't point out but really good same with sauce.General Tso' Chicken - always cooked to perfection however this time it was heavily garlic tasting I am Italian so I can handle garlic, but to some people that might be considered way tooo much. The first time I got it, it was amazing like this time it was crispy etc.. however just sightly overly garlic I will be back and back even with this small thing, the food is always good here. I don't like recommending places off of one visit but this is a second time and the food quality is really great. And to correct my over stated dessert menu they do serve some type of donuts ? I am not sure what kind will probably try next time. They should put on there website that they carry 2 liter or can products because there online menu at there website doesn't mention any drink products.
4	I'm a fan of mom and pop shops that may appear sketchy on the outside (and the inside.) You'll never know what pleasant hidden gems you may find unless you give them a try. We went based on the sheer fact that they were open later than most Chinese restaurants in the area. The antiquated blue interior was uneasy on the eyes, but it was clean. They have great combo specials served all day for $6.95. Not a bad deal at all! This is a great spot for lunch and dinner at bargain prices. You can also choose your entree size: small (under $6) or large (under $10). They offer generous portions, so we would try small next time. The good:Crab Rangoon $4.25 - 6 large pieces of crispy golden fried wontons stuffed with cream cheese. Very addicting! We enjoyed it with their sweet and sour sauce. 5/5Hot and sour soup - we ordered a small $1.60 and it was piping hot and the perfect size to share. Great flavor! 5/5Moo shu pork served with eggroll wrappers and hoisen sauce - we ordered a large $8.25 and it was a very generous serving. It had mushrooms, cabbage, pork, and bamboo shoots. It was a great version and we really enjoyed this flavorful dish. 5/5The bad:Sweet and sour pork - ok, so we definitely took the wrong step with this dish. We ordered a large $8.25 and although the portion was massive, each pork morsel had way too much breading. Just imagine the dough on corn dogs...each pork was excessively covered in thick dough. Way too filling, in a bad way. It was bland as well, so we added salt to the sauce and it helped. Also, they barely gave us any vegetables and pineapple, so overall it wasn't a balanced dish. Nope I wouldn't order it again, it was poorly executed. 1/5
5	I have eaten all over town, by far this is my ultimate favorite Chinese food. They have great price for weekday lunch specials and their hot & sour soup is aaaawesoooome! There not a single dish that I have a complaint about, no kid. Also their fried rice are cheap and it's a huge order. The staff is great, say "hi" to Jenny for me. Try it, you won't regret finding this place.
5	This place is a great hidden gem. I came in with a specific to go order with a few special requests and the clerk who helped me was awesome, not only was he helpful but didn't seem the least flustered. I certainly appreciate great service, as to the food, it was great.Mongolian beef: great flavor, nice amount of heat but not overwhelming. The dish does have a lot of vegetables like other reviewers mentioned but that's not a huge deal for me, especially since they were cooked well and added to the flavor.Sweet and sour pork: I wasn't really used to seeing the sauce on the side, but that won't deter me from ordering again. When dipped into the sauce it all came together well and it lets you add as much or as little as you like. It also has the added bonus of not making the breading soggy.Hot and sour soup: lives up to its name in a good way, a flavorful broth with a nice ratio of tofu, mushrooms and pork.Egg flower soup: I'm not a fan of this in general so I skipped it, but my wife enjoyed it.Pork fried rice: one of the best I've ever had, not over loaded with vegetable and full of big chunks pork in every bite.The bottom line, try it for yourself but I have found my new go to spot for Chinese take out.
3	The one thing we need in Vegas is better Chinese food delivery.  It's hard to find good Chinese food, unless you live near at Chinatown.  We were craving Chinese but were too lazy to drive, so we turned to yelp to find the best delivery in our area.  The food here was pretty good.  Menu seems simple.  Delivery was fast.  We ordered 4 dishes which came out to $37.  Portions were huge.  The orange chicken was the best thing we ordered.  Big chunks of chicken that was seasoned and cooked well.The kung pao chicken was okay.  Huge portion but a tiny amount of meat.  It was basically kung pao veggies.The Mongolian beef was okay.  Same problem.  Very little meat buried in a huge pile of onions.  The last dish was a thin white noodle dish in a clear sauce.  This would've been better but the noodles were soggy. Maybe next time I'll pay extra and ask for double protein.
4	We were in town for vacation with a group of 20 ppl.  One started getting ill and by the time half of us had, we figured we needed the cure all "Wonton Soup",  LoMein with Beef, Chicken Fried Rice, Chicken with Broccoli, Crab Puffs and Potstickers.  This was the only place we found on Yelp that we could actually read the menu.  It also offered family sized pans and was very reasonable.  We drove the 25 minutes to find it and our order was ready.   Soup was more like Special Wonton and LoMein and other dishes above were all very good.  Staff was a little sparse on Sweet n Sour Sauce, but we weren't feeling well so didn't feel like asking for more.  The food was really very tasty; worth the drive and heated up leftovers were very good too.   For 20 ppl our order was about $128.00.  Good price, taste and quality.  Glad we found it.
5	I have lived all over the U.S. and this is one of the best Chinese restaurants I have EVER found. It is definitely the best I have run across in Las Vegas! The one dish that I rate Chinese restaurants by is egg drop soup. They do it perfectly at Chop  Chop Wok. There is a very clean taste to the chicken broth. Peas, carrots, and corn are also added. The workers are friendly and prompt with service. We also order home delivery which is also very prompt. Some of my favorite dishes are their General Tso Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and Shrimp Fried Rice. Prices are very low for the quality of the food. I am so happy this restaurant is in my neighborhood!
1	Has to be the worst Chinese delivery ever! Took over an hour and half to get three orders when she initially said 30 minutes. I wish that was the only problem but once we opened the boxes my Mongolian beef was a plate of onions and green pepper, the fried rice had some indistinguishable meat and the portions are tiny. Hate to give a local business one star but people need to know before wasting their money on this joint.
1	Umm...so I just ordered Mongolian Beef, but instead I got an order of Mongolian Peppers and Onions. Boo this place and it's reluctancy to use the cheap slices of beef that I crave when ordering greasy Chinese food.
4	So I've been here alot. And I do always order the same food and drink. They will remember you, to a fault. Today I walked in without my partner and they  said ,"alone", yes, suddenly I felt like Katherine Hiegel in 27 dresses. The bathroom is not great but its clean enough. The food is fresh and hot never disappointments. Bottom line eat here.The Lady recommends it.
5	I get the Chinese donuts. I don't know why they are so mind blowing but they are just amazing!!!!! I recommend trying them if you have a sweet tooth :)
5	Amazing! We had Mongolian beef, chicken lo mein, moo shu pork, a war wonton soup. Fresh flavors, spicy, hot, fantastic. Owner was serving and very accommodating and very nice. We will return here when we come back to Vegas
3	The staff was polite on the phone and delivery was fast but the food was horrible. Had the family dinner a and everything in the order tasted old. Nothing was fresh the crab ra goons were hard as a rock. Won't order from here again.
4	Food is great and very affordable many different specials available for lunch and dinner. The service was AMAZING and I will definitely be a returning customer.
5	I came here initially when I was in the area visiting a friend.  I had been looking for an American Chinese restaurant since moving to Vegas this past summer, and after trying about five other places, this has been by far the best. Now please be aware, this is not authentic Chinese food. If you are looking for that type of food, I would recommend taking a gander around Chinatown. What this is is phenomenal American Chinese food (think Panda Express-type food, but not sickening). The past two times I've gone, I've ordered the lemon chicken, the pork and green beans, the beef and green beans, the moo shu pork, the fired rice, lo mein, crab rangoons, and the eggrolls. In my defense, a majority of the food is a part of the $7 combo special, which gives you SO MUCH FOOD. That's another thing: the prices are phenomenal, and the portions are so big! The pork in the sting bean combo was a bit dry, but the beef was so good. Like, the best American Chinese beef I've hand in a long time. Also, the string beans are so very good. Nice and crunchy, and covered with a delicious sauce. The pork fried rice that comes with the combo is also better than the lo mein, but the lo mein is also really good. The moo shu pork was also great, but I wish they would have given me more wrapers because they gave me so much of it even for the small (which was only $6). The service was also really great. The service was attentive, and the place was really clean. Tiled floor to ceiling, but I'm not really expecting much from the decor of a strip-mall American Chinese place. That being said, the service review might be a little biased, since my friend and I were the only people actually sitting down in the restaurant, but other people came in and got take out, so they obviously thought the food was something to try.  If this is the kind of Chinese food you're looking for, I would definitely recommend Chop Chop Wok. While it is definitely not the best American Chinese food I've ever had (I grew up in Oakland, and went to college in LA), I personally think that it's the best I've had since moving to Vegas. Check it out, I doubt you'll be disappointed.
3	Took out from here. A typical neighborhood greasy American style Chinese take-out. Massive portions. Priced cheap. And you get what you pay for. Greasy, unhealthy type of take-out. Tastes good. Loaded with bad stuff. Filling and tasted good. Just not kind of food.
5	The woman I spoke to on the phone was very sweet and our food was ready within 20 minutes. The food was absolutely delicious and very reasonably priced! I will definitely order from here again :)
4	Great service friendly staff. Portions are huge. Food is well prepared and tastes good. Already looking forward to the take home and we are just leaving the restaurant.
5	Once again they are soooo accomadating..I had wanted the chicken katsu box, but instead of the other Japanese stuff that comes with it I wanted pork fried rice and of course it was noproblem.  She also remembered that I always want a side of garlic sauce to put on my rice. My son always gets Mongolian beef, xtra spicy and she knew that too.  Its so nice to go into a place that truly appreciates it customers and adds a personal touch.  That goes a long way in my book. This is just a great takeout place that my whole family loves!!!!
5	We love Chop Chop Wok. We just moved back into this area after 3 years and were so happy this place was still here.They have the biggest portions and can feed the whole family with just a few selections. Along with leftovers for lunch the next day. They also have a good selection of sushi, my son loves the Godzilla roll. I love the avocado salad and my honey loves the beef fried rice and chicken core mein. I can't say enough about the portions and the flavors. If you're looking for a pleasant surprise check it out.
5	Great food and great people i like coming here all the time :)
5	Easily the best Chinese restaurant I've ever been to. They know us and know what we want when we come through the door.
