3	I've been here twice. The last time I got the pulled pork, but sampled my wife's plate of ribs and brisket. The best meat is the pulled pork hands down. The pork is tender and has little fat. The brisket is ok, but was a bit too greasy. I've had better brisketThe beans and baked potato salad are good.The first time I ate there, I had a big baked potato topped with pulled pork. That was a cheap and hearty meal ($7). I'd go back just for this meal.I'd like to head back and just focus on the ribs to see how they stack up to other places..
5	Ever since we first tried Andrew's, we've tried to go back a few times a month. It's easily the best BBQ in Tempe, and better than all but one other place I've been to in the Valley. And even that's close. Don't be fooled by the look of the place. For the longest time I didn't know if it was a resturant or if they sold grills or what. It definately doesn't look like a good ol' boy's bbq joint, but the meat is what matters and they definately deliver. The pulled pork is definately my #1, but I like to get the slider trio (generally 1 chicken, 1 pork and 1 brisket slider) with 2 pulled pork sliders and 1 beef brisket. Their fries are nice and crispy without being too crispy and the rest of their sides are good too. Their spicy BBQ sauce is served in a convenient shooter to easily load onto every bite. Innovation at it's finest. Plus they have diet dr. pepper on the fountain. Have to like that.
5	The taste is fantastic!  I've been to Andrew's multiple times, and it's always good.  My fav is the pulled pork and the 'green chili' mac-n-cheese.  The all-you-can-eat lunch (on Tuesdays, I think) is an excellent chance to try all the meats/sides that you'd like.  The BBQ sauce is great, although the Hot BBQ sauce is even better.  Super service, and low prices will keep me coming back.
4	= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR ANDREW'S MONTHLY BBQ BUFFET!  = = = = = =Drop in to this friendly, good-sized cafe at 11 AM or so on a Tuesday, & you can treat yourself to their all-you-can-eat BBQ Buffet!  Today I started with a glass of lemonade, a big pulled pork sandwich, some tasty skin-on mashed potatoes, & creamed corn.  Second round included baked beans, BBQ beef, BBQ chicken breast slices, & I finished the whole feast off with a big, fresh chocolate chip cookie!$9.23 includes drink & dessert.  Yum!====================================4/27/10 Update:  The buffet is now on the LAST Tuesday of the month only.  No problem, & I was there again today, lovin' it, but note:This place is serious BBQ, & it's almost exclusively a GUY THING.Of course everyone is welcome, but as Mr. Chef sliced the pork off a whole 60 lb. (former) pig, right there in front of God & everybody, the place was FULL of customers, with but ONE brave female customer on hand to join in the fun.  Ok, so you've been warned.  Whatever gender you are, if you want some serious BBQ, mark your calendar!   :-))
5	Barbecue is a bit of an iffy thing for me, at least in the Phoenix area.  I have tasted some great barbecue, but they tend to be quite a drive for me.  I tend to avoid the chains and, as much as I love some of their food, Bill Johnson's has always lacked.So, a while back, I noticed a little unassuming restaurant open up in my neighborhood.  Up to then I had been occasionally going to another local chain that had a place near me, but was often turned off by the attitude of the employees, despite the food being pretty good.  It was time for something new.  And what a happy person I am.Over the last few months, I have been happy to enjoy pork, chicken and beef from this place, and regularly try to stop by on Wednesday for their excellent wings.  Now, we're not talking about little, dried up chicken wings; we're talking big ones, not cut into little pieces, and with their very own wing sauce on it.The pulled pork sandwiches are served with their delicious cole slaw right on the sandwich, the regular smoked chicken is flavorful even without the sauce, and the briscuit is amazing.  And, yes, the ribs are great, too.  No rubber band texture; you can practically pick it right off the bone.Not in the mood for barbecue?  Friday nights in fish fry, and Saturdays they are featuring a New Orleans-themed menu, including catfish and shrimp poboys - which I unfortunately haven't had a chance to try yet, since they sell out rather quickly.So, yes, Tempe, there is a barbecue place worth going to.  And the staff?  Happily, friendly and talkative.  Nothing like people happy to see you frequenting their establishment.
5	I'm still drooling a little bit.The only real problem with Andrews is choosing what to order - the entire menu looks and is delicious. The pulled pork is perfectly juicy. The green chile mac and cheese has exactly the right amount of green chile. The fried fish (Fridays only) is expertly battered and fried. I could seriously hurt myself in this place.And, the great thing is, Andrews is exactly the way a BBQ place should be. Unassuming storefront with a wide-open space almost totally unadorned. Scuffed floors and plastic baskets. A garage door-sized view into an immaculate kitchen. All locally raised (Shamrock farms) meats. No pretense whatsoever - just lots and lots of great food at great prices. First time customers try the triple slider option - a bbq chicken, pulled pork and beef brisket sampler in slider form.I'm sorry, Honeybear's: I think you might have been trumped for best Tempe BBQ.
2	food was not hot, their hot bbq sauce appeared to be regular and their regular sauce had just a sweet taste.  Ribs were very tender but not very flavorful, the pulled pork was average, as was the beef brisket.  The chicken was tasteless pieces of dark meat mostly.  A cold corn muffin was dry.  The fries were good, the mac-n-cheese fair and the potato salad undercooked.  Overall, a bad experience.
4	I have been really hesitant to start visiting BBQ joints because of a lot of recent strikeouts.  I've always been so disappointed to maintain that my favorite BBQ place is Famous Daves (Boo Chains!)  I finally gave in and decided to give Andrew's BBQ a shot.  Walking into the shop, we were pretty confused.  There was a giant space in the wall that lead to the kitchen and then a large open area with tables, a pass through window and a cooler on the side.  We weren't sure if we sat down and waited for someone to help us or where we supposed to order.  Thankfully a girl came out and was extremely friendly and helpful.  I want to say her name was Dana or something very close to that.  I ended up ordering the 1/2lb chicken plate which came with a piece of jalapeno cornbread and a side, I picked coleslaw.The food didn't take very long to come out and it looked wonderful.  I'm pretty sure the cook was feeling generous because I got wayyyy more chicken than I ordered, but I'm not complaining.  It was lunch for two more days.  The first thing I tried was the coleslaw and it was refreshingly different.  It was tangy and slightly sweet with some herbs I'm not quite sure of.  My best guess is dill.  The chicken was quite good, but a tiny bit dry.  It still retained all of its great flavor and was only made better by the AMAZING bbq sauce.  I have been on a search for the greatest bbq sauce, and this is definitely a contender.  It's thick and rich, kind of sweet, a little bit spicy, a little smokey, but a whole lot of flavor.  I really loved it!  I think they sell it, and I may have to purchase some.Overall, I was really pleased with Andrew's BBQ, but I would like to come back and try their brisket and maybe another side before I determine where they fit on my scale of barbecue greatness.
4	went here today with Rand H. for the last Tuesday of the month buffet.That is the only time they have it and that is a shame because it was great. They only had a few things but what was there was good. They had coleslaw , mashed potatoes , BBQ ribs , pulled pork  , baked beans , hamburger buns to make a sandwich with, They also had a whole roast pig that they were carving up right there at the buffet.As for dessert they had a peach cobbler that was also yumm. drinks are also included in the buffet and i chose to have a mango ice tea which was very good. So another great lunch and a solid 4 stars.
4	There sure was a lot of hype about this place over the past few weeks.  I finally gave in and drove out to see it for myself.  I was a little under-impressed with the inside but no bother.  I ordered one of my favorite BBQ dishes of all time - the loaded baked potato.  This one had pork which is really the only appropriate topping. As far as the bbq goes, it was wicked good.  Some of the best bbq pork I've had from a local joint in AZ.  The potato, on the other had, was over heated to a fault.  Way too hard.  It wasn't so bad that it ruined the meal but it sure was a shame to screw up such good bbq with such a rock hard potato.I might go back.  There are so many more bbq places to try.  There wasn't anything on the menu that made me want to come back.  It was really good though and, if I was over there (or their other location) it's probably the best bbq in that part of town.
4	On entering Andrew's BBQ Restaurant in Tempe I was transported back to kindergarten, the happiest time in my childhood: hardwood chairs and tables, red floor, white walls covered with crayon drawings. I expected to see my teacher seated at her upright piano leading us in song. There was no piano, but Jody, event coordinator and restaurant manager, was as cheerful and informative as the teacher of my memories. I should have asked her to sing "I Am A Little Teapot" with me. Maybe next time.     A huge blackboard above the counter displayed the menu. The item that popped right out at us was Wisconsin Cheese Curds with Ranch Dressing ($4.95). We also ordered a BBQ Sampler Plate ($12.95) and a house-made cupcake ($2). Our food arrived quickly. Portions were large: the cheese curds could easily have fed four.  Our sampler plate consisted of 4 pork ribs, a container each of BBQ chopped chicken, beef brisket and pork. For our two sides we had selected baked potato salad and slaw. There was also a wedge of cornbread.      The cheese curds were out of this world, deep fried in a beer batter. Cheese curds are fresh young cheddar cheese in natural form before being processed into blocks and aged. They're mostly found in places that have cheese factories, since they should be eaten soon after being taken out of the vat  - but happily they've been showing up in the Valley. They're less chewy than mozzarella, with a lovely mild flavor. It's worth a trip to Andrew's just to have these!     The BBQ was excellent too. It's cooked over cherry wood imported from northern Michigan. All the chopped meats were moist and tender, served in their jus rather than slathered with BBQ sauce. Our only quibble was that the same rub seemed to have been used on all three, thus making their taste similar. The ribs were falling off the bone, but just this side of dry. There were two sauces, regular and spicy - not overly sweet or tomatoey. The baked potato salad was a treat, with bits of real bacon and scallions. One of the nicest surprises was that the moist, caky cornbread was served with real butter, and there were packets of honey on the table. We did pig-out on the cheese curds, so we finished only half of our platter. We took the cupcake home with us and had it as a mid-afternoon snack. From the many flavors available, we had chosen a chocolate-cherry. The pink frosting was topped with a maraschino cherry; while sweet it went nicely with the chocolate cupcake which was less sugary.     Other items I'd like to try: Loaded Fries ($6.95) - Choice of BBQ Meats, Cheese, Onions & Ranch BBQ Baker ($6.95) - Large baked spud loaded with cowboy beans, choice of BBQ meat, onions, sour cream and cheddar cheese. (Jody says this is HUGE) Green Chili Mac & Cheese (one of the available sides) or $1.75.     Andrew's started out as a catering company, then added the restaurants (there's also one in Mesa) about a year and a half ago. They do catering for the Phoenix zoo and also private parties. If you happen to be having 100 people over to your house, for $13.95 per person you can get a whole smoked pineapple pig, injected with teriyaki pineapple juice, slow cooked for fourteen hours and hand carved at the buffet. Too bad our condo is so small....
4	Thumbs up to the beef brisket (smoked 14 hrs) topped w/ the spicy sauce!  Friend polished off his pulled pork sandwich.  The beer battered cheese curds reminded me of mini mozza sticks, never had them before.  Green mac & cheese was sludgy (the taste didn't win me over, so I'm weirdly fixated on the texture), but I really enjoyed my first taste of sweet cakelike cornbread.Definitely we'll be back to work our way thru the menu...
4	Very very good pulled pork sandwich. I pretty much order pulled pork whenever I go to a bbq place. This place blew my socks off! Meat was full of flavor, tender and didn't have big hunks of fat that ruin many other places pork sandwichs. The bun was soft and delicious and don't even get me started on the spicy bbq sauce.... (drooling). This and Waldo's in Mesa are my two favorite places to eat bbq. Lucille's and Famous Dave... meh...
4	Noticed a full parking lot at their other location at Southern/Dobson, so one day after alot of yard work... decided to head back to this closer location to our home.Unlike the other location, unfortunately there is a lack of people eating inside... but quote the BF.. "I'd take good food over atmosphere".The green chile pork tacos special of the day, it wasn't bbq but who cares, it was that good.  I just kept stealing the bbq tastes off my bf's plate (beef brisket still wins!)... this time got the baked potato salad.. nifty presentation, I'm going to steal that idea for a future backyard party.
4	My boyfriend and I got the BBQ sampler and were very pleased with all of the items.  The meats were overall very tender (I prefer ribs that are a tad bit more tender), and the BBQ sauces were finger-licking good, although the spicy version was not spicy.  I can't bring myself to give that fifth star though because we found the jalapeno mac and cheese to be very bland and mushy.  We may have extraordinarily high expectations, however, judging by the mostly favorable reviews on the mac and cheese from other reviewers.  I definitely think that this is a restaurant worth going to if you are in the mood for BBQ!  But take it to go, because the ambiance of this restaurant doesn't quite stand up to the quality of its food.
4	This was a pretty good barbecue joint.I ordered the beef brisket meal with cornbread and jalapeno mac and cheese. The brisket was just slightly dry and tough, but with the spicy sauce, it tasted great. The cornbread was standard, and the jalapenos in the mac and cheese gave the side a nice flavor.Definitely somewhere I'll be back to.
4	Best BBQ I have had since moving to AZ from Texas. However, that is not saying much. They do have a great menu with a lot of options and so I was pleasantly surprised by that. They even offer some basics like burgers and tacos if there is someone in your party that is not a barbecue lover.  Also, even though the place was casual it still had some cool decor like the grill lights on the ceiling and was both clean and comfortable. The spicy bbq sauce was pretty good and reminded me a little of some of the great BBQ places in Texas. I also liked the green chili mac and cheese but I don't think it was as amazing as some of the reviewers claim. Not cheesy enough. I also had the fried okra which was delicious - best I have had outside of Louisiana. The corn bread was decent but nothing special. I will definitely be back but I am still hunting for someplace in the valley that has beef ribs.  Pig meat just does not compare!
5	Yelp steered me here, and it sure didn't steer me wrong! I had the three sliders (2 pork, 1 brisket). The pulled pork, green chile mac and cheese, and hot barbecue sauce were all phenomenal, and the portions were large. I stole a rib off of another plate, which was also quite tasty. For about $10, I got a delicious meal I couldn't quite finish off, despite having not eaten all day -- a hard combination to beat!
4	I was looking for a new BBQ joint for a while now and I spotted Andrews BBQ I entered the restaurant really clean and friendly staff. I ordered the BBQ sandwich includes 1 side dish. Slider Trio (pork/beef/chicken) Green chile macaroni and cheese. The Andrews spicy BBQ and the regular BBQ sauce were really good. Really good BBQ great prices will be back for sure.
4	Best BBQ in phoenix area hands down. I love BBQ and since moving to the valley back in 98 have had a hard time finding any good bbq. I hate chain restaturants like Famous Daves and am glad I found Andrews. Huge portions and great BBQ sauce. Highly recommend pulled pork sandwich..
4	Great beef bbq sandwich!Pulled pork was good, not great.Cole Slaw: top notch.Buns for sandwiches are marginal at best.  Usually I'm not a fan of BBQ beef brisket, but they did a great job here. I'll be back for more
5	I have checked out many places that say they have the best BBQ and have been disappointed.  But this place not only have great food, but great service.  The kitchen offers many options and the specials are always great (blue cheese burgers, bacon wrapped hot dogs-which are now on the menu!)  They  have a spicy bbq sauce that not many places offer or that really isn't as spicy as i would like.  The food is abundant for the price, sometimes I can't even finish the sandwich and one side.  The green chile mac and cheese is great to pair with any sandwich and you need to bbq it up or you may think the meat is a little dry, but it is not!  It is tender, juicy, and could be eaten alone, but the BBQ does the trick!
3	Just recently found this place at the now closed Mesa Location... Kind of a rough part of Mesa for sure and there were two bums hanging out near the entrance. Hmmm.... When I walked in I was pleased with the decor of 70's Record Album covers of various artists and the music playing. When I saw the kitchen equipment I got a little worried since it looked a bit unkempt. I found out later that they truck everything in from their Guadalupe store. The food: Pork - Great Beef - Good Chicken - Good Ribs - Sucked. Full of fat, and were tough St. Louis style instead of Baby Backs. Beans - A little heavy on the molasses, but pretty good nonetheless Slaw - Great. Two style of sauce, regular and hot. Meh...
4	It's pretty good... I really liked the brisket.  I am still in search of the perfect BBQ place here in the Phoenix area.  The service by the way was killer so I would recommend it.  BTW check out the cool light fixtures when you are in there.
2	First Attempt - I was terribly disappointed.  I had gone by earlier in the evening to try their thick sliced beef brisket, and it was yummy.  Later when I came by to buy dinner for my family, and placed my order for three thick sliced beef brisket dinners, I was told "we just ran out".  Talk about pissed, I was pissed!  We ended up settling for the thin brisket they use on their sandwiches, which was soaked in sauce, and had way to much fat in it.  The staff was as nice about it as they could be, and offered us free drinks to make up for the disappointment.  I can't rate them too far down for what could possibly be a one time thing.  So I will give them one more chance.Second Attempt - Took the family over for dinner, my second attempt at getting some brisket.  This time I was told that they did have the thick sliced brisket, but that it was one of their slow days, so it had been sitting for a while and was dry.  My wife and daughter had liked the chopped brisket before, so they settled for that.  I settled for a hot link.  All meals were tasty.Third Attempt - I went by to grab lunch Saturday, and ordered the brisket.  Took it home, fired up the TV, and sat down to eat.  All in all, I was unimpressed.  The brisket tasted ok, but was dry.  Even their sauce, also tasty, could not rescue it.  Don't know if I will bother returning or not.  Have reduced my rating from three starts to two.  Was giving the benefit of the doubt before.  But after three strikes, I am just left frustrated at Andrews BBQ
5	Tried this place based on Yelp and it did not steer me wrong. I went with a group of 6-7 guys last week and we all loved this place. It was delicious, very well-priced, fast, and the service was outstanding. The woman behind the counter is a machine and she's one of the best servicewomen I've ever had. I got the trio with a brisket sandwich, chopped chix, and the pulled pork with fries. All of it was awesome! I think I loved the chicken the best but I'm going back this weekend to try the ribs and other stuff. I'm upset I didn't find out about this place sooner. I love these restaurants that are popping up. Fast, but not fast food, just delicious food in a very simple setting. Go here now!-Ethan
4	We were trying to choose a new place for lunch at work and this was mentioned. We all LOVED it! (that is saying a lot!) We ordered off the online menu and I called it in (she was VERY friendly) it was ready in less than 10min and was hot and delicious!!! It also doesn't cost an arm and a leg and is close enough to go there fairly often. We will be back!
3	i was in an abnormal mood for pulled pork so hit this place up to try and satisfy my annoying craving. Staff was very nice, Cool pictures and two tv's as well. Not a place to really hang out for hours on end or anything. beer selection is very minimal as well. We ordered a lot of food. pulled pork sandwich, a sampler and also the hotlink with mustard appetizer. baled potato salad, mac n cheese cornbread etc.Everything was good. Don't really have any complaints. I have not ventured to many BBQ places in the area so i cant really compare, so for now they get an A-OK until i venture off and have someone to compare them too..
3	I like this place... It isn't knock your sox off, finger lickin, can't live without it BBQ. But it's good, Fast, clean and fresh. What more can you ask for? No Wide varietiy of BBQ sauces, but the eclectic selection of unique cupcakes/pastries is a nice touch. The friendly staff makes you feel pretty comfortable as well (considering the atmosphere is a little cold and un-inviting.) But it's very clean and that's worth its weight in gold. The French fries are so perfect, crispy, and flavorful that I have withdrawals from time to time just thinkin about em.  And the green chili mac n cheese is delightful. Go with a pulled pork sandwich, fries and green chili mac n cheese. After trying other dishes these items stand out most. DON'T expect rib paradise or mouthwatering brisket here folks. However, I've been a regular customer for over a year now and intend on keeping it that way. Eat well, live well and surround yourselves with ones who do. -Cheers
4	I love BBQ and Andrews doesn't disappoint! So tasty, good prices, and awesomeSpecials. Try the green chili Mac and cheese and fried pickles!!! Cheap beer and sliders from 3-6pm. Clean, sports on TV, and delicious BBQ. Yum!
5	So my boyfriend and I have been looking for that off the beaten path/hole in the wall bbq joint. And we've found that with Andrews. The customer service was beyond amazing thanks to DANA :) The food was so mouth watering it wasn't even funny. The green chile mac and cheese.... there isn't even words to describe it. The ribs were great with the dry rub and some sauce squirted on as you eat. The chicken wings were just kickin'. I'd recommend this to my neighbor, my mother, my friends... oh wait I already have. If you're looking for a great place for a great meal whether eat in or carry out, choose Andrews!Oh and the cornbread. It tastes like cake........... it just melts in your mouth.Go now, before it's too late!!
4	it's not amazing, but it is very good.  The ribs are meh, the brisket is good, the chickens good, and the pulled pork is very good. I lovedthegreen chili Mac and cheese. Decor is simple and you order at the counter.
4	Rating is based on my first trip (take out) and compared to BBQ in the area.  I had a hankering for mac n cheese, so turned to yelp and saw people comment about the green chile mac n cheese at Andrew's.  The flavoring was amazing, but the noodles were your typical BBQ side, aka way overcooked and mushy.  Still far better than most, but wish you could actually taste the noodles!My man and I shared the BBQ combo.  I can eat quite a bit, and this was a TON of food.  If you have your own buns, you could easily make three large sandwiches.  We got a side of the hot BBQ sauce and boy are we fans!  It could be spicier, but has enough of a kick to it to please us.  The brisket was likely my favorite, followed by the pulled pork and chicken, then the ribs (which weren't amazing, but still good).  Sides of mashed potatoes, mac n cheese, spicy cowboy beans, and cornbread.  All fantastic.  Cornbread was quite amazing.We will definitely be back!!
5	I have been looking for good bbq for a long time. I've tried Tom's and Honey Bear's but I guess it was ok since there wasn't really anything else. I finally stopped into Andrew's and thought I'd give it a shot. I tried the ribs and they were amazing! I could taste that they smoked them for a while and couldn't decide if I even wanted sauce or not. I ended up trying their hot sauce and was so good! I wish it was a little hotter but I liked it. The meat was so tender and it looked as if the sauce on the meat had caramelized, that was a treat for my eyes. I got a side of baked beans and french fries. Boy were the servings large! Me and my boyfriend went back and we both got the brisket and we were both so pleased with it! First of all the servings are huge, the meat was so juicy and flavorful. I tried the coleslaw and cheese curds this time and wow! The service was great too! The waitress' were very nice to us and made our experiences enjoyable! I've been so pleased with Andrew's bbq that I felt like I had been settling for less this whole time when I had a great bbq place in my neighborhood.
5	I followed the Yelp reviews and it took me to Andrew's.  The man at the register, who turned out to be Andrew, guided me through the extensive menu, pointing me towards something that gave me samples of pulled pork and of brisket.  I enjoyed the friendly relaxed atmosphere.  Here's a man who clearly enjoys the world of bbq, and makes a living at it!  The beef and brisket were both excellent, and cole slaw too.  I am visiting in the area, but I will definitely return.
5	The ribs were tender and tasty, the potato salad was a surprising treat- sour cream instead of mayo!- the decor is open and bright, and our server, Dana, was a delight.  The location (next to a grocery store, blending into a corner) belies how stand-out the restaurant is.  If you're in the area, keep your eyes peeled and give this joint a shot!
4	So, I am cheating right now. I actually tried this place via catering one day-- so I have no clue what their business looks like, whether or not they've cleaned their tables properly or if it smells funny. The only thing dirty is how good their pulled pork, pulled chicken, potato salad and beans are... The meat is so melt-in-your-mouth tender that I actually had to remind myself to put the sauce on. Also, the sauce is tangy, spicy, AND user-friendly (gluten-free) so everyone can enjoy! Their side dishes compliment the meat-the beans are just a little smokey, and the potato salad has just enough mustard in it, to give it all an enthusiastic thumbs up. I can't wait to actually visit and try out their other items...
4	Been wanting to try Andrew's for a long time, but finally got around to it last night.  Not sure if it was the location, the mixed yelp reviews, but I was definitely skeptical about it.  Good BBQ is amazing, but bad BBQ is a supreme letdown.Walking in you immediately smell the smoke, the meat...it smells fantastic.  The place was completely empty (which can be a warning sign at some places).  The menu was large and a bit overwhelming - it all sounds good, so we knew we'd have a hard time picking one or two things.  We had *amazing* service.  Dana was fantastic.  From the moment she greeted us, we knew we were in good hands.  We had just started perusing the menu, and she offered to give us her "spiel"  - she warned us she did have one if we were interested.  She then gave a very thorough, but quick run through of the highlights of the menu - different options depending on what exactly we wanted.  She gave us advice and did NOT steer us wrong.  We settled in on the bbq sampler, a half slab of ribs and our sides - green chile mac n cheese, garlic mashed potatoes and spicy cowboy beans.  Oh, and cornbread.  If it sounds like too much food...it was, and I don't regret it even a little.  We were advised that it would reheat well if we had leftovers.  For the record, it reheated very well as lunch the next day.  The ribs were deliciously smoky, great flavor.  They are a little tougher than some places (think they were more St Lous style as opposed to our preferred baby backs, but that's our preference), which wasn't great, but certainly not bad.  The flavor compensated well for it.  The pulled pork was good, the bbq brisket quite tasty and the pulled bbq chicken was surprisingly good.  I'm of the mindset that chicken is the least attractive option at any bbq joint, but this was very good.  I can see how each of those would make for a great bbq sandwich (or sliders, which we were told was a good way to try each of them as well).The cornbread was nicely moist, had a great flavor as well.You lose a star for serving Pepsi products in my opinion...but I know others don't mind Pepsi.  We're just a Coke family and always will be.Limited selection of beers, but they are decent - the usual domestics (Bud/Miller) as well as a selection of 4Peaks brews - Kiltlifter, 8th St Ale and Hop Knot (HK in a can!) - not to mention $2 PBR.  That'll do...that'll do.Supposedly they have cupcakes as well, made by a former employee who still sells to Andrews so Andrews can serve them.  We didn't try them, but the flavors sounded really good.We'll definitely be back.  It's not the best BBQ in the Phoenix area, but it's certainly respectable and definitely the best I've had in the Tempe area (by far).  Don't be scared off by the empty restaraunt.  It's worth a try.    It's 3.5 star quality, minus the star for Pepsi, add a star for Dana...
5	Be it a good or bad experience I have never felt the need to Yelp until tonight. Best BBQ place in town at Andrew's - great food, ambiance and service. The table next to us had some rowdy kids and a pork slider 6 pack ended up scattered on the floor, only to quickly be replaced with a smile (all at closing time by the way). I myself have been in the restaurant business for a long time and I have the misfortune of over-analyzing everything - this is a clean and efficient first class operation. Not to mention a first class local beer list to my surprise! Keep it up Dana and Francisco we will be back. Cheers!
4	Love their ribs!  Love the green chile mac & cheese, Love the mashed potatoes, love the corn bread.  I can't explain the flavors without going out to get some, so I will stop here.it's great they're down the street on any craving moment I have!They cater, so great for parties! Most of the times I've been there it's empty but then you see people walk in and out, so they do a lot of to go orders.  Don't be fooled by the lack of sit in customers.
4	After Honey Bear's disappointed one too many times (a shame because I was one of their earliest fans), my wife and I tried Andrew's BBQ. Very good beef brisket and chicken; pork was a little off. Quality sides, even if the cornbread is rather cake-y.
4	I've always liked Andrew's BBQ, and ever since they closed down the one near me a while back, I've quietly missed them.  Last night I finally made it to this location and it was awesome!I liked how this one's decorated.  They have upside down BBQ grills hanging from the ceiling as light fixtures, plenty of tables and other decor that really seemed cute.  I swear the menu was bigger then I remember!  The girl at the register was really nice and helpful, and took our orders after answering all of our questions.I went with my usual, BBQ beef brisket with garlic mashed potatos as my side.  My friend went with the bbq chicken sandwich with the mac and cheese.  Both were tasty, and we had a really good time.Love Andrew's, and will be back when I get a chance!
4	The meat was very tasty and tender, but I did not like the cherry wood flavor.  I have not been back since they opened in Tempe, but I've heard that they are using different wood now.But if you're looking for good tender and tasty BBQ, try Andrew's
4	Glad to finally try this place.  The aroma of barbecue will make your mouth water if you're hungry.  The prices made me wonder why we hadn't come here sooner.Great combos and options that offer a sampling of more than one item on their menu.And did I mention cornbread?!Or for those that live dangerously, fried pickles.I got the slider combo of beef, pork, and chicken and it came with one side.  I opted for corn bread.Good stuff and big portions too.  I couldn't eat more than one slider.  My son let me taste his green chile mac and cheese.  Yummy stuff but the mac and cheese reminded me of KFCs mac and cheese -kinda processed tasting.Overall the food was tasty, selection good, and prices reasonable.
4	I found this place off of yelp and I'm really glad that I did.  The meat was amazing; the ribs were my favorite.  The woman behind the counter and was incredibly friendly and very helpful!  While we were dining we were able to see them loading up the huge smoker in the back with tons of meat.  It was pretty neat to be able to see it.  Overall the experience was really enjoyable and I'll definatly be back!
2	After reading all the raves about the green chili mac & cheese it was a must have - and then immediate regret. The green chilies were chewy and not peeled properly and the cheese in the mac was grainy and gritty. Yuck. Mac & cheese is by definition...cheesy and smooth. Not this. Horrible. The good side was the pulled pork sandwich and the hot BBQ was pretty darn good. All in all when I want good BBQ my choice would be Honey Bears first. But if I'm hard up and just gotta have some BBQ, I would consider Andrew's again.
4	1 word awesome. I ordered the Q Sampler and got so much food I ate about 3 meals. The portions are good and the taste is excellent. Dana our server was great also; Good attitude, funny personality and overall excellent service.
4	My wife and I ate here a few nights ago and it was great.  I had the pulled pork sandwich and my wife had three sliders (one chicken one pork and one briskit).  They were all very good and moist. Portions were very large and we took some home.  The side of cowboy beans was very good and spicy.  We also had and order of  the sweet potato fries.  They were the best I have had and the order was huge more than enough to share.  We are fans and will be back soon.
5	This is one of my favorite places, if not my favorite. We have tried other BBQ places and none have been what Andrew's is. The best pulled pork anywhere! Their sides are fantastic like their green chili mac and cheese and the garlic mashed potatoes. I have never been a cornbread fan, but their cornbread is so tasty and never dry. The service is always good. It is very hard to dislike this place.
1	How can you be a BBQ place and be so cheap? No real bbq joint is offering up chopped chicken thigh meat to its customers except Andrew. Thats the ultimate cheap shot. This is the first place in America to feature only thigh meat in its sandwiches and meanwhile your selling chicken breasts also. Only the cheapest of Chinese restaurants still use all thigh meat.    Next was the brisket and counter girl said brisket is the fattiest meat when i inquired about fat content....that leads me to believe the brisket would be an adventure in fat. This is strange cause texas bbq house sure knows how to make lean brisket. And although people like st. Louis style ribs, they are so much more cheaper than baby backs which is just another example of cheap Andrew. This place is a joke to BBQ lovers, but luckily for them they are in Arizona and people know nothing here about BBQ. This joint would get laughed out of the south.
4	OK, so knowing I was coming to Tempe for a few days, I posted in Tempe Talk to find a decent place to have some food.  This was recommended by a local... Good call.  I am Yelping it on my way down from Vegas, says they are opened on Sunday... they aren't.  I added a tip for those of you who don't read this much.I ended up eating here on my second night in town.  I enter at 5:15pm, I am the only one here.  The girl behind the counter is incredibly friendly and helpful, the chef/cook, made eye contact, smiled, started working on my meal as soon as I ordered.  That impressed me.My food arrived in break-neck speed.  I ordered the BBQ Sampler (picture submitted) and everything looked good.  Pulled Pork, Shredded Chicken, and Brisket all came in separate Styrofoam cups, cut of Corn Bread, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Cole Slaw, and 2 Beef Ribs... $14.95.  WOW!  This is a meal for 3!Starting with the least flavorful, the Chicken was kinda bland.  I wasn't overly impressed, it was relatively tender, a touch on the dry side though... it relied on the BBQ sauce.Pulled Pork - This was pretty legitimate.  Good flavor, tender, still a touch on the dry side.  I would eat it again, but not incredibly confident in it's stand alone ability.  Brisket - Nice!  Tender, juicy, good flavor.  The BBQ sauce complimented it, not made it.  This was a good cut of meat, clearly slow smoked.  I am a fan.  I would highly recommend the Brisket if you are eating here!The sides-  Slaw- a Vinegar based, good flavor, slight kick, but I enjoyed it.  The Garlic Mashed Potatoes- Great flavor.  Chives added on top, clearly home made. I really enjoyed these!  The Corn Bread- Great flavor, not a boxed taste... Had some integrity to it.  Would order it again.All in all, this is a good BBQ joint.  I read a review before I entered that ripped this place and my thoughts are the guy has an axe to grind personally.  It was not my experience that his thoughts reflected the food I ate.  I will certainly be back, would recommend a friend to visit.There is a fair amount of dog decorations too... Kinda cool.  Adds.. a certain friendliness.  From the bronze statue under the specials menu when you walk in to the board of (I would assume) customer dogs... Really kinda cool.  Neat place!
5	I used to travel halfway across the valley to go to Joe's BBQ in Gilbert; now, I have a new favorite destination for loaded bakers.  This place is wonderful - fast service, friendly people, and AMAZING food (to be fair, I have only tried the brisket, loaded baker, pulled pork sandwich, macaroni & cheese and cornbread. I am sure there is much more to taste).  We need more go-to family restaurants like this in the neighborhood. Also, their BBQ sauce is delicious. I'm not sure what the other reviewers are talking about.
5	really good BBQ!!! This place is a hidden gem :-)  The portions are SUPER large so it's a good idea to split.  The dining area isn't anything special so we always get carry-out.
5	This is my favorite BBQ place in Phoenix.  I've eaten here 5 times now and tried a few different things on the menu and have never left disappointed.  My favorite menu item is the BBQ Sampler.  You get plenty of food for the price and I can barely finish my dinner, you get that much.  Their Smokehouse Beans and Loaded Baked Potato Salad is a perfect compliment to your meal.  You get a nice slice of corn bread that is so moist and good you don't need butter or honey to put on it.  If you're in the neighborhood you do need to stop in for a bite.  My next dinner that looked good was the bacon wrapped hot dogs topped with cole slaw.
5	Quality, smoked brisket. It's simply amazing. I will be back for sure. Loved the cornbread and slaw too.
5	Love home smoked, quality BBQ? Tired of chain joints that cost too much for gimmicky food? Andrew's will blow you away in a smokey cloud.Nothing fancy: the way barbeque was meant to be served. You go up and order at a counter in front of an massive open kitchen where you can see their smokehouse and talk to the pit masters as they work. You sit down at simple wooden tables with a roll of paper towels in the center and your choice of home-made BBQ sauces. You get served in baskets or trays covered in checked picnic paper. You eat with businessmen and doctors shoulder to shoulder with landscapers and the smelly and bearded. Everyone (besides those damn vegatarians) love Andrew's. And why not? Grade-A Kansas City Q being served up without any frills and bullsh*t. Just what the valley needed.The fact that you're still reading this review means you've waited too long to go. You owe it to yourself to put the best BBQ in AZ in your mouth. Get in your car and go. You'll thank me later.
4	Love this place!  I go about once a week.  I get the pulled pork sandwich every time and I rotate the sides.  Try the mac-n-cheese - it's AWESOME!  Oh, and BTW, definitely get the spicy BBQ sauce.  Thank God I finally found a good BBQ place in Tempe.
3	I support local business as much as possible......but $9.50 for a turkey burger and a shot glass of cole slaw was a bit pricey to me. It was a great tasting burger dont get me wrong, prices are slightly high I think.
5	Friendly staff :-) great first impression
4	= = = = = =  MONTHLY BBQ BUFFET!  = = = = = =Finally got back around to Andrew's Buffet here!  This fun event is held on the last Tuesday of each month, from 11 AM.Today's choices included tossed salad with Ranch or Italian Dressing to put on it, BBQ beans, corn on the cob (with real butter available), Creamy Vegetable Lasagne, fresh rolls, pulled pork, chopped chicken, smoked hot links & three desserts.Lots to like here including very friendly service!     :-))Monthly Lunch Buffet:  $9.23 including help-yourself beverages.
5	The food is always amazing and fresh!' The employees are super friendly and remember us every time we go in. I always feel appreciated!! Highly recommend to everyone! Their catering is also awesome! Great food at a great cost!
4	Fantastic food and HUGE portions.  It's not a huge place, they could probably seat 40 people in the dining area, but they would be 40 happy people at the end of dinner. I ate for two days off of a single dinner portion. The service was great, the wait staff friendly and the BBQ awesome.  Their spicy BBQ has a nice bite to it and is not overfilled with pepper. Their regular BBQ has a nice sweet/savory mixture of flavors that does NOT make you think that you are eating a bottle of honey (like so many other BBQ recipes do).  They also have a kick-butt green chili mac-n-cheese. Highly recommended.
3	Stopped in because we were in the area and love bbq. It was an off meal time (3pm) and dead but service was fast and good. Ordered the Q Sampler to share and so glad we did. Was enough for 4 people and ended up wasting a lot but the prices were great. Flavors were good but the meat was over chopped and fatty for all 3 (chicken, pork and beef). Sides were nothing special but not bad either. Wish the cornbread had more flavor but the BBQ sauces were tasty. Don't live here but not sure if we would come back any way.
3	Tasty BBQ ribs...good sauces...awesome cornbread, moist like cake!  I would stay away from the green chili Mac n Cheese as it was overcooked and the cole slaw was rather tasteless.
4	This review is for a wedding catering tasting.The building looks unassuming, and I'd probably have passed by if I weren't looking for it.  Inside we were greeted right away, offered soft drinks, and asked to sit down.  Other couples drifted in, and soon our contact came out to begin sampling appetizers.  She took the time to make sure we knew what each morsel was, and returned shortly with the main course samples.  Everything was delicious!  We have some major decisions to make now ;)As everyone was mulling over their plates and making notes, our host made the rounds to answer any questions we may have thought up.  She'd explained that they were very busy with events and covering for an injured owner, but she still clearly felt it was important to make each of us feel like we had her ear.  If I had to make some suggestions, the first would be to outline the event in the introduction.  We sat still waiting for instruction, but didn't really know what to expect at any point.  The second would be to answer the individual questions in an open forum format.  If someone at a table had a good (or common) question, I'd have liked to have her answer it for everyone to hear.  I wasn't sure what I was supposed to be asking, and I think that conversation would have snowballed into a nice information-fest.  The ambiance was a nice casual BBQ joint.  Pigs painted on the window wearing bibs, farm decor inside, large chalkboard menu.  I'd like to  come back for lunch sometime!
4	I could be wrong, but I don't really get the impression that Arizona folks know or care about serious BBQ.  That said, I've had good 'cue in other parts of the country, so I guess I should consider myself lucky that there's a place as good as Andrew's in my backyard.  From the outside, I could smell the smoke, which I can't say that I've experienced at any other BBQ spot in the valley.  One star just for that.I've been here a few times and always get something different.  They have daily specials all the time and are usually a good deal.  Their menu is pretty extensive, the prices are reasonable, and I've never had a bad meal here.  But this place is always DEAD.  It's a shame - maybe people are more budget-conscious, or they aren't aware of this place (see first paragraph) - I just hope this place sticks around.
1	Not good. Waited 15 minutes to order and 25 minutes for food. Brisket was like chewing leather and was almost cold. Mac and cheese were nothing special. Cornbread was more like ice cold yellow cake. I don't know what kind of low grade BBQ the Yelpers who gave this good marks are used to but it must be horrible. Highly disappointing as I was hoping for a new option for BBQ but this isn't it. Even the big chain places are better than this.
4	I stepped into this restaurant, caught a whiff of the smokey bbq and knew I was in the right place! The restaurant itself is fairly spacious, and the menu board is easy to read on the chalkboard. There is quite a lot to choose from, with various appetizers, sandwiches, sides, and smoked meats available.I opted for the pulled pork sandwich with green chile mac and cheese ($7.95). The sandwich was filled with a heaping pile of tender, smokey pulled pork, with a hearty portion of mac and cheese on the side. You have your choice of regular or hot bbq sauce. The "hot" bbq sauce, while enjoyable for its nice balance of sweet and tangy, didn't taste very spicy to me (More like a mild level of spiciness). The mac and cheese was decent. I could definitely taste the green chile mixed in with the cheese.Service was lightning fast and very friendly. Overall, a good experience. Someday I'll step in here to share a sampler platter!
1	Very disappointed. I arrived at Andrew's at approximately 7:50 PM for a late dinner. The sign on the door says they close at 9pm yet the entire dining room was closed (very unwelcoming). I placed my order with a less than enthused cashier and even left a tip since I was under the impression that me being there was an inconvenience. I ordered the pulled pork BBQ sandwich with the green chili Mac n cheese to go so I could get out of their hair. I drove the 1/2 mile to my house and began my feast. I was immediately disappointed. The bread was extremely soggy and the meat its self was Luke warm at best. I attempted to eat the Mac n cheese but it was so cold that it nearly broke the cheap plastic fork they give you. Needless to say, I will never be back to Andrews BBQ nor will I ever recommend his restaurant. A piece of advice, new customers can walk in at any time of day... If it was my restaurant I would ensure that my restaurant and food were consistent for every customer. Thanks for the waste of $10!
2	Andrew's was ok at best. The BBQ sauce they put on everything is lacking to say the least. I got the sampler and I didn't enjoy anything too much. My girlfriend said the Mac and cheese was good.
4	Delicious!! I love the loaded fries!! Soo good! Every component is perfect! Also perfectly brewed iced tea.
5	Happened to be in the area so I checked it out. great meal to satisfy a BBQ craving. I ordered a sampler and my wife had a beef brisket. the meat was flavored perfectly and a good temperature. they have kids' meals also. great cornbread and coleslaw as sides. they have fountain drinks so you can help yourself to more beverages. each table has 2 house BBQ sauces, both go well with any meat. it was a bit empty but the food came out fast. overall great dining!
3	After a fun morning at Comicon, the 11 year old wanted ribs. I googled Temle BBQ and Andrew's came up so we stopped by. I had the BBQ Sampler. The brisket (the 2/3 that wasn't fat) was delicious, the chicken was really good, and the brisket so tasty I brought some home for later! The ribs...were dry. I had to put sauce on every bite. Pretty disappointing for a barbecue spot. The cornbread was cold and a thicker consistency than I prefer (I like my cornbread warm and crumbly, the way granmda made it!). The baked beans were pretty standard and the coleslaw was a-ok. Overall, three stars. I'd definitely come back for the brisket, but pass on the ribs and cornbread for sure.
4	Randomly stopped by this place and was pleasantly surprised. Good ol fashion BBQ. Had pulled pork and coleslaw and the place was really clean.
4	I have used Andrew's to deliver BBQ to our gatherings at different community parks in the Tempe area and continue to be pleased. The customer service and ease of ordering is amazing. The amount of food you get per person is a great deal! The delivery drivers are always punctual and polite. The food arrives hot and exactly as ordered. Sure beats slaving over a hot grill in AZ summers and our guests always enjoy it! Would, and do, recommend them to our friends for catering needs. Thanks!
5	Wow, this place was delicious and fast! Also it is priced really fair. Got the trio slider and thought it was great. The garlic mashed potatoes were also very good! (My husband tried the mac n cheese, so I branched out. The mac n cheese was good too!) the service was friendly as well. The prickly pear tea was also good! EVERYTHING WAS GOOD!! We definitely will be back.
3	Decent spot for BBQ, but fails to impress overall.Came for lunch on a Friday at 1:30pm; no crowd, big screens, cool BBQ grills hanging upside for lighting.Saw a ton of Sweet Baby Ray's BBQ Sauce boxes in the kitchen.  I can only assume that this is their sauce, or maybe they doctored it up a bit.. Either way, it's so easy to make a solid home made BBQ sauce, so why not do it right?  The guy who served us was cool and he gave the kids a free cookie for waiting a little longer for their food.  But, overall I was disappointed because my meat was not hot.  I could tell is was reheated.  The sauce was just ok and the spicy wasn't hot enough for my liking.Overall, It was ok but I'm not rushing back.  Gotta have fresh hot meat and handmade sauce to keep coming back.
5	My wife and are are BBQ snobs from Fort Worth. This place reminds us of home! Great food. Chicken and brisket are the bomb! Baked Potato salad is to die for and service is excellent. Stop in and tell Dana she's the greatest, cause she is!
5	Awesome smokey taste, tender, and items like fried ochra make this a must: recommended. The ribs were fantastic.
5	My five stars are for Andrew's RIBS, which are hands down THE BEST RIBS in Tempe (and reasonably priced to boot!). I will definitely be back to try their other dishes. It's a very clean unpretentious luncheonette style place with fast friendly service. I had just about given up hope of finding any good BBQ in Tempe before discovering this gem. (Lucille's in the Tempe Marketplace is the ultimate overpriced phony ripoff and should be shut down for crimes against  soul food). Andrew's BBQ on E. Guadalupe, next to Albertson's supermarket, is the real deal: I'm talking SIX man-sized pork ribs, every one PLUMP  with juicy pink meat, plus a side and a beer for $15 !! Even those makeshift BBQ kitchens that pop up in warehouse districts of Phoenix that open at 11am and close at 2pm won't give you that good a deal! Just a few minor fixable quibbles: They only offer one BBQ sauce, which happens to be delicious, but some folks like a variety. Collard Greens, one of my favorite soul foods, is not offered as a side..yet! The only meat combination they offer is ribs and chicken. Pulled pork, Brisket and Sausage must be purchased separately and I will be going back to do just that!
2	Went back after a not so good first time.  The green Chile mac and cheese was the only good thing. The meat did not taste good at all and it was lukewarm at best.  Didn't taste fresh
2	Today I hit up Andrews BBQ for the brisket.  Disappointed again!  The brisket was properly cooked, decent flavor, but was appeared dry and tasted dry.  The cornbread was excellent, but served cold. Hot would have earned another star, in spite of the dry brisket.  The Green Chile Mac was tasty, but had sat so long it was mushy.  For the 25 I spent for two lunch specials, I walked away feeling like I did not get my money's worth.  I'll try it again in a pinch, but still consider Rudy's to be the top spot in the East Valley, with Famous Dave's coming in at number two.This is my fourth attempt at Andrews.
2	My wife and I are of the BBQ loving variety, and we're also the kind that believes it's difficult to do EVERYTHING well. Every place has it's strengths and weaknesses.First, the strengths:- Green Chile Mac is very, very good. We both liked it, and it's gotta a little kick, and a GREAT flavor. Love it!- Baked potato salad: I need a carton of this in my fridge at all times. My wife is a potato salad snob, and she loves this stuff, as do I. It's nothing short of amazing..possibly the best I've ever tried from a restaurant.- Ribs--tangy and good! We've done ribs before, and they're not easy, but these are super yummy! Not too dry, and very good flavor!- The "Original" BBQ sauce is on the sweet side and is very good, and the spicy sauce is also great! I'd love to do a BBQ with either of these!The weaknesses:- Coleslaw. Ouch. I think Raising Cain's has better slaw...cold and crisp but very little flavor.- Chicken. Oh this one hurt. I think I've made better BBQ chicken...it just didn't have much flavor!The Average: - Brisket. It's ok. Mine was moist and juicy, but the flavor didn't knock my socks off. Given that we paid $30 for the both of us, I was really hoping it would blow me away.It's not that it was bad! It's just... well, I'd rather have Rudy's Brisket. I also felt like half of my 1/2 pound sandwich was fat...and brisket is a pretty fatty cut so that's not completely unexpected.- Pulled pork. The pulled pork WAS better than the brisket but still not much to write home about.We both felt like the strength of the BBQ sauce was there to cover up the meat... and that's kind of a backwards way to do it. But everyone has they're own style. For us, I think we'll say we tried it and move on. The service was good and the place has a nice little feel. But overall for the money I think there's more flavor elsewhere. I'd rather give this 2.5 stars than 2, but the weak mainstay, the BBQ, is hard to overlook. I will say this place has their sides DIALED IN. Can't beat that potato salad and chile mac! Yummy! But it might be time to reevaluate that BBQ technique a tad.
3	I feel like it's always hit or miss. When it's good it's good but when it's bad it's bad. I come here once or twice a month. I enjoy the fries but they overload them with way to much salt, and tonight I can tell they haven't changed out the oil in awhile because the fries tastes like catfish. Next time I eat here I hope I can give a 5 star review.
5	This place is the BEST BBQ joint in Arizona hands down. Forget Tom's forget Rudy's and forget everything else. This is it! Just try it and I swear you will be addicted. I took a pic of my favorite meal here, the green chili pork tacos with a side of green chili mac n' cheese!
