4	Viet-Thai Noodle House is tucked away around the back of McMullen Creek Shopping Center and from the outside you would probably think it was closed.  When you walk inside it's pretty dark, all of the windows are covered with white curtains which I think is nice so you aren't looking at a bunch of cars in the parking lot while you're eating.  The menu is pretty big and they serve Vietnamese, Thai and, if you ask them for it, they also have a limited menu of Lao food (the owners are actually from Laos).  Since these 3 countries are all so close to each other in Southeast Asia their cuisines share some similarities and they use similar ingredients.  I've only tried their Vietnamese food, so far, and it is very good.  I tried a couple different rice dishes which were prepared well with really fresh vegetables.  Their pho is also prepared well and comes out very quick!  Another thing they have is bubble tea with all different kinds of flavors, green tea is my favorite, a nice treat to end a good meal with!
5	This place has great  food. The thai was good, the Vietnamese was  outstanding. Prices are pretty cheep. Try the Ginger tea.
5	Oh burning hot Asian goodness! Three star hotness is all I could handle - and that's all I need. A local fix for that layered complex spicy goodness of Thai. A pad Thai with layers of complexity is what you'll get if you order the peanut classic - beware you may feel that previous Thai experiences weren't as hot. We were served a mount of noodly goodness that would be enough for two, so I can't wait for leftovers for lunch.
5	I love this place, certainly one of the best Thai places in Charlotte, and I go there every week (sometimes more than once ;-) The food is fresh and authentic, comes out quickly, and the service is great! They have a bunch of sauces on the table and will bring more if you want. They have no problem modifying the dishes to your preference, and always remember just how I like things. I can attest to what the other reviewer said, be ready for some heat if you ask for a "10" on the spiciness! My favorite dish is the Pad Kee Mao and my wife loves the Pad Thai. If you love Thai, you have to give this place a try!
5	Great Thai food! Had the Red Curry with Chicken! Oh boy is it good! It the right kind of hot, where you don't think it's hot until you finish eating and you are sweating! A must for Thai fans!
5	Viet Thai is located on the side of the mall closest to Lowes. It's a dimly lit restaurant that honestly looks really shady, but its in a strip mall with a parking lot. When I walked in, it was also pretty quiet and there was plenty of tables and booths open.Surprisingly, this is probably as good as it gets in Charlotte for both Vietnamese and Thai food! Who woulda guessed, right? I had my doubts, as a place claiming to serve both Vietnamese and Thai food which are extremely different types of food. I think the owners are Vietnamese, but contrary to most others, they are extremely nice. When they added peanuts to the Pad Thai I ordered with NO PEANUTS, they remade it without any complaints.Spring Rolls - Would get again. They are HUGE!The Pad Thai is DELISH and comes in hearty portions. The noodles and the flavor and sauce are all right on point. Perfectly cooked every single time! Note: if you like spicy, ask for it extra spicy because "mild" is so mild that you can't taste the spice.The Pho Ga (Chicken) is also really good and has a tasty broth. The large/small didn't seem much different in size (stick with the small).The Pad See Ew - I've had better noodles, I like them more delicate.Pad Kee Mao - The mild was SO spicy! They use the same noodles as the Pad See Ew, and Lard Na. It was alright but I think one order isn't enough to fill me up. Needs more noodles.Bun Bo Hue - Spicy Beef Noodle Soup. I liked that they were really generous with the meat. But like the Pad See Ew, there weren't enough noodles. The noodles were really interesting, most people use pho noodles, but these were white round rice noodles, kinda chewy and bouncy. Would return for this when I'm craving beef.Black Milk Tea with Boba - SKIP! Tastes like soap, probably because they use jasmine tea or something. The bubble drinks here are made with powder, so I would not recommend the fruit ones.Vietnamese Iced Coffee - SO GOOD. and they give you alot too!
4	Went here on my way through town. Very good food.  Service was quick, plenty of meat in my Pad Thai and good spice. Highly recommend
5	Love Thai food and this is the good stuff.  Friendly staff, huge menu.  Our party of 11 adults all had different items and all received high marks.  The Google pin on the map is slightly off and will mislead you.  This place is in a small shopping center right across from the main parking lot of Lowes across the street.    Fantastic all around.
5	When Viet Thai first opened many moons ago, we went barreling in  one evening and what I remember was it being newly painted, sparse and no alcohol license yet.  So a group of eight, turned around to leave, my mom tells the man, "we come back when you have alcohol."  I thought good lord, let me get this woman out of here!I decided to give it a try yesterday, it looked totally different from my first visit. The two people were working were pleasant and efficient.  I ordered fresh rolls and vermicelli with pork.  There is something very addictive in Vietnamese food, maybe it's the cilantro and mint or the fish sauce, but you can bet, I want to eat there again today.And yes, mama, they do have alcohol, it's safe to return.
4	This restaurant is great for satisfying appetites of a group! Because they offer both Vietnamese and Thai cuisine, there is a large menu with lots of delicious options. The restaurant is comfortable, features a full bar and TVs, and has a few fun fish tanks. The service has always been prompt and friendly, and the food has always come out very quickly. Portions are a good size- I always had leftovers. They also have bubble tea- I haven't found it other places in Charlotte. They have about 20 different flavors- I only tried Black Milk tea, but it was comparable to the Bubble Tea I've had in NYC. Overall, I would recommend!
5	My wife and I were looking for something new and found this place via yelp. It doesn't look like much from the outside and it's hard to find. But we weren't disappointed. It's my first time to try Vietnamese food. It was delicious. We had summer rolls for an app, very good. I had a pork and rice dish, my wife a chicken and noodles. The staff was courteous, food quick and tasty, a nice relaxing atmosphere.
5	I came to the Viet Thai Noodle House based upon the reviews I had seen on Yelp and I was not disappointed.  The Noodle House is located in a small strip mall behind the Burlington Coat Factory near Highway 51.  The exterior is fairly unassuming and I had not seen it on previous trips where I drove by the location. The inside is clean and looks like what you would expect a small independent Asian restaurant to look like with some Asian style decorations ample spaced out seating.  I sat at the small bar where the Phillies game was on and it was completely empty so it felt almost like a private location.  I order a Thai Tea which I had not had before and while I enjoyed it I am not positive I would get again.  I think I prefer the Vietnamese style iced coffee with condensed milk which they also have on the menu.  I ordered one of the items off the chef's special section of the menu called Mi Xao Dac Biet which was 12.95 and included stir fried egg noodles, squid, shrimp, fish balls, crab sticks, and chicken.  It also included a huge number of vegetables which were not listed, but were definitely appreciated.  The meal itself was quite fresh and the portion was huge.  I would say for most people it would be 2-3 meals and it might be a good item to order if you were sharing with a group.  The food was well prepared and seasoned and the noodles were perfectly fried and not greasy.  I did look around for what others were eating and most of the clientele seemed to be going with the soup selections which looked savory and delicious.  I plan on returning and I think I will probably try the Sukiyaki during my next visit which I saw someone order and which looked great.  The service was prompt and friendly and overall the meal was very worthwhile.
5	Yeah, I bet all ya'll South Charlottans feel pretty cool, huh? Having the best Thai in Charlotte down there, floating around the perimeter like frickin' Pluto? 485, shmoreightyfive. I'm down to drive the CrapRV out here for a meal like I had the other night any night of the week. Except for Monday. On which they are closed.First signs of kickassness: bitter melon chunks, skewered and grilled, on the veg satay app. So maybe Julia Child knew how awesome hot Cukes can be (see: braised cucumbers, Mastering the Art of French Cooking, 1961) but the fact has escaped our collective palates since. Here's the bitter melon, all funny looking, spiny, sea urchin cuke, dipped in a molassessy sauce, grilled to translucency, making my frickin' day.  Mushrooms were there too. Some tofu. Perfect.Then out comes the curry (they made it tongue-searingly hot, as requested) - and the best fried rice (full of veggies, more melon, smoky, salty, sweet, nutty) - and these noodles (if all Pad Thai tasted this awesome, Thai food snobs would quit snubbing the stuff) - and everyone's just smiling, stuffing their faces, kind of surprised, shoving it in like the oasis of really, really good food is about to vanish. Sorry, Monsoon, but you've been supplanted. Viet-Thai, I love you.
5	I had lunch at the Viet-Thai Noodle house late on a Sunday afternoon, about 2pm.  The atmosphere is very nice, typical Asian decor, clean and well maintained.  The place was pretty empty, there was only one other party there when I came in.  I ordered the summer rolls, goi cuon, & pho tai, rare beef with green onions and cilantro.  The pho comes in 3 sizes medium, large, and XL.  I ordered the XL, being an XL guy.  The summer rolls came out very quickly.  The rice paper wrapper was sticky and chewy, nice compliment to crunch of the fresh vegetables inside.  The peanut sauce was excellent.  The rolls were enormous and reasonably priced, $3.75 for an order of two.  I don't know if the staff waited til I finished my summer rolls or it was just a coincidence, but my server brought the pho tai out a couple of minutes after I finished them.  I dumped the bean sprouts and jalapenos right into the steaming hot soup then added some basil leaves and lime juice.  The broth was steaming hot and had a nice rich flavor.  I didn't have them spice the soup up, so I added a generous shot of srichacha sauce to give it some kick.  I have tried eating the noodled with chop sticks and usually windup wearing more than I eat, so I stuck with a fork.  The beef was tender and delicious.  With the restaurant being pretty empty the service was excellent, very friendly and making sure I had everything I needed.  I got the feeling though if the place was busier that the service would still be excellent.  The prices are very reasonable, being about the same as most places I have visited while I have been here in Charlotte (the XL Pho Tai was $9.50).   I will definitely come back here to try the Pad Thai and other items.
4	I drove around the parking lot looking for this place, and thought maybe I was at the wrong shopping center...luckily I found it on the back side.  I'm really glad I didn't give up.I went in for a late lunch, and it was empty, but I was greeted by the friendly proprietor and seated quickly.  I've never had Vietnamese cuisine before, so with some help from my server, I ordered the large beef combination pho and some spring rolls to start.  The spring rolls were excellent, but once I saw the bowl of noodles, I realized I probably should have skipped them.  The broth was delicious, especially after a little siracha, with plenty of noodles and beef.  I would probably skip the tripe and meatballs next time, but everything else was great.  I was full about half way through, but it tasted so good I had to finish the bowl.Probably more like 4 1/2 stars, but that's not an option.  I'll definitely be back.
5	Hidden treasure. Located in a pretty hard to find Lowe's parking lot (or opposite to it? Can't remember.). Definitely was worth the driving around to find the place.Very friendly service. Food was yummy - we ordered Pad Thai and Pad Khing. Thai hot was a flavorful hot as opposed to burning-mouth-taste-only-chilli-hot.
5	Best pho in Charlotte by far.  You know it's gonna be good when the menu has that many spelling mistakes, also try the summer rolls w/ peanut sauce- very tasty.
4	If you're willing to dig for this place, considering it's tucked away in some undiscovered cove at the Lowe's shopping center off of Highway 51, then you won't be disappointed. It's a small place, maybe 15 tables tops, but the variety of Vietnamese and Thai dishes will leave you thirsting for more. I love the Pho Ga, and it's always good that the chef will tailor the spicy taste to your preference. Friendly staff, and you'll get your order served to you pretty quickly. Since I've been craving noodles and Pho like some addict lately, Viet-Thai Noodle House has been the perfect place to satisfy my jones.
3	Just tried the pho. its good.
4	Anytime I see "noodle house" my mouth starts to water.  I have seen this restaurant a while back but haven't had a chance to go.  This past Sunday I was in the mood for some vietnamese noodle soup and decided that I wanted to try somewhere different than the normal vietnamese restaurants that I go to in town.Like most Vietnamese/Thai restaurants, this place is located in the most unassuming location.  As soon as I opened the door, I can smell all the wonderful aromatics that come from an authentic Viet or Thai kitchen.  It's indescribable.  The place was pretty large but not many tables.  I assume that it's family owned since the family was having lunch at one of the back booths.I ordered the goi cuon (vietnamese spring rolls) and bun bo hue noodle soup.  The goi cuon tasted like home made vietnamese spring rolls that my mom makes during the holidays.  Be careful eating them though because those suckers were very hot, but yummy!  Bun bo hue for those of you who have not had the pleasure of tasting is primarily beef and lemon grass based soup although it normally also has pork or pig feet in it.   If you are new to the noodle soup scene and have only tried pho and love it, well then you would love bun bo hue.  Just try it next time you hit up a Vietnamese restaurant.  Back to my soup.  It's served with large rice noodles and an assortment of fresh veggies (bean sprouts, sliced banana leaves, purple cabbage, lime, cilantro and shrimp paste).  It was so flavorful and delicous.  I ate everything and drank all the soup.  No complaints what so ever.My boyfriend got the beef pad thai.  Not the best I've ever had.  Would say it's a 6.5 out of 10.  The cook must have had a heavy hand when adding the fish sauce that particular day.  Overall it was a really good restaurant.  I've even invited friends to join me for lunch there this weekend.  Can't wait to try the other dishes.PS - The menu was pretty diverse with authentic Thai food from curries to laarb to paad kee mao, etc.  Vietnamese food included pork chop rice plates, bun, and pho.  It also had a vegetarian section.Went back today for lunch with friends and also had their roasted pork fried rice.  Delicious!
4	Not easy to find. In the back of a shopping center. In went there for Pho all the time. It's the closest I can find to the noodle I had home in China.
4	Last night I totally could have been mistaken for an anime character at the rate and gusto I was slurping up my seafood pho.  Embarrassing as it was, it was so worth it.  Our original dinner plans fell by the wayside so we drove over to Viet-Thai and I was super super hungry.  The funny part about it is that our group of 3 ordered the same thing, but we all had different sizes... My mom opted to go with the medium... My uncle opted for the large, and I took the "papa bear" size XL.....Service was good.  You can really feel the effort and care that the owners/servers had for the place.  Probably not the most efficient and fast place, but I think the additional "down time" help add to the relaxing ambiance of the dining room.  Really there is something to be said about taking your time to eat versus the fast food (drive-thru window) mentality.Can't wait to come back and try their thai.  It looked amazing on the other tables and going into other people's mouths - yes, I was "that guy" last night staring at everyone and their food (I was starving!).
4	This little non-descript (from the outside) place is a bit hard to find the first time since it is discreetly tucked in the back of the shopping center. It is a good thing I was going with a group of people who had been before, or I am not sure if I would have found it.   The spring rolls and soups are great here...as are the various noodle dishes that I've tried. I love Thai food, but I usually try something Vietnamese just to get  something that isn't readily available at some of the other Asian restaurants that I like. It is certainly not a fancy place, but if you want really good food at reasonable prices,  you should give it a try.  I have now been back on a couple of occasions and generally find the service to be as good as the food.
4	A bit of a trip to find (both the best and worst thing about hole-in-the-walls), Viet-Thai Noodle House didn't try to wow us with flashy presentations. The menu of around six pages was impressive enough, and for my brother's maiden attempt at Viet/Thai food, the choice was not easy.After sifting through soups, curries, and pad thai, he settled on a beef pad prik khing, a spicy red-curry based dish. I went with a pho do bien soup, and even though I thought that a brothy soup on a summer night might not be the best choice, the medium sized bowl was more than filling, and a pleasant variety of flavors.The soup menu is one of the biggest I've seen, and the pho I got had squid, fish balls, and crab in it, with some really great cilantro flavor. The condiment plates that come along with the soup have bean sprouts, basil, and jalapenos for a little more texture and taste.I saw families dining and quiet couples dining there (I guess we were a little of both). That's a pretty good indication of the atmosphere: not blaringly trendy and not tackily decorated.Charlotte actually has a pretty broad variety of ethnic restaurants, and it's safe to say this is one the city should treasure.
4	Last night I had dinner here and as usual (I know what to order because I have been eating here about 5 years) it was very good!  Vietnamese Dinner and a Thai Dessert - Great Combo!  The Entree was #34 (Com Thit Heo Nuong) Grilled Pork and two extra orders of Grilled Pork on Rice topped with a Heap of Cilantro - Tomato, Cucumber and Shredded Cabbage and Carrot on the side, with a bowl of Sweet and Sour Fish Sauce to pour over!   Mango's are in season and it is not on the menu (because it is seasonal)  here they call it: Sweet Rice with Mango Ice Cream Topped with Raisins and Peanuts with a skinned and sliced Mango (half - no pit) on top of warm sweet and sticky green Rice!!!  The service is always very good!
5	I find myself craving their delicious pho quite often. The place itself is nice and quiet, the service is very relaxed and friendly. Overall this is an old favorite. I would recommend it to friends!
4	I stepped into another world eating the food at Viet-Thai. I am always looking to one up the spring roll and soup challenge and sure enough both the soup and rolls had my mouth watering for more. I could not get enough of the peanut dipping sauce and the large slices of ginger in their shrimp tom yum soup. The shrimp spring rolls were awesome with the fresh taste of basil, lemongrass and of course shrimp (none of the sketchy sorts either) . The rolls were large for an appetizer s a plus if you want to share a minus if you don't. I decided to be stingy and keep both for myself. Onto the amazing soup again good portion size at this point I was getting stuffed but I forged on in my quest to finish the entire bowl. Can we say fresh shrimp, large mushrooms, tomatoes, ginger, lemongrass and that drink it from the bowl sweet and sour broth? As always service was prompt and attentive but hey I could get 3/4 of the way through my water glass before it was refilled. Bonus. I cannot say good enough things about this place. I wish I had room for the Vietnamese coffee but that may have sent me over the edge.
5	Last Saturday Night (skipping Charlotte Restaurant Week on Saturday) I had one of the best Thai meals I have eaten anywhere!!!Viet Thai's version of Pad Thai is my Favorite!  This time I ordered it with Shrimp, Chicken and Pork.  Then I had: Nam Tok "Waterfall Beef Salad" Grilled Steak, Hot Chilli's, Cool Mint, Cucumbers, Cilantro, Red Onions - NO lettuce (YAY!!!) That is my kind of Salad (Makes the Zalad list for sure)!!!  If you have never had Waterfall beef salad you may want to share it with several people, it is very different and a lot of one taste, though the taste could be quickly acquired it may take more than one meal!  For Dessert I had Vietnamese Iced Coffee (sweetened with Sweetened Condensed Milk) - Fantastic!  As always the service was perfect!
4	Such a great find ... pho shizzle! Anyone craving pho in Charlotte needs to come here.
5	This restaurant is in a strip mall.  I have always had the best experiences at Thai restaurants in strip malls so I was very excited and Viet-Thai Noodle House delivered!  The summer rolls were fantastic.  Very fresh and crispy.  I ordered the red curry and I forgot to increase the spicyness level but it was absolutely fantastic.  This was a stop on the way to the airport and I was wishing I could have ordered another dish to take home with me and unfortunately could not.
4	So I love Thai food!  Take this with the grain of salt considering I only order Pad Thai and curries.  Yea, yea...I should branch out...but it's so difficult when you like something so much.So how does the Viet Thai Noodle House stack up?  I had the Pork Pad Thai and was very pleased.  It was definitely different from the Pad Thai I've been accustomed to...but I usually get beef...so maybe the pork threw  me off.  Anyhow, a friend and I both ordered the same dish with a hot rating of 3.  I couldn't have loved it more...perfect amount of heat for me.  I do however...really enjoy heat...so a 3 may not be a great idea for someone new to Thai food.  Next time I'll try a 4...but it scares me a bit.The inside of the VTNH was exactly what I expected...well...except for the fish tanks.  The decor and atmosphere are casual and simple.  It's not a five-star experience...but I haven't had better Thai food in years.  I will definitely be going back...in fact...I'm wondering if lunch and dinner at the same restaurant on the same day would be crossing the line.Try:  The Pad Thai  (The Pho looked good...but I didn't try it)Avoid:  Finding this place on your own...ask a friend or call the restaurant for directions.
3	We went there once looking for a place with decent thai food. This place is decent. It has the standard thai dishes. Bubble tea was good too.
4	It was a little hard for us to find but totally worth it. We will be returning soon to try something new next week.
4	What a delicious Thai house! It's been a few months since my husband and I were in the neighborhood. We heard great things about it and I would have to agree, it's a good place. It was a bit tricky to find...it's on the backside of a strip mall.They give you menus with a wooden cover...nice touch. The server was efficient and attentive. We went on an off-time, but the food was still freshly made and flavorful. I ordered a seafood noodle dish (can't remember the name and I branched out) and it was yummy! Hubs stuck with the staple veggie pad thai. I had a great first time and look forward to coming back for another go!
5	Finally. Thai food in Charlotte that makes me smile and feel happy. Let's see: tastes authentic;  check. Not overpriced: check. Server is Thai: check. Yes.  I LIKE it!Let me give you some perspective. I love Thai; have spent time in Thailand and I'm picky when it comes to Thai restaurants. Viet-Thai Noodle House isn't "THE" best Thai restaurant I've ever been to but it's top notch authentic Thai that brings a smile to my face and it's just as good as Bangkok. I gave it five stars not because it's the best I've "ever" had (though it's definitely up there), but because it's far and away the best I've had in Charlotte. I had the (something) Prix Khing Ped (chicken). It's grilled chicken with green beans and chopped sweet red and green pepper served in a red curry sauce with rice. I told my server that I liked my spice"Bangkok normal" and she suggested I don't add spice. It wasn't spicy at all when it came out but I wasn't upset at all. I'd rather have to add chili than not be able to eat a dish and that's just what I did. I learned the hard way that mild at one place can be "native" at another so I always err on too mild my first time to a place I haven't been to before.  Next time I'll try three stars of heat and adjust from there. Once I got the heat where I like it, it was just as good as being back in Thailand. A special treat...There's this strange (to me) drink in Thailand that they call "Nam Pan."  I never saw it in the USA until today. In English, at Viet-Thai Noodle House they call it "Bubble Tea."  The first time I had it was in Bangkok when a Thai friend got one for me from a street vendor. When I took my first sip, I suddenly felt these little "balls" in my mouth and they kinda tickled and felt so funny I started giggling.  It was like a fruit smoothie with these weird balls. I loved it. The balls are kinda soft and chewy. They're the size of blueberries. They're kinda gluteny and it turns out they're made from some kind of flour. This drink is a hoot.  At least try it once.  If you like smoothies you'll be hard pressed not to like "Nam Pan."I'm DEFINITELY coming back. Grin.  Can't wait.
4	I love the noodles.  They don't bother me when I'm reading.  The portions are super big.  The only down side is the beef is sometimes dry.Pretty neat fish tank too.
4	Viet-Thai is a pretty nice laid back kind of place.  I love going there and eating the pho.  When it's cold out, this restaurant is the place to be to warm you up.  All the goosebumps go away once I start slurpin stuff...PHO'sho!  My husband also got me addicted to their appetizer.  I don't know the name, but it has shrip with crispy noodles wrapped around it.  Delish!
4	This restaurant renewed my interest in Vietnamese cuisine (after being disappointed in last couple Vietnamese restaurants I've tried). It's out of the way a bit, but worth the extra effort to find.
5	Our family go to Viet Thai Noodle House at least every two weeks. The Noodle(Pho) here is great tasting and is my favorite among the Vietnamese restaurants in Charlotte.   I loved the plate of bean sprouts and fresh Thai basil that is served with the soup. I recently discovered that this place has the best Larb and sticky rice than all of the Thai restaurants that I normally go to (I am Thai BTW). Tom Kah Gai here is spicier than at Thai House and Thai Taste and contained fresh Kah and Lemon Grass with more coconut milk in the broth. Som Tum(Papaya Salad) that is made here is the closest to Som Tum made in northern Thailand. I ordered 4 stars one time and had sweats running down my neck half way through eating it.For those who like to see famous faces, this is also a favorite restaurant for Ben Bernanke when he visits his family in Charlotte.
4	For a medium sized city such as Charlotte, this is a pretty darn good Vitenamese/Thai/Lao restaraunt!!! This is one of those places that you find on accident, but the food will keep you coming back! The people are nice (most of the time), the menu is to-the-point (good variety but not overwhelming) and the price is very generous. For those customers that are not familiar with southeast asian cuisine, it may be hard to figure out the dishes, since their descriptions are very similar. I'm usually not a fan of restaraunt made Pad-thai noodles, but I have to say, this places serves one of the best Pad-thai's I've ever eaten here in the States.
4	Inexpensive, tasty, excellent potions sizes.  Quiet, yet busy.
4	Delicious Thai at the back of a shopping center.  The restaurant itself is nice and roomy inside.  The food was great, I had a delicious curry.  In addition to the many food options, they also have various bubble teas and smoothies.  The service was good as well.
4	Friendly and reasonably priced. Food is decent.
4	Really really good!
5	Love Phoe soup but very particular of how it should taste. Viet-Thai hits it right on the nose!  Finally after searching throughout Charlotte, we found a place that KNOWS how to make Phoe soup. Thanks Viet-Thai!
4	hubs got 5 star hot curry and it was really great. I got their pad thai, but really wished I would have went with my original order ( I changed my mind as soon as I ordered). I really wanted the grilled chicken with the vermicelli noodles, but hey  I will go back and get that next time. my 11 yr old got the grilled chicken rice dish and the chicken was spiced perfectly. Their fish sauce was delish. Plan on going back. Oh, btw they have bubble tea. we got coconut and it was very tasty. the little bubbles weren't as big as other places, that is a plus. prices were good, but as usual if you go anywhere on a sunday, you are not going to get the great lunch prices.
5	This is our favorite restaurant.  If Yelp had 6 stars, we would give it.  The pho is incredibly good and fresh.  It's freaking addictive.  The family that runs the restaurant greets us with such enthusiasm each time we come. Be sure to ask the waitress for recommendations.  Let us recommend some dishes.  For appetizers, try Tom Kha Gai (#9) or Yum Woon Sen (#16).  The Pho Do Bien (#51) is a no brainier.  Totally addictive.  They have a dish nicknamed "drunken noodle" that is off the hook good.  Don't remember the number though.  The curry dishes are awesome.  Try them as-is.  This is an authentic Vietnamese restaurant so they turn up the heat.
5	My heart was filled with happiness after my meal here! I've been in Charlotte for a little over a year now, but lived in San Jose prior to this. For those of you who don't know this, you get the best Asian food (and I say 'Asian' because you can get terrific Thai, Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Vietnamese food) in the bay area! I gave up hope on ever finding a great Vietnamese / Thai restaurant here. There is Basil in uptown, but that's more of a fancy / expensive-ish Friday night dinner kinda place. Anyway, back to Viet-Thai Noodle house - I was so impressed with the food, it wasn't super fancy or anything, it was just flavorful and good! We had the tom yum soup, a fried shrimp appetizer, chicken and rice for the main dish and a smoothie bubble tea too. The restaurant is in a strip mall, which I wasn't excited about, but once the food came to the table, I couldn't care less about where the restaurant was located. The staff is very nice and friendly too. I know where to go now when I need some real soul satisfying grub.
4	I enjoyed my lunch experience. I tried a thai noodle dish similar to pad thai except the noodles are wider. I really liked the sauce in the dish. It was listed as being a spicy dish. Most traditional Thai food when listed as spicy is hot. This dish wasn't. The prices are average . My husband ordered pho which had a good flavor but the accompanying basil, bean sprouts could have been better. Overall the experience is nice and I particularly enjoy Thai dishes while he enjoys Pho so it was nice that we could dine in one place and both order our preferences.
5	AMAZING pho!  I always eat here when I'm in the area; the food is consistently delicious and reasonably priced.
5	Delicious Thai and Vietnamese, this is our third visit today for lunch.  Food is really good, my menu favovitesReally enjoy:Fried Rice, delicious Chicken Fried Rice with big chunks of onion and tomotoe#51 Chicken Pho wPad Thai with Chicken and ShrimpSummer Spring Rolls
4	i'm really skeptical when it comes to viet food but this place tasted great! The flavor was intense and I was super happy with the take-out order!I didn't try their bubble tea and the reason for that is it's made from powder. Anyone who is a bubble tea fanatic knows that good bubble tea is NEVER be made from powder. I gave it a four stars because they didn't have the vietnamese sub and because i think the price is a bit high for the contents (rice noodles + vegetables = $10).
5	This place has the best pho I've ever had! The flavors meld perfectly and the veggies and meats are very fresh. I usually have the vegetarian pho, just because I love how the tofu tastes after absorbing all the broth, mmmm! Even their thai iced tea is great.Since my boyfriend loves Thai food and I'm crazy about pho, this is a good place to please both our cravings. The last time we went there we ordered the summer rolls as appetizers which were just like they are everywhere else. My boyfriend had the red curry with a spice level of 4. It was wayyy spicier than he expected but he enjoyed it nevertheless. It was delicious. The next time he tried something called Pad Kratiem Prik Thai (okay I had to Google that since they don't have a menu online and the name is so uncommon), which is chicken with garlic and white pepper. It was mind blowing! This makes me realize something, since I always get the veggie pho, I hardly know about any of the other dishes here but whatever I have tried from my companion's order, I have consistently loved. I don't think there is anything here that I haven't liked and even thinking about it all is making my mouth water right now.Even the owners and servers are very friendly and the service is very prompt. I highly recommend this place for anyone looking for some flavorful Vietnamese or Thai food.
5	Shocked! Probably the best Pho I've had in a very long time. The restaurant doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside, it's fabulous. The funny thing is that everyone there was busy eating and watching the Olympic Trials. Hardly anyone was conversing! That's generally a good sign with how food tastes. Ordered Veggie/Tofu Pho and loved it. Be sure to ask for some Chili sauce to further enhance the overall flavor. TRUST ME! RECOMMENDATION: Try the Thai Iced Tea. Excellent! The staff is incredibly friendly. In fact, we ordered a Medium Pho for two people, and they accidentally gave us a Large with no extra charge. Refilled drinks frequently. Great place for a date.Update: I've been here four times since.
4	The food is top notch.  I'll keep coming back for the pho and the vermicelli.  The service, as it appears to be with most un-americanized Asian establishments, is lacking severely.  We ordered a few things to split, amongst them the pho, asked for a split of that item into 2 bowls, seemed like an impossibility.  They just insisted they would help split the damn thing at the table with chopsticks and a small serving spoon.  Split it in the effin kitchen! It defies logic to try to do something so messy out at the table.  We did say to hell with it and just ordered a second one.  (They win?) I tip well here, i don't think i'm going to anymore, they don't care if i do, and they don't accommodate me, or remember me, ever, so you know...but all aside the food is killer.
3	If you part on the side of the complex near the Burlington Coat Factory, look for the sign that says "Noodle House" and you'll find it.We ordered the chicken larb - which was pretty spot on and authentic.My friend had the bun bo hue - not enough flavor in the soup, not terrible just not great. No pig feet but that's rare in Charlotte to have something *that* authentic.I had the pork ka prow - the veggies were not Thai at all, just generic stir-fry mix and the flavors were muted. It could have used a lot more basil.Overall, it was about $60 for 2 entrees and an appetizer which I think is a bit much for what should be cheap.
3	Checking off the list of places to eat on a random weekend afternoon and we decided to go for sushi. Then we pulled up and saw Viet-Thai and thought that it sounded so much better.The worst part about this place is finding it. As has been said previously, if you pull in from 51, you are going to have a tough time, because they are not located on that side. You could park and walk through or around, but it's not the easiest way to get there. Much better to come in from McMullen Creek (either from 51 or Johnston, but from Johnston you will likely see them). Just remember they are on the back side of the building.Once inside, staff is awesomely friendly, and the menus are great - all sorts of both Thai and Vietnamese dishes to whet your appetite. The worst part is figuring out what you want. Portions are good-sized, with some to take home for leftovers!
3	It's alright I guess. My bun bo hue was a touch too bland and my friends basil pork thing was several touches blander. All the more curious because the chicken larb was pretty solid tasting and flavorful.
5	A fantastic find. I know I will be eating here a lot!
5	Best thai ever trust me so so good the food is amazing.  They have so many menu choices that all sound delicious that I was tempted to get two dishes that night, especially since I was starving.  Spicy don't ask for mild it would not be mild it will be very spicy. This was great authentic Thai food, yes, I did get the Pad Thai. Service is quick and efficient for a place that's popular.
5	Let's just say my friends and I come here once a week, if not more. They are a hidden gem with authentic Thai and Vietnamese food. The staff is used to seeing me and they are friendly and sociable with everyone. Everything on the menu is delicious. Honestly the only thing I won't eat is the tripe and tendon in the pho. I always get house special com dia, a rice dish. I also enjoy the bun, which is a rice noodle salad. The pad see ew is scrumptious! All of their Thai dishes are good and perfectly spiced. They have excellent broth for the pho. I love it! They also have yummy fresh squeezed orange juice and bubble tea! You have to try it!
5	OK. So i wrote a review last year and had to delete it bc this is my favorite place and i have tasted different things on the menu. I have become a regular and will drive miles to have the best pad thai, pho, and great friendly staff in town. I have bought friends to this restaurant bc of the food. My regulars are:pad thaipad saweethai tea with bobapapaya salad (spicy please!) Pho (with everything!)viet or thai fried riceegg rolls taro smoothie with boba...Toni is the best waitress. She is always in smiles! ALSO the place is hard to find. DO NOT BE CONFUSED WITH THAI HOUSE. !!! Viet-thai noodle house is behind Burlington coat factory, in front of lowes. Different parking lot.
1	I love Thai food and was looking to add another Thai place to my fav list here in Charlotte.  I stopped here and got two dinners to go.  What a huge disappointment.  The chicken dish I got for my father.. we had to search for quite some time before we were able to find even a small piece of chicken.  And my dish tasted so bad (low quality) that after a few bites I had to throw it out.. and I hate wasting food.If I tried the place again, it may get better stars, but unfortunately this experience was so bad, I can't pull myself to give it another try.  Sorry to give a bad review, but it was what it was.
2	I was excited to try this place and even talked a friend who had never had pho to come along. I read the reviews about the pho and was looking forward to finally finding a place close to me. I got the veggie pho and found it to be rather bland. Although I love cilantro, I was really hoping that this pho would taste llike more than just cilantro broth. I added some lime and chili sauce to the broth which helped a little but it was not as good as the phos I've had at other places. I also tried the papaya salad based on the reviews I had seen. It was very interesting and I've never tasted anything like it. The peanuts and shrimp with the papaya were an interesting combination that I think I can do without. I most likely will not be back.
5	Very happy to have found great Thai Food in Charlotte as I had tried a few places before finding Viet-Thai.  The spice levels are from 1-5 but I will tell you, its definitely spicy at a 2, and has me sweating at a 3.  That said, I cant get enough of it.  The Pad Kee Mao(drunken noodles) that they have here are amazing.  I go about two times a month or so and always take those traveling in to Charlotte for work here if they are in the mood for Thai.  Its the closest I have found to Thai food up north, and the only thing I wish that they had that they dont, is the ability to take American Express.
4	I went to Viet-Thai Noodle House based on the 4 stars average of 71 reviews AND the pictures of the food threw me over the top and convinced me to try this place. We ordered the large Tom Yum soup, Thai green curry, chicken satay and #93 (forgot what it was called). The large size soup was enough for 8 or 2 bowls to 4 people. The flavors of sour and spice was right on the money. But it was too salty for us. The Thai green curry was delicious. I was delighted to see chunks of eggplant in this dish. I LOVE eggplant. Again, it was a bit too salty. I didn't try the chicken satay. My son was disappointed it didn't come with peanut sauce. No problem, they brought the peanut sauce to us when we asked. I didn't try #93 which my husband ordered. Overall, we plan to go back this weekend. So glad its not that far of a drive because we will go more often then. My husband liked the green curry so much he said he will order it next time. I will order a noodle dish next time to try something different. We will also ask if they would lighten up on the salt. Our waiter was very nice.
5	I can't believe I haven't written a review about this place yet!!  Now let me preface this by saying I am not a connoisseur of Vietnamese or Thai food however I absolutely LOVE this restaurant and it has never disappointed.  Everything I have tried here from the Pad See Ew, to the Bun to the Pho has been amazing. Full of flavor, and the heat is made to your specifications.  Their medium hot is more like "Thai Hot" and I love it but it's also forewarning those looking for a true medium hot.  I have tried many of the other Thai places including Thai House and while some of them are good none of them compare to Viet-Thai in my opinion.  One of my foodie friends and I go here weekly, they know who we are when we walk in and the service is always impeccable.  It's located in the back of a strip mall off of HWY 51 and can be hard to find the first time you go looking for it but I guarantee you won't forget where it is!
4	My husband and I went here mainly because they had bubble tea, but were more pleased with the food! I had Pho and it was full of flavor, fresh tasting and a huge portion! My husband got a Thai dish that set him on fire but in a good way! The staff was very friendly and the atmosphere was good. Not the best decor but easy and relaxed. We will definitely go back when in Charlotte.
5	Great food. Great staff. Decent priced.
5	We went with a big group so we go to try lots of plates, the service was great and food was super tasty, pad tai highly recommended !!!! Pineapple fried rice delish, the shrimp appetizer was crazy good, so where the spring rolls and summer rolls!! Will definitely be back!!!
4	I love pho. And I love pad thai! And Viet-Thai Noodle House hits the spot for both! The food is always consistent and the service is very attentive and friendly. My hubby and I come here quite often and we leave with a full belly. The portions are good, although I could eat more than 2 spring rolls in their standard order. If you're looking for good authentic Vietnamese and Thai in South Charlotte, look no further.
4	Yum.  Pad Thai yum. Summer roll really yum.  Now new favorite.
3	Three and 1/2 stars - still better than Deejay Thai in my book. I personally don't care for hybrid restaurants but at least Vietnam and Thailand are neighbors and totally unlike Japan's, their cuisine share similarities Based on taste alone I would have easily rated it 4 stars but ... first impression is not so great. The place is dark and dingy, you're greeted by two banquettes with ripped seats by the door plus the Thai menu is extremely limited - only one page long.I wanted to try a duck dish -as always- but they don't serve any. M'kay, so we ordered a shrimp Tum Yum, a Pad Thai and a Shrimp and Eggplant stir fry and asked for everything to be spiced Medium hot.  We were served a good size bowl of Tum Yum with the usual tomato chunks, mushrooms and shrimps but much more important also galanga, lemongrass, lime leaves, chili etc. Now THAT's how Tum Yum is made - caveat: it was a little heavy handed with lemongrass which could make it too strong for some. I've had better, but not much better and not in Charlotte.The Pad Thai was excellent, no other way to describe it. Lighter than the one we enjoyed at Thai orchid a few days earlier, but better for it. The Japanese eggplant  was served with shrimp, onions and green and red peppers in a sweet chili sauce that left us with a sweet after taste. It was obviously stir fried to order and the eggplant was simply delicious, but for some reason I wished the red peppers had been cooked a little longer. The final result didn't make me think of "a dish" as much as of different ingredients sharing the same plate. Service was as expected, no complaints. We were charged dinner prices , $8 for the soup, about $13 for a dish because this was on a Sunday, which was fine because they made it up in quantity : we couldn't finish it all. To sum it up great food, wish it was closer. I think the limited menu and sad decor won't warrant what is a 20 mile round trip for us ... not unless we're badly craving for Tum Yum.
4	Ok, so I've been on a nationwide search for my new favorite kind of food, Thai.  Since all the cool Yelpers have been to Viet Thai sweetie and I went for dinner tonight.I was a bit ahead of the game and found it right away thanks to everyone else's directions and drove in from Johnston Rd.  Pretty non descript place and from the other diners I could tell the food was authentic from the moment I walked in.Started out with the Ginger Tea which was so tasty, I wish I could make it like that at home.  Hot and steamy with such a fresh ginger flavor it really opened up my tastebuds for what was to come.  We started off with the summer rolls, steamed shrimp, lettuce, cucumber, fresh cilantro, carrots and vermicelli noodles wrapped tightly in rice paper and served with peanut sauce.  Compared to other similar rolls they were very generous with the shrimp and the cilantro tasted like it was right off the stem....delicious!I am working on becoming more adventurous with my thai selections and I vowed not to order my standard Pad Thai, so I went with the # 93 Pad Kratiem Prick Thai (Pretty authentic sounding huh?).  Marinated chicken stir fried with garlic, and Thai white pepper, cilantro and scallions served with broccoli.  The key to this dish was the fresh ingredients, especially the strong ones.  The cilantro and garlic were so darn flavorful and added so much depth to the meal.  Thai White Pepper, whatever that is also was able to be distinctively tasted throughout and was a nice addition.  Since I am a true pansy on the "spice" meter I ordered it "Mid" which was not spicy at all.  Sweetie ordered her meal at "Medium" which is one step above "mid" and let's just say she won't get any smooches tonight since I don't want the spiciness to transfer to me.  She was lit up the entire meal.Service was a bit lacking IMO, once they dropped off the meal we didn't have anyone stop by or check on us until it was time for the check.Great experience, great flavor and value.  For everything we were out $33.00 without tip.  We'll be back.
4	Great food- will go back.
5	If its pho you want it's pho you get.   I haven't made it past that but I'm very happy with the product.  Nice to have it on this side of town as well.
5	Viet Thai has incredible, authentic food. Their soups are delicious, always hot and fresh tasting (and quick if you're wanting a to-go order). #92 is my favorite, chicken, cashews, pineapple and loads of fresh veggies - get it spicy (they offer spices on a scale of 1-5 stars or will bring you a spice rack if you're daring). Everyone I have taken with me has loved their dishes as well. The Vietnamese dishes are just as tasty as the Thai dishes if you're looking for something a little different. Very fast and courteous service!
4	Excellent vegetarian pho and shrimp rolls. Found it unfortunate that they did not honor lunch prices on Sunday, but we had a great experience. Green curry was great too!
5	I go here much more often than is good for the waist line.  Food is great and consistent, service is very good, and the people are nice.
5	Excellent,   every time I am hungry and on this part of town, its never a question ! ! ! The Chicken Drunken Noodles is the best ! !!    Fresh Rolls are always FRESH ! who can ask for better ! !    unless you are in Thailand,  BUT  That gets expensive !  lol
4	great PHO!  love their all vegi option.  They give you plenty of the fixins, great service and bubble TEA - yummy.
2	Did I go to the same restaurant as all these other Yelpers?? I was seriously underwhelmed when I ate at here.After reading all the rave reviews, I decided to give this place a shot. I ordered the Pad Thai and while the portions were large, the quality was okay at best. I feel like I could have made that meal out of a box at home (and paid less).My server was a very sweet young man and although he was busy many tables he still took time to talk to us, answer our questions, and our cups were never empty.The atmosphere leaves much to be desired. The inside was dark and a little dingy-looking. We were seated facing the large, dirty fish tank in the back of the dining room... those poor fish looked beyond miserable. I had half a mind to start cleaning the tank myself.I won't be coming back. Thank God I found Lang Van to get my Vietnamese/Thai fix.
4	Unlike Thai-Viet in Indian Trail, I love this place! The curries are good, the pho is great, and the pad thai is good as well. The staff has always been friendly and the restaurant has plenty of room to feel somewhat private as you eat. The decorations are nice and you can feel comfortable (not crowded). Try the tea/bubble tea.
5	Love. Love. Love. We go once a month for summer rolls, waterfall, and pho. It is always fresh and amazing. We also order take out regularly- summer rolls and Thai basil fried rice. Viet-Thai is one of my fav spots in Charlotte!
5	The food was great, very authentic. Some of our party got Vietnamese and some got Thai and everyone was pleased. The location is cozy, good service, good food. No complaints. We got lunch size portions and it was plenty for the men and I had leftovers. Would return.
5	What a wonderful place. The decor is authentic and the atmosphere is delightfully appropriate for the genre. And the food? It was splendid. They have a wide variety of both Vietnamese and Thai dishes, all very fresh, flavorful, and the portions were very generous. Spice aficionados will also have their cravings satisfied here - they can make just about any dish as spicy as you can tolerate it ; )The server was very nice, attentive, and accommodating. I'll most certainly be coming back!
5	Of all the Thai places I've tried in Charlotte, this one is my favorite.  It's located in the back of a strip mall area so it's a little tricky to get to it but it's well worth it.  It's open every day of the week but Monday! One of the best things about this place is the people who run it.  They are very friendly and offer great recommendations if you are interested in being adventurous when browsing the extensive menu.  The folks here are also very flexible and can customize the dishes to suite your taste.  They take great pride in their food and it shows!I've ordered both Vietnamese and Thai dishes here and have always been really happy with what I picked.  Everything is fresh and full of flavor.  Some of the dishes are enormous and you will have plenty left over to take home, but there are also lighter options.  The menu, again, is extensive so if you can't find something that looks appealing then I don't know what else to tell you! I've been told that the food is as close to authentic as you will find in Charlotte.Given the outstanding service, great food, and reasonable prices, this place tops my list of Thai restaurants.
5	Papaya salad is delicious when it's spicy (my opinion)! So do try if you can take spicy. I don't like the shrimp that comes with it so my husband always eat them for me. They're not the dried tiny shrimp. but a cooked ones.Pho combination was pretty good too.
5	Quaint, authentic, whole in the wall. Absolutely amazing food - coconut boba tea and Pho Thai are to die for.Fantastic & friendly, such a good find!
5	I love the pho here! Very good costumers severice! Authentic Vietnamese food! Always my favorite place to eat pho.
3	its alright.. pretty standard.
5	I've had Vietnamese and Thai food just about all over the country and who woulda thunk it that Charlotte would be home to the best I've ever had? Bottom line: it is. BIG portions, great price, AWESOME taste. If you're ever passing by or close, make it there.
5	Very very happy I decided to come here! As far as I'm concerned, this place deserves more business (wasn't too busy when I was there), so hopefully my review will encourage others to try it.I hadn't even heard of this place until I drove past it on the way to another restaurant. I am all about Vietnamese and Thai restaurants, so I couldn't pass up. The interior decor is beautiful (a huge fish tank in the back with goldfish - always a plus). My food was delicious - green curry tofu with green bell peppers and bamboo shoots over rice. I got the Thai iced tea which was gone in under two minutes, was THAT good. Also there's a bar which was showing the game from the TV which was cool. Love this place and hope to be down in this area again to try more from their menu.
5	Visited just tonight based off the rating. Definitely delivered. I had one of the vermicelli salads and my fiance had the pineapple fried rice. Both were full of flavor and came in a pretty decent sized portion. The rest of the menu looked interesting also and I look forward to going back.
3	On the plus side it was a nice environment with soft but not too dark lighting. Quick and pleasant service and nice choice of both Vietnamese and Thai dishes. However I found some of the meat gristly and tofu on the soft side. In summary, okay but not one I'd rush back to again.
4	Broth was very good. Meaty, a bit oily, heavy on the cilantro and green onion, no black pepper, no clove or other depth but a distinct lime touch. Meat was a touch thick but great quality. Bean sprouts were wet, which is weird. Peppers great.Rolls; pretty meh. Great size, but small shrimps, no pork, shredded lettuce, basic fish sauce, no spices.Ice coffee needed more milk, could have been deeper flavored coffee tooDefinitely my best pho experience in Charlotte to date
5	HOLY CRAP this food is awesome!  I went in thinking I'd be getting pho, but NOPE went with the vietnamese noodle bowl with chicken and eggroll... had an order of the shrimp rolls with peanut sauce to start, of course... WOW what a YUMMY meal and plenty left over for lunch the next day!!  LOVE IT!  Going back with friends for dinner tomorrow night!  Pho-REAL-Delicious!
5	Ok... I went back last night and tried #53... it's Seafood Egg Noodle Soup... JUST like Pho, but with egg instead of rice noodles and with shrimp and crab rather than beef or chicken... THIS WAS AMAZINGLY tasty, fresh, and delicious!  Again, PLENTY for two meals.  I also devoured an order of their Goong Hom Sabai (wrapped shrimp) appetizer with sweet and sour sauce... DELECTABLE and beautifully presented!I think I finally have a favorite vietnamese/thai place near my home!!!
4	Food here is great. They have the variety of different kind of food from Thai, Vietnamese, and a few of Laos food.  The price is good for the portion they served.  The only thing I didn't like is they don't have enough server when crowded like lunch time. I had to ask for my drink to be refill a couple times.
4	Really good Pad Thai. My favorite in Charlotte. Just doesn't seem very clean there. It doesn't help they have a huge fish tank that looks like it hasn't been cleaned for a very long time. If you like hole in the walls, this is a good place.
3	I hoofed it out here last Saturday evening with a friend because we were both on the hunt for some good thai food and this place seemed to have the best reviews!We ended up sticking with the basics--pad thai and I added shrimp to mine.  I thought it was good, not great.  The portions were plentiful but really it was mostly noodles with chunks of tofu (that I didn't want), nothing to really add the "crunch" I have grown to love in pad thai (peanuts, sprouts, onions, SOMETHING) and there were just a few pieces of egg thrown in the mix.  Overall I just wasn't super impressed.  I got mine rather spicy but the flavor still was more of the fish sauce than anything else.  Am I crazy for wanting pad  thai that is more "peanut" in flavor?  The shrimp was too fishy and I really wish I didn't add that to the dish.  It didn't do anything for it.  Overall, the meal was "good."  That's all.  I think I need to try some other things on the menu but I was honestly a little overwhelmed by some of the options.  I wasn't sure what would have been the best thing to order nor what would be the most authentic choice.  The server was friendly but it took a long time for the meal to come out.  The lights are super bright in this restaurant and there was a screaming kid the entire time.  Not pleasant.  Also, the wine was super warm.  It tasted like it had been heated up.  yuck.I would still come back because I am pretty sure there are other things worth trying and even though this particular pad  thai was just "good" I haven't found much better in Charlotte as of yet.
4	Great food,amazing taste!Try the pad thai and fried rice with thai tea.Took 1 star off the rating because of the wait time!
5	Took us a while to find this place, but it did not disappoint me.  These are real foods of the real taste. Thai tea here is super amazing, i havent had for years. Other restaurants obviously been used powder and hurted my throat; and their meals are for good looking, so little, i was never full. The price here is little higher than other places but the meal they brought out is enough to make you full. I can actually call it a human's meal. Because other restaurants brought out so little. I hated it when they close at 3-5pm. But definitely will come back! Good services, good foods, good looking. Love it!
4	This place was amazing,  a little hard to find because it was hidden but the food is amazing and really authentic.  The service was good too, all the employees were  really nice !
5	I've been coming to this place for a long time now and noticed I haven't left a review! This place is by far the best pho place around, no matter how many different pho places I go to there aren't any that top this one for me, I'm always coming back. If you haven't tried pho and you're interested in trying it you should come here. Just remember pho has an acquired taste, you put the sauces in to please yourself, and to get to like it more all you have to do is keep on eating. Unless you really just don't like it that is. All of the employees are very friendly and there is always a family owner here. This place is my number one spot to come to for pho. Oh yeah and you can't forget about their bubble tea. Their bubble tea is pretty good too.
4	Viet-Thai has been favorite bun (vermicilli dish) in Charlotte. We came on a Saturday night and the place was pretty steady - short waits for larger parties, but we were able to sit down pretty quickly. We started with the papaya salad. Spice levels go up to 5, and we ordered ours at level 2 and my mouth was on fire. The salad came with small grilled shrimps, which really added to the huge plate of dressed papaya strands. This would be a perfect dish to order during the summer.I had the grilled shrimp bun. It was perfection. Good size bowl, great fish sauce, perfectly grilled shrimp, good amount of greens. I'm interested to try their grilled chicken bun next time. I've been turned off by the recent ones I've had around Charlotte - I don't like it when the grilled chicken is cooked too dry - but I'm curious to try Viet-Thai's version. Our servers were super helpful and made sure our beverages were constantly filled. It was a great dining experience.
5	Yeah, I knew I'd like this place the minute I walked in.  Decor is cozy and kind of dated but comfortable.  Staff is immediately friendly and show you to a table immediately.  Service is fast at lunch, and pace of the meal is perfect.It's great!  We started with summer rolls, which are HUGE, and come 2 per order.  It is like eating a salad!  What a great start!I then had the Pho Tai (with rare beef, white onions and cilantro).  The pho broth is good, and the beef is tender.  They could probably get away with half as much bean sprouts per order, but I appreciate the generous serving.Even though we were stuffed (how do you somehow get stuffed from soup and salad in rice paper?...), we couldn't resist "bubble tea" to go.  We tried the taro bubble tea with big tapioca in the bottom.  Oh, man - what an interesting treat!  I will order it again next time I go, which will most likely be next week!
5	I am here once a week for the pho and pad thai. Awesome! Spring rolls, summer rolls and fried rice are also terrific. Lee, Toni, Paul, Kevin and Tumi are also friendly and accommodating.
5	Best Pho in Charlotte!!! The food is so fresh and authentic. This is my new haunt! Highly recommended.
1	Just called at 8:45 on a Saturday night. I noticed that they closed at 9:30 rather than 9 online, so I felt comfortable doing this.I was told that actually the kitchen closed at 9:15 and they were not going to accept any more take out orders tonight because they still had a party of 20 to feed. Are you kidding me????I have been in food service for a long time and maybe I shouldn't review this while I am still ultimately enraged but do you know how many times I have not had my husband home until hours after his restaurant closed because someone came in 5 min til close? Or how many times when I was waiting tables that I had to stop and take call in orders in the middle of a rush? I have never ever heard of anything like that before and I am totally appalled at their customer service. I told my poor tired chef husband I would pick him up anything he wanted for dinner since he has worked doubles plus plus every single day for weeks and is now heading right into Mother's Day weekend, aka the worst holiday ever for restaurants. He said pad thai sounded good and I was looking forward to trying this place after the great reviews on here. Sorry you were too busy to throw out 2 more orders of Pad Thai and some summer rolls an hour before you closed. Hope it was worth losing 2 customers.
5	Hands down the best around. If you like spicy try the secret code "20 hot" when ordering you will not regret it.
5	They have the BEST springrolls---not fried!  We also love their pad thai---spiced to your palate.
4	When ever we want Thai food, this is the only place for us . Friendly staff and great tasting food.
5	This was the first thai restaurant that I had been too. So I was very unsure of what I was going to be tasting. For appetizer my party and I went with the summer rolls, which were amazing! And a papaya salad which was really good! Although my friend went with thai spicy.. Woo was it spicy!!! For my entree I went with chicken pad thai and it was very flavorful! I loved it! Our server was really helpful and attentive! I will definite be going back!
4	beautiful environment, great options on the menu I will defiantly be back. The curry dish I tried was not my favorite but I've heard so many great reviews that I want to go back !! See ya soon.
2	Oh my gosh! This place is sooooo dingy in the inside! looks like they never clean this place up, plus the waitstaff was horrible, I didn't know if they worked there or were customers since they didn't have a uniform..had to wait about 15 minutes for someone to come take our order..The food was okay but apparently a lot of people like it cuz the place was full..I wouldn't go back just because of the atmosphere. .
4	Best Thai food I've ever had. Period. The server was very rude, but the food is great! I've eaten inside twice and gotten the same server both times, she's too rude for me to tolerate any more(she is the only reason I didn't rate 5 stars) I've been ordering take out since, and the gentleman on the phone and in person is always pleasant and professional. All in all I'd recommend just ordering to go bc the service isn't worth the tip but the food is exemplary!
5	I've called in several times with large orders from my office, asking them to label the boxes. They are always very nice and ask "Are you having a party?!" Yes, we are. Thanks for turning our everyday lunch into a party! A nice blend of Vietnamese and Thai. Those spring rolls are huge!
5	The staff was very helpful since we have never been to a Vietnamese restaurant. She gave advice on what to get and we loved everything she recommended. Will for sure be going back!
5	Pho madness I tell you! This place is just awesome, plain and simple. Flawless Pho, good service and all for the right price. I went with my "friend" and he loved it as well. Though I know his real intent was just to be seen in public with me.It became pretty evident due to the fact that he was pointing at me all night yelling "Hey!! Heyy everyone I'm here with this guy!! We are friends!!". Poor bastard.... Nobody paid him any mind, so his little plan failed.....jerk.The service was on par, very friendly and all that jazz. I could have done with a little less pointing and whispering "My God, how is it possible for a man to be so beautiful?" and blah blah blah. It is tiresome to be quite honest.I will definitely be back to assault the rest of their menu, hopefully by then management gives the staff a stern talking to and I can eat in peace.Best Pho I ever did eats!!
5	My wife and I were visiting Charlotte and decided to try this place out due to such great Yelp reviews. We are glad we did. I had the grilled chicken rice dish with an egg roll and my wife had the pad Thai, both were fabulous. Service A, food A, ambiance B-. Overall we would definitely come back!
5	This place is awesome! The best pho I've ever had and that includes San Francisco's Chinatown. The papaya salad is what you want to know about. The service is always great. Check this hidden gem out. You won't be sorry.
5	Round two was equally as badass. Thai tea and bubble tea this time and both were awesome!Once again the staff were on point and very friendly. My pho was once again the pho to end all pho's and my soul destroyingly attractive girlfriend's pad thai was amazing!Fly to Viet-Thai you fools, fly!
5	Once again, the fresh summer rolls and chicken pad thai  were fantastic. Best I've ever had. The staff if friendly and attentive.  Love this place!
5	Great food and generous portion sizes that is accompanied by friendly service. Had 2 noodle dishes and a curry.  Authentic spice so be careful of the degree of heat you choose. We are leaving with lots of left overs.
5	Absolutely loved it. Most authentic food besides home food! Atmosphere was welcoming and the food was fantastic! I had the Pad Kee Mow with tofu and it was just.....yum. My friend had the chicken Pad Thai and that was just......yum. If you like Thai tea....get it. So perfect!
4	First time here and really enjoyed. I should start writing down the names of what I order because I have no idea what they are called once I leave! Started with spring roll, super hot and a tad bit greasy, friend had the wonton soup (I don't eat seafood) and they LOVED it, said unlike any they had before... it had a lot going on, won tons, shrimp, looked very hearty. We both ordered off the Thai menu, she had chicken, veggies  in a garlic sauce... the sauce was nice and light, broth like and full of flavor. I ordered chicken, veggies, in a brown sauce level 3 spicy wide pan noodles. All the food came out hot and the veggies were very fresh and not overcooked. Apps came out quickly, it took a while for entrees to come out, they were not very busy so I assume from everything being made fresh. I would love to go back and try some of the Vietnamese dishes.
5	This was my second time here. The pad Thai is excellent and I recommend getting the Mung Bean noodles. It was my first time having Pho so I have nothing to compare it to but it was delicious. The portions for the Pho are huge. We got the medium and it was served in a inflatable kidding pool. On their spicy scale, I ordered my pad Thai at a level 3. It was spicy with great flavor. My nose is running as I type this but I can still feel mouth. We are lunch at 11:30 on a Saturday so it wasn't crowded. I don't know how the service is during busy times but our waiter was probably one of the friendliest and most polite waiters we've had. The hostess to other servers were asking if we needed anything and were always within reach. I have found my Thai go-to in Charlotte.
3	It is a nice restaurant with ample parking in a safe location. They have both Vietnamese and Thai dishes on their menu. I'd say that they are trying to be creative in their dishes. Maybe I was in the mood for a more traditional dish, but I didn't really care for their deconstructed Panang curry (see picture). And it's the first time I've had Panang curry with peas and steamed broccoli. Certainly more healthy, but not what if call traditional. I asked for it to be Thai hot. It was more like cautious American-Thai hot. So, overall it's decent food, but just not doing it for me as a traditionalist.
5	4 years later since I first dined here... now a lot more busier than back then, but food is just as good as it was the first time! By now, I've experimented with most items on the menu and they're always consistently made and you can expect the same when you order again.Service is very friendly as well. Overall, a very good family establishment!
5	Finally a place that has Boba! After moving here from California I never thought I'd see it again. I went in on a Friday night for take out. After going to the wrong shopping center I finally found it and I was not disappointed. The atmosphere was very cozy. I ordered yellow curry with tofu and Thai boba (known here as bubble tea). The hostess was very nice and greeted me as I walked in and promptly offered me a menu. I had looked at the menu online but had some questions and she patiently answered all of them. In less than 10 minutes I was in and out with my order. I took a sip of the boba and was in heaven! The tea was fresh and had the perfect amount of spices. The curry was delicious! She warned me it would be spicy and boy was she right, but that's why I got the tea. Will defiantly be going back to try the other flavors of boba as well as other menu items. A must try if you love Thai and Vietnamese food!
4	Pho!Bubble Tea!Happiness!I've been here a few times during my travels to Charlotte.I had the 48. Pho Tai Gan Sach which has rare beef and tendon. I had the XL size and it was just the right amount of food for me. Maybe a little too much, but better safe than sorry. The beef and tendons were wonderful.If you like your food spicy, ask for the spicy chili oil. It's delicious. Only takes a few drops in your soup to get it really kickin.Sadly, they ran out of bubbles at the time of night we were there. Ultimate sadness. So we had to share one bubble tea. We had the melon slushi and it wasn't bad. The bubbles were a just little bland compared to what I'm used to and a little hard. But overall the tea was good. I'd get it again.Service was really good and always is. Our waiter was attentive and very nice.
2	Curry was meh and I don't get all the comments about giant portions. Food is way over priced. Papaya salad was ok although almost half of it was a solid chunk of lettuce as if to fill up space. Shrimp was minimal and still had tails??? Seriously tiny shrimp hidden in the salad and I had to find each one and remove the tail.
5	This is my go to spot when I want Pho! They have tons of great dishes. I have tried many of their dishes and am always pleased. Great service, and great food.
5	I don't think I've ever been disappointed by their service or food. As soon as you walk in you'll be greeted and seated. They will provide you their menu and give you enough time to scan the menu items. They serve both authentic Vietnamese and Thai cuisines. I love the pho especially, it brings me back to memories of home cooked meals and my daily adventures to Chinatown in Los Angeles. Unfortunately this place is kind of hard to find. It's behind the plaza where the Burlington coat factory is in Pineville, NC. Lately my boyfriend has been venturing out into Asian cuisine and he's never been big on Vietnamese food but when I took him here he became a huge fan! He kept saying that the food was excellent and we are already planning to come back.The boba tea is also amazing! I couldn't find a place that serves Boba/ Bubble tea unless it was inside The Pineville Mall. Try the honey dew flavor boba tea, you will be happy to give it a try! Sometimes the best food comes from a hole in the wall. This place is a great example of that saying.
5	Just did take out, but it was tasty. We did just regular Pho.
5	Great food
1	A sad fail for these guys. Ordered takeout -all vegetarian dishes but was sent away with shrimp summer rolls and chicken in our spring rolls.  Pad Thai was room temp if not colder when we got it home 10 minutes later.  $35 wasted really.  We MAY return but never again on the takeout.
3	Better experience this time than take-out. No meat in our dishes. We made it clearer this time. Dear waitress who constantly reaches over us to fill up waters..please just ask us to pass them to you.
4	Good food. Nice atmosphere.  It's definitely one of the better places to eat in the area.
5	Holy heck--this place is amazing! I probably never would have gone here if a client hadn't suggested it for our lunch but it was GREAT!! They have Vietnamese and Thai food (hence the name). Both cuisines are absolutely phenomenal. Here is a run down of what I tried:Summer rolls 5/5 Absolutely delicious, especially the peanut sauce!Chicken wings 5/5 Great flavor, fried perfectlyPho Bac Diet 5/5 AWESOME flavorTea 5/5- Better than typical tea I would expectService excellent and inviting! I will make it back
1	Fail again. Meat in our food when we ordered all tofu. When asked for a refund, I was told by Toni that they would comply. Next day when I called to make sure the refund was processed, she stated she gave my husband eight dollars cash to refund our bad food. Our meal was $36.00. This, of course, never occurred.  Please do not do what we did and ask for compensation for a bad meal..you will be lied to and spend 5 minutes arguing with someone who has the nerve to call herself a manager.  We will NEVER visit again - last straw. Can you curse on Yelp?  No?  Screw these liars.
3	The staff is amazing and very attentive. The place is clean. Two reasons for the lower stars - $13 for a large bowl of pho is a ripoff and the broth is ok but less than authentic. My search continues in the Queen City....
4	One of the best Viet places I've been too! The wait time is kind of long, so wouldn't recommend it if you were in a hurry... but def worth waiting for! Their Pho is amazing
5	Amazing!! Everything we have ordered from this place has been delicious.  This is are go to Thai place in south Charlotte. The staff is well trained and can answer any question you have and also gives great recommendations. The atmosphere is nothing fancy or upscale but the food is very good truly authentic tastes! We love it!  Try this place!!
