4	This is a corporate conventioneer's hotel.  The hotel is obviously not uber-fancy Westin fare, it is a Mariott convert of some sorts.  From the window of our hotel we could watch the shady goings on at the little apartment complex next door.  There were people milling about all hours of the night.  I guess the air conditioner window units in their apartments were no match for the 114 degree Vegas heat, and they'd rather be outside socializing.The pool was tiny, and the hot tub had to be free of germs (hopefully) since it was nearly full strength chlorine water!Luckily the hotel was just a short walk to the Atomic Testing Museum.  Honestly, this was the highlight of the trip!  Vegas is a huge, compact version of what Orlando would become if gambling was legalized within the city limits.I will say that the "heavenly bed" was indeed heavenly.  I think they provided 10 pillows or some crazy number like that.One word of caution - if you have even remotely sensitive skin - DO NOT, I repeat DO NOT use the hand lotion that they provide in the rooms.  I loved the sage aroma of the other toiletries, but the contact dermatitis caused by the lotion was more than I was counting on.I can't say that I'd recommend this hotel for the price, but like I said - it was a business trip and I was getting reimbursed when all was said and done.  I picked the hotel for the no-smoking in the rooms & the fact that there was a Starbucks in the lobby.
3	If I could, I'd have given this hotel a 3 & 1/2 Stars. Nice hotel and friendly Staff! As for the location, it's a few blocks from all the main attractions. The dcor is OK though, but the room and bathroom are good and the beds are comfortable. I stayed there at the end of Dec '06.
3	Went to a conference here, the rooms are clean and nice.  I liked the complimentary water they provide for their guests.  The staff are friendly and helpful as well.  As casino hotels go, this place is pretty dead though.  Doesn't seem like people like come here to gamble.  I have to say that the worst part about staying at this hotel was the fact that the water temperature would change from extreme hot to cold 5 times in the span of a 10 minute shower.
4	We stayed here for part of our trip because it was free and easy access for my conference at the Flamingo (and much nicer than the Flamingo).  While it is "off" the strip, it is so close that it is faster to walk to the strip than it is to get through other massive hotels and onto the strip.  Our room was very nice, very Westin-ish, with nice decor, heavenly bed, and remodeled bathroom.  We even got a rubber duck to take home to our dog.  The hotel was quiet which is a nice change from the hustle and bustle of the strip.  Honestly, except for the fact that the guy checking us in had no idea what he was doing, no real complaints.  We did not have problems with the elevators...apparently, they have been (or are in the process of being) upgraded.  The casino is not happening but take a walk or hop in a quick cab and you will be in the middle of everything.  Note - did not check out the restaurant, spa, or pool.  However, there is a Starbucks in the Lobby, which saved my life for this early morning conference.
3	Stayed here twice now, basically because it is one of the few hotels to accomodate pets. The first time was so much better than the second. Most recently, even the preferred check in line was a ridiculously long wait. Rooms weren't ready at the time promised, a difficult situation when there are pets involved. I also got stuck on a lower floor because of this, though this turned out to be a positive later on. The elevator situation is just ridiculous. In a bank of 6 cars, they had 2 operating fully and one with limited service that seemed to be used by the hotel staff more than their own back elevators. Two freaking working elevators for a 14-15 story hotel? Ridiculous.And what was the solution? An apology, supposed discussion with the staff involved, and points. Boy, that sure made up for it...
3	I stay here only because it's one of our corporate hotels. It's a slight downgrade from the typical Westin hotels.The hotel staff, lobby, and check-in has the Westin brand feel but the rooms seem older and not as well kept. It's off the strip but easy enough to get to. A short walk right by Bally's. It's definitely cheaper because of it too. Biggest complaint is the lack of cabs that come to this hotel. I was almost late several times because I would have to wait 10 to 15 minutes for the bell staff to flag down a taxi. If you do end up staying here, call ahead for taxi service.
4	Booked this place through one of those travel site for an AMAZING deal! (Let's say cheap = under $100/night for a holiday weekend.)The hotel is quiet, clean and rarely smells of smoke anywhere. The employees were all very friendly. The pool is tiny but was fully stocked with fresh towels.Now, let's get to the important stuff: the room! It's not the best of Vegas views but for a room that you can actually walk around vs. just walking around the bed - this place is great! They give you a welcome package with gum, shampoo, hair gel and hair ties - Neat! The room comes with Starbucks coffee and tea as well.Although it's off the strip, I would for sure come back for a second stay!
1	There are a lot of things to hate about this place. It's small, it's off the strip, and the rooms were dirty. We're on a tour so we're staying at Westins all the way through. Usually I really like them, but this one was terrible. The bed was still good but my room wasn't up to usual Westin standards. I had stains on some of the furniture and the shower was broken.If you like being away from the strip and you need a cheap room, I suppose this one is okay. But it's a huge pain to walk places from here and no taxis ever seem to come here so taking a taxi is a big time suck.   This is the last time I stay here.
1	I hate to start my first review like this, but I just had an awful experience at this Westin hotel. I travel exclusively at Starwood hotels, spending most of my time on the road, and this is the worst Westin I have ever stayed at. The attention to detail that the staff of the hotel presented leads me to believe that this wasn't just a one off bad experience, but is typical of the way this hotel is run.Just a few highlights:1) They lost our reservations and we had to wait thirty minutes to get a room. They admitted having messed up but didn't provide any decent compensation. They offered us two free spa treatments even though we had a group of ten people and a block of ten rooms.2) The iron was broken. They did bring up a new one, but it took a day.3) I had same day laundry service that wasn't delivered on time. I had to call down to the front desk and they couldn't find my order. Finally a few hours later they delivered it.4) At 6AM a dog in the room next to me started barking and after 15 minutes of listening to it I called the front desk. The person at the front desk asked me in an almost confrontational tone "What do you want me to do?" Luckily the owner of the dog must have come back and the dog stopped barking as I was on the phone.5) The gym has three recumbent exercise bikes. None of them worked.6) There was a problem with the elevators and the wait times usually exceeded ten minutes.
3	I missed a flight connection and was stuck in Vegas for the night.  I was able to easily get a room at the Westin with short notice and at a reasonable rate - only $139!  I wasn't planning to do anything but work out of my hotel room so I didn't care that it was off of the strip, didn't have a big casino in-house, didn't have a club, etc.  It's not a typical Vegas hotel so if you are there for vacation and want the real Vegas experience, I would NOT recommend this hotel.  If you want to avoid the Vegas-esque things and just need a comfortable place to stay where you can get Starwood points, I would absolutely recommend this place.I love the Heavenly beds and the dual shower heads.  Just like every other Westin, the rooms are very nice and comfy.  This Westin also had a lot of free toiletries that you could call down for.  My luggage was checked and lost somewhere at the airport (probably on its way to some other city).  The staff was really helpful in getting me everything I needed: a toothbrush, toothpaste, etc.The room service food wasn't great but I don't usually expect much.  As long as the fruit is fresh and the food arrives relatively quickly, I am happy.
2	We stayed here only because we were able to get it for $120/night seeing as World Poker Tour was in town. Otherwise we were looking to spend $200+/night along The Strip. Yes this place is off The Strip but it was a welcome respite from the craziness of Vegas. You would figure this place needs to accomodate travelers look for the Vegas experience which this hotel does not cater to. The casino is small and my friends wanted to play craps which they do not open up until 5 PM. Most of the tables were closed because there are literally no people around. I think I saw more people sitting in the hotel Starbucks than on the casino floor. A really quick story about my check-in experience, after grabbing the card key and trying to figure out which way the key goes in. I soon realize the key does not work but I figure maybe it's the end user so I ask the floor maid to show me how to open the door. Luckily I took Spanish in high school otherwise there would have been a communication gap. She told me the key I had was likely broken and we literally together spent 10 minutes trying to figure out what was wrong. I think it had to do with the door lock. I get a new room and joke that it better work this time around, throwing the idea that I would really like a suite did not seem to amuse the front desk receptionist. However, I did ask them if I could get a room with a view of The Strip. This view turned out to be of the small hotel pool where it was predominately senior individuals enjoying a splash in the pool or hottub, The room was relatively clean except the comforter for one of the beds had stains on them. I always take off the comforter and never sleep or lie on them anyway but I expected better.     Be prepared to either take a taxi to get around The Strip or you can walk in the hot mid-day sun running over to Bally's for the air-conditioning. Stay at your risk but spend a little more and find someplace along The Strip. You won't regret it unless you are traveling for business as it is relatively close to the airport.
4	Westin's are always nice and this one is spot on for what we needed.  6 lovely ladies traveling to Vegas for a 30th birthday party wanted to be close to the strip but not totally immersed in it.  This hotel is 2 long blocks back of the strip just behind the Flamingo and Ballys.  There is almost always a limo for hire out front ( cheap, cheap) and taxis to ferry you where ever you want to go.  We had two adjoining rooms with the Heavenly Beds ( awesome to crash in after a night of partying!) and Heavenly baths, luxury robes and accommodations.Oh and its a pet friendly, non smoking place - nice reprieve from the smoke filled mega casinos.Upon check in look for Grace or Matt both awesome!Look for Donnell - he is such a nice man!  He even brought flowers and a card to our birthday girl out at the pool!  Totally made our stay!Yes the casino is small - so if you want a huge casino floor to lose your money on (or to triple it) seek that out somewhere else.The pool - its small but more than adequate.  They have 6 cabanas for rent in the spa at $100 a pop - very reasonable for Vegas.  Plenty of nicely padded chairs around the pool and hot tub.  Did I mention pool is open til 2am?!  If you're drinking get the Royal flush - Jack and Ananuf(from Brazil)  make an awesome team and were over the top attentive to us.For eats in the hotel - we dined at Suede for breakfast - good food, affordable and Steven was great!The Spa - pricey - over priced.  I consider myself a spa brat - I spa just about everywhere I go.  $60 for a quick pedicure is awful and it wasn't even that great - A full on pedicure is $100 - no thank you.  Massage was good but at $120 it should have been.  The staff in the spa were top notch.The only reason I didn't award the final star was the elevator service.  They state that they are working on it and there are signs to let you know there will be delays.  Its just frustrating - when you are ready to go - you are ready - ya know?!  We never waited more than 10 mins but its just a wait that should not have happened.  Of the  6 or so elevators only 2 or 3 were working at a time.  Many times we pressed 2 to get to the pool but ended up on 1.Come on its Vegas how many elevators are there?!  Why can't yours get serviced but everyone else's can?!Overall awesome stay at the Westin. We will definitely be back!
3	Hi all, here's the story. The hotel is a Westin, but it doesn't feel as nice as it should be. First, the good. The "Heavenly" this and that, is actually really comfortable. You could sleep all weekend and the drapes do a really good job of blocking out the sun. The bathroom also comes complete with Starbucks coffee if you choose. The pool area is a little small, but maybe that adds to the charm. There are a few poolside lounge chairs that have an overhead mist on those hot days. On another side of the pool, there are cabanas that you can pay for. This hotel is also pretty close to the strip.Now the bad. The casino part of the hotel is very small and they do not have a lot of tables. The craps table was not open most of the time we were there. None of the rooms had a good view of anything from either side. The elevators are whack too. When you press a button, it only affects one elevator, so then you have to press another button to call another elevator...so if this makes any sense to you, there will be multiple elevators coming to your floor unnecessarily.Okay, don't think I'll be staying here again, but it was the cheapest at the time of booking.
5	OASIS in the middle of the BUSTLE!Okay, I have been here several times and I would rather choose this hotel over mega-resorts for the following reason.1. It is off "The Strip" but not too far2. It smells so good3. The rooms are very nice4. The staff is always friendly5. It is small and more personal6. Easy parking7. Nice restaurant with quality food (NO BUFFET THANK GOD)8. Non-smoking hotel9. Nice gym10. Rubber duckieOkay, so some of those things people can live without, but if you are not into the big over-priced resorts on the strip that smell like cigarettes all day, and battling people just to get from point A to point B, and like the idea of not taking an hour just to find a parking space, this place is for you.I think this place is great after being out in all the bustle of Las Vegas all day, you can come back to this quiet respite.  It has everything you want, but it is only like 10-15 minutes from all the other great places Las Vegas has to offer.For those SPG members, there always seems to be some promotion or give away for SPG members.  Points, free breakfast, what not.  If you are not an SPG member, sign up at the hotel, they will probably give you a room upgrade.
2	This used to be my favorite hotel in Vegas with the Heavenly Beds, small casino (a plus) and close to the strip location.  Unfortunately, the owners (or new owners) have not done a very good job on the upkeep of this place as the rooms are torn up, dirty and damaged.  Service has also declined as such little perks as nightly turndown service have disappeared not too mention the young and inexperienced staff barely utter two words to you when checking in.....or out.  I'm all for training the kids from UNLV but this is supposed to be a 4 star hotel!   Going back to Planet Hollywood (Sheraton) as they've now completed the renovations.
5	They allow pets. 5 Stars just for that. I brought my 2 Pit Bulls (6 months old) and well mannered, and they let them stay, and had a doggie towel, and food and water bowls and a dog bed for each (FREE) Awesome! Also close to the strip, love the heavenly beds and shower..... A+ will stay here again anytime!
4	I echo most of the comments by other reviewers.The good:----It's small so you don't have to have an atlas to find the elevators, let alone your room----The casino is small; Sometimes you want to get away from the craziness----The hotel is smoke free----The location; it's off Flamingo which is technically off strip, but it's smack dab at the halfway mark----The rates are extremely reasonable----They have an affordable spaThe not so good:----It's a Westin, but not the Westin's you know.  It's an older hotel made into a Westin, but they do have the amazing Heavenly beds----The pool is small, but we enjoyed the DJ that was spinning there in the afternoons
3	Just off the strip near Bally's, Westin has a more central location than many casinos with the added benefit of not getting lost in the maze of slots and tables on your way to finding your elevator bank.They operate a small casino downstairs that has little energy but offers up $5 roulette and craps which are tougher to find these days.Beds are great.  Rooms are fine.
4	I glanced at the negative reviews and I have to say that I didn't have any of these experiences.  Let me caveat by saying that a) I am a business traveler and b) I *HATE* Vegas.  Sure, when I was a young cat I liked heading to Vegas to do the Vegas thing but I am not a young cat anymore.  I hate lights and bells.  I hate smoke.  I hate gambling and people who gamble.  I hate that there are no trees.  I could go on but suffice to say, I hate Vegas.  But, I end up having to come to Vegas for business fairly often and a have to have a place to stay.  Since discovering the Westin Casuarina, the trips are now bearable.The casino area is tiny (this is a good thing) with minimal noise and lights.  The bar area is small and relatively tasteful (I don't partake but it's nice to not have to walk past a tacky, smoky bar area to get to my room).  Coming off the elevator, the colors are neutral and muted--not Vegas-electric.  And when you get to your room it is a Westin room (this is a VERY good thing).  Great bed, great shower, great room.  And, unlike most Vegas hotels, the room service food is actually decent quality. The only thing that I would mark them down for is that at certain times of the year, the taxis kinda forget about this place.  So this isn't really a knock against the hotel just a caveat about the overall stay experience.
2	Okay... I stay a a Westin or W at least 3 nights a week. I know these places... the service sucked. Even though all Starwood properties are smokefree.... people are still allowed to smoke in casinos. Freaking annoying. I have to get my hair and clothes smelling like smoke before I get my coffee. The waitress at the restaurant in the hotel was from NY - she was friendly and excellent. I had to wait 20 mins to get into my room... not because there was a line... but because no one was at the front desk.  I was charged a "service fee" when I used points for my stay. (I fought the Westin... and I won..) Anyway... I wasn't impressed by this hotel.But at least I didn't have Julius Cesare waking me in the morning.... like at that other hotel. Definitely much less cheese here.
3	During my last trip to Vegas, I chose to stay at the Westin since I am a Starwood Employee, and get a discount staying at a Starwood property.  The Westin is located about a block and a half off the strip.  The great thing about this hotel is that it's a lot less hectic and crazy as the hotels on the strip. It's nice to be able to walk downstairs to the lobby and not have a horrendous amount of drunk people running around.  The rooms here are pretty nice with the Heavenly Bed and Heavenly Bathroom items.  This is my second time staying in a Westin, and I loveeee the Heavenly Bed and shower head.  The rooms are also spacious, compared to the other hotels on the strip. Regarding the hotel rooms, I have no complaints at all.The only complaints I have was the service that I got while I was staying here. When I checked in, the front desk agent wasn't very friendly and didn't execute check-in procedures very well. Also, there was one day during our stay where there was not hot water in the room. I called down to let the front desk know, and they said they would have it taken care of. After 30 minutes, there was still no hot water, so I called down and the front desk agent said someone would be sent up to the room to check it out.  After ANOTHER 30 minutes, no one showed up AND there was still no hot water, so I called back down... this time, the same front desk agent answered and told me "It's only been 5 minutes since the last time you called, and we only have one maintenance guy on duty... just wait" and hung up... she said all of this in a really rude tone.  after waiting around for an hour and a half, I decided to drive 20 minutes out of the strip to one of my aunt's house and shower. thank god i have family in town, or else i wouldn't have been able to shower and get to where i needed to be at a certain time.  then later that night, i found out from the bartender that the entire hotel didn't have hot water... if they front desk agent had just told me that and apologized, it would have been a lot better than telling me someone would fix it right away, and not. the one good service i got was from the valet though.. the bellboys and valet staff at this Westin are excellent. throughout my entire stay, they were all very prompty, and very friendly getting my car in and out, and also getting taxis. as far as the rest of the hotel, it's pretty small compared to the rest of the strip. so if you're looking for somewhere more chill to stay, i would recommend staying here.  it's really nice being somewhere a bit more quiet after all the partying and staying up.  there is also a restaurant on site called Suede, which is very good, but pricey.  there is also a pool at the Westin with beach chairs, cabanas for rent, and also a bar. last but not least, everyday from 5:30PM-7:30PM, Westin has the unwind program... basically between those two hours, there is complimentary wine/beer/sodas and snacks for all hotel guests. overall, i actually enjoyed my stay here a lot. i liked the facility a lot, but their service needs improvement. Especially being a Starwood employee myself, I know how the standards are supposed to be... And this Westin falls a bit short on service standards.
3	I *really* like staying off the strip.  No reason to pay $300-400 a night for a bed when the rest of Las Vegas is begging you to visit it.  Things do appear to be changing though. You can't walk into just any pool anymore, so I may have to re-think this strategy.In any event, the Westin is nothing fantastic by Vegas standards, but is a step up from a no frills Motel 6.
4	My husband likes to tell people that if someone lit a cigarette in Seattle, I'd smell it at home in Watsonville. OK, I REALLY am that bad about cigarette smoke and I originally chose the Westin because it was practically the only smoke-free hotel in Las Vegas I could find.This is mostly true: except for the bar and the casino. Of course the casino is smack dab in the center of the 1st floor lobby and you can't avoid it if you're going to Starbucks, to eat at Suede, pick up souvenirs in the hotel gift shop, or catch the elevator to your room. In other words, you must contend with cigarette smoke any time you enter the lobby.That being said, the smoke annoyance was minimal -- notice I still gave the Westin 4 stars -- but maybe it was because the hotel wasn't that crowded or maybe there were a lot more non-smokers staying there so I didn't have the smell in my clothes or hair all the time. *SIGH* until the pricier/fancier casino/hotels barr smoking COMPLETELY (and that ain't gonna happen any time soon), I'll keep spending my money at the Westin.The restaurant, Suede, was excellent and except for one dinner, we had all our meals there. I think someone else said it was pricey, yes, it is pricey, but the Wait Staff were way above my expectations; I've eaten at more than a few of those "Celebrity Chef" restaurants on the Strip and had better service at Suede. No complaints about the service or food. People at the front desk were friendly and helpful too; check-in and check-out was a breeze.Our room was clean and didn't smell like dog as the Westin is a pet-friendly (ewwwwwwww!) establishment. The heavenly bed and shower were wonderful as well. We stayed three nights and my ONLY complaint was that we couldn't get our room cooler than 72 degrees. I called the front desk and a repair person was there in about 15 minutes (English was not his first language however) but when he left he said it was "fixed." Never did get the room to cool down below 70. Guess I should consider my self lucky since it wasn't the hot season in Vegas yet.Like others have already said, I like the fact that the Westin is off the Strip, parking is self-park & free (unless you use the Valet). Overall, the hotel is clean, quiet, and comfortable. It's also right next door to a small liquor store so it was easy to go and buy a bottle of wine or a snack if we wanted without having to pay room-service prices.Like I said, if the hotel was REALLY COMPLETELY SMOKE-FREE I'd have absolutely no complaints. I'll go back to the Westin if I ever have to go to Las Vegas again.
1	DO NOT GO HERE! Oh my God, I didn't realize we can post reviews for hotel here otherwise I would have done this a lot sooner.  I was here last year on Labor day weekend.  Let me just say this is the most worst and unprofessional Westin I have been to and will not be back for a long time.  First off...they put us on the floor where the pets were (we reserved 3 rooms) we didn't realize it until we heard a bunch of dogs barking...not only that a bunch of us got bed bug bites all over our back.  (sickening) then we ordered room service, they messed up on that order and then it took about a whole hour to receive my refund which they didn't even do correctly and refunded back the whole bill when they were suppose to just refund 1 item (idiots! but that's good for me) to top it all off, my friends booked 2 separate couple massages only 1 couple massage happened because they woman that booked the appointment thought it was only for one couple well in fact we clearly said on the phone.  It was a disaster!!  They only compensation was a free massage (only to be used at the Westin Las Vegas)this place is pathetic!  Maybe others have had a more pleasant stay but ours was a nightmare.Might I lastly add, I learned that this a privately owned Westin which probably explains that sorry ass service.
3	Stayed here for a meeting pre-NAB. It was just off the strip. The rooms are typical of a Westin. The beds are comfy as usual. The meeting space was ok. The pool. Well this is a place to just rest and maybe get a tan. It's small. It is centrally located off the strip. Just south of Balley's and Flamingo. I like that the long time restaurant Batista's is close, the monorail and liquor store.The Casino is very small. Pretty much one table for a game. The action was slow. They do have a game which i can't  remember the name. It has a side bet - sucker possible but pays 1000 to 1. A friend got the correct cards but didn't play the side bet. Second time that had ever happened.
2	Went to Westin for a post-NAB conference.They did a great job trying to make it look like a W Hotel inside and in your rooms.  But still, since it's off the strip and it's a long block to the strip, there are some unusual characters in the lobby.Unfortunately the action is dead after midnight over there.  Service:  NAPrice:  NAInterior:  5/5Exterior:  3/5Park:      5/5Go Back:  Only if your vendor pays for cabs to the strip and other entertainment centers.Recommendation:  C List
4	I stayed here for a conference. After staying at the Imperial Palace (which I recommend everyone to avoid at all costs), I may be giving the Westin a nicer review than I would normally.Overall, I thought this hotel was great. It's smoke free except for the casino area, which is pretty much impossible to find in Vegas. The standard room I stayed in was fairly large. The bathroom and beds were really nice and everything looked clean. The bed had one of the nicest comforters I've used at a hotel - it was fairly comfortable, and I definitely got a good night's sleep (probably because I was so tired from the weekend).All in all, it's a great business hotel. I did a prepaid deal (no refund if I canceled), which gave me a great rate on the room. The internet was pretty ridiculous at $14 per day, but I guess that's to be expected.
5	This is my go-to hotel when I go to Las Vegas. I like it for the reasons that many people might not. I like it because it's off the strip by a few blocks. This means it's set away from the hustle, bustle, and people handing out porno leaflets anytime you walk on the strip. It's about a 10 minute walk to Caesars, which is fine by me if I want to hit up the sports book, eat a fancy meal, or take a cab from there up the strip. (one of the drawbacks of this location is that cabs are few and far between)I like that it doesn't have a giant casino. I like to play blackjack, but I don't like to play blackjack with a bunch Stetson-soaked douchebags in $200 linen shirts. In this way, the Westin is just my speed, with fast and efficient dealers and friendly drink service. The sports channels projected on the walls above are a nice touch as well.I like that it has a pool that isn't packed all the time. The Westin company has branded itself as a place of relaxation, and I find laying poolside at this location utterly relaxing, with very few instances of screaming kids. The cocktail waitresses out poolside are never too busy to bring a drink.The rooms are nicely appointed, and the Heavenly Bed (these are at all Westins) is the best bed I've ever slept in. I hope to one day recreate it in my own home.Customer service has been great every time I've stayed there. I especially like dealing with Fred Lenna, who is a cool character quick with a recommendation or an upgrade.The Unwind Service, a free (and bottomless) Sunday through Thursday wine, beer, and snack buffet is a nice touch. It seems like in Vegas it's harder and harder to get something for free, and to hang out with some free drinks and nosh is something that keeps me coming back.And when I do, I'll be here.My scale:5 of 5 Stars - Would make a special, even long-distance trip to go here, and evangelize its greatness to others4 of 5 Stars - A go-to option, even if there were other more convenient or less expensive options available3 of 5 Stars - Inclined to give it another shot, just to see2 of 5 Stars - Would not go back, once was enough1 of 5 Stars - Would actively avoid, would recommend against going to others, experience filled with great sadness and regret
5	My best college pals (Hi girls!) and I decided that we needed to get away for a bunch of celebrations. After much debate we settled on Vegas. Megan- I got us really good cheap rooms at the Westin. But it is a non-smoking hotel (but you can smoke in the casino) and the casino is small.Me- It's non- smoking and it is in Vegas? Oh so avant- garde! Kinda like being in Vegas just not as sinful.The beds are simply heavenly! 5 starsThe showers are dual- headed and heavenly! 5 starsThe towels are fluffy and heavenly! 5 starsI was worried that the hotel would be packed with older people and honeymooners... It was. But this usually entails less drama. The lobby was not crazy sprawling maze. I did not have to fight drunken 21 year olds to get to my room. I didn't need to get to the South elevator tower to get to my room and the East tower to get to my friend's rooms. I did not have to go up 10 flights of lot floors to find a parking space. I actually felt refreshed after waking up here, on 5 hours of sleep, because I felt like the Westin provided me relief from all the Vegas madness.This is the ideal place if you want a smoke-free environment, no hassle and clean environment. Not the place if you want to stay at a happening party hotel.Me likey!
3	I think it's funny that out of all of the places that I reviewed in Vegas for my list, I failed to write a review for the place I ACTUALLY STAYED IN. Well, maybe that goes to show how memorable (or not) my stay actually was. Was it the Four Seasons? No. But did I find Mexican children sleeping in my bed? No!! (Read my review of the Summerfield Suites in Chatsworth for THAT story.) All in all, it was a small, comfortable, relatively clean hotel with a nice workout room, and is also pet-friendly. Definitely a good priceline.com Name Your Own Price deal....But was it really four stars the way it's being billed? Umm, probably not. Their pool is literally the size of a deck of cards, and the spa has a capacity of 9. Maybe this would be ok in San Diego, but VEGAS?! Aside from gambling, what *else * can you do in 110 degree heat other than visit the pool? Not very well done, Westin. I appreciate that they tried to gussy it up with a live DJ and a few lovehandled cocktail waitresses (nice attempt, Starwood), but when you can only have about 30 people anywhere around the pool at a given time, it's hardly worth it. If you have a car, go sneak into the Wynn, like we did.I was also EXTRAORDINARILY happy hat it's a non-smoking hotel. I didn't have to wake up each day smelling like death. Yay!One last thing -- don't let the Westin people pull their $10/day "hotel services" scam on you. If you book through Priceline, THAT is the negotiated total. So when you're ready to check out and you see that the staff have surreptitiously slipped a billing notice of $10/day for "hotel services," march your Vegas-sunkissed ass downstairs and (nicely) demand to be told the meaning of the letter, and then sweetly but firmly refuse to pay it. Because it's bullshit. And price gouging.  They just hope you're too drunk and/or hung-over to notice. They'll probably tell you "ok we'll waive it, but JUST THIS ONCE," and you say ok, and then remind yourself not to stay there again. Either way, your righteous negotiating will at least save you some money if you're staying anything longer than one night.
1	i dont think i've ever hated a hotel as much as i hate the westin cauarina las vegas hotelthey upgraded me to a full suite on my last stay, complete with three sinks, three rooms, and a walk-in closetthey did everything a hotel could do to make it up to mebut when you get robbed when you're staying in a hotel, you don't forgive easily
2	Not great in terms of the hotel itself, but decent location off the strip puts you right in the middle and walks to the Wynn, the Venetian, the Billagio, and Caesers are all manageable. This is a typical Westin experience with Heavenly xyz, etc. but a bit more beat up then a typical Westin. If you're going to spend your day in the sun, you can probably do better at the strip casinos who have massive pools. The Westin's was like an oversized bath tub and was dirty with a nice oil slick on top to boot. Its casino was also small and rarely buzzing, but they do keep minimums at the black jack tables low which means you lose your money much slower here. They were also playing really mellow music; it felt like sitting in a coffee house than a casino. Finally I must mention the ants in our room. Tiny red ants first spotted in the bathroom then in the carpeting in the room. Basically the longer we stayed in the room the more ant havens we found. When we checked out we got some charges taken off our room and were told the room would be "deep cleaned" but lodgers beware: probably best to keep your baggage off the floor lest you bring home the bastards to what are surely all spotless homes.
3	Had to go to Vegas for a client meeting and I booked a room at The Westin. I discovered the Heavenly Beds years ago when I stayed at a Westin in Minneapolis....and I've been dying to sleep in one every since. Now I remember why I loved them so........one day when I run into a large lump sum of money I promise myself that I will purchase this lovely bed- and all the trimmings that come with it....Plus it helps that the Westin is just a really cool hotel anyway....3 stars for the Westin......as much as I despise Las Vegas I would come herea again.....
3	I got this hotel for a great deal on priceline (less than 115 per night)This was my first trip to Vegas, so not really familiar with much of the hotels but I had several friends staying in other places. At first I thought maybe our room was smaller than some of the other hotels like Paris and the Monte Carlo, etc but after visiting our friends rooms I realized ours was the same size.If you are picky about "ritzy" rooms, or looking to spend a lot of time in your hotel and want everything literally at your fingertips, this isn't the place to go. The casino and pool are small and there's nothing terribly "Vegas" about this hotel. No shops, only one restaurant, one bar... it's very small scale. For us, it was great. We just hung out at other hotels to get the kitschy Vegas experience but still had a comfortable nice room to come back to that was half the price of other hotels and within walking distance of lots of Vegas hotspots. I'd say if you are looking for an affordable nice room and willing to go out of your hotel to experience Vegas this is a great choice. The staff was very helpful, valet was quick, check-in was MUCH faster than it was for my other friends staying in other hotels, and because there's not 3000 rooms in this place its easy to get to your room without having to wait for an elevator or navigate a maze.
2	Its an ok, clean hotel...but the location kind of sucks and not quite up to some of the standards I've expereinced at other Westins. I mean, who goes to vegas to stay at the westin?  Unless you've stayed at every other hotel in town before (I have), I wouldn't recommend staying here on vacation.  For saving money, its fine....but I'd still prefer a strip hotel.
3	Bidded for this hotel on Priceline.com. Although the rooms are very nice and reflect the 4 star hotel rating, here are the things that I am going to complain about:- far from the hotel strip or any form of entertainment if you are walking- they charge an extra mysterious "resort fee" on your bill when you check out which is so stupid considering that the booking has already been prepaid in full- the hotel is not themed and is more of a business style hotel. this does not make any sense at all because when you are in Vegas, you expect very lavish themes such as Caesars palace, venetian MGM etc.- this hotel takes away the feeling of being in Vegas because nobody gambles or plays here.- the gambling area is a joke- their swimming pool does not even compare with any of the other hotels, and is similar to one that you would expect to find at a cheap motel.- they charge you something crazy to use their crappy internet connect which is really two dinosaur computers with ancient monitors- crappy "Zenith" branded tvs- nothing to do in this hotel and you find yourself only sleeping here and gambling, eating, clubbing at other hotels. makes you feel sad about being in Vegas and regret the fact that you stayed here.
3	This hotel is not really on the strip. It is a 5-10 minute walk to the strip. It may sound like a short walk, but during hot or cold days...it's gonna be a tough hike. And after walking all day, this is not a hike you would want to take. As for the star rating, I think you have to compare themed hotels with non-themed hotels. MGM, Treasure Island, Luxor are 4-star themed hotels. Westin is a 4-star non-themed hotel. Some people think themed hotels deserve more stars. MGM's carpet is as dirty and stained as the Westin. It happens.I don't recommend this hotel for people who are visiting Vegas for the first time or bringing out of town guest. You won't get the full Vegas experience. But if you go to Vegas all the time and just need a place to stay or for a business trip, this place is perfect. The standard rooms are decent, clean, and have all the basic amenities. One thing that makes the Westin stand out is their "Heavenly Bed." It is the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in (In fact, it cured my back pain!). Even 5 star hotels don't have beds like these. BTW, you can buy their beds and all the fixings online. A king size will run you $3000+...I just had to look into it when I got home =)
4	We chose the Westin because for the same price as another nice hotel in Vegas we could get SPG points for our stay, and it was as we expected it to be: courteous service, good room of a decent size, great bed, and about 7-8 min walk from the Strip. We were there for one night only and mainly out visiting anyway, so it was a great combination for us.PS: the possibility to print our boarding card free of charge is a nice thing (although certainly not unique to this hotel) especially as a week before we were in Hawaii and had to pay $12 in another hotel for that!
1	I also got robbed here!  Someone came into the room while I was sleeping and stole my wallet.  I didn't ask for compensation, but instead, the security accused me of making it up.  I am in the process of retaliating.  I have a police report and fraud reports from my bank from the attempted purchases on my credit card.  Do not stay in this dumpster.Even if I didn't get violated, I would have never stayed here again.  Besides the hidden fees for things such as "complimentary water", they don't clean anything up!  Pizza boxes from Friday night left in the lobbies until Sunday evening.  What a dump for $120/night.  You're better off at the Sahara and tramming it down to the strip.
3	I was really torn about the Westin in Vegas...I love staying at the Westin...the amazing beds, the large rooms, the non-smoking atmosphere...but this Westin fell a bit short of my normal expectations of what a Westin should be.To start off the visit: went to check in at the Gold/Platinum Preferred Guest desk, and there was no one there. Waited...waited...waited, then someone finally showed up - from her smoking break. I realize this sounds totally bougie, and I don't mean to sound bougie, but whatever...Another misnomer: I thought this hotel would be a "smoke-free" hotel. When I think of smoke-free, I think...NO smoking, right?! WRONG!! I guess smoking is allowed in the casino and lobby area because it still smelled like an ash tray. Ironically enough, there were signs posted that said "no smoking" yet, they had ash trays and matches at the slots and card tables. Thankfully, the rooms were no smoking!!At any rate - not what I expected for a Westin, but not total crap like other hotels in the same price range for the area cost.
1	This is the WORST hotel in Vegas. When they first opened, it was clean, nice and not full of off-the-strip hooligans. My last stay was absolutely terrible. The room wasn't ready until 4pm and they initially stuck me in a room that was vibrating!! I think it was due to its proximity to a huge A/C condensor unit. WTF?!!! I went back to the front desk and asked for another room. And they said I would have to wait again. WTFx2??!!! The front desk people seemed incompetent at best. They finally stuck me in room on the 4th floor instead of an SPG floor and the people in the next room were so loud, I had to complain 3 times the first night to get them to quiet down. Instead of a Westin, it was more like a Best Western. I will never stay at this hotel ever again.
2	For how expensive the hotel is and despite being a Westin the hotel is a let down. I was placed in a room above the main entrance and could hear the random pop-tastic music that they had for greeting cars blaring all night.  They offered no way to tune it out.  Speaker docks for ipods were only for suites so I was out luck.The hotel was also oddly less than pristine.  The room was musty when I first walked in.  The night stand had a lot of dust and even bits of trash including a gum wrapper.    Treasure Island was a much better experience.
2	This has got to be the worst Westin in the universe. Is this even a Westin, or did they take a Motel 6 and change the name and wallpaper?The first floor lobby is not a lobby, it is a really cheap-looking casino. The hotel probably posted 2000 signs that say "No Smoking," but it reeks of smoke. When I called to order breakfast, they neglected my order b/c they couldn't figure out my room number (doesn't the phone service do that automatically, that's why they know your last name?!) I called an hour later to ask where my food was, and the manager had to fix this simple problem. The chicken entree I ordered was terrible. Teaches me for being lazy and wanting to stay in my room for the internet. Chicken was dry and tasteless, fries were way, way, way too salty, there was too much salad dressing and it was too rich. Apparently Starwood members are supposed to get free drink service every night, but when I checked in, they specifically told me it was not a complimentary service. I received an urgent FedEx package the morning after I checked in, and no one bothered to inform me. No slip under my door, no phone call. Again I had to track it down myself. Seriously?!Of course, there were also a few good things about this place. The guy who hails cabs is super nice and friendly, and so is the guy who brings up room service. I may be spoiled in thinking this -- although I don't think so -- but, while I appreciate those things, they're expected at a Westin.
3	Decided to stay at the Westin on a business trip so I could earn a few more Starwood points and since I wasn't attending a conference, could pretty much pick where I wanted to stay.While I suppose they met all the general requirements that Starwood mandates, I just felt like there was something off.  Granted, the rooms had great furnishings and other than a little wear and tear, were well appointed.I guess maybe my consternation has more to do with the downstairs?  The bar and casino area just seem a little off...I don't know if that is because I'm used to over the top casinos at the Strip hotels, or the fact that I'm not used to gambling and smoking at my normal Starwood stops.  Granted this is Vegas, so of course they're going to have these things, but it just seemed...wrong...Also, several of us who had non-smoking rooms could smell smoke residue in our rooms.  Whether that was seepage from nearby rooms or someone who had smoked previously in our rooms, the hotel needs to be a little more on top of keeping the airwaves clear!
3	I'm going to preface this review by saying that going to vegas on a business trip is a total bummer.  I attended a solar conference here yesterday and today - the food served by the hotel for the conference was actually pretty good and the usually freezing cold conference rooms were quite comfortable.  so it was a good place for the conferencehighlights:  right behind Battista's,  $.25 roulette after 7pm!!  roulette table host, Paul, was awesome, I just wanted to play and hang out all night, drinking beers instead of going back to my room to check emails and worklowlights:  the gambling pit was deserted for the most part, not exactly raucous vegas fun,  my room had no shampoo, $14.95 for internet access??  what!I'd stay here again if I could use my starwood points for a deal just for the $.25 roulette.   'cause I'm a high roller like that
1	I'm really torn about this review for this hotel. It earned 5 big stars for their beautiful rooms, smoke free casino, restaurants, and Starwood Preferred guests lounge. We really LOVED out short stay here while on a business trip last July. My disappointments are with certain staff members and their cowardly hotel manager! I planned to surprise my GF with roses in our room upon arrival. I even called ahead of time to make sure the front desk /guest services would accept, sign, and delivery my FTD flowers to our room. At check out time, I kept calling downstairs to see what happened to the missing flowers. I had to pay $11.95 for internet access to find tracking on the FTD site. After speaking to a FTD customer service rep, they said it was delivered as promised. WTH? After we flew back home to CA, I immediately researched more. I wanted to see where my $80+ actually disappeared to! FTD gave me the name of the person who signed for it at the hotel. It was a lady in housekeeping. She NEVER gave it the front/ concierge desk. It remained there after we checked out. OK, I'm pissed, but having personal experience working in the hospitality & hotel industry, I know this could be fixed. Far from it! I continually called the hotel. I kept getting the run around and kept getting transferred and "accidentally" hung up on! They uni formally said the person I need to speak to is "off duty" and to call back at different times. When I did that, they amazingly happened to be too busy, at the moment, to speak to me. The hotel manager NEVER returned my calls (not even a voice mail) and through some lackey, asked if I would take Starwood Preferred points as compensation. I just wanted to speak and try to comprehend their WEAK communication and leadership skills. After several weeks, I just gave up entirely, and just wrote them off. I still have ALL my attempts documented with names, dates, times, and dept heads. Minuses- 1. They don't have an 800 toll free number! Which means it's LONG distance phone charges! 2. Valet parking is under the direct sizzling Vegas sun! I could have parked it myself...without tipping the guy! It was so hot in the car, you'd think Valet would be better in a covered garage.3. Their lack of accountability was shameful!!!
5	Wow, I have to disagree with the majority of these reviews. I love this Westin!! Great location - just off the strip so everything is walkable and it doesn't come with the huge on-strip price tag. The casino is quiet but not crowded. The rooms are big and the beds are so comfy!! You can even bring your pet!!Over all I think this place is a really good value. Highly recomended.
4	This is a great off-strip hotel.The key to that statement is "off-strip." Its not a Paris or Bellagio, but rather a tranquil, spa-like experience that happens to be 1 block away from the strip.The rooms are small, but very well appointed. Our "dream" beds were incredibly comfortable and relaxing. The color scheme is slate grey, soft greens and blues with pure white linens, so the room feels much airier and cleaner than the rest of Vegas. It feels like an escape.There is no smoking allowed in the hotel. It has a near-by liquor store, 7-11, Baptista's and Ellis Island casino for cheap, fast food, liquor, and snacks. The pizza place in Ellis Island blew me away honestly.The staff is helpful and friendly but no cabs seem to come to this hotel. I think it is because they push their hotel car service so much, which I am not a big fan of.It isn't the usual quality of a starwood hotel, but it is comfortable and tranquil in a sea of non-stop madness!
4	I was very pleased with the ambiance and service of The Westin Casuarina in Las Vegas. It's a little bit off the main Strip, but that's why I was able to save more $$. The rooms were clean and smoke-free. The buffet brunch was delicious, and they have Krispy Kreme doughnuts as part of the buffet! Good Times! They do have a fairy small casino. I do appreciate the great gift shop and the Starbucks in the lobby.
5	I agree with Colleen J.! I love this Westin. It's not too far from the strip, yet you can go back to the hotel at night without the parking hazzle and the going across the big casino to finally get to your room. Love the room, and this is the only hotel in Vegas that has a very calming fragrance. As soon as you step into the hotel, you can taste the different smell. We went to have a couple massage at the spa and had wonderful time, very decent, where you can find tranquility. Will definitely go back!!!!
3	Even though this hotel is not located directly on the Strip, it's only about one block away.  The rooms are clean and the "dream" beds are VERY comfortable!  The shower had two shower heads! Nice!  Since I booked the hotel through Priceline, the rate was very good.  Overall, it was a nice hotel.  If you book here, don't expect a raging casino.  The casino is fairly small.  Also, don't expect great customer service.  The hotel clerk was fairly cold upon check-in and the one upon check-out was worse!  Beware of hidden fees when you book through Priceline.  I was charged a $15 amenity fee by the end of my stay.  The clerk said it was for "things like parking, maid services, toiletries...".
2	I stayed at this hotel for business recently. It was overpriced, noisy and not worth being "off the strip". I was shocked at the $16.95 per day Internet access fee, they did have decent beds, but I would expect that from any hotel at that level. The gym was small but did have current and working equipment. The casino was small but I would assume most are coming here for business rather than pure gambling. The worst part was the major road construction on Flamingo, it starts late and night and goes all night long with major road construction keeping you up all night. I have asked my travel department not to book me there again.
3	Priceline got me a room for one night, 2 doubles for $90.30 including tax.  Research by the hubs revealed the Westin adds on a $15+ "resort fee" in addition to the Priceline price.  Damn, since I had given away my $35/night hotel ON the strip @ Imperial Palace to upgrade to a 4-star "south strip" hotel -- I should have looked a little harder on Priceline's listing of what constitutes strip.  But since the rooms, on the Westin website, were registering at $299, I thought it was a super steal.I'll definitely say that I was pleasantly surprised -- smaller in scale than I expected, but posh decor.  Small casino downstairs, but it had just about all that we needed for our first night when we're exhausted from traveling but want a little Vegas action (video poker + slots, a blackjack video machine with the video dealers, and a similar 4-card poker machine -- boo on that one though, I lost :P).  That pool though -- damn. In not a good way.  I can see how they tried, and maybe points for effort, but it was basically rates a 6 for a rooftop pool w/ faux greenery and lots of rocks.  Ten minute walk to the strip isn't too awful -- it's down the street from Bill's Gambling Hall + Half Price Tix, so that was nice!  And caddycorner across the street from Bally's, which made it fab for us to catch Price Is Right and the mini-food court at Paris. Good place to stay, just not what I need in Vegas (again, I was ready + excited to stay at Imperial Palace :D)...
3	I booked my reservation directly at Westin because I noticed they had a $90 deal that included free breakfast buffet for two. What I didn't noticed when I made my reservation until when I researched the map was that it was Maxim hotel I stayed at 10 years ago. I stayed at Maxim 10 years ago as a high school kid following parents to go to Vegas. Since it was my second time going to Vegas back then, I remembered the experience quite clearly. It was typical Chinese middle class family going on vacation: six people staying at the same room, staying at off-strip to avoid high price, eating buffet at MGM grand, M&M was a must go because of game arcade... Compare to that experience, I felt fortunate this time around because only my sister was coming along to this trip. Before the trip, I was aware of the resort charge because it was already added to my bill. The resort charge includes: 2 bottles of water in the room, parking, steam room and sauna access to their spa, and swimming pool access. We tried to check in early but it was not available. I confirmed with the reception on what was included in the bill because a lot of the review I read on yelp stated there were a lot of hidden traps. I noticed there were a lot of information that had been varied according to the source you get the information from. For example: 1) Swimming pool was stated to be under construction on the website. I didn't pack my swimming suit thus and I found out it was otherwise! People were still able to hang out by the pool!! Aside from the pool not very appealing. 2) From the hibiscus Spa site, they stated that hotel guests need to pay to use locker room. The charge is $25. I was confused about that because I thought the resort charge Westin mandatory charged already included the usage? I was told by reception the usage is free. 3) WORST OF ALL... We were so thirsty when we went back to the hotel at night. Sister and I saw two bottles of water on the counter next to the tv. I was lying down to test the Westin comfort bed while my sister opened one of the water bottle... I went to the bathroom and found there were two bottles of water. Just that they were not as fancy as the ones lying outside. I though Westin must be really nice and gave us two extra bottles. Then something came to my mind and I rushed outside to check on the water bottles... (check my pic) It was then I realized it was yet another trap!! It cost my sister $8 for a bottle of water that comes from Italy and hopefully a lesson she would remember for a long time. Compare to 10 years ago, the interior of the hotel improved a lot: no more strong statics on hotel lobby door knobs, more appealing lobby area. The bed was also very comfortable and breakfast buffet was excellent. The air conditioning in my room has no problem. However, the walls were still thin, the room corridors were also very dirty. I dislike the bath tub because the one in my room has a lot of scratches at the bottom. I probably would not choose to stay here again. If you would like the stay here, you can buy drink and snacks from the gas station store which is next to the hotel.
5	I'm going to differ with my wife who gave this place three stars and throw down the five stars for a very simple set of reasons:1. great location- around the corner from the paris/venitian heart of the strip.2. totally low key.3. great hotel room value for the real estate.Hey, it's not the Bellagio, it's a Westin, but it was nice to come back from a night of big fight/downtown vegas gambling to the laid back environment of a business hotel.  It's a concept I call "anti-vegas" and I like it alot. Five stars, bro.
4	Criminy, people are weird. Other than the constant whining about the "service charge" , the main complaints here is the EXACT REASON why the Causarina is so great. You're right, IT'S NOT ON THE STRIP, it's about half a block south. So you don't have to deal with traffic, 200 people waits for the valet or taxi, and hordes of sunburned rednecks in tank tops and shorts carrying around tub sized margaritas.  You can actually park your own car in a structure that isn't half a mile away.  And yet the strip is RIGHT there if you desire to see it, a 5 minute walk . the casino is small, quiet , and manageable. You can play if you want, or walk through the uncrowded place to your room in about 30 seconds.And yes, the pool is small - see the earlier posts about rednecks, and with the pool, include 'roided guidos and silicone pumped bimbos as the other Vegas nightmares you won't be seeing at the tiny , relaxing, manageable pool. And after a night on the town, you can come back to your quiet, comfortable Westin Bed. If you are looking for a crap "theme", a mile long walk to your hotel room, and hordes of Vegas jagoffs, don't stay here.
5	We go to Vegas a lot and usually have always stayed at the larger, flashier hotels, but this time, I decided to try out the Westin. I'm usually a huge fan of the Westin and although this particular location isn't as nice as the majority of them worldwide, it still has all the fixings which I love about the Westin.Check in was a breeze and friendly. It didn't take much time at all before we were all headed up to our room. I like the fact that this was a smaller hotel and that we didn't have to walk forever to get to our room. The other redeeming factor was that it didn't smell like smoke. Smoking is allowed in the casino area, but since it's so small, you don't have a host of people hanging out anyway.Between 5 and 7pm, there is a complimentary happy hour for all guests. You can go down to Suede restaurant and enjoy wine, beer, snacks -- all unlimited -- for 2 hrs. We went down and got some fruit, cheese, chips and they had some pretty tasty wine available as well as various beers and soft drinks.Later, we were making tea in our room and ran out of tea bags, cups and water (they give you Nestle bottled water for free to make tea and coffee with) so we called housekeeping and within 5 mins they had brought us some more.The Heavenly bed is out of this world -- I just dozed off in the middle of the afternoon enveloped in its comfort. The shower is another plus with its signature 2 shower heads.We did have a problem with the AC as it wouldn't register any lower than 72 degrees. I had set it to 65 degrees before we left to go out for dinner and when we returned, it was the same temp. So I again called downstairs and they sent an engineer within 5 minutes. He brought us a bar of chocolate -- how awesome is that?He changed the filter and fixed the problem and was out the door in less than 10 mins. The room remained cool for the whole night. So for me, this was an awesome experience. The service was out of this world. My previous experiences with other hotels is that you can call them, but they won't arrive for at least 15-20mins. I would definitely come back again the next time we visit Vegas. I'm done with all those kitschy flashy hotels.Oh, and winning money at the casino was another huge plus!!4.5 stars!!!
3	Overall, a decent experience. Check-in was prompt and friendly. The room was clean on the surface, but showed signs of much wear, especially the carpet. My ironing board was broken and I called for a replacement. when I came back to my room later, the board was replaced, but #2 was also broken (ironically, exactly the same way with the exact same markings and stains). call #3 resulted in a working ironing board.Very loud people across the hall, though a call to Service Express resulted in security responding within moments. On my second day (of 3), my room was not made up by housekeeping. I left the room at 8 a.m. and returned at 3 p.m. Albeit, I put out the do-not-disturb sign between 3-4, and housekeeping likely came by then. I left at 4 and returned after 7. I would have appreciated a call asking if I wanted my room made up. Main hotel pet peeve - why take the perfectly good bar of soap I opened? Your signs ask me about clean towels and sheets, but why can't I keep the bar of soap I opened?! I moved the one bar of soap into the shower (hoping they wouldn't take it). Didn't realize there was no soap until I was in the shower. Had to step out and get the new, unopened bar of soap from the vanity. Annoying. The bellman/valet conned me into taking an unauthorized limo service to the airport even though I insisted 3x on a cab. I reluctantly agreed only to have the driver ask me not to tell (oops!) since he isn't authorized to serve as a taxi. A call back to the hotel resulted in a conversation with the bellmen supervisor and someone in customer service. I thought they handled my call very well.$5 just to log on to the Internet to print a boarding pass? Seriously? Oh...to the reviewer who felt duped/conned by the $8 bottle of water on the dresser: the tag attached to the bottle clearly states the price. Overpriced? Yes. Conned. No.
4	First time staying at this hotel in Vegas.  Found it really cheap on Travelzoo.  $89 bucks a night on the weekend.  Overall, it was amazing for less than $100 bucks on a Fri/Sat.  The bartenders on the night shift were great - shout out to Tim & Joe.  They made great drinks and put up with some drunk messes.  The room is very standard, not too big, but clean.  The tub flooded a bit when taking a shower.  The restaurant, Suede, is very overpriced but I found the food to be delicious.  Starbucks in the lobby (A+)...I loved playing the slots with a mocha in hand.  Could walk to mid-strip in about 10 minutes.Not too smoky, smelled clean, no wait for a taxi, very courteous staff.  I would most likely stay there again if I can't get a similar price on the strip.
3	I hate to give a Westin property anything less than 4 stars, but here is a first.  I arrived late and check in was easy.  I went directly to my room since I had an early breakfast meeting the next morning. My room was clean and I unpacked before brushing my teeth and hitting the "heavenly" bed that I enjoy.  Here was my complaint.  while brushing my teeth I felt a cold tingle on my feet.  I discovered as the water poured out from under the sink that my feet were getting the early splash ( Warning) that something was wrong.  I stopped the water to see that the pipes were disconnected?  Since they were metal pipes this was deliberate by whoever stayed in the room last.  I was too tired to change rooms so I mopped up the water with a few towels ( leaving one for the morning shower) and put the pipes back together as best I could so that I could use the sink to finish brushing and in the morning. I also wedged one of the towels under the pipe so that it would stay together.  It didn't dawn on me until later as to how the cleaning crew wiped up the sink without figuring this one out??When I got up I showered and used the sink before leaving for my meeting.  I stopped at the front desk to let them know the issue.   They said that they would send up maintenance while I was out.  I went to my meetings and returned to see that Maintenance had been there and really did nothing on top of what I did.  Oh, except move the towel out to the middle of the floor and replace it with a clean wash cloth from on top of the counter.  What service, wow!  This made me upset since you would have thought that they would have scheduled the room to be cleaned right after the maintenance man visited.  No I came back to a dirty room that was a little worse.  Yes the story gets better.  Vegas is hot in the summer and I had walked back from another hotel that early afternoon and needed to wash my face.  Now that the maintenance had used one of the wash clothes for the pipes I only had one left.  I picked it up to see that it was not very clean.  To say the least I am disappointed in this property.Some good to finish, the staff was helpful ( Front desk) and the price is right ( $119) for a Westin. I would stay here again.
2	The location of the Westin is very convenient and booked here on recent trip to Vegas for some R&R. Priceline made the selection and the price was reasonable. Is this really a 4-star hotel?! As for the actual hotel: check-in was prompt and the staff was friendly. The room was nice, but the cleaning staff left some hairs behind in the bathroom. The walls must have been made of paper, our neighbors on the right must have been on Spring Break and did not understand the concept of quiet and had to call the front desk to quiet these fools down twice in the same night. The neighbors on the left had a twisted sense of humor and mocked having sex or maybe actually did perform the deed, but the commotion only lasted 2 minutes. Premature ejac...? Sad anyway! The experience was exhausting and the only saving grace was the mattress and a Starbucks adjacent to the sad and smallish casino. Steer clear unless the Westin decides to reinforce their walls!
4	It's not located in the best spot ever (off the main strip) but the Westin had a lot of things going for it.Fast check-in, fast valet service and free wine, beer and snacks at 5:30PMThe beds are SO comfortable. I mean really nice with lots of pillows. You can really get a good nights sleep even after consuming large amounts of alcohol. The bathroom was very clean and even had a hair dryer and a scale (?) along with all the usual shampoos, lotions and sewing kits. TV was not new but then again, I'm not in Vegas to sit on my ass watching TV.The pool area is small (but then the whole hotel is on a smaller scale) but has excellent quality comfortable lounge chairs and nice big umbrellas (for those of us with less then adequate amounts of pigment). There is even one of those mist spraying thingies above some of the loungers. Pool itself is small but clean and it was fairly quiet with almost no screaming splashing children. Spent quite a few hours up there. Nice bartender too who kept giving me water with a smile. The location isn't as good and you have to walk by some sketchy establishments on the way to the strip but overall the quality of everything was just as good if not better then some of the major hotels (I'm thinking of you Planet Hollywood).
3	After three nites at Planet Hollywood (reviewed, 3-stars), I was looking forward to my move a traditional and 'quiet' business hotel.  That is what you'll find at the Westin, despite the casino in the lobby.In contrast to your typical Vegas mega casino resort--you won't be charged $20-$30/day for fitness club access.  And unlike Planet Hollywood's 9AM pool opening time and Mandalay Bay's at 8am, here, the pool opens at 6AM and doesn't close until 2AM!Also, in comparison to typical Vegas strip mega-hotels (this is 1/4 mile east of mid-strip) this place is tiny.  Say, 300 guest rooms instead of 3,000.  It does have a casino, but small with a tiny sports book offering better odds than big boys (e.g. Patriots 9-2, while Mandalay Bay is 3-1).  Also, on weekdays 5-8pm blackjack has a $5 minimum.GOOD HOTEL..................................-No lengthy check-in line.-My room had nice furnishings.  -Bath robes in room.-Evening reception with free beer, wine and snacks.-Nice, i-POD-compatible stereo radio.-(my room rate included nice breakfast buffet).-24-hour Fitness Room-Decent outdoor pool.-In room coffee maker.ALTHOUGH......................................-Standard, old tube TV.  No HBO, etc.-Guest room normal sized--i.e. tiny by Vegas standards. That also means a small bathroom, with one tub and one sink.-It's a little bit amateur-hour management here.  For example, there was no hotel guidebook in room with information on the health club, pool, TV stations, etc.   When I inquired, I was told that the hotel was out of them.  Bath robes were delivered while I was out one evening.  Except they were tossed, rolled-up on the floor.  My blackjack dealer had trouble adding up cards (I am NOT joking).  Some gamblers may think that this is a good thing  ; )
3	I feel kind of bad to complain about this hotel.  Kind of guilty even.  I dont really know why.  It is totally clean, comfotable and updated and you can tell they are trying to be chic and fun, but I really wouldnt stay here again.  Its a bad location and definitely not for a younger crowd.  The casino is small and the restaurants do not stay open late.  However, I really liked the pool.
4	Not willing to spend $200+ for a Saturday night at a fancy shmancy resort, we pricelined a room here for $100 and got accepted.First, it's not directly on the strip, but rather around the corner from the strip.  It's very close though and I think the privacy was rather nice.My husband's a starwood preferred member so he was rather surprised that this was LV's starwood property (planet hollywood is too for anyone interested).  He could have easily used his points for the room rather than paying.  But hey, we're not complaining!  $100 for a Saturday night is a sweet deal!!But gosh darn it!  That damn *HEAVENLY* bed ruined our night!  After a long drive and a few drinks at the pool, we decided to NAP before our night out with friends.  And no, we didn't set the alarm.Anyways, we woke up 12 hours later!!!  That bed was so comfortable we both drifted off into lala land....  So this trip was a first for me.  We got plenty of R&R and enjoyed a nice earlybird breakfast at like 7 in the morning...  I'm sure my story could be #1 for the tamest/lamest Vegas trip EVER!!!  In summary, small facility, good location, small casino, small quaint pool, decent self parking, and a GREAT bed to crash.  4 stars!
4	I was less than thrilled when we got this hotel on priceline, but I have to say we enjoyed our stay.  A four star hotel it is probably not, but the room was clean and the bed super comfortable.  The bathroom was a little on the small side as was the whole room, but I think it's the big furniture that crams the room up.  Kudos on the drapes for making the room really dark!  Check in was the easiest ever and I was really impressed with their customer service.  My hubby forgot black dress socks, but called down and they brought some right up!  Also was a little too hungover to go out for breakfast so we ordered room service and it was very fast and not bad tasting either!  Pool is not very busy so it was easy to find a lounge chair and is decent.  They also have comp happy hour which we made good use of one particular night.So if you get a great deal on priceline, not to worry.  No it's not on the strip, but I felt it was actually easier and faster with cabs taking the back roads to and from here.  It was very quiet, never heard anybody from our room, and you didn't have to walk a mile to get to your room.  I would stay here again if I got a great deal and didn't want to mess with a big, crazy hotel.
3	Similar to Laura l, I was less than thrilled that I got this hotel while bidding on priceline, but overall, it turned out ok.   The biggest Pros of this hotel were definetly the beds and the shower.  OMG, sinking into that nice, HEAVENLY bed, after a night out...the best ever!  The shower with the double showerheads...very nice.  Location, I thought, is also good, although it's off the strip.  But the places I was interested in going were all really close, and especially if you're planning on driving around, you can drive around the back of the strip and cut your travel time down by at least half! sitting on the strip during traffic times...not so fun.  So the location worked out well for me.  I LOVED their line of shower soaps and lotions that the Westin uses...a green tea line (im sure they call it something that's a little more catchy tho haha) and it's my favorite of all the hotel soaps and shampoos i've experienced yet.As for the cons.  First off, the room was pretty tiny...and checking in, we didnt get a very nice receptionist lady.  Maybe it's because we dont look like we're old enough to be respectable? Iono.  Also, while, i liked that the lobby was really small, and you didnt have to walk a mile through a casino to get to the elevators as other hotels might make you do...this place is packed with a lot more business-y and professional people, and if you're walking around in your 'vegas-only' attire...you get a lotta weird stares and creepers.  *shudder*  The pool was just alright too...SUPER tiny...good thing we werent in the mood to hang out by the pool, cuz i dont think we would've fit!!  Other than that, my only other complaint is the seemingly lack of service they provide...most hotels i know will provide you with toiletries if you happen to forget them...and it's not like i was asking for a suitcase full! All i wanted was a simple toiletry item, but they had us go to to the gift shop to buy it at like a 500% markup. So overall, good and bad to this hotel...i would probably still come back though, knowing what i know now so that i'd be prepared in advance.
3	My brother-in-law and sister stayed here and had a really nice stay.  They were out and about the entire time though.  I visited once and played in the casino, but was out of luck that night.The property seems nice enough, but the location isn't great being far enough from The Strip to be away from the action, but not far enough away to be completely away from the action.  Does that make sense?  I guess I am saying that I would rather be much further away from the Strip or directly on it during my trips to Las Vegas.I called the hotel from another hotel during the same visit to have a bottle of champagne sent to their room.  They did exactly what I asked and took my credit card over the phone.  I was impressed with that.
2	The Westin Casuarina is OK at best.  The rooms were pretty clean and the beds are the "Heavenly Beds" which truly are amazing, but the place overall (the lobby, hallways, etc..) are pretty drab and kind of gross.  The staff are also not the most competent - they kept throwing my half-used bottles of body wash and bars of soap away and forgetting to replace them--and were dragging around bags of trash (including bottles) really late one night right past my door.  The pool is quite funny once you see it in person (as opposed to the website) and it is quite abhorrent that they charge $17/day for internet and another $17/day for a "resort bundle" of amenities like their crappy gym and use of your in-room coffee machine.  Overall--it's not really how the website portrays it and you could definitely do better for the price--perhaps the Palms (though that's a bit MTV for my liking).
1	I stayed here during my recent trip to Vegas. We got this room for $90/night from Priceline.com.  The hotel itself is close to the Stip, particularly to Ballys, Paris, Cesars and Bellagio.  The lobby is decent, not too loud, not too smoky. The staff are helpful and nice.The pool area is decent; the pool itself is TINY and the drinks are EXPENSIVE. The gym is okay for a hotel gym. The bed was wonderful, but the walls were thin. Overall, I would have given this hotel 3 stars as an A-OK if it weren't for the ridiculous events surrounding our check-in and check-out. Upon arrival, we were told that there was a $15 daily hotel fee, normally charged but "waived" for us due to our Priceline deal, that covers: parking, breakfast buffet, use of gym and pool, and high speed internet. I thought, this has got to be too good to be true, so I clarified: "So you're saying this $15 fee is included already in our $90 per night charge?" YES. "And this includes the parking, breakfast, etc?" YES.Come check out, we were charged $15/day as well as $40 for our one stop at the breakfast buffet. We let them know this was an error. The person checking us out then informed us the guy who checked us in is "a new guy" who "doesn't know what he's talking about" and that the $15 fee is NEVER included in a priceline package. Nor is breakfast.After speaking to the management we got the $15 fee waived for the 3 days we were there, but we ended up paying $45 for some eggs and potatoes.They really need to get their story straight about this $15 charge and make sure people know UP FRONT that this is a charge that will be assessed, so if you get a great deal on priceline you will be let down.
3	This place is pretty cool. First, let me say something about the beds... AWESOME! nuff said. The room was very clean and comfortable. The staff from the desks at check-in all through the bar and into the casion were EXTREMELY friendly. Good family atmosphere. Some of the down sides, its easily a 5 minute walk to the strip even with long legs and a fast pace. The casio is very small and the tables close by midnight or 1am if it isn't busy. Its pricy if you try to book a room from their website.... and I mean WAY overpriced. I pricelined this room for $75. That was deffinantly a good deal. I would pay up to $84 dollars becasue they charge you and automatic 16 bucks at check in which brings the grand total to about $100.. which is reasonable. pros:great roomsAMAZING BEDgreat serviceNegatives:Fairly far from the stripOverpriced unless you priceline itnot very many people in casinoAlso, this place is supposed to be a 4 star... The quality is a four star. Some people say it should only be a 3 star because its off the strip... NEWSFLASH: star rating doesn't use location....
3	I really love that there is a Westin so close to the strip - literally one block away from two tram stations and 2 blocks from the best shopping areas (planet hollywood & ceasars). The hotel casino, gym, bar, conference rooms are amazing, but the room that I was in was crappy (except for the heavenly bed). There was a big ass tv in the room (no flat screen) and the remote was finicky; there was a digital scale in the bathroom. but no batteries; there was no fart fan in the bathroom (not cool!); and pool and spa was small and full of loud kids (expected, but still not cool). Thankfully, I used my free points to stay here, but I think that's part of the reason why I got such a shitty room location. I've never stayed in a smaller room before. I understand that this is vegas and they love to have shitty service and oddly screwballish kind of rooms and amenities to try and make you get out and spend your money, but damn what good is it if I never want to come back?It wasn't all bad though, the resort fee is $12, but it comes with valet service (if you want to tip), boarding pass printing, water in the room, use of the sauna, and gym. The casino area is relaxed and not smoke filled and loud. You can actually learn how to play the games because the dealers have only a few customers playing at a time. Oh, the best part is the happy hour! There is an open bar in a room downstairs where you can drink wine (white and red) or beer for 2 hours! Needless to say, I got my $12 resort fee EVERY night.
3	Over all, quite a nice spot to stay. You won't get the traditional Vegas resort experience but the hotel is nice and comfortable. It's only a short walk from the strip which is very convienent.Pros:*comfortable beds* water in the room* nice bathrooms and decorCons:* Thin walls* pool is not that great
3	Not a bad back-up plan. We booked hte Westin last minute after all of the "Vegas" hotels were either booked or over $350 each. It was fight weekend so it was expected. The location is not bad. It is right off the strip and just as walkable and many of the hoels on the strip.The rooms were Westin-esque, although we have stayed at nicer Westins. I think this place must have been a different hotel before. They offer a full casino and sportsbook. Although not very big, this can be a good thing for someone trying to learn the games without the pressure of the fast-moving strip casinos.They did charge a $15 fee for each room, but that entitled each guest in that room (we had 2) to a manager's reception every evening from 5:30pm to 7:30pm. This reception had some light snacks, such as chips and salsa, and more importantly, free alcohol. Wine and beer only, but there were quality beers such as Blue Moon.In a pinch, I would stay here again!
2	Not what I expected from a Westin.  This could be the result of unrealistic expectations on my part, but my experience was truly a mixed one.The good; the location is excellent.  It is just off the strip, so you can be part of the action or return to the hotel for something mellow.  Used their gym, which has new equipment, is clean and offers flat screen televisions to make the workout a little easier.The bad; booked a non-smoking room, but was hit with that mixture of cigarette smoke and cleaning-solution upon entry.  Was also hit with - the new thing - an unauthorized resort fee upon checkout.  Resort fees are something new hotels are doing.  It's like a gift you hadn't planned on giving.  Whether one uses the mini-bar or drinks the bottled water you receive a general resort fee at the end of your stay; that was not disclosed to me upon check-in and is accrued on a daily basis.  This Westin's daily resort fee is $15, plus tax ($1.80).  People don't have to be tricked into staying at a Westin.  This cost should be embedded in the general price and not added to the bill upon checkout, as if one drank all the soda from the mini bar.The ugly; discussed this experience with a fellow leisure and business traveler.  Their experience - while traveling on business - several months prior at the same location did not involve a resort fee, but did entail what sounds like inept management during the night shift.  A screaming women next door, male shouts and non-responsive security.  Las Vegas can be an ugly place and it is reasonable to expect immediate response from hotel staff and security.
4	For a hotel that isn't located right on the Strip, this Westin is not bad at all.  Like other Westins, the beds are super comfy and the amenities are nice.  This particular Westin has a casino, restaurant, Starbucks, spa and swimming pool.  It's also a very convenient drive to the airport.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating.  Room service was excellent, and whenever we needed fresh towels and other supplies, the staff was there to the rescue.The Strip and other major hotels/casinos are easily accessible if you're willing to walk a bit.  I'd recommend taking a cab if you can...especially you ladies who wear crazy stiletto heels!  It costs roughly $8 from this hotel to most places on the Strip.
2	I was really disappointed in this Westin Hotel, just off the Strip in Las Vegas. You would think that Westin, one of the better brands of hotels in the Starwood family, would go all out for their only Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas. Top shelf to attract both the business travelers who have learned to rely on Westin's level of service, and the casual traveller, who wants a good hotel near the strip. They missed on both.This Westin can't make up its mind between being a business hotel and a Vegas hotel. It has a very small casino, with 1 crap table, a few table games, and some slots, but virtually nobody playing. The crap table never opened. And the rooms are small and very much business like, versus Vegas like in size, decor and style. And although Westin has only owned this porperty for less than 6 years, it is already showing age around the edges, losing any freshness or swank it might have had at opening. It just doesn't have a crisp feel like many other Westins in major cities have. And right now, the city is doing major construction work on this section of Flamingo Road, so getting in and out of here is a hassle. If you want a business hotel in Vegas, I suggest you try Embassy Suites on Paradise. And if you want a more resort like hotel that is reasonable, try the Hilton Grand Vacation properties (there are 3 in Vegas). EIther can be had for under $150. OR get those internet deals from the major Casino Hotels, which are offering some great deals. Like the Venetian mid-week for $69, or many others for under $100.At least I got 1 day of starpoints to add to my Starwood SPG account.
4	Choose your own adventure! This hotel is perfect for people who like the excitement of Vegas, but aren't looking for a 24/7 party and like to relax as well! Its such a short (5 minute) walk to the strip! My friends all stayed @ MGM the same weekend and it was probably a 10 minute walk just to get out of their hotel after leaving the room, walking down the loooong hallways, waiting for elevators, walking through the crowds, past the theaters, casinos, etc. I was so happy to have the calm lobby of the Westin to welcome me home each night!This hotel has all the amenities of the bigger strip hotels but on a smaller scale and without the crowds. There is a small casino area (where it seems to me the odds were better than the bigger hotel casinos), a Starbucks, hotel restaurant (breakfast buffet is great!), gift shop, pool, and even a spa which i'm excited to try next time! There is also aconvenience store just a 1.5 minute walk from the front doors, yes, yes, very convenient! Plus if you decide you want the huge flashy casino, drunk frat boys, and smokey atmosphere, the strip is right up the block!Some of the other Yelper's complaints on here seem unwarranted to me. I have stayed at this hotel 5 or 6 times on various floors and have never had any problems. I don't see many signs of wear and tear at all. The rooms are decorated very modern (no hideous flowered bedspreads here!), the hallways are painted and carpeted in calming, nuetral tones. The beds are super comfy. Plus I love getting two free bottles of water in the room (the ones by the sink, not the ones on the entertainment area!!) cause it's the desert, you gotta stay hydrated people! Staff is extremely nice and very helpful with directions, recommendations, etc.The $15 a day fee is not uncommon for many reputable hotels to charge. You should always ask about additional taxes and fees when booking a hotel room to get an actual price that you'll be paying. If you don't, that's your bad!Additional pro's:10 minute walk to the Miracle Mile Mall @ Planet Hollywood. Mall is huge and stays open til 11pm 10 min walk to the Bellagio to see the fountain show!When u walk up to the strip, you are nearly dead-center so its not too far to get to the end (North strip or south strip) in either direction!
4	First and foremost, Las Vegas Casinos don't give the  love to pet owners as much as other cities and their hotels.  I know the pets don't gamble, but I would rather have a cute dog next to me than a drunk twenty something throwing up on the hallways after over drinking and losing his 100 bucks playing craps.That being said, I read most of the reviews here before I went to this Westin.  I wasn't expecting much but got a great deal.  Of course, I drove from San Diego for Thanksgiving with some of my family so I had a car to drive around the strip.  I have been to Vegas so many times that I don't even do any touristy thing unless there is something new.  Unfortunately, the new City Center (67 acres of steel and metal) was not open ye (supposed to have specialized boutiques like 5th ave in NY or the Magnificent Mile in Chicago see the website).  There are also various hotel and residential properties along the same property.Back to the Westin, as described by others, although it labels itself a Hotel, Casino & Spa, it is more of a Hotel and Spa.  The casino part is small and very intimate.  There are some slot machines and table games but the table games are only open at night and 24/7 only on weekends. The room was pretty standard with some of the fixtures updated and I never felt I was at a motel or some lower class hotel.  Seeing some of the other hotels in the strip, The Westin is dwarfed and there is not a lot of bldg and prkng to speak of.  There is no lounge area (thank god) but there is a bar if you come back from some event or show and want to just sit and drink before going to bed (even play video poker).I can honestly recommend this more to those who bring their dogs (20lbs or under).  Its the closest to the strip if you do not desire to walk far.  I have stayed at the Staybridge Suites off Russell Road and 15 but  its not an easy walk to the strip from there.  And they were never surprised that a dog or dogs were being walked in the lobby to do its duty outside.  The outside path for the dogs is fairly small and next to the outdoor Employee area (for smoking - the hotel is non-smoking except in the lobby/casino area).If you ever have any questions about this place, let me know.  Service itself is adequate and useful.  One feature that I like is Room Service.  I know they are overpriced but here is the deal.  You drove for 6 hours and now you are in your room hungry, do you really want to get up, and go downstairs to the lobby restaurant or even drive to another casino/hotel to get some food.  You just want some nourishment so you can rest.  I try to stay away from ordering too much, just enough to last you until you get to the nice restaurant you planned to visit.I would book at this place again in the future.By the way, I lost a lot of money in Vegas but gained more info on where to stay next time we bring Apricot our dog.
2	I wanted to like this place, but ultimately the bad outweighed the good.Westin:  Stop charging people a surprise fee of $15/day that they are not advised of either upon booking or check-in.  Not good for business.Also, please consider your levels of service.  If you are charging as much as you do, make sure you have more than one person managing your check-in/general question desk in the lobby area.  Please, Westin - staff your concierge desk.Also, make sure that your employees at least pretend that they care about the clients that are paying a lot of money to stay there.Unless you pay attention, expect to go out of business in this location.  Read the reviews online about how people hate your fee that you surprise them with.  Live and learn, please.
3	When I ended up with the Westin after bidding on 4-star hotels on Priceline, I was really disappointed to end up at the only non-party, non-themed 4-star hotel that was also located off the strip.  After my stay, I found it was really not bad....probably nowhere I would stay on purpose, but not bad.The Westin is a small non-smoking hotel with a small casino, a Starbucks, one restaurant and a small bar.  It caters primarily to business clientele and I noticed a lot of elderly people staying there.  The first negative point to this hotel, was the fact that they charged a 15-dollar resort fee, despite the fact that I bid on Priceline.  When I asked what it included, he told me that it included the pool, the fitness center, maid service and bottled water  ( all the stuff that most hotels include in the cost).  It is a bummer that they do not tell us this until check-in.  What he failed to tell me about was the awesome FREE happy hour....if it hadn't been for these Yelp reviews, I would've missed the biggest perk.Well, let me tell you...this happy hour was awesome...5:30-7:30 everyday, all-you-can-drink wine, beer, soft drinks....and sangria!  The frirst day just included chips, salsa, and chili dip.  The second there was a simple buffet of quesadillas, pizza, fruit, veggies, chips, cheeses, and lots of other odds and ends.  The best part is that we shared our tables with other hotel guests, as this is in a private reception room, and, as this hotel is the choice for Delta to put up their employees, we met a group of pilots one night and flight attendants the next...it was fun to make new friends and start the party.  We even got sangria to go!Otherwise, the hotel was not a lot of fun. The rooms are comfortable but not special.  The beds are comfortable and showerheads are massaging, but the rooms are small and the tub had some mildew.  The staff was really friendly and all wore cute cowboy hats in honor of the rodeo that was in town.  We were told they would be switching to santa hats soon for Christmas.  Because the hotel is small, it was easy to find our way around, and we were able to avoid any long lines.  It may be off the strip, but it is so close it doesn't matter.  It is less than a block from Balley's and a short walk to Ceasar's.Keep in mind, they charge daily for Internet service and there is no ipod jack in the radio, so bring your own speakers.
4	I like staying here for all the reasons others don't want to stay here: it's off the Strip (by a block), it's non-themed (thank goodness), it's non-smoking, it's a small building which translates to a small casual casino (not loud), with a friendly staff who are extremely accommodating. Oh, and the rates are very reasonable. Rooms are nicely appointed, with very comfortable beds. There is a small but useful pool and hot tub, with an area to lay out too. If you want to play with the big boys for a while - just walk down the block to the Strip.
4	I stayed here with a bunch of girls for a bachelorette party. It was a lot of fun. The maid were really nice when you asked them for extra towels. The place was clean and the beds were really nice and cushy. The concierge was really helpful in getting us into clubs. The restaurant downstairs was a great place to eat. We ate there twice. It's not a crowded place, so you can get seated promptly. Once after we checked in in the morning. The breakfast was great. The server gave us a carafe of coffee so we didn't have to keep asking for refills. Then we went there for dinner. When we sat down, we told the waiter that we had 1 hour to eat before we had to leave. So he told us what we can order that he can get out quickly. All the food was really good. One girl still raves about the steak 4 months later... Another favorite amenity is the hot tub. It's not a often used place, maybe it was the time of year.. but it was a great place to go soak after a day of shopping. Overall, I would stay again. But if you need a taxi, walk to one of the nearby larger hotels and get one there because there aren't many that come by that place. Although at night, there are limos waiting to take you place, a bit pricier, but worth the cost when you have such a large group.
3	This is a nice enough Westin--nothing really special, but it's well maintained, and the staff is helpful and courteous. A few points of note: They do a decent job of making compact fluorescent room lamps blend in nicely with the decor--the rooms don't seem as harshly lit as most. Like many Westins, the bathrooms in the guest rooms are very attractive. They're well designed, appointed, and stocked. And this may be the only hotel I've visited in Vegas that actually puts a coffee pot in your room--no forced run to the lobby Starbucks (which of course it has) for coffee in the morning. They also have a computer in the lobby that you can use--at no cost--for printing (boarding passes, etc.).Now the bad: For a hotel that likely gets a lot of business travelers, there's not one outlet in the room that's easily accessible without crawling on the floor. Nowadays people need a place to charge their mobile devices. How about a desk or lamp outlet SOMEWHERE...? Also, they tack an additional "services" fee on your bill for each night of your stay, and on top of that, the fee itself is taxed. A sign in the lobby explains that this is for the amenities [you'd expect at a hotel like this], including the pool/spa, etc. I call bulls***. It's a cost of doing business, and it should be included in the room price, not hidden in a surprise line item that's tacked onto your bill. Reminded me of my phone bill with all of the fees the carriers don't want to include in their price.And finally: The major drawback to this hotel is its location. It's not too far from the Strip, but it requires some walking. If you use the monorail to get around Vegas (and if you don't, WHY don't you?), the signage and announcements indicate that the Flamingo stop is closest to the Westin. They lie. It's not. The Flamingo station may be physically located closest to this hotel, but you must walk all the way out and through the Flamingo casino, to the Strip, to get out--all in the opposite direction from the hotel. Lesson: The Bally's stop is really the closest. Get off at Bally's, walk through the shopping arcade, and exit at the sports book. The Westin is across the street and just a short walk down the street.
3	Also not far my hotel, I started my early morning at this hotel/casino and played a couple $25.00 hands of Blackjack. And I won both hands too with the dealer went over 21. "Whoo-hoo!"With those two winning hands, I wisely and quietly left the blackjack table as a winner. So I rewarded myself with a cup of coffee and breakfast at the Starbucks, located on the same casino level. I ordered a Grande Coffee with an add-shot and a Blueberry Muffin. Totaled: $9.25. "Man, where are we; at the airport? That is one pricey trip to Starbucks. At least it's free, thanks to my prior winning at the blackjack table.
2	One of the worst Westins I've stayed in. Rooms were noisy, dirty (bathroom floor), mold and mildew in shower, cigarette burns on carpet (non smoking floor). No flat screen TVs. Small rooms. About the only good thing I can say about this hotel is that the location is decent and they have great beds/linen.
4	I crashed at my boyfriend's room because he was here for a conference so I can't comment about the price, but hey hey hey I had a pleasant experience here! It's a 2 minute walk from Ellis Island ($6.99 steak, potatoes, and veggies with a beer!!!!!!!!!) and pretty close to the Strip. There was plenty of parking. The beds are so comfortable! The blankets keep you so warm. Don't smoke in your room! All rooms are non-smoking and they will charge you $200 if they know you smoked in your room. That's nice to go green but wtf you're in Vegas. People who don't even smoke will smoke in Vegas.
4	I like it.  The room was BIG.  I liked the casino.  Had my friend gamble for me because I never gamble and won.  The employees were nice.  The buffet nice.  Minor situations with the internet and TVs.  Had to switch rooms because TVs were not  connected.  Very helpful employees and very nice but not trained for certain trouble shooting.  Also, both TV's did not work in the rooms because they were disconnected.  I suggest to log if TV connections work in every room for preventative maintenance.   Other than that I love this hotel.  Starbucks, YUMMY!
3	Stayed here last weekend, it's right behind the Flamingo a block from the strip. The location is not too bad but it's not worth going off the strip to go gambling at. The casino was tiny and they only opened the Roulette table after 5pm. When we did play it was fun! Nice to not suck in all the smoke and shove people to get through. The room was clean, bed was comfy, and workers were nice, except for one! One of the dealers was so rude! She was to busy talking our ears off and watching tv she screwed up a few times and the pit boss was not happy. I got confused once and moved a chip on the roulette table after she said no more and she totally yelled at me for it! I was like really? It was a mistake like the million of them you did!
2	-- Lobby stinks of smoke and has no other attraction-- Housekeeping sucked because despite a DND sign, they kept knocking every 45mnts or so!-- Room service took forever-- Bathroom was not actually "Westin-big" and the shower tub was actually quite annoying because the stopper kept closing itself shut due to the force of the water. -- Overall the place is old and shabby, not maintained too well -- All in all, not a great deal, not a great place, and not recommended really.
3	nice, love the lack of smoking that most hotels have in lv.  but, the room wasn't ready until 6pm! we arrived at 3pm and had a wedding to attend at 7pm.  didn't make for a happy time getting ready in the spa/workout room.  ugh!  felt discombobulated trotting around our luggage.  of course getting ready, we didn't need all of our luggage, so we "checked it in" , well when we needed it late, there was a big fuss b/c the guy who took our luggage didn't give us a ticket and when we asked for it back, the new guy refused b/c we had no ticket. we upgraded to a deluxe but the room lacked an ipod dock (the main reason we upgraded).  i would stay there again for the non smoking and the clean atmosphere. staff were all around nice.  even offered the "unwind" deal upon arrival (free drink).  it was nice, but i don't drink.
2	For the Westin, this place stinks, literally.  When I walk in the room(s), it has that very musky smoked in room.  The bar downstairs is good though, always happening.  If I wasn't such an SPG points whore, I would never stay here.  Word is that they will be getting a renovation soon...it is sorely needed.
3	Look but dont touch. It looks great aesthetically pleasing. But walls are paper thin, the one thin blanket they give you and the towels felt like they were made of burlap. Its not bad for a 1 night stay.. GREAT price for what you get. But I wouldnt call it luxurious let alone give it 4 stars. 3 is a decent rating for this place. Oh and I ordered calamari from the bar downstairs and although the banana peppers were a nice touch.. ive had MUCH better batter on my calamari. Calamari gets a 2.
2	Even though I'm a gold starwood member, I don't know the specific rank in quality between Sheraton, Westin, W, St. Regis, and whatever else is out there. But I've been in plenty of Sheratons and Westins to know this place falls way short. Located right behind the Flamingo casino so it's not far on the strip, make sure to tell the cab driver at the Vegas airport to go to the "Westin Casuarina". We booked into a deluxe room on what appeared to be a Starwood Preferred Guest floor. I'm not sure the Starwood rooms are supposed better or worse than the regular rooms. But this is what I found. Bathrooms no vent. The TV is really old, not-HD, not really flat-screen, rather small size, no DVD player, and it doesn't have the channel/movie selection that other hotels in the chain do. Temperature change worked fine. Starbucks coffee grounds for the machine. Sheets clean. iHome on the nightstand. No weird stains on carpet. We could see a view of the pool. If you're thinking of a pool party, this is not a good place to do it.Overall it was that crummy TV that really put a damper on our visit. First the controller stopped working, call to front desk #1. They got us a new controller. That helped for while. Then the buttons on the actual TV and controller again stopped working, to the point where we couldn't turn it on or off. Call to front desk #2. They came in the following day to try to fix it. When we got back from dinner and a couple of bars we tried at it again. TV and controller worked but then it started having issues with channel changes, both on the TV and by the controller. By check-out I just noted to them that the damn old thing should probably just be thrown away. They said they'd check it out and apologized sincerely.Now, I didn't come to Vegas to lounge and watch TV, but it would've been nice to have it on and catch up on some brain-numbing TV or news when getting ready to head out in the morning, etc. I also wanted to note that staff was nothing but courteous and responsive to the ability they were able. But as far as the prized amenities and comfort that a Starwood Hotel is supposed to provide, this falls really short.
3	This review is for the casino only.... I was staying at the Paris and my wife and I came here to gamble a tad before we ate at the Paris buffet. Before we left Texas I was reading on VegasChatter.com that did a story on this casino. They were saying how slow it is and how they think it is due to the people who work there. We didn't see any of that at all. Yes, the casino is really small, but Westin's are not known for casinos. As a matter of fact they were so slow that when we entered the casino area, a waitress asked us if we wanted anything to drink. That almost never happens. I played BJ and my wife played a few penny slots. We were there for about an hour or so, and we had a great time. Everyone was nice and the drink service was fast, I even had 2 drinks at one point. The dealers had on a smile as I was winning money and they had a smile on when they were taking my money back later that night. It was still fun. We may stay here on another trip, because we really like the Westin properties in Dallas and San Antonio. I would say if you just want to get away from all the people in the casinos on the strip, I would check out this place. It's an easy walk across from Bally's and you will never know who you will be playing BJ next too. Check it out if you can. MZ
1	Scam!!!!!Like the others have said, yet for some reason I ignored, this place is a scam.Here is the scam - Priceline catagorizes this hotel as 4 stars. For comparison, Luxor is 3 1/2. I placed a bid for a 4 star hotel for $90 a night on weekends. Thought how could I go wrong? Priceline gave us The Westin as our winning bid. We got there and although the hotel "rate" was $90, they added all these fees, such as $15 per night "recreation fee" and $1.50 "Visa Fee", etc.Good god!!!!! Apparently all a hotel has to do to scam priceline is to list a low rate and then they will be lower than other hotels. Then just add all these "fees" and that bumps up their revenue. Scam!!!!As for the hotel - it sucks. My sister did not have hot water and upon checkin we had a very rude guy. Plus about 3-4 normal city blocks away from strip (not one - don't be fooled) and you have to walk past garbage to get to the action.Horrible!Platnium Dunes right across streets, that place had only a partial staff when I was there but not all the hidden charges.Insulted my intelligence and I can't believe priceline allows this, it undermines all customer faith in their bidding system.
3	The Westin is a great place to stay off-strip when your budget is low and you have little to no patience for casino gamblers and families. It's only a $5 cab to the nearest club so why not pay $50 less for a room and stay here?The hotel is clean, chic, modern, and has a very hospitable staff. Also, the rooms are stocked with free coffee, tea, any type of toiletry you need, and some decent cable. I was more than overjoyed to watch a Keeping up with the Kardashians marathon before getting completely wasted at night.Also, self-parking is so easy and pets are allowed for a small fee. Thanks for the good times Westin, and for not charging us for smoking in the room.
4	The Westin Casuarina in Las Vegas was a great stay for our weekend in Vegas. Located a bit off the Strip near Bill's Gambling Saloon & across the street from Bally's, it provides the opportunity to escape the hustle & bustle of the strip to get some r & r for the gambling, eating, and drinking. When we arrived on Friday afternoon, I headed straight to the Starwood Preferred Guest desk and politely asked if we could be given a king bed instead of the double bed that I originally reserved. The sweet lady behind the counter not only gave us a king bed, but she upgraded our reservation to one on a higher floor. Holla! That was definitely not expected, but we were pleased with our room.Room service is great here - very tasty good. We ordered room service twice one night and was impressed by the good food and service. The pool & spa offer a relaxing time. I definitely recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to visit Vegas. It'll save you a few dollars and if you're a Starwood Preferred Guest, you can use points to a free room here (which we did). Thanks for a wonderful stay Westin Casuarina - we hope to be back soon!Cheers!
2	The Westin Casuarina is just another Westin, not a Vegas Hotel. You get a standard Westin room with standard Westin amenities. There is nothing to remind you of the great Vegas hotels in this establishment. Nothing super negative but just that I was disappointed to be in another Westin. The swimming pool was tiny and the area around the pool was not that great. The pictures on the website must have been taken with a very special camera :)The rate was OK.
4	I booked one night through Priceline for the Westin. This hotel is one block from the Vegas strip and is much quieter. I tried checking in nealry 3 hours early and the concierge said he'd look to see what was available. He asked me if i wanted to join the Westin Rewards Program (free to sign up) and i said sure. Because i did that he was able to get me an upgraded room right then (meanwhile someone else trying to check in next to me was told to come back at 4:00). Also...yes, there is an additional "hotel tax fee". The concierge told me about it before i officially checked in. He told me because i booked through Priceline that the hotel DOES charge this additional fee to all guests and i would see it as a charge on my end of the stay bill. It was *only* $10 and that gets you use of the spa, pool, gym, and a free newspaper. The room was extremely clean and neat and the bed oh-so-comfy! There is complimentaty water bottles and coffee in the bathroom. I ordered in-room dining for dinner and breakfast and the meals were fantastic and largely proportioned. The prices were what you'd expect for in-room dining but they do charge a delivery fee, taxes, AND a gratuity onto your bill. The only complaint i had about the room was that my room was adjoined by a neighboring one by a door inside the room which allowed noise to filter in heavier. The people next to me were having a party and i could hear everything. But they were quiet during the appropriate times.I booked a spa appointment for a shiatsu massage and it was a f.a.n.t.a.s.t.i.c. experience! (See my seperate review for the Hibiscus Spa). And because i joined the Westin Rewards Program i got double points for the money i spent at the spa. (Any service you get while at the hotel, including in-room dining, gets you points).I also used the "business center" to check into my departing  flight. It's a minimum $5.00 fee to use the computer and this allows you something like 7 minutes. Because i used only half of that i was able to print off pages and deduct that fee from the $5.00 i paid.I checked out about 15 minutes prior to official check out time and only waited for 5 minutes in line. It was fast and efficient.The BEST part of the hotel is that it's entirely smoke free! If you're looking for something affordable, comfortable, and right around the corner from the strip i'd give the Westin a whirl!
4	My friends and I loved every bit of our stay at the Westin!  It was just what we were looking for - slightly off the strip, quiet, clean, and smoke-free.  In other words, it isn't your typical loud, crazy, happenin' Vegas hotel with a loud lobby and a gazillion guests.  So if that's what you're looking for, it's probably best to go elsewhere.We booked the Westin for $105/night through Priceline during July 4th Weekend - this was such a steal compared to the other hotels on the strip.  So why did we love the Westin?1.  No problems with Early Check-in.  They were quick and accommodating.  We got there 2 hours before check-in time and our rooms were already good to go.  2.  Smoke-free lobby and casino area.  There is a large, but relatively empty casino area... but since all of us are non-smokers we really appreciated the fresh, clean air.3.  Starbucks in the lobby.  Gotta get a cup of our daily joe before we head out for endless fun!4.  The Beds.  I slept like a baby on the plush, luxurious, pillow-soft beds.  No complaints.  At all.5.  The Shower.  The water pressure was AMAZING!!!  It has TWO showerheads so the water is blasting and heats up easily.  The only negative I can think of is that we wanted to lay out by the pool, but realized that the Westin pool is pretty small.  It's not like anything you'd find at Mandalay Bay or Bellagio.  However, after some quick research I discovered that the gazillion pools at Caesar's Palace are open to the general public FREE of charge.  Good thing Caesar's is so close to the Westin.The Westin is only a 10 minute walk to the strip, which isn't bad at all.  You can see Caesar's Palace from the hotel room, and the Westin is located on the cross street between Flamingo, Caesar's, and Paris Hotel... so it's actually a pretty prime location!  I'd be more than happy to stay here again.
4	I'm not high maintenance, so I can pretty much stay anywhere. This place is nice if you want to be in Vegas but away from the rowdiness of what Vegas is. It's 0.6 miles from Caesars, so it's close enough to where we were most of the time in Vegas anyways. This place may not have a spectacular pool, but you can just go to Flamingo or Caesars pool for free. The thing that's nice about this place is there's a Starbucks, and the casino isn't busy or smoke-filled at all! This place is actually quite quiet! I wish it had more table games (pai gow) and the tv wasn't still a tube tv, but who watches tv in Vegas anyways.
4	Beautiful room, extremely comfortable bed, and significantly less expensive than adjacent hotels on the strip for a Saturday night stay in the middle of the summer. The staff was courteous and helpful, and our room was upgraded for free. Although not directly at the center of the strip, it's a half block from the nearest entrance to Bally's. The Starbucks in the lobby is another plus.
4	Got a fantastic deal on this hotel via Priceline. ($80 a night!) We were really happy with our stay there.The hotel is close enough to the strip where you can  take in all the glory of Vegas but far enough away where your not dealing with all the drunk rowdy crowds and idiots that you get when you stay at one of the major hotels on Las Vegas Vegas Blvd.The hotel  is non smoking which we really enjoyed and very low key and quiet.  The room that we had  was chic and comfortable and the bed was just really fantastic to sleep in.From 6:30pm to 8:30pm , they even  have a pretty decent free happy hour where you can get free drinks and hor dorves as well!
3	I just stayed here last weekend, first time in vegas... Like other yelpers have said, if your not in Vegas to party and be impressed then this is the place for you. That being said I was expecting grandeur and something out of this world but it didn't happen.  I think the hotel needs to be spiced up.  Good things were the bed, the double shower head, the robe, and the view.Conclusion: stay here if you want peace and quiet and something low key.   Next time I will be doing careful planning, as this was an omg I need to go to Vegas book anything trip!  Till my next review...
3	I agree with several other Yelpers that I've definitely experienced better Westin properties. Yes, the hotel is "smaller".... when you compare with all the other mammoth Vegas properties. Yes, the rooms are smaller.... but we're really not spending much time in our rooms anyways in Vegas. Yes, the pool area is significantly smaller than most Vegas properties. Yes, the bathroom does seem smaller than "typical" Westin's ... but it still I'd say a "typical" hotel-sized bathroom. Except it has the Westin signature "Dual Showerheads". The pro's in staying here:1) You get SPG points if you're a Starwood junkie2) The parking lot is small and manageable unlike so many other hotel property parking lots in Vegas3) It's a quick entrance from the parking area to your hotel room; unlike so many other Vegas hotels where you literally have to walk FOREVER to get to your room4) Their casino card gets you comps good for anything/services in the Spa, their hotel restaurant Suede, on-site Starbucks, or towards your hotel bill5) Comfortable heavenly bed6) ummm... did i say you get SPG points? :)7) Unwind/Rewind social hour/s with complimentary alcohol and few snacks8) You can bring your dogs hereThis place for me is just okay now. I don't seem to win in the casino like I used to, and as an SPG Plat I rarely get upgraded to a Suite. So... I probably will start staying at more luxurious properties (and non-SPG) when we travel to Vegas.
2	Can't believe The Westin has lowered it's standards at this location.I second Wanugee N.'s review.  They totally disappointed at this location. I will never be back.  Decor was poor. TV was old school. Service was non-existent.  Thank goodness they had a bed to sleep on, that's what got them 2 stars.
2	Hmmm...Is the Westin becoming the Holiday Inn? I was hoping for a more luxurious stay but found that this particular Westin is showing it's age and is not particularly well maintained.  The small casino area was surprisingly tacky and not consistent with the overall Westin brand. Actually, I would think people who stay here aren't even interested in gambling so I'd remove it all together. While it is only a block and a half away from the strip it really is quite a long way considering the length of Vegas blocks and the searing heat. No free wireless either...I knew I should have spent the extra 30 bucks per night and stayed at Aria. Oh well!
4	Okay, okay....I'm not a Westin expert, but this place really made me a fan.  Here's why:- Cheaper rooms than on the strip- A short stumble from Bally's and Bill's- A liquor store right next door!  Large Stella's at less than $3The minuses?  Their "resort fee".  I never even use the pool, and resented the fact that they presented me a supplementary bill for $30.  Make perks inclusive, Westin - otherwise it is false advertising.
4	I'm a big fan of this hotel.  The hotel is nicely located right off the strip so everything is easy to access.  The hotel is easy to get to even though there is a casino in the hotel (this can be a problem in some hotels in Vegas).  The service is solid.  I got sick on my last visit and the desk help was nothing but wonderful in getting me things I needed.  It was a great help!  The rooms are nice and quiet and clean.  A solid Westin experience for sure!
3	Yelpers are right this is probably the Westin lowered its standards with this location. This hotel is the pit stop for flight attendants and everyone else in the flying business... Saw more then plenty of them coming on and out. The hotel is not bad but not great. It's across from Ballys off on a corner surrounded by scary ghettoness. My boyfriend almost got mugged the first night when he went to a liquor store right next to the place. So we avoided that area. Tried calling for a taxi so we wouldn't have to wait and was told there were some available, when we get down in search for a taxi nothing apparently they think a limo is a taxi & we wouldn't refuse it. They were wrong. So we had to wait like 20minutes for a taxi that fit 5 w/o splitting us. For most of our stay we just walked across the street to Ballys to catch a cab since they had more then plenty or to catch a FREE shuttle to the Rio and back! The beds at the Westin were comfy according to my bf more than the Trump (which I thought was comfy) I couldn't tell the difference but both are comfy. This hotel still has TVs from like the early 90's those big bulky box looking ones, but they have up the anty by having basic cable. The rooms are small and so are the bathrooms. It had a dual shower head which did not impress me much. They did have slots and tables for gambling but I did not play. I did check out their pool and it was pretty small and low key, but it was cute. This place as all other fellow yelpers have said is not for the party seeker it's more low key. I would say enjoy it's amenities like the pool, gym, the coffee in the room, etc b/c as the new trend of hotels they charge you a service fee for each night you stay. Starbucks inside is nice for the coffee drinkers....  Would I stay here again? Would not be my hotel of choice but it's still far better than those other places... Such as the Palace Station. Would I consider it a four star that priceline gave it, umm no maybe a 3 but it can't be compared to an upscale hotel.
2	We made a special trip to this Casino in order to take advantage of the $25.00 match play coupon found in the American Casino Guide book.  You first must obtain a card from their Player's Club, then take the coupon to the dealer.  We went on Sunday afternoon.  There was only one blackjack table open, and a second was in the process of opening.  Would have preferred to use the bet on roulette, but the table was closed.  So we waited for the second blackjack dealer to open, and then we approached the table.As soon as the dealer saw coupons in our hands, he said very loudly to the supervisor "COUPONS!" in an aggravated tone.  So the supervisor lady comes over.  We have to show our new player's cards, the AGC member's cards from the book, and I think we even had to show ID.  Fine, no big deal.   The supervisor just kind of snarled at us and made us feel very small for having the audacity to bother them with those dreaded COUPONS. It was very obvious that they DO NOT like having to mess with handling those coupons.  Oh well, too damn bad for them.At least we both won our match bets and left the casino with at least a little bit of their money.  I can see why the place was dead with staff like that.
3	We booked this hotel via Priceline's 'Name Your Own Price' deal so we didn't exactly select this hotel.  If you've never utilized this feature, you don't know which hotel you're booking until your price is accepted.  The nice thing is that you can set guidelines.  We specifically noted a 4-STAR hotel and w/in this vicinity of the strip.  I would not rate this hotel 4 stars, maybe 3.5 but definitely not 4.4 NIGHTS = $99 per night (during a busy convention week - Wed to Sun)Daily Resort Fee = $9.50The best perk of this hotel is their daily Happy Hour / Mixer event.  It is FREE and all guests are welcome to attend.  What's included: Appetizers, Beer, Wine, Water, and Soda.  The cheese platter & fruits were my favorites.  The second best perk is the Starbucks located inside the hotel.The room was spacious, clean, and surprisingly looked much nicer than more expensive hotels on the strip. (ie. Paris, Luxor, Monte Carlo, etc.)The location is convenient for those who want to stay very close to the strip but away from the hustle & bustle. However, the cabs were lacking.  You have a better shot flagging a cab at Bally's. (across the street)I wouldn't mind staying here again but it isn't at the top of my list.  Ideal hotel for business trips, not for leisure.
3	The hotel is simple. Reasonable clean. But was not outstanding. For the price I would recommend it. But if your going to Vegas, you'd want something more.It was a 5 min walk to the stripe. Decent location. If your on a budget, I would recommend it, otherwise, go somewhere else.
3	I booked this hotel through priceline's name-your-price service, having requested a 4-star hotel near the strip. I would definitely not rate this hotel as 4-star, but it's still a more-than-decent hotel for the price. It's only two blocks from the Strip, and Bally's is literally right across the street, where you can find some decent informal restaurants, or you can walk through to Paris for some nicer dining choices. If you're heading for the Strip, you do have to walk by a vacant lot populated by several homeless people, and it looks a little shady at night.The room itself was clean, but dated. Most Westins I've been in have switched over to flat screen TVs in their rooms, but ours still had a big ol' tube TV sitting on the dresser. It was surprising how outdated that one detail made the room feel. I'm happy to report that the Westin Heavenly Bed, Heavenly Towels, and dual shower heads were all present, so my sleeping and showering experiences were more than adequate, and that's really what you're looking for in an inexpensive room off-strip, right? If you're in Vegas you should really just be using the room for showering, sleeping, and sleep-related activities.The casino area of the hotel is relatively small, and during the Saturday afternoon while we were waiting for our room to be ready, only the slots and two blackjack tables were in operation. But if you're looking to kill some time with some $5 blackjack, I suppose that's okay. All the table games were in full swing by the evening.There's a sign in front of this hotel that says something like "Western Action 24-7," which I guess is the theme they're going for, but it's sort of a half-assed theme in that their staff was dressed in cowboy attire, but that's about as far as the Western Action went. Nothing else about the hotel was particularly "Western," not that I'm complaining, but if you're going to create a sign about your Western activities, it should be more than making your people dress up like cowboys.Check-in time is listed as 4pm, but we were not able to get into our room until 4:30. This after first attempting to check in around noon, and then being told to come back in an hour, every hour, until we finally got our keys, which was kind of annoying.I do have to complain about the bill I received for the "resort fee" especially since the pool was drained and unavailable the entire time were were there, but overall this was a comfortable hotel near the strip. A little less nice than other Westins I've stayed in, but still a decent place to act as your base of operations while in Vegas.
4	BACKGROUND:I won this off Priceline by accident for $150 total. I was in Vegas for a quick trip to see a concert on a Friday night and leaving Saturday morning. That Thursday I decided to map this place on Google and when I typed in the name it automatically brought up reviews and the overall ranking was two stars and most reviews opened with ,"I unfortunately won this off Priceline..." and then continued to rip this place apart. I tried getting credit for this and booking another hotel, but Priceline wouldn't budge despite the horrible reviews.THE REAL DEAL:IT's right off the strip on Flamingo walking distance from Paris and Planet Hollywood and it has a Starbucks in it. When I pulled up to valet, the attendant told me to pull forward toward the guy with the handkerchief. There was an Asian man wearing jeans, a plaid shirt tucked in, and a white handkerchief  around his face like he was going to rob a bank in the Wild, Wild west. When I got in the staff at the front desk were all dressed like cowboys and cowgirls. I asked why and they said the Rodeo was in town for two days. I thought that was cool that the whole hotel participated in this and made the guests from the Rodeo feel welcome. I went to my room and surprisingly liked it. The decor was modern and decent for the price I paid and the bed was big and spacious, although it did look like they didn't change the sheets. The carpet was dirty and I could tell that they're not really doing upkeep on minor things like shampooing the carpet and painting things here and there, but if they did a good clean up then this place would be 4 stars. My only complaint is that the location (even though it's literally RIGHT OFF THE STRIP) is dangerous. I did encounter a  homeless lady that was harassing me and followed me for a whole block while I walked to Sephora. I wasn't phased by her since I've dealt with bums from L.A, but she was a bit scary and annoying. I'd stay here for a quick turn-around trip, and I can tell you it is better than the Tropicana. If you're looking for luxury, and you're staying for a few days don't stay here unless you're trying to save money, you don't care about the hotel room since you'll be partying anyway. Ah! I forgot to mention they have free wine and beer from 6 - 8 p.m on the second floor, so maybe it's worth your while to stay here.
4	I've stayed at many of the more well-known hotels on the Strip when in Vegas, with their over-the-top themes and bumping club scenes. But I have to admit, the Westin was actually one of the nicest experiences I had for what I was looking for! My girlfriends and I were able to get a good deal on a room here when we decided to take a last minute trip for Halloween weekend, and at first we were concerned that it was too out of the way. But actually it's JUST around the corner from the action, which was convenient and actually really nice to be a bit removed from the craziness when we wanted to be. The rooms were perfectly clean and similar to other Westins I've seen, with a spacious bathroom and those wonderful Heavenly beds. We took advantage of the spa, where you can use the sauna and steam room for free as a guest, and ate at the Suede restaurant downstairs, which I was really impressed by (review to come later). We also of course had to use the late night room service after a full night of partying, and it came super quickly and with a smile. So while the Westin may not be the first hotel that comes to mind when you think of Vegas, I was very pleasantly surprised and it helped my friends and me have a wonderful spontaneous trip!
2	This Westin was OK. Nothing special at all. I will probably not stay there again unless I have to. I had broken glass on my towels in the bathroom and it took forever to get hot water in the shower. The room was pretty clean and the beds are really comfortable. They have a resort fee and I am not sure why when I would hardly call this a resort. I got room service and they charge for two room service fees, but the food from their restaurant was pretty darn tasty. Staff was nice but I was not impressed.
4	Loved it.  It's possible that I am slightly obligated to give the Westin brand a swell review and that is exactly what I am going to do.  I was a bit stormy when I realized that I wouldn't be spending my "Vegas weekend" on the actual Las Vegas Blvd. strip.  Upon arrival I knew that it wouldn't matter.  Everyone in this hotel was amazing from the front desk associate who checked me in, to the concierge who sold me tickets, to the blackjack dealers who took my money, to the great Starbucks staff serving up Chai Tea Lattes 24/7.  This smaller hotel is located right behind the Flamingo (so you are basically on the strip) and has so much more of a sense of service than any other large hotel I could have stayed at.  It was nice to come back to a hotel that doesn't have a billion lights flashing and doesn't take an hour just to find my room.  Stay here.  It's an $8 cab ride if you really need to go anywhere far, otherwise, everything is as walk-able as if you were on the main strip.  It has a bar, casino, food, and of course the Westin Heavenly Bed and all signature series products.  What more do you need?
4	I can see were allot of the complaints are comming from. I have to keep reminding myself that I only live 4 1/2 hours away from Vegas and if someone had to make a major adventure to get to Nevada, there is a possibility of dissapointment with this hotel. So this is from the view of an Angelino who does about 3 trips a year. This place serves great as a fortress of solitude within the strip. No super flashy lights, no bumping music, minimal slot machine sounds and a super comfy bed. Parking and checking in is a breeze because it's so small and the room is a decent size. Iv'e stayed in many casinos and places like New York New York and Paris felt like shoeboxes for more money so no complaints here. If you plan for your action in Vegas to be both out and inside your hotel then yeah maybe paying abit more for a proper casino would be the best option. But if your like me were I don't see my room till 6am and only can think of my bed, silence and thoughts of how bad my hangover is going to be then the Westin is a solid recovery chamber. Resort fee is a pretty big minus but I must remind that allot of hotel like those of Luxor are now charging as well.
1	So I was in Vegas over the weekend and I have finally recovered! What a fun weekend! Of course with all Vegas weekends there is always some type of drama and unfortunately it was hotel drama. There was 3 of us checking in and our check in went smoothly, the room was nice but upon checking in we got in our room to find our toilet was not working. We called down to have it looked at, they sent engineering up to our room and the toilet was fixed. Fast forward a few hours and I got up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom and it was broken AGAIN...I really had to go and went down stairs to the lobby to use the restroom. I went back up after I was done, my key had been demagnetized so I had to go to the front desk to get a new key and I mentioned to the front desk person what was happening with the toilet and he was very receptive to my issue. He said we could move rooms in the morning (it was 4am) AWESOME. I went back up to the room and went back to bed. In the morning I mentioned to the girls what happened and called down to move rooms. You would think I dreamt the whole conversation with the front desk guy no one had record of the conversation, the issue or even the engineer visit upon our arrival!!. We had such an issue trying to get a new room, they finally did it but after we went downstairs to speak with guest services and a conversation with the manager. He was a smug individual and I am so surprised that this man is even in the hospitality field. He was condescending and rude and made us feel like whiny bitches.We changed rooms, bathroom worked YES!!! AC did not work well but at this point a working toilet was all I needed and as long as the room was at a comfortable temp I guess it would be fine.The one star is for the shower heads, AWESOME shower heads, water pressure and loved it so much I was taking 2 showers a day.The location is a block off the strip BUT there are a lot of questionable characters in this area, homeless people. They have a little drinking area right next to the hotel in an open lot. We were fine walking in the daytime to the strip but at night a cab was necessary. Looked a little shady. I missed the excitement of a cool Vegas hotel, I will definitely be hitting up a hotel on the strip and never stay at this hotel again.
4	Talk about getting a bad rap simply because you're not on the strip. Reading many of the reviews I thought this place was going to be a dump, it's the opposite. Our room was very nice, contemporary, and clean. The staff is friendly, bed is comfy and I really love this hotel. You need to rent a car to go out at night, it's a little far and suspect in terms of late night activity, but we got a car for $60 from fox rent a car. I won this hotel on priceline and was concerned given the many poor reviews, it's absolutely not on the strip, but for a weekend get away with my wife it's perfect. For folks who want to be in the middle of the action at all times I understand the negative feedback, but for us that are ok being near enough the action to visit but in a quiet comfortable setting majority of the time, this hotel is great.
1	I'm guessing, like many others if your reading this review you picked this hotel off an auction site like Priceline. Its not a far walk to the strip. In fact, jumping into Bally's at the sports book entrance makes it not even seem like a 3-5 min walk at all. The room is a good size. All the staff was friendly, including the dealers.Here's the bad. Pubic hairs in the comforter cover. I guess this is something they do not change everytime they clean your room... so we had very gross pubic hair stuck between the weaves of the comforter cover.Also, they had very thin walls. You could hear the voices from your neighbors, the upstairs and the downstairs.Finally, your options for gambling are quite limited. In the morning I only saw some black jack tables open. I don;t expect much from the Casino in here, but  I would like to have had the option of more than just black jack when all you have is BJ, Roulette and 3-card poker. All tables were open by the early evening though. The room is just not acceptable..
3	What was once known as the Maxim, the Westin Casuarina is a decent mid-level hotel option.  Sheraton pumped some money to remodel the rooms and property a few years back which it badly needed.The hotel feels more like a business hotel than a Vegas casino hotel.  There's a small casino on property and a few restaurants.  The restaurants are not much to write home about.When a friend of mine stayed in the hotel a couple of weeks ago I stopped by to check out the room.....it's not bad, a solid 3 Stars.  He liked it because it was off-Strip and the price was right....$69 a night.  Of course rates vary, but it was good for that time.Overall, not a bad off-Strip option.Return Factor - 60%
3	I saw some pretty awful reviews for this hotel and had some friends make some pretty harsh comments. I travel a lot for work and this place really wasn't that bad. The room I had was comfortable, clean, well appointed, and large. This hotel is pricey if you are wanting something on the strip, because it is not on the strip. I was using it for work purposes, so it fit my needs completely.The room service is SUPER expensive. I would not recommend this option if you have the ability to go eat at a restaurant. Their food is good, but not for the price. Their breakfast, however, is reasonable as room service and the fruit was very fresh.Service was friendly and prompt.I would recommend this hotel to business travelers and/or people who don't want to be on the strip.
4	I recently stayed at the Westin Casuarina for NCAA March Madness, and i have to say it didnt dissapoint.  Its a block off the strip behind the Flamingo and next to Ballys, so centrally located to alot of the other larger hotels and Casinos.  I prefer this hotel over the major hotels and casinos during march madness due the fact i didnt have to get to the bar super early to get a seat, or wait in an enormous line in order to place a bet at the sports book (Leroys Sports Book).  In fact other people in the bar were from other hotels watching the games and betting for this very same reason.  Staff is friendly and rooms are clean and comfortable. Casino and sports book are small, but they have eveything you would need.I would stay here again and again year after year.
4	Decent rooms, very clean, great quality for the money.The only downside is its location.  It's not heel-friendly so you'll definitely have to get a taxi if you are wearing heels.The foodcourt downstairs is okay.  The restaurant serves decent food but I prefer to eat elsewhere.
1	So frustrated with Check-in...first my Starwood number was not in system which means my room was not high on there priority list this morning at 9:30am...so I was told I have to wait till 4pm...thanks!  I typically stay in Vegas Hotels anywhere on the Strip and I've been given a room at any time of the day.  Total Fail Westin!!!I asked If there was a possibility of getting in earlier and I was told yes to come back at 4pm.  That doesn't seem any earlier then the first time I was quoted.  Good Customer Service...oh yeah this is after I gave her my Starwood Number. Checked my bag with Bellman and figured I would go to pool.  Door was locked and I needed a key. I went back to front desk and spoke with Sweden (yes that is her name) again and she told me I couldn't access the pool because I would need a key (yeah I figured that out 10 minutes ago). Her solution was to write me a spa pass to take a shower.  I asked her if that spa pass would get me into the pool and she said no. Really?  I'm trying to check in and have 7 hours to kill...can i please get a pool pass? Nope!!!! Failing again!!!Sweden went by the book. Several others in our party made comments to me about her.  It was a little humorous. So I did what I should have just done in the first place...stalk a nice family going to the pool and just walk in with them. It was so cute the little girl even held the door for me.  I said, "Thank you!" and I was flashed a big smile.  So I'm at the pool enjoying a little 50 degree weather with some sun. Only 5 more hours to go.  On side note: There is a couple in the hot tub who might be getting it on...cross that hot tub of my list this week.  I can tell already It is going to be a long trip and I'm not even checked in yet!!At 4pm my room was still not ready. I finally talked to guy at the VIP desk. He told me that it was ridiculous that my room wasn't ready and that I had been waiting all of this time. He worked the computer and was able to find me another room.  Finally someone at the Westin cared. There were other problems too. My dry cleaning was never delivered to my room even though I paid $2 for delivery. I had to search for it at 7pm and it was no where to be found. I figured the bellboy would find it but when I returned to my room later it was still not there. I called down and was a little upset.  My dry-cleaning arrived at 1:45am...thanks...I don't need sleep. One day the maid threw away my newspapers (neatly stacked on my desk) and moved all of my toiletries.  That is so gross and uncalled for.  She put my razor and toothpaste in with my toothbrush. Please don't touch my bathroom stuff.  Every few years i run into a maid who does this and I just hate it. Upon check-out the two door guys were total jerks.  I needed a taxi to the airport and they told me that there were no taxis available. They did have a 30 dollar town car I could take to the airport. Wow!!! Not my first trip to Vegas. I told the guy if he wasn't going to help me I was just going to take the Monorail to the MGM and get a taxi there. All of sudden they changed there tune and I had a cab in 10 seconds.  Then the second guy started making small talk with me because he knew there limo scam did not work. It just made me more upset!This hotel did have some good moments but it is sad how a few bad moments can ruin everything. The Heavenly Bed is amazing and the Workout room was great!!!Daniel at the Happy Hour is one of the hardest working guys ever. Westin should be proud to have an incredible employee like him (he deserves 5 stars)!I started off on the wrong foot here and also ended on a sour note too.  First time I've ever been let down by a Westin.
5	Impressed!  Very much so.  I stayed here the weekend of April 15 and I cant complain.  When I checked in everything was pretty quick and pleasant.  The look of the hotel lobby and the casino was grand.  It was very elegant.  As I walked into my room they had upgraded me to more spacious room due to the hotel almost running out of rooms.  It seems that weekend was a very busy weekend for sin city, I didn't complain.  Why not take it??   The room was elegant, from the decor to the comfort of the bed.  My room was spacious and everything looked up to date.  One thing I didn't get to do was check out the pool.  A must for a future stay.
2	I have stayed at this Westin twice.  Was happier the first time, six years ago.  It is only about 3 blocks off the strip, near Bally's.  I think it's an easy walk to the major hotels.  The room and housekeeping service was fine.  They charge over $10/day extra for their happy hour, the water bottles in the bathroom, and parking, whether you use those things or not.  When I extended my stay by a day, the front desk neglected to tell some other department, and a hotel employee woke me up trying to chase me out of my room, six hours after I'd paid the front desk for another night.  I don't think I'll be back.
4	The Westin was my first choice hotel for my annual Vegas trip after staying there last year. I found a deal through Southwest for R/T airfare and two nights (Th & F) at the hotel for $300. Pretty awesome!I checked in 2 hours early with no problem. Last year they offered me a free SPG members card and i brought it with me this trip (gives you some priority when trying to check in early as well as accumulates points for spa and room service usage). The hotel still imposes at $10 hotel tax fee, but again, you're also able to use the pool, gym and spa for free.The best part about staying here HAS to be it's smoke-free policy. After walking through casinos and foot traffic that constantly has cigarette smoke wafting in my face it's a treat to stay in a place free of it. I've stayed in smoke-free rooms at hotels on the strip but smoke from the smoking rooms and casinos inside is still heavy in the halls.Room service is still a necessary indulgence i partake in and it's not cheap anywhere you go. The Westin charges several fees for room service and i paid $23 total (tip excluded) for a $15 breakfast. There's so few things in life as blissful as breakfast delivered to me in bed so even though the tab always makes me gasp a little, i never complain. I anticipate it so it's not a surprise.The hotel now offers an airport check in computer. Free use to check into flights and print boarding passes only is definitely a nicety. They also had a free happy hour mixer thing at the bar around 6 pm. Free beer and wine and munchies!The only complaint was some noticeable noise in adjoining rooms. I don't think that will ever resolve in ANY hotel, especially in Vegas were people will be up and around every hour of the day.The Westin is one of the cleaner hotels near the strip. The beds are heavenly. I've never had a problem with kids running in the halls or creepy people lurking in the casino. The walk to the strip is just a block (it's on the backside of the Flamingo). I've seen complaints about the walk to the strip being dicey but there's a ton of foot and vehicular traffic along the way and i felt safe.I think a lot of people want the hype of staying in a classic Vegas hotel for the novelty. After several years of dealing with cigarette smoke, unruly kids, questionable bedding, dirty carpets, and constant loud noise the Westin is the perfect place for a relaxing and afforable place to stay.
4	They were also just doling out free waters in the registration line because there were 3 people ahead of me. How nice! It's a typical Westin in most respects (basic room, basic Heavenly bed....).... except that they give you TWO welcome gifts for platinum status! Also, one of the gifts you can choose from is a $10 starbucks credit. WOW, credit that can be used to buy something actually legitimate.Now keep in mind this hotel is off the strip (not by much), but parking is nice because you don't have to walk a mile to get your car. Foursquare kids: don't forget to check in because you get extra starpoints when you check-in with a valid reservation!
3	Just checked in last night for a two night stay.  It's a pretty good hotel in most respects but pretty frustrating in a couple others.The Good:1) Great staff - I was checking in just after 50 flight attendandts showed up so there was a huge line.  A hospitality guy came back and got me and brought me over to an open desk.  Very nice!  There is always someone around to help.2) Location - Just off the strip near the Flamingo and the Forum shops that span Caesars Palace and Bellagio.  For me this is the heart of where most of my favorite restaurants are and it's central to everything.2a) Location bonus - It's "off-strip" location means the small casino in the lobby is never crowded and you can actually play on some pretty low-limit tables.  Plus, as others mentioned, parking is free and right next to the hotel.3) The shower is a two-headed beast.  Incredible water pressure.3) The bed - I'm not as addicted to the "Heavenly Bed" as some, but it is really nice.4) In room free Starbucks coffee.  I never drink hotel coffee except in Starwood properties.  Great bonus.The Bad:1) To my dismay, when I walked into the room I realized there were NO electrical outlets visible in the room at all.  They are all either under the desk or night stands.  There is one in the bathroom - two if you unplug the coffee maker.  For me this is completely unacceptable.  Almost everybody travels with a cell phone and a laptop these days, and I travel with phones, tablets, computers, hotspots....  Not even an outlet on the ancient desk lamp!  I HATE crawling on the floor to plug stuff in.  They really need to update this soon.  Plus this means you have to iron your clothes in the tiny front door area next to the only outlet in the bathroom.  Boooooooo.2) Not exactly Westin quality.  It's a fine hotel but seems more like a budget category room.  Big ugly Tube TV with no HD.  Dingy green/gray colors throughout.  I don't get the feeling I could spend very much time here.  The Heavenly bed saves the day though so the lack of other upgrades can be shrugged off, I suppose.Overall:  If you're a Starwood points hound (I am) then this is your spot in Vegas.  It's worth it to stay here for the program rewards, but it just feels that they aren't trying very hard to win your loyalty.  Maybe that's because the only other Starwood property here is 15 minutes from the strip.  Not really an option for me.Even if you arent' staying for the points, it's still a pretty good option because of it's prime off'-strip location.  It's nice to come back to a mellow vibe casino at the end of the night.
4	Casino not crowded which is good,  rooms small but nice and clean
4	I've stayed at this hotel twice over a 6 year span and I was happy with it both times. The first time I was a guest was during a business trip for which the quieter/small casino aspect was conducive. Walking out of your hotel room at 6am in a suit never feels nice when your hotel is full of people not yet finished gambling for the night! This hotel is the perfect solution to that problem.On the second, most recent trip, I stayed here for pleasure and it was still a nice visit. While I would've liked to have been closer to the strip and all the nightlife, it was really only about a block from the Strip. The room and hotel atmosphere is just as you would expect from any Westin: top notch and familiar. The pool is nice and relatively quiet and on a nice day, you can actually get a chair easily. There is pool-side food and beverage service, but the servers leave a lot to be desired. At least the food and beverages taste good, though!I would definitely stay here again when on a business trip, but I would probably opt to stay at a Strip hotel for pleasure.
5	Updating my last review to 5 stars from 3 because I'm staying there again tonight and just found a pop-up power strip coming out of the desk (lack of power outlets is a big no-no for me).  Smacked myself on the head for being an idiot and upgraded this hotel to Woohoo! status.  Plus, the front desk attendant gave me access to the club lounge even though I'm still a couple of stays away from completing my Platinum status match (just switched from Marriott).Again, I love the location and the A++++ staff.  I definitely wish they would upgrade the TVs and decor but, we're in Vegas.  GET OUT OF YOUR ROOM YOU DORK!
3	If you compare this hotel on the standard of Vegas hotels, you're wrong. In any other city, this is a pretty nice hotel because it is a Westin. In Vegas, the Westin standard is substandard. But this is still a nice hotel. It is very important to remember that this hasn't always been a Westin. Westin did not build this hotel, this building used to house the Maxim hotel back in the day.I stayed 4 nights in a deluxe king room on the 15th floor. I chose to stay here because I was in town on business and have Platinum Preferred status with Starwood. It was decent. Smaller than other Westin rooms I have stayed in, but with all of the Westin elements I have come to enjoy, like the Heavenly Bed. Everything was pretty standard Westin, including a room service menu identical to every other Westin I have stayed at recently. The consistency between properties is probably something that should be admired, actually. They have a parking lot right in front of the hotel, which was a very convenient. My gripe is the casino. I got back to the hotel at 11pm one night and was looking to play some craps. Well guess that, the craps table was already shut down for the night. Are you kidding? It's before midnight in Las Vegas and you're shutting down before the rest of the town is getting started? The casino was depressingly small and empty most of the time, so I understand if they do this based on demand. But, be warned if you're staying here and planning to gamble here on something other than a slot machine, you will be disappointed. The staff members I interacted with were all very courteous, the craps dealers were fun and friendly as was one blackjack dealer I interacted with, a man curiously named "Heather."  Overall it was a good experience. Stay here for the points, the bed, or the brand, but definitely not for the casino.
4	Great service at the front desk.  All you can drink bottled waters.  Free beer and wine during "Social hour".   There are little choices for places to eat in the hotel.  The pool is very small.
1	was beyond disappointed. Friendly check in but the room was a small box of a room, the view was nonexistant, the shower had no water pressure, couldnt get decent reception much less my wifi on my cell, and to top it off when i asked for a receipt i was not given one. "we dont offer a receipt if nothing has been billed" but yet charged me 50 as a resort deposit.  What resort??? All they have is a lonely starbucks and a lackluster pool. Id rather stay in the bates motel then stay here ever again!
3	3.5 stars.  Not a bad place to stay if you get a deal ($80/night on priceline).  FREE parking,  WIFI is not free ($12/24h).  Bed is really comfy and heavenly shower was great.  However, the facility does look dated and the pool is really small.   If you just need a place to sleep while to spend all your time on the strip, it's not a bad place to stay.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE.the maids dont respect the do not disturb sign, the front desk staff are the nicest people out there, however once you get past them its utterly abyssmal. the casino is crazy small and you have to walk down a very very skethcy stretch of an off vegas road to get here. Room service is more expensive then it should be, even for room servicepool is the size of a medium bathtubYOU CAN DO BETTER ANYWHERE ELSE.as you can see in some of the pictures they dont clean at this place well either.
3	Not a bad option if you want to get away from the massive casino hotels of Vegas, but still be close to the action. I prefer this, so I am biased in that respect.Rooms are small, but well appointed and SPG hotels (W, Westin, Sheraton, etc.) have some of the best beds out there. Comfortable selection of pillows, thin down duvets, etc.The hotel itself is pretty unremarkable, but the staff is friendly and there is plenty of free parking - even for over sized vehicles.Pool is decent, but small. Not a 'scene' at all.You can walk to the strip from here, which is cool.If you are a big gambler stay elsewhere, there is gambling here, but it is very low key.Starbucks and a good but expensive restaurant in the lobby.
2	The Westin Casuarina and I started off on the wrong foot. Nobody was checked-in on time (4pm), yet we checked in at 11am and there was still no room available at the official check-in time at 4pm...many other people were waiting in the lobby as well. Yes, they were very busy; in my opinion that is just bad business for a hotel. The service was however outstanding and they were very apologetic and gave us a $25 dining comp...whoopy. I do not recommend the hotel restaurant. The rooms were very unmemorable, but we are in Vegas and never really in the room anyway. As many other Yelpers said, the bed was very comfortable. The plus about this place is that it is a very small hotel, so you don't have to walk a mile to find the exit like in many of the large Las Vegas hotels. If you are looking for glamorous lights flashing, music pumping, casino bells ringing, Las Vegas stereotypical kind of hotel, this is not it. This is not a bad choice however if you want something more low key, relaxing and easy access to get to the strip, meetings etc. I ended up at the Westin Casuarina due to Priceline (and this is not a 4 star hotel at all)...I probably would not stay here again because I go to Vegas for the glitz, but if you want something more low-key this place may be for you.
2	The Westin is a good option if you want to get away from the mega hotels and ringing casinos on the strip. The hotel is about a quarter mile from the strip, so if you have the itch to be in the middle of the Vegas action then it's a short walk away. The other benefit of staying at this location is that you do not have to walk the gauntlet of poker machines, table games and old ladies puffing on their cigarettes to make it to the check in desk. Both of those are great, but what you are paying for is the room. The casino is owned by a separate company rather than Westin. Most of the games are slots and electronic poker. There are a handful of table games.  It's a non smoking hotel, but a smoking casino...which makes for a smoking hotel. Check in was easy and friendly. The front desk agent was very helpful and informative. A nice start to our stay. Rooms are lacking quite a bit compared to their competition, and our room just smelled like Chinese take out. The double rooms are fairly tight and do not offer much room to move around. The tube TV is out dated, the furniture is stained along with the carpet and wallpaper is peeling.  The bathrooms are average sized and offer all the amenities you would expect from a Westin. However, the water pressure for the shower is miserable, and their Heavenly Shower with a double head on it is pointless. I prefer a shower that works properly before they start attaching the bells and whistles on it. The Heavenly Beds are comfortable and the AC works great. Finally, the housekeeping is a joke. The only service they provide is making the bed. Forget about organizing the room or the bathroom. The non resort Westin charges a resort fee for things you never or rarely use...like incoming faxes.  It's like an apartment charging you pet rent.  It makes no sense.  They also state that your $11 daily fee gets you "free" water.  I can't quite figure that one out.  A 24 hour Starbucks is in the lobby, so if you're hitting the slots and on a roll at 4am and need to keep going, you can grab your coffee.  The restaurant is 24 hours as well.Overall, a decent hotel at best. Great location, great friendly staff but the Westin suffers in taking care of the details.  If they are asking for more than $100 a night...keep looking.
3	Great place for behind the strip. 24 hrs starbucks inside which is awesome. (free wifi?)internet charge is expensive... $13+ each day depending on how much you useThe food wasnt great & it was pricey. the room was fine beds are great & comfy, but had stains all over the carpet.the spa was nice i got a massage & a pedicure. The massage the lady was nice, but her touch was too gentle for me. (free drinks & snacks)the pool is small, but usually there isn't a lot of ppl so its nice to take a dip & tan. gas station right next door great for drinks & snacks.
2	I stayed here recently since my wife is in love with Priceline. Priceline rates this hotel at 4 out of 5 stars. I have been to some 4 star hotels, and you Sir Westin Casuarina are not a 4 star hotel. This place is more like a 2 1/2 star hotel in my opinion.The only good thing about this hotel is it is off the beaten path and you can get decent parking near your hotel room. The shades and the curtains keep the room dark when you want to sleep in after a long night that turns into dawn. And I guess this place is relatively cheap when compared to the other hotels in town. Also the rooms are non-smoking but smoking is allowed at the bar.Like a thief in the night I found an invoice that was already run on my credit card from the hotel in my room for a "Resort Fee", about $13 bucks a night. I still can't figure out what goodies I got for that "Resort Fee". Memo to Management, make it mandatory for the front desk personnel to explain the Resort Fee to guests upon check-in and what do you actually get for that Resort Fee. Because I didn't get Shit.Don't stay here if you need the action of a casino or the young and beautiful walking around the hotel. This place reminds me of a small hotel bar with a few gaming tables. Also, this place needs to add some vending machines.
4	Great location, just a block from the strip.  I like that this is a more laid back hotel.  Love the beds and the room was clean and did not break the bank
2	This Westin has slipped. We always stay there for Furniture Market because the parking is free and very abundant. It also has the Heavenly beds which I love and a Starbucks in the lobby. Yeah! But something has changed and service has slipped. I'm not sure we will stay there again despite the fact that we are Starwood preferred members. My room had very spotty air conditioning which was important since it was 107 degrees. So I called down to get someone to come fix it...yada yada yada...he comes...says he's fixed it. Temp doesn't change. Finally fall asleep exhausted from the day...hot and sweaty in the not-so-heavenly bed. Then the next day their solution is to move me....I don't want to move all my unpacked stuff to another floor from my colleagues one day away from leaving. She sends guy again. This time he discovers that he's left a critical part off the air co causing the air not to flow. Then it works wonderfully. Other issues...floor not swept or vaccuumed any day we were there. Trash left out in room....not "subject to interpretation" trash but things like crumpled paper and little creamer carton from the very very weak starbucks in room coffee. Anyways....nothing was tragic...life is too short to get too worked up...but it does seem that there has been a dramatic shift since in the past it has been such a nice experience.
2	Outside of Las Vegas, this would be a solid 3 or 4 star hotel.  However, in Las Vegas, there's a lot of competition, and the Westin just doesn't live up -- the only reason I stay there is Starwood Preferred Guest, and even that is a tenuous benefit.The rooms are pretty small for Las Vegas -- approximately 1970s hotel standard globally -- and while well furnished, pretty boring.  CRT TV (I haven't seen one of these in years!), limited additional facilities.  As a plus, there is wired and wireless internet, although for non-platinums, the price is pretty extortionate, as usual.One major negative for platinums is that there are only 4 suites in the property, so no upgrades.A big plus is that it's smoke free (I believe, still), unlike the rest of Las Vegas.Still, I'd stay somewhere else (Venetian, Wynn, etc.), if I wanted a Vegasy experience, or at the Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental if I wanted a non-Vegas experience.
1	So far crap! Can't check-in until 4 unless we want a full bed. Then tried to check-in at 4 and told all they had was a handicapped accessible room with a double bed. Said needed to wait another 40 minutes. Smells like smoke in the empty lobby where they are supposedly full! Do not book via Priceline!
2	Needs an extreme makeover - the place is smoky and not worth a try.
1	Not sure how exactly I ended up at this hotel...I used that one website where you type in an amount you are willing to pay and request a location (such as on the strip) and once it pulls something up for you you are committed and must book and pay. It gave us the Westin which was more money than we typed in and not even on the strip! I know some Westins out there are nice and this one looked big and beautiful in the pictures so we thought it wouldn't be so bad. But once we got there we were totally disappointed! The rooms were really small and ugly and the pool was also really small and ugly. I also had a really mean black jack dealer that embarrassed me in front of the whole table and constantly teased me through the whole game. What's funny was he never checked my ID so before I walked away I told him I was under 21 just to scare him. Of course I had fun because It's still Vegas! But don't take a chance on this hotel, it was over priced for the experiance and you can find just as good of a deal on fancier hotels on the strip! This one definitely does not live up to Vegas standards, it's so boring and small. I don't know how they got those pictures to look so good but maybe I should hire that photographer for something!
2	Really gotta take the Westin name off this place.  It feels like a Days Inn.  At least upgrade the TV's to flatscreens.  It's 2011, a 32" lcd is like $400.
5	Really people? It's not the Cosmopolitan... relax with your ridiculous expectations. Booked the Westin with Expedia & I had a GREAT experience here. It's an average hotel & doesn't have anything special like Planet Hollywood, Bellagio (honestly who cares about fountains if you're not a child or from another country),  Wynn, etc. However, it's simple, clean, and has an excellent staff. It's close enough to the hot spots of Vegas & it actually has a casino, pool, spa, & restaurant.  If you're going to go to Vegas to sit in your hotel room all day, spend a little more $ & stay somewhere else. But most of us like to go out, whether to drink, dance or sight see, thus the only thing that should matter is when you do come back can you: shower? have a bed to sleep on & have lovely Vegas dreams? YES & YES Let me add that the beds here are the BEST!!! It felt like I slept on clouds!
2	Eh. So-so, at best. I stay in Starwood properties all over the place and this is one of the lowliest Westin's I've visited. Tube TVs are way out of date. Rooms are smallish. Lobby is smokey (but this is Vegas, baby). Pool/spa area are decent. Public areas are clean, but I found rice cracker pieces under the ottoman in my room after I checked in ... tisk, tisk.
3	You folks are harsh! The Westin met the mark for what we needed for a 1-night stay (no, not a 1-night stand) in Vegas. $110 gets you a top floor room, 2 comfy Queen beds, check-in @ 12pm, clean hotel (very little smoke), friendly staff, free and efficient valet, 24-hour Starbucks in the lobby, good toiletries and the lowest "resort fee" I've seen ($12). If you're really picky, here are some points that you may want to consider (though to be honest, it didn't affect our stay that much, being how short it was): * Pool is mini * Strip is 2 blocks down * No fancy view * No fancy club attached * No iPod dock in the room * Daily charge for wireless * No masseuse on 24-hour call....... Seriously.
2	I've stayed here over the last 5 years I think and it's gone from being nice and sane in a world of madness, to just a touch shabby.I used to love it because compared to the rubbish hotels in Vegas, this was a bit of an escape. Sanity. Calm. No big casino. No clubs etc. I love all that...but not in the hotel. The walk to the strip was short and you know, the beds were fantastic.Now though, it's just completely been eclipsed. The Wynn, Cosmopolitan and all the other newer hotels just dazzle and shine and the poor old Westin is, as someone else said, like putting lipstick on a pig. The areas around it remain sketchy and undeveloped, the views are RUBBISH, the spa isn't great, the service is just ok, the TV (per the pics) is from the 80's I think... I come away thinking that I'm in the cheap seats and that's unfortunately not the truth either... at $180 + a stupid resort fee, it's a bit of a con.And as a Starwood Platinum for many years....SPG you should know better. Please refresh and update or call it a pig.
3	There is one advantage with a franchised model vis a vis hotels within the US:  "seemingly clean bathrooms" and comfortable beds with its corresponding fluffy pillows.  This Westin spot in Vegas had it - a business destination that provided me with frequent flyer advantage for my future international travel joys.The place is off the beaten path which is great for a solitary thinker.  However it is conveniently adjacent to the Bally's Hotel if you are a "closet gambler" - a note to take, not I in both accounts.I stayed here in the Spring for a couple of business meetings - it was great - from a points gathering standpoint, from a nice steak QUIET dinner and no frills lobby.VEGAS?  - it is not my type of town from a social standpoint - on the other hand it is an ABERRATION and anti-culture that symbolizes that which the old world is NOT - SANS - without (anything, {substantial, that is.}).For work? I'd recommend if you want to rack up your WESTIN points and focus on your task!  - GREAT WIFI connection.
5	The B E S T place to stay in Vegas if you are traveling with pets.All the others are becoming pet friendly but Westin had it first.Room Service is excellent!
2	We ended up getting a decent deal through the Priceline Negotiator (it was a holiday weekend), but this place is definitely not a 4-star hotel. Yes, it is close to the strip, but the area around it is underdeveloped and shady.The lobby of the hotel is relatively nice and we appreciated that it was quiet and smoke-free. However, the front-desk staff is not the friendliest and the check-in process was not the quickest.The rooms are very dated and the views, nonexistent. The carpets, as other Yelpers have stated, are quite dirty so make sure you don't forget your flip-flops. The bathrooms are clean but the tub floor could be cleaner.   The TV is a relic, but it gets the job done. On the plus side, the beds are comfy.We hated that they do not provide free wifi and, in addition, our phones could not not connect to the internet with our own data plans while in the hotel either. Very annoying. Also annoying is the fact that their express check-out does not work, so you still have to go to the front desk.For what we paid, we would not stay here again.
3	The Westin is rated as a four star hotel, but it is definitely not that. The hotel lobby is nice. The rooms are very standard and they don't even have a flat screen TV in it. The rooms are pretty small and only one person can comfortable fit in the bathroom at a time. The bathrooms do not even have an air blower. You could hear everything that your neighbor was doing and feel every time a door closed which must had marks and dirt on them.  For the price I paid to stay there I felt ripped off. I would definitely not ever pick to stay there again. Outside of that the customer service was awesome! A lot of hotels could learn from them on how to treat guest.
3	The hotel is ok, but I use Westins for the workout room, and this Westins workout room sucks. The hotel doesn't keep it up. broken equipment, broken tv's, the room is unclean, cluttered and a real turn off. This is not the Westin Workout I expect. Even a street person was using the gym, I watched him come in, use the facility, make a mess and leave without the hotel staff even noticing.
3	A mixed bag for sure.** Pluses:Comfy bedQuiet respite away from Vegas24 hour Starbucks in the lobbyClose enough to the Strip without the annoyances of being on the StripClose to the monorail** Minuses:No views of anythingTerrible area nearby that makes it scary to be walking late at night around hereShower is pretty plain and blasePart of it look beat up and needs a refurbI will be honest -- the 2 things that make me stay here are the SPG points (as opposed to no SPG or Hyatt points at the Cosmo or Wynn) and the sheer quiet. If neither of those appeal to you, skip it, else this is a good bet.
3	I attended an event planned by old ladies. This hotel/casino seems to cater to an older crowd. Any of you youngsters looking for a hip and happening scene want to steer clear of the Westin.Pros...Very comfortable bed with thick fluffy comforter and FIVE pillows per bed! Sleep quality was outstanding for me. Our room seemed to have newer carpet as it was clean and not worn. The bathroom has a large counter with plenty of room for two people to spread out their things. The bathroom is outfitted with a better than average hair dryer and a scale. Floor to ceiling mirror in the hall by the door.Cons...Not on the strip. Not enough plugs to plug in chargers and gadgets. There were only 3 in our room and none at the desk. Rooms are small. Even a suite was two small rooms with a wall knocked out. Not enough light in the hall by the closet. No safe to secure valuables. Our tiled shower/bath had grime in the grout. It might have been mold but I'm not a mold expert. All I can say it that the grout was quite dirty. Our key cards had a hard time opening the door. It was very touchy and we had to swipe it in a very particular manner.I usually stay on the strip but event planners had me coming here. It was ok, but I wouldn't recommend it with so many other superior choices.
3	Great location just a block off the strip, and an accommodating staff that has convinced me that I will be back. Rooms are a little small, but hey, you get SPG points and LOCATION!Also of note, 24 hour Starbucks is a win!
3	comfy in general!need improvement:* Killer bathtub with off scale level to floor when step out!* Old '90 TV :(* Interior Noise level " LOUD"  (  everytime plane comes & gone ) :O**** Parking FREE
3	Recently stayed at the Westin Casuarina and was pleasantly surprised. More of a business traveler hotel than a resort. Not glitzy by any means. Room was clean and modern (Except for the TV). My one complaint would be the heating and cooling system. Had to call maintenance after being in my room for a couple hours because it was 61 degrees in my room, heat wasn't working (It was 52 outside). They came in and fixed it but, from that point on all it would do was heat. The next day it was too hot but, wouldn't cool. Frustrating. I left it that way instead of calling maintenance again. All of the meeting rooms seemed to have allot of the same issues. On the upside, The staff there was very pleasant and helpful. The bar in the casino was a great place to unwind at night and the casino, albeit small was fun. Very short walk to the strip too!
3	This hotel could be a lot better, but it's decent. There seems to be one truism with Vegas hotels - if it's inexpensive, it probably isn't renovated - and the surest way to tell is by looking at the TV. The Casuarina room we were given on a recent trip to Las Vegas was stocked with a relic Zenith CRT, which tells you pretty much how things went. The carpet in rooms is torn up near the door in some places, very obviously so. Not small tears, but big rips in the floor that look like huge gashes from much neglect. In our room, there was poorly-erased graffiti which looked like it was the product of either a drunk/stoned adult or an unsupervised child, maybe even both. The surrealist semi-erased poetic musings provided for an interesting couple showers. Either way the markings were visible all over the tile in the bathroom shower, wall and parts of the bathroom exterior.There's also a resort fee which is standard fare, but no free WiFi/internet accompanying it. A few of my friends also booked rooms and I checked theirs out - same kind of general neglect.The Casuarina has a casino, but honestly why would you go there when there are so many more lively options a block away? Basically this place is a hotel one block off the strip - the proverbial bed and a shower you need, but go elsewhere for amenities - and obviously they know it. Probably the best thing about this place is that it has a real Starbucks on the ground floor with chairs and some working space.I can't complain, but really I wish the rooms were just a hair better. Then it'd be great.
5	Another 5 star review!  What is this world coming to?  Was here for one night and the room was ok, nothing special.  What earned the 5 stars you may ask?  I was still on east coast time and was up at 5am and bored out of my mind!  So I went to the "casino", really only a handfull of slots and one table that was not open.  I decided I would loose $200.  WRONG!  After an hour or so of jumping from machine to machine, I went back up to my room with about $800!  It was GREAT!
4	I loved staying at this hotel. I will certainly be staying here again next time I'm in town.Not only did they allow us to check in early but they also let us stay late. The service was spectacular. Their small casino had all the essentials like blackjack, craps and of course, wheel of fortune. The tables were all $5 and $10 tables even on a Saturday night. The lounge was quick and the servers were friendly. The cocktail waitresses were quick to refill drinks while gambling. The room was comfortable and clean but I could hear the neighbors moving around. The restaurant, Suede, has a buffet breakfast that was great. There was even a 24 hour Starbucks in the lobby.I would recommend staying at the Westin. It's quieter than the big casinos but located right up the street if you want the whole experience.
2	Disappointing overall. This property does not live up to Sheraton standards let alone Westin Standards. This can't be a corporate property. Starwood needs to do a better job monitoring their franchise properties.  Starting to rethink my Starwood loyalty. I had over 30 stays at Starwood properties this year and this one is the worst by far. It's in desperate need of renovations. The rooms are tiny, so at least put flat screens in them as opposed to the tube TV circa 1988. I've seen a lot of kudos on here for the 24 hour Starbucks but don't try and use a Starbucks gift card or mobile app... You will be denied.  Almost forgot to mention that the closets are smaller than most suitcases!
5	What a really nice surprise. I went into the Westin for the first time a couple months ago and I loved it! They have a nice bar and small casino floor. The Spa is very nice and very soothing. I like that the fact that the casino is small and not smokey. It's so close to the strip, it's like staying on the strip. The food there is very good and affordable. One of the biggest plus points for me is they also have a 24 hour Starbucks. The people are friendly and the service is very good. I would suggest going in and having a drink and you will feel what I'm talking about.
5	This is the kind of place where you don't have to leave the location to have a good time - BUT, if you are feeling froggish and would like to leap, the strip is a 4 or 5 minute walk, less then 1/2 a block, and you will find yourself between Bally's/Paris, Bellagio, Caesar's, and more, placing you literally right in the middle of the strip.
3	I've stayed here with two buddies of mine about a year ago. (I know belated review here) I thought the hotel was quite nice for the price you pay. I got a deal on hotwire for $100 a night and the rooms are clean and has everything a room should have. Nothing too fancy like Wynn or Aria where they have remote controlled curtains etc.What I liked about this hotel was that it is not to far from the main strip (just a 5min walk towards Ballys and Bills) and that it is quiet. There was never a point where I had a fear of claustrophobia like I do at some of the main strip hotels. Plus the price is just right. So if those sound like your thing, this is your hotel! PS. I also love how they have 3 to 2 payout at the blackjack tables instead of 2 to 1. Plus their dealers are super nice!
4	I would give a 4.5, but it won't let me! Nice hotel, friendly staff, affordable gambling, great food at suede, Starbucks open 24 hours. Only weird thing was the weird smells when walking across the main floors.
2	Understand that if you are looking for the Vegas experience, don't come here. You will not get it here. Even if I put these items aside, I still experienced issues with my stay.First, even though the facility appeared to have undergone a bit of a face lift...well it just didn't lift quite high enough for me. The rooms...even if you decided to put in a flat screen television (which they did) does not mean that it makes the room better. The carpet is worn over and the air did not work very well. Frankly it was a sauna, no matter how many times we tried to turn it down. The beds were okay. I just couldn't get past how worn the room seemed. In addition, very small. There was not a lot of wiggle room with two full size beds...oh that's right, the size of the bed. I am five foot five inches. When I spanned my arms across the bed my hands dangled over. Weird. I am happy I did not have to share.On the plus side they do have a 24 hour Starbucks on site AND they have a coffee maker IN THE ROOM! This locate is geared towards business travelers. There is a 24 hour gym (which is quite nice actually, considering that I had just come from a place where their gym closed down at 7 pm....I know it is Vegas and I should be out drinking and causing general chaos at 7 pm not trying to work out). The WiFi was spotty, so much so that I wound up turning on my own hot-spot rather than deal with it.As stated before this is not for the Vegas experience. It is located a few blocks from the strip and as someone mentioned before I don't believe that I would walk by myself at night from the strip back to the hotel. In fact, I didn't and I was with someone. We grabbed a cab rather then debate whether or not we may be uncomfortable.So in a nutshell if I were a business traveler and wanted nothing else other than business amenities, then I would probably check this place out, maybe.Oh...and stop saying you have a casino on location...just because you splattered a few machines on your lobby floor (okay maybe more than just a few) does not (in my head of course) qualify as a casino. This description is disappointing especially when you are using a third party site that is attempting to describe the facility.
3	I stayed at this hotel during the first weekend of March. I have heard that new management team took over earlier this year and its gearing towards the positive direction. Here are my summaries of stayPros:1. Turns down are back. Its good to have a clean room when you are back to your room at night.2. Flat Screen TV is finally here. But HD channels are still missing3. Attractive Weekend rate and ability to earn starwood points and enjoy elite benefits.4. Ease to walk to the room from parking lot when comparing to mega hotels.Cons:1. Internet did not work during my stay. I tried to contact the tech support but still did not work. Both of my friends' PC and Mac was not able to connect to their wifi so its not our computer's problem for sure.2. The cut back of their "social hour" (it used to be 2 hours but now to 1 hour). One of my biggest pet peeve is that they not just reduced in terms of food offering. They used to be at the room inside the Suade restaurant which was quite relaxing and able to enjoy the drinks an snacks but now its just a big bowl of salsa chips and located between the hallway to the spa and pool.3. Inside their spa they used to offer bottled water and juices too, but its all gone.4. I wish they can spend some time to ask engineers to clean the lents inside their bathroom and also the pipes for drainage. Good maintenance can keep the room lasts longer since there is no known room renovation plan announced yet. I was surprised to see how long it took for waters to drain down the pipe. Its embarrassing.I hope the hotel can seriously improve on the offering along with other issues so I will be more likely to return to this property and be my choice of hotel whenever visiting Vegas.
5	I'm very glad to have stayed last week for 2 days at the Westin hotel,The beds were awesome, clean, nice, & calm.I got 1 night WiFi free as a courtesy - without asking for it,i needed a kosher microwave and the guy at the office down stares (Travis i think) helped me with it.
5	Rooms were clean and i slept like a ROCK on the bed. The bar area was fun, and if you're playing machines the drinks are on the house. Nice to have a Starbucks in house too.I didn't get a chance to hit the pool, but the area looked like fun with a jacuzzi and workout room as well. The Strip is a madhouse IMO. It's nice to stay at a Hotel like the Westin that's only a block off with half the crowds.. I'm all in.
4	Overall, it was good stay. Kinda off strip (especially if you don't have car and need to walk it can be a bit inconveneint) but hotel was pretty quiet so I enjoyed my stay there. The clerks were really nice and attentive, they offer free drinks and chips I think from 5:30 to 6:30. Room was clean and cozy. Bathroom was clean too.
2	Had breakfast at the Suede. Ordered the buttermilk pancake and it came with sliced bananas and a small container of shelled nuts. It was OK but I didn't think it was worth the $12.00. They only provided 2 tiny containers of syrup but a large pat of butter. Coffee was $4.00. Yeah...a bit pricey.
5	I recently stayed with the hotel for 3 days and 2 nights.. First time to vegas and it was great. When I first checked in the gentleman was very friendly and helpful on info. about vegas... He also gave us a nice room on a highfloor which i greatly appreciated. I also had a personal issue and had to talk to the front desk and Rick was very helpful on helping me figure out what to do =) Loved that the hotel was only 2 blocks away from the strip. I also def. would recommend eating at the restaurant. I ordered the Pizza Regina and it was delicious. One of the best pizzas I've tasted in a long time. It came with ham and mushrooms and the ham was cut so thin that it just melted in our mouths. usually most places will have thick chunks of ham which make it too hard to chew and tastes like Im eating rubber.... Also the waiter was very friendly and professional.
5	10 MINUTES WALKING FROM STRIP!Modern looking rooms!I stayed here with my cousin as we did a cousin bonding trip ... lol Vegas? I know right?But anyways, we loved the facility! Gym (For all you meat heads and health freaks)  Has treadmills, weights, yoga mats, and an "All in one" gym set.Pool looks nice, I never went in (Well I got it in, but you know ....) It was cold at the time that I went but it looked very clean!Casino has some nice games, not big on gambling tho ... Only type of gambling I do is when I live on the edge ... I gamble my life ... lol ....The rooms are nice with new modern furniture.  It doesn't have a nasty smell to it.  Also, every time you leave, house keeping comes and goes to work!  My cousin barfed and clogged the toilet, we left the room to get breakfast, and when we got back, it was fixed!  They have wonderful customer service too!  I was able to check out at 2pm (YES 2pm)  ... How do you like them apples???? lolThe best part is, it was only a 10 minute walk from the strip!  (Even a lil tipsy!)Enjoy!
3	This hotel is located about 10 minutes from the strip by the bellagio. It has a small casino inside which is nice if you want to get away from all the people on the strip. The staff was overall pleasant. Our rooms were ok since we stay at alot of starwood properties i would have to say that this isnt the best westin i have stayed at. The ice machine on my floor was not working and i called to report it 2 days later it was still broken. So it kinda suck going to other floor everything i wanted ice. But what really killed the whole trip and why they dont get 4 or 5 stars is the food they offer. Terrible if i was just rating the food i would give it 2 stars. Do Not order room service. We ordered NY steak,Ribs, Pasta,Cheesecake and it was all terrible and a bill for 175. Luckly we complained and they gave us a discount but Never again. Even with the discount. I would def try and stay at a different hotel next time but if the rate was good at this westin i might think about it!
5	I had a very nice stay here!  I stayed here for a leadership conference and was completely satisfied with my weekend.The rooms are clean, modern, and smell wonderful!  And the beds are super comfortable.  It's a little off the strip, but not too far to walk everywhere as long as you're prepared with the right shoes.  I would definitely stay here again.There's a Starbucks, a convenience/souvenir store, and a very tasty restaurant (mid to high end in price).The pool is not extravagant like the ones on the main strip, but it's a sufficient pool.The casino is small compared to the ones on the main strip, but still gives you some good gambling choices.If you're looking for a classy, comfortable hotel to stay in and find refuge while in Las Vegas this is a great choice.  You can go crazy at the other hotels and then come back to this one.
3	The Westin has some good things about it, and some bad things about it.I usually stay there when on business travel, and I suspect most of their guests do too.  They seem to have a lot of airline employee guests (flight attendants, etc) as well.Good:- It's supposed to be smoke free.  It mostly is (see below).- The fitness center is decent.- The pool and hottub are open until 3AM.  No one seems to know this, so there is rarely anyone in there late in the day.- If you get one of the SPG floor rooms, the rooms are upgraded and up to a normal Westin standard.- You can walk around the corner to Ellis Island, which has great BBQ, their own beer, and pretty good pizza.- Starbucks is open 24 hours, but it's a hotel Starbucks, so it's overpriced.- Free happy hour (I think) sometime around 5.  Beer and wine, chips.  Hey, it's free, don't complain.Bad:- The casino on the first floor allows smoking.  So the lobby area of the hotel is not smoke free.  It's not as bad as other hotels, but it's definitely not a completely smoke free hotel.- As Westins go, this one is far below the standard.- There's really nothing to do around here.  I know its not the Strip, but for example the Hard Rock Hotel (the other place I stay for business) is right across from almost a dozen restaurants, shops, etc.I have to highlight one standout - one of the front desk staff, Dalarie (hope I spelled that right) is super nice and one of most competent Sheraton employees I've had the pleasure of dealing with.  I hope her managers read this and recognize her value to the hotel.
4	A peaceful high quality alternative for Vegas veterans.If this is your first trip to Vegas, or if you are looking for the proper Vegas experience you might want to stay elsewhere.  There is simply no substitute for the big resorts/hotels in the middle of the strip.  You should only stay here if you fully understand that this is a hotel with a small casino; but not a proper Vegas casino resort/hotel.The biggest upside of this hotel is it offers a 'stress-free' experience only 10 minutes walk away from the strip Bally's.  There's no attraction/night clubs/sports bar at the hotel which means you do not get throngs of tourists/club goers/loud sports fans/loud bachelor party groups partying here.  Even though there's only one restaurant in the property there's never a line either.The room-Nicely appointed as I've come to expect from a Westin 'standard'.  During my recent stay (May 2012) it seems they have also upgraded the TV's to large flat screens.  The deluxe city view is approx 200sqft.  A coffee machine, safe and a lazy chair are included in the amenities.All rooms are smoke free even though smoking is allowed on the casino floor (adjacent to lobby).The location-A lot of people might be put off by their 'off strip' location.  However, I honestly feel that this hotel's location is as good as 'on strip'.  They are located about 10 minutes walk behind Bally's.  Due to the fact that Bally's is at the center of the strip this means you can get to Caesars and City Center complex under 30 minutes on foot.  This is a big plus for me on a busy holiday weekend since it's a pain to get in or out of those casino's by cab due to traffic/wait line.  I would argue that the location of this hotel is better than the 'on-strip' hotels at the far north/south ends of the strip.Service-Nothing left to be desired ... pretty much in line with what's expected from Westin.  Check-in agent seems to have authority to offer 'freebies'.  We mentioned that we're in Vegas to celebrate my engagement and was given a free bottle of champagne and cheese platter.There is one 24hr restaurant and a starbucks (also open 24hr) on location.  Their players' card comped $ can be used at starbucks.Free beer and wine for an hour during their 'social hour'Price-Weekend rates about $125-$150 per night.  They are sometimes found on Yuupon discounted rates and I managed to get a rate of $100 for 2012 memorial weekend.In conclusion, this should be part of your short list if you need a hotel to rest after a night out on the strip due to it's convenient location and the good value for money that it offers; but you're not looking to stay in a 'Vegas' style suites / resorts.
4	I spent four nights here over the recent holiday weekend... my last visit to Vegas involved a disappointing stay a mile away, with no in-room coffee and nothing interesting close to the hotel other than a Hard Rock restaurant. Having had good Starwood experiences since joining SPG in 2004, I figured I couldn't go wrong here. I didn't go wrong. The front desk staff were always helpful, Marcus at Suede remembered my name and was very courteous and attentive to my needs, the room was comfortable and clean, the breakfast buffet was the best buy for breakfast, and I loved being able to hook up a HDMI cable to the in-room LCD TV and have a second monitor for my laptop. They have a "green" program for SPG members, where if you forego housekeeping for a day, you get $5 off food and drink or 500 SPG points. If you're staying more than three days, I'd suggest not choosing this option at checkin... you can choose it with a card on your door each night, so if you want your room cleaned in the middle but not every day, you can still get the benefits (I think) other than the cleaning day and the checkout day. However, when I needed towels or coffee I just asked at the front desk and they were delivered promptly. As other reviewers have mentioned, it's about "a block" to the Strip. If you come from a normal city, think 4 blocks to the corner where Bill's is. You'll find Bumblebee from the Transformers (or a reasonable facsimile) there, and the rest of the Las Vegas strip. There's a liquor and grocery store two normal-blocks away (halfway to the Strip), and the gas station next door has a reasonable convenience store in case you miss the 10pm closing of the gift shop. Main upsides:* Courteous staff. Never a bad experience with the personnel. * Breakfast buffet at Suede was great. Not cheap, and I might have shopped around if it hadn't been on company expense, but it was a pretty good start to the day.* 24-hour coffee availability, in-room and at Starbucks in the lobby. * Nice in-room amenities and linens/towels/robe. The only downsides I'd have to report would be:* The TV is HD but the cable channels are not. On the upside, HDMI in, so you can use your laptop or portable DVD easily. And of all the things that could be bad, I'll take this one. * I got the "hotel computer is being worked on" message when trying to look at my folio on the tv. Not sure if that got fixed, or if it was because I was on a corporate plan, but that was unexpected. * Parking structure is a bit cramped. Always a free space... free as in available, and free as in no parking fees... but it could get scary if it was a crowded car weekend.* Mini-bar was a bit sparse. Beer, wine, soda, bottled water, a snack or two. But if you can't find a drink in Vegas otherwise, you need help. :) Next time I head to Vegas, whether it's work again or pleasure, I'm likely to stay here.
4	I absolutely enjoyed staying here. Right when I walked in, I loved how the "Westin Smell" captivated me even though there were people smoking in the casino area, and it wasn't noisy.  The room was decent in size, and the bed was comfortable with plushy pillows. Kudos for having a 24 hour Starbucks on the premises. Oh, and their 24 hour Restaurant, SUEDE served good food which was reasonably priced.
3	This is a nice hotel conveniently located 1 block from the strip. It is your standard business type hotel, not really a resort. One restauraunt and a very small casino. If you are looking for a place for a meeting, which I went to, it is fine. I would probably not stay here on a vacation trip. It is close to many independent places to eat. It is in in close walking distance to other, bigger, resort hotels.
3	Awesome front desk service. It definitely isn't a smoke free hotel. My room still smells a bit smokey. :(They have a social hour from 5:30 - 6:30 daily. No free wifi u less you're using your spg gold member points.To note to housekeeping - please make sure the alarm is turned off for the next guest. I am not pleased to be awake at 5:30am!
4	great alternative to the big box hotel/casinos.  If you like to walk through your lobby and not get lost, you'll love this place.
4	Recently spent one night at The Westin Las Vegas, and was pleasantly surprised. The resort was clean, the casino was fun and the room was very spacious. We found a great deal online that included breakfast buffet for two. The bed was extremely comfortable, the sheets and comforter were fluffy and the pillow was perfect. Westin knows how to treat their guests!The bathroom came with all the normal amenities, and to add a little fun...a rubber ducky! We spent some time at the pool and Jacuzzi while visiting the resort. Both were small but suited their purpose. They also had beach balls for the kids floating around the pool. There is also a pool bar right off the pool so you don't have to go far for a beverage. After visiting the pool we found ourselves at the complementary happy hour! A stocked bar of beer and white or red wine was available in unlimited quantities for an hour before dinner. Chips and salsa were also available to snack on while you enjoyed your drinks. The breakfast buffet was fully stocked and delicious. Here are a few things on the buffet menu: Scrambled eggs, bacon, potatoes, eggs Benedict, bagels, and to top it off...Krispy Kreme Donuts! YUM! I would stay at the Westin again and would recommend it to anyone looking to be close to the strip but not on the strip. It is only a short block walk to the heart of Las Vegas Fun!
4	We booked a room for 2 nights through Travelocity's secret hotel's. Once we found out what hotel we were booked at I checked out the reviews, and left for NV with a bit of apprehension. We arrived a 10:30 pm on Friday (that drive in is just ugly), dropped the car in the garage and got checked in. The gentleman that processed our transaction was fantastic, he upgraded our room, sent housekeeping to de-feather it (I'm allergic), and was super helpful. The bellman was very nice. The room was beautiful, clean, the bed was comfy, I was very happy with everything, My one and only gripe was that the fridge was solely a mini bar., in the sweltering heat cold drinks would have been tops. We were booked in for 2 nights, both of which were great. Also do be aware of the resort fee (not the first LV hotel I've run across it at, but some people are surprised). Very pleasant surprises all the way around.Pros: 1 personable staff  2 clean 3 24 hour starbucks 4 small casino (I'm not a gambler) 5 Close to Monorail  Cons 1 mini bar with no real fridge
2	I have been staying at this hotel the past couple of times I have been in Vegas on business...especially after Planet Hollywood was no longer affiliated with Starwood (such a bummer)!  The rooms are quite comfortable...love the heavenly bed and the heavenly shower!  The staff is always very nice too.  4 stars for this!I was disappointed this time that I chose to "go green" and forgo changing sheets etc.  I didn't realize that meant I would have to deal with my towels piling up on the bathroom floor in exchange for $5 in food/beverage credit - really?  Your housekeeping crew does nothing to my room and you only give me $5 - boy, was I a sucker!  Seems you have been able to cut back on staff, cut back on service and not save the customer any money...or $5 - wow!  Also, my keys kept getting deactivated even though I wasn't keeping them next to anything magnetic.  0 stars for this!
4	Just off the strip. Great to get away from the stuck up crowd but close enough to join the party.
3	This Westin is just off the strip. It's got a small casino in the lobby, which is pretty confusing (the guestroom elevators are particularly well hidden).The overall feel is "updated 10 years ago and needs it again."  The whole place is overly beige and quite boring, which depending on your attitude, can be a refreshing change from the over-the-top-ness of other Strip hotels.The rooms are quite big with comfortable Westin beds and handsome modern sleek furniture. Staff were efficient and friendly in minimal interactions, but the maids offering a heartfelt "hello" and the desk staff offering a "aww, there' right down there, honey" when a tired me said "i can't find the elevators!" both made my day a little better.MINUSES:- no free Wifi (seriously, it's 2012, why do high end hotels still nickle and dime us for wifi when we get it free at Motel 6)- Popcorn ceilings- Tattered towels - Broken and crooked toilet paper holder- No fridge cept minibar, where you are warned not to use it for personal itemsPLUSES:- friendly staff- Nice bathroom amenities- big flat screen TV- Coffee tea maker in room- in room safeThis a perfectly decent place to stay, but needs a refresh, and several broken items and the tattered towels speaks to a slight lack of attention to detail you'd expect from a Westin.
4	So clean, fresh, and bright!Stayed here for 2 nights - the beds really are heavenly! Everytime I would lay down I did not want to get up!Easy check in, and since I was a SPG member we got a complementary upgrade. The hotel offers a happy hour for free wine, beer, and hors d'oeuvres from 5:30 to 6:30. The westin is a non smoking hotel, except for the casino area. Since I was recovering from a severe asthma attack and hospital trip, I had no issues.  The place was very clean and smelled new and fresh. I loved the white tea scent. I wish I bought some to take home with me! They have a 24 hour restaurant and starbucks! Great for late night fiends.We walked to the strip from the hotel, very easy!! We will stay here again..The only issue I had was that the walls were very thin and I could hear everything in the rooms next to you and across from you. You could also hear everyone in the hallway... But overall great stay!
4	I'm mainly reviewing this place because I really don't think it deserves a measly 3-star rating.My friend booked this hotel for Labor Day weekend, and after looking at the reviews, I was really disappointed that we didn't get a nicer hotel. When we pulled up to the place, I couldn't understand what these reviews were talking about. Some things worth noting:+ VERY close to the strip without being on the actual strip. I don't understand why people keep saying that there's "nothing in the area."+ Very friendly staff. I got to be on a first-name basis with the bartender at the pool.+ Free happy hour nightly from 5:30-6:30. I like free booze and food.+ The pool is open until 3am, quiet, and has a jacuzzi - three things that are very hard to find on the strip.+ Room was clean, beds were VERY comfortable, and linens were clean.+ Maid service was prompt.- The Suede restaurant is kinda overpriced. The eggs benedict in the buffet were overcooked. Meh. BUT this hotel is a block away from Ellis Island, which is my new favorite cheap eats restaurant EVER. Review coming soon.- The lobby was really really perfumy. I'm sensitive to scent, so it didn't fare very well with my hangover on Sunday morning.At first, I really wanted the "Vegas Experience" this weekend, but I ended up really enjoying the chill atmosphere. I'd definitely stay again.
4	Likes: rooms are decent size, nice and clean, casino small, breakfast buffet downstairs, just down the block from the Vegas stripDislikes: I don't have anything bad to say, but there was nothing really wow about this hotel compared to others I've been to but it was still nice and CLEAN so I'd say 3.5 stars
4	Not sure why so many are hating on this place. The rooms are a little dated and the lobby reeks of smoke (it's vegas afterall). The staff are all friendly. Room service is very affordable, the same or cheaper than in inexpensive Saint Louis and Kansas City! Most of it was quite tasty as well.Of course it's annoying it's a block further off the strip, but there aren't many chains that have secured a spot on the strip so it's to be expected.
3	Pluses: great location to be close to The Strip but pay off-strip prices (5/10 minute walk to Ballys/Paris), Westin Heavenly Bed & Heavenly Shower, nice if u want to rest away from the city's hustle & bustle, plenty of free parkingMinuses: Small pool, small spa (it's nice but doesn't have all of the amenities that you'd find at a big spa), surprised they didn't have iHomes in the roomAlso I was disappointed with some of the customer service. We wanted to leave our bags with the bellhop because our room wasn't ready yet. He wasn't there but the concierge and all 4 of the people at the check in desk weren't doing anything. I know they saw us waiting! It was so long before someone even acknowledged us that I was literally seconds from putting my bags back in my car! Even if it's not your job, you should at least say "he'll be right back" or "let me find him". Or even better, help us yourself! How hard is it to put a ticket on a bag! That was so uncalled for... Disappointing
4	No shuttle ! Host was friendly and nice ::a total plus:: room was okay. Love Westin beds! Decor was bland and the TV was old and fuzzy.
5	Time for an updated review, and one from someone who doesn't have unrealistic expectations!This is a GREAT location in Vegas - far enough away from the hot messes directly on the strip, and the accompanying noise - but close enough to easily walk to it. This feels as close to a "business" hotel in Vegas as I've experienced, but it's still Vegas. This place wasn't overrun with screaming children, strollers, or people who'd had too many cocktails. It felt like the perfect balance: some slots, card games, tables, food, Starbucks - all inside the ground floor of the hotel; a great pool with plenty of places to lay out and enjoy the hot Vegas sun; very sharp, clean, comfy rooms with wonderful beds; LOTS to see and do nearby. Not sure what else people want here, but this is one of my favorites in Vegas and I'll be back, no questions asked. Hope the reviews reflect people's honest experiences here - and that more will review to update the outdated (and whiny) ones!
4	Nice, clean, quiet. Was in LV for business and appreciated that this hotel wasn't crazy at all hours--also, non-smoking. Staff were very pleasant. If I were forced to go back to Las Vegas I'd probably stay here again.
3	3 stars only because I have been disturbed all day by the staff (and its not even noon yet).  First disturbance, phone ringing (0630), I suspect it was the front desk calling leading to disturbance #2.  Approx 7am there is a knock on my door and its maintenance.  He says "oh, they told me the room was vacant".  Who told you?  The front desk who has a computer containing information on which rooms are vacant and filled?  Apparently I don't exist.  I get moved to another room two floors up because maintenance needs to fix some plumbing issues that are affecting the floor below.  So I lose my comfy king bed and end up with a double.  Life goes on and I'm sitting here relaxing with my do not disturb sign on the door.  I hear a knock and think it's the maids next door.  Nope, its someone coming into my room.  I get up, pissed off, and ask her what she wants.  She's like " your sign is on the floor", so does that mean I want to be disturbed because the very flimsy do not disturb sign fell, probably while she pushed the handle down to open my door?  She then asks me when I was checking out.  Um, first off check out is at 12, its only 11.  Also, I'm not checking out until tomorrow!!! WTF Westin!  The rooms are comfortable but some updating can occur.  The furniture is somewhat banged up and the carpet is stained.  But at least it's clean. Ate breakfast at the restaurant downstairs, it was sufficient but I didn't eat $18 worth.  Service was lacking too. I asked for ketchup, and 10 min later it showed up.  The gym is small but adequate.
4	yes it is a little dated and needs to be updated but it is what it is. The room service was fair in price and tasty. The bed comfy and the shower worked....Isn't that all you need when in vegas?
1	The hotel itself is fine.  Clean, big rooms, decent room service, convenient location.  However, the staff and particularly management are not up to Starwood standards.I'm platinum SPG so I stay at a lot of Starwood properties.  Their billing system was down so they weren't able to print or e-mail me a folio (bill) at check out, but the front desk assured me it would be e-mailed in a couple hours.  However, my credit card had already been charged for the room....6 hours later, no folio.  So I call the hotel.  The manager Samantha's response was "sorry, nothing we can do."  When I asked if it were possible to come up with an alternative such as a manual or handwritten receipt, Samantha the hotel manager said no.  Now, I wasn't trying to get anything for free, I just wanted a receipt for the charges the Westin so I could submit an expense report the next day.Thus began a 24-hour ordeal of multiple calls to Starwood and customer service, which eventually culminated in receiving a handwritten receipt from Samantha, the manager.  This was exactly what I'd originally asked for.It is now 5 days later and I still have yet to receive a formal folio from this hotel.  I will never stay at the Westin Las Vegas again.
4	The restaurant is surprisingly good.
3	This is a review I am writing for the bar portion of this hotel. I stayed at the hotel but I have no opinion on it.My coworkers and I went to this hotel bar a LOT while staying at the hotel. We were excited because they have a free happy hour for business people to mingle and maybe hook up with each other later. It was pretty lame as it turns out. They had a giant bowl of chips for us to eat and Pace Picante salsa in a slightly smaller but still big bowl. They had Bud Light and red, or white if you chose that option, wine. "From the bottle to the cup" is the slogan they kept using. Not very creative if you ask me, but no one ever does. That's why I write reviews on the internet.I observed many flight attendants while sitting at this bar. I also got mistaken for a flight attendant by a drunken pilot. He loved trying to buy his new flight attendant friends drinks. He had seen a lot of movies about pilots and planes, like Airplane and Top Gun. He had a wedding ring according to my coworker so that lowered my opinion of him. I guess he was the only person we talked to.Also, this isn't about the bar but it relates to alcohol drinking - This hotel has a convenience store at the end of the parking lot! If you can't get your bottle of wine open they have a guy that works at the hotel that will help you. He'll just come right up to your room, which by the way was charming as a country cottage, with one robe to share. But enough about the hotel.The bar was reasonably priced according to the married pilot who bought my coworker and me drinks. We were all flying high by the end of the night. Try the quesadilla, said Randy, a name I made up for the pilot.
3	I stayed at the westin this past weekend for the Las Vegas Rock n' Roll marathon. It's pet friendly and in a great location for those running the race. I've stayed two others times in the past 5 years but this time wasn't so great. I booked my room back in October 2012 on WESTIN's site. Upon arrival - I was told I did not have a reservation. As she suggested I booked through a third party site - I showed proof of my reservation and was told they could re-book the room for me. I felt more like a problem than a welcomed guest. While other front desk staff provided guests with information about their free refreshments, etc. I was just given my room key and "sorry." After checking into the room, the fridge was "broken" and permanently locked. The entire weekend I had to pry it open. I also called for pet bowls and were told they had none. I asked if they had some sort of alternative they could provide and was simply told "no" and that was the end of that conversation. I might try other alternatives...if you're traveling with pets there are other options - Trump hotel is pet friendly, Four Seaons, Ceasars, and some options off the strip. http://www.bringfido.com/lodging/city/las_vegas_nv_us/ It is too bad because I do like this hotel.
4	The Westin is a great place to stay if you don't really care about being directly ON the strip, you don't really have a need to gamble IN your hotel, and you plan to go OUT for meals. What you get instead is a comfortable, quiet room with a heavenly bed, a decent gym, a terrific spa, and an overall familiar experience if you are a frequent business traveler. You don't have to wait in line for 30 minutes to check in or out, you can get a cab as soon as you are outside, and you can walk to the strip within a few blocks. I think the monorail is nearby as well, if you prefer not to walk.
4	Great business hotel at the heart of the strip.
4	This was a great place to stay! Although it not on the strip it's walking distance and if you need a cab the valets can always get one for you. Loved the 24 hours Starbucks and restaurant! I wish I could remember the women's name who worked as a host late at night  3am(Filipino women) was great....so great we even requested her as our server. The front desk was very efficient, I had an issue with a my bill (I booked 4 rooms) and he was able to fix it in no time. Everyone was friendly and helpful. The only reason why I'm not giving 5 star is when we were to check out, housekeeping knocked on our door twice and we called down to the front desk early in the morning for a 1pm check out. My cousin who was across the hallway from us had a 4pm check out and the same thing happened to them. Otherwise, I'm very pleased with this hotel!
4	I have stayed at Westins but this is my first time staying at this one in Las Vegas for a weekend.WOW, love the location.  It's a block off from the strip.  Good walking distance to other hotels and the strip.Service is excellent....from check-in to check-out...from requesting additional items for the room...excellent.  Accommodating and friendly staffs.The rooms are spacious, clean, and nice design.  The bed is comfortable..at least I didn't have hard time sleeping or toss 'n turn!  I don't like the pillows in general at many hotels cuz they are sooooo soft! : (  But, with additional pillows, that helped a bit.The spa and the pool area are really luxurious.  I enjoyed the pool area.  It can be crowded, of course, but wow, people are actually relaxed and no-nonsense stuff going on.  LOL  ;)  It's also a pet-friendly place!  Something new to me!
4	Okay, so this is definitely not one of the fancy Vegas hotels with the more, more, more over the top mentality so if that's what you are you looking for then I would quickly suggest you quickly move along.  However, if you are looking to book a place that is accommodating to a small budget, but still nice and a great location then you've found your place.   I booked this room as a hotwire.com blind booking and luckily I was pleasantly surprised.While this hotel is technically not on the strip, it is very close to the strip and centrally located which makes it ideal for a cheap cab ride to pretty much anywhere you would like to go.  The rooms are nice and clean and have everything you would need. And really, you're in Vegas so how much time are you actually spending in the room?  Stay here, save the money you would spend on a luxury resort and treat yourself to something special.
3	The benefits of being close to the strip without having to stay on the strip... something like that. The charm of this place for me is actually it's location. If you stay at a strip hotel when they happen to close the strip, getting around with your car would be a hassle. So this was a nice alternative for me since I try to visit places outside the Strip. One of these days, I'll be brave enough to stay in downtown. Anyway, the hotel is pretty simple with an equally simple casino. If you've ever wondered where your favorite slot machine went, they likely have a version here. Plus points for not disabling some of  the buttons like strip properties have been doing.
4	Not one of the extravagant hotels on the strip. It's two blocks off the strip, not far!It's a Westin! So, it's very comfortable. It's was clean, affordable and a very relaxed stay. The 24 Starbucks is nice. And there is a small (smoke free) casino, although some were smoking!
5	This Westin is just a block away from the Las Vegas Strip.  It offers great accommodations and provides a reasonably sized casino.  Parking is limited but they do have a covered garage, which seems safe.  The cashiers were very helpful and hardworking.  Visit this place if you are in the area.
4	A very classy chill place to stay in Vegas.  Just off the strip so it's quiet and relaxing.  I wish the pool were a little bigger/flashier.  The drinks in the bar here are not cheap.  Go somewhere else to drink & come here to sleep.
2	The lobby is nice, clean and you don't get the smell of smoke from all the smokers! The casino is pretty small but nice!The rooms are small even the double deluxe is small! Walls are extremely thin I could hear our neighbors arguing their dog barking the music they are playing its very annoying!!! The shower/tub looks dirty! The pool has to be the smallest pool I've ever seen in Vegas there's absolutely no wow factor about the pool or the hotel!!
4	FOOD AND DRINK: $3 Beers and Sangria during happy hour near the pool (6-7:30pm I believe?), get drinks from Jack he is amazing! I never order food at the Westin because it's usually really expensive, but they have some legit pool food, my favorite was the chicken quesadilla. GAMBLING: They also have $3 blackjack and craps / 25 cent roulette specials until 5pm. You can't beat the price for this location, it's literally just across from Bally's and across from Caesar's.AMENITITES: Rooms are clean, typical Westin style no frills. There is a small basic gym, spa, and small pool area. Everytime I go, I get credit for the breakfast buffet at Sueded which is a decent place for basic food like eggs, bacon, and french toast. The only problem is that I wish there were more food options nearby. The best restaurants are really off the strip and on the main strip hotels.Best gambling and drink specials near the strip!
4	When in Las Vegas for work, this is where our corporate account has us stay. It is nice... simple and clean. Large TV's in the room, complimentary bottled water in the room, starbucks coffee, great shower pressure.  I wouldn't stay here for a  vegas vacation, probably, simply because I'd want something a bit more lively. Great for if youre in town for work, however.  Adequate fitness center- dumbbells up to  60lbs... Full circuit cable pulley machine and a lot of cardio---around 15 cardio machines (ellipticals, bikes and treadmills) free fruit in there as well...   Pool area is pretty simple, but very nice- there is a bar out there, (where this nitwit paid 5.75 for a Redbull!) :- /    There are cabanas and a good amount of lounge chairs, pool and hot tub.  Really, no complaints about this place, Other than, I do agree with another reviewer- the walls are thin, as I could hear people to the side of me- not partying, but just speaking loudly.. A great place to stay if you're looking for something nice and clean, yet w/out the party hard vibe.  It's hard to go wrong with a Westin, however.  I believe there is also some type of daily happy hour too.. FREE food, etc... but I haven't tried that... Friendly staff, as well.. that's important.
5	Ahhh Vegas...This time around, my group of girls decided on the Westin. It was not on the strip, but close enough to walk to it. Remember, if you are in heels, this does not count and you will end up calling taxis to get to the strip (as we did). As for the hotel:It smelled beautiful when we walked in. They had floral arrangements everywhere which instantly made me like the place. The decor is absolutely beautiful.The rooms were clean and modern, ours had a KILLER view of the strip. Our check in was smooth and everyone was very accommodating. The staff was incredibly sweet and met our every need. From the doorman to the housekeeper, everyone was simply amazing! I cannot stress how comfortable we all felt at Westin! The hotel had a free happy hour and snack reception for the guest (amazing!). The hotel had happy hour casino hours which was fun. The casino is tiny compared to the rest of the casinos on the strip, but then again who cares, Westin is primarily a hotel. Overall, the experience was great. The hotel was overall peaceful and calm (not the regular insane Vegas ambiance). I personally loved the Westin! Peace and calmness in crazy Vegas! Five stars!Viva.. (insert cliche ending here.)
1	Stayed here just this past weekend for two nights. In the two nights of my stay I had the housekeepers walk in my room about 4 different times without even knocking. Might I add this was all late night...
1	After staying here at the Westin Las Vegas last weekend, I would have to rethink what hotel I book at. I put the do not disturb sign on the door and the maids still knock on the door many times. I do not understand why it's so hard to look down on the door knob to realize there's someone in here. One of the morning's I decide to use the iron and iron board, come to find out that the ironing board is wrinkled. I have never had any of these things happen in other hotels. Next time it's Bellagio!
3	Last minute booking for work at this hotel. It was $89 a night Mon - Thursday. I wasn't too thrilled to be staying at this hotel but it was cheap. Here are some Pros and Cons:Free WifiFree Parking and ValetGym was pretty nice and AC was on pretty high which is a plus.Suede restaurant was actually pretty good.They had a promotion where you get 500 starwood points if you waive housekeeping each night. Not bad.24/7 Starbucks downstairsComplimentary WaterConsNoisyPretty small poolNot many slot machines in this casino and it seems like this hotel is bad for gaming.Showers were very low and some noticeable stains in the rooms.I would probably stay here again just for the Starwood points but there are definitely better options to stay during the week.
3	Being a Starwood junkie, this is the only option anywhere near the strip.... Oh how I miss planet Hollywood.First the good:-  Although not ON the strip, it is really close-You can usually get a decent rate.... even weekends you see a 99.00 AAA rate.- Clean... your typical Westin.- Easy, close and free parking.... usually covered in their garage.Cons:Lacks the "wow" factor of many of the places on the strip.Being an SPG Platinum, I have stayed here 15 times... and NEVER been upgraded.Their casino is small.For now, it is the best (and only) SPG property on the strip...
4	I really enjoyed my stay here at this hotel and it was only $86 a night. I knew the room wasn't going to be impressive for the price but I came with 2 other couples and they couldn't get us all on the same floor so we got the complimentary upgrade which put us at the top floor. That was great because the rooms at the top were very clean and a bit modern. What matters is the bathroom and it was clean and did not look outdated. There is a good walk to the strip but nothing major cuz as soon as you hit the strip you are at the heart of it all ( Ceaser's Palace, TI, Flamingo). Customer service was helpful and nice. I liked the pool it was very quiet and calm. This place is good for families.
4	Allow me to qualify my rating: 1500 SPG pts earned, waived $20 internet/hotel fee, a $79 top 17th floor king suite, $25 credit that we used at Starbucks, uncrowded pool that had chairs available, and a bar too...free happy hour at 5:30PM, & a brand new 24 hour gym room sporting Life Fitness equipment...oh yes!!!great feature:24 hour rather open and inviting layout Starbucks with the comfiest of blue armchairs. I like....That is why I gave them 4 stars. Water bottles are all free. In fact, this hotel is heavily used by airline crew:pilots, flight attendants, etc. Suite was very large. 2 windows had pretty south-facing views, and of the pool on the 2/F. Btw, pool is open 21 hours a day!!!! waaay cool. Buffet breakfast $18. Looked too awesome. Inside Suede restaurant.From the perspective of Westins and as they go, this would probably qualify as a dud, underwhelming, not luxurious enough for its Westin namesake. The pool is plain and small, and overall, some features could be quite newer and dazzle-worthy.Good 10-15 minutes walk to the Strip ( go via Bally's as we did). Mist sprayers at the doorway.But the lobby is very nice, there are $3 craps tables and 25 ct roulette from 6-8 pm, and the happy hour was quite nice. Glass of Chardonnay, light bites, all inside the conference room to the right of Sbux.PS their King Heavenly bed was not heavenly at all. Sad to report: it was stiff as a board....shocking! I sleep on a Heavenly system often, and found this to be an outlier. White Tea and Aloe bath product line offered here. Green leaf-shaped soap. Hm.PPS Look for Albert! He knows his stuff, is so accommodating, service with a smile, and hooks the Preferred Guests up!
2	On the way back to our hotel after dinner and saw a sign that said $3 dollar craps(only during certain hours, not the whole day) which is extremely hard to find on or near the strip. The westin isn't exactly on las vegas blvd so it might be a little hard to find but it's across the street from bally's and next to bill's gambling hall which is now being renovated. We decided to stop by and play. The casino is pretty small but I was okay with the size because it wasn't so busy. If you wanted to play bj, craps, or roulette you can just walk in and play w/o waiting which is pretty cool. A lot of people associate the westin as just a hotel and not a casino so maybe that's why it wasn't so busy. Anyways, the reason I give it two stars is because I had a problem with the crap's dealer in particular a woman. She was extremely unethical and misleading. She would try to look for newbies and take advantage of them. She would help them play and at the same time tell them to put a couple dollars down thinking it's a bet that you made but what she was really doing was making bets for herself. For example, if the button was on 8 she would say give me 4 dollars to put on hard 8, but what she did was put 2 dollars on hard 8 for you and she would put 2 dollars on hard 8 for her. When the button is off she would say give me 4 dollars to put on yo (11) she would put $2 dollars for you and put $2 for herself. She was doing this throughout the whole night to this couple. I play craps a lot so I know how to bet she tried to do the same to me but I caught her and moved away so she can stop hustling me and stealing my money to make bets for herself.  She is a pretty attractive lady, she had an accent so I think she is from Europe or something. Watch out for her. She is very sneaky. You may think she is being nice and trying to help you make bets but really she is just making bets for herself. I played crap's at almost every major casino on the strip as well as the old strip and never has any dealer been this unethical and stealing money from people. I feel bad for the couple she took advantage of and all of the other customers she took advantage of. Hopefully, the pitt boss finds out what she is doing and has her stop. Out of the 4-5 dealers at the crap's table she was the only one asking money from people to place bets for herself/dealers.
4	Yes, the hotel is a touch off the strip. The positive to that? Quieter. I enjoy Vegas for hilarious people watching more so then for the gambling, so I actually enjoy that. The rooms and hotel was clean, the bed was comfortable, and the staff was friendly. The pool was a bit small, but worked just fine. Yes, some parts of the hotel could use a little freshening, but overall it was a good stay. The little rubber duck was a fun touch. The rate was quite good for the hotel as well. If you're looking for lots and lots of gambling, you're probably better off at one of the main hotels. Would definitely stay here again.
3	Expected better. It was close to The Strip and was a decent hotel, a good alternative to more expensive options nearby. But the staff ignored us and then were unhelpful, and the pool was crowded and small. Could've been a better experience.
2	Overall I was very disappointed by this hotel. Especially for a Westin. Rooms were tiny and everything seemed like it hadn't been replaced in 10+ years. Staff didn't really seem to care about anything. Room service had one person working at 10:30pm on a Saturday night and told me to go across the street to the gas station if I wanted cranberry juice. (The mini fridge was empty. And the store downstairs was out of all juices except apple.)Oh, and I agree with some of the other reviews on here. The place is full of pilots and flight attendants that act like they own the place.I would not stay here again. Even for the Starwood points.
3	Pros:-Happy hour=free beer and wine 5-6pm-Rooms are clean -Heavenly bed and shower Cons:-Long check in-Front desk agents are not very friendly-Their Starbucks in the hotel doesn't take the $5 gift card you receive when you deny room service -5 minute walk from the strip
4	I had a blast here. Great hotel. Clean. Beds are soooooo comfortable. Employees were nice. I WON money!!!!  It isn't that far from the strip, and if you don't dig the walk, the cab ride is cheap. This is a great deal.
3	I chose this hotel due to the fact that I had status with Starwood and I literally looked at the map and thought that this hotel was a good deal and that it wasn't "too far" off the strip. I arrived in Vegas with my batchelorette party and noticed the hotel is very much off the strip. It was roughly a 10 minute walk to the strip. Take this into consideration when you think you're going to walk to whatever club/restaurant/bar you want to go to and then realize you have heels on. In short, you probably won't walk from the Westin to the strip unless you're shopping or sightseeing. With that said there are homeless people begging for some change, randos wandering up and down the street tipsy or drunk and the occasional stray dog on the walk to the hotel. It can be sketchy. I dealt with both HOWEVER, I don't like people walking by you dropping cans of soda and then yelling at the top of their lungs startling you (from a really close distance) -- that'll get someone's eyes burning by that special little seasoning we love and use on foods.The hotel itself was a little slow on check in. Other than that they were very friendly. There is a Starbucks on premises that's open 24/7 -- you may want to check that out. The rooms need some updates. There is nothing wrong with the beds but the rooms need some modern features to brighten it up a bit. Ordered room service and the food turned out perfectly - I was very surprised. The rooms were dark and the bathroom should've been a bit bigger. It seems like this Westin is an older hotel so in order to attract customers they certainly need to provide this hotel with a massive facelift. I have stayed at plenty of Westin's and feel this property falls short when it comes to the modern aspects of it.When I return to Vegas I will stay closer to the strip - I love Starwoods but feel this property isn't as convenient and not as modern as some of the others that I was at.
5	I was traveling with a friend that came to visit from Taiwan and I really wanted to show her a good time. I was given a room on the 3rd floor and Mike, the VIP manager moved us to the highest floor! He was VERY nice and very accommodating, he had a smile on his face and made me felt really welcomed!The room was very clean and Valet was qucik and efficient. Starbucks is 24/7 so that's really nice. I definitely recommand this hotel when visiting Vegas!
1	The only SPG in town, but don't bother. Loyalty can only go so far. This property has eroded the Westin brand to the limit. Taking advantage of the airline crew contracts and the business meeting traffic, they are always booked to the limit and not staffed to handle it.  On my third (and last stay) I, again, didn't get a room until after 4 pm, and of course not what I requested.  I had to go search for a quiet spot to take the calls I had scheduled that afternoon.  If the place is that busy, wouldn't you hire more personnel to take care of this?  They keep stating they have a 4pm checkin time but in reality no other SPG I've stayed at ever delayed me this much. The sheets were so worn it was like sleeping in sand paper. No one cleans the gym during the day so if you get there past 9 am there are no towels, no wipes, nothing.  Aside from the SPG thing, it stands out as totally second rate compared to others on the strip. Not worth the points!
2	Platinum member. Checked in first time and got upgraded (sounds good) but there was a worker living in our room. Not joking.Second time. Walked into our room and it was 55 degrees. The air was on. But it was 50 degrees outside. Ugh. Horrible.
1	They should have called the the best western.  After booking through Expedia we were charged 21.50 per night resort fees.  We could have stayed at Aria or someplace nice!!! when we complained they said the fee pays for water, gym, spa, wifi.  The wifi was so bad and after many complaints we used our 4g hotspot.  We got one resort fee refunded.  Avoid this hotel it's outdated and too many hidden costs!
4	No, this hotel isn't the bellagio or the paris but I enjoyed it.. I experienced exceptional customer service. The pool area is pretty nice and happy hour is good. I got there on a Friday and left on a Sunday. When I got there I needed my dress steamed for an event on Saturday night. They sent someone up promptly. On Saturday around 3ish I called and asked when my dress would be back because I needed it before 6. They said they would get it to me ASAP. I went down to the pool for about 30 minutes and when I got back my dress was hanging up in my room. I do have one complaint.. Someone set the fire alarm off around 4am one night and it was soo loud. There was no fire and it took them 20 minutes or more to turn it off. The hotel is about five minutes off the strip. My husband and I don't mind walking so it was a good location and reasonably priced.
4	I would have to say I am a fan.  Here is why:* Very friendly service.  Everyone was really nice.  From the person who checked us in , to the bartender serving drinks in the casino, to the really nice person, Melissa?, behind the bar on Saturday by the pool.  Service was perfect.* It was really nice to walk into the hotel and not have to traverse an obstacle course of a casino to get to the elevators to go to my room.* a $5 Crap table I haven't seen this in years.* great location across the street from Bally's.* Extremely fair to low prices on the rooms.* a decent size room with appropriate amenities.However, I would consider it only being A-Okay because:* My room faced the street and I could hear sirens from the Police/Fire/Ambulance or whatever all night Saturday night.  (Maybe request a room not facing the street?)* It did not have the bling of a big time strip hotel (and none of the hassles).* Pool area was small (but it was just fine for what we wanted to do and they were so nice to us out there)So, overall I would say that yes, I am a fan.  And, I would certainly consider staying there the next time Vegas calls.
5	First time at this hotel and I love it here! Rooms are nice, hotel Is nice, no smoke smell, 24/7 Starbucks in lobby, got a cab right Away and most importantly they are pet friendly:)  walking distance to battistas yummy Italian restaurant.  Also walking distance to the strip.  Across the way from ballys hotel. Ill def stay here for future trips!
4	If you want the noise and congestion of the strip, long, disorienting walks to pretty much everything, surcharges on routine activities and indifferent staff...then the Westin is not for you. This is the old Maxim de Paris Hotel about a block off the strip (which is about a 1/2 mile)...away from the bright lights...but easily visible from any vantage point.The hotel is cozy and intimate by Vegas standards, about 500 rooms...the rooms are cookie cutter and comfortable...the views better on the upper floors...with great beds and decent bathrooms.Fair room rate. Complimentary breakfast, free bottled water in the room and complimentary access to gym and pool for Platinum members. The pool is small but gets great sun...PSA...the water in the pool is about 50 degrees...no joke...I think we saw icebergs forming. If you could take it for more than a minute your muscles would sieze. The hot tub was about 104 degrees...so quite a contrast.The service is top drawer...the best in Vegas by a mile...its the service that will stay with me and will keep me returning.
4	I stayed here for the Rock n Roll LV 1/2 of the Half race this past weekend. I'm an SPG Platinum, and frequently seek out SPG properties.The hotel staff were super friendly. Every encounter I had was positive.It's NOT your standard Vegas hotel. It's more like a business hotel with a casino in the lobby. Some will see this as a plus, some as a drawback. It didn't bother me, and in some ways, it was nice to have a quieter hotel.Rooms were comfortable, and standard Westin decor. Heavenly bed, double shower heads, etc. No Vegas glitz in the rooms here.You don't have to walk through a long maze to get to registration or in/out of the hotel--this was nice!This property is one block off the strip, which is about a 5 minute walk to LV Blvd. It also has easy access to the monorail at the Flamingo Hilton, which made it very easy to get around.This is definitely an airline crew hotel--you will see them coming and going all the time. It didn't impact my stay.I didn't use any of the hotel amenities (spa, pool, etc., so can't comment there). I got to meet the RunWestin crew as they were in town for the RnR race--it was a plus, but they won't be there every weekend.Bottom line: I liked this property. Depending on what you're looking for in a Vegas hotel, it may not may not work for you.
5	We stayed here the weekend of November 16th and at first I was worried because of a lot of BAD reviews.  This place was great.  We did check in with my SPG, and we had a great clean and spacious room.  If you want a room in Vegas to go away to, have a little more quiet experience within walking distance of the Strip, this is a GREAT choice.
4	I love this hotel! It's less one star because the pool is too small. They need more pool area especially in the heat. I literally spent an afternoon reading & sleeping  in bed. These are the most comfortable beds I have ever been in!!  They also sell them for $3000. I'm putting that on my Christmss list...who am I kidding, that's the price of my teenager's car. My husband would never see the logic in that but I tried!! lol
4	Not located ON the strip but its just a skip and hop walk down the street kind of located kiddie corner from Bally's Hotel and Casino.  They have a casino, spa, gift shop, Starbucks, and a restaurant that I've never ate at due to it not looking very exciting. Rooms were very nice and comfortable looking out towards Bally's or that new London Eye looking thing. Heavenly bed very comfy, double shower heads in the shower, a scale to see if you gained or lost weight. Nothing to exciting just the standard Westin basics. Outside pool and Sauna small but nicely kept.Staff is very friendly and helpful. At the casino they sometimes have games where they call a name and you get to pick a cash prize. Quite hotel good for sleeping or staying away from the crazy.
3	Having traveled a lot for work I love the Westin... but for Vegas it wasn't the best choice. Pros: if you like the Westin... it's pretty consistent, and the service is great. The bed was comfortable per usual, and having wifi included in the resort fee was great.Cons: its about a half mile walk to get to the strip, and there is currently construction along that path, so it can get annoying. Since it is not one of the major resorts (Paris/Caesars/etc.) food options are limited and you probably don't want to spend much time gambling at the hotel. Given all of that, during the time we stayed, it was also priced comparable to saying on the Strip (at Paris), so not sure why you would deal with the inconvenience if you weren't doing it for the SPG/Westin brand.
4	A lot of people criticize this hotel because it is not modern or updated like many of the new or newer hotels on the strip, and that judgment is justified. But it does not mean that this hotel is not a good place to stay. It's not as if they don't have running water or heat. It does show its age at times, but overall it is a perfectly fine place to stay. My one concern about pets proved to be unfounded. The rooms are spacious and our bed was quite comfortable. The room was clean and the service is perfectly fine. The location cannot be beat in my opinion, just minutes from the strip without all the noise and congestion. They offer free parking and internet, and the speed is pretty fast. There are enough electrical outlets to charge phones and tablets. In general, our four day stay was perfectly fine and I don't have any complaints. We had a room facing the mountains and it was a very quiet room (except for the neighbors and their absolutely obnoxious child--who brings a tiny baby to Vegas for New Year's anyway?) Plus, because it is not the strip, prices are more reasonable. I definitely would consider staying here again.
5	Enjoyed a fantastic Swedish massage at the Spa! Highly recommend this beautiful, peaceful, modern spa. Top-class staff made the experience a trip highlight!
1	Might be a good place, but if you need customer support, good luck!I had a reservation for the 7-10 of Jan booked via priceline. Arrived there only to be told at the front desk that there wasn't any reservation under my name. Unfortunately I didn't have the confirmation email from priceline at that time (months old reservation) and I figured that maybe I messed up the reservation because there was a lot going on at that time. So, I ended up (from the lobby) calling up other hotels, and finding a room in Caesars palace down the street for a reasonable price (lucky!). After the trip was done, I find that I was charged for a no-show at the Westin (surprise - they found the reservation in order to charge me...).But all that is understandable (once I figured out what had happened- read on - it was a technical issue in their system). Customer service is where it gets bad. I called to get that charge taken off and first there wasn't anyone available in the right department even though I called during customer support hours. Then I essentially got called a liar because apparently the story "doesn't make sense" because "their process wouldn't allow that to happen". Then, after promising to have a supervisor call me back, radio silence. Then on my 4th call (people not available, sent to different departments etc - but who is counting at this point), by accident I figured out that the reason why things got messed! Their system said I was supposed to get there on the 6th! Mystery solved right? Apparently not. I was asked to call priceline (even though the charge was from westin) and then after a call between priceline and westin, westin still refused to do anything essentially quoting their processes. Apparently the possibility that the process was not followed just did not strike them. I am still waiting for priceline to sort things out, and if they do not, then I will get amex to contest this charge.Lessons learned -1. Do not be nice at the front desk and raise a ruckus when you find your reservation screwed up. Otherwise they will call you a liar.2. They aren't really trying to figure out what happened, so listen carefully to every comment they make. I luckily happened to notice (on a random comment) that the dates in their system were different from my reservation date - otherwise that would never have been brought to light!3. Customer service at the westin involves making you call multiple times because of different departments not being available, or managers not being available until 10am, and managers not calling you back hours after they were supposed to.4. Customer service is happy to insinuate that you are lying, and the possibility that one of their team screwed up in not following their "process" never occurred to them. (btw, the lady who said that, didn't bother to figure out that the dates they had were wrong)5. Only bright spot here is that priceline / bookings.com customer service is awesome and kept going at it. Kudos to them.Never again Westin. You had been my go-to chain so far in my travels. Never again. And I will happily share this story with my social networks so that others might be spared your customer service.
3	Nothing spectacular about this place but for business travelers that aren't religiously opposed to being in or near a casino, it's very comfortable. Hard to classify because it's not a destination hotel nor is it a place for locals. $3 craps during happy hour is enticing but $5 rest of the time isn't bad either. The room I was in had a slanted floor and was on the small side. I felt like I was in downtown Chicago with the room that I was given. 3 reasons I'd stay again:1. It's a Starwood property.2. It's on my Company's preferred list of Vegas hotels.3. Wifi works well. I had an issue connecting. Staff connected me with their outsourced IT team. Those folks released the expired connections and voila! I was on.3 reasons I'd pass on going back :1. If I could get a similar or better rate at a Destination hotel.2. I needed to be on the Strip...walking Flamingo at night is not recommended.3. Just had to get away from gaming!Full disclosure: SPG Gold member, corporate rate used, only stayed one night, did not get to use Westin Fit...I plan to next time.
4	This hotel was great! I was a little worried looking at the other reviews on here but we had a great stay! We only travel to 4* hotels and above and this met our quality standards.Very close to the strip near Ballys, Bellagio etc. Yes there were a couple of homeless but was never a problem and no more than on the strip. This area will only improve with the amount of construction happing nearby with the big wheel.Rooms were clean, modern and quiet. No joining rooms which was a positive for us. Flat screen TV. Heavenly beds are wonderful! Shower was great! Complimentary Starbucks in the room is a nice touch. Saves a few $$.We used the pool which was small but all we needed to refresh ourselves after a big night.Only negatives are the casino was small. Apart from that I would recommend this hotel! We bidded on Priceline and won this hotel for $50 a night fri and sat! Just remember there is a $22 resort fee after tax. But still not sure any other 4* hotel near the strip could offer this price at the weekend
5	My first experience at this hotel was Blake at the front desk. He totally understands customer service and excels at making clients feel welcomed.  Bravo! Small hotel is a plus unless you don't mind walking through huge casinos to get to your room.  Stayed here for three nights and EVERY staff member pulled their weigh to make you feel welcome AND valued.  It's a LONG block and a half from the strip but I wouldn't hesitate to return.  There is a 24 hour Starbucks and restaurant Suede on site.
1	I honestly never write reviews on yelp.  But this is SOOOOOOOOOOO BAD I had to make an exception.The stay was Terrible!  TERRIBLE TERRIBLE!I knew I booked through Expedia and the rate was cheap so I didn't have much of an expectation.  But I was placed in a room in which the window looks out to the wall of the next building.Didn't think too much of it.I was sooooooooooo wrong.I didn't know what was next to the wall.  I came to find out after midnight.  It was either some construction site, or delivery place.From 12AM to 5AM, I kept hearing trucks backing into that building (beep beep beep), and then loud sound made by metals banging on ground or something.  Like either metal construction material being dropped, or containers being delivered.  I wasn't able to sleep both nights I was there.It was pure hell.I made a complaint the second night (first night... i thought it was a fluke... and honestly, second night was WAAAAAAY worse).  All they offered was to reverse one of the amenities charges.  They actually blamed me for not telling them the first night.I was like, are you *$&%^& kidding me?  I don't believe anyone would have to pay to stay there and you have the audacity to tell me that it's my fault for giving you the benefit of a doubt after the first night?I was so tired the next day.Plus the plumbing failed mid-stay.  Yeah.  WORST HOTEL STAY EVER.
3	Huge disadvantage about this place...not on the Strip.  The casino is small and usually empty.  So is there anything particular about their rooms to make up for the location problem?  No.  The room is nothing special with a very small fridge, no microwave and paper thin walls.  The only plus is the shower head.
2	Yes, the Westin still has $3 craps during happy hour, and $5 craps during all the rest of the time. But nevertheless for experienced craps players this is a terrible place to play. The reason: the dealers are not very experienced and there is no pit boss sitting at the table, so that the 3 dealers are continuously carrying on a conversation with one another. The dealers are inattentive and screw up frequently. If you like playing multiple points and are depending upon the dealers moving your come bets to your points and moving your odds to your various bets, it is hopeless. When the dealers make mistakes (which is frequently), they will slide your bet back to you (that should have been on the point that just hit) and say "sorry, I didn't year you". The frequent mistakes they make are never resolved in the player's favor, but always in the house's favor.Until they get a permanent pit boss watching over the poorly trained dealers, this is a terrible place to play craps.
1	Their bartender just refused my girlfriend a ginger ale because she didn't have ID. Terrible customer service.
5	Close to the strip... beds are comfy,, staff if very nice.   It's a bed,,, go see the sights. It's just a place to put your head down...   you didn't come to Vegas to stay in the hotel the whole duration of your trip.Smells nice,, clean and the work out room is awesome. No B.S. Hotel!! Love it
3	I am going to bump this up because of the fact that Westin got back to me after my reviews and addressed the problem by refunding me. As I said before, Westin/Starwood has been my go-to hotel for my travels, and now I think I can give it another shot.
1	The hotel is nice at first glance. But if you are sensitive to smell watch out you will be sick with massive headaches. They said it was the cleaning solution but I believe it is mildew. If you are a smoker and can't smell anything  it will be fine for you.
4	Close to the strip without it being on your doorstep. Nice pool and spa with a great view of Ceasar's at sunset. They also had a free drinks happy hour over sunset that added to that experience. All in all quite a nice place to stay.
2	I booked online thru a third party so my rate was really reasonable....the concierge was nice (Miles).  He had good suggestions and was pleasant.  Karina checked us in.  She was pleasant and she helped as much as she could.  The manager Eeaster was nice too.  She got us checked in early which I appreciated because I was tired.  The lady at the counter to check into the players club...not so nice & she kept spelling my Mom's name wrong on the card....My room....nicely kept.  It was clean...I am not a fan of the AC unit though...I like the old school ones.  The new ones are hard to moderate.  I slept comfy in my room.  I ate the cheesecake from downstairs...it was okay, but the manager Jeff at the restaurant was pleasant...Things I didn't like:The "resort fee"...the hotel isn't even located on the strip....but they do offer alot for the few extra bucks a day....water, internet, pool, spa....all the things that are already at the hotel and you have to pay extra to use them....I thought that was lightweight foul but okay....The girl at check out decided to just charge my card w/o even checking with me...that pissed me off because I wanted to pay cash...The machines paid okay....my total experience was okay....The plus side is the hotel is close to the strip...easy walking distance but they could use a shuttle service...that would be nice...but they would no doubt charge for that too....
5	Amazing nice staff!!  5:30-6:30  free happy hour with good eats and beverages. The beds are super comfy and just a walk to the strip. Plus..Really yummy Bloody's at the poolside bar.
3	We didn't stay at the Westin, but it was an extremely odd stop on our off the strip tour in search of a little bit of dirty Vegas. This place just cracked me up from the beginning. The ceiling was leaking and they had almost the entire front entrance blocked off with yellow hazard tape. The gaming area, I think they call them casinos at most places was itty-bitty and the dealers looked beyond bored with little to no action. Moving on to the bar, I suppose.How can you go wrong at a bar... any bar? You really can't, but I guess I expected a bit more quality from a place like the Westin - then again, their roof was leaking. The bartender approached us and was munching on something while asking what we wanted to drink. Keep in mind that no words were uttered during his attempt to "ask" us what we wanted, only chewing and head nods. We ordered a few shots of Jack Daniels and he took off prepare our order, and probably eat a little more. Hell, if he's eating so am I! They have bar snacks on the bar for when you play, so our lack of better judgement decided to let us indulge. I have absolutely no idea what we were eating, but they were dry, crunchy, salty and nasty - just what I needed! As my money dwindled away on the video poker machine, the snacky bartender returned (still chewing) and delivered our shots. There was a brief moment when I thought the shots may be comped due to my play on the machine until my buddy Noel spilled the entire glass of bar snacks all over the poker machine... ugh. My friends are indeed morons. Snacky then muttered "That will be forty-something dollars" as he looked at the mess in disgust. Can't say I blame him.Leaky roofs, snacky bartenders, uninterested dealers and saltly snacks = 4 stars.
2	As is the case with most Westin hotels, the rooms here are well appointed and clean.  The amenities are also very good, especially for a hotel in this price range.However the air conditioning went out yesterday (in Las Vegas, in May), and all they keep saying is it's "almost fixed."  Meanwhile, the guests are all struggling to sleep in hot conditions.  They should be up front with guests on the amount of time that it is likely to take to get the issue resolved.  Had they done that originally, I would have switched hotels yesterday.  Instead, they just keep stringing us along.  I expect more from a Westin hotel - they are usually better than this.
3	standard business hotel...
1	Much better hotels available in same price range.  To start there is only one restaurant with a limited menu.  We stayed 5 nights and were put into the "green" program where every day they did not make up the room you got a $5 coupon for the hotel- except it was only good at the hotel restaurant (as well as bar or pool lounge which served same limited menu)- not the Starbucks or in the casino.  We arrived on a Saturday night and only asked the room be made up on the Tuesday.  Tues eve we noticed the complimentary robe put in with the laundry was not replaced.  On Wednesday we were not given a $5 coupon for being "green".  We notified preferred customer desk of both these occurances and came home to find a $35 robe charge on our bill and no mention of the compensation for the additional day we did not have the room cleaned.  Also, since the casino is very small compared with  bigger hotels the cigarette smoke stench is overwhelming at all times
2	First impressions last forever. Disclosure: I'm staying here because the hotel I usually stay at was not available and it was close to my conference venue. The hotel definitely needs updating. The room is spacious though it's decor could use a huge facelift. My room seems dingy although not obviously unclean. If you're going to do white linens, they should ALWAYS be WHITE. Not off white. When the stains won't come out, it's time to replace them. And their HVAC could probably use some repair. My room feels like someone just took a shower every time I walk through the door. Mostly, it's pretty standard as far as hotels rooms go. There's no "wow" whatsoever. Even the lobby is underwhelming for an off-the-strip hotel. It's Vegas. Everything should pop!They do have a 24 hr Starbucks and a spa which is nice. Hopefully, I'll get to check them out later. The worst part is probably the loiterers out in front of the hotel parking lot. I'm familiar with East of the strip on Flamingo so I'm not taken aback or anything. (Although, the city worker peeing by the bus stop was new.) It's just bad for business to have people basically living on the sidewalk near your parking lot 24/7. As a guest and a woman, I don't feel safe. Regardless, of whether anyone would actually do me harm. The impression is that something seedy could happen to me outside the WESTIN, like possibly being flashed by a perv. That's not acceptable. The staff seems nice enough. I did place a call to the concierge last night and was places on hold for several minutes, after which I hung up. But that's about the most in terms of interaction I've had with them. Overall, with good earnest facelift, this could be something. Right now, I wouldn't stay here again when I'm in town, nor would I recommend it to anyone. I give it two stars. It's close to the strip and the rooms aren't horrible. I'll update this review again when my trip is over to keep it honest. Maybe I'll have more good reports.
2	The mini refrigerator  "Mini bar" in the rooms does not keep anything cold. I call the front desk and they say "it will only keep stuff cold if it is already cold". What kind of bull is that!
1	Terrible experience. They're being ridiculous. Rude staff. Pool area is a really sad place. Drinks ridiculously overpriced. Never staying here again.
3	We stayed here this weekend (5/30-6/1). I got the room off of hotwire so I didn't know what I was getting at first. When I first looked up the hotel on the map, I was a little bummed since I wanted to stay at a place directly on the strip. It was a little off the stip but the location was not as bad as it looked. We probably would have walked just as far staying at a hotel directly on the strip if we had to walk through the casinos. The hotel was nice, nothing fancy. They did have a happy hour which was nice, but unfortunately they were serving tacos and only had 1 meat option...pork. I don't eat pork so it was a bummer to not get any free food. Also, we were never notified during check in, that they offer a discount if we opt out of maid service by putting the sign on the door. We found this sign in the morning at around 9am, but for some reason it needed to be hung by 2am in order to qualify. That was a bummer since we still didn't use the housekeeping. Hotel staff was nice, Conciege was useless. We asked her if she had any information about day clubs and really couldn't help at all. She just rambled a couple of hotel names. but had no info and didn't really want to seek out any info either. I understand that this hotel doesn't offer clubs, but you think a concierge would have info for other establishments nearby. All in all this place was fine. beds were comfy, liked the hot tub and the fact that there was not a huge casino to walk through. This place was Ok. Not SUPER but not bad. I might stay here again.
1	The only reason I gave this hotel one star is because 0 stars are not available. I booked this hotel thru hotels.com & it's been the biggest nightmare in my life! I called for 2 weeks to change my reservation with no avail, I finally cancelled & stayed somewhere else because they never changed the dates...after 3 phone calls and 2 emails! So I ended up paying over $100 because these people can't figure out how to change a reservation! Don't use hotels.com it's a rip off!
1	I gave it a one star because it is super garbage: the casino is ghetto ( same as Compton), security bitches about noise, and the staff is super rude. Whoever gives it a 2 star or above is a staff at westin, avoid it, you're only gonna pay 30 more for MGM grand or Cosmo, why not? Honest advise is to avoid this place
5	This hotel and spa is awesome! The staff is extremely welcoming, friendly and helpful. The room was very clean and included some extra touches that make a guest feel very well treated. The Westin provides an in room coffee maker that includes Starbucks coffee pods and Tazo tea. Very nice when you first wake up. The Westin Heavenly Bed is exactly that: Heavenly! We slept great during our entire stay. We had the breakfast buffet at Suede every morning and the food was delicious.The hotel is close enough to The Strip to easily join the action that is Las Vegas and far enough away to be a refuge from it for those seeking a quiet, relaxing stay. It's the perfect "stay-cation" hotel for Las Vegas locals. We will definitely stay here again in the future.
4	The room was nice. There was some ambient noise from the street. Parking was close and easy to find. They gave us a voucher for a free breakfast buffet, which was okay.
5	Like some of the  reviews said about the homeless people sleeping by the garage I'm not totally thrown off by it simply because I've seen the same issue at the hotels on the strip! With that said I really enjoyed this hotel! It's the best kept secret for locals! My husband booked this room simply for me to be a tourist for a day and get in some relaxation time!! Babe you get 5 gold stars for this....okay back to the review. As soon as we checked in we were greeted by a young man named Shawn and he was extremely nice and helpful! He informed us that there was free happy hour by the pool for all guests and I was like no way?!?!? He proceeded to blow my mind with telling me that as guests we also had access to the steam room and sauna located in the spa! You don't have tell me twice! After my workout I treated myself to the amenities! We also enjoyed a nice dinner at Suede the restaurant, well my husband and daughter did....because I was on a cleanse I had the very tasty asparagus! I can't wait to come back where I can actually partake in drinks, food, and more relaxation! This hotel actually considers locals as part of Las Vegas! That is a big deal to me...most hotels on the strip only caters to tourists and it's a bit annoying! Thanks Westin for remembering us!
2	I've stayed in Westin Berlin. Westin Paris and other Westin properties. This is DEF not one of them. They could have done better. The first impression is the dirty elevators that are tore up and marked up with scuffs and dents and graffiti. The room was actually decent and the service was standard. The only thing that really pissed me off about this stay was the unwarranted, unfair resort fee they charged overnight without authorization and without telling us about at check in. They charged nearly $50 for a resort fee (for two nights) that they claim was to pay for valet, wifi and steam room.... all three of which I never used.  Why should I pay for something I never used and why would this hotel authorize themselves to my money without my consent?? Perhaps there is fine print at check in but this should have been pointed out upon check in and not charged without approval or knowledge from me as a guest. Also, I called the hotel for reservation and they quoted me 249 per night. I asked them if that was the best rate and they said they were fully committed for the night so this was the last room and that was the rate. I went online to some mass hotel rsvp site and booked the reservation for $149.... I guess that "last room rate" they quoted me on the phone was for special idiots.
3	I stayed here last year on a trip to Vegas with my daughter.  It was ok, no real complaints.   Room was decent, the pool was just OK and the drinks were a bit pricey.  It wasn't right on the strip and not one of my favorite Vegas hotels.
5	The bed was HEAVENLY! After walking along the strip all day, we were more than ready to relax in a soft bed. Some of the other hotels have great bedding disguising a hard bed, but not The Westin...seriously this bed was great! We loved the Starbucks in the lobby and the hotel's central location (behind Bally's). The staff was helpful and friendly and had great suggestions for activities and dining. The only downside was the numerous homeless people around the garage. I was afraid to go out by myself because they were pretty aggressive. However, this seems to be true of any strip hotel.
2	Worn out. Smelly. Terrible room service. Casino has zero vibe. Was attending for a meeting. Breakfast consisted of strange powered eggs.
2	I've seen better. For a Hotel with there standard and the lack of cleaning for the maid service is shitty.I called down for house keeping to come and clean my room she said they didn't clean it?  I told her no what time do they usually clean your room she said before 4pm, I told her well i just got to the room and its 4:35pm right now she apologized and said ill send someone right up. I went to the gym for a little over an hour after the phone call, when i got back to the room The beds were made. thats all nothing more just the beds. they didn't empty the trash or replace the towels that were on the floor just made the beds. Horrible House keeping.The rest of the Hotel seemed pretty nice the Gym was clean and had Fresh fruit and cold towels when you were done working out.The casino is a lose lose situation here you'll never win,not even come up a few dollars. Maybe its my luck at the table but for my entire party of 28 people to have the same luck is a little strange.As an SPG member id look else where...
5	Max Casino located in The Westin Hotel.The friendliest casino in town! Great atmosphere! 10 times odds on dice! $3 craps and blackjack between 6pm and 8pm! Dealers will teach you how to play games. This should be the locals hang out! Nicest casino near the strip! Small and intimate. There is nothing fake about this casino, and the dealers are encouraged to be happy - A change indeed!
4	This hotel was a great deal I got on Hotwire. Exactly what I wanted, great view clean bed clean bathroom friendly staff. They even have a 24 hour starbucks gotta love that. They have some slot machines and couple card game for the gamblers. Location is also great in the center strip so I can explore both of north and south. Overall I highly recommend it, but if only they had a bigger pool.
5	Stayed here for 2 nights and while it's not perfect, it's not as bad as the yelpers are saying. Upon arriving the hotel staff was very friendly and informative. I was aware of their stupid fee they tack on but at least they give you a happy hour, free wifi and steam room. When I stayed at ballys they charge me the fee and also wanted to charge me for wifi.The rooms were super clean and the bed is super comfy. The rooms were cleaned on time when we requested and I have had no problems with the staff.The casino is small. Yes! This is not a place you want to gamble a lot but it's enough to call it a casino.The location is good. It is a 5 minute walk to Ballys and it is close to the strip.The happy hour is okay. Pork tacos and veggies. Get there early around 7pm.I have not had my stuff stolen and overall it is a good hotel. I wish the ice buckets were bigger. Overall it is very friendly and clean.
4	While I do typically prefer on-strip hotels, this bad boy is a great alternative. It's located on the corner of Koval and Flamingo and is just a quick walk up the street to the heart of the strip. I like that the rooms are non-smoking and the lobby only has a small casino, so you're not doused with too much second-hand smoke when you walk through. The rooms are always clean, and the patrons aren't too rowdy. And of course, there's the lovely Heavenly Bed. Le sigh...
5	I'd stay here again in a heartbeat. Can't beat the price, quick walk to the strip, and SMOKE-FREE! I can't tell you how much of a difference it makes to stay in a smoke-free resort, wow!Room was spotless, amazing bed, robes, and great bathroom. 24 hr Starbucks in Lobby. Front desk staff was very polite and professional. Great rates as well, like I said - I would stay again!
3	Just returned from weeks stay for a wireless convention. Casino area is small - that is ok by me because I am not a big gambler and I find the other hotels casino area over whelming since you have to walk threw them all the time to go anywhere. Check in - well for me went poorly. Arriving at 530pm and 2 people ahead of me for a check in who were with staff. I standing in line waiting to be served had to wait for more than 25 minutes. This would be acceptable because the other to staff members were being catered to..However, there were more staff behind the desk doing absolutely nothing.  Now, if they were not the 'staff' to check people in they get out behind the desk. If you were then shame on you for making guest wait..Actually the staff at the concierge's area came over to me at 25 minute mark and asked me if they could at least get me a water or at least help me with something....In my eyes this check in process needs to be looked atRooms - we had a king size bed that over looked the high roller (back side of the hotel). The bed were comfortable, clean room, small fridge - great for water bottles, bathroom clean and well equipped with what you need. The only thing wish they had 2 bath robe not one..But you can always call to get another one.There is a safe in the room - it didnt work for us and we didnt report it either..but is ok cause we didnt need it.House Keeping - didnt need it much cause we had the do not disturb be sign up all the time, but every morning we had a bag with a bottle water, and coffee and supplies hanging from our door.I did however called house keeping and ask if possible if we could have a case of water in our room. Without any question or hesitation they brought up a case for us,and they didnt charge us for it. Now this taking care of your customer.Pool - is small and quite as for the action there. But the lounge chairs are wooden with warn out pads and well when you go to move them be careful. My fingers got jammed/wedged in between the back rest and well caused damaged to a couple of my fingers as I found out after I got home. Not good for a massage therapist...Some nights or maybe all the nights they have free munchies & drinks..it is great for pre social gathering for the night.Location - yes it is not on the main strip however it is position perfectly right in the middle of off the strip...Restaurant - they have one but did not eat at itHave car rental on location - I didnt need itStarbucks on site and visited that oftenOver all I would stay here again very please with everything...
3	Nice hotel, very clean, and reasonable.  The only concerns I have have were the lack of an airport shuttle and the breakfast at the restaurant is pretty bad at any price, but definitely not worth the $20 for the buffet.  Nice hotel just get a ride there and eat somewhere else.  Only 1.5 blocks from the strip walking past a few bums and a working girl or 2!  But, that's everywhere in Vagas!!!
2	Some aspects of this hotel are great.  It is slightly off the strip, although you can easily walk to the strip.  But because it is off the strip, there is less foot traffic here.  The entire hotel itself is not as smoke-infused as others, which I appreciate.  It's great that I don't have to have a constant headache from second hand smoke, as I get sometimes at other hotels.  This hotel is also quieter since it's not a "party hotel". Although the hotel has outdoor parking rather than the huge structures that the more popular hotels have, it's hotter to go outside BUT you don't have to walk forever to get to your car.The odd things about this hotel is that one sign in the lobby says the hotel is smoke-free, but then the bar has ash trays and matches.  SO you can smoke in the bar in the hotel.  I know it is a symptom of being from California, but I don't think that I'm spoiled for asking for clean air.  The odd thing was that when we turned on our cold water for too long in our room's sink (and I'm not talking that long - just long enough to wash your face), the pipes start to make an annoying loud noise. You have to turn the water off, then back on to get rid of the noise.They do have Wifi here, although on the 16th floor where my room was, it did not work.  It seems like the top floors have some issues with it.  I don't mind it too much, but if my husband was with me, he'd be annoyed since my Verizon service seemed to not function on the 16th floor as well.The AWFUL part, which I did not experience, was my friend had to take a VERY cold shower on our last day here. She called down to complain about it, but really got nothing out of it besides a comment that they were aware of the issue.  I'd knock them down another star if that happened to myself.
2	As a fellow Starwood employee I will keep it short. I don't think I would stay here again. The best thing about this hotel is the valet staff. There are too many desks to know which one to check into. The person who checked me in didn't acknowledge any of my requests. The only request they did accommodate was the one away from the elevator. They put us aaaaaaall the way down the end. No crib. I asked for low floor they put us on the 10th. I asked for a fridge & when I went into the room I thought there was none. So I called for them to deliver it. We found it in the cabinet upon check out. And the best part? The floor was crooked! I felt like I was sinking. So that's it.
2	Stayed here two months ago on a get away for my anniversary. My boyfriend and I are not super big partiers but figured an affordable vacation to Vegas to see some shows and have fun was in order. We got to the hotel and it wasn't too far off of the strip which was great. Our room was decent. But we had the strangest thing happen, and were not happy with how it was handled. We picked up some things to drink on the way to the hotel. There's a key to lock your fridge, which we had a bottle of vodka in and some beers and we didn't lock it. We came back to the room on our second day there, after only having two or three drinks out of the bottle, we opened up the fridge to find that it was almost empty. This was after our room had been cleaned. It wasn't like this was expensive alcohol but we decided to let the front desk know. You would think they would want to know if someone that works for them may be drinking on the job or taking anything in general. After we let them know the next time we opened the fridge on the next day (also after housekeeping had come) we noticed the vodka all of a sudden had doubled. We let them know it had been tampered with again and then they sent up a security person to our room. Now, I can understand that 99.9% of the time people probably drink it and forget and complain because it's Vegas...and that happens. But that was not the case, I was that .1%. The response we got from the security guy is that we had drank the alcohol and we just forgot, and he said that multiple times. I did NOT appreciate that. It may be silly but that's telling me I'm a liar. We were not asking for anything free, and I am still un-amused by that response. They offered us a free breakfast after we first had mentioned it to them which was lovely...until we got back later in the day and they had messed with it again.  Had we even the littlest doubt that we may have drank it we would not have been complaining. Maybe you have a housekeeper that likes to drink on the job...ever think about that? Won't be back. All it took was an interest in the issue we were having and not telling us it was our fault and it would've been just fine.
5	Well kept secret.... Take lunch at the quiet pool bar/bistro at the Westin Las Vegas...2nd floor.... Quiet laid back and very friendly barman, Richard, who will totally look after you! They have an excellent chef right now... And the lunch menu by the pool features a killer burger(split it unless you are really hungry!).... And my fav is the Chicken Fontina sandwich (best I've had)... Will take pic of menu with this review.... Enjoy!!
2	Lets just say for a few dollars more you can find a deal at cosmo or another much better hotel. This place is great for one night at $99. Any more its not worth it. I was at cosmo for 3 nights and here for one. I wish that cosmo had another night avail. No comparison. Also, as a guest in cosmo, mgm, the cromwell etc you get vip treatment at that club there! That is about the same savings as the room charge! Also, the area at the westin is SEEDY, feels unsafe, sidewalks are torn up. Long walk to the strip as well. Go elsewhere!!!!
4	I love any Westin hotels, the beds are heavenly and the rooms are well equipped. I never have any complaints when staying at a Westin. One of the great things about this hotel is that from 6pm -7pm there is a pool side happy hour even though it's free make sure you tip the bartenders :-)
4	This review is about their CONFERENCE facilities.If this is OFF STRIP, you should expect cheaper day rates.NOT HERE.AIRLINE PERSONNEL WELCOME ONLY.All the rest, pay surcharge.I attended a business conference here earlier in the year.Previously, I have attended business and sales training conferences at some of the best world class hotels on Las Vegas Blvd's world's famous STRIP.Not here.The hotel is nice and clean.  They charge very high room rates as compared to elsewhere nearby because they have special booking with airline staff.Nice restaurant.Nice bar.Great free parking like it should be in Las Vegas. Really nice feature is the parking lot is right out front.  Unlike the massive hotel properties ON STRIP where you have to park and walk quite a schlep to the hotel.  That adds about 15 minutes to your day, possibly your morning. Here it's just a few brief minutes jaunt from the parking lot into the lobby.The conference venue was filthy after the hotel staff was done with it.Tiny waste paper baskets when what was needed should have been a massive trash bin.The chairs, while comfy, were filthy with someone else's chip and lunch.  All over the chairs and underneath.Take Note When Booking Your Conference Here:No worries.  They only vacuum this room once a week whether it needs it or not. You will need to empty the too small trash bins yourself 3x a day.Food courts: Go across the street to the better hotels.
3	Disappointing as a Westin property. We came for a 50th Birthday celebration (event was not at the this property)  We are Westin timeshare owners & love the services & atmosphere of their properties. The rooms are pretty standard. The restaurant is nice for the breakfast buffet -our kids ate for free - $21 for adults. The pool area is nice, if small. My wife enjoyed a nice facial treatment at the full service "Hibiscus Spa". (look for an online coupon). I think Westin & SPG should really consider making the entire facility smoke free - The Westin & Starwood brands cater to families, fitness, & business; not the typical Las Vegas visitor.  They wouldn't lose a single customer if they changed the policy. The gaming area appears to be almost an afterthought, one more reason to make the whole place smoke free. I am unlikely to return to this property when I come back to Las Vegas.
5	I cannot say enough good things about this hotel!  We checked in and were immediately upgraded to the best available room, the front desk sent chocolate covered strawberries and a bottle of champagne for our anniversary, and shortly thereafter we enjoyed the hotel's free (for guests) happy hour poolside (Yes including food and drinks).  The room itself is beautiful, big king size bed and a lovely view south down the strip.  We've been treated like royalty since we arrived.  The casino is small, but well laid out. We plan on spending a little money there later. Also looking forward to their amazing breakfast buffet in the morning. I can't say enough good things about this hotel so far!
4	Left The Linq & went to The Westin...so thankful for this hotel. I love it here, always easy & always a pleasure...Wish I spent my entire trip here.
5	Great hotel.  Great service!  Beautiful pool.  The location is awesome.  You get off Strip prices but you are literally a block from The Strip and a short walk to Paris and Bellagio etc... The location was central and ideal--  easy access to just about everything you would want to do in Las Vegas.  For those who gamble-the lobby casino (and that's not my thing) seemed small and not heavily used.
5	I travel thru Las Vegas frequently.  As a SPG Gold Member I always look for a Starwood Property to stay.  This Westin never disappoints.  I really enjoy the convince of this property.  The check in is effortless and the  staff are fantastic.  The rooms are very Westin and the Heavenly Beds are AWESOME.  I am really happy with this resort.  I agree with the past comment about making it a smoke free facility.  Otherwise for sure a 5 star review.Thank You SPG.
1	I had a family/friend connection who got me a friend rate on a room at this hotel in Vegas for my bachelorette party.  I thought i was holding 5 rooms and when my guests checked in they could switch the hold to their credit card.   little did i know...they charged me 5 times for 155.00 on my credit card - CHARGED, not HELD.  When i called customer service they guy gave me the runaround and said it should actually be my quoted rate 119.00/night x 5 then said i needed to speak to billing.  Called back to speak to billing.  The girl was so rude.  She said they actually charge the first night in advance because they have an issue with people canceling their rooms.  I said - according to the email i received, i have up until 2 nights before to cancel, after that point maybe i should be charged, but not until then.  She told me there was nothing she could do and didn't offer to review it with a supervisor.  When i said i'd cancel the reservation there was no questions on why and no way to repair the situation, they just lost a customer for life.  Horrible customer service and no attempt to solve the problem.  Never using this hotel again.
3	Overall, I had a good experience at the Westin Las Vegas Hotel and Casino. My friends and I were taking a quick weekend trip in Vegas and we stayed at the Westin the first night.We arrived in the middle of the afternoon and we spent the rest of the day on the Strip - so we really only spent our time at the hotel to sleep and shower. Upon check-in, the front desk clerk was very kind and helpful. Our room was in good condition and met our basic needs. Our room didn't have a great view however, that is fine as we didn't spend much time in our room.We didn't go to any of the bars or restaurants in the hotel nor did we use any of the amenities (spa, pool, gym, etc.) but I will say that the casino portion of the hotel was really small - therefore, I suggest going somewhere else for gambling. Also, the hotel is off the strip. It's a 10 minute walk to the strip.If you're looking for a basic hotel, I suggest going to the Westin. However, I would stay somewhere on the strip to be closer to the fun stuff.
5	Remodeling has been finished and its a nice place that has contemporary new rooms and non smoky interior hotel (they pump green tea infusion into the air and it smells great!)  Very well renovated and my go to hotel now since many of the other hotels have no ventilation system for cigarette smoke or haven't renovated in a few years. Service is friendly, Excellent Hotel!
4	I returned to the Westin Las Vegas for the 2014 Rock n Roll Half Marathon and had another positive experience. My SPG Platinum status was once again recognized and it felt like the team went above and beyond (extra water, premium floor, etc.). As I mentioned in my previous review, this isn't like the big iconic Vegas hotels, but the location, ease of getting in and out, and friendly service make it work for me. This time I did use the hot tub... Really appreciate that it's available 24/7. The Rock n Roll LV races are at night, and we didn't get back to the property until midnight. Even though it was late, towels were still stocked (and we were reassured when we called to inquire that if towels were not there, we could call and they would bring them). The hotel is updated to current Westin standards, including the new shower heads. This is one of the race hotels, which is nice. Rock n Roll things to note:- You will have to go a couple of miles to the start line... The monorail was super backed up this year (leave EARLY... much earlier than you think) and will still end up walking a lot before you even start. - The half and full marathons end in front of the Mirage. LV Blvd is closed until close to midnight, so if you stay here, you will either encounter a very spendy cab ride (that goes around the closures) or will need to walk about half a mile back to the property from the end of the finishers chute (it looked further... Will know for next year!)
5	Nice hotel love the location. The casino is great not too much hustle and bustle. Clean rooms and for being platinum members we got a nice view.
5	We stayed 4 nights here for our 25th anniversary.   We weren't sure what to expect since reviews are all over the place.  We got in early around 10 and they were able to check us in early and put us on 16th floor. The beds were really comfy. The pillows were great I usually don't like hotel pillows. It had a frig you could put stuff in a liquor store close by.  Walking distance to strip. One block away. The gift shop is really cute too.My husband liked playing blackjack here the best. He said dealers were really nice. Would definitely stay again.
4	They have the best bed in las vegas. It's not in the strip but it is close to the strip.  I would stay here again.  This hotel is better than flamingo, harrahs, ballys, tropicana, new york new york.
1	Abysmal - service, internet, everything. Biz travelers beware!If I could give zero, or negative stars, I would. At this hotel you are treated like a nuisance from check-in to check-out.Let me back up and say I'm an SPG loyal and I've really enjoyed staying at Westin's and other SPG properties business and personal travel. This hotel, and particularly the front desk and the "service express" employees, are a stain on the SPG and Westin brands. Never again. SPG should be ashamed of itself. As a business traveler there are two things I rely heavily on when I travel,: a decent internet connection (so I can work), and a decent night's sleep (so I can work). This Westin is suitable for neither, and the experience I had with their "service express" line is the worst customer service I have ever encountered. Rude, patronizing, impatient and entirely uninterested and unwilling to help. It would be an amazing case study, a la the Comcast debacle, if it wasn't so infuriating and shocking (given it's SPG which typically goes above and beyond). A word about the "free" internet. It doesn't work at all. Good luck getting connected, and if you do, good luck not getting kicked-off the server. Connecting on any device (laptop, phone, tablet) requires a phone call to service express to get connected to an outsourced tech support service. This happened EVERY SINGLE TIME, and is 10-15 minute process. Should successfully navigate that process you'll find the connection laughably slow and you'll likely loose connectivity sooner rather than later. I've never had this problem before and it completely shut down my ability to work. A co-worker and I attempted to meet in the restaurant and our inability to connect via the lobby or guestroom networks was embarrassing and completely ruined our productivity. There is no option to pay for a higher-speed connection. Other cons: The walls are thin and non-biz travelers are loud; nothing to be done here except put in earplugs and pray you hear the alarm. Everything feels used and abused; I've never seen a Westin with such frayed towels, worn carpet and title, chipped furniture, doors and walls. The lobby, bar, restaurant, Starbucks all reek of second-hand smoke due to the casino that swallows everything. Not an aroma I appreciate first thing in the morning, while I'm dining, or anytime really. Pros: The service in the restaurant is great. Perhaps the only positive of staying at this property, and not enough to make me return.
5	This hotel is extremely underrated. The beds are comfortable. The room comes with free bottled water and HD flat screen. There are hypoallergenic pillows and blankets. I got a late checkout at 3pm (crazy late).  There's a 24 hour Starbucks in the lobby. Relative to other options near the strip, there's few that are this clean (and none this affordable). I am sensitive to fragrances, pet dander, mold and the karmic ghosts of failed gamblers. The Westin is thankfully free of all these things. Sure, there are fancier places in town that are just as clean, but the cost of those places are triple. Pro tip: this place is crawling with flight attendants and pilots, and it is a target-rich environment, for those who are on the prowl. What else... there's a small casino on the first floor, with a friendly roulette table and a William Hill sports book. Some would see that as a negative, I like that you have to get out of your hotel to have adventures, and that there is a quiet refuge when you are done with all that mess. The Bally's and Paris are within easy walking distance. Long story short, the Westin is my go to hotel in Vegas.
5	It's been 3 years since I've been back to Las Vegas and also this hotel. Being a SPG GOLD member, I've always had a pleasant experience. I was surprise to read some of the negative reviews, but went with an open mind, since we all have our own opinions on what our expectations are. Upon arrival, I noticed the remodeling happening in the lobby bar, which no big deal, the front desk check in by Sean was amazing. He was very thorough, read my notes about a quiet room away from the elevator and no children next to our room. Unfortunately our room wasn't going to be ready, but gave me the option to be on a SPG level or the 5th floor, since we weren't in a hurry to go to our room, I told him, we'll wait. Once our room was ready, a prompt phone call to my cell letting me know after an hour was great. We had a beautiful room at the end of the floor level, which was quiet and was facing the ferris wheel, which lit up at night, but after being out all night, the last thing you want to do is walk another 5 miles to your room at 2:00 in the morning, the good news though is having the SPG GOLD status, let's you have a late check-out at 4:00, which was much needed to sleep. LOL!!
4	I am writing this review as I am staying at the Westin. Firstly, this Westin is not as swanky as those I am familiar with (Charlotte and Atlanta), but that's totally fine. For the price it's great!- small, but friendly and unpopulated casino- good room layout - feels like a small town hotel- happy hour!- empty sports book! I usually stay on the strip, and it's been quite refreshing to stay off the strip here at the Westin. I recommend it.
4	I was really pleased with our experience here.  The beds were so comfortable, they had this great service where you could rent gym gear and they had a great breakfast buffet and free happy hour! True it is not a full blown casino, but I really liked that.  It was a little quieter and nicer than the average hotel on the strip and they had a pool that's open 24 hours, which is awesome.... not that I went to it in the middle of the night, but it was nice to have the option.  Also, it was close to the strip and a quick walk to pretty much anything you might want to check out.  Everyone we encountered here was really nice and the craps dealers were super patient when I had no idea what I was doing. I would definitely stay here again.
4	We have stayed here every year for the past 4 years at least one night while visiting relatives for the holiday. I have stayed at many Las Vegas hotels - from Mandalay Bay to New York New York. This is by far my favorite for location, style and price. In addition as a Starwood reward member I get points for future reduced or free stays! The small casino does not bother me since I do not gamble. The business center is wack $5 for 8 minutes on the computer and printing one page! I did get a free fax so I should not complain... 24 hour Starbucks is a plus and convenient location to our favorite breakfast spot- Ellis Island. I have had a few spa services and overall I have been satisfied. I do not like crowds so this place is perfect.  Will come back!
1	Staff are very nice, management fails to provide adequate training and delivers abysmal customer service.  Duty managers acknowledged error on hotel's part, but don't have authority to correct. GM won't take time to address. WiFi and cable are very bad and breakfast buffet is uninspired with no omelet option
2	As a platinum Starwood member, my preference is always the Westin brand. This hotel is the worst Westin we have ever stayed in. It is very old and rundown. Everything is stained, including the single robe in the room. Layers of dust and dirt all around the edges of the room and furniture. They definitely do not thoroughly clean the rooms. Seems like a quick turn to get rooms turned over. Bathroom is very old but does have lots of counter space. The bathroom door seems like it expanded because it takes a good push to open or close it, making it very loud and disturbing especially in the middle of the night. Westin's are known for their Heavenly beds and this bed is not a Heavenly bed!  This is probably my biggest disappointment as I just wanted to have a good night of rest. Struggled to get air flow in the room. Had a horrible time sleeping at night. TV was not working well. Not sure if this is the satellite feed issue because of a storm or if the system just kept rebooting itself. The only reason why I did not give them one star is because room services for breakfast was surprisingly good. They delivered the food quickly, it was still hot, great portion and tasted great. My husband and I split the turkey and egg tacos. The hotel is also in a great location close to the strip. I do not recommend this hotel and will not return. So disappointing!
5	My 5-star rating is not for unbeatable service like you'd normally think of for hotels, but rather an overall rating including convenience. Here's why...1) Location. This may seem odd because it's not directly on the strip. It's one street back between Linq Lane and Koval (on Flamingo). But that's why I love it. Traffic on the strip is a nightmare, but easy on Koval. We came here for New Year's Eve, where the strip is shut down to traffic between 6pm-3am. We got to celebrate in the heart of the strip and easily walked back to our hotel in a few minutes without hassle. It's close enough to walk to restaurants like Mon Ami Gabi, but also conveniently across the street from cheap eats at the Bally's food court. Also, if you are in a North room, it has a gorgeous view of the High Roller.2) It's a hotel that has a small casino, not a big casino that has rooms on top.I've tried most of the big Vegas hotels, and I'm tired of the long awkward walk through the casino when you arrive and leave. Everyone's dressed up playing poker and I'm in "comfy house attire for a long drive". I have hat hair, am poorly balancing my luggage and pillow, and generally look like crap. Here, you come out of the parking garage and within steps the first thing you see is the hotel registration desk without first having to endure a quarter mile of stares and cigarette smoke. I don't gamble but like Vegas for other reasons, and it's nice to have a more regular hotel where my goal is to actually go to sleep.3) Parking.Easiest parking experience ever in Vegas - got one of the first 20 spots in the self-park structure every day and didn't have to walk far. It just doesn't seem that crowded here. This is in contrast to the mega garages where it can take 15-20 minutes to find a spot before your long walk in.4) Workout gear for $5.They rolled out a new program where you can borrow New Balance shoes and clothing for $5 for your entire stay, so you can pack lighter. This is great for me on future business trips, when I only have a suit and dress shoes, and therefore can never utilize the workout room. Also, you get to keep the socks, which sounds more hygienic and makes it a great value.5) Service.Although it wasn't unusually awesome, the staff I encountered seemed fine. I like the heavy blanket/comforter and the rainfall shower head.Cons:1) Wifi is okay but disconnects frequently and you have to refresh that one page on your phone browser to reset it.2) Although the Starbucks downstairs is convenient, everything is twice as expensive as normal.3) Something was weird with the heater and freezing air blowing out of the vent by the window.Overall, we really enjoyed this Vegas hotel experience for the above reasons. Special note: When you book with SPG points, the resort fee is waived.
2	This place has a great location, the rooms are decent, and it is cheap! But there's a reason why the Westin has some terrible reviews.If you're looking for an economical stay, buyer beware -- they advertise that there is 'free' internet but there is a mandatory $20/night charge for 'high-speed' internet. Now, a review.1) Location (4.5/5).  While Westin is not on the strip, it was only a short 8 minute walk to the Flamingo. Fantastic location and on the middle of the strip too.2) Amenities (1/5). BE AWARE! This hotel charges $20/night for amenities and made no effort to tell us what they were (happy hour in the lobby, for example).  Considering we were there for 4 nights, the extra $80 for amenities which we were not informed of was pure robbery. The only perk I did appreciate was that they gave us complimentary water (if you can call that a perk).3) Rooms (3/5). The rooms are solid, clean, but seem pretty old. I've stayed at over 10 hotels on the strip and these are by far one of the most basic rooms i've stayed at.  Oh yeah, the shower isn't hot. Nothing wrong with that, but for the price point you could really do better.4) Starwood Upgrades (0/5).  We were here with a few starwood preferred guest members who stay at this Westin Las Vegas every year. When they choose the upgrade option, they have NEVER gotten the upgrade, so Starwood Members beware. I was told that there were very few suites in the hotel so it is next to impossible to get an upgrade at this hotel.5) Entertainment (1/5). There's a small casino with a few tables and a mediocre restaurant. Not bad, but we had to go elsewhere for all our entertainment. Other complaints:- Both of our keycard deactivated on New Years eve. Imagine having to drunk stumble back to the front desk to get it reactivated. The service desk was apologetic, so points to them.- There was NO HOT WATER in the shower on our first day.  We had just flown in and had a dinner reservation at Joel Robuchon and needed a shower before this special occasion, so I was pretty upset when the water was cold.  When I called front desk about this, they were very unhelpful. Overall, I would not recommend this place to anyone - there is just too much wrong with it. I hate giving bad reviews, but avoid this place if you can.
1	Beware! $20 + tax additional "Amenity Charge". I'm sure they add this so that it looks like the Westin is a cheaper place to stay, so make sure you add this into consideration of the listed daily rate when you check @ Priceline, or other online search engines. I picked it because it appeared to be more reasonably priced for it's location. After the add on service fee, the price was pretty much the same as hotels closer to the strip.The price for this extra fee isn't anywhere until you checkout. It was mentioned on my booking info, but no actual price or mention of it at check in. It should have been explained then, as apparently there is also a free happy hour, but no one at check in bothered to mention that either, nor did I find that info anywhere in the room. This is pretty funny, the first night we stayed the hot water wasn't working in our room, neither the shower or the faucet. When I called down to ask about it, I kid you not the person who answered literally said it was the first time he had ever heard someone complain about the lack of hot water. I can only assume it was his first day on the job, as he then suggested having an engineer come to the room to see what was the issue (maybe he thought we didn't know which way to turn the faucet??). Other than that, the room was ok, nothing special, no view except for the parking lot across the road. It's off the strip, so you should also know there may be a wait to get a taxi anywhere.Overall, it would be difficult for me to recommend this hotel again.
