3	Cool idea in theory, and the only drive in in the Valley, I'm pretty sure.however, the quality and service around here is kinda poor. You get two movies for the price of one, which is nice, if you can sit in your car that long.they've scrapped the sound box, and you just tune your radio to the right station, so you better have a working antenna. your best bet is to take a truck or SUV that you can lay the seats down, pile the kids or dogs and blankets in and go in your pajamas. of course, as teens we would also sneak in beers, but i'm sure that's frowned upon officially.
2	What a disappointment. This place had such potential to be so completely rad and then blew it. First off, the sound is not good. This is a major distraction. You never realize how important sound is to a movie until you see one here and piece together that lack of sound is very much of a problem. Sure, it's nice to be able to sit in the privacy of your own vehicle, but that is a fringe benefit of any drive in. Let's not give them credit for reinventing the wheel here, folks. The movies they play are generally bad, with some exceptions, but maybe that has unfairly shaded my perception of this place. I saw Clerks 2 here, sadly, and in the process lost my once undying adoration for Kevin Smith. To no fault of the theater (let's not kill the messenger, in this instance) but I feel like being served bad news is one thing, but the poor quality of the theater itself made it like bad news in a distasteful, slap in the face sort of way.
4	This place could definitely use an extreme makeover, but I'm still giving it a good rating because it's the only drive in movie in the area!Every time I come here I feel like I'm in that scene in Grease. And Literally the facility was probably put together in the fifties as well, keep that in mind!Bring a good car because those become your seats, have a radio because those will become your speakers, and hey bring what ever else you want because you can get away with it here! It's best to come at night unless you want to run your air conditioning through an entire film! Another plus besides bringing all the food and beverages you want is you will see two movies for the price of one!
4	It needs a little attention, some refurbishing and a debit card machine.  Other than that though you can't beat paying 6 bucks a person for two movies.  Plus, you can bring whatever food and drinks you want, and get more comfortable than you can in an indoor movie theatre.
4	In desperate need of renovation, but this place still manages to function. The bathrooms are gross and concessions are a joke. Bring your own stash of junk food from a convenience store and you're good. You can sit outside of your car in lawn chairs, you can sit inside your car facing forwards, you can face backwards and sit in the back of your hatchback or SUV and lay down. It's a different experience than going to a regular theater. It sucks in the summer - obviously. The lots are pretty dusty, so expect your car to get a little dusty. You can sneak people in under a blanket in the back seat and not have to pay if you're a cheapass... They give you radio stations to tune to instead of a little box to hang on your window like they used to back in the day.If something doesn't work, they give you a refund. If your battery dies, they give you a jump. You can see a double feature - an older movie (from a month or so ago) and a newer one (brand new release within the last few weeks). They sometimes have two showings, so you can go see two, then drive to a different lot and see two more - if you plan it right. I've done that before... it's a lot of movies, but sometimes you just haven't had enough time to roll around in the back of your station wagon making out with that chick... It's fun and something everyone should do at least once.  Make a group thing of it and bring some weed or beer or other booze and drugs. Bring a hooker - everything goes. Keep in mind, sometimes people bring kids and people will smoke in their cars near you. People also will bring dogs and let them roam around sometimes.
2	A few weeks ago a friend and I were discussing the drive in and admitting to each other we hadn't been since high school. Hi on nostalgia we decided to go see Forgetting Sarah Marshall at the Scottsdale Six. I have to admit I was pretty excited when I was packing wine, bruchetta and kettle corn to take to the movies. I was also excited to hear the cover was only $6 a person. That cheap and you can bring your own food and booze? I was ecstatic.That excitement lasted all the way to us pulling up to the booth to pay our way in and discovering it is a cash only Theatre. No worries, they have an ATM inside so we park the jeep, go inside and pull out cash - so now our $6 cover just went to $10 with the ATM fees. We're still feeling pretty good (although a little irritated that it wasn't posted anywhere they don't take debit).We found a spot and much to our dismay were surrounded by screaming kids twirling around glow sticks on strings. We looked everywhere but there was no "adult" zone.. Still no worries, I'm sure once the movie start their parents will control them right? WRONG. Those kids ran around like banshees the entire movie. What could be worse? Let me continue. All through the movie people were still driving around and around looking for a spot and covering everyone else in dust. We had another couple pull in next to us, very close to us (although there was spots everywhere). We looked over and saw they had no children so we thought we were in the clear - WRONG. They pulled out cigars and smoked them the entire movie. At this point after drinking half a bottle of wine, and inhaling smoke for most of the night I headed of to the bathroom. WOW disgusting, I had seen cleaner and better smelling bathrooms at truck stops - seriously atrocious!So here's my review - The idea of still having a drive in is pretty cool, the overall experience leaves much to be desired.
4	This place is what it is a drive in movie theatre. I grew up in south Scottsdale and have been here many times. It has always been rundown but its located on the Pima indian reservation so one can't expect much. I read in one review that the audio was bad. Well it is a drive in movie theatre so don't go there to see something that needs to been seen on the Imax or a regular surround sound theatre. And the audio is as good as your boombox or car stereo is cause tyou tune into a radio station to pick up the audio for the movies. Now if you went there like 10 - 20 years ago iI can see how one can bitch considering that the audio was coming out of one of those old school things you hang on your window. Oh and then I saw someone write don't go during the day. This made me laugh cause um well first off they don't show movies until after sunset considering that you wouldn't be able to really see anything on the screen cause your outside.  So that reviewer is retarded.Here is how you have a fantastic time at this drive in: 1. Get together your friends or whomever and pick a movie.2. Get lawn chairs, blankets, bean bag seats, whatever you want to lounge in and bring it.3.  Get whatever refreshments you want and throw it in a cooler with ice of course. Go all out and get a pony keg if you want trust me the employees there could care less what you bring or do.4. If you realy want to have fun bring a little bar be que and some hot dogs or hamburgers or whatever you want to eat.5. Bring whatever other recreational substances you might enjoy also. Cause you are on a reservation and passing the peace pipe is one of there customs, so when in Rome.6. Go to drive ins, set up camp and enjoy the party, oh and the movie.
4	I gotta say, I love coming here!! You get two movies , new movies for 6.25. The parking is always easy and the stations are always clear. The screens used to suck, that's why I stopped coming for yrs. If there was a dark scene, you actually couldn't see anything. For some odd reason they used to not even trim the trees that blocked part of the screen. That's old news though. Plus the bathroom is always clean now and you can bring dinner and not feel weird.If you ha vent been here in a while I understand why you wouldn't like this place, seriously give it a second shot. They really made good!
5	I love the drive in movies. Its such a classic experience for such a cheap price and you get more for your money. I have not gone to the snack bar or the bathrooms so I don't know that goes. But if you are halfway smart you will stop at a Circle K before hand hand and load up on the goods for the movie.  Its is also fun with groups when you can bring a couch or lawn chairs to sit outside and kick back.  This place is not luxury by any means but awesome none the less. My wife doesn't like going cause she thinks its is a dive but I love going and would always go there If I had the choice.
5	Wifey & I went here 3/14/2009... Saturday night at the drive in movie theater! It was sort of like a Twilight Zone episode, going back in time! My parents used to take us when we were really young in Southern California. We brought a pizza (Ray's), lawn chairs, a large cooler with sodas, a small table, and sat outside the car and watched the first of two films. Besides the smoker next to us, it couldn't have been a more perfect evening! You can chat during the film, bring your own munchies (or dinner in our case), and completely relax, all for the price of $6.50 per person! The sound is OK, as it comes out of your car radio. I suggest bringing a "boom box" if you are sitting outside, otherwise you have to blast your radio to hear. Many people have never been to a drive-in, or they forgot their drive-in etiquette, so here's a not so subtle reminder of things you may have forgotten... 1. When entering the screen area, if the movie has begun, turn off your main headlights as to not blast the screen with light. 2. Drive slow- the parking area is not paved and you'll kick up dust if going over 5 MPH. 3. Smoke away from other people. 4. Keep pets and children to a dull roar- If they aren't interested in watching the film, let them go to the snack bar and play around at the arcade.Food prices were very reasonable- Hot dog- 2 bucks, hamburger 3 bucks, sno-cones, 1 dollar... But I suggest bringing your own goodies. Overall, great experience, killer value, excellent facilities, and we'll be back!
4	Wow.  Everyone is right-this place really is a dive.  Stained seats, trash on the floor, and is that bird poop on the screen?  Maybe I should have washed my car first.  Seriously, maybe Scottsdale 6 is a dive, but what would make for a "nice" drive-in?  Aren't they all the same?Then there's the complaints about the sound system.  Are you kidding me?  Compared to the days of hanging a speaker off your window, listening to the movie through your FM radio is like the most advanced sound system in the universe.  I hadn't been to the drive in since the late 70's, as a child of course, and not a lot has changed...except the price.  $6.25 for a double feature, and new movies to boot!  I didn't visit the snack bar as we brought our own freshly popped corn with a touch of sea salt and a little butter..mmm.  I also didn't visit the bathrooms because I still have some degree of bladder control.    My complaints...total train wreck getting in.  Double-sided ticket booths with only one attendant working both sides.  Cash only when it's quicker to swipe a card than make change.  Since the first showing for all movies is 7:45, it might be better to have the lanes correspond to the movie you're seeing with overhead signs identifying the radio station and the screen number.  As it is, the attendants have to go through all that with you as well as directions to your screen.I would also suggest if you want to check the movies online you don't use the website listed here, it only gives you the times of each movie--not which movies are paired on the same screen.  Instead, use http://www.movietickets.com/house_detail.asp?house_id=3998I like that I can zone in and out of the movie and ask my husband to explain it to me without disturbing anyone, even if he doesn't.  I like that I can recline my seat, and not have my knees buckle under when I get up after 2 hours of sitting in the same position.  I like that I don't need a payday loan to buy a Coke.  And I like that I could go to the movies with a cough!  This little conversation was a bonus:Me:  Are you watching HANNAH MONTANA? (on another screen)Him:  No.Me:  You're looking over there.Him:  I was just looking around.Me:  I can't wait to post this in my Yelp review.Him:  You better not, I was just looking around.Me:  Okay, I won't.I can't wait to go again!
3	Yea, this place is a bit sketchy at first glance but...don't we all go for the nostalgia?Both employees where we 1) purchased tickets, and 2) purchased snacks were really quite sweet and seemed to enjoy their jobs.I was a little baffled at the lack of navigation markers but, what the hell, I wasn't driving.And what's to complain about when you are in your own car with people you really enjoy spending time with?Throw in a little making out with your significant other and you have a quaint little date night!
5	I love this place My boyfriend and I can go for 12.50 and see 2 new movies that incredible i cant count how much i save in tickets and conssesion alone make my own popcorn buy some soda and relax i would say go see and you know what I mean
5	Had a great time last night, 6.25 for 2 movies! we brought our own chairs, and picnic basket. The sound system is the radio on your car, so it shouldn't be a problem.
3	Before the population in the valley exploded this was probably a very good place to go check flicks.  Not that it isn't still, but the ambient light from the city makes any dark scenes in movies look way too washed out, sometimes making it difficult to see what is going on.  It would probably be better suited for comedies or animated movies, action flicks not so much.Now the good--  Nothing like being able to bring a pizza or a cooler of ice cold...ahh...sodas to the movies.  I will definitely be back after the weather cools back down for some late night movie and tailgating action.
4	I debated between giving this place either 3 stars or 4 stars.  I think if they needed to make 1 major improvement it would be a better system of getting cars into the establishment.  On a Saturday night, you will be waiting in line for 20 minutes.  The screens are fine.  I don't think it's going to get any better.  For $6 you get 2 movies.  You can bring your own food and drink.  The best part about it all, the snack bar is DIRT CHEAP.  You can get a jumbo sized popcorn for $5.  It doesn't get any better than that.I wouldn't see a big budget action movie like Transformers here but a comedy or a popcorn flick, this is the best way to go.
4	What's better than a dive drive-in? A dive drive-in in the desert. This place has 6 great screens, decent sound quality, and delicious pretzels with spicy nacho cheese. Minus two stars for the stupid loud airplanes overhead, the proximity to the noisy highway, and the screens being too close together. Plus one star for vintage flair.
4	I really liked checking a movie out here. It reminded me of younger, better days. We saw Inglorious Basterds here, and there was a movie showing at 11 on the same screen right after the completion, but I didn't plan to check it out also. Kinda tough to navigate through the chained together poles to make it to your destination, but once you do it is cozy. Dirt lot, so don't drive faster than 5 MPH or you'll kick up dust and disturb the neighbors. It's only six fifty per adult and you play the audio through your car radio. The downside to that is you have to keep your car running, or risk your battery dying. The best part of the experience is the privacy of being in your own car and doing private style things. I'm definitely going back. District 9 is next on the agenda.
4	Like the band, a couple weeks back I was At The Drive-In with my cue-tay. This is actually the first time I'd been at this place since I was a kid, and my (weekend) Dad would take my brother and I here as a kid as a cheap way to watch a couple of movies and eat our own grub.yeah. my dad brought his two young sons to the drive-ins. There is a joke in there, but my sweet memories of childhood can't be corrupted to the point of making or understanding that joke. So, deal with it.The Ticket booth is still kind of a nightmare scenario, navigation would have been difficult if I hadn't been here a thousand times as a kid and so on and so forth. the other reviews are right. Pretty Dive-tastic. It was less Dively 15 years ago, but not lots less. And who's counting, right?The concession stand seemed awfully familiar and my experiences in the restroom was always a nightmare scenario, easily compared to a Rest Stop. Sure someone comes by to clean every so often, but nothing has been updated in 25 years and it's outdoors, which means that in the summer, you're sweating if you're sitting.2 stars for fond memories of playing NARC between movies, 1 star for being a dive's drive-in, and another star for 2 movies for $6.50/per
3	Okay, the first thing I will say.... Do not go inside the snack bar. Bring your own food and drink. It's a little scary. If you don't know what I mean then by all means check it out for yourself but don't say I didn't warn ya. For drive-in movie theaters a thing of the past it is nice that there are a couple options out there still. The Scottsdale 6 is a good time out. You get exactly what you pay for, usually around $5 a person or so for two movies or three movies if you want to watch the first one again. It is a fun thing to do that is out of the ordinary. However I would warn against going if the temp outside is anywhere about 85 degreesish. Kinda miserable, unless you want to sit in your car with the AC running the whole time. It's fun but I wouldn't tell ya to run right out tonight and go.
5	I am lucky to still be in a city that still has a drive-in - either u luv em or u hate em - Or you have never been!  (beleive me, there is alot who have never been to a drive in !!!!)  Ahhhh, the good ol days - and we actually still have them here in scottsdale!  There are so many towns and cities who no longer have any left - all the land bought out all in the name of progress- out with the old in with the new.If you haven't been, go now before there are no longer any left.  That said: there is an art form for attendance. (i think i have down-pat).  I bring camp chairs, blankets, candles, wine, popcorn, whole roast chicken, tomaotes, crossiants, OH!  and a cork screw - verrrry important.  So no, do not go to the snack bar - ewww.  o, and please do not drive in and out of the parking lot attempting to park & reverse 37 times with your freak'n lights on blinding everyone around you, thank you very much!
5	Best and only drive-in on the East  side. What I really like about this place is that it has several movies to choose from and you have to love the doubling up on a movie (even if you don't stay for the second) for oh so cheap!! Bring your own drinks and snacks and pick up some popcorn on location! Enjoy your evening in a truck bed, with some blankets, cards, etc...its fun! Wednesday is family night...even cheaper!!!
5	Let me start by saying you won't find a better deal for a movie anywhere in Arizona...maybe anywhere in the nation of that matter than you will find at this fabulous drive-in. The wife and I have been here at least 3 times and it is the only place we go to see movies now. Now being able to pull you SUV or Truck onto the lot...open the back...put your air mattress in there... bring your food and drink...lawn chairs.... if you want... and even your cooler.....could it get any better Sounds great so far right...well now imagine paying only 6.50 per person for a DOUBLE FEATURE...that's right a DOUBLE FEATURE they have an arcade... and a food court.... if you forget to bring you own food. They have very clean restrooms for a drive-in and they only take cash so leave your credit and debit cards at home. Tuesday's and Wednesday's are family and discount nights..so that makes it even cheaper. So like i began this review i will end it the same way...this is the best place in Arizona to see a movie...so run don't walk to this great palace in the desert. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
3	Double-fisting beers during a double feature at the drive-in makes it much more enjoyable.This drive-in offers a great deal. $6.50 admission for two movies. I've been to drive-ins before and while I usually bring my own snacks, I thought I would support their concession and keep these dying drive-ins in business for a while longer. Big mistake. The selections were sparse, the popcorn wasn't spectacular and the prices were just okay. I was mostly weirded out by the fact that movie candies were in the cold case, right below the single-packed dill pickles. The grounds were pretty messy. Lots of trash, beer cans and bottles everywhere. It was great weather for a drive-in, nice chill and I can smell the weed from the car next to us. While it was rather slow on this Sunday night, I didn't have a hard time finding a spot but it was hard to find a spot that didn't require running over a dump to get there. If anyone is a huge recycler and wants to cash in, come here and pick up all the cans and bottles since no one who works here does that.The projector quality was okay. Dark and not well placed. I watched a movie where the top part was cut off the entire movie so I didn't get to see heads. Awesome.I would come back. A great deal. Just next time, I would bring my own snacks.
3	It's not often I leave the comfort of Harkins with my $1 soda and free popcorn but we decided to try out the Drive-In theatre for a change of scenery.  $6.50 for an adult ticket for a double feature (or just one movie)which I hate to even say is cheap for a single movie these days!Advantages:  you can bring your own snacks ($0.79 Circle K drink and popcorn from home- almost feels like Harkins!), bring your own chairs, pillows, beanbags whatever you want to watch the movie on if you choose to leave the comfort of car, and you get a 2-4-1 movie experience as a new movie starts about 5 mins after yours just ended (if you show up early like us, this might be a disadvantage to have to sit through the end of a different movie before the one you wanted to see shows)Disadvantages: you occasionally get the jerk that pulls in with his lights glaring right into your car and line of vision, if you go to the last show they voiceover the movie to tell you the concession stand is closing in 15 mins, and the concession stand is quite limited if you did want something from itThey give you the radio station to tune to when you arrive and the sound quality was okay.  All in all, it was a fun and cheap thing to do once but I don't think Harkins needs to worry about losing my business anytime soon.
4	I love this place for inexpensive family fun.  My wife and two kids have been attending movies here for several years and always have a blast.  The price is right and even the concessions are not too expensive (I assume they know if they charge regular movie theater prices for popcorn and soda people would just bring in their own).  Plus you get two movies for the price of 1 as they show double features.We like to get their early - often bring sandwiches or a pizza and hang out a while before the movie and then kick back on a blanket or our chairs and watch a big giant movie!  Saw How to Train your Dragon last night and even though it was not in 3d it was great - particularly for my 4-year old.Usually the people in the cars next to you are friendly and it is just a good family fun atmosphere.  We seldom stay for the second movie - I assume many of the families clear out after the first movie as we do.The only reason I didn't give it a five rating is that the facilities are a bit run down and could use some updating and the grounds could use some lines painted on it to direct traffic and help people figure out where to park (a bit of a free-for-all with people stopping and setting up wherever they want).  But even with that - If you haven't been there for years it is worth going back to - -  and if you have never been there it is worth checking out!
4	Cheap tickets, beautiful Arizona nights, this is definitely the place to go to catch a film. Its only $6.50 a ticket  and if you really wanted to you could see several films, seeing that they don't moderate who stays after each film is over. I didn't go to the bathroom, nor eat any of the concession food so I can't really speak about that, but it was a fun experience. I just wish that they took credit cards instead of only cash but besides that I'd definitely go back.
5	My wife and I have our date nights on Friday nights and we pick different things each week.  We picked the drive in this week and we had a blast.  Not having been to a drive in since we were kids when the audio came from a speaker wired to a pole and hung on your window, the FM audio from our car stereo made you feel like you were in a theater with surround sound.  The atmosphere was very relaxed and the families around us all had chairs sirring outside or out of the back of the vehicle.  Unlike the reviews I read before going we did stay for the second movie.  We are very pleased that we got our money's worth and had a real nice relaxing date.  The one thing we did not know and could not find a bank before getting there was the entrance only accepts cash, however their were very nice and let us in to go to the consession stand to the ATM to get cash and walk back to pay.  We will be going back and this time with our lounge chairs.  The familes around were very respectful and it made you feel like you were at a family camp out.  I would recomend this for all families with kids and even for just couples looking for a romantic get away as you can talk without bothering the people next to you and the best part if your cell phone goes off no one cares.  I am rating this 5 stars.  Yes the consession stand has some age but the bathrooms and conseesion and game area were all clean.  We got there just as their was a rush of cars and getting in was a little slow but for having 6 screens they got you in quickly.....We will be going here instead of  the theaters where you have no private time
4	I have been going here for 10 years and really enjoy it. It's cheaper than going to the movie theater and you can bring in your own food and drinks if you want (or you can get popcorn/soda/candy there). It's great for both kids and adults...the kids hang out in the back of the truck with their juice and popcorn and the adults chill in camping chairs with beer. What's not to like?
5	I can't believe I haven't reviewed the drive in yet! I take my nieces all the time! I used to go with my bf all the time. I LOVE the drive in. my mom used to take me when i was kid. it was always a special occasion and i always fell asleep by the 2nd movie. it is so cheap for everyone to go. but bring cash. i don't know if this is allowed so hopefully i dont get punished BUT i always bring my dogs and we pick up dinner. we have a drive in routine. we put on our softest pjs, put our hair in a pony tail, bring pillows, blankets and head over. so fun.
4	Drive in movie theaters are a dying breed, but I had a great time watching Toy Story 3 with my wife here recently.Excellent price ($6.50 for a new movie can't be beat by any of the big movie chains), great family activity. Only downside of drive in theaters in Phoenix is that its pretty dead during the hottest months between May-September. Hope this theater holds up, as there's not too many of these around the country anymore.
4	I have been to this drive-in several times and never had a bad experience.(Well, okay, if I forget about the time that huge black monster truck pulled in at the last moment and parked facing my car with their headlights blaring for WAAY too long.)I like the price, the double featue, the movie selections and the fact that you can bring your own food and drinks. My friend even brought Mr. Heater on a cold, starry night and we sat outside in lawn chairs under blankets. Fun! Fun! Fun!
4	Awesome! We come to the movies here and watch two movies for 12 bucks total!  It is a fun time and a cheap date. The announcer guy talks waaaay to much but that is the only problem.
5	I'm not even sure that this is , in fact , a legitimate business entity. In fact , I like to think this place is illegal - a fly by night outfit in some abandoned farmers field concocted by south Scottsdale hipsters to " stick it to the man"Away down south , just north of the freeway and across from a cemetery..... A cash only policy and a bring your own food / booze kinda vibe. The " cashier" takes your money one eye on the till , one hand on her pistol and both ears tuned to the police scanner....... When I grew up in Calgary attending the local drive-ins required a pickup truck- ( in fact , as i recall - I think you were turned away if you didn't drive one - ( I know, I know - not drive a pickup in Calgary... surely you jest)). I was happy to see that in Scottsdale this law remains largely enforced. Back up the truck to the screen , lawn chairs and blankets in the back and a cooler in betwixt.... The moon overhead and the soundtrack over the truck radio occasionally drifting off into Spanish radio and Merengue from south of the border-and scorpion hunting with black light between flicks-hard not to give em a five
5	Those of you that have been to a drive-in as a kid then you know how fun they are!! Take some blankets and some pillows and prepare to chill with that loved one and watch two of the newest movies. Enjoy!
5	A taste of childhood!I went recently with my girlfriend and to be honest it was a lot better then the drive ins of my childhood. People there are extremely nice and the other people at the theater tend to watch the movie rather then yell drunk obscenities or let their problem children run free causing havoc as it was when I was a child.  Maybe it's because the drive in draws a different crowd then it used to but I believe that its specific to this one which is a much more likely reality then to believe rednecks stopped wanting to go to drive in theaters.Anyways 6.50 for a movie huge concession stand with everything.  No one minds if you byob and its a double feature.If your looking for something fun to do check this place out!  It certainly beats the pants off of a 10 dollar ticket to a single feature in a run down amc
3	Part of this experience wasn't entirely the theater's fault, but I can't help but have everything be all lumped together with this movie-going experience.  I can't fault the theater for this, but I saw The Green Hornet and it was absolutely one of the worst things that I think could have ever been written, produced and directed.  I was embarrassed by how shitty it was.The sound quality you get from your radio is awful.  Hissing and popping and the radio signal I got kept fading and coming back.  I'd hear the movie, then it would get warbly and then, suddenly, some fuckhead's talking about sports or God or who the hell knows what.  I had to move my car once and then when the signal left again, I was like fuck it, I don't even care anymore.  The movie sucks, so I left.The snacks at the lobby are pretty awesome because it's not ridiculously overpriced like most concessions are the movies.  I got a corndog (guilty pleasure delight!) and it was totally rad.This was my first experience at the drive-in and I enjoy a lot of it, I enjoy getting a double feature for like 6 bucks.  For something that cheap, I can totally understand that it's not going to be the greatest cinematic experience of my life, but it would be nice if they invested some money into making the radio signal stronger and not have to worry about it fading.
4	Why have I never been to a drive-in theater before tonight?The whole experience blew my mind, especially since I've been in AZ for 5 years and this is the first time I've been to the drive-in. Me and my crew rolled in around 7:25, just a few minutes before the movie started, and there was quite the crowd making their way in. I honestly didn't think that many people went to this place. Anyways, we paid ($6.50/adult) and made our way over to our screen. Since the movie had just started, I didn't feel like backing my Explorer up to the screen, so we just chilled inside my car. Contrary to what others have said, the radio quality was perfect, and besides the slightly diminished quality from looking through my windshield, the overall viewing quality was great. The drive-in is cool because you can bring your own food in, not have to worry about being loud with your wrappers and containers, you can have side conversation without ticking off a bunch of other people, what else could you ask for? Plus it's a double-feature? Hell ya
5	This place is located in Scottsdale, but as soon as you enter the lot you feel like you're in the middle of nowhere where a tornado will soon come ripping through the movie screen a la Twister. At least that's how I felt.You drive up a dusty road to a little booth and pay. Drive down the dusty road, park in a dusty spot of your choice. Well, I'm not sure if I actually drove on a road. It was dirt lot, and I just steered my car hoping I wouldn't hit a pothole or run over a curb.The concession stand is easy to find. It's pretty much the only building on the lot. There were a few food choices: soda, hot dogs, popcorn, a variety of candy and churros (!!). The bathroom was clean. I think there were tables and arcade games, too.Despite its slightly ghetto/scary vibe, the drive in is a great value since you pay about $6/person for 2 movies and can bring in whatever food you want.
4	I used to go here back when I was a kid cause my grandparents lived about two miles from here my whole childhood. Way cheap, $6.50 for adults and children are $3.50 and you can watch two movies. Just tune to a radio station and listen to the movie in your car. Its nice cause you can bring your own food and drink and not pay the ridiculous amounts of money at the snack stand. A bucket of popcorn is $5.50 and you get free refills but if you need a refill after this bucket then you da man cause there buckets feed a family of ten. Its Huge! We went with a group of people so we sat outside our cars with the doors open so we could hear the movie. The only problem was the flight path for sky harbor airport is just south of the theater and if your outside then all you hear is the plains overhead unless you have a really loud stereo system. Overall we had a great time and we will do it again.
5	A slice of Americana!  J and I LOVE seeing movies at the Drive-In and have been going for quite a few years now...Pros - 2 movies for $6.50!  If its a new huge release, its 1 movie for $6.50 (still beats the theater)Bring in your own food and drinks.  Relax in your favorite folding chair, throw a mattress in the back of your pickup truck, or recline in your car.  Hell we've seen people pack an old couch/loveseat in their truckbed!  Only 1 Con - Some of the stations they broadcast on are on the weak side.  I would have preferred watching "Thor" (Screen #6) this past weekend without hearing 101.5 bleed through.
5	I L O V E this place!!! Who cares that it is OLD, I'm getting old, I hope everyone still likes me! lolCant beat 2 movies for $6.50! Seriously AWESOME, and you can sit in your own vehicle and not have to be worried about looking at your phone and making everyone mad!It's awesome! GO and have fun!! :o)
4	Went this past Saturday to see the new X-Men movie.  The radio quality was improved, but maybe that is because we were on Screen #1 instead of Screen #6. One suggestion to the owner/manager - Screen 1's "humps" that let you know where to park/where the isle is could seriously use "re-humping".  Even though we got there 1hr early, the dumb@ss who got in before use threw the row of cars off infront of us off.  Seeing cars drive (way too fast) 5 feet away from your chairs because someone is a drive-in novice and doesnt know where to park,  makes J and I a little uneasy. Re-Hump the Humps!!  :D
4	I went to see a double feature (The Hangover II and Bridesmaids) last night (Saturday, 6/11/11 with movie starting at 8:55 pm) for $6.50. You cannot beat that price anywhere!I think this place is really great. With the exception of a few tail lights distracting my view, I didn't have to worry about anyone texting or calling during my movie and ruining my experience. (I'm a big fan of Alamo Drafthouse's anti-texting PSA found here: http://cf.drafthouse.com/she_texted_we_kicked_her_out2.html) I got to sit in my car with the windows rolled down (lovely Arizona night air), to eat my snacks and drink my Dr Pepper, and to listen to the movie on my headphones.A few notes:1) If you forget to bring your own snacks or you run out of snacks during the double feature, then you can go to the concession stand. (A bottle of water was $2.25, not bad for a movie concession stand price.)2) Bring chairs and blankets to sit outside. Not that I don't love Carl the Prius, but the night air is great here. A ton of people were sitting in the beds of their trucks and even tailgating during the movie. Very fun!3) Your car battery might die during the double feature. The car next to me had to get a jump during the last 30 minutes of the second movie. And Carl the Prius hated running his engine for the AC, so I turned off my car about 20 minutes into the first movie and just rolled down the windows. I might also suggest bringing your old walkman or stereo (battery-powered) and using that to tune-in to the film station. Everyone is watching the same film, so it's not like you are going to disturb other moviegoers with your loud stereo. 4) Saturday nights are busy! I got to the driveway at 8:20 for an 8:55 showing and we should have gotten here long before that. I say show up about an hour to an hour fifteen before your film, so you can buy your tickets without sitting in a slow moving stream of cars and so you can get a good place in front of the screen.5) This is a CASH ONLY place. I went to the website and I didn't see any indication that this place was cash only. Thank goodness I read the Yelp reviews.6) If you want to leave after the first film, you can! A ton of cars left between The Hangover II and Bridesmaids and the theatre gave everyone a "dead period" of about 20 minutes to leave, get snacks, use the bathroom, etc.All in all, I am coming back. I loves the prices and I love the drive-in experience. Plus, it's a great date for under $20!
4	It had been probably 30 years since I have been to a drive in movie. When I pulled in to the entrance I was a little worried that this was going to be a wast of time. Due to the condition of the entrance road? I am sure it was paved at sometime. They only use the right hand lane, even though there are plenty of ticket booths around. The girl at the booth was very friendly and spoke clearly. Accurately telling us how to get to the correct screen and the radio channel for our movie. Well it was starting to look better. I recommend to get there a hour early. so you can get a good spot.After we got to the screen, we found a place and backed in. We set up some chairs, fixed a blanket and pillows in the back for the kids. I went to the concession stand for popcorn and drinks. What a trip that was.the popcorn is good and plenty of butter if you ask to have it layered. This place kinda looks like it was abandon and then taken over by some 20 something year olds. Possibly college students?Every one who worked there was friendly and courteous! With every movie a double feature, it is great for a family outing. As ti turned out it was a great time. We have been back several times since then. The movie quality and sound are great. The lot could use re-humping. The last time I went it looked like they could be doing some work on one of the lots. .For Those Who Have Never Been To A Drive In!!   Please read.Turn your lights OFF, if you do not know how to use the lights on YOUR Vehicle. Pleas read the owner's manual before you go. Practice turning off your lights, The inside ones and the outside ones. When you park, Place your wheels on top of the hump closest to the screen!! The previous statement is for the one who comes in the middle of the movie. Parks in the middle of the through way. Leaves their lights on for 10 minuets before you figure out how to turn them off!!  YOU Know Who You Are! We see you every time we are there.
4	I LOVE the drive-in. 2 movies for $6.50 and I can bring my infant without worrying about him getting fussy and disturbing others during the movie makes me a happy girl. The building is a bit outdated, and the bathrooms are a little dirty, but my first time here I was super relieved that I didn't have to pop a squat or use a porta potty (ew). I also love the fact that I can enjoy my own drinks and snacks without having to resort to hiding everything in my purse... but we occasionally buy a drink or popcorn when the man over the radio executes a guilt trip by reminding us that the cheap prices are due to the support of the concession stand. Oh and a few tips: when you pull in and you happen to be facing another car, please TURN OFF your lights! Blinding people is not nice. Don't smoke if you are parked next to others... not everyone enjoys the smell of cigarettes or weed . And lastly, although we are outside, no one likes it when their movie is disturbed, so teach your children the importance of being quiet during movies or go for a walk away from the crowd if they can't settle down.
5	im really sad that this place is closed. we were planning on going now that its getting cooler. back of the pick-up with a blow-up mattress and some blankets & pillows, wine and a nice selection of nibblers? awesome date night.im sad its done. i really dont want to drive all the way to glendale . . .
4	Woah woah, this place is closed? Wth?? This drive-in was awesome. And pretty packed on the weekends too, how could the overhead be high enough to shut down. It was only a dirt lot with crappy old screens. They probably made the rent selling popcorn alone. I hope someone buys and reopens it. It was awesome for date nights during Fall. I'm still surprised it's closed, it doesn't make any sense to me. Lame.
5	This is not good.  We need to have this theater back.  We prefer the drive in to any theater.  I, as a paying customer am really upset about the closing of this theater!  Please let the negotiations proceed to a positive outcome of the theater re-opening.ThanksThe Consumer!
5	This place was the best and now it is closed, so sad.  My first visit here was while on vacation in 2009 and then once I moved here a year later this was a regular spot for my husband Andre E. and I. We don't want to drive all the way to Glendale for our double feature fix. This location was perfect, with a .99 Cent Store (for candy and snacks )and Sonic (for food and cold drinks) down the road what more could you ask for. It would be so wonderful if the Pima Native American Tribe allowed this location to re-open on their reservation land. For now  we will miss you West Wind Scottsdale 6 Drive In.
5	Super, super, super upset this place closed. It was one of my favorite places. Please bring it back!!! We need this!!!
5	Love the drive ins. LOVED THIS LOCATION!!! I can't believe they shut it down. BOOOOOOOO on them for taking this great place away from us. Boo!!!!
5	Please do not shut this theater down. This place holds memories for all of us. it would be tragedy to loose this monument.
5	Does anyone know WHY it closed?  It's a travesty.  I grew up with this theater.  My parents took us when we were youngsters, I came here for date nights as a teen.  I want to continue the tradition!  I even like it in the warmer weather.  You can bring some lounge chairs, a blanket and enjoy the movie outside.  OPEN THIS PLACE AGAIN.  PLEASE.
5	I am so sad that this place is closed :( Wonderful location, great times.
