4	Nice movie theatre, all big and pleasant with stadium seating and all that.
2	I really like this Loews, especially since my more local option is the disgusting Southland 9. But this theater has a lot of problems.Though this complaint only applies to a small window of time, I have to say that seeing a movie at this theater on a holiday is an absolute nightmare. My family goes to a movie on Christmas night every year. Two years ago, we went to see a family film (there was a then-seven year old, my niece, in our party). Throughout the entire movie there were screaming, unattended children running around the back of the theater, cursing and hitting each other. No one from the staff or management made any attempt to address this issue, though a few customers went to complain.The real kicker was that as we were leaving the theater, a swarm of kids was running around outside our theater to the point that people had to dodge them and make strategic plans to run out of the building. They were screaming, jumping on each other, and fighting. We were parked near the front entrance and needed to stop at the restrooms for the 7 year old, so we started to head out in that direction. Security (who was finally showing up for the first time all night!) stopped us and told us that we COULD NOT go this way. The 7 year old started to cry because she had to use the restroom so badly, and my sister had to argue with a cop to let them through. It was an absolutely atrocious experience, and one that I won't forget.The good news is that I've heard that, after many complaints and a shooting, this Loews has stepped up their security. Last night I noticed a sign saying that unaccompanied minors would not be allowed at the theater after 5PM on Christmas night. Hopefully this year will be a little more pleasant.
4	A Unique Experience while we were away on a mini vacation.  A Movie you say?  Well, I've never really had an opportunity to consume alcoholic beverages while I was OUT watching a movie.  I've drank and watched at home OR I have drank before or after watching a movie but NEVER inside the movie theater so it was definitely a treat.  Though it is a little more expensive to have this option, if you are wanting to drink and watch, you have the option to.    It's called the Loews Club, a lounge and cafe that patrons could enter prior to or after their show for a $5 cover charge. Offering a full-service bar, this area also includes a restaurant menu.  A private elevator ushers patrons to the Club's coat check, intimate seating alcoves and sofas, and fireplaces. Access to the Club allows customers to view movies from plush, oversized leather-like seats located at the top and center of the stadium sections within seven adjoining auditoriums. The bar and furnishings are a blend of polished woods, tufted upholstery, and painted-glass light fixtures. Back-lit photos of Oscar winners grace the space and Viewmasters on the tables feature images of the available dessert options.
2	The interior quality and the VIP seating with alcohol is a great addition to this theater but the crowds are terrible. For some reason every time I go here the people at this place are ultra loud, talking on their cell phones, yelling to each other, etc. It makes it nearly unbearable to watch a movie here. And it's not just me, it's most everyone I know that has had these same experiences. All of my friends avoid this place anymore.It's definitely a trade-off. If you want booze and super comfy seats, and don't mind dealing with some noisy people, this is a good pick.If you want quiet, head to the SouthSide Works theater.
4	I pride myself in being a resourceful person, so I usually try to milk situations for all that they're worth. I am not a user, but I am a maximizer. Even tho the complaints about this huge movie theater might be true - it's probably crowded and loud during weekends - to maximize the experience you have to be resourceful with what it offers.As a New Yorker (and I'm sure my NYC friends who read this review will appreciate this), I spend WAY too much money on a movie theater ticket. At the older theaters, I drop $10.50 per movie, at nicer theaters I might drop $12 per movie. This is all the time. NYC hasn't seen the days of the matinee-priced ticket for many years now. All shows are the same freaking price, except if you watch an 8am showing at some ghetto theater or something ridiculous like that. So, you would imagine the jealousy of my NYC friends when I tell them about this wonderful Waterfront theater in Pittsburgh, the city where I spend my Mondays-Thursdays...EVERY SHOW, ANY SHOW, ANY TIME Mondays to Thursdays is an AMAZING $5 per ticket. Yes, that's 5-buckaroos. INSANE. OFF THE HOOK. no kidding. Unlike the Southside there is ample free parking as well. And, it's never crowded on a weeknight. I went tonight and there was maybe 8 people in my theater. (I watched Zack and Miri, it was good)So, that's all it takes for me. I come here after work, by myself, with others, to watch good movies, bad movies, stupid movies, who cares. It's $5. I'll watch anything for $5.
4	The best theater for miles.  I'm a huge fan of noon shows on Saturday or Sunday, which are $5, and no crowd to speak of.  Clean.  Up to date.  Hard to find a complaint, unless you get stuck there Friday or Saturday night, when it's as crowded as you might expect.
3	This theater is huge and a little overwhelming on the weekends. They show IMAX & 3D movies.  Concessions are expensive, but probably on par with other theaters in the area.  There are 2 good things about this theater: $5 tickets Mon - Th, and Movie Watchers Rewards.
4	The theatre is very beautiful, and there is a huge choice in movie times, and  there are arcade games and such while you're waiting. However, I don't like how parts of the theater are VIP seating, and it limits seating, especially critical when you're trying to watch a highly desired movie.
2	Eh!  If I could rate this theater 2 1/2 stars I would.  The Loews Waterfront 22 is definitely not my favorite place to see a movie.  Give me the Manor or the South Side Works any day of the week.  I only go here when the movie I want to see isn't playing any place else.  My husband Rick and I wanted to see the movie "Earth".  Rick didn't want to go to the Waterworks Cinema to see it.  It's not that this theater's a dump or the help sucks or anything like that.  It's just that this place is too big, too crowded (although that is good for business), and the sightlines suck.  Unless you spring for the Loew's Club (or whatever AMC is calling it these days), your moviegoing experience here won't be worth the extra $$ this place charges.No, I'll stick with the Manor, the Squirrel Hill, the Southside Works, and to a lesser extent, the Waterworks.
2	***NOTE! THIS IMAX SCREEN IS FAKE! DO NOT WASTE YOUR $$$$$! It is marginally bigger than other screens! SAVE YOUR $$$$***Aesthetically speaking, a gorgeous theater. I could walk around for a solid hour and find something new to look at and appreciate. They have plenty of amenities including the arcade and the often mentioned Loews club. The concession stand is huge and I didn't see any lines that were out of the ordinary at a nice theater.SOO why the 2 stars????  One Word: IMAX.Im from the Bay Area and in San Francisco we have the Sony Metreon 16 (now owned by Loews) and they have an IMAX screen. Believe me when I tell you that it is 7 stories tall and has the most amazing sound of any theater.What I got at the Loews Waterfront is NOT an IMAX experience. The screen is slightly bigger than other screens, HOWEVER it is not 5-7 stories tall!
3	Come on the week days and movies are like 5 bucks. It's moderately comfy seating but can max out quick on the weekends leaving you with only the front few rows of seats. I have had a few bad experiences here. Several times (especially summer weekends) some of the patrons migrate from movie to movie for free. Hey we were all kids once and most of us did this at least once or still do. But what I don't recall doing is drawing great attention to myself by being loud and obnoxious during the movie...jumping around switching seats and having your own private party during the movie. The fact that this can go down at this theater brings it down a notch to 3 star status in my book.
4	We have been going here for years.  It isn't as clean and new as when it was new but they have gotten rid of the loitering problems they had a few years ago.  The movie ticket prices were a relative bargain in recent years are starting to creep back up.  I was a big fan of the $5 weekday matinees that seem to be less and less available now as you have to wait for week  of a release to get that price.  IMAX is cool and a must see for movies like the new Star Trek.
4	I mean, whatever, it's a movie theater.  I usually only go at offpeak hours, so I haven't had a crowd.  Its main feature for me is that it has a parking lot.  I get my popcorn, I watch my movie in airconditioning, I'm happy.
2	I came to this movie theater to see Blind Side.  I never made it through. All of the self-ticketing machines were broken.  The lines were long beyond belief.  They were out the doors.  I arrived 30 minutes early for the movie and I wasn't about to waste my time in an hour long line -- especially when the majority of the line was composed of Tweeny and Teen girls.  Apparently the movie New Moon had just come out.  I found out later what New Moon was and so I will return to this theater when it has not been taken over by screeching and screaming young girls that can pop one's ear drums when they see their current heart throb.  At least the girls appeared to be enjoying their time at the theater.
4	OOOO i remember when they were just starting to develop the waterfront and everyone was buzzing about this place! Haha! People were very excited for premium seating, alcohol and hot meals! On the scale of theaters - its nice!! The place huge, tons of theaters, very clean, a great concession stand and comfortable seating. There is a big parking lot, so parking is never an issue. If you are out looking for a place to catch a movie in Pittsburgh, Lowes is the go-to.
4	Once you experience the Loew's Club seating, you'll never go back to sitting in the regular seats again. $10 per person M-Th. It's really worth it. I haven't ate there yet, but it's on my to-do list. Unfortunately upgraded seats does not guarantee that you will not be surrounded by obnoxious a-holes on their cellphones and gobbling down snacks. Seriously, if this is you - do all of us trying to enjoy the movie a favor and stay home! (Sorry, got a little off task there)
5	I. Completely. Love. This. Theater.Out of all the movie theaters I've been to across the country, I get super excited to come here. It is easily the best movie going experience around. Took myself and the young'uns to go see Iron Man 2 there. On opening night, it should've been packed; our viewing wasn't. We got there in enough time to grab dinner at the theater ahead of time. What's super cool is that there is a restaurant attached to the theater and, if you purchase the VIP ticket, you can bring your food into the theater. You also get the privilege of sitting in these huge leather chairs. The usher was super cool - we upgraded to VIP ($5/seat) after we had finished dinner and had already gotten food; he went back and got  me coupons for $3.50 off any item of food at the restaurant and also brought me and my three kids huge individual containers of popcorn.  Really, just a great theater to go to and I wish they had more like them in the DC area. Whenever I travel to Pittsburgh, this is my spot.
3	Pretty standard theatre, never had a bad experience here, except sometimes it can be crowded, and of course its expensive. Except matinee = $5!
4	I've been here a bunch of times.  I never have a problem here.  Everything is easy to see, seating is good, food choices are decent, and you can get VIP seats for some shows.  So that's all good.It's located in the Waterfront "Mall" so if you've got time to kill, like I did, you can walk around to the many shops (during the day atleast).  There's some restaraunts in the area... i wouldn't recommend any of them.They're over priced and poor service.  But that's for another review. Oh, their chilli cheese it is GRR-OSS!
1	Extremely poor seating layouts, be prepared to pay 50% extra on top of your $10.00 ticket for "premium seats" that are really the only seats that allow you to watch the movie without breaking your neck or sitting next to a wall.
4	Monday-Thursday $5 all day everyday. Only issue I have is that it gets a bit crowded with teens on the weekends, but otherwise I have no complaints. I saw Avatar in 3D here as well as Inception and had a great time.
3	A theatre would have to do something really above-and-beyond to get more than a three star review from me, and AMC Loews is nothing if not a standard multiplex.Nice big, well-lit parking lot.  $10 adult tickets (evening prices).  The usual overpriced food selections.  Easy to see the screens, even if there's a tall person in front of you.  Not too cold in the theatre.  Seats recline a little bit, not exactly "comfortable" but certainly not the opposite.  Good sound, good picture.  I mean, what else is expected of a multiplex?  We saw Black Swan last Saturday and there was a decent size crowd, but everyone totally shut up when the movie started.  Seeing a movie here with a huge, rowdy crowd of teenagers might have been annoying, but that wouldn't be the theatre's fault.  No complaints from me - but no accolades either!
4	Visually, very nice!The inside of very Disney-esque and pretty.  Especially the HUGE candies, popcorn and drink statue-type-thingies that are above the concession area!But, overall... its just a theater!Prob the nicest theater in the area and areas East of Pittsburgh.Nicer/Newer than Destinta (N.Versailles).PROS:  Visually, very cool;Staff has always been nice;TONS of screens and movies @ any given time!I really like the VIP seating option in some of the movies.You can get a beer upstairs in the VIP lounge!!!   :)CONS:I hate the jerky kids that go here--i don't think i was that much of a tool when I was a kid!  lolRESTROOMS ARE ATROCIOUS!  As with any theater, incredibly overpriced!!***Tasty Morsel of Info***There's seriously a soda/coca-cola bottled soda vending machine outside of theaters number 10/11... yep... $4 for a bottle of coke!    LOLOL
3	Every time I come down to this theater I am sort of reminded of Toonstown in Disneyland. As an AMC theater, the picture and sound qualities of each of the theaters are pretty decent. There is an upstairs restaurant and downstairs barista and concession stands. I have met quiet a few rude people that work here and I do not like the whole VIP seating option because if the theater is always crowded in the lower regions. All that is left are crappy seats down below and the attendants in the VIP area are usually really rude. Compared to the theater at Southside Works, AMC Loews is really overpriced and crowded.
5	This is the best theatre to watch a movie in the Burgh. Here's a quick tip inside a review, go here Monday through Thursday and all non 3d and IMAX movies are 5 bucks! Sneak your own snacks in, the prices for snacks is off the charts. Join the AMC club, and every time you buy a ticket, they'll swipe you card and you earn rewards. Good deal!Comfy seats, great sound, this place is a winner.
5	I am from Philadelphia (well originally from Pittsburgh but now live in Philadelphia) and I wish we had a theater like this in my area.  It is a beautiful building, nice theaters (comfy seats, stadium seating) and most importantly a bar upstairs!!!
4	I kind of feel bad for this theater as I feel it gets a bad reputation. It's technically not in the best location which you probably are aware of from the local news. But I love going here (even if I do only go during the day). The AMC Loews Waterfront 22 is a great theater. Honestly I think it has more than most theaters I've ever been in. I mean really, how many movies theaters normally have a coffee shop and a restaurant on the second floor? How many movie theaters have a second floor? It's my understanding that weekday admissions (excluding Friday) are discounted to some degree. If you see a matinee on the weekend (any showing before noon) it's only $5. That right there is reason enough to go. Going to the movies is such an expensive thing anymore. Half the time it's almost cheaper just waiting to buy the DVD instead of going to see it in the theater but this movie theater makes things much more reasonable and affordable for the average movie lover. Who cares if you need to wear a bullet proof vest? I'm kidding- kind of.
4	Ive been going here since I was little.  It is a great place to see a movie.  Very nice inside compared to other theaters in the area.  Much more classy looking and exciting on the inside.  The only problem is, you are paying for that nicer atmosphere.
4	Love the movies. Things have changed there for the years I have been going. Prices have gone up but that goes with the times. Seating is decent. Awesome for free screenings of new movies prior to their opening. They reopened their coffee bar. The restaurant upstairs is pretty good. The bar doesnt take out-of-state licenses, but that may have changed. The snack bar for popcorn and drinks is kind of pricey but the portions are decent. I'd recommend getting becoming a Stubs member. It's formerly the Moviewatchers program. The changed the membership, now charging for it, but for a limited time you can get it for $6. They save your ticket stubs online. You can rack up points that eventually get you free movie tickets. I'd say it's a go!
4	This is the only movie theater I will go to in Pittsburgh. Everytime I go I always experience really great customer service. When ordering my popcorn, the person behind the concession is always polite, quick and will always give you good and bad reviews about movies.Only bad thing is the IMAX theater audio blows out the audio in the theaters beside it.
5	VIP Seating with a bar----Stadium style seats that push back----Very nice decor---Great sound and picture quality---It has it's own butter station for your popcorn, NEED I SAY MORE
3	This theater used to be the ish.  Maybe that gives away my age (eek!) that I remember when it opened.  I was in college and we waited in a blizzard to travel "all the way" to the waterfront to the new shiny movie theater from downtown to see "Save The Last Dance."  I know, I go for the Oscar Winners....I remember gazing over at those "coveted" big leather VIP seats and thinking "oooooh I want to sit there!"  But for an extra $5.50 this poor college student wasn't shelling out the extra mola.  Now I don't shell it out because I'm just cheap!  And I think the regular old seats are just fine!  On the flip side I do love the cheap deal of $5.00 before 6p Mon-Thur and $7.50 after 6p.  I love me a deal!  If you catch a movie on a weekend you'll definitely notice the place is FILLED with teenagers.  Obviously we all made out, er, I mean went to the movies in droves so be prepared that your date night could turn into reliving your teenage years right in front of you!They have a ton of junk food for your watching pleasure...which I have gladly stuffed my face with.  It may not be a 5 star quality meal...but it's been awesome to have the option when you're in a bind....like totally running late for a movie and haven't eaten dinner yet!   Nacho's, chicken wings and hot dogs taste great when you're starving!  I still love going to the movies and it's a great place to watch them at.  And yes, I'm still seeing the Oscar winners...."My Idiot Brother" today....
4	Probably the best movie theater in the burgh.  It's certainly could be a lot better, but it's the clean and pretty modern.  I do like the fact that they are showing Hindi movies.  They show at least one Hindi movie on a regular rotation.  They definitely bring in a diversity of films.  The ticket prices are steep, but they are pretty much the same in every movie theater in the city.
2	Seriously?!  $5.50 for the leather seating when NO ONE is in the theater?!  I may be a real adult with a real job, but this seems ridiculous when I am there to see Beauty and the Beast (yes, I said it) at 8p on a Wednesday.The Manor in Squirrel Hill is so much better, even with the old school seating.
3	Steep ticket prices most days of the week but if you go on Sundays before noon, you can get a ticket for $5 (and $7.50 nighttime during the week). Alas I don't think that applies to 3D or IMAX.Still, this is one of the better centrally located big movie theatres in the area. It's clean, there's stadium seating (how ever did we go to the movies prior to stadium seating?!) and refreshments are an arm and a leg. Now if only they could get Michael Bay to stop ruining my childhood favorites.
3	One of the best parts of this movie theater is that they have a full bar upstairs where you can take your drink inside and watch the movie.  This theater does get rather busy, so show up early for shows if you want a good seat or if you want to get into a rather new and/or popular movie.  Also, some weekend nights can be a little rough at this theater, crowd wise.  However, I feel it's fairly safe, and should not be a deterrent.
4	This place continues to be one of the best movie theaters.  Convenient parking, seating, including VIP.  There's a full restaurant and bar as well.  If you don't want to wait in line for tickets, you can run over to the self serve kiosks.
1	The theaters are clean, the selection of movies and snacks are usually pretty good.The low rating is due to their inability to maintain the audio equipment to have 'assisted hearing devices'.  I suspect that they just don't ever bother to fix them, and it's kind of disgusting because it shows a complete lack of respect and courtesy toward handicapped patrons.  I'd be a little more tolerant if it wasn't the third time it happened.  (Shame on me for thinking things would be fixed, after we boycotted for a year or so...)When told that their equipment isn't working, they just shrug.  A refund was halfheartedly offered after three sets of new equipment (which I'm pretty sure they knew wouldn't work.) but I would've had to leave immediately and my husband was enjoying the movie.To contrast, a similar situation happened at the Waterworks Cinema (which is old fashioned by comparison).  When informed that the assisted hearing device wasn't working, the manager was profusely apologetic, insisted on giving us 2 passes that not only were for free admission but any concessions we wanted.  And, oh yeah?  The problem was fixed the next time we returned.
5	The Loews theater in the Waterfront is easily the best theater in the area.  Large auditoriums, modern decor, plush seats, nice atmosphere... this theater has everything you want.
4	I was kinda plus minus on this place until we came early to a movie once and killed time upstairs drinking at the bar. And then brought our beers into the theater and watched Batman! Yeah this place is filling that mindless fun hole in my life with a combination of 16 oz plastic cups of IPA and summer blockbusters. I will be back soon.
4	Nice sized theater to enjoy a movie in.  Doesn't seem to matter where you sit, even in a crowded theater, it seems like it is a good seat.  This location has things to help you kill time as you wait for your selected showing to start.  Arcade type video games and prize claws in the lobby area.  A small cafe or the bar.  If you prefer to do a little shopping while you wait, just walk on over to the shops across the street.Prices for an evening showing are always going to be steeper than matinee prices, which is what I prefer to see.  Nothing like going into a theater, being chilled to the bone by the AC and then walking outside to be warmed up.
4	It's been awhile since I've paid less than $12 for a movie ticket during prime time, and let me just say it's o so nice. The theater has ample FREE parking (none of this having to validate garbage) and the theater isn't overrun by youngins. The people who frequent here aren't the type to add their own commentaries during the movies which is a breath of fresh air. Its a nice atmosphere and great place to take the kids to a movie.    The theater rooms themselves are clean and large. This will now be my go to theater while in Pitts.
1	Visited today. Spent $15 on an IMAX ticket and $15 on concessions. Everyone I interacted with was unfriendly and the 6 kids working at the concession were having a gruesome conversation about the most humane way to kill an animal while ringing up my order. The icing on the cake was being denied access to the theater because I had a coffee from Starbucks, even after purchasing theater concessions. No one mentioned this when I bought my ticket or purchase concessions nor was a sign posted at the entrance. I was told to "chug it or toss it". With these prices and this treatment I will not be back.
3	I just don't like this movie theater. Maybe it's because of all the hoodlums that seem to congregate here? Or possibly it's because the ticket prices are higher then other theaters in the area. For whatever reason, I just don't care to frequent Lowes.
5	In my opinion, this is the best movie theater in Pittsburgh, and I've enjoyed seeing several movies here (The Help, Moonrise Kingdom, The Master, and maybe one or two others).Why does it get five stars? Well, because it has comfortable seats and is cleaner than theaters that I've frequented in the past. I also love the large scale of the theater. It has a very grand design that gives me (well, what I imagine to be) the feeling of seeing a movie in the good ol' days... when movies were an event, something to look forward to and be treasured (think The Artist).I plan on returning to this theater very soon to see Skyfall, either on or around November 9th. James Bond + Adele theme song = Epic!
4	***This is a nice and big AMC movie theater just over the bridge in Pittsburgh; this theater shows many movies and the picture quality and sound quality are both good; the lobby and hallways are huge and showcase many great first run movie posters from many different eras (as well as all kinds of genres)***This AMC has its own huge and free parking lot; it is incredibly easy finding an open space during a weekday matinee.
1	AMC is a nice sized, lovely looking theater - and that's where my praise for the place ends. While that means the theaters are nice and comfy, the scale of the place is impressive to behold, and there's room for a whole line of arcade-type games on one side of the theater, the prices here are a bit too much for my taste. Movie tickets for myself and a date or friends inevitably cost a large chunk (if not all) of my monthly entertainment budget. And considering the fact that so many movie screenings today require me to deal with jerks talking or texting on their phones right in the theater during the movie (which isn't the theater's fault but a problem with our culture in general), I often feel like I've wasted my hard-earned money and my evening when I'm leaving this place.I also never eat here, again because of the pricing. The last time I ate anything here, it was because my date insisted on spending the $20 that he blew on the single popcorn, two drinks and candy that he got. I figured, if he wants to, let him - it matters to him more than it does to me. But when there's so many fulfilling and/or cheap dining options in the area, spending that kind of money here just seems silly to me.But the absolute the biggest problem I have with this place started in 2013. That was when I began to notice that if two action movies were in the same section of the movie theater, I could hear explosions happening in the other movie in my own theater. Around the same time, I noticed that the volume in my movies began to go up. So there I found myself, sitting in an uncomfortably loud theater, with fingers in my ears, able to hear explosions from another movie during quiet moments in mine. After the first time this happened I began bringing earplugs to this theater, and any time I go to a screening with them in I can still hear every note in a movie's score and every line of dialogue perfectly. I truly do not understand this need to blast the audience's ears to bits and while it's a common problem in other theaters, the Waterfront is by far the worst offender, and I'm sick of it.Sorry, AMC - you may have a beautiful lobby and a bunch of arcade-style games that many of my friends absolutely love, but you're just not the movie theater for me.
3	Love the traditional theater vibe and options for VIP seats, but I won't be dining upstairs again in the restaurant lounge. Got drinks and an appetizer after our movie, but the service was so poor that it became frustrating. Not only did we have to wait 15 minutes for our waitress to even take our order (when all tables around us were being waited on) but then she mixed up our drink order with another table's and did not check on us one time. We eventually had to flag another waitress down to get our check because we could not find out waitress. The busy other waitress was nice enough to print our check, clear our plates, and apologize for her coworker- but we left very dissatisfied.
4	I go to the movies all the time, and I have to say this theater is one of the best theaters I have ever been to. I'm from NJ, and I was used to paying NJ prices for movies, but when I moved to Pittsburgh and discovered this theater, I was amazed at the prices! Its only $6 before 4 on Weekdays and $7.50 after! I believe Fridays- Sundays, day time prices are $7.50 and evening shows are $10-$11. This is much cheaper than what I was used to paying in NJ. Also this theater is very nice. Its usually clean, but some of the theaters themselves are small, which stinks when you go to see a movie that has been out for a while. But the cheap prices make up for everything else. Also since its right in the Waterfront, you can easily eat somewhere or get snacks and then catch a movie.I saw The Avengers here last year on opening day and it was incredible organized. Our tickets were checked twice to make sure that no one was entering the theater without paying, and we were let into the theater about 10-15 minutes before the show started, so that we had time to settle in and use the bathroom.
5	One of my favorite theaters. So many large screens.  Great stadium seating---far enough height difference that even tall people don't get in your way.  Great afternoon prices too.
4	Best theatre in Pittsburgh....just hate battling the traffic over the bridge to get here...
1	The movie theater looks awesome, the seats are comfortable, and it's very clean...However, every time I go a lot of people in the theater talk and use their phones. If you choose to go to this theater DO NOT go anytime after 3pm, other wise prepare to have a face full of iphone screens and people talking about the movie right behind you...5 stars for how the theater looks1 star for the people that frequent this theater
3	This movie theater is pretty decent and probably the biggest one in Pittsburgh. It has a nice entrance in the front and back of the theater plus a decent little arcade. Upstairs they have a restaurant with a menu similar to Applebee's as well as a bar.Downstairs to the right of the main entrance is a small cafe that serves up coffee and smoothies. I've had one but like everything else in the theater they are over priced. I'm pretty sure they sell seattle's best coffee. For an extra $5 a person you can sit in the VIP SECTION which has its own entrance in certain select theaters. They have these really comfy leather seats with big arm rest and the seats are grouped by twos so if there's an odd number of people you will have some distance between the three of of you. They let you bring food inside if you ate at the restaurant or if you ordered it at the concessions. The sound here I must admit is optimal but sometimes i have to plug my ears because it's way tooooo loud. I saw gravity and I swear my ears were going to explode. Even though I can't blame the theater for this next part...I always seem to sit by someone who either talks way too loud, or sitting in front of someone who kicks my chair repeatedly...Other than those two complaints and the fact that this theater gets crowded I say it's a good place to go. I prefer to go on the weekdays when the price is only $5 a person and it's usually less crowded. Get there at least 20 minutes early so that you have a good seat.Oh did I forget to mention they are surrounded by a few decent restaurants and shops if your bored. I'd rather get full on a $15 meal than to spend  $12 for popcorn and a coke. It's not worth it...not now not ever!!!
4	This is my favorite theatre to go to in Pittsburgh.  The location is great and prices are reasonable--$7.50 on weekdays and $10.25 on weekends3D: $11Imax 3D: $13Avoid going on Friday or Saturday night for newer movies as it gets quite crowded.
3	The theatre is still a great place to see a movie! However, it used to be more popular....A lot of the food stands have been shut down except for the main one in the center of the theatre. Sometimes the staff can be rather... Lazy and unprofessional.... I came today and the service was great, but most of the time it's kind of bad... I love the fact that you can buy the upgraded seats... These seats comfortable, have more room, and you can stop by the restaurant for a discounted appetizer! You can also bring adult beverages with you :-).
1	I used to really like this theater however every time I go it gets worse and worse.  This past visit was the worst yet.  It started off with a snack bar that had one employee behind the counter. Which made wait very long. The girl that takes your ticket was accompanied by two other employees standing there eating popcorn. My boyfriend used the restroom before the movie he said it was one if the filthiest restroom ever.  The theater was equally filthy. There were dirty napkins in the cupholders, popcorn and popcorn bags all over. Not to mention the spilled soda  that littered the floor along with candy wrappers. It was obvious this theater hadn't been cleaned. During the whole movie there was nothing but chatter and iPhones and there was never an usher to be seen. I would suggest if you'd like a nice theater to go to hit up the Pittsburgh Mills much cleaner and all-around better service.
2	I really don't like this theater, but we still go here frequently.  The main draw for me is the reserved VIP seating that allows access to the bar during your viewing experience. They have a nice selection of drafts and the bar prices are reasonable.  The VIP tickets cost more, and come with a coupon for food in the restaurant. I recommend eating dinner elsewhere, and using your coupon on dessert here (of course the coupon can't be used on popcorn, normal concessions, or alcohol!).  The leather VIP seats are roomier, too. You can't order VIP tickets online, you must purchase them over the phone or at the theater...another silly drawback that could easily be remedied.When this place opened years ago, it was THE premiere theater in the area, yet it looks like they haven't bothered cleaning the place since it's opened.  Carpet is stained, furniture is ripped, and paint is peeling.  And there is just trash everywhere.  Ugh.  With the army of staff working here, can't someone go around with a sweeper every once in awhile?Please, someone else in the 'burgh, open a movie theater with a bar and spacious leather seats so I can stop going here!
5	My first time at this theater was in November. I was excited to see Day of the Doctor screening in our area, so I couldn't have cared less what theater it was at- I was going, and that was that. All in all, it's a nice theater. There is a game section, a decent sized food court, and a neat little cafe area where you can get tea and stuff. The theater was clean and everything in working order, the staff was friendly and welcoming (which could have been a task, considering this was a gathering of total nerds, many of whom where in costume), and I really felt comfortable in this theater. One negative- I just wish they had napkins. It was a late showing of a big event, so it can be expected, that's just the only negative.
5	This is my favorite movie theater ever! $5 Thursday nights for students and if you wanted to have a fun night with your friends (and make the trip to the movies a pre game) you can buy the upgraded seats and buy booze at the bar - which is...wait for it...delivered to your seat! The theater as a whole is also super clean and the patrons are respectful (read: quiet).
4	This is one of our favorite choices in movie theaters. First let's get the CON out of the way: it's expensive, make no mistake. But! The reserved VIP seating is a treat that we hope for when viewing a longer movie or when it's really crowded. And we also like to be able to meet in the lounge and chat before movie time. Concession is good, more expensive than most. Sound is good. Regular seats are good and movie options are generally most of the current big draws. Parking is good, too. Can't go wrong, just be ready with the $$$.
3	This is just ok it is close to where I live so I've been here a dozen or so times. There's a restaurant inside with drinks its gross the food is below average chain restaurant food overpriced and we had very poor service.The theaters are relatively new good if you enjoy the awe of the big screen, and yes they have stadium seating, IMAX, 3d the works. But you are looking at some expensive tickets 15$ plus. Matinees in just plain theaters are reasonable.They have some sort of VIP deal where even if they don't sell those seats you cannot sit in them unless you paid 20$ in certain theaters. Stupid.Then there's the bathrooms the last three times I've gone they have been DEEsgusting. Do not go in unless you bought that giant soda and you have to.Some shows sell out fast and will be crowded so plan ahead.
4	love the nice seats and the awesome snack bar. Icees rock!
4	This is my go-to theater in Pittsburgh for bigger-blockbuster films. Typically, I prefer to support the smaller Pittsburgh Filmmakers theaters around the city for smaller, independent films (Regent Square, Sqirrel Hill: The Manor, Downtown: Harris)- but there aren't many cons to this theater. The quality of the theaters is very good, the staff are always nice, the lines are never too long, and there is always ample parking- however, I hate how inconvenient it is to get into and out of the Waterfront. I have enjoyed purchasing tickets on Fandango beforehand and picking them up at the box office, which tends to be a bit more convenient. I will continue to frequent here for my movie-going needs.
4	Ok.  I'm late to the scene to review this monstrosity of a movie theatre complex but, then again, I just moved here so forgive me my jaw-dropping awe.22 movie theaters under one roof.  I think that's a record for me being in such a compound.  The particular movie theater we were in was quite small for the humongous screen.  Being my first time there, I'm just guessing they're not all this size.  That was the only thing small about this particular venue.  Everything else is huge!  Prices, the size of a medium soda, the interior lobby included.  We ventured upstairs and the restaurant/bar looks to be quite nice, though we did not partake.  Oh, and the nearest parking is pretty far away.  You might not notice this fact so much except if it is raining (and it was).  :-)Especially liked the fact that I can order tickets online and print them out at a kiosk in the lobby (there is an extra fee with that, though).  Evidently some movies you can actually reserve seats; our movie was not one of them.  Seats and the movie experience were great and I will be back even though the experience for 2 at prime time with a medium popcorn and two medium soft drinks was right about 40.00, not unlike most other theaters.
4	I'm very happy to have the Loew's as my neighborhood theater.  It's huge, clean, and has every major movie out, including 3D and iMax screens.  Great sound systems and sharp pictures with comfortable stadium seats that provide good views from every angle.  It also has a bar/restaurant for parties before the show (We all dressed in tuxes and evening gowns, and ordered Martini's before seeing the last James Bond Movie) and some arcade games and air hockey if you've got time to kill before your show.The only gripes I have is it can be pricey, currently up to $13 for an imax 3D ticket and glasses.  Lines can be slow for concessions and popcorn and soda can tack another $10+ on top.  So to stretch your dollar I'd recommend stopping for food before or after at one of the dozens of locations the Waterfront offers, and hitting a 1/2 price Matinee if you can.  At any price, I think the Loews is one of the best places to watch a movie in Pittsburgh!
4	My son has been asking for a few weeks to see Rescue Planes and decided it was as good a day as any. This was my first visit to this theater and it was pretty good. The girl at the ticket booth gave me tickets to the right movie but at the wrong time but she fixed it and that was the only issue. The theater we were in was empty other then a dad and his son. In total there were 4 people watching the movie. It was a bit creepy and cool all at the same time. The sound quality was good and the movie itself looked good. The seats were comfortable and my little man even got a booster so he could see better. Concession prices are average for a theater at about $6 for a large drink. Was a bit sad the theater we were in didn't have the aforementioned reserved seating but given there was almost no one watching the movie but us it wasn't that big a deal.
4	Its the only theatre in Pittsburgh that screens Indian Movies. Pretty nice i must say.  Comfortable seats and yummy butter popcorn makes it my favorite place to watch movies
3	I have always stood by Loews theater as being my favorite theater to go to, but anymore the element of people that go there and the lack of security makes your movie going experience a waste. Anytime I've gone to Loews, I've had people rudely on their phones, talking, whispering, and making ridiculous remarks.. even eating from take out boxes while the movie was playing!!! This really is deterring me from wanting to go there because it is getting worse and there is no one to control the audience. I love the interior and exterior of Loews, what a beautiful place! It is always clean and they always are running various show times and movies. I absolutely LOVE their $5 Wednesday movie nights! I usually buy my tickets for the classic movies in advance, although you can get them without worry usually if you go 30 minutes to an hour before the show starts. Popular classics will get sold out quick, so I would recommend buying them early if its a movie you don't want to miss. For the classic movie Twister, there was a fan who had collected items related to the movie for movie goers to see and enjoy before the movie. Something like this is rare for theaters to take part in and I really appreciate that Loews allows this! It adds to the nostalgia of seeing an older movie on the big screen! The seating is very comfortable at Loews and there really isn't a bad seat in the house! VIP seating is usually worth it because you are separated from the regular seats, giving you more room and a comfier seat! You can also take your alcohol into the theater in this area. The drinks at the bar are wonderful and fun! I definitely would go back for drinks again! Being a member of the AMC rewards program, you get rewards for every $100 you spend and get free movie tickets! It's a great program to enroll in! I do really enjoy Loews but they really need to keep this stunning theater in better order! To pay $10-20 on a movie ticket and experience such disturbances is truly discouraging, irritating and becomes a rip off at the point that you can't focus on the movie due to rude people. Loews does everything else right, now they just need more eyes on the audiences!
2	I have been going to this theater since it opened, but I'm feeling ripped off by it today.  They used to be pretty competitive on pricing with other area theaters, but we went on a recent Saturday to a 4:05 showing, and the ticket was $10.75!!!  Anywhere else, it's a matinee til 6 pm, and even when it's not a matinee, the new movie theater at Monroeville Mall is only $9 something, and the one in North Versailles is only $6 all day.We overheard the people in front of us also being shocked at being charged so much, and heard them say they should have went to North Versailles. We were down there for a friends birthday and were going out to eat afterwards, so that's the only real benefit of that theater over North Versailles, but you can watch a movie and eat in Monroeville, so I think that's a better option.
4	This is one of the nicer theatres near me for sure.It's enormous so it's always playing everything, it has IMAX and 3D, it has a separate bar (and restaurant, I think?) upstairs, the seating is cushy and comfortable, and the theatres are always very clean. Oh, and they have a huge parking lot, too, which is fantastic. I hate having to fight for parking. Basically, everything is enormous. The first time I went, it actually took me a little bit of time to figure out where to buy tickets because the lobby is so huge. They have more than your average movie theatre food offerings, as well, and they even have a little cafe on the inside, if you're into that.My biggest complaint? Last time we went, the bathrooms were gross. Like really, really, really gross. They definitely need to clean those with whatever frequency they are cleaning the theatres.Otherwise, it's a nice theatre that plays a ton of movies in an ideal location. You can go out for dinner or drinks before or after the movie and you don't have to drive.
2	I saw Gone Girl there this Saturday.  The movie was good but everything else sucked.This theater has just been allowed to get worn down and dirty.  When it first opened it was beautiful, but it's like they have replaced nothing and done no cleaning in 15 years!Its to the piont I really think the theater still has its original carpeting and its never been cleaned.  This theater is ALWAYS packed, given its size and location that is not a surprise.  But I will drive 45 to to see movies at the Drive In before i go here, bc the theater is so dirty.  Case in point, the big red curtains on the 2nd level.  We ate at the theater restaurant this weekend and I looked up at the folds of the curtains, and there were 2 inches of dust in every draping of the curtain.  It was disgusting.  One night when the theater is closed, take a broom and beat the curtains, then vacuum up the dust below.  Didn't your grandmother ever teach you to clean?Oh--and aside from the theater being dirty, you could also get shot here.  Don't think I'm kidding it has happened, like, 4 times.  The security is terrible.And don't get me started about the bar/restaurant.None of the bartenders are friendly.  All appear in need of a hug, and will seem hugely annoyed that they have to serve you.The restaurant...oh, the restaurant.  You know, given that the menu looked like it was created in MS Word, and is horrible, the food was actually okay.  It's just called a generic "Waterfront Restaurant" and you would think the restaurant would be packed.  The food was surprisingly okay, but it just seemed like wasted opportunity for the theater.The theater itself was very dirty, but it was a Friday night.  OF course I will be back bc this is the largest theater in the area.  But I won't be happy about it.
4	Still a bit overpriced.  Bumping up the rating because they have digital captioning now and cheerfully refunded our admission when a movie made me motion sick.Worth noting - they often run foreign films, we took a random chance on a bollywood movie and enjoyed it so much we dragged a friend there the next day.  Worth trying out!
4	The theater is clean and well staffed. They're pricey but nowadays all theaters are. They are very busy on the weekends so I prefer visiting during the week. The matinee is ideal. The staff is friendly and parking is plentiful.
2	When the movie I want to see isn't playing at the Manor or Southside Works, I will come here. For some reason, it always seems like a hike to get there, and then the parking lot is massive, and the building itself looks like some bizarre castle. But, that's okay, I don't typically go to theaters because of the architecture. I think the AMC Loews would get a TON more of my business if I wasn't so grossed out every time I went. I remember years ago I used to love the place, but on my most recent visit I realized why I this theater is at the bottom of my list. This place is dirty and in disrepair. I know it's a massive space and must take a lot to clean and maintain, but I sat in 3 broken chairs on my last visit before I discovered a functioning one. As I got situated, I couldn't help but notice how much my feet stuck to the floor from a previous spill. There was also a bit of moldy smell in the theater, like it needed to be aired out. I'm not typically a clean freak, but I couldn't ignore this. Beyond the theaters, the place is just looking a bit worn down. I hate to be so critical, but the theater does charge on the higher end compared to nearby spots. The state of the theater should not take away from my viewing experience, and that's why the Loews is a last resort.
5	This is a really nice theater, and they have a full service bar.  The seats are comfortable, and you can pay extra to sit in a nicer section where you can order food and drinks.  While it lacks the homey and personal charm of a smaller independent theater, this is certainly one of the nicer big chain theaters in the Pittsburgh area!
5	LOVE this theater!!  I've been coming here since it opened. They do a lot of business yet you rarely have to wait long in lines to buy tickets or concessions. They have a coffee/ice cream bar, video arcade and a restaurant. You can take the food from the restaurant into the theater. You can even take drinks from the restaurant bar into the movies. They have RSVP seats that are bigger and made of leather. We've splurged for them a few times but their regular sits are roomy and comfortable. I became a STUBS member which is a nice bonus. You earn points for buying movie tickets and any food or drinks. Every $100 you spend you get $10 in rewards. For our family it doesn't take us long to add up points. Sometimes I cash in my points for gift cards and give them as gifts. Plus you get discounts or upgrades at the concession stand. You also get to preview movies at times which is pretty cool. If you go a lot you should definitely take advantage of it. We've never had a bad experience. The theater sits in an area (The Waterfront) that is inbetween a poor neighborhood and a wealthy neighborhood so the movie goers are made up of all kinds of people. It's a cool place for families, friends, or date nights.
3	Well I'll bump up my rating a bit.  I'm still not as big a fan of this place as I am the Manor or the South Side Works.But kudos to AMC for showing the film "Rosewater".  I've wanted to see it ever since Jon Stewart announced its production.  Every so often AMC does show movies that are a bit out of the ordinary.
3	Theaters are kinda tough for me to review. I think we as a society have become so numb as to what a great theater is, that we just kind of accept mediocrity as the standard. While I don't think this is a good thing, it is what it is and I try to make do with what I have availability to.The service at Loews 22 isn't that bad. It isn't great but it's not off putting either. How much can you really expect from a bunch of high school and college kids who are getting a part time job for the first time? No wows here, but not sub-standard for the industry either.The concessions aren't winning any awards either. They are standard run of the mill movie snacks. Except they sell the off brand Raisinets, which is sacrilegious to me. I have not had the opportunity of eating at the in house restaurant but I have seen the dishes and they look like processed frozen items.Again, it this were a dedicated restaurant I might be upset but again it looks like something I would expect a movie theater restaurant to produce.The bar is a slightly different story. I went once, and once only for a very good reason. It is over priced and the bartenders are horrible. That particular evening I was drinking bourbon and water and they still managed to screw it up. I was then told that I could not have a second drink because they couldn't figure out how to open the bottle. That is just a level of incompetence I find unacceptable. The icing on the turd cake that was the bar experience was the fact that they used plastic glassware. OK i get plastic for guests carrying drinks to the theater in order to minimize the possibility of broken glass, but for those guest sitting at the bar proper glassware should be used. Plastic is just straight lazy.The cleanliness of the theater is also an issue with me. If I hadn't been conditioned to think that floors similar to those of a taxi were acceptable, I might be pissed. Sticky floors, popcorn and trash strewn about, the same stuff you see in every theater you will ever go to. No better, but no worse either.To finish up, I find Loews Waterfront to be perfect. Perfectly mediocre at least. they do a lot of things wrong, things that should piss people off, but every other theater I have ever been to falls into the same pitfalls. Don't go expecting anything industry shattering one way or another.
5	Excellent place to be to watch movies.  I saw Exodus in 3d which was an awesome experience. Its a must go place if you are in Pittsburgh.
3	I have been coming here to see movies as far back as I can remember. It is ok, not better. On christmas day we went here to see a movie, and people were talking for the whole thing. Security had to come, and tell people to be quiet. The seats are ok, not the most comfortable in the world, unless you get reserved seating. Reserved seating is very comfortable, and is the best way to see a movie. If you want a better movie experience, drive 10 minutes to the manor in squirrel hill where the seats are comfortable, and the service is a lot better.
