3	The Tropicana is an old school Las Vegas hotel on the strip, where it's not hard to find rooms for less than $100 a night. The rooms are clean and comfortable and the decor is a bit dated, but I found that part of the charm. During the summer, there's a swim-up black jack table at the pool-- the perfect spot to while away the midday hours. Gambling is a bit less expensive here than other places on the strip -- and during the day $5 black jack and craps are common. A group of us who stayed here all agreed we'd definitely stay again.
1	I hope you never have to go there.
2	I'd like to give it three because it seems like the Trop is fighting for survival, but I just don't know that I can go that high.  To be fair, I would definitely classify it as serviceable, but I guess I was hoping at least for a touch of vegas razzle dazzle, even if a bit faded.  The Tropicana seemed less golden age than golden girls--all the way down (up?) to the rattan-framed mirror over the bed.  Maybe this place is better appreciated in warmer weather when the lagoon-like pools are open.
2	This place is so gross but has a good comedy show.
1	Don't do it, its not worth it.  We barely made it through 1 night at this place... switched to the Palms the next night.The casino:  Think Swingers.The room:  Think... actually don't even bother.
1	If you think Las Vegas is getting too white trash, don't go near here. This place is like a Steinbeck novel come to life. I kept expecting to see donkeys and chickens walking around.Wooo-pig-soooeeee this place is awful!!!
5	This casino is really really sad and outdated, HOWEVER, you must try to see the new exhibit, "Bodies."  It's so great to have something like that in town.  I really enjoyed the Titanic exhibit as well, though it was a bit too expensive.  I think that I saw Bob Dole in the casino! Woo!
4	A place that let's the average joe enjoy Vegas!  Yeah, it doesn't have the ritz of the other resorts but who needs ritz when you're looking for the dollar!!  There are some nice parts... domed stained glass ceiling and decent pool.  It's a little cheesy compared to all the renovated Strip spots but I love me some cheese once in a while!   The $5 tables and the consistent cocktail service are ideal when you're just looking to play a few hands and have some fun without breaking the bank.  I tend to get a little cranky when I loose money... at the Trop, you have to try twice as hard with that low ante!  And the entertainment!  At 3am, you'll find every type of escort imaginable in the most outrageous outfits... all scoping the joint for the drunkest dope with a wallet.  Who'd go to a lame show when you've got that?!  Classic Vegas, if you ask me.
1	This casino exudes a sadness that cannot be surmounted by any number of comps.Literally, walking through the casino floor en route to the BODIES exhibition caused a sullenness that the much anticipated dissected, respectfully presented cadavers could not surmount.
1	Imagine the worst smell possible.  Now imagine that ten times worst surrounding the very air you breathe, burning your nostrils as it enters your body.  The staircase outside our room had the worst smell known to mankind.  And everyday, it seemed liked the smell would grow stronger, and stronger.  Smelled like some drunk crazy person urinated all over the staircase.  And then some animal died there, and that same crazy person urinated all over that too.  Everytime we used those stairs, we would hold our breath praying that we would make it out alive.Anyways, the hotel is.. eh.  Parking sucks.  The rooms are old.  The elevators will scare the crap out of anyone who's claustrophobic.  Thing is tiny and moves slower than a turtle climbing up stairs.  The casino... the air is filled with nothing but smoke.  I felt sick everytime I had to walk through it.  Plus side... they're going to destroy the hotel and build a brand new one.
3	The cheap blackjack table was a good introduction to table gambling, though I think saying they have 24/7 $5 blackjack and only having 1 table was a bit cheap of them. Hotel part was adequate, though a good price, and would have been better if they didn't have the fire alarm combined with worst security/emergency preparedness ever.   Also the champagne brunch buffet really really sucked.
1	My boyfriend and I got an amazing deal on Orbitz for $50.00 per night at this hotel.  When we got there, however, we realized we wouldn't have payed a penny more for it, for it was one of those rooms that just made you feel dirty.  There were oh-so-classy mirrors on the ceiling and I think there were blood stains on the tikki couch.Not only that, the POOL was CLOSED.  I would think that would be the main draw for this shack, and there were people swimming in the INDOOR part while the rest of us layed around on the lawn chairs like beached whales, stairing at the germ-encrusted waters that had not yet been prepped for the season.  About an hour in to our sunbathing, a boy with a tropicana shirt came over peddling his towels on us, which incidentally, looked like the dish towels that they used in the kitchen last night, and were not much bigger, i'd wager.  It took about four of them to cover the chair under me, and I had to be careful to avoid the brown stains.
1	It seems everyone gets suckered into staying here once...usually sharing one room with many people, as if the rates weren't already cheaper other hotels on the strip.  But the rooms are cheap for a reason.  Dingy, grimy, run-down and sad.  If you really can't afford anything else and you plan to spend your whole trip to Vegas sloshed, then perhaps you won't notice that the casino and rooms are both run down and not worth your money.  Just keep your shoes on in your room unless you want to actually commune with the crunchy yet oily feeling carpet.  If you're not going to heed my warning, at least you should know that I've heard the rooms in the newer tower are nicer than the original building (it would be hard for them to be worse).  On the plus side, its close to MGM.
1	Stayed here with a bachelorette party, 14 people total!Place is not nice at all, almost gross.  I gave it 1 point because the pool is cool, very large & pretty.The shower in the room made me feel dirty & the beds were nasty.  But since we spent litle time in the rooms it was ok.Place may be cheap but come on, its Vegas, this place needs to step it up!!!
2	Wow, so far everyone is in agreement that the tropicana is not the greatest place. Although, I did stay in the suite for $85. You have to ask if they can upgrade you in casinos, the worst they say is no. My complaint about tropicana is well, I do not listen to directions beyond the first thing someone says. Hey, I am a guy. So, it took me about 2 hours to find my hotel room. The problem is no one cares to help you. I showed them my room number, and everything they still could not help me. I stayed here for one night only, because mandalay bay was $225 for the first night and $125 for the remaining 2 nights. It's tough to pay more when you can get the same thing for less the next day.
2	The rooms are cheap, that's for sure.  You also get what you pay for.Bad location.  Bad rooms.  Bad upkeep.  No other amenities.OK pool.Not worth a more in depth review.
3	As bad a rap as this place gets, I found it just fine this past weekend, given low price vs. the other schwanky hotels around town.  Let's face it, you're up all night anyway!  Who cares!  We stayed in the "Paradise Tower" part of the hotel, and actually had a nice room!  The view of the strip was good (room 618 to be exact), and the bathroom was pretty big (good for a couple of gal pals getting ready).  I also stayed here this past new year's eve, and it wasn't as nice, but I was in a different part of the hotel.  It was maybe the garden area?  Who knows...they did have a clogged pipeline issue that time which was gross,  however they fixed it right away and the staff were all pleasant.  I think Trop gets a bad rap when its not all that bad given price and location.  You can hop on the tram right across the street at the MGM and check out whaveter schwank hotel you like.  Its cheap and close to things!  And its OLD school, which is pretty cool.  Oh yeah, the karaoke bar is cheesy and fun, old school style.  We sang a few numbers.  The MC likes to think he's got mad skills, as in breaking into a Doors song in between guests on stage.  That's a no no whe you have a stack full of napkin requests.  The MC unspoken rule is only to sing when you have a dearth of entries.  But no, he had to break into the Doors midstream.  Poor dude, wookin pa nub in all the wrong places.  Long live the old school Trop.
2	Stayed here and it did have the lowest price out of all hotels on the strip and I now know why.  This place is so run down it's not funny.  Our toilet sprayed water all over the place.  Toilet paper roll was hanging off wall, and it looked like a blind person re-grouted the place.  Bedside lights didn't work, slider took an act of god to open.  This place is completly run down and is in need of renovation.  I will not stay here agian until they rebuild.
4	I have been here 3 times, first time I got a "Garden Pool Room" (cheapest) and I don't really commend it, its kind of old looking, very small bathroom also. The other 2 times I have stayed at a "Tower Room" ,wish is just one step up from the Garden Room, but man! what a difference, I did like this room (of course nothing fancy) but its nice, comfy, spacious, clean and even has mirrors on top of the bed... nice!You can see some pics of the room here:http://www.taniayvlady.com/Album23/Vegas_Junio_2007_005.htmlThe pool here is awesome the best after some from the upscale Hotels, if you are watching your budget but the pool is a bid deal then theres is no better choice for you then this Hotel, believe me.Don't worry about the location, its actually a great location (IMO) you are connected via a bridge (casino to casino) to the MGM and get there within just minutes, a very small walk.
1	Hookerville!!!Beware of this hotel. I think they pimp hookers that hang out in the hallways. We were there for 2 nights and saw the same girls both nights. They hang out in the lobby hallways and you'll see them on the way to your room.. "--Wanna have a good time?"We tried to complain to the management on our check out. They were total jerks about it.. didn't really care at all. Treated us like we were lying about it. The decor is run down and it does look like dirty.I would never stay there again...The pool opens at 10 and closes at 6. People smoke and drink inside the pool.There is no security anywhere to be found and if you complain they just don't care...DON'T STAY HERE! (I know, it's cheap but it's not worth it)Check in lines are a pain and the panoraic elevators had broken windows (they were so dirty you could barely see the view).. Falling apart wall paper and ripped carpets are everywhere... Nasty!Really, go somewhere else...
2	Anyway I stayed here last weekend as I was going with a group of friends from college (16 of us to be exact) and we wanted to stay in a place on the strip for cheap. Hey at $49 a person (4 per room) total for 2 nights...sounds like a sweet deal to me.  Well at Tropicana you really do get what you pay for.  The room size was standard, and it appeared to have the same amenities as most casinos.  However, the rooms did definitely feel much older and dirtier than most casinos. Yes, as if you were in a Motel 6 but on the strip.  The beds also were crapped out slanted and with broken springs.  In Vegas you probably only sleep 4 hours a day, so I could deal w/that. but what made the place suck for me was that the shower had horrible pressure, came out at a weird angle, and couldn't stay a constant temperature for longer than 10 seconds.   The casino is also kind've run down, but they do have 24-7 $5 tables that aren't nearly as packed as places like Slots of Fun..so that's a plus. The pool is decent as well, but watch out for who strolls around your stuff (someone tried to steal my friend's hat), as there is no security for who goes to the Tropicana pool.  BTW the check-in line is really not as bad as the others below are saying. My group came in around 10pm friday night (somewhat peak time)..and we got are 4 rooms checked in in less than 20 minutes..so I don't know WTH everyone else was talking about for 2 hours?!?       This place is no way in hell Bellagio, but it doesn't deserve 1 star either like so many of the elitest losers who try to review this place expecting it to be the Bellagio. Tropicana does have a good location on the strip, and it is priced very cheap. However, given the room/pool quality and feel of the casino..unless you are absolutely trying to save bottom dollar..I'd definitely recommend staying else..as the overall value of room/location/service/casino  per dollar at places like MGM, NYNY, Planet Hollywood, Bally's, etc.  is just so much better and definitely worth the extra $20-50 a night.~Gp.s. the "smell" everyone is talking about at Tropicana is a mixture of old building and smoke. It's not horrible, but it's definitely a lot stronger at the Tropicana than at other Casinos.  My nose was definitely plugged the entire weekend, but i'm not a smoker.
4	The Trop will always be special to me. At all cost, pay the extra few bucks to stay in the Paradise tower. Its exponentially better than any Garden Room and the toilet will actually flush. For gamblers, the blackjack tables have really cool Eritrean dealers who are fair with their game. The pool is by far the nicest amenity. Unlike other locales where shade comes with a price, the Trop has lovely trees sprung all around the pool's borders to offer the palest of the pale temporary respite from the harsh sun.
2	At the Copa, Copa Cabana, they fell in love..." sang Barry Manilow in 197.. I know this is the Tropicana not the Copa Cabana but I couldn't help think of this song as this place had a similarly ending name, similar cheesiness that I associate with Manilow and a style that seems stuck in the end of the 70s.In fact the Tropicana doesn't look like it's had a touch up since 1979.  Paint is peeled, signs long washed out, a certain aqua, chiseled quality to the pool.  Most of the staff weren't around in the 70s.  It's like many a job, especially by the pool and fitness area are reserved for local junior college students with their first Strip job.  The disgruntled generation next meets put upon yet whatever saying high school attitude is pervasive in any interactions.  While other pools send their hottest staff out to wait on you at the pool and welcome you to their Spa and/or Fitness center, the Tropicana makes clear they have surrendered any hope of being chic, hip or worth a high price.  So the room was cheap and while not in the middle of the strip as I was informed, well located against the much more together and fun seeming MGM.  With the cheapness however, comes an opportunity to upgrade to the tower "wowee" and here is where you can then pay another $14 for wireless.  The basic rooms have dial up.  Wha that?If you look at the positive, it has an old skool charm and a major plus was the surprisingly large round tub that was perfect for soaking in after nights on the dance floor and morning taxi rides back from various places on strip.
3	I have stayed at most of the hotels on the strip before. Tropicana is not really that bad. The place gets old, I agree, but for its location and its price. It is affordable and it doesn't break your wallet. I remember staying at 1 of the towers and got a pretty good view of the strip. For less than $60/day/on the strip, you can't beat that. And I don't see why Circus Circus gets more stars than "the Trop."
3	OLD. Yes, everything about this place is old.  I think most of the waitresses were there when it opened. The only way I could get my husband to agree to go to Vegas to see a UFC fight was if I kept the price under a certain amount.  Our options were to stay on Fremont street or one of the cheapies on the strip.  I opted for Tropicana due to the location.  We've stayed at the Mirage, the Paris and yes those casinos are better, newer and cleaner - but the Trop really was fine for the price.  The pool is awesome, we had our best day right there grabbing Long Islands from the swim up bar.  The bars at the pool closed too early in my opinion though.  They directed us into the casino, going up an elevator and through a casino in a wet suit and flip flops is not fun.  I didn't understand why they closed the bar before the pool, just shut them down at the same time.  Oh and rapid roulette at $2.50 rocks!We got in on a Thursday and left on a Monday so the line at check in/out was non-existent.  We did see some fierce lines on Friday and Sunday, so try to avoid arriving or leaving on those days and bring patience if you have to.  The room was fine and the bottle opener next to the toilet made me giggle.
1	As soon as we walked into our room, I had my boyfriend search under the bed, in the closet, and in the bathtub for a dead hooker. Yeah, it's that kind of place. Super sketchy. We only stayed here because it was my friends' bachelor/bachelorette party weekend and they wanted us all to stay in the same hotel. What a mistake. Everything about this place is tacky, dirty, and gross. There were mirrors on the ceiling (!) which wasn't so bad until we started thinking of the kind of people who probably had sex in that room. Eww. I'd keep my shoes on at all times. You can probably get pregnant just by walking around barefoot.On the upside, the Tropicana shops are world-class. You can buy gold by the inch, a cheap rhinestone kitten purse, and a carved wooden Jesus. I wish I was making this up.
1	When we left Las Vegas yesterday, we hailed a cab to take us from our hotel to the airport, like everyone does.  And, like every cab driver that we've ever had in Las Vegas, our cabbie was full of questions.No sooner did we get the cab door shut, and he asked us, "do you guys know when they're going to start tearing down the Tropicana Hotel?"  I have to admit, the first thought that went through my mind was, "hopefully, really soon".The Tropicana was like flashing back to the late 70's.  The rooms were decorated with rattan furniture, the chairs, the table, the bed... The bed.  The bed had a rattan and mirror headboard that extended all the way up to the ceiling, and continued across the ceiling.  And for clarification, that means there were rattan boardered mirrors along the ceiling, above the bed.  Just think Austin Powers.The rest of the hotel didn't get any better.  Half of the escalators were broken.  One apparently long enough that the hotel put yellow caution tape strips on the end of every step, I guess so you could see where the edge of the steps were.But, I will say this.  It's definately the perfect place for the just turn 21ers.  They were running all over the place in their bathing suits with margaritas in one hand, and a "cigarette" and sun tan lotion in the other hand, trying to hold each other up as they stumbled through  the casino.  It was like one long pool party the whole time we were there.  The perfect vacation destination if you plan to spend your whole time in Las Vegas puking drunk.
3	Just to warn you, this review is back from 2001 before Yelp was even invented.  But I had to review it because Tropicana holds a special place in my heart for being the first hotel that I ever stayed in in Vegas.  I don't remember a ton about the room, but just that it was a very basic 3 star room and was just fine.  I barely stayed in the room anyway.  The pool is hands down the best part of the hotel.  I loved how you can rent an inner-tube and meander down the wavy pool.  I was sad to hear that they are tearing it down, but times are a-changing, I guess.  Even though my taste in hotels has gotten more and more up-market as time has have gone by, I still have fond memories of Tropicana and really appreciate the fun weekend I spent there years ago.
1	This hotel needs to be torn down.  It's way past its prime and not well maintained at all.  The carpet in the hallway is scary, the curtains were this ridiculous flower pattern from 1970 (the bedspreads match the curtains, by the way).  The worst part had to be the dried sperm stain that was left on the blankets.  Nasty.The pool was pretty lame too.  Too crowded...and there were people by the pool smoking pot right in front of children and when a friend of mine went to complain, the pool attendent acted like she didn't even care.  Luckily we didn't spend too much time in the hotel.
3	With the Tropicana you get what you pay for.  The "Trop", as my friends and I called it, was my first hotel stay in Vegas when I went during college.  We stayed here because it was dirt cheap and still on the strip.  The room was clean and fine except for the old decor.  The pool is big and has swim-up blackjack and a swim-up bar which is fun.  There was a good mix of people there and it didn't seem as crowded as other places, such as the MGM next door where you couldn't even find a spot at the pool.  Next time I will be staying more mid-strip, as the Trop is down on the end, but I had a great time here.
3	There is a lot of hate for the Tropicana, which is not beyond my comprehension. However, haters were not to be found either time that I stayed here and I had a fantastic time. Um, yea, I could pay like 500 more dollars a night to stay someplace with a roller coaster zooming past my room every five minutes or some ingenious design quirk that give me vertigo, but I will pass on that. The Tropicana stinks like stale cigarettes and broken dreams, since its been around since the dark ages of Vegas and you can see the ghosts of golden age entertainers wafting past you as you feed the slot machine a weeks pay. The rooms are basically whatever, not the height of glamour and decadence, but there is one serious plus - the tower rooms have mirrored ceilings - so for all you folks planning your honeymoons, i think i just made your decision for you. Pool area is big and there is a nice waterfall and gigantic drinks which they serve you in a football. It's on the strip and close to the other hotels and there is a train that takes you to Luxor and Mandalay Bay and that Medieval Times hotel.  Oh, and dont forget the hall o'kiosks where you can buy a hand carved wooden jesus and and i love lucy place mat and after that you can totter over to the buffet, with adjacent karaoke, and thats the Tropicana!
1	This place sucks. I'm basing that on my gambling experience here and not on the rooms. Seriously though it sucks. It's super old and I don't mean in a cool historical way, I mean in a creepy, smelly, dirty way.We came here because they advertised $5 blackjack everyday. But what they really mean is ONE $5 blackjack table everyday. You already know it's packed with a damn waiting list (ok maybe not a waiting list. More like a bunch of people hovering like sharks to grab the first empty chair they see)The ventilation in this place is horrible. I reeked of smoke by the time I left. My eyes were burning and my nose hurt. (is it obvious I'm not a smoker??)Finally, the slot machines (yes I'm a granny. so what!) are all old school games. They don't have any of the newer more popular games and if they do there's only like one machine!Actually I just thought of one more thing that pissed me off. They give you these coupons when you walk in. One was for $10 off a t-shirt in there gift shop. So I go the the gift shop and select a pretty cute t-shirt. All the while the grandma behind the counter was watching me. When I get up there she says THOSE t-shirts aren't the promotional shirts. Then she points to this HUGE rack of all white t-shirts that said Tropicana on them. The shirts looked so cheap and the lettering was damn near bleeding off the shirt. Then there was the price....(I believe it said) $16.99. They actually expect you to pay for that crap??? OMG I was unbelievably pissed. However, I did use my coupon for the free deck of cards and I'm glad to say that they are high quality playing cards that I'm proud to show as a souvenir! Thank you Tropicana! :-p
1	This place should have been shutdown and redone a couple of years ago.  When we were there for Super Bowl in 2005, they were to have closed it down and imploded it in April.  On another trip, they had removed a bunch of logos, etc. leaving obvious spots on the wall.
3	You couldn't pay me to stay here.  Well, maybe you could.  If I was making, like $10K a day.But I didn't stay here, I gambled here, and I won big.  Yes, the Trop is an excellent place to play if you're a noob or a tightwad.  I guess I'm a bit of both.  I don't mind spending money but don't like to throw it away, and I don't know how to play a whole lot of games.  This is one of the few places on the strip where you can play $5 tables.  It's less smoky than Barnaby/Bill's although it's a bit out of the way.
2	Ever hear the saying, "You get what you pay for?"  Well, you'll be saying that when you visit or stay at the Tropicana.  Our room was decent...nothing special.  I did notice that there were a few holes in the walls.   The flushing knob on the toilet also looked as if it was going to fall off.  If you don't plan on staying in your room for very long, I'd recommend going here, otherwise, use those extra bucks and stay somewhere else.   The location is good though because it's about three miles from the airport so you won't spend too much for a cab ride over there.  The layout is OK (I never got lost which is a good thing for me) and the pool has a decent waterfall.
3	I think folks are being a little hard on the Tropicana.  Sure, it isn't a mega-resort.  Sure, it is a little old.  Sure, they still have machines that accept and pay in quarters.  But that is all part of its charm.  A little old-style Vegas on the strip.We booked through one of those horrid time share companies, so the room was free.  They booked us first at Hooters, but after reading bad reviews on several Web sites, I asked them to switch us to the Tropicana.  I have never stayed on this part of the strip before, but we were up for an adventure, and it was free!You have three options at the Trop, oldest to newest (I think): 1) Garden Rooms, which are right off the casino floor in various directions, 2) Island Tower, where you have to go upstairs and across the pool area (long walk) to even get to the elevators, and 3) Paradise Tower, where the elevators are right in front of the casino.  We upgraded to the Paradise Tower for $20/night.  I was a little worried after reading some trip reports, but our room was fine.  It was pretty old, but it was clean and comfy.  I was pleasantly surprised.  We had a view of the south end of the strip (Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Excalibur), which wasn't that great but pretty cool nonetheless.Let me mention that the Tropicana is nicely situated on the south end of the strip.  There is a handy little free tram that goes from the Mandalay Bay to Luxor to Excalibur and back.  There are walkways from the Trop to the Excalibur, the Excalibur to New York New York, and from the Trop to MGM.  There is also the light rail that travels from the MGM all the way up the strip, but we didn't take it.  It was easy to get around.  The Tropicana is not too bad for the price (um, free).  I actually enjoyed staying there, mostly because of the location.  A few other cool things:--they have two full pay deuces wild machines in the back of the casino--the Paradise Tower elevators are right at the front (easy access).  I think it was a three minute walk from our room on the 12th floor to the  badass MGM sports book--they had a silly little band on Saturday that played a bunch of songs you know all the words to.  It wasn't fancy, but it was entertaining--I heard the pool is not bad, but I didn't try it outA couple things they could improve:--Beware of the bitchy bartender at Lucky's lounge (she wears a Vince Young jersey, which would normally mean she is A-ok in my book, but she was not.  I have never in my whole entire life had a waitress tell me (actually tell my husband) to play quicker after I just put $20 in a VP machine and was already down to $1.25.  Very, very annoying.).--Upgrade the rooms.  They weren't bad, but getting old.  A little upgrade would go a long way.All in all, not the nicest place I have ever stayed, but I had fun.  Course, I don't remember a time I have gone to Vegas that I haven't had fun.  Lower your expectations a bit, and you might be pleasantly surprised.
1	What a dump.This hotel has not been remodeled in decades.  The beds are like springs with a sheet of cardboard, the rooms are nasty and the staff is equally obnoxious.  The towels are old and thin, there is ripped wallpaper in the hallways and rooms, the carpets feel like there is microscopic vermin living in them and I took a cold shower this morning because, well, there was no hot water. Internet access is $14.99 per day. I don't suggest you stay here.
3	I think I have discovered the reason for those wildly differing reviews - there are two towers you can stay in at the Tropicana. The Island Tower seems to be the one where rats are snapping at your feet while you're killing cockroaches with your shoe, BUT: the Paradise Tower is old, but solid.I got booked into the Paradise Tower for a business trip this week. First I was horrified after reading all the reviews here, but I have to agree with the more reasonable ones: Yes, the hotel is kinda old, the towels are thin, but the room was clean, did not smell, the A/C worked and the beds were firm - and that coming from someone who bought his own bed at IKEA because he can't stand the soft American beds. I took a picture and uploaded it, just in case you don't believe me or think that all those fumes alledgedly coming out of the vents made me go nuts. Bottom line: If you just sleep there, it's alright. IF you are in the Paradise Tower, see above.Resort wise, I didn't check out any of the food, drink or show places - we walked five minutes over to the Excalibur for a regular Starbucks experience in the morning and would crash at bars all over the place, like the Planet Hollywood or Mandalay Bay (both in walking distance). If you want to pimp it, grab a cab for the Wynn, but don't forget those leather shoes.
3	now to start i give the lovely Tropicana a 3 star rating because of the pure humor associated with the stay.  this hotel is the exact reason why a person should NEVER go by the pictures of the rooms on the 'net. now i know that this casino is 50 years old and it not a lot could possibly be expected, but when your low expectations are disappointed you know you're in for an interesting stay.upon arrival i had to pay an additional 30.00 dollars for some nonsense regarding the reservation, i'm sure it was justified; i do try my best to not donate too much money to casino's.  after staggering around the casino like a bunch of douche bags because if you follow the mirrored wall it takes you around the ENTIRE casino.the ground floor is actually level two, once we found our wing we couldn't figure out why we were in the 1000's and yet the elevator only went down to the 2000's.  we finally were able to find one of the housekeepers who pointed us in the direction of a stairwell which lead us down to the real ground floor.. or basement as some may call it.  luckily our room was in the absolute corner of the basement, when we booked the room was really was hoping to get the far corner room with the view of the parking lot and trash receptacles.  coincidentally the exit to the suite tower was right across the way also.  thank god they don't believe in screens and i was able to climb out the window to stand in the broken glass that was once the window i had climbed out of for a smoke. though don't think for a second that just because the lights didn't work, the air conditioner sounded like a jet engine and the water couldn't quite decide whether it wanted to be freezing cold or scalding hot that this place is bad.  when you hit the pool you will then realize that rather than a comfortable sleeping experience they dumped all their budget in to the tropical pool area - hence the name Tropicana.will i be back? maybe, maybe not. probably not.
4	It's so crappy it's cool.  The rooms smell, but it's the smell of Vegas.  The "restaurant" specializes in fried food, the sports book is the size of a closet...classic old school.
1	If you ever wondered where the magic of Vegas crawled into a hole to rot,  look no further. Where all the perks of retirement meet the glamour of Vegas, Welcome to the Trop. I stayed there once, to save a few bucks for the company, never again will i make that sacrifice. The hallways and rooms smelled so bad of fermaldihyde that i couldn't bear it. Their food court and restaurants are terrible. The free Folies Bergere show is lame. The rooms look like a retirement community from florida.  steer clear if you can!
3	I go to the Tropicana everytime I am in Las Vegas because this is where the Palace Station's shuttle bus stops on the Strip. Otherwise I would never go here.  But, I have to go inside and play a bit as I await the shuttle.   Too many sales folks there from Tahiti Village bugging others!  Leave me alone, I do not want to go to Tahiti Village!!The Tropicana casino is "ok". I never ate there.  The facade is rather old and run down. I'm always glad when the shuttle arrives to get away from there.  Its not one of the better Strip casinos.
1	Pretty simple room... um... not too impressed...but hey, if you want to pretend you're in the Bahamas, you're in luck...And the housekeeping staff don't care if you put a DO NOT DISTURB/CLEAN/WAKE ME UP sign in the room..they'll barge in anyways.
3	I am amazed at the lack of thinking that has gone into some of the reviews of the Tropicana. Torn down ..... no way !!Old School Vegas ..... of course ! it is one of the oldest in Vegas.You get what you pay for ....... of course you do !Internet access 14.00 a day  .... who comes to Vegas for the Internet ???You stay at the Tropicana because it is on the corner of  the Strip with the MGM, the New York NewYork and a simple tram ride from the Excalibur down to the Mandalay Bay.Think about it ...You room is costing you $100.00 - 160.00 less per night than if you were right across the street at the mega hotel complex.If you are in Vegas to party, to visit the studio 54, to drink, to dance, to hit the table games at the casino, then think of the money you have to work with by "walking across the street."If you are on your honeymoon and plan to stay in your room for quite a while then get a room at the Venetian ....If not - use common sense and spend your money where it does the most good - not on a room that you see in the dark of night.The tropicana lends itself to some excellent experiences, party across the street at Studio 54, eat at the 9 Fine Irishmen in the New York. Splurge at the Craftsteak in the MGM with the money you saved on your room. Take that 100.00 and by in at the poker room at the MGM.The tropican pool is a great experience in the summer, with all those little isolated coves and the swim up blackjack - the first in vegas.Yes, you do have to walk a ways to your room, the rooms in the garden area are old and simple, the towers are a bit nicer and yes the food is probably not what you are hoping for but the key is LOCATION.My son and 4 of his friends stayed comfortably with me in one of the tower rooms, so don't talk about cramped style.I am amazed at the people who want to pay 49.95 a night for a room and then think they are going into a room that is the same as the Bellagio ......Think LOCATION ......... just  think a little and you will have a grand time at one of the old Grand Dames of Vegas.
1	Im all for location and saving a few bucks and then throwing it back onto the casino floor, but I opened the fridge to put away my sandwich  and their was a soggy, molding, towel.  I slept on top on the sheets from that night on.
2	I stayed here on my first of 6 trips to las vegas.  As i had just turned 21 i did'nt like the fact there was no night life.  But it is in a good enough location you can go to new york and mgm for that.  The problem was'nt the staff or the room.  It was the bathroom.  We got in the room and my friend nick  went to take a leak.  When he returned he couldnt stop laughn.  The people who stayed in the room before us took a dump in the top tank so when you would flush it brown would come out.  They thought it was funny but i called the front desk and asked to be moved to another room.  Then they told us they think one of us did it and didnt want to move us.  Why would we shit in the top tank if we are going to stay there for 5 days.   The other room was great as was the trip.
3	It was a room to sleep in. And for $20 we got a upgraded room with a sweet view of the MGM from the ~20th floor. If you want a place to go in Vegas just to sleep try this place or Imperial Palace (slightly better location...)We def. got what we paid for. The room even came with a bath matt!!!!
2	Well it's on the strip and near by mass transit and connections to the highway. The room was nothing special, standard cheap hotel beds, decor, and towels but nothing offensive either. Rates are a bargain though since this is an older hotel/casino and it is at the far end of the strip. If you are coming to Vegas to enjoy the other sites and sounds, then this might be the hotel for you if you want to save a buck or two for something else. If you are expecting to lounge in the lap of luxury in your resting hours and enjoy some fantastic room service, head towards the center of the strip and some of the newer, better staffed, more opulent casinos. I will say though that they have a decent free trapeze show fairly regularly. I'd like to give this place 2 and a half stars but I don't think it merits a third.
1	This hotel truly sucks. It doesn't look like it's been updated since the 80's and most of the patrons looked middle-aged or older, though I did see some younger people. I only came here to see the Titanic exhibit. It took me forever to find it. I thought it was pretty good, though a little scary because it's kind of dark in there. It also didn't help that one of the staff members was unlocking or locking the cases and kept setting off the alarms. Talk about distracting and annoying!After I finished the exhibit, I tried to get out to the parking lot as soon as I could. I ended up getting lost outside in the pool/spa area where it's so dark that I started freaking out that someone might jump out of the bushes and attack me. I finally made it back to my car after having walked as fast as my legs could carry me. They seriously need to invest some money in renovating this sorry hotel or just raze it. I didn't even see the rooms, but they're probably not much better than the common areas.Good tip: Book through Priceline and get a great price at a better hotel! I got Planet Hollywood for $70/night and it's a lot better!
3	The Tropicana is old.Its small in comparison to its newer counterparts.The casino is always pretty busy, but once again its quite small compared to the other casinos on the strip.Its got a couple of restaurants, but nothing to squawk about, and they're all a bit over priced.The rooms aren't fancy by any means, and the beds are so old you can tell how many times someone's been pounded on them by the way they seep and sag when you sit on the edge.Still, for the price, the Tropicana ain't bad.  If you're looking for a simple room with a clean shower and a bed to sleep on (or get pounded in) this is the place.  You can spend less by staying at the Tropicana so you can spend MORE at other, classier places on the strip.  Whether that be taking in a show, eating at a grand buffet, or blowing thousands on a poker table.  If you're looking for five star accommodation with mind blowing room service, a in suite hot tub and sauna for an account breaking price well into four or five figures, this is NOT the place for you!  Try the Bellagio or something.  But if you're looking to save so you can play hard elsewhere don't pass this place up.  It's worth looking into.
2	Eww Eww Eww. Nasty pink floral bedspread from then 70s. Looks like it has never been washed. I was afraid to go barefoot in my hotel room. The non-smoking room smelled like smoke. Good prices for people on a budget. At least it was still better than Imperial Palace.
1	My boyfriend and I are from Boston and spent Christmas in Las Vegas. The trip would have been amazing if it hadn't been for our mistake of booking our room at the Tropicana! When we first arrived our flight was hours before check in, and the staff was incredibly rude when we asked about checking our bags. They gave us a time frame as to when our room would be ready, and the room was still unavailable long after that time. We ended up talking to several staff members until one of them was kind enough to reassign our room.There are several different kinds of rooms you can get at the Tropicana. The cheapest are the "Garden" rooms which are located in more of a motel type of atmosphere. We heard not so good things about those rooms, so we upgraded to the "Tower" rooms. We were placed on the 12th floor. The first thing I did was go in to use the bathroom. Hard water stains made the toilets look like they had caked on feces remnants, and I found several hairs on the hand towels and on the side of the tub. I am not a picky customer, and I have found just about any and every hotel experience to be more than spectacular just because I am excited by being in a different place, but this disturbed me.The room itself is extremely outdated and dirty. Stains on the carpets and couch, the windows covered with dirt. Something that some people might enjoy but I found to be creepy is the bed (we had a room with one King size, I am unsure if it is different for the 2 queen size bedrooms) is surrounded by mirrors. The headboard that is one big mirror goes all the way up to the ceiling, and then another mirror starts at where the headboard stops and stretches over the entire bed. Another mirror takes up the whole wall on one side of the bed, so you are basically surrounded by your own reflection.Having horror memories of "Bloody Mary" and "Candyman", we asked for a room change. The staff moved us to another room, which was a "mini suite" in which they swore didn't have the mirrors. It had the mirrors. The mini suite was a slightly larger room that is put on a corner, so if you throw open all of the curtains you have views of Tropicana Blvd/MGM Grand, and Hooters. My recommendation: save your money, the mini suite is not worth the extra money, whatever the cost difference might be. I actually hated the room change because the bathroom reeked of sulfer and the toilet made weird gurgling noises every ten minutes or so. Our room was next to an exit stairway, and every time that door was opened, our door would make a weird clicking sound that sounded like someone was breaking into our room.The bed was disgusting. The sheets felt grimey, and I was so itchy I ended up sleeping in socks, sweatpants, and a sweatshirt with the hood pulled up over my head. The cover sheet had a reddish blood(?) stain on it.We ordered room service on one of our mornings, and I can say one positive thing. They were quick, and the food was decent and warm. Phew!Speaking of food, DONT EAT AT THEIR BUFFET!!!!! The price may be good if you are on a budget, but it will not be worth the money you save. The "freshly carved meat" that the were serving was covered in gizzard and fat, and even though I am one of the least picky eaters in the world, I left at least 90% of my meal on the plate. I suggest you suck it up and spend the extra $10 bucks a person, go across the walk way to MGM, and eat like royalty at their buffet. The difference between the two buffets are like.... well, think of any two extremes.They have two cafes by the name "Java Java". Do not order hot chocolate or hotdogs. Those are the two things I had and both were disgusting. I cant imagine anything else being much better, but I'm not planning on finding out.Overall, I was very unhappy with my stay, but luckily, we spent as little time possible in the hotel, so the rest of the trip was great! My summary is: spend the extra money for a different hotel. Tropicana may be one of the cheapest hotels to stay in on the strip, but it is by NO means worth it!
2	The first room we were given was one of the elite sounding "Five Thousand" rooms.  We soon learned that 5,000 referred to how many years it's been since the rooms were renovated or cleaned.  After complaining, we were changed to a room in the Paradise Tower, which was nicer.  As for the rest of the hotel, there's no nightlife beyond a lame karaoke lounge, the Trop Shops are tacky and the restaurants weren't appetizing.  The pool isn't bad; there's a fun waterfall and two or three jacuzzis.
5	Will definitely stay there again, and they've remodeled.  Poolside is awesome with lovely waterfalls, great for photo ops.  The resort/casino is centralized and adjacent to other major casinos/hotels like MGM, Excaliber, New York.  The hotels are tropical in color, making the stay extremely pleasant & relaxing, in addition to a nice size balcony & chairs.  Of course, there's a Starbucks in the hotel.  Friends sang at the karaoke lounge, with me rooting them on to Bon Jovi songs.  Although the crowd scene was older & they looked bored, so we moved onto the club scene down along the strip.  Champagne buffet was ordinary, but we tried it anyway.  Can't complain since the prices were moderate, compared to Rio & Wynn buffets.
2	When we've spent time in Las Vegas, we've stayed at various hotels for various reasons. I'm not one to be willing to pay large amounts of money to stay in a fancy hotel if I'm not going to be doing much more than using the room for sleeping. If I'm going to be spending time in the hotel or using their amenities, then that's a different situation, but to me, it doesn't make sense to pay for a multitude of luxuries that you're never going to use.On our recent trip over Easter weekend, we decided we didn't want to stay at one of the nicer hotels because we were going to be busy and not spending much time in the hotel. With the holiday weekend and spring break and the NCAA tournament, prices were higher than normal. However, we knew that we wanted to be near Las Vegas Blvd. and Tropicana, since that area was where we'd be spending a lot of time, so after finding a good deal on a room at the Tropicana, we decided to stay there. The hotel is on the fourth corner that includes MGM, New York New York and Excalibur, so it's a terrific location.We drove from the airport to the hotel, and immediately, you could tell it was an older hotel, which in and of itself wasn't a problem. However, a lot of the escalators in the hotel weren't working, and from the looks of it, they hadn't been running for some time. There was a lot about the place that also seemed very run-down. Down one hallway on the way to the parking area, there were some nice black-and-white photos of Las Vegas' early days which were interesting to look at. I understand that the Tropicana is one of the oldest hotels on the strip - I'm just not sure it should look so obviously like one of the oldest hotels on the strip.The decor of our room was bamboo-themed but the theming extended to everything, including the dresser and the walls, so that was a bit much. Our room ended up being in a wing at the far end of the hotel, so we had to walk the gauntlet of merchandising carts/kiosks every time we went back and forth to the room, and it was also fairly far away from the parking.The view out the window of our room gave us the Hooters Hotel and Casino on one side and a nearby church on the other side, so I thought that was pretty funny. When in hotels, we've become accustomed to having some kind of refrigerator so that we can get some water and other drinks and keep them cold. Since the room did not already have a refrigerator, the husband called the front desk to ask for one. "What do you want it for?" was the question he was asked. Ummm, to put things inside to keep cold? What do most people want a refrigerator for? To make toast? To put their shoes in? The person asked if we needed it for medication, and we said no, so he said ok, they're going to have to charge us. Ummm, ok. From that part of the conversation, I'm presuming that if we *had* wanted it for medication, then they wouldn't have charged us, but since we just wanted it for normal, ordinary refrigeratory stuff, they would charge us. Ok.One of the worst parts of our stay was that at the bottom of the stairs leading to and from the casino floor were people working for Tahiti Village, and they were VERY AGGRESSIVE every time you walked by. They were very intrusive and on several occasions, even belligerent if you didn't stop and talk to them, all the while playing the "but I'm just trying to give you something nice for free" card. No, actually, you're verbally assaulting me several times a day. It's one thing to get that on the street (not to mention the other bank of Tahiti Village people right outside the hotel) when so many people are handing our flyers and trying to get you into their show, but I didn't expect to have to deal with that in my hotel. I guess it's worth whatever money Tahiti Village pays the Tropicana for them to allow the people to assault their own customers. If I had ever wanted to even consider looking at Tahiti Village, the behaviour of their reps would turn me away. Besides, why would I do something Tanya Roberts wants me to do?I don't envision ever staying there again, given the combination of the state of the hotel, the long walk to and from the room, and the obnoxious Tahiti Village people assaulting you at every turn, making a bad start and end to your day. If we need to stay in that part of the city, we'll spend the little bit more to stay at one of the other hotels.Of course, then there's the question of how much longer the hotel might be there. I happened upon this news story (http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20080506/ap_en_bu/tropicana_bankruptcy;_ylt=Ajua9EieTLQPk43cOis0ADNxFb8C) last week that the owner of the Tropicana Hotels in Las Vegas and Atlantic City has filed for bankruptcy. It's a bit interesting that the branch in Atlantic City lost their gaming license several months ago and so the property is in the process of being sold.Maybe someone can come in and buy the place and renovate it so that it's "classic" and not just "old".
3	Stayed here twice. The first stay was great. We had a room in the Island Tower. It was newly renovated, overlooking the hotel's pool and garden. The second stay was not as good. We booked a garden room and we could not upgrade it to the tower. It was old and very outdated. The prices are pretty good and it's located on a great area in the strip.Lesson learned: If there are no rooms available in the Paradise or Island towers, book elsewhere.
1	Seriously, how does a casino in Vegas go bankrupt?  They have every advantage over the gambler.  And this one has a prime location.  The executives here must be as clueless as the boys from "The Office".  They're not spending all that lost money on renovations.  I've seen Chipotles with nicer interiors.  This haunted house is open all year long.
1	The Tropicana is for old senior citizens. If thats your thing than stay at the Trop. It is in a very good location of the strip and the staff is very nice. This place needs a huge update!We had to settle for this place since it was last minute. I upgraded to the Island Tower which I was told was the newer remodeled version of the Tropicana. hahahaha... Got to our room and it was just straight whacked! The only thing I liked about the room was that we had mirrors all over the place and even above the bed =)Well, at least we didnt have a lagoon in the shower like I did at the MGM Grand.The Titanic exhibit was just ok and nothing I would pay for. Good thing I got it for free from the dogg gone Tahiti Village tour... Hell, every time you turn a corner in the casino, someones trying to get you to go Tahiti Village and buy into their whacked ass time share.On top of all this, the freaking escalators were out of order all the time. I only saw them working once in 3-4 days!!!
3	My friend and I stayed in a double room at the Tropicana for five days in March for a brief vacation. We chose it because it was inexpensive for a vegas strip hotel, and because our guide book said it had very attractive gardens and pools, and that it was some of the last of "old vegas".Negative: Our room, one of their cheapest, was rather run down and desperately in need of being redecorated. Also, I am a tall man, and the shower head was about the height of my shoulders: I had to stoop to wash my hair. In general, the room looked rather run down. Also, the pool was being renovated while we were there and was consequently unavailable despite good weather.Positive: The staff was marvelous, and I mean really above and beyond what I would normally expect at a hotel, even a very good hotel. They were really warm and friendly and made it very pleasant to be there, and made us feel welcome and relaxed and happy. The waitresses in the casino were fast and friendly too. Our room, despite its problems, was immaculately clean and completely functional and the beds were clean and comfortable. The stained glass ceiling in the casino is quite a sight to see. The gardens were, in fact, pretty. And, we enjoyed the inexpensive (for vegas) champagne brunch buffet on the weekend. I can't give this hotel an unqualified endorsement. If I was reviewing it on the basis of the room alone, I'd give it two stars. However, the relaxed attitude of the place and the fabulous staff really made us happy to be there, and as such I speak for both my friend and myself when I say that we would happily return there, either as gamblers or as hotel guests.
1	Hands down, the dirtiest place I have stayed in Vegas. It will now be forever known to me as the Crapicana. Run away!
4	So, I'd only ever heard horrible things about the Trop, but I was going with 2 girlfriend who ALWAYS stay here because they like the pool, it's cheap and it's easy to walk to the dueling piano bar at NYNY. Every time I"m in Vegas, I tip the check-in person $20 and ask for an upgrade. It works about 75% of the time. The girls had booked this and I chose to come at the last minute, so to avoid paying the extra cash for 3 people, I told them to tip and ask for an upgrade and I went to play penny slots while they got checked in.They'd booked the cheapest room possible for Friday & Saturday night. $20 later and we had a paradise parlor suite with two rooms, a king bed, a big couch, a wet bar and an AMAZING corner of the hotel, strip view. Seriously. The best view EVER and the place was big enough to have a party in. It was in the paradise tower which is guess is the newer one, so it was totally nice and clean.The pool is quite lovely. The garden cafe sucks. Decent food, AWFUL service. I did like that the casino was cheap. Nothing makes me sad like losing $15 at a time on a hand of blackjack. I seriously loved our room. I will definitely stay here again, I'll book a paradise room just in case the magic $20 doesn't work cuz I have a feeling I wouldn't want to be anywhere else in the place, but if I could get that suite again without having to pay a ridiculous amount of money for it, it would be awesome.
1	I have not stayed here - this is only based on my gambling experience.  My friend is from New Jersey and gambles fairly often at the Tropicana in Atlantic City so he wanted to check out the Tropicana in Las Vegas.  Since many casinos in Vegas are affiliated with casinos having the same name in Atlantic City or other locations, he just sort of assumed that would be the case with the Tropicana.  Upon entering the casino, he immediately expressed his first impression which was "This place is a piece of crap".  And, he was pretty much on the mark.  But, since we thought there was the affiliation with the AC Tropicana, we went in to play something and register it on his player's club card.  We went to a $5 craps table (because I love them so), threw down some cash for chips and he put his player's club card with his cash.One dealer took the cash, glanced at his card and literally threw it back at him, mumbling in a crotchety way, "We don't take that here".  My friend tried to be cordial and a nice female dealer next to him attempted to explain the issue.  But, the guy who threw the card was still mumbling.  My friend simply said, "Oh, I'm from New Jersey and I use it at the Tropicana in Atlantic City..." and was cut off by the crotchety mumbling guy sarcastically saying, "Do they have gambling in New Jersey?", and then there was this other crotchety dealer sort of egging him on, too.  One other dealer (the money man in the middle) did seem to be trying to keep things friendly but the other guys were a$$es, and my friend, who normally does not get mad about anything, was getting really pissed.  He started to say something back but I cut him off and sent him to the cashier to cash out while I waited because I still had money on the table (pass line).  I cashed out when I was able (I won $2!) and then we left but I really could not believe the way we were treated.  There was no good reason for this completely rude and unfriendly behavior.  I will not return (there are friendlier places with $5 or $10 tables where I would much rather go).
3	If you want to book a room on the Strip at the last minute for a holiday weekend, the Tropicana might be the only available place you can afford. It was for me, and I was frightened. As long as I've been visiting LV, the Trop has looked so crusty from the outside that I've never before bothered to set foot inside. We ended up with a room in the Island Tower, and upon arrival, I was actually pleasantly surprised. It was no Ritz-Carlton, but it was clean and the fixtures were in relatively good shape. Outside of the pool areas, the rest of the property remains pretty crusty, but at least they've put some effort into maintaining the rooms. Besides the age of the place, my only complaint is that check-in was an absolute bear. I haven't been in a line that long or slow since the grand opening of the Viper at Magic Mountain. Nonetheless, it's a decent place for what you pay, and I wouldn't have too many qualms about staying at the Trop again.
3	*First off they recently "upgraded" and somehow managed to dissipate the urine smell other reviewers have talked about.This is a classic casino. I went here with several good friends (which added considerably to the entertainment). This is a good place to gamble and drink (no decent clubs or lounges in here).The slot machines seem "kinder" than many of the newer hotels. The 3-card table seemed particularly easy to win on.The free drinks were flowing and with good quality booze. I appreciate the places with prompt drink service and a decent well selection.We basically sat at tables and slot machines betting minimums to get loaded on their well mixed red bull and kettle vodka cocktails.
1	Sorry Tropicana.... you are gross. I understand that the Tropicana is somewhat of a historical landmark in Vegas these days, but must we really remind ourselves of our tackier, more sleazy Vegas days? I think not. The casino hallways are lined with booth retailers selling trinkets and things you'd find at your local swap meet, the restaurant some of my family went to was a far cry from the Benihana it aspired to be (and I'm not even a fan of Benihana!), and the carpet was so warped in one area of the casino that I tripped on it and nearly fell down. The rooms were cramped and dark and musty and I mean, why would anyone stay there when you could enjoy more luxury in downtown or really, even possibly at the Hooters hotel just behind?? If Hooters is better, perhaps closing is solid option. I always think its good to go out kicking and still on top (or as close as possible) ya herd?
1	this review comes some two years after the fact but was reminded of my craptastic experience by fellow yelper jay d! (thank you jay!)this story is of a bay area girl going to vegas with her then boyfriend for a weekend of import drag races. sounds fun right?! so we decided it would be fun for us to do a road trip to vegas. my then bf was a bit of a procrastinator and could only find us a room at the poopicana..oops i mean the tropicana. i mean he could have gotten rooms at a nicer place but he also doubled as a cheap ass! :D (that is my shit talking shit eating grin.)story continues with us arriving into vegas before our room was ready. no biggie... lunch and then check in. we finally get to check in and we are EXHAUSTED! plan is to sleep for a couple of hours then head out. lucky for us (sarcasm) our room was on the first floor located right next to the entrance of the casino. drunk people are practically standing on our little patio drunk, yelling on the phone and smoking! this did not sit well with the bf, so he called and got our room changed. to the next room we went. me: "this room is kind of hot"bf: "i'll turn on the ac"me: *standing next to vent* "i don't feel shit."turns out it was broken. i called the front desk and they get their maintenance man on the scene. hours later he shows up. he does what i like to call "jack shit". the room remains hot. did i mention that vegas was in a heat wave on this particular weekend in july. i mean it's only like 130ish outside. we decide to tough it out. bad idea. bf gets drunk that night. when we got back the room was like a sauna. bf gets drunker.next morning i can't take the 85 degree hotel room and i get us switched, YET AGAIN! we walk into our third and final room for our two night stay in vegas. it was dark but i could feel the breeze of the ac rustle through my hair! bf walks in first, i follow....bf: "ummmmm...."me: "are those mirrors on the ceiling?!?!?!?"bf" "and on the walls?"me: "is there any spot in this room that doesn't have mirror on it? OMIGOD babe we're in a '70s porn room!"bf: "i didn't think these existed anymore?!"me: *jumps on bed* "this could be kind of cool?!"bf: *jumps on bed*me: *laying on bed looking up to the ceiling* "ya... this isn't as cool as i thought it would be. the lights are staying off tonight"it wasn't a urine soaked room like jay.. but it's probably a good thing i didn't have a black light for that last room... then i probably would have seen cum stains all over the walls! **GAG** that was the last time i stayed in a hotel on the strip! thank god for friends who live in or have vacation houses in vegas!!
3	Stayed here over the 4th of july weekend 7/4/08, I wasnt sure I would like this place since I checked it out on yelp before I went. So I guess my expectations were low or something but once I got here it wasnt that bad. I actually like my stay there. I didnt get any of the smells that other yelpers were talking about, which is what I was fearing the most... hehehe... The casino wasnt that smokey either. I was able to sit at a black jack table for about 5 hours and not get bothered at all by smoke. Mizunos(the Japanese benihanna restaurant) was awsome! The service was really good and the food was excellent. The buffet I tried and did not like, but the Garden Cafe was great! Had the steak and eggs in the morning and the bacon cheese burger in the evening. All in all the location was awsome, casino was cool, food was good, and price was Great!
1	Holy shite do not stay here. Ever.I know there is this whole school of thought that is along the lines of "why spend extra money on a fancy hotel room I'm only going to sleep in". I am very guilty of subscribing to that school of thought when the accommodation costs come out of my pocket. But the Tropicana is like the prime example as to why sometimes that's completely wrong and just ends up pissing you off and wasting your time.The significant other and I thought this might have been a good place to stay because we were wanting to attend Defcon but as cheaply as possible. We were looking on expedia, and the only place that had a room for sub-$100/night was here. So, we booked rooms. Thought we were getting a fairly good deal, especially given the money we were about to splurge on everything else we were going to do there (joel robuchon! craftsteak! nom nom nom). It was definitely far from our first time in vegas, but we've never stayed at the Tropicana or even wandered into there at all...We were totally wrong.I know not many people actually spend any significant amount of time in a hotel, and we tried not to - most of the day at defcon, at the pool, outside wandering around and doing touristy things - but y'know, it can't be unreasonable to expect the beds to be half decent. But no, this is obviously thin and worn out, weird smelling (I almost daresay unwashed) utter uncomfortableness. Nevermind the pillows...they were pretty nonexistent and I ended up stuffing my laptop bag with clothes and using that as a pillow which ended up being more comfortable. I think I may have been more comfortable sleeping on the floor using my clothes as a blanket too, now that I think about it, except given the state of what was supposed to be washed (the bedding), I'm not sure the floor would have been any cleaner. The bathroom..had a weird toilet with a broken seat and the shower head inconvenienced short little me as well as my 6 foot tall significant other. Fantastic.And also now that I think about it, it's also not entirely unreasonable to ask that I don't see bugs trapped in the picture frames, that I don't see so many stains, and that I get a half decent room, not some ancient piece of shit room with an oldschool TV that's smaller than my laptop's display! Cheap or old I couldn't decide... Oh yeah, did I mention the wifi isn't included in the $8/day "resort fee" they tack on..it's another $13/day. No. thank. you. I also thought I got a non-smoking room. Nope. Maybe it was, but it stank like smoke. Every single building stank like smoke. I blame Nevada's laws.The upside: it had working AC. The pool was not bad but they closed the main one pretty early. We checked out the island buffet for dinner one night and the guy getting us drinks was amazing and actually remembered that my drink was an arnold palmer. The garden cafe had passable breakfast food. That's pretty much it.In the end....we booked a three night stay that unfortunately got shortened to two before the trip. Ended up staying here one miserable night and then hightailed it to the bellagio where we ended up paying 2-3x but for an experience that was so much nicer for the other night. It was well worth it to us.
3	Mirrored ceilings! HAHAHAHAHA! 70's craptastic Tiki-style mirrored ceilings at that!  Yeah, our room reeked of something smelling like acrylic nail filler (Was Shaquanda bein' fancy by callin' up some lady to do her nails in-room after a romp in that mirrored tiki bed? ugh!)  I still think it was a pretty good deal, price and location wise. I'd much rather stay here than that daycare center across the street called the Excalibur. Plus, the Tropicana has a 24-hour pool. a small pool, not the main one, but still....after waiting in line for an hour plus to get into some stupid club at the Luxor (NOT my idea), then finding out they were charging the dudes $50 to get in and my boyfriend refused to pay that much (can't blame him!) , we had a much better time with our margarita bucket at the tropicana pool one hot summer night. This place is stuck in a time warp for sure, but it's really not that bad. Just because everything else surrounding it is flashy and new, it gets a worse rep than it deserves. And yeah, it does smell weird. I wouldn't go here if I had asthma, but you could smoke a cigar in you room if you wanted to without feeling the least bit guilty bout stinking up the place either.
1	This building sighs with tired malaise. I walked around for at least 20 minutes trying to follow the signs for the "Bodies" exhibition. Was offered "free tickets" in exchange for some awful timeshare presentation. Got lost. Gagged at the site of all the ugly decor around me. Left.
2	This place has a few things going for it -- a decent location on the Strip, the low price, the huge swimming pool, and the $5 minimum tables for Blackjack/Roulette. Other than that, the old smoky-smelling but non-smoking room that I stayed in was not up to par with my expectations.For a much better hotel with similar prices, located right across the street from the Tropicana is the Excalibur.
3	i starred the tropicana the same as bellagio. the only differences are slightly smaller rooms, a little smelly (smoke) and decor is aweful.  but if you're gonna get this place, make sure you dont pay more than 100 bucks a night. iits definately not worth more than that.don't get me wrong, is good for what it is. a room, with a shower, ac, and lights haha.
3	Pros/Cons of our recent stay at the Tropicana:PRO: One of the cheapest on-strip, recognizable hotels you can find.CON: The "standard" rooms are pretty horrifying.CON: Our first "standard" room had non-working AC. Ack!PRO: They comped our first night, and upgraded us to the "tower" for no charge the last two nights.PRO: They have a humongous pool with a swim-up bar and swim-up blackjack!CON: The "adult pool" is pretty lame, even if it is nice to have an area that is entirely kid-free.PRO: Location is super convenient.CON: The bathroom in our first room was not what one would call "spic and span." Yeah, I know this con doesn't go with that pro, but it had to be mentioned.CON: Stupid "resort fee" is mandatory.PRO: $5 blackjack! And drinks that are not TOO ridiculously priced.I would stay here again, but I would definitely buck up the extra $10 per night for a "tower" room from the get-go.
3	If I were basing this review on location and price alone, solid 4 stars. I love that it is central to the strip, and I love that the price is reasonable and decent (under 100.00 when we went!). Yes, all of the other reviews are right too, the casino is kind of "retro", the rooms are tacky and 70's, the "adult pool" is kind of trashy. Oh, the 4000 wing, STEER clear of the 4000 wing! if you get a room in the 4000 wing request another! It isn't worth it!! The air conditioning didn't work, there was a dark short curly hair on the toilet that wasn't mine or my best friends, the hot water turned off in the morning while my friend was IN the shower, the hall way sunk (as in pot holes), the room smelled like someone had recently been CSI'd, and did I mention that it was hotter in our room then in the hall way? Sadly for us, they didn't have any rooms available when we went down to the manager on duty, so we had to suffer, BUT they did comp our room for that night and upgrade us for free - so they made up for their horrible 4000 wing. The new room was nice, and had a view of the strip! SCORE! Ultimately, 1st night shitty experience aside, it is a great priced hotel on the strip. If you are looking to stay at the Bellagio or Mandalay Bay, then you wouldn't be looking at this place anyway, because you have insane amounts of money to drop on a weekend! On a budget? this is the place for you! :) Just trust me ans splurge the extra 10 bucks to stay in the Paradise Tower - it is WORTH IT!
3	Oh, the convenience and shame of staying at this illustriously positioned, yet so poorly appointed legend of sandy Vegas lore...The bottom line with almost everyone who bunks at the Trop is price. Not so anywhere else on this end of the strip, so convenient to the big whigs like MGM, Caesar's, NYNY, and Paris. At the Bellagio, for instance, you can be sure that a sizable portion of guests have flushed their savings on rooms in the thin hope that they will strike oil at the tables, thus rendering their outsized tabs a drop in the pan. Not so at the Trop. With its uninspired designs (all queer arabesque and pale earthtone) and shoddy neglect of public spaces, the Trop has clearly conceded that it is now a lowballer's paradise, no longer shouldering its way through the Vegas night alongside the Caesar's and Palms of the world. Even checking in, a process evidently designed to recall the bureaucratic nightmares of the 1970s, takes about a half an hour, including opportunities to roll dice and win worthless coupons. (Yes, you must roll the dice, or the whole process comes to a grinding halt.)The pool remains the decided upside of the casino. Although perhaps not the most hygenic of the strip's piscinas, it's faux mountains and attentive pool waitresses keep things pacific. There is always a fairly young and modestly hip crowd of sun worshippers applying themselves to their solar arts. Swim-up blackjack tables and a fresh supply of frosted margaritas keep most guests in amiable form. And then there is the sun, the sun, the one beautiful mainstay in this ceaselessly renewed landscape of light. Once inside, there is the Celebration Lounge, about as far from paradise as the pool is near. This supposedly celebratory atmosphere generally attracts wasted fiftysomethings hoping to recapture a sordid glimpse of their glory days, and the cover band does its damndest to fulfill these pathetic longings. Invariably some wavering soul transports himself to the dance floor, and everyone feels a deep thrall of embarrassment. Everything rolls steadily downhill from that point on, although it must be admitted the margaritas are especially sweet. If you care to share, a safari of call girls can be found ringing the bar, anxious for faux conversation and a swipe at your wallet. Once you've had your surfeit of salacious activity, you can walk the long gauntlet of consumer junk that lines the passageway from casino to hotel elevator. Fear not, there's nothing in this long landfill of trinkets that will whet your appetite. If there is, it may be time to ease away from the trough...
3	My review is for the casino only, after reading many reviews and trusting my instincts, I've determined that this is not Lizzie's kind of lodging.  All that aside, this is one of my favorite casinos to hang out and gamble in.  I'll admit that I had a great hit about 5 minutes after sitting down the first time I was here, which may just play into my sentiments a bit, but seriously, the real reason I love this casino is because I feel like any minute I'm going to see Frank or Sammy sitting at a poker table, tux tie loose, cigar in hand.  I just FEEL this place, you know?  Its inherent seediness is part of its charm in my opinion.  I know it won't be around forever, and it shouldn't, at least in its present state, but I for one will be sad when it finally gets its long-past-due renovation or ends up a victim of the wrecking ball because I will feel the loss of a casino where I can see the ghosts.
3	8.23.08: Not the greatest and not the best. Pool: Yes, so so not too bad..Rooms: Pretty big, I was surprised by the space plenty of room for 6 girls luggages, sofa included big enough to fit me! Beds: Full size: ugly sheets but it will do.Cheap cheap and cheap. Ask for more blankets and got it right away. Looking for a place to crash after being awake close to 24hrs? This is your place. Big enough space for 15 people..seriously!Party ROOM!
4	I'll keep my old review because it's kinda amazing to realize what an old dump this place used to be.  They've more than renovated.  They've completely re-hauled the whole thing.  It's swanky and cool now!  Good job, Tropicana!OLD REVIEW BELOW:Believe the reviews that say this place is a dump.Read my other reviews, I don't just bash businesses on a regular basis.I have a lot of 5 star reviews.I checked into The Tropicana Sunday night, August 31.I walked into my room and reconsidered that I did not just drive 4 1/2 hours from Los Angeles to sit in this Motel 6 like hotel.I had a discount from Expedia, so it only cost me $45 for three nights! I couldn't pass that up even with all the bad reviews.I should have!I checked right back out after calling Expedia and having them book me a room at The Mirage for $300 for 3 nights!So worth it.Vegas is about opulence and wealth.  If you are sitting in some crappy hotel you are going to be missing out on the whole Vegas vibe.  Vegas is not the place for budget travelers and backpackers.  That's called Europe in your 20's.I don't live in the nicest house, I don't drive an expensive car, but when I go to Vegas I want to make believe I live in that kind of luxury.The Tropicana I am sure would be fine for some low limit gambling or even the long running Folies Burgere show.  But if you are going to Vegas for the first time, or even just want to have a weekend get-away, shell out the extra bucks.  The Flamingo isn't much more expensive and way nicer (read my review of it)  and even Imperial Palace is nicer.Believe all the bad reviews.  I found blood stains on the wall and a pubic hair on the toilet!!!  All of the reviews are true. And so is this one.
3	Though the hotel on the outside and most of the inside looks really old and crappy, the suites look good.  My friend was able to book a suite for free because her parents were frequent customers.  Anyway, it was nice and clean with great views.  I think they deserve 3 stars.  They also gave us free tickets to the magic show (forgot the name of the guy) and it was pretty good...(not spectacular but ain't bad for a FREE show).
4	Island Tower Room:Jacuzzi Suite*jacuzzi in bedroom: check*mirrored headboard/celing panel: check*bar: check*2 window seats with a view of the strip: checkOk. perhaps the Tropicana can't offer luxury at its finest (if you want that go shell out $300/night @ Bellagio. But its not a horrible start when you're pinching pennies. Our room was clean [and VERY affordable]. Staff was friendly. Check in/check out was fast and painless. And the valet brought me back my baby in one piece.
3	It gets 2 1/2 stars for being a "SSS" (Sleep, Shit, Shower). Other than that it is what you'd expect it to be: OLDA little dirtySimply out of style. But let's face it, if you are in Vegas the only time you're going to be spending time in the hotel is to shower, sleep, and shit. So with that said I couldn't expect more of less for this spot. Rooms:Paradise Tower -Overalll simple and old. It's like being stuck in a 70's nightmare with cheesy wall paper. The bathrooms are simplistic to the max, nothing fancy here, and overall the rooms give off this old moldy feel to them. They dont clean them well, our had hand prints all over the mirrored closet doors and chips under the bed, ewwww. But hey, it was only for sleeping, shitting, and showering. Why pay more unless you really want to pimp it?Casino:The casino reminds me of something you'd see in Reno. Just simply old, boring, and boring. You have the normal things.. its just avg. nothing fancy what so ever.Pool Side:Avg pool that took roids. It's like supersizing a Motel 6 pool; well maybe Mega Super Duper Sizing! LOL, it's a cool pool. You can actually find a place to park your azz and have fun. Overall the Trop. is simple, old, and not fancy what so ever. But hey, you pay cheap and you spend more else where. So for that, the trop, though sometimes nasty and moldy, gets 2 1/2 stars from me!
1	One word: Ghetto. From what I remember it's dark and dingy. I guess the theme is suppose to be like the tropics or whatever but I felt like I was stuck in 70s palm tree madness. My mom lost her diamond ring here so I may just be biased, but this place is pretty gross. I'd suggest staying somewhere else before you settle for the Tropicrapa.Live, Laugh, and LunchPatty
2	I stayed in the older part of the hotel and it was.. pretty OLD. The air conditioning wasn't working well but we hardly stayed in the room so it wasn't too bad for the price. The location is really good, the rooms were clean and the pool is nice.If you don't want anything really fancy this one is fine.
2	This place is looking pretty run down on both the outside and the inside.  Very nice pool though.The Comedy Stop is found here, and it can't be beat.  Reasonably priced tickets and the comics are great.......very funny !There was an old grouchy assed bar tender who really thought he was doing me a huge favor by serving me up a $7.00 drink after I politely interrupted him while he was cleaning the wax out of his ear or something with us customers waiting for some service at his bar.  Then, after handing him a $10 bill, I had to remind him that I had change coming back from that !  Like he was getting a tip....N O T .  He acted as though he was hating life.  THEN GO HOME.
1	One word...EWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!   Seriously they should blow this place up and start from scratch. Its just really super oldddddddd. You feel like you just stepped into a greasy 70's movie!  The ceilings are super low which really bothered me.  It was just so weird. If i would've jumped, my head would've hit the ceiling.  There is no air conditioning units in the rooms, just a crank window. Yes, you heard me right, A CRANK WINDOW.  My friend and I were too drunk to realize that they actually had a window in the room and that it was open on a rainy stormy vegas night...so our clothes and shoes that were by the window got SOAKED. I've never seen a window open without a screen in a hotel before, weird.   Basically, when it comes to vegas, you always get what you pay for.  We chose to stay here because it was a last minute weekend get away to vegas and we wanted to spend money on booze rather than a hotel. It was tolerable for a one night stay but I will never stay there again.I will say one positive, its located on a good part of the strip :-)
3	The Trop is one of the cheapest hotels in town, and is in a prime location at the "four corners" area on the strip.  You can get a room for as little as $35.  Just get on their email mailing list.However, the con is that the rooms are really old, and are generally very far away from the casino, so there's a lot of walking involved.  That's true of almost every strip hotel, however.The gambling here is fairly nice.  Very quiet casino these days.  The blackjack tables have $5 minimums, and there's a varied array of slots.  One thing i would recommend is their free craps class at 10 am on certain days of the week:  if you want to play craps, they teach you the right way.  VERY valuable.
2	My friend is a fan of the tiki.  She loves it and so do her friends, so when they recommended the Tropicana, we just had to go.  We were told to get a room with a patio next to the pool.  It was the summer but we still managed to have our reservation request honored.  It was fun.  The room was aged and smelled of old air conditioning, but that was okay, since we weren't going to spend the whole time in the room.  Poolside it felt very 50s like- a walk up bar in the pool with kids running around and people lounging around, sipping margaritas and pina coladas in plastic, football shaped mugs filled.  It was crowded with the cheap crowd, but still, we had fun.We visited again during the spring and that's when the degradation of this place showed.  We requested another room poolside and got it.  The problem is that they didn't tell us that the pool was closed for the season. Thanks alot.  They said that the indoor pool was available.  We made our way over there, but it was scary.  Abandoned and dirty, you could see weird stains on the bottom.  We and the other people who trickled to the area took one look, and took pictures, since we couldn't believe what we were seeing.Will I stay at the Tropicana again.  Yeah.  It's cheap and it serves its purposes.  All the things that aren't great about it can be forgotten on a summer day and night.  But don't expect the decadent Las Vegas experience.
1	We stayed in the older part of the hotel and the experience was gross.  Peeling wallpaper in the room meets urine stains from a previous guest on the toilet which took 5 hours for the staff to address properly (you know...like cleaning it).  Disgusting.  It may be inexpensive, but it was also unsanitary.
1	How have more people not reviewed this place? It's a 20 minute trek from the lobby to the motel six looking room. DO NOT GO HERE.
3	THE PLACEFeb weekend (not Valentine's) - room $60 a nightYIIIPPPEEEPool & jacuzzi open 24hrs         - the only casino / hotel that i know of where u can swim at 2aAlso, pool & jacuzzi have an indoor section         - swimming at 2a, N THE RAIN, but u r warm n the heated indoor           pool - FunGood location        - across from MGM & corner to New York New York        - clean / safe end of stripBOOOOAir conditioning n r room hardley worked         - thank goodness it was winter and even so r room was still hotThis place is old & run down         - clean enough to sleep in but dont expect much
1	UMMMMM yeah never again.I have no problem with older hotels as long as they are kept up. Unfortunalety this one is not in that catergory. First off the staff , when I checked in, was very unfriendly and didnt help any in solving our problem of the room not showing up as prepaid. Second, the walk from the front to the "paradise tower( i think this is what it was called but it was not paradise)" had to be about 7mins long. By the time I got to my room I was SWEATING!!! Third the rooms are out of some bad 80s porno movie with mirrors on the walls next to the bed and the ceiling( i guess this could be a good thing though). I was told the buffet was good by some friends who ate there but I cant speak first hand about it. The casino is average, but the deals at the table games were beyond nice, helping with rules for anyone who didnt know and joking around.I will never stay here again but honestly if you dont plan to spend much time in the room this would be fine. Although dont say I didnt warn you
1	What can I say about this old relic of a casino/hotel. Well I can compare it to an old whore who is way past her prime and is still "trying" to work it. Keep in mind I went in the summer of 2007 so it has been a while it might or might have not improved. So I walk in and you can see the old paint fading everywhere. Once you walk in you can see the hotel has aged bad. From the check in desk with the ancient fish tanks behind them with the half dead fish to the ugly ass carpet that was cool maybe in 78. The elevator is as shaky as a freight elevator and the rooms are interesting. The room we had were stained walls and carpet. A shower that sprayed everywhere but your body. The pool is another story the day my wife and I decided to go swim it was shut down due to some idiot who almost broke his neck goofing off. So the only pool open was the adult only pool. Yeah it was cool till the cougar in the corner took off her top and the slight odor of extra chlorine and semen in the adult only pool. All I can say about this hotel is just like the old whore who is still working it, its good only if you are in a pinch and don't got cash to splurge on something better.
3	2.5 starit was only ok. i stayed for 2 nights only for a concert. and since i wasnt going to spend all day in the hotel, i opted for a cheaper hotel. the blanked was very static-y. the bathtub was kinda dirty but it wasnt gross. the room didnt have a resort type of decor to it, even though they charge a RESORT fee in the end of december @ 30 degrees F. my window opened to many palm trees smushed right in front on the glass.
3	Being completely exhausted by days and days of a convention--I really wanted a place to just crash into deep and unrepentant slumber night after night. The Tropicana is in a prime location to do this cheaply and keep my bank account happy. By the reviews, I was really expecting to find a dead body in my bathtub when I'd come home at night. No luck. No needles in my trash receptacles or homeless person outside of my room. My search was fruitless. Some guests get all the luck!O.K,.to be clear--the place is a dump. The casino smells like a bowling alley. The decor is un-apologetically vintage. This hotel is like staring at a a severely wounded animal on its last limb before it expires into a vague memory. It's not ritzy or chic, but it is cheesy, even ludicrous in appearance. Therein lies it's charm. At least to me. The Tropicana is a strange remnant of an Old Las Vegas--outshined by its excessively glamorous neighbors.Since I was rolling solo, the Tropicana served me just fine. If you've come to Vegas to feel like a rock star, stay elsewhere. If you feel like being kind to your bank account and would like a prime location on the strip--the Tropicana has got your back! The beds might not, but the hotel does.
1	Good god this is the worst hotel I've ever stayed at.  The rooms smell bad and are humid but cold (odd I know).  I don't trust the food one bit.  The swimming pool, though expansive, is dirty and smells bad.  I found bandaids all over the pool area (gross; seriously gross).
4	I didn't stay at the hotel, so this review is based soley on the casino.The hotel did look a liiiiitle ghett.... but I won't say anything else about it.... The casino I liked because they had several $5 black jack tables and FREE drinks! I can't give them a bad review b/c they took all my $ :)I would recommend going here if you aren't looking to blow all your money right away. $5 black jack is FANTASTIC!!
2	It is cheap, that's for sure. Even with the extra $8/night for "amenities". This doesn't  get you into the fitness center but you can soak in their small, dark hot tub and swim in their small, dark indoor pool. It's probably a better deal in the summer when the outdoor pools are open. But it is cheap. And pretty dusty and worn. But cheap. and close to the MGM where you can get a decent morning cup of coffee.
2	Tacky has a new definition - the Tropicana. Spent the weekend here as recommended by the hosts of the UK/US scooter rally this year. As many times as I have stayed in Vegas, I have never stayed here and had no idea what awaited me. Im usually a big fan of not spending a lot of coin on a hotel. If you're like me, you dont spend much time in them, so whats the point. Following that logic, the Tropicana should be a no brainer.Well, not in this case. Its hard to believe a Casino built roughly 30 years ago has not seen an upgrade when you consider the wear and tear one must go through in Vegas. Carpet repaired with duct tape?Original faux bamboo couches? Multiple dark stains on the carpet that look suspiciously like blood?The omnipresent aroma of a men's locker room?You dont need sophisticated instruments to know that there are poor attempts to eliminate vile fluids from every surface of this place. One room is good for 1000 CSI episodes.Its because of this, its seriously hard to get any sleep despite your disposition or lucidity. And the mirrors on the ceiling? Useful to better time the dry heaves you get just thinking about all of the gnarly debauchery.Set this place on fire, please.Jesus.
3	If you book a stay in the Tropicana, expecting to get something like what you would expect at the Wynn, then forget about it. If you stay here then know what your getting. Its a fairly nice casino, and not too bad of a hotel. Your rooms here will usually be among the cheapest on the strip, which is my kind of place :)If you like to "pop bottles" and be all extravagant in Vegas on the ole plastic, then by all means, I'm sure the Vegas economy will thank you. If your looking to go out to Vegas on a budget and have a great time, then I recommend trying the Tropicana. My favorite thing about Tropicana? The Craps tables. I have had more luck in Tropicana than anywhere. The guys & gals running the tables are not complete jerks like some of the more high end places. The tables get crazy first thing in the morning! I have had the most luck in the AM when minimum bet is still $5.There is also a nice little restaurant that has good breakfast. I think its called the Garden Cafe? Anyway if your in the casino its by the pool/courtyard area. The breakfast was really good and reasonably priced.
3	You pay for what you get.  The rooms here are big...although the lumpy couch and bed leave you wanting to wear a snuggie over your pajamas.  The mirror over the bed is pretty hysterical because it looks straight out of a pron set from the 70's.  Not that I've seen pron from the 70's.  Also, no free wireless.  So when booking - add the 13 bucks for wireless to your budget.  The buffet is expensive and not good...except their fried goods, but really, how do you mess up fried goods?!  If you're coming in late, it's.better to eat dinner at the airport.
1	All I have to say is "shit hole"  Just thinking about it makes me want to vomit.  And don't even get me started on the mirrors on the ceiling.
2	I booked the island tower, after reading reviews about the garden rooms.  The garden was 24.95, and the Island was 34.95.   Well, after reading more bad reviews about the Island tower.. I did the $20 trick and got upgraded to the paradise tower.  I think I could have just paid the difference and saved a little.The room was average overall, but my pet peeve was the bedding..  They had some kind of paper under the sheets, there wasn't much else between the sheets and the mattress!  The linens were very cheap quality!  I didn't sleep well at all.The air conditioning worked great, and cooled the room very well.Overall, I've been in nicer places.   I would be scared to see what the Island or Garden rooms are like after being in the Paradise tower.The plus is the TV got alot of channels, including CNBC.  They also have TV self checkout.     The paradise tower is close to the bridge to MGM, and Excalibur.   There is also a free tram right across the bridge to the Mandalay and Luxor.
3	i like the trop. it's comfortable & nice. staff are cool/nice. nice pool. good location. i used to stay here 17 yrs ago, when i was in my early 20's , but i've moved on & would rather stay at hooters, downtown or wherever the complimentary rooms are.  i still enjoy gambling here. good food
1	I'd say that I'd never stay at this place again with a certainty.  Good Lord.  I have nothing bad to say about the casino except for its lack of waitresses.  Our room, which was supposed to have a "balcony", actually had a patio that lacked any view besides a gross wall and the nasty, smelly SANDBAGS that rested upon it.  The room itself was big enough, but lacked lighting and absolutely REEKED.  So gross.  I can still smell it days later.  Besides that, I can't think of a whole lot more to complain about.  The staff was nice enough, but for the price, you're better off sacrificing location and heading to Circus Circus, where at least your skin won't be crawling the entire time.
1	**Update 05/28/09**I got an apology via yelp, but no follow through on the part of Tropicana. Wah, wah, wah....don't stay there!!Make sure to bring ajax for the bath tub!I'm so disgusted that I'm yelping in the room right now. We got a corner room in the Island tower  with the sex mirrors on the ceiling. I called housekeeping to come in and remove the cum stains and they couldn't reach it or whatever so room 692 has nasty thick stains on the ceiling mirrors.Our friends room has security issues. Two random guests got in with their key while we were in the room. We had to go with them to re-key everything then the front desk clerk had them go back up to the room to ensure it was locked and all other keys were deactivated by swiping that card. That delayed our dinner plans about half an hour. After going to dinner, I walked over to their room to get ready and opened the door with no key. Turns out the battery was dead on the lock so anyone could've walked in ALL day! Maintenance spent about an hour fixing it and we were again delayed in getting ready since there were security and maintenance guys in the room. I called the manager, Mike Diemer, and all he did was comp 2 breakfast buffets for a party of four. If their stuff had been stolen or they had been raped, breakfast buffets would be out of the question. The only thing I liked was the pool.Again with all the competition on the strip this type of customer service is unacceptable no matter how cheap the rate is.
4	ok i have never stayed in the rooms but the pool area is beautiful its a great place to take a friend to talk it's preaty and quiet and has a nice vibe the water fall is beautiful if you are looking for a romatic place on the strip to propose i reccomend it it has something specail about it i'ts going to be sad when its gone.
1	So, a few friends and I decided to be cheap and come to a hotel in Vegas that was cheap. That was something that I regret to this day. The hotel room is alright, slightly better grade than a motel 6. The room felt a bit dirty though. It didn't look like it was dirty, but it sure felt dirty. The casino itself was OK. There are a wide range of tables and slots. The are one of the very few casinos on the strip that has $5 tables. Not many, but some. What made this a freakish trip was actually what happened during our stay. *Story time!*We were walking down the hall back to our room. We saw this African American guy walking down the hallway. As he was stumbling down the hallway, I noticed that his skin was glimmering. I realized that it looks kind of like blood (hard to see because of his skin color). I was like, wow, this guy did really good on the bloody makeup. I he got closer, I realized that it was too real, and it was still gushing out. I was like "WTF?!?!? He got attacked?" We ended up trying to help him get some help. But, apparently he got smashed in the face by a bottle and mugged in the parking lot of the hotel. The same lot we parked our car. At the end, I will never stay here again.
1	Wow this place needs a MAJOR renovation. The rooms are super old and the cleaning crew doesn't even bother to clean up the place. We accidentally left some chips on the floor and after hanging by the pool and returning to the room we noticed they cleaned but most of the chips were still there. They didn't wipe all the couters down completely . They have a little cafe downstairs where we grabbed some lunch my chicken sandwich was disgusting! The cashier was a B**** and FYI lady you're 70's look is sooo LY. The lady at the front desk was a smart ass. It looks like the employees are unhappy, then get another job!!!!! The pool could use some cleaning throughout the day  and there was no way I was going into their jacuzzi with all those kids. Kids+super hot water=lot's of bacteria. NO THANKS! It was cheap and it was a quick trip so that's why we chose this place. I heard stories of this place but I didn't think it was that bad but never again!
4	Note:  4 stars for the gambling, since I have nothing to say about the accomodations...We stayed at the MGM, but came to Tropicana for the gambling.  $5 craps and blackjack = GOOD TIMES and leaving a little less poor than the slightly  more expensive tables at other casinos.  Plus, the dealers were all very helpful (the intricacies of craps are *ridiculous*) and the ventilation was so fantastic that I couldn't smell a cigarette unless I was unlucky enough to be standing next to one.  But then again it's Vegas, so coming out of a casino smelling like cigs, cloves, and booze only means that you enjoyed yourself.And I did.  At the Tropicana.
3	Twice I've stayed at the luxurious Tropicana, and twice I've been astonished. If for no other reason, you have to see the pool. Among the miscreants and derelicts, keep your eyes open and perhaps you'll catch a glimpse of what these eyes have seen. Where else on this green planet can one witness drunken Lucha libres, water balloon fights, 60 year old women ingesting beer bongs filled with watered-down mai tais (administered by yours truly), frequent nose bleeds, Canadadadadian Hullabaloo, and former Hanna Barbera animators throwing down under one roof...or is it under the same canopy of palm trees? The Tropicana Hotel and Casino, that's where. Yes this all took place in the daylight, under the warm Vegas sun, and I am proud to have been a part of it all. Now granted I cannot go into much detail because my first trip was a bachelor party, yes at the Trop, and everyone knows that stuff is top secret, but suffice it to say the there were missed flights-a-plenty. The accommodations: floral and dated. The Pool: vixen/urine filled. The restaurants: all adequately sub-par, except for the buffet which is terrible. I think I may have even dunked a fried chicken drumstick into a vat of sausage gravy, an act for which I was not punished for nor tongue lashed, but rather praised for my creativity.To those Nancies posting your precious little pictures of bloody box springs and mattresses and fingerprints of blood on towel racks, I say shame on you. And moreover what do you expect? This is the Tropicana, not Bellagio you cheap fucks. I think we had 9 guys in two double rooms and were there about 45 minutes total over three days.  You should be so lucky to have actual Vegas blood on your mattress. It's like going to NYC and getting mugged, you can't bring home a better story than that. And what are you doing inspecting your underbedding anyway you germophobes? I defy you to take a blacklight into ANY hotel room and come out clean. What if that were the blood of some showgirl who wronged Deano or Frank? We're talking serious eBay Vegas fodder here kids, maybe a history lesson. To introduce a little levity into the situation I've posted a few lighthearted images of my own...enjoy. See you at the Trop, sunburned and drunken, planning your next misadventure!
3	This hotel is a great place to stay on the cheap to experience Vegas.  It's a short walk to Excalibur, MGM, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, and more.  However, the inside is VERY dated.  Our room had mirrors on the ceiling and all around the bed (but otherwise was great - even had a wonderful garden tub).  To get to the paradise tower you had to go through a row of what I can only call rejected mall kiosk carts.  After 4 days, I really got sick of someone asking me "Do you want me to clean your jewelry?".  I also got really tired of people flagging us down to try to go to their timeshare talk.The buffet looked pretty meh so we avoided it.  The coffee shop was adequate, but wouldn't give us the order to go (we assume it's because they wanted to charge for room service instead).  The casino itself was adequate as well, but we mostly played elsewhere.  The pool, however, was AWESOME.  If I would have had more time, I would have been down there every day.  I was sad the swim up blackjack wasn't open when we were there, but awesome that they have it.All in all, great place to stay if you're on a budget but still want to be in the middle of everything - but you'll probably spend your time eating and playing elsewhere.  Also, spring for the paradise tower.  It's still cheaper than most other places, and they have been renovated MUCH more recently than the rest of the place, apparently.
5	Stayed here for a bachelorette party - we are a little more experienced in matters of Vegas partying than your classic bachelorettes. I found the location to be fantastic. The rooms were perfectly comfortable and the pool was wonderful. It wasn't too crowded, and the space felt much more intimate than many other vegas pools. The swim up blackjack had us going all day long. I'm not the biggest fan of it because I'm particular about where the sun hits me and all kinds of other things. But my friends Did. Not. Stop. I'm glad the older properties are still around. It makes it possible to be in the middle of things and not obsess about your budget. I had a really good hungover snooze by the grass from noon til about 2pm one day. All was calm and peaceful. Thanks Trop!!
5	This review is for the casino.I loved the craps tables here.  From 2:30am-5:30am I was here rolling dice with degenerate gamblers, gruff dealers/stickmen and had a great time.  So why did I have a great time?  I tip the dealers.  Nobody on the table did but myself.  I put one dollar on hardway's six/eight randomly from time to time and I nailed it six times with three different sets of dealers.  They liked me alot.  The one stickman who was being a real asshole to the other players kept saying "Brian, come on can you just hit this?  I've been here over 40 minutes and this isn't happening."  When I finally did nail the hardway sixes he bellowed out "Thank God, it finally fucking happened.  Thank you Brian, I mean sir....."I had one dealer who reminded me of Dax Shepard from Punk'd, Employee of the Month, Idocracy.  He was constantly hitting on some girlfriend of one of the player.  When I reminded him that he missed paying me on my Come Odds he said in a loud voice "Dude, can you blame me?  Look at the rack on this girl.   I want to CUM too."  Priceless. The boyfriend didn't care because his girlfriend was making good money on the rolls and place six/place eight.  This is one of the lowest limits on the strip for craps.  I was going to hop on the blackjack tables until I saw the 6:5 payout on single deck.  EWWWWWWWWWWWW!  I will be returning on my next trip just to play here in hopes I can hang out with the classy dealers.
1	*Takes deep breath* Wow, wow, wow. Where do I start?1) It's old, and you can tell.  A casino like this really needs to bebdoing some facelift or else it will go down like Stardust.  It doesn't have the "Viva Fabulous Las Vegas" vibe... at all.  The casino is just really sad and mopy feeling.2) The walk to the room is incredibly.. long.  From the casino, you need to go walk upstairs (since their escalators seem to always be broken with no hint of being fixed anytime soon).  You then have to pass a really long hallway full of people selling "goodies" on carts, such as blinking cellphone cases and a bunch of junk you wouldn't even see at local shopping malls.  You then have to walk some more, then get into the elevator with no airconditioning. No air conditioning in Las Vegas? Trust me, the ride inside the elevator each time was almost a ride to death with the stench of B.O. floating in the air. By the time you get onto your and into your room, regret of staying here will have soaked in... almost all the way.(3) No room service. WHAT? Yes, no room service past 10 pm. What is the point of room service?  So that people could eat room service during peak hours when all the restaurants are opened?  I was in complete shock, never happened to me in Vegas.  Customer service lady who was a total not customer service like lady told us to go downstairs to the Garden Cafe which is where the room service food comes from anyway.  Wow.  So I had to repeat #2 (walking back down, then back up) with food.  You can only imagine the food got cold by this time.  Oh and the Garden Cafe is a ghetto version of Dennys.  Can you believe?! I know, it's hard.(4)  After you flushed the toilet, it would make a loud screeching "weeee" sound for 30 minutes.  Wow. wow. wow.  Can anyone say worse than Motel 6?!In all, if you're going to be staying in Las Vegas, there is no reason you should ruin your trip with accomdations like the Tropicana.  It is so ghetto and dirty, and it feels really old.  You'll be sorry if you stay here.
2	wow, tropicana... i wish i had read these reviews before i stayed here. the good: -the 4-foot lounge pool and swim-up bar and black-jack-the cheaply priced room-prime on-the-strip locationthe bad:-our reservation was merely a "suggestion", as in we suggested to them that we wanted 2 queen beds but since they refuse to properly use the term "reservation", we ended up with a king in smoking (non-smoking requested); they claim that when you make a reservation, its not guaranteed... so whats the point of making a RESERVATION?! if i book a room i expect it to be held until i get there, especially since its already paid for, which means you CANNOT give this room to other guests-we never received our 2 free magic show tickets-the BS "resort fee" per day to use the facilities; just include it in the room price-the service; why is your staff so rude?-the view (the back parking lot... really?!)-the overpriced watered-down daiquiris and the inept bartender who gave me a strawberry instead of a peach-the woman working the towel cabana who shooed a bee (but not before pissing it off significantly) right into my arm that stung me!-the lack of umbrellas in the "resort" pool area; youre in the desert here and for 10 bucks/day per room, im sure you can spring for some umbrellas to shade the sweltering sun-the broken sink faucet in the bathroom -the super-low shower head (its seriously got to be 4 feet tall)-the crappy a/c; if you stand directly in front of it at night you probably wont die of heat stroke while staying in here-the weird hours... youre a hotel in vegas yet room service stops at 10p and check-out is at 11a-no side-bets/ wheel of fortune at blackjack tables -the room, and especially the bathroom, didnt look like it had been cleaned at all2 stars for this place is high but only because of the pool. not sure if i would stay here again, but probably just give someone elses room number to get into the pool area.
2	Fake Gucci bags anyone?  That is the first thing you see when you walk in the Tropicana.  A sign of what to expect?  Exactly!If you want to see one of the worst sports books in Las Vegas, go to the Trop.  They have a really crappy one that smells pretty old.  That is a novelty in Vegas, right?  Most of the stuff this bad has already been blown up.I would not even try to stay in this hotel.  I can only imagine the bed bug bites I would have to endure.  Food?  Same boat.  I don't want food poisoning.  I can't really think of any reason to tell anybody to go here.  I can find reasons to visit almost any place in Vegas, including the dumps downtown, but this is one place that really doesn't have a single redeeming quality.  Two stars for sucking that bad.
4	You get what you're willing to pay for.The Tropicana is an older hotel with low prices, and with that one has to have certain expectations. We got a king-sized bed in a smoking room, which was exactly what we wanted. Yeah, there were mirrors on the ceiling, but that just adds to the "Vegasyness" of it, you know?The bathroom clearly needed a retrofit - the outlet didn't work, and it was just a little run-down looking, like much of the hotel. However, everything looked and smelled clean - despite being a smoking room, it never smelled like cigarettes - and the Tropicana is in a nice, centralized location, so we were actually able to walk everywhere.The pool is hardly one of those insane, elegant wave-pools with optional toplessness like you hear about in Vegas, but it had a great waterfall, and I felt as if I'd stepped into a film from the fifties - I kept expecting Frank Sinatra to show up. Also, the swim-up bar was a great perk!The casino was...a casino. Pretty much what I would have expected, and as neither of us are big gamblers, I don't know how it really stacks up.The big complaint I had was about the food in the restaurant - sub par. Really not great. The upside was that we were so close we could go lots of other places to eat, and the Excalibur and New York New York got a lot of money from us that way.Basically, the thing to do with the Tropicana (as in anything else in life) is not set your expectations too high - if you're getting a room at $60/night, you're not going to get all the perks and luxuries of a $200/night room.  Be realistic.The Tropicana is a great home base, and that was all we were really looking for,
2	You stay at the Trop because you HAVE to, not because you want to. I will go ahead and list some of my favorite parts:24 hour hot tubs and the "adult" pool area with a waterfall.That about wraps it up. The restaurants are not good, the buffets are nearly inedible, the beds are like rocks, the bartenders are not the warmest sonsovbithces, ugh.. Yeah. Not my first choice.  And seriously, what the hell is up with those fucking bloody hand prints on the mattress in that picture? CREEPY.
4	I would never stay at the hotel here but it is definitely a good place for low rollers to gamble.  The slots and video poker payouts have been decent and I can sit at a machine using the same $10 bucks for awhile.  I once even hit  small jackpot on a nickel machine. Signing up for the players club is awesome because they give you a ton of coupons for free food, drinks, and show tickets. We were even given a t-shirt which I would only wear as pajamas. Comps seem to be easier to rack up then casinos on the strip.  We hardly gamble and get tons of mailers for free or discounted rooms.
1	Ok so I stayed here because my friends said it wasn't bad and we were trying to save a buck since we had spent our money on tics to UFC 100.  We tolerated it, but it has to be one of the worst places I've stayed.  Motel 6 is a fair equivalent.  All I really cared about was the AC worked, and it did.  The pool is nice.  The pool chairs are old.  Get the $16 football drink at the pool.(all you need is one)  I liked all trees around the pools.  I doesn't seem to get too busy, no problem finding a chair.  We upgraded to the island tower, I'd hate to see what the downgrade is.  I'd say Terribles is better.  We didn't really use cabs, but they didn't seem to come by there too much. So if you don't care where you sleep and are trying to save money I guess this is the place for you.  And once you go into other casinos and don't see silver tape covering the holes in the carpet on the casino floor, you'll know what I mean.We did try the$19.99 two lobster tails at Legends.  Now that is a deal and it was good.
1	This place needs an update.  The room was akin to a motel 6 with a awkwardly placed shower / tub  The counter service staff people weren't very friendly.
2	Had to go two stars, but for the price, it's an okay place right on the strip. Table games are often $5, which is nice if you're cheap like me. Pool was nice, water was cold as hell. Yeah, the place needs, and evidently is getting, a remodel and add on. But, then it won't be so cheap. Damn catch 22's.Our room in the tower was okay. Definitely a bit old and worn, but nice. After looking at these pictures, I'm glad I didn't look too closely.Under no curcumstances should you ever be tempted to go to the buffet. It sucked. The food wasn't even worth the $12 for a quick lunch. And the deserts must have been sitting there for at least 2 days. Really bad.
4	I went high roller style with my boyfriend for a birthday a couple years ago and got the honeymoon suite.Let me tell you, it was awesome.  If you are staying at the Tropicana (and why not?) it is totally worth the $50 upgrade / $40 cash tip at check in.  The room has wicker furniture, which is pretty laughable, but also a hot tub in the bedroom and mirrors on the ceilings... everywhere.  I can't even imagine how many hookers stayed here in the sixties.  We went on a major hot streak at the casino (which is always a proponent of great memories) and passed this bar on the way back to the room that had a karaoke night.  This was not your amatuer karaoke either but legitimate enertainment.  imagine seeing a group of fifty something asians signing songs so heartfelt that you almost tear up.  i mean this scene was like out of a movie or something.i've been to vegas a billion times in the last couple years, and this was one of the most memorable trips.  old vegas for sure, at a ridiculously cheap price.
2	The check in woman was a complete c word.  She was too busy with her nappy hair to give a crap about us checking in.   The pina colada was disgusting and gave me the shits.
1	If there was an option to give this cheesy, cheap budget hotel negative stars, I would give this star a negative 5 for the worst hotel experience of my life...it's what shit would look like coming out of a giant Chiquita Banana girl, tropically tacky.I have been to hotels around the country and the world and I have never experienced as worse a stay as I did for one night here at the Tropican'ta...aptly named because they CAN'T deliver on anything...the nonsmoking rooms REEKED of stale cigarette smoke, the bedding had an obvious cigarette burn, the decor was outdated, booths selling tacky items lined the hallways, the down elevator button wasn't working on our floor (and when we told one of the employees, he just gave us attitude), and the icing on the cake: my friend and I had some items stolen right out of our room (brand-new iphone 3Gs and brand-new tom ford sunglasses). We reported the break-in, but the hotel did not find themselves liable because according to the system, only our keys were used to enter the room and wouldn't compensate us because there was no proof that we even had those items in the room. We were however treated to their oh so delightful buffet of heated frozen foods. YUM! That totally made up for our almost $1000 dollar loss! NOT. If the Tropicana buffet and a plate of cow bungholes were the last things to eat on the face of the planet, I would choose to eat the cow bungholes.My friend and I didn't really expect anything spectacular knowing that the Tropicana is one of the older hotels on the strip, but we were really disappointed with how everything was handled with our break-in. Come on, the Tropicana, you makes thousands upon thousands of dollars a MINUTE from gamblers crawling in from every corner of the country...you can't compensate your hotel guests of their loss? That is absolutely ridiculous.I will NEVER stay here again...our budget weekend ended up in an almost $1000 loss. DO NO STAY AT THE TROPICANA. Next time, I'll gladly shell out an extra $100 to stay at a nicer hotel.
3	With the tough economic times, my friends and I were on a budget as we planned our first trip together since college. We weren't looking for anything fancy - the Bellagio and other Strip properties were too rich for us - but we did want to be close to the Strip.One thing you can't beat is the location - it anchors one corner of the biggest intersection on the Strip and has Excalibur, New York New York, and MGM Grand just over the bridges.Our rooms were one of the less expensive ones in the Island Tower, furthest from the entrance to the hotel but manageable. Decor was a bit dated but our room had a good view of the Strip and comfortable beds. In general most of the staff we encountered were courteous and helpful, from the valets to the bell staff.We did notice a couple of problems:1. A problem with the 11th floor elevator where we couldn't call a "down" elevator, making the ride downstairs an adventure (fortunately, it appears it was fixed).2. Coming back briefly to the room at around 8 p.m. from a day out and about only to find our our rooms had not been cleaned (we called the front desk before leaving again for the evening and they were cleaned when we got back...still, you have to wonder...)On a positive note, the dealers at the craps table made two of my traveling companions feel welcome as they played...they enjoyed every minute on our last day there.It would be a shame if this hotel were to be plowed under (and fortunately, it appears it'll still be around). With Vegas going completely upscale, it's refreshing to see a hotel that's down-to-earth and provides a good room at a good price. I'd definitely consider staying here again given the chance.
3	It's a cheap place to stay on the strip. I would recommend it to anyone that will be to wasted to really came where they fall down to sleep (the beds were not that great). It's on the strip... how bad can it be.
4	I've stayed here three times and enjoyed the visits.  They have one of the best pools in town.  Can you say swim-up blackjack?  I stayed in their garden rooms on one trip (which I think have been torn down), and the balcony overlooking the pool made me forget I was on the busiest corner in Vegas.   The Trop is an institution in Vegas.  The video poker (my game of choice) has higher win ratios.  I could play all day here on $20.  Like the other older Vegas hotels, the stale smoke smell here is a turn-off.  The smell will get into your pores.  But I blame the Nevada casino smoking laws for that, not the hotels.   I've stayed in numerous Vegas hotels but the one I keep going back to is the Trop.  Chalk it up to less attitude at this hotel.  And unlike the unbelievably overrated Red Rock Resort, the music at the pool does not overpower you.
3	Decent for what it is... You can't be expecting greatness at a place this old. We stayed 4 days & 3 nights total. THE GOOD: Cheap (comped by my BF's dad being a regular customer), $5 blackjack tables (fun!), nice servers at the pool & loved the peach daiquiris, nice ladies working at the coffee place (can't remember the name), easy to get a taxi here. It's an easy walk over to MGM, then NY NY, Excalibur, Luxor & Mandalay Bay. Walking thru the hotels & staying in the AC is key. THE BAD: hard beds, yucky sheets, small towels like sandpaper, crappy shower heads, crazy elevators (waiting 10 minutes at the elevator is not cool -- wanted to take the stairs, but they are emergency only). Internet service is $12.99 per day on 1 device (i.e. I got 24 hours on my laptop, but couldn't have that be on my iPhone too).  Go here if you won't be spending much time in your room!
3	Stayed at The Trop last week...It seems that three kinds of people stay at The Trop - old people, Europeans and cheapskates (um, value seekers). Or some sort of combination of the above. Not exactly the most glam crowd.But the one thing that The Trop has (and you don't even have to ask for it)...MIRRORS ON THE CEILING! Which explains why so many of the old folks had such wonderful smiles on their faces emerging from their rooms. Which is not really a happy thought for me, but seems to make grandma and grampa super happy.The Trop is what it is. $5 blackjack is awesome. If you get bored, Mandalay is right down the street and MGM is directly across the street.It was in a state of shabby repair, but it wasn't dirty. Just old.All in all, you can't beat $36 a night.
4	So when we returned this time to stay here, we spent the extra 20 bucks on an upgrade to the paradise tower.  It was soooooo worth it.  It was still only 70 bucks average on non-weekend nights and the room was so much nicer.  No mirrors on the ceiling/walls/etc, bed was MUCH more comfortable, though I was sad we didn't get the awesome tubs that were in the island rooms.  And it seemed like the walls were paper thin - I could hear full conversations of people standing outside or in the next room.The best part about the paradise tower?  The fact that the room was actually located conveniently near the front of the casino, and not ALL THE WAY IN THE BACK where you have to walk 10 minutes and through aggressive rejected mall kiosk vendors.  Seriously, I didn't want my ring cleaned an hour ago when I came downstairs, I don't want it cleaned now when I am running to the room to grab something, and I certainly don't want it on the way back out.  So annoying.  The husband and I decided that it needed to be a moving walkway with bars and/or slot machines on each side.  I enjoyed the hell out of the slots there and the 2.50 minimum rapid roulette table (I wish I could remember the name of the guy running it but he was fantastic and fun).  We spent a few nights playing quarter poker at the celebration bar and getting fed drinks and having a grand ole time.  We also had our wedding and reception here.  Not going to write a whole review on it but I will point out the highlights and errr, lowlights.  First of all, we wanted to do tropical themed, so the Trop was an obvious choice (the chapel is a grass hut).  The coordinators were a little hard to deal with over email/phone but since things went JUST about without a hitch all is forgiven.  The one thing is that the wedding coordinator pretty much chewed me and my bridesmaids out for little plastic flower hair clips we had in our hair and made us remove them before the ceremony.  Who knew that "no outside flowers" meant a little silk hair clip?  And who yells at the wedding party 10 minutes before the ceremony?  I'm just glad I didn't purchase some of those really pretty and expensive wedding hair clips or I would have seriously gone psycho on them.Besides those few issues, everything else was pretty much a rosy memory, so I can't complain.  The food for the reception was great, the servers were fantastically friendly, the cake was gorgeous and super tasty, and they let us take the rest of the wine and beer back to the room after the ceremony!
1	Not impressed with their hidden 'Resort Fee'. Hotel needs remodeling. Waited 1 hour to get checked in. Will never go back.
2	Alright So I did not gp into this place looking for a 5 star Hotel but it was just a step up from the Travel Lodge down the Street. A buddy and I flew in for a quick night out with the Boys. we booked this one since it was cheap. Like I said did not come in thinking it was The Wynn or the Bellagio for that Matter. we checked in and go to the room and we find condom Wrappers on the side of the Beds. There was a group of towels in the Bathroom we did not want to get near. We called down stairs and complain they move us to another room that was clean. The Casino was not bad they have cheap tables, the Buffet well cant tell you we never ate there. I would only stay there again if it was free and clean. other than that if I just want a cheap room Travel lodge here I come ..
4	I took my first vacation to Vegas this last weekend.  I must say the Tropicana Hotel is the dive bar of the strip.  I took a few days walking up and down the strip, seeing all the attractions, shows, entertainment, and event gambling a bit at other casinos.The tropicana was a nice quite place to come back.  As the other posts mention, you don't have much of crowd at the trop, just some old people, some asians, and a lot of cheapos like myself.Being the chepo that I am I had more money to drink and play with!!!  And like one of the reviews mentioned, you can make money at the little dirty casino i.e. trop and the Bit Bosses do give you dirty looks.For proximity, it is worth it.  You have New York New York, the MGM, Excalibur, Luxor and a lot more around the hotel.  Go have the fun and know that you have a cool place to come back to without all the flash, if that suits your fancy.
1	PLEASE DO NOT STAY HERE. Eww place is the nastiest place. I would never stay here ever....first of all they have a freaky mirror on top of the bed, it makes me think what kind of people slept on this bed. FYI there is no island theme here. Its fucking disgusting the rooms smells bad, the hall way smells bad. They had a 60's tv in the room. I would never ever go there again not even for the casino.
5	After countless trips to Vegas over the years, I feel pretty confident in knowing what and where for every occasion.  Some Vegas trips are mindblowing...beautiful, lavish suites, billion dollar strip views, the best of everything...this time was not one of those trips. :)I took a nice little mini-vacation for three days to see SEMA and WCLM (West Coast Lotus Meet).  WCLM was held at the Red Rock Resort Casino & Spa so they had a special rate which my friends all took advantage of.  When I tried to get a reservation there as well, I was told that they were sold out which disappointed my friends, but secretly, I was cheering inside since I wanted to be on the strip and not in the middle of nowhere anyway.A quick search on hotels.com showed my usual hotels to all be sold out or priced in the stratosphere due to SEMA that week.  I was starting to panic when I found the Tropicana which was still high due to SEMA, but considerably less than my usual favorites.  Since I did not have that special someone with me for this trip, I didn't need to go all out and this seemed to fit the bill just fine, especially with it's price and location.Upon arrival, the desk staff was most helpful and let me know that they would be starting check-ins at 1:30 instead of 3:00 that day which was a real plus.  Upon my return at 1:30, I was fortunate enough to have a super cool guy who smiled when I told him that "if by some miracle that it was available, would love to have a room with a strip view as high up as possible."  As I said that, I was thinking to myself...yeah, you and everybody else in the world, buddy.When I arrived at my room, I was very surprised to see that instead of the lower garden rooms, he had upgraded me to the 12th floor of the  Island Tower with a killer view of New York New York, Excaliber, MGM Grand, and the strip!  Wow, mirrored ceiling and an oversized tub!The room was very clean and nice and I was more than satisfied.  There was a small cardboard sign with a picture of the room as it will look after the upcoming renovation (The next time you are here, it will look like this!), but personally, I had no problems with the room the way it was currently.  Had the carpet been newer, I didn't think the upcoming picture was all that much better.  On top of that, the room in the picture didn't have a mirror wall or ceiling!  When I first saw that, I just had to smile.  Even the wall lamps on each side of the bed had a conveniently twisted part that a kinkier person might want to use for ropes to tie someone to the bed., not that I would ever think of such a thing.  LOLAs with real estate, it's all about three things...location, location, and location.  Tropicana is located right across the street from Excalibur, New York New York, and MGM Grand.  It is in an awesome location!  A quick walk over the walkway gets you there and the monorail is at MGM Grand as well.  From Excalibur across the street, you can easily take the free tram to Mandalay Bay and Luxor.  Late night stumbling distance from Sirrico's Pizza...a definite plus!The only negative that I experienced during my stay was that the cleaning staff seems to show up extremely late in the day, often around 3:30 or 4PM.  Not too big a deal, but if I had to find one complaint, that would be it. The Island Tower does involve a long walk down the walkway of booth shops selling gift items, but I didn't mind and unlike another review, they were all very nice and nobody bothered me.  During my visit, they were filming or doing auditions for Let's Make a Deal so I saw all kinds of people dressed up in crazy costumes there.  Pretty hilarious!Not sure what the cheaper rooms are like, but I thought this was a great room and an incredible value for the price, especially during SEMA.  Yes, it's certainly not the Wynn, but you're not paying Wynn prices either.  Have to be realistic and compare apples to oranges.  Not every trip to Vegas is extravagent every time and if you are on a budget, I highly recommend this place. Lastly, I forgot to mention that the Hotels.com deal also included two free tickets to the Hypnosis show (a guidebook said starting at $40) which I got, but never made it to.  It also included a drink coupon good for two free well drinks.  I was told that they pour Smirnoff (okay) so I had two glasses of chardonnay instead.  All in all, it was a very pleasant experience.Nicole M...saw all your responses to all the reviewers before I left...you must have one hard job!!!  Put me down as one of the customers who really enjoyed their stay.
1	Recently went to Vegas with a large group with limited funds.  So we booked the Tropicana.We'd read the reviews here, so we knew this wasn't a luxury hotel.And the rate was, of course, very good.  Around $50 a night.But we ended up leaving after one night.  We stayed in the Island Tower.First off, they couldn't confirm that the whole group would be kept together.  So if you book a large group make them confirm in writing that the rooms will be together.Second, the very hard, ancient mattress was so uncomfortable that we couldn't sleep on it.Third, the hotel is under construction, and the construction crews start VERY early.  We were awakened at around 5 am by construction right outside our window, several floors down.Overall, the decor is looking worn and sad.  But that's to be expected.But the weirdest thing is the layout.  The rooms are a very long distance from the lobby and casino, down very confusing hallways, so you spend a great deal of time walking, trying to figure out where you are, etc.The ceilings are also very low, which I guess was common in construction of the time.  Also, they charged a 'not optional'  'resort' amenities charge of around $10, supposedly for use of the gym/spa/pool.   The pool was closed completely - you couldn't even go out into the landscaped gardens at all.  The gym was tiny.   But you are charged this anyway.  I'd have been fine with that if they'd disclosed that, but they charge it separately so they can give you a lower room rate over the phone and on website search engines.  The only option we had was to pay the charge or try to find another hotel, after a long, tiring flight.To me, this is a dishonest business practice and should be illegal.  Particularly since their website doesn't list the fact that the pool is totally closed, and their reservations folks don't tell you about the 'resort fee'.The rooms were dated but of decent size.  The beds had mirrored ceilings, which I found to be humorous.  The bath was adequate, with a large triangular tub.  But there was mold in-between the shower tiles.   So much so that it was disconcerting.  The shower head was mounted very low, as was the custom decades ago.  So it's hard for a tall or even normal size person to shower comfortably.But overall, other than the shower, the room and the rest of the hotel was clean.One other thing - one side of the hotel faces the airport.  Literally the closest large casino to the airport.  And the noise from the planes can be pretty bad in the rooms on that side.   Oddly, they seem to book that side first, even though it would seem to be a lot louder.If you do stay here because of the price, do NOT try the buffet.  It's one of the worst I've had.  Food has no flavor, selections are pretty limited, much of it clearly sits out for hours, etc.  We got a 24 hour buffet pass but went elsewhere for meals whenever we could. Go across the street to the MGM or other places for the buffet.  Or, better yet, plan to be a the Wynn (a cab ride required) for the best buffet in town.On the positive.....The staff was friendly and professional.  Their bartender makes a very good bloody mary.  When we went to check out early they were very friendly.  I suspect they get people leaving early quite often.I actually felt bad for the staff, as I'm sure they get a lot of people that are mad about the 'resort fee' add-on and the conditions in many of the rooms.   It's not the staff's fault, and I'm sure a lot of people take it out on them.My advice to the Tropicana?  Book people into the Paradise Tower away from renovation noise if at all possible, even without them asking for it.  If they call the front desk to complain about noise or the bed, just offer to rebook them right then.  Otherwise many are going to leave.And buy new mattresses or at least very thick mattress protectors/pads, even before the renovation is done.  The ones there now are very hard.
1	Beware Front Desk is a nightmare! I have stayed here on occasion and the rooms/service quality have been just average. But for the price it was worth it to me. After trying to book a room for a weekend then cancelling, the cancellation process has been horrendous! And I will never stay at this hotel again. I have never had such issues with incompetent hotel staff. Being placed on hold for 30 minutes at a time and everyone transferring my call back and forth. Save your time, energy, and sanity and stay somewhere else.
3	Pros - -  Cheapest resort in Vegas-  Great location bang on the Strip.  -  Clean room and big bath tub (on Island Tower rooms)-  Cheap casino to warm up for larger places / gamble only a little-  Closest to airportCons - -  Terrible restaurants (Starbucks was the only good place!)-  Boring and dull free entertainment (do not waste your time on Hypnosis Unleashed - its not only a fraud, but a boring fraud)-  Elevator didn't work for one out of the three days I was there.-  Savmor car rental near front desk - are f*******.-  Not exciting whatsoever.
1	worst ever.  you get less than what you pay for.  Rooms are a mess.  Can't even get a coffee in the morning that does not take forever to get.  Gross - depressing, awful.  Let's make a deal - run!
1	Ugh.  Where do I start?I stayed at the Tropicana on a quick weekend trip to Vegas for a convention that was next door at the MGM Grand.  The Grand wanted $300 a night thanks to a Def Leppard concert going on that weekend but the dear, sweet Tropicana was selling rooms for a mere $85 a night.  What a deal I thought, only to find out the old adage "you get what you pay for" is true.I wanted to like the Tropicana for pure nostalgia reasons.  The hotel is one of the last Vegas originals still hanging on and was a prime spot back in the Sinatra days so when I got to my room in the Island Tower I tried to close my eyes and pretend like I didn't see the white stains all over the couch and desk chair.  Or the brown stains on the sofa.  Or the bamboo styled bed that had a mirror going up the wall and over the bed.  Truth be told my room had a smell that I couldn't place.  The entire experience was a mysterious adventure with suspect results.To get to the Island Tower you have to walk down a very long corridor with many vendors selling cheap knock offs of mostly glitter tops and light up buttons, cheap jewelry and hair extensions.  They have a buffet that serves fatty prime rib and french toast; luckily it is all you can eat.The Tropicana is located at the end of the strip near MGM Grand, New York, New York and Mandalay Bay.  You should stay here for cheap cost and location.  Expect nothing from the casino and hold your nose.
3	Ok if you're not too picky about hotels and the price is important.Keep in mind that this hotel is in the middle of a major renovation. So as for 12/28/09 there is no "poolside" and the spa is closed. Also, there is a long check-in line. It took me about 45min to check-in and it seems to be a "chronic" issue.
1	My roommate (who is disabled) and I stayed at this hotel for Christmas, and it was the worst experience ever. (1) The hotel room (paradise tower room) was filthy and did not look like the floor was vacuumed at all. There was a jelly bean, hair, papers on the floor and a big stain on the carpet. And the table in the room was so wobbly.(2) They gave out a coupon for lobster meal for a new customer. We asked the guy at the information booth where the restaurant was, and he told us that restaurant was under renovation so we could not use the coupons. So we had to go to the other hotel and spent over $100 for lobster dinner while we could have only spent only $50 with coupons at Tropicana. Then later we found out that we could have used the coupon at the different restaurant located in Tropicana, and the guy gave us wrong information was not even an employee for the hotel.(3) It said we get free tickets for Hypnosis show by booking a room at Tropicana, so we planned on going, but they canceled the show at last minute. We could not see the show on different night because we already planned to go to a different show.(4) My roommate is disabled and has a help dog (with proper paperwork). We called in advance to let them know that we would bring a dog, and also informed at the front desk and security when cheking in, and they said no problem. But when Orbitz called the hotel regaring our complaints, they lied that we brought a dog even though animals were not allowed.  (5) The food at the buffet was terrible, by far one of the most disgusting food we ever tasted in our lives. Bread and food was so dry and tasted like cardboard and water tasted like chlorine. We got sick from eating.I will NEVER EVER go back to this hotel even after renovation and NEVER recommend this hotel for anyone!! (The only good thing I can think of about this hotel is the location)If you want to save money, stay at Motel 6 instead (which is about a block away from the strip) and I'm sure it's much better than the filthy room and lousy service at Tropicana. Or pay a little extra to stay at different casino hotels.
1	If you like the cheap/dirty motel feel, the Tropicana is the place for you. It's so bad that prostitutes would probably opt to lose a client rather than meet him at this hotel. Everything about this hotel screams old and outdated. For instance, the elevators are small, smell like mold, and feel as though they are about to malfunction at any minute. The ceilings are super low, and the decor is almost non-existent. The bathrooms are the absolute worst, with faucets from the 1960s, and toilets that can't seem to flush anything. So if you have to go number two, I suggest holding it and using another hotel's bathroom in the lobby. The bed sheets are also old and stained.There are no good restaurants to eat at. We went to Hooters, which is right next door, for dinner both nights we were there. The only upside about this hotel is it's price. The management knows it's so terrible that they usually charge under $100 to stay there.My suggestion is to do everything you can to avoid staying there. It's so dirty that you might catch a disease. Shop around and find something better for the same price. Treasure Island usually has great deals and their rooms are excellent, clean, and modern.
3	The time i had here was Nice The room  had mirrors a different  experance to me it was a good nights rest i had there i was traveling back to LA It was a nice stop
2	The Trop is a complete shit hole, but if you only intend to spend an hour or two of your vacation in the room, the beds are good enough to pass out in.  The rooms are small and basic, but they work.  If you go to Vegas to sit in your hotel room the whole time, you should re-evaluate your life anyways.  The pool area is ok - kinda grimey and definitely less beautiful people than other hotel pools, but they serve drinks and have swim up blackjack.  My buddy and I stayed here a month after we graduated from college, and although it was fine for a couple of broke 22 year olds, I wouldn't stay there again - too many better options at great deals in this town!
1	I first need to mention that some coworkers of mine were searching for a last minute deal on a hotel for our small weekend gathering in Las Vegas. We definitely were not looking to book the Ritz, but we were trying to avoid staying at a truck stop level motel. Well, we found out the hard way. It's a deal for a reason. I am surprised they are still open, and that people aren't checking out in droves. This is perhaps, the filthiest hotel that I have ever had the misfortune of staying in. Yes, there were mirrors on the ceiling, circa 1979. The furniture, more specifically the TV, was completely outdated. The floors, walls, bathtub, you name it were stained, torn, and in some cases had been punctured. This might have occurred when the previous occupant, perhaps a pimp, had discovered that his employee was stealing crack from him. The mattress was hard like two stained box springs stacked on top of each other. The bed was covered in cheap old white sheets and a ratty stained comforter. I definitely did not come anywhere near touching that. The only view I had was through some old smelly curtains and dirt covered glass of the airport and some parking lots. The shower divert er barely worked and the tub did not drain. Calls to the front desk never resulted in any improvement. That coupled with the smell in the room was bad enough. But when I had the misfortune of visiting my coworkers equally filthy rooms I had to walk back down the hall, across the torn and stained carpeting, to the barely functioning elevators. A couple of people complained that they couldn't get off the floor, due to the elevator malfunctioning. Did I mention the smell, It was a mixture of coconut deodorizer and ass. One morning I got in late to find that the elevator was being tended to by a guy in what appeared to be a hazmat suit. I don't even want to know about that. The thing that really pissed me off though was that they had the nerve to charge a daily resort fee. Apparently this was for the closed pool and grounds under construction (never before mentioned) and the nonexistent service. I plan to never stay at this poor excuse for a hotel again, that is unless I start turning tricks. The thought of it makes me all itchy all over.
1	NEVER STAY HERE!!!!! This is the WORST hotel in Vegas. Where do I start with my horrible experience...... They mis-booked my stay during CES, then when I checked in they put me in the wrong tower telling me that my tower was closed for renovation. I was moved in to a tower that was on the other end of the property with no valet service and no access from the front of the hotel. I was woken up a 9am in the room I was moved into by 10 workmen drilling on the side of the building and looking into my window, so we had to be moved to another room mid stay. Finally, the only close access to the tower we were moved into is the back parking lot of the hotel, which is well known by the staff to have problems with break-ins to cars, in fact the head valet had his car stolen out of this parking lot and the camera system does not even cover the cars in the lot, a point explained to me by the security staff. So of course..... my car was broken into. When I complained and asked the hotel for action, they referred told me it was not their problem even though they refuse to provide valet service from that lot.
1	NO APOLOGY IS BETTER THAN A FAKE ONE THAT TELLS ME I HAVE 'MISINFORMATION'----- NEVER STAY HERE!!!!!!! It's one thing if you want to apologize for a bad experience that a customer has. It's ENTIRELY another thing when you want to tell a customer that the information he garnered while conducting interviews of the hotel staff, valets, and security guards is 'misinformation'. LET ME BE VERY CLEAR: The Lead Valet HAD HIS CAR STOLEN OUT OF THIS PARKING LOT. The Security Officers that patrolled the outside of the the building told me THAT CARS ARE ROUTINELY BROKEN INTO IN THIS LOT AND THAT THEIR PERSONAL CARS HAD ALSO BEEN BROKEN INTO IN THIS LOT. THEY ALSO VERIFIED AND SHOWED ME THAT THE SPOT MY CAR WAS PARKED IN WAS IN A BLIND SPOT IN THE CAMERA COVERAGE IN THE LOT. Finally, the staff inside the hotel confirmed that THIS PARKING LOT IS WELL KNOWN FOR PROBLEMS WITH CARS AND THAT THEY OFFER NO VALET SERVICE FOR ANYONE FORCED TO STAY IN THE BACK TOWER, LEAVING THEM WITH NO OPTIONS FOR A SECURE PLACE TO PARK THEIR VEHICLE. Anyone reading this should be flabbergasted at my 1) BAD experience, 2) Horrified at what was done by this hotel AFTER the experience and 3) Realize that their attempt to try to cover up what happened by characterizing it as 'misinformation' will only serve to drive more customers away without any help from outside sources. This is STILL the worst hotel in Vegas.
3	mMmmk for the price... Fukk it, ill stay here again! But ill wait til the renovations are done!! 1...The room was roomy, bathroom was toot 2...Jeezzee ever hurd of MORE THAN 2 OUTLETs? Me and my girls were strugglin to find places to plug in all our electronics. 3...EEwWwww bathtub was CLOGGED up!!! nassssSssty!!! me and my friends had to wait for the water to drain (which took like 10 minutes) to take a shower!!! we called maintenece, and was quoted 20 minutes before he would arrive... uMmm took 2 hours!!! NOT COOL4... we did go to the front desk and complained and they comped one night and gave us free buffet YAAAAYYY free stuff!!!!POINT IS... its VEGAS people!! u dont go there to SLEEP!!! this place is CHEAP and they do TRY and make it right (well at least for me) I would stay again, shiiitt, i only need a place 2 rest my head for a few hours and store my liquor!
3	Stayed here for 3 nights. It was a good buy since it was 4 of us who split the cost. It was hot. the AC didn't work. had a jacuzzi bath tube that I liked though. Its pretty close to everything. there is a liquor store across the street and hooters is next door. our room wasnt that great, but our other friends paid $20 more and their room was MUCH better and AC worked ... so, if you plan on staying there, I suggest paying a little more money to so you actually get a room thats worth it.
3	My wife and I spent 5 days here. It's alright. They're in the middle of a renovation so a few things are shut down. With that in mind it's one of the most resonably priced hotels on the strip.The island tower, where we stayed is fair. A little old looking but everything works. The bathroom has nice three panel mirrors that tend to fog up when you take a shower. No big deal. The shower head is a bit low but the right height for anyone 5'5 or shorter. I have to bend my tired from walking knees just to get under it.Our room came with an old king bed. It sags in the middle and hard as a rock but was still comfortable.The furniture is rattan, sort of comfortable but only for short periods of time.As a future consideration I hope they put more outlets in the rooms. There are two that are accessable so be sure your battery on your laptop/electronic device is fully charged before choosing to do any legnthy work on them.Would I stay here again? Maybe.
3	Back in my college days, I was a broke waitress but that doesn't mean I didn't crave a good time in Vegas.  I used to stay here often since it's cheap, clean and conveniently located on the strip.  It's not posh and glam but who cares when you just need a place to pass out after all that drinking.  It's mostly old people and a handful of ghetto people but the rooms are clean and comfortable.  I definitely suggest the Trop if you're on a budget.
2	My stay was unpleasant.  First, there was the $7.99/night surprise fee for miscellaneous amenities.  It was buried in the fine print, which is legal, but poor customer service.  The room itself was a bit rundown.  Some lights on the mirror didn't work, and the sink had a rusty drain.  Shower head had terribly low pressure.  Bed was hard and barely sleepworthy, though it'd be hard any way with the curtains that don't fully close to block the Vegas lights.  No internet access in my part of the building - really, this is 2010.  Internet service should be everywhere.  The AC/heat was noisy and didn't seem to work.  Turning the thermostat up seemed to make my room colder.  Final annoyance of my stay, being awoken at 6:30 AM by the sounds of construction workers swearing, hammering, and using various power tools (I think I could discern a radial saw or a rotozip).  Behind all this, you do get a room, a bed, and a shower.  It's on the strip, so, it works.On the plus side, they have one of the few 3 to 2 blackjack tables with a $5 minimum bet.  Choice.  I also got a coupon for two drinks at the bar.  Mine were grapefruit juice and coke on the morning of my departure.  Also, none of my stuff was stolen from the room.
3	The Room was reasonably priced when I got the deal online. It's better to purchase your rental via discount 3rd party websites. To be close to the strip and the other newer premium hotels I got a good price. There isn't anything fancy about Tropicana , being one of the older hotels it doesn't have great amenities. Obviously the interior decoration theme is that of the tropics. When the weather is really nice they have a lagoon shaped swimming pool. It's a very good sized hotel. It isn't huge. the staff is friendly, They do have a small cafe and eating hall on premisses. No, it isn't the Bellagio, Caesar's Palace, Luxor, New york New York, I Love Paris, etc. it's older. But, the rooms are clean, you still get a great view of Vegas. The worst thing about it is there aren't refrigerator's in your room. You get the standard Ice Bucket. The beds are not great. There is of course gambling downstairs and they do feature some sort of entertainment in their theater. Shuttle to and from the airport.  I was a part of the current Hypnosis feature show. I would stay there again, based solely on price. Otherwise I'd pay to for my upgrade and amenities.
3	Nice old casino, $10 players club and free drinks everywhere. It is old but its has the movie from the 80's Vegas charm.
3	I still doubt that I would stay here unless I was offered a free room.  There are now pictures all over the place of what the new rooms are going to look like.  They still do not seem to compare to any of the decent hotels on the strip.  I could be wrong, but I doubt it.  I still love the Tropicana for a little late night slots.  I have always seemed to do ok.  I have never ever been here when a restaurant has been open so I cannot comment.
3	We were back to the Tropicana for the last weekend in March -- it was March madness, spring break and everything else was booked.  As I said before, location is the main reason to choose the Tropicana.  My friend and I were looking forward to hanging by the pool and were so bummed to find out that the POOL WAS CLOSED FOR REMODELING (MARCH 2010).  They did give us a ton of free drink tickets to compensate and other comps as well.  MAKE SURE YOU GET GOOD COMPS!  We were staying in the tower that you have to walk far from the entrance ((tried to look at their maps on the website and they SUCK!)).  It's the Island Tower -- with the whole rooms being bamboo furniture and mirrors along the headboard & ceilings.  Kind of jarring, but these rooms will be new soon.  The bar/lounge (Tropics Lounge?) near those elevators was decent and they had a fun guy who was doing decent covers of all kinds of music.  There was also a Starbucks cart there (very convenient!).  I'm sure that each experience here is different because of how the remodeling is progressing.  We were a bit confused in the layout because most of the front entrance was closed off for remodeling, so it was difficult to get to certain places.  Hopefully it will be better soon!** They do have 2 of the new Sex and the City SLOTS and they are so much fun!  I'm not a gambler, but it was really fun to sit and watch the characters and movie quotes come up as I won!  To quote Carrie, "Me Likey!!!"FOOD:  The South Beach Cafe is a total joke.  We went there once and I would rather walk 20 minutes just to go anywhere else.  It is lowered and somewhat dark.  They have can lights and then ceiling fans which cause strange shadows and bad ambiance.  It was making me dizzy and nauseous!!!  The food was passable, but I wouldn't go there again.  I guess I was expecting more since this place had been being remodeled when we were here a year ago -- the remodel of this space was HORRIBLE.  I would have never guessed that it had been remodeled.  Bacio had a passable breakfast buffet, but nothing to get excited about.My friends on a budget liked the Hypnosis show since they got free tickets & said it was pretty good!
3	Well, for the cheapest rooms on the strip, this is your place. Don't expect anything out of the room though. My friend and I checked in and were put in a broken down little room with a BEAUTIFUL window view of the hotel ceiling and ventilation system... which begs the question... WHY WOULD THEY EVEN MAKE A ROOM THERE? Really, that's all that you could see from our window besides the sky. The bathroom was really run down, too. But whatever, we laughed, dropped off our crapola and went out for what was to become the greatest drunken escapade and adventure in history. Other than sleeping in our room (and throwing up in the hallway) we spent no time at the Tropicana itself.3 stars because you just can't beat $49/night on the strip.. on a weekend (booked on Travelzoo, I think). I've heard that they're rennovating now, it's about time. Prior to the rennovation, I would only recommend staying here with your friend if you're looking to spend next to nothing on a room. With their rennovations and obvious restructuring of their customer service, I'd be more than happy to return if I'm on a budget. I just hope the prices stay low.
3	I stayed here for 2 nights last week, and it has been the best hotel I've ever stayed at. The Tropicana?!, you ask. Oh yes. I must say though, there was a hiccup in the beginning as I was given the wrong key for the wrong room. This resulted in having my bags delivered to the wrong room. Eventually, after an hour and a half of mixups, everything was straightened out and the room upgrade I got was comped. This is the reason why I've rated this 3 stars. Tropicana's employees need to get their ish together and not have to waste a customer's first hour and a half in Vegas in trying to get the correct room.So, I stayed in the Paradise Tower, which is where all the newly renovated rooms are located. Apparently, they opened it to the public the week of/prior week of my stay. I just have to say...the bed was my favorite part of the room. That bed is super comfortable and plush. In addition, the pillows were effing amazing! Until this day, I have been reminiscing and missing those pillows. I am now on a mission to buy those same exact pillows for my own bed!The rooms are decked out in shutter-decorated windows, a chaise lounge, pretty bamboo-inspired wallpaper,  a fake bamboo tree, and an iPod/iPhone dock!! The bathroom was pretty nice too. The shower area had a nice curved shower curtain bar that allows space for two people to move around. The only thing that needs to be upgraded is the tv. Umm...seriously. The 13-inch tv must've been from 1999. For a $30 upgrade, I expect an LCD tv or something. It definitely did not go with the design of the room.Overall, I would come stay in the Paradise Tower again.
4	Yes, I am giving the Tropicana 4 stars...I might even given them 5 once the remodel is finished. Let me preface this by saying that I have stayed in hotels up and down the strip and the newly remodeled rooms are right in line with some of the nicest I've stayed in. Comfortable beds, plasma TV, marble bathroom countertops. They did it right! Unfortunately, there is still A LOT of construction in the hotel so much of the amenities are not yet open and there is still some confusion as they work the kinks out. Most of the hotel and casino areas are still very old and outdated but you can tell they are in the process of upgrading. The staff is very welcoming and accommodating. I was really impressed with how well we were treated; you don't get this type of service in many of the more exclusive hotels. I really can't wait until they are finished with the remodel. It may end up being one of my more favorite hotels on the strip.
4	Ok, I gave this hotel 4 stars, but its not a 4 star hotel. You get what you pay for and to me it is soooooo worth it! My husband and I went there mid week for less than $50 (this was Sept. 2008- it was so hot in Vegas!) The rooms were sucky, clean, but sucky. It had to be modeled in the 70's/80's and had the whole Miami Vice theme- BUT WHO GOES TO VEGAS TO STAY IN THE HOTEL? The pools were WAYYYY better than some 5 star hotels I have been in, oh, and get this the POOL IS 24 HRS!!! (the guards patrol outside though, so be careful LOL) This is the only pool in Vegas that is 24hrs, and it also is the only pool that can be converted into indoor for you Dec-Feb travellers. They have 3 pools, tons of jacuzzis, and a really pretty outdoor decor. I love the decor outside/pool area, so thats why I gave in 4 stars, plus a really good location- next to MGM, NYNY, Excalibur, Luxor, Mandalay Bay. Next time I go to Vegas I am going here or Mandalay Bay (it costs like 3x more here though, but as you can tell pools can sell me LOL), the money you save is crazy- and I only take naps in Vegas- no one ever really sleeps LOL...Oh, almost forgot, the breakfast buffet is dirt cheap and has BANGING made to order omelets(one of the best, and I LOVE buffets), crispy bacon etc.
3	The Tropicana was A-OK for my first trip to Vegas, on a budget (obviously).  You definitely get what you pay for - 70s decor, scratchy sheets, tiny balcony (hey! at least it's a balcony!), hallways smelled weird, sketchy stairwells... but you know what, I didn't care.  I was with my friends so I knew I'd have a blast anyway - just needed a place to crash at the end of the night!  Location was fine by me - yeah it's at the very end of the strip, but at least it's ON the strip, plus it was nice to be able to start at one end and walk all the way to the other end.  Pool was closed, but it was January so it wasn't pool-lounging weather anyway.  I'd love to stay at one of the nice hotels someday, but for my first trip to Vegas, the Tropicana worked out just fine. The two free drinks tickets they gave us at check-in saved me on that last morning... Bloody Marys FTW!
3	So the Tropicana is going over a huge transformation. They have made quite a few huge changes but I can tell that they still do have a long way to go... I gave this place a three star rating because it's still a work in progress. My bf and I came to this hotel and we booked two nights (one each) - we wanted to take part in the $50 bucks a room and you get $50 of free slot credits. - By the looks of it anyone can get the free $50 slot credit, I wasn't even asked for my room card or anything. (That was kind of disappointing after all of the trouble that we went through to book two rooms.) For the first hotel room I mentioned the free upgrade to the Paradise tower as specified in the deal summary in travel zoo.... The woman helping me wasn't much help. All she told me was ... "Uhh.. we can get you the Island tower". I should have been more persistent about getting the Paradise tower instead but I happen to be too much of a nice little pushover. I need to bring out my authoritative voice out more often! My bf on the other hand was lucky (or just more demanding) and we got the room in the Paradise tower - like we were supposed to get in the first place! Here is my opinion of the first room ... Eww. The room was tacky with really old decor. I felt like someone might have used this room in the past in order to film an adult film. :-/ I mean there was mirrors on the side wall on the back wall, and on the ceiling.  I felt kind of creeped out about the fact that I can see myself in so many angles. (I usually try to avoid getting such a good look of myself.) The bed was hard and the bedding was old and typical of an old hotel. Anyways... the room served it's purpose. It was a place to sleep for the night. (Although not a very good one) If this room was an upgrade... I'd hate to see what the basic room was supposed to have been... Now on the the second room. The Paradise Tower! Oh my! This room was awesome! This room was really way up there on my list of nicest hotel rooms that i've ever stayed in! Everything was new! Everything looked very finished! There was even detailing on the ceiling! The alarm clock was an iPhone dock! The TV was updated! the bed was softer! I have no complaints at all whatsoever. I wish I could have stayed in this room for much longer! :'( The hotel as a whole ... Meh... the casino was okay I guess. It wasn't the best. I've seen better - (right across the street) The pool... I'm not sure if I can give a very accurate review of the pool since I didn't really spend too much time in it. It was way too cold. I quickly made my way over to the jacuzzi after discovering it. Overall the area was very pretty. I never saw the old pool area but the pool seems really updated and nice! :) My last opinion... if you're going to name a hotel "Tropicana" and model it around Miami/Cuba.... Give it more justice than to just have a little cafe with a Cuban flag in it containing 1 Cuban sandwich. Also the live music they played. *Thumbs down* I think that wraps it up! - Thats I'll I've got for the Tropicana!
3	Okay, stayed at the Tropicana this memorial weekend and I have a mixed review.  My girlfriend and her husband also stayed in the Tropicana and we had two very different experience.  Okay, starting with my experience.  My husband and I booked our room on Vegas.com, it was cheap ($305 for Saturday and Sunday nights memorial weekend) when I booked, I wasn't able to book into the paradise tower, but figured eh ... whatever, I don't spend much time in the room anyways.  My friend booked into the paradise tower when she booked on Orbitz.  When we got to the hotel, I tried the $20 sandwiched between my id and credit card trick to get an upgrade.  The woman who helped us was super nice and friendly.  She was super happy with getting a tip, so when I asked if it was possible that something was available in the paradise tower because my friends were in the paradise tower, she got us an awesome room on the 17th floor.  Very cool!  Our room even had a great view of the strip.  We were very happy.  The room was beautiful and the bed was super comfortable, so we were very happy.  The staff were all very nice, super helpful and we were given drink tickets just for checking in.  If I was basing this review on my experience alone, they'd get five stars.Now on to my friends experience.  They had already booked into the paradise tower, so they weren't asking for an upgrade.  They had requested a smoking room.  When they got to the check in counter, they were told that their room wouldn't be available for another 45 minutes.  They were given complimentary drink tickets and told to "just go sit at the bar and come back in 45 minutes".  Since we had gotten our room, we told them to just come upstairs with us.  After about 40 minutes, they went back downstairs and were told it still wasn't quite ready, to wait another 20 minutes, here's another 2 free drinks.  After about 2 hours, their room was finally ready.  When they got in the room, it was pretty tore up.  For a remodeled room that's only been open for about 2 months, this room has been used up.  The shower curtain had red stains on it (we can only imagine what that was) so they had to have house keeping come switch out the shower curtain before they could take a shower (after 9 hours on the road .... nice) and the room just reeked of stale cigarette smoke.  I have honestly never been in a room that smelled so bad.  It's obvious that they don't spray the carpets and furniture when people check out.  They also had a lovely view of the roof of the garden tower.  I think that she would give the tropicana 1 star based on her experience.  Average it out, it comes to 3 stars.  If you stay at the tropicana, don't book a smoking room!  If you are a non-smoker, the trop is  just right for the price
5	We recently traveled to Vegas for our 25th wedding anniversary and chose the Trop as we've always had fun there. I had heard they were renovating and didn't know quite what to expect but all I can say is we were completely blown away. They've taken a nice comfortable Strip hotel and made it a hip, classy elegant (yet still comfortable), Strip resort.The new Paradise Tower rooms are just beautiful, the beds remarkable, the bathrooms gorgeous, obviously I just can't say enough, (and trust me, we've stayed at just about every hotel on the Strip over the years).Highlighting our stay, though, was the customer service. From check in to check out I have never been treated better and by every single staff member we came in contact with. Front desk, pit boss, cocktail servers, dealers you name it, all acted as if our comfort and satisfaction was their personal responsibility and they took it very seriously. If there was even the slightest problem (which there wasn't), they wanted to personally solve it.If you're staying here, do yourself a favor and check out Legends Steak House for dinner. There aren't a lot of fairly priced top end restaurants left in Vegas with this  high level of quality and service.All in all a perfect stay and kudos to Nicole Marshall for organizing a great on line presence and taking care of her customers as if we were her own.
1	Awful, awful, awful. Went the for a girls bachelorette weekend. When I arrived the room was dirty: dusty pictures, dirty mirrors, hair in the sink (that leaked constantly) etc. So I called the front desk, was told that maid service would be there between 20 & 30 minutes. An hour later they still hadn't been there so I  called again and received same answer. 2 hours later I asked to change rooms, They offer me a single bed room when I needed 2 queens. There are none avail & they said they would send the maid right away, she never came ever! The air conditioning didn't work, the sliding glass door didn't close all the way, the bathtub has porcelain missing near the drain. The 'remodeled" pool was dirty. No restaurants, no buffet, casino is super small during the remodel. Had to go to Excalibur or MGM next door to eat. I've stayed at Motel 6's that were nicer than this place. Spend a few extra dollars and stay somewhere else. Trust me, if you stay at the Tropicana you will regret it. It put a damper on our bachelorette weekend.
5	"A" for effort!!This place is really old but the service has been great, our room is so nice and the price is not bad. 1-800-go to trop!! Great view from my room!!
3	They're in the middle of remodel.  I stayed in one of the newly remodeled rooms and it was great.  Bed was super comfy, room was spacious and clean.  We had a nice view down (up? I'm never sure in Vegas) the strip.  The crowd is still a bit low-rent, which was a drag.  If they can keep things nice until the remodel is finished, this will again be a great place to go. The people  were all really great, except the cabana girl (her snotty attitude took them from four stars to three and cost them $).
2	How is there only 3 reviews?We stayed at the Tropicana because the rest of our group was staying here. The place is small, but still on the strip. Probably one of the cheapest on the strip and you can tell in every corner. They are currently under a remodel and have signs everywhere including the rooms what they new ones are going to look like. This is very depressing when you are still staying in our beat down rooms. The sink constantly dripped with water no matter what you did. The sliding door barely closed, which kind of freaked me out the whole time. But the worst part was the beds. I usually can sleep on anything and be perfectly fine, but these beds hurt so badly. After two nights sleeping on them I still have a swore neck now that I'm home. The only thing I like was the pool. Pretty big pool with lots of shade in areas. There was even two blackjack tables in the pool to play. My friend rented the party cabana for $250 and it was really just some pillars with a sheet over it. It didn't even come with all the necessities and he was still charged the full amount. Would never do that again. Also the waitress was just not very nice for the money we were spending. There are other places to stay in Vegas around the same price that don't have nearly this many problems.
1	We had problems with the Tropicana since before even arriving and checking in at the hotel. I booked a renovated suite months in advance, luckily I called a few days before checking in to add a name to the reservation- my reservation was still in the computer system, however it was "canceled". How could my reservation be canceled when I am receiving biweekly confirmation emails since April? As an apology for the 'glitch' I was promised the exact same reservation for the same price I booked the room for. So, come check in day my girl-fiend arrives a few hours before the rest of us and they made her pay for the entire 4 night stay, in full, in advance. When I called to ask why they couldn't just use the card they had on file for the deposit I was told that I should have known that whoever checks in first had to pay up front (BTW, no one else we talked to that weekend were required to do so- guess we just look sketchy?). After checking in my friend had to walk through the construction zone they are calling a resort to arrive at a room that was not only unrenovated, but also one that sells for a much lower rate then what she JUST paid in full. After a long and painful conversation with the lady at the front desk, my husband managed to get them to "find" the last available suite and have it held for us. We were actually told that our friend had better hurry and go down to the desk to check into the correct suite so that someone else didn't check into it. Sounds like terrific customer service to me! We arrived at the hotel as my friend calls me to let me know that they did move her.. to a DIRTY renovated suite! At this point the concierge, Richard (who was actually very nice) came up the room and personally apologized for all the mix ups and comped the last night of our stay. I personally thought we should have been offered a bit more then that- but hey, things were looking up. The next day we checked in at our cabana and while it is not the most lavish experience, it was certainly worth the $150 bucks (iced towels, free sodas/water, a decent fruit tray, and a very nice lady named Rachael that took care of anything we needed), but of course the day could not go without at least one hassle. Because they made us pay for our room upfront we were completely unable to charge anything to the room including our cabana. The next day we had reserved chairs (we were told that it was limited to 5) on the pool island, which was very nice with all the same amenities as the cabana rental, however as soon as we were relaxing and enjoying ourselves a group 3-5 adults and 3 children were allowed to move our stuff out of the way and take over the island. We couldn't easily get to our things, they let their kids wet our bags, and we ended up being the monkey in the middle in their game of catch. When we, rightfully, complained we were told that they were friends of the management. We stayed at the Tropicana to save a little dough, but it was most definitely no inexpensive enough to be treated so poorly. In the end we still had an enjoyable Vegas trip, but it was in no part thanks to the Tropicana. The only people I recommend staying there are people who are close personal friends with the lower management, because it seems that they can do what ever they want.
1	Worst hotel I've ever stayed at. Do not go by the photos online of the rooms. We went expecting the sleek, updated rooms and got something that looked like 1988 threw up all over it. The room stunk, was muggy, shower was filthy (had HAIRS in it), needed to be vacuumed, remote was visibly dirty and it just had an overall creepy vibe to it.I would not stay here again.
1	Hmmm... it's an old hotel so there was no suprise when I stepped into a room that was in 70s decor.The bed was hard and uncomfy. :o( Tropicana also likes mirrors. Mirrors on the wall. Mirrors on the closets. Mirrors on the CEILINGS. Oh my.The water in the shower also didn't feel right. I think it may have been hard water.However, Tropicana is going renovation and from the looks of the website, the rooms are going to look fantastic. Even with the renovations, I think I'll try out another hotel.
3	My family reserved 4 rooms in the Island Tower in MAY.  When it was time to check in, we were informed that our rooms were given away and we had to downgrade to the 1st floor rooms.  After a 30 min conversation with the manager, not only did they refund us the price difference of the room downgrade but also gave us $50 food voucher/room to eat at any of the dining option in the hotel.  Although it was a nice gesture, it definitely did not make up for the hole that we stayed in.Once we got to the room, we were greeted by an unidentifiable smell, poor lighting, and a broken closet door.  Even my 8 yr cousin exclaimed "This is terrible!"  What really threw me over was the RUST on the bottom lining of the tub.  EW.  I felt dirtier after my shower!  We called the manager right back and told him the rooms were unacceptable.  He allowed us to switch to the Island Tower rooms for the remainder of our stay.Tropicana is now "changing everything" and the newer parts of the hotel are really nice.  You really feel like you're in an entirely different hotel.  And you can't beat the price for the location.  But they really need to get their act together before I stay here again.
2	Booked rooms on line 6+ months ago. Unethical marketing. $28 night room for Thursday night. What about the 12% tax and $8.95 a night RESORT FEE? During check in we were told both of our double bed rooms were no longer available and recommended both rooms get single bed and a kot.  REALLY,  a Kot for 30year old guys here in Vegas for bachelor party. It isn't right for me to have to NEGOTIATE the rooms we already booked and secured the first night for. PS Do not stay in the garden rooms as they are old and smell like a gutter. I did like the beds in the newer rooms. ask for rm 524.  Tropicana = NEVER AGAIN.
5	Sooo much better than I remember from 06 and than the reviews said it would be. They really are changing everything - and in a good way! Really good! Everything is brand new, and you can tell. Spotless and shiny. I'm really impressed.
3	The Tropicana isn't bad if you don't stay in your room for very long.The rooms, hotel and casino grounds are all super old.I don't have much to complain about since I tried to stay out of the room as much as possible.  1 Star for having a bed in the room1 Star for having electricity1 Star for having a lock on the doorThanks for keeping me out of the room and having a great time in Vegas, Tropicana!
3	If you are going for the lavish Vegas experience, this is not the place to stay.  If you are like me and like to stay in a decent place on the end of the strip (so you can start at one end and make your way down to the other) with a decent pool (with a swim up bar) and decent rooms (who stays in their room all that long anyway when they are in Vegas?) and the cheapest price of all of the big Vegas hotels (^_^) then this is the place for you!  I couldn't really find anything to complain about except for when we went to check out. There is this little drop box for fast checkout at the bottom of the elevator (where you put your key cards and all that) that we used and my buddy got a mysterious extra $100 charged to his credit card. I recommend not using it and just checking out how you would normally.Alright, I know it may seem a little korney but my favorite part of the hotel was that there was a MIRROR ON THE CEILING ABOVE MY KING SIZED BED (OMG WTF FTW!) as well as a mirror at the head board and a mirror on the wall next to the bed. Can you say hellz yea!?
4	This place was amazing. We had read online that the Tropicana was going through a lot of changes, We found out that the paradise tower had been completely renovated and decided to stay there for the night. The rooms were beautiful. They had amazing views of the strip. The bed was a super comfy brand new marshmallow of love. Their rooms all have brand new 42 in flat screen plasma televisions. The bathroom was spacious and beautiful as well. We loved the ceilings. Laying in bed and glancing up, they were beautiful.Walking through the casino to get to the pool was quite an experience. The floors have all new white marble that blend well with the bright red carpet. The best part about it was the lack of the usually smokey smell you get from a typical Vegas casino. They are pumping  the room full of coconut fragrance. I kid you not.  It was a tasty smell.The pool was decent. There was plenty of shade under the huge walkway bridge. The pool bar was conveniently located and the servers were all very friendly. Everything just seemed so new. I'm excited for the Tropicana. I hope they continue to modernize this south beachy tropical feeling hotel.
1	I love the gorgeous photo on their billboard of their newly renovated rooms. Too bad we weren't in them. If you're not in the updated rooms, this place is a shithole. I mean, seriously. Our room's wallpaper was peeling, the carpets were stained and dirty, the bed looked dingy, and worst of all, in the 100 degree heat (at 11pm!) of Las Vegas, the puttering air conditioning was just insulting - I'm fairly certain it never got below 80 degrees the entire time we were in the room. It's not even like "Well, at least we're not at the Motel 6." It's like "Holy shit, I wish we had stopped at that Roadkill Inn a few miles back!" Our room was $45 on a special. On arriving in the room, I immediately went to the Kayak app on my iPhone 4 (it saves lives), and looked for hotel deals in the vicinity. Rio was $55. BOOM, done. Booked that thing and checked the F outta Tropicana. I will say this: we called and asked for new rooms before hitting the "accept" button to reserve the the Rio, but Tropicana said "if it was any other night we could, but not tonight." So, when we checked out about 1.5 hours after checking-in, they told us they'd refund what we paid to Expedia because they couldn't move us to new rooms. The only upside to this adventure was that we didn't have to pay for it.
3	I stayed here for a few days. I hate giving bad reviews but here it is. 1. Three employees doing nothing im third person in line to check in there is a pool tourney going on so the three people doing nothing was taking pool people only. Only when people start talking up a storm did they open another window. Took 20 minutes. I stayed for free so im not going to complain much more. 2. As other people put it the rooms are like reused without being cleaned. 3. At the end of the strip a person would think they would try to add more entertainment for people.
1	BAIT AND SWTICH!!!!!!! IDO NOT STAY!!!! just got back from Las Vegas on 8/1 and was the worst experience I have ever had with any Hotel in Las Vegas. I have stayed at places like Circus Circus to the Bellagio, but never did I feel like I been totalled ROLLED.  I booked Paradise Rooms, the NEW ROOMS, 2 months before my stay.  I booked the rooms directly with the 800 number to make sure I was getting the ACTUAL rooms on the website.  When I got there they had me in the GARDEN ROOMS, they were so DIRTY, SMELLY and just overall GROSSS.  I spend my first 1 1/2 at the front desk discussing the situation with the manager.  They basically apologized but told us we were screwed. I talked to 2 more parties while I was at the front desk who had the same issues. Seems like this is a common practice for the Tropicana.  SAD that they would do this. NOT GOOD BUSINESS PRACTICES.PLEASE DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT STAY THERE!!! If you pay for something and when it comes time they deliver they BAIT and SWITCH, that is JUST LOW!!!!!!
1	In short, I won't stay in this hotel again.  It wasn't the crappiest place I've ever stayed in, but my experience was horrible and for comparable prices, you can do much better.  First, we ordered a room with two beds.  When we got there, they told us they could only put us in a one bed room.  Fine.  I happened to have an air mattress with me and there was plenty of room to set it up.  So we got to the room and it was like stepping into a furnace.  The air conditioner wasn't working and our room happened to be facing the west letting the afternoon and evening sun in all day (this was in July, by the way).  We called the desk and told them that the a/c wasn't working and they told us to turn it on.  They must have thought we were stupid or something.  After we assured them that it was on, just not blowing cold air, they told us someone would be up shortly to repair it.  With that in mind, we set off to explore the strip.  We returned several hours later and the a/c was still not working.  We called the desk again and they said they were sending someone up.  Nobody came.  We had a show we had to leave for so we couldn't pursue the matter for much longer.  We got back around 1 AM and it was still broken and still sweltering hot.  Needless to say, I slept in a puddle of sweat that night.
4	Ok..I stayed here last weekend during RollerCon with several of my fellow rollerskaters. I gave it a 4 but it didnt start out that way. They had my reservation for Sun not Sat like I reserved. So since it was a suite they said it would take til 3 to get me in a room. Ok, Fine. I will sit poolside w/my friends. New pool area is very nice & everyone was friendly. Bartender made super strong drinks. So back in @ 3..no room. So I was getting angry had to start calming down cuz you dont get anywhere once you made THEM angry.So I decided to kill her with kindness & viola..room ready.And what a room it was!! A HUGE 2 room suite on the corner. It was brand new and awesome. We were eye level with the Statue of Liberty @ NYNY. Since it was a corner we had the BEST view of the Strip..looking north was the best but south was amazing due to the Luxor light. We ended up staying Sun as well cuz they offered the suite up for $50 bucks!!! So we ended up paying less than 200 for 2 nights in a bomb ass suite..that at one point had 25 people in it and was not uncomfortable. So it started out only 1 star but rose up to 4 cuz the weekend was amazing.Just FYI; I didnt eat here..only drank at a few bars & those were a-ok!Also if you stay..make sure you stay in the Paradise Tower. All the rooms and suites are done there..do-not stay in the older part.Remember..kill that check-in chick with sweetness..it works.LOL
1	While this place is undergoing a *much* needed renovation, I didn't experience the nice, new part of the hotel.  We were housed in a depressingly dingy 'suite' with a stairwell & elevator that smelled overwhelmingly of urine, and a room that had been cleaned by a person with long, dark hair as evidenced by what was left in the bathroom.Admittedly I was not there to stay in the room, but the overall feel of the unrenovated side of the Trop was pretty depressing.  The worst part was they charged Bellagio prices at the bars, which seems pretty inauthentic given the decor.  Even with the rate we got for Rollercon, it wasn't worth it.    Go elsewhere.  Really.
3	Recently attended the Classic Gaming Expo 2010 held in the hotel.   As both and attendee and as CGE Staff I can tell you both sides using the Tropicana as a convention facility and a hotel.First the GoodFreshly remodeled rooms.   + Well appointed for the price you pay. + Mid range soaps (for the price)  + Quite rooms with nice glass and shutters to block the outside noise and light when needed. + Very comfortable beds at sheets that are at least 400 TC if not a LOT more. + Enough pillows on the bed(s) for anyone. No problems with bringing up more of anything you want. + Large flat screen TV.  pretty much normal for LV rooms.  If you watch it that is.Nice pool area!  Not to small.  Not too big.  Lots of adults enjoying the pool and the view.   This hotel is an adults oriented hotel so there are not many kids around.  A point to consider it you travel with younger family.Convention facilities that are pretty good in any book.  The rooms are kept cool even when the load dock door is opened.Convention Facility managers whole will be on site and available to ensure your every need is met.  No arguments about sending down tech to adjust the sound and lighting for the rooms.  No extra charges for that service either!Main theater and stage that is well equipped to make your convention dinner and event a success.Valet parking that does not gouge you on either the price or the service.Okay casino area.  Nothing fancy but it will serve your gambling urge if you have one.The Legend's Steakhouse staff.   During our convention I need to ask the staff at Legends for more than one favor both in and out of the restaurant.  They came through admirably with exactly what I needed each time.  And they did one on time too!The location!   Being right on the corner with New York-New York, The MGM, and Excalibur put you in walking distance of many notable things to see and do.  As you will see below the Tropicana needs these other things in order to attract people to stay.Now some negatives that really sucked.The Food!   No restaurant in the entire Tropicana served food anywhere near to the quality needed for the price they charged.  Save one. Legend Steakhouse.   Every other eatery in the Tropicana including Bacio, Havana Go Go, South Beach Cafe, etc, served mid range to crappy food I was sorry to have paid for.  Bacio in particular was a huge breakfast disappointment.  A crappy little dungeon of a place serving undercooked and watery eggs with dried and hardened mini-croissants.   I post a pic later.   The South Beach Cafe has Matzo Ball chicken soup that taste like it is straight from the can and is ruined further by being served in a paper container that falls apart minute after it arrives Suffice to say that if you stay at the Tropicana you need to plan for you meals at some other place with better food such as Denny's!The on-screen room folios for you bill are entirely useless.  The only think offered in the current bill total and the ability to check out.  None of the details for your room are presented.  The Tropicana's folio system smacks of a 1980's computer throwback that is in need of a urgent update.The parking just sucked!  At the time the Tropicana was hosting three conventions, Rollercon, Buffalo Soldiers, and Classic Gaming Expo.   While the convention facilities were handled well, the parking problems could have been mentioned before we arrived.   The entire covered parking was absolutely full when I arrived on Friday morning at 7 AM and remained a real bitch all the way to Sunday!  The Tropicana needs to build an new multi-story structure in the other flat lot to alleviate the parking issues!The various WiFi rates.   Now I know we don't come to LV to surf the net.  Well not unless you were going to that kind of convention anyway.  But I have to say the Tropicana's rate are really over the top in this day and age of free WiFi as an expected room amenity to keep in touch.  The Tropicana's rates are:$14.95 / day  for the room areas.$16.95 / day  for the pool areas and it is a separate charge from the room areas.$495.00 / day for the Convention Facility areas.  Yes $495/day!  And without guarantee  of usability!The moral of the story here is to bring your own 3G or 4G mode/router with you when you stay at the Tropicana!Overall I would count the Tropicana as a win for the room and convention facilities.  Just be prepared to walk for food and entertainment,  Thankfully those items are walking close to the Trop.  It's the only reasons I gave then three stars   But I really should have given them 1 or 2 stars.
3	Recently attended the Classic Gaming Expo 2010 held in the hotel.   As both and attendee and as CGE Staff I can tell you both sides using the Tropicana as a convention facility and a hotel.First the GoodFreshly remodeled rooms.   + Well appointed for the price you pay. + Mid range soaps (for the price)  + Quite rooms with nice glass and shutters to block the outside noise and light when needed. + Very comfortable beds at sheets that are at least 400 TC if not a LOT more. + Enough pillows on the bed(s) for anyone. No problems with bringing up more of anything you want. + Large flat screen TV.  pretty much normal for LV rooms.  If you watch it that is.Nice pool area!  Not to small.  Not too big.  Lots of adults enjoying the pool and the view.   This hotel is an adults oriented hotel so there are not many kids around.  A point to consider it you travel with younger family.Convention facilities that are pretty good in any book.  The rooms are kept cool even when the load dock door is opened.Convention Facility managers whole will be on site and available to ensure your every need is met.  No arguments about sending down tech to adjust the sound and lighting for the rooms.  No extra charges for that service either!Main theater and stage that is well equipped to make your convention dinner and event a success.Valet parking that does not gouge you on either the price or the service.Okay casino area.  Nothing fancy but it will serve your gambling urge if you have one.The Legend's Steakhouse staff.   During our convention I need to ask the staff at Legends for more than one favor both in and out of the restaurant.  They came through admirably with exactly what I needed each time.  And they did one on time too!The location!   Being right on the corner with New York-New York, The MGM, and Excalibur put you in walking distance of many notable things to see and do.  As you will see below the Tropicana needs these other things in order to attract people to stay.Now some negatives that really sucked.The Food!   No restaurant in the entire Tropicana served food anywhere near to the quality needed for the price they charged.  Save one. Legend Steakhouse.   Every other eatery in the Tropicana including Bacio, Havana Go Go, South Beach Cafe, etc, served mid range to crappy food I was sorry to have paid for.  Bacio in particular was a huge breakfast disappointment.  A crappy little dungeon of a place serving undercooked and watery eggs with dried and hardened mini-croissants.   I post a pic later.   The South Beach Cafe has Matzo Ball chicken soup that taste like it is straight from the can and is ruined further by being served in a paper container that falls apart minute after it arrives Suffice to say that if you stay at the Tropicana you need to plan for you meals at some other place with better food such as Denny's!The on-screen room folios for you bill are entirely useless.  The only think offered in the current bill total and the ability to check out.  None of the details for your room are presented.  The Tropicana's folio system smacks of a 1980's computer throwback that is in need of a urgent update.The parking just sucked!  At the time the Tropicana was hosting three conventions, Rollercon, Buffalo Soldiers, and Classic Gaming Expo.   While the convention facilities were handled well, the parking problems could have been mentioned before we arrived.   The entire covered parking was absolutely full when I arrived on Friday morning at 7 AM and remained a real bitch all the way to Sunday!  The Tropicana needs to build an new multi-story structure in the other flat lot to alleviate the parking issues!The various WiFi rates.   Now I know we don't come to LV to surf the net.  Well not unless you were going to that kind of convention anyway.  But I have to say the Tropicana's rate are really over the top in this day and age of free WiFi as an expected room amenity to keep in touch.  The Tropicana's rates are:$14.95 / day  for the room areas.$16.95 / day  for the pool areas and it is a separate charge from the room areas.$495.00 / day for the Convention Facility areas.  Yes $495/day!  And without guarantee  of usability!The moral of the story here is to bring your own 3G or 4G mode/router with you when you stay at the Tropicana!Overall I would count the Tropicana as a win for the room and convention facilities.  Just be prepared to walk for food and entertainment,  Thankfully those items are walking close to the Trop.  It's the only reasons I gave then three stars   But I really should have given them 2 stars.
1	Please save yourself alot of frustration and anger.  I booked 2 rooms 2 months ago in the new section. I booked directly through the 800 number.  I was confirmed for the new rooms. I asked a couple of times to make sure I got the new rooms. Two weeks before arriving I called to make sure I was still good to go, they said YES, we have you in the Paradise towers. When I got there, I waited 30 minutes to get my room. Once I got it, I noticed our rooms were in the Garden Section. When we were walking to our rooms, I notice the carpets were dirty, the smell was gross. We walked into the rooms and they were not the newly renovated rooms. They were the old ones.  I was upset.  I went back to the front desk and was there an hour.  In that hour I noticed that 2 other guests had similar problems.  The booked the new rooms and got stuck in the old section.  BAIT AND SWITCH.  I did notice that all the convention folks got the new rooms.  I was so upset, they coule not and would do nothing for us at that point.  I felt like I had been rolled in VEGAS.  PLEASE SAVE YOUR SELF GRIEF and do not STAY THERE.  If you do, make sure you get it in writing what rooms you are in.  The confirmation email does not state the room type.  LEARN from my mistakes.  BETTER YET BOOK SOMEPLACE ELSE.
2	I stayed at the Hotel for the Classic Gaming Expo where I was helping with and was very pleased with the updated room I stayed in (not everyone was lucky enough to get one, however), but displeased with everything else.The room was brand new, so everything was nice and clean.  It had a huge LCD TV and a safe to lock up your expensive belongings.  The bathroom was also spacious and had a large shower.  The rest of the hotel was not nearly as nice.  The food at the two restaurants I tried was mediocre.  The breakfast buffet while sub-par, wasn't even open on week days, so you had to venture somewhere else outside the hotel for that kind of thing, or pay $10 for a breakfast burrito at the South Beach Cafe.  The casino is a joke.  If you like slot machines, you will probably find another to suit your fancy.  But if you like table games, especially craps, you will want to go somewhere else.  I went to the MGM across the bridge next-door and was very pleased with what they had to offer there.The parking at the Tropicana also left a lot to be desired, but it was at least free.  There was no place to park anywhere near the vicinity of the rooms we were staying at, and the back door was locked past a certain hour at night.The hotel staff and the (new) rooms were very nice, but the facilities left quite a lot to be desired.  If you can get one of the new rooms here and don't mind traveling elsewhere to spend your time, the rooms are nice and priced well.  Just expect to do your wining, dining and gambling elsewhere.
3	This place reminds me of Prince. There's PURPLE everywhere. When BODIES first came to Vegas, it was at the Tropicana and it was a very intriguing and eye-opening exhibit. Once I left, I had nothing better to do, so I decided to take a look around. I'm assuming that unlike most of the other old places not a single building was destroyed in the process of it's various remodels over the years looking at the motel buildings that surround the pool area, and seeing how low the ceiling is in some parts. It definitely feels very cramped all throughout the whole entire hotel. And that's pretty much all I did, look around. I've heard horror stories about the buffet and none of the other restaurants looked appealing at all and all of the shops looked hilariously tacky. And there's certain parts of it which feel completely deserted and are just creepy.P.S. Has anyone heard the Tropicana ghost story? Supposedly there's a man in a tiki costume at the entrance and whenever guests take a picture with him, once the picture is developed he shows up as a purple fuzz and if a guest hugs or shakes hands with it they develop a (wait for it) PURPLE rash. LOLOLOLOLOLOL. Did his Purple majesty make this shit up?
2	In all honesty, this place smells like the restroom after you sprayed air freshener to get rid of the scent you left behind. The rooms were decent, minus the shutters that they use. I've stayed in hotels where you have those draperies that black out the entire room and I missed those rooms SOOO much when I was trying to sleep at the Tropicana. One more thing: THE ROOM SERVICE! Make the effort to go to another hotel or go to Mcdonalds ANY WHERE ELSE. I ended up sick the first night I had it but I thought it was the alcohol I had drank that same night. The second night we got it I was in the same exact pain...HEED MY WARNING, DO NOT EAT THERE!
3	It was nice inside and the tables were pretty decent. Problem with Vegas at least during the week, EVERY TABLE is crowded.
5	New renovations are amazing. New rooms are beautiful. Casino floor was just opened today and the new slot set up is awesome. Cant wait until they open the new pool next year.
3	I spent August 7-10, 2010 at the Tropicana for my first Vegas experience with my best friend, my boyfriend and his friend.  We stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms in Paradise Tower and it cost us, after tax, about $180 for the three nights.  We got extra add-ons, like 2 for 1 comedy show tickets (we didn't use) and VIP check-in (you get to skip the long line and go to the short one; nobody was in front of me in this line.)  This was a phenomenal summer deal that isn't always available, but I'm glad I was able to take advantage of it.  I personally did not take the time to tour the hotel, but the front desk area is in GREAT need of a renovation.  It stunk as much as the casino did.  (-1 star).  I don't really care that the casino stunk because I don't gamble and my overall definition of a casino is "smelly and unsanitary."  This is probably why Italians use the word casino to describe something as trashy/gross.We used the valet and bellhop service, they were very prompt.  Tropicana is at the end of the strip so you have to walk pretty far to get anywhere.  To fix this problem, we used cabs for long distances and their rates really weren't too bad split between us.  It was definitely worth it to avoid the blisters my friend and I would have faced walking the strip in our 4-inch heels.When most people hear "Tropicana," they immediately think of the run-down, smelly, motel-like, pre-renovation room.  But, this updated room in Paradise Tower was perfect for us.  We had two queen beds that were very soft and easy to fall asleep in.  The blackout shutters were very nice and especially a success on those mornings after a late night.  There was free WiFi and an iPod dock with speakers, it was perfect for our pre-gaming.  The bathroom was large enough for the two of us girls to get ready for a night without bumping into each other.  The shower was spacious and clean.  There was a room safe that was easy to use but very secure.  I really don't have any complaints about the room. The second morning, after a particularly "eventful" night, we were in desperate need of the maid.  I looked down the hall for the maid simply to warn her of the mess in our room (burrito sprawled all over the guys' bed, etc.) and apologize in advance.  She stopped what she was doing and followed me to the room and I showed her the damage.  We all felt really bad about the mess even though we did what we could to clean most of it up.  She didn't seem agitated or anything and said, "Don't worry, I'll take care of it," with a smile then walked down the hall back to the room she had already been working on.  We then proceeded to the pool.  When we came back, she had already finished our room, and it looked like she had skipped to ours then proceeded on her normal route.  She was working on the room that came after the one she had been cleaning when I first approached her.  The room was immaculate; she even left us extra towels, soaps, etc. (more than normal.)   We spent most of our days at the Tropicana pool and the layout was visually pleasing.  Most of the area was hidden away due to renovations, but there was still plenty of room for the 4 of us to sit together comfortably and swim around without the bother of other people.  There was swim-up blackjack that the guys enjoyed.  I am very excited to see the pool renovations that should be done by Spring 2011.  The updates will include a sand volleyball court, bed-like cabanas and other cool extras. Overall, the experience was fantastic and will be a hotel I'll easily consider going back to when I return to Vegas.  This is a good hotel for people with smaller budgets but still want a non-dingy, non-motel looking place (at least in their room--hopefully the rest of the hotel follows the Paradise Tower renovations) to stay with comfortable, clean beds.  It was the most bang for our buck and I don't have any large complaints except that it's not the Bellagio, ha ha.
1	If I could leave 0 star review for this lovely establishment, I would. When I was shopping for a hotel in Vegas, several hotels were in my price range including Excalibur, Luxor and the Flamingo. I chose the Flamingo because I have never been here before (and I have stayed in first two on numerous occasions)For $150 a night I do not expect much. However with the number of hotels Vegas has to choose from, $150 can buy you nice room. I just need basics - the hotel has to be fresh, clean and modern. Flamingo Las Vegas is neither. The whole time that we were inside (and not just our "suite") I had a feeling I was in a cheap $19.99 motel that you rent hourly to bang hookers. It really was disgusting, beginning with 70's decor and ending with the room that needed renovation 20 years ago. I literally could not believe my eyes, it was that bad. It's unbelievable that a place like this could exist on Las Vegas Strip in 2010. I stayed in $59.99 Circus Circus and it was 100 times better than this pathetic excuse for the hotel. Stay away from this flea bag establishment. Pay the same $$ and live comfortably in Luxor across the street. Here are some pictures if you do not believe my glorious review. You be the judge. http://www.flickr.com/photos/33182341@N00/sets/72157621840716349/
3	Rencently stayed at the Tropicana for 2 nights in one of their renovated rooms in the Paradise Tower.  and in greraI got too the Trop pretty early in the morning since I had an early check-out at my previous hotel. I walked in was pretty impressd with all the renovations going on.  I looked around for abit and headed to the check-in desk. I got through the line very quickly and asked the lady (Kimberlee) if I was too early to check-in.  It was only like 10:30am and thought for sure i'd be checking my luggage with the Bell Boy and then coming back in a couple hours but she took my ID and said NOPE your room is ready and waiting for you....AWESOME!  The lady at the front desk was VERY nice and imformative and gave me my key card for the 19th floor (Only 21 floors at Trop).Got on the elevator and headed for the 19th floor. Got off the elevator and noticed that the decor was very nice and in great taste for the South Beach Theme. Got to my room and it was great. It really had a beachy feeling which I liked. Best part was the beds were SUPER comfortable.At first I was confused when I opened the blindes to see what type of view I was going to have because it had very nice shutters on the windows but the windows themselves had some sort of dark tinted something or other on them so it was hard to enjoy the view. I soon realized that the shutters themselves opened up and then you can open the window itself.  The view was perfect. I was looking North right at the MGM and it was amazing at night. The only complaint was at night when your trying to sleep (not that I got much) you could hear all the sirens and traffic.Now the pool was insane. If it wasnt for the construction going on I could sit out there by the pool all day and just relax. The poool itself was beautiful but the temp of it was just right....awww! I really liked that they had swim up blackjack tables and a 31/2 ft pool you could swim in after hours. My friends and I kinda snook into the pool and the hot tub late one night and no one botherd us.The only really complaint I have for TropLV is that there is not really any food choices. I mean they have 2 nice sit down restaurants (Biscayne&Bacio) but I wasnt looking for that type of place to eat. I did eat at a place called Havanna GoGo right next to the table games and I didnt love it.  I wish they would of had a cute lil diner or cafe or even a buffet....maybe they'll add them later.For the most part I enjoyed my stay at TropLv. It was in a good location, was quiet and relaxing. I will probably stay here again.
4	Well when I first mentioned that I was staying st the Tropicana, I was told to run not walk as fast as I could away from the hotel. That anywhere, well almost anywhere would be better. Well, due to my own idiocy I booked a very early morning flight so I wasn't able to check in right away, and didn't expect to as it wasn't even 8 am yet. Also do to my own idiocy I hadn't been to bed yet and had been up for about 24 hours. Not related to the hotel but more as a tip... bring up for 32 hours, drinking and gambling not a smart idea. Now after my ADD moment back to my review. So, when I decided that falling asleep while gambling was probably not a good thing. I slept walked to registration and prayed I would be able to check in. The woman at the front desk was very helpful and found me a room that was.already cleaned and available even though it was not even noon yet and check in isn't until 3. It wasn't in the paradise tower that I had booked but the island tower. She assured me it was a newer room like the one I had booked. The room looked exactly like the billboard advertising the new rooms. Bed was super comfy, which I couldn't really make that determination until much later. Honestly, I could have slept on the floor at that point. This is where I get to the first hiccup in my stay, one reason I only have 4 stars, my luggage. Of course, I checked it at the bell desk upon arriving because I really did not want to tote it all over with me. I call down to get my luggage and laid down to get some rest. When it hadn't arrived and I was now losing the battle to keep my eyes open I realized it had been an hour since I called. I call back to the bell desk and get asked," don't you have it?" Now I know this is Vegas and people are prone to sleep deprived drunken bouts of memory loss but I think I would remember getting my luggage. Hangs up says they will call me back. Now I'm used to airlines losing your luggage but usually if it makes it to the hotel you're safe until you trust the airline with it again. I get a call back, they found it and would be right up, and it was. Until checkout, things were great. Service was great. Until the second hiccup at checkout. When I booked, I used a travel agency and with my reservation it included a late checkout of 3. Which was great cause my flight wasn't until later. I called down and was told it wasn't an option, the latest was 12. So I call my travel agency who called the hotel and all wad straightened out. Overall, my stay wad great and would stay again.  The remodeling is coming along great. My one suggestion is more cocktail waitresses in the casino. Sometimes finding one wad worse than a where's waldo and when you did get a drink it would be a while before she was back.
4	I think the Tropicana is GREAT! We stayed for just over $50 a night, the hotel is in a great location, the remodled rooms were great, and the pool is great too. They could have done better on the poolside music. Thier cleaning staff is on it, the glass doors in the front were NEVER dirty and the hotel was always clean. As we walked through the long hall to our rooms there was always someone cleaning or vaccuming. I think it's an amazing value for the money and would for sure stay there again.
4	Can't speak for the rooms, but the Casino remodel is very nice and provides a much needed improvement.  I enjoyed gambling there for a couple of hours.
4	We had our 2 nights at Tropicana in September and we could not get a better hotel.     The rates were reasonable in comparison with some overpriced hotels on the Strip.   We had a limited budget but on the other hand we did not want to stay in a grotty place.   Check-in was pleasant and we felt straight away very welcomed.   Our room was spacious with a decent-sized bathroom, making it very comfortable.   It was recently refurbished so everything was clean&fresh.   The location was perfect for discovering the south end of the Strip, within easy walking distance of NYNY, Excalibur, Paris & Bellagio. The only one thing to complain about was the swimming pool closing time - 6pm.   We only arrived about 6pm hoping to have some time in the cooling water and unfortunately we had to give it a miss.However, we would definitely recommend Tropicana as a perfect base for all that Vegas has to offer.
2	Although the base price per night is reasonable, what you aren't told when booking is that you will get hit with resort fees that very depending on how many days you plan on staying. Also their 24 hour Cafe is outrageously priced as well. The first night we got in, my wife and I were so jet lagged that we decided to just stay in for the evening and order something from the Cafe. We each got a Sandwich, a 20 ounce soda, and an order or mozzarella cheese sticks and the total was $45 and change.The walk to get to your room is quite a hike as it is all the way in the back. You have to walk through the casino then through their restaurant area, a bar, and finally business center just to get to the elevators. As a heads up, none of the rooms even the High Roller/Executive Suites have any form of appliances such as a microwave or fridge in them. If you wish to have a fridge in your room it is a $25 a day up charge.The hotel staff is hit or miss as some were friendly and some were not. We decided to order a movie one afternoon after walking the strip all day so we could rest up for the night. It clearly states that a one time fee of $12.99 would be charged to the room upon ordering.  Although this is a bit pricey for a movie, it is what it is for a hotel. However the following morning my wife checks our bank account and notices a $116 charge from the hotel on our statement. When she went down to figure out what this charge was from the front desk the lady was a bit snotty and stated that they hold $116 on your card in case we wanted to order any other movies or have room service. This was never told to us by the staff nor was it listed on the screen when we made the purchase. She immediately asked for the funds to returned to our bank account and the lady said there was no way they could that do that until we checked out - the system wouldn't allow it. When my wife told me this I was livid so I went down and had my words with the lady. She tried to call my wife a liar by saying, and I quote, "I never stated we could not return the funds until checkout. Your wife is lying." Whether she was or not, the last thing you want to call a paying customer is a liar. She gave me hassle about refunding the money, but when the dust settled she did. I basically told her she had two choices; either refund the money now or I call my bank and report it as fraud.Also be prepared to get flagged down by various staff members to try and entice you to "win free prizes" if you attend their two to three hour time share seminar. No matter how many times we said no thank you they still would hunt us down.Yes the hotel is undergoing renovations which is great for them in the long run, but as current staying guests it sucked for us. Getting woken up to by jackhammers and bulldozers at 6:00 in the morning after getting in late the night prior is not a fun way to start the day.All in all if we ever go back to Vegas, this hotel will be towards the bottom of our list of places to stay. You get what you pay for and sometime a bargain deal may be easy on the wallet initially you ended up paying for it in other ways.
4	This is one of the oldest hotels on the strip and the owners know it. Which is why they have been spending a lot of time and money upgrading it over the years. My review actually spans a 2 year period in which I have seen the hotel go from blah to better and better.I stayed at this hotel in Spring of 2008. It was the first Vegas hotel I had stayed at since turning 21 years earlier and I couldn't have had a better experience. Room 2008:The room we were assigned was in the tower above the casino floor. Perfect location. Easy access to the $5 blackjack tables and the elevators were speedy. The room had a large safe and a mini fridge. The mini fridge came in handy for keeping our drinks cold and storing our leftover food... which we never actually ate. The view wasn't great, but we did have front row seats to everything MGM. There was a rooftop party going on at the MGM one night that we could see. Not exciting, but something to see. :)The room was very spacious for a standard room. The bathroom was incredible. Three girls in one hotel room, 2 with curly hair means lots of bathroom time and space is needed. We were able to spread out our gels, sprays and makeup without crowding each other. Room 2009:We wanted the absolute cheapest room and we were treated with the absolute cheapest location and room. Our room was across the hall from our friends so we didn't complain. The 5 of us were able to enjoy our stay and had no trouble with space. My friend who smokes loved that she could climb through the window (ground floor) and smoke. No long treks to the casino floor or hanging out in the hallway to enjoy a cigarette. The room wasn't as nice as the tower room from 2008, but it worked well for what we needed.Room 2010:More rooms have been upgraded as part of a massive overhaul. The tower rooms have been updated even more and the older rooms have been updated to the level of the 2008 tower rooms. Dining 2008: Garden Cafe. Scrumptious. I adored their lox and bagel platter (pre-GF) so I ate it every morning with coffee, tomato juice and lots of water. The Cafe is adjacent to the pool area so it was the perfect place to start the day. Great selection, decent service and good prices. After brunch we would wander over to the pool area to sit still for a few hours.Dining 2009:Garden Cafe. Still delicious, still cheap, different location all of a sudden as part of the impending move.Dining 2010:Garden Cafe has disappeared. Where has it gone? I asked the customer service people but they sent me on a wild goose chase. Perhaps it will be back when the renovations are complete.Casino 2008:The casino floor is very dated. It has a lingering smell of age and pre-filter cigarettes. The machines are all new though. They have plenty of the modern animation based slots. The blackjack tables were our favorite hangout. We were 3 of the youngest women at the tables most of the time but we didn't care. We made friends with everyone and knew all the dealers by name and hometown. We would spend hours sitting at the tables and then go out at night and then come back in and sit back down at the tables. Never a dull moment. At one point, my friend was sitting at the table and the dealer told her to go upstairs and get some sleep... after she just blew $300 that she had previously won. Now wasn't that sweet of him? He could have just bled her dry entirely but didn't. Always a fun time with a great crowd of people. No snooty women or pompous trust fund babies.Casino 2009:Pretty much the same old thing. Some of the machines have been moved around and a new room was created for special (not high limit) machines.Casino 2010: The casino floor was actually still under construction but was fully functioning. The improvements that they had already made were fantastic. Everything was more open and modern. The old carpeting was gone and had been replaced with tiled floors and new carpeting. The layout felt airy and free. The smell of yesteryear was already starting to dissipate. I can not wait to go back and check it out again once everything is complete.Pool 2008-2010:The pool never seems to change. Sometimes it is full of life and youthful guests and sometimes it is almost gloomy; strewn with overly tan senior citizens and obese mothers. The hotel boasts that they are one of a only a few hotel pools that offes swim up blackjack. The only problem is, I have never seen swim up blackjack actually open at this pool. I have been to the pool 5-6 times at different times of the year and still nothing. The stools are there. The water is there. Where are the dealers and cocktail servers? Maybe next time I will take my own cards and start a game. LOLThe arcade is "easily" accessible from the pool if your kids don't want to spend the whole day in the sun.Volleyball is usually set up and balls can be rented from the towel hut.Entertainment:Les Folies Bergere was not great. Brad Garrett there now.
4	I was a little nervous when my client booked me in the Tropicana, where our convention was being held, but I went in open-minded. The renovation must be making a difference because my stay at Tropicana, aside from a disastrous trip to their salon, was really delightful.Salon in a nutshell: I truly don't think this woman has ever given a manicure before. Her own nails were a disaster, which should've been my first clue, but she didn't trim my cuticles, I had to ask her to take my nails to a uniform length (she "thought it was a shame" to cut them down) and after that I was constantly telling here "this is uneven; the buff left little lumps, etc." After she put the polish on it looked a 6-year-old had done it, and her attempts to clean it up were pathetic. All-around fail, and all the while the other woman in the salon was getting her updo redone for the THIRD time because the stylist couldn't get it right. The place was a mess. BUT. The rooms were lovely. I stayed in a single the first night and a double the second (after my friend arrived), and the big beautiful bathtub is a treat! The shampoo and body wash smelled dreadful, so I'm glad I brought my own, we had occasionally bad reception from the TV, and the cleaning staff knocks on your door at 9 in the freaking morning if you don't have the DND sign out. It would've been nice to have the conference center bar staffed at night, but because our large group was able to hang out in the bar area anyway, it was actually more fun. So why 4 stars? Super fast WiFi, some of the best I've had in a hotel, and the conference rooms were really nice, and this place deserves a bump in the rankings. They must be making improvements based on the horror stories I've heard. We had a nice time.
3	This is a review for the Tiffany Showroom and the new show "Yesterday - A Tribute to the Beatles."  The showroom is quite nice.  There are three main levels.  The top level has individual chairs and some small round tables.  The next level down has banquettes and chairs.  Finally, the floor level has two rows of banquettes and some small table seating.The stage is a good size, and the sound and lighting for tonight's show was excellent.  This tribute show has been well planned.Review for the show itself: the guys have good voices and play wonderfully.  They are best when they sing with some harmony.  A few times when one of the guys was singing alone, the sound was not the Beatles but the individual.  When singing in unison, they sounded much closer to the Beatles.The show was almost exactly one hour in length. I wish I could give 3.5 stars because 3 is a bit low but 4 would be too high.
3	"They are changing everything!"
2	The Tropicana hotel is okay. I personally slept in better hotels. This place is just too old for my liking. Not to take away from it's history or anything that's just my opinion. This hotel really needs some remodeling, either that or they just need to tear it down and just rebuild the whole thing. I only come here to use it for it's parking lot to go to the hooters hotel, because the hooters hotel's parking lot is usually filled.
2	Over the last 10 years, I have come to Las Vegas an average of 8 times a year.  I've stayed at Ballys, MGM, Mandolay Bay, Flamingo, Stratosphere & more...This was my first time staying at the Tropicana.Checking in was a unique experience.  There was complimentary bottled water available at the front desk.  After a shmoozy chat with the gal behind the counter, she offered us a free upgrade to one of their newly renovated rooms.  Good times, huh?Not so much...the room looks like it was designed with good intentions, but it just doesn't deliver...Pros:* On the strip, only a short walk away from MGM or a cab ride away from anywhere else.* Newly remodeled* 42" Plasma TVs in every room* Extremely budget friendlyCons:* The smoke detector goes off whenever you take a shower (from the steam)...call downstairs, and they tell you "it's normal"* No curtains!, There are blinds, but the bright lights from the outside come right in...* There are 3 restaurants in this "resort"...one sucks, one closed, and the other I abandoned in hope of a better meal at MGM.A 42" plasma doesn't make up for what is wrong with this place...I won't be back...
4	I used to come here over 10 years ago, and usually enjoyed it. A few weeks ago I got a letter from a exec. casino host inviting me for a 3 night stay( free)  On a whim we drove to vegas, called my new host, and took him up on his offer. WOW !! Finally this old resort got its revamp !!Very classy, and open. Our room was wonderful with a corner view of the strip on one side, and airport from other( I like to watch how airports run)Everything in room was new and had a wonderful island feel.  The tub was large enough for both of us... so relaxing with my love was great.The hotel had a tanning lotion odor which was soooo much better than the perfume crap I hate. The staff was great, and one dealer stood out from the rest and made playing 3 card poker even more fun.. his name was Rey. The hotel is still under some construction as they are making what I was told was a club Nikki, and should top off what was already a great pool area. This place must have put a lotta money into revamping EVERYTHING. I think I have found my new home in vegas. I would say its not a great place for kids, but thats what I like about it. I look forward to returning and seeing what the pool club will be like.THE TROP IS NO LONGER AN OLD HAG !!Now its got class
3	It wasn't superb,  but it wasn't horrible.  The rooms are nicely remodeled, but it seemed like a rush job.  I could see the imperfections right off.  And I just think that if you're taking the time and money to make changes, then make sure they're done right.  There aren't a lot of things to do in the hotel and thats probably why I might not stay there again.  But they're not done with the upgrades, so you never know.  Definitely need better food choices on the room service menu...
4	When my relatives were in town we headed over to The Tropicana on our gambling crawl. We were hoping we were going to win our money back but the machines were a bit tight. They must need all the money to go to their new rennovations. It was nice and bright in there no longer dark and dreary. The machines were the same though ....the only new machines I saw were The Sex in the City machines. That game is fun but it takes your money quick! They did have a new deal for new slot club members. I think if you lose a certain amount they will give you your money back. My sister in law signed up for it but she didn't get any money back because she was the only one who won over there!The good thing about the card is it keeps track of the amount of money you earn. You can cash it out while you are playing on the slots in $5.00 increments. You used to have to redeem it at the cash cage which was not the most efficient thing to do so it was a good change! While I was leaving I noticed big advertisements for "The Mob Experience". It sounds interesting it would be even better if they had a themed restaurant to go with it!
3	Want to feel you live in a cheap two star mexican resort? Pick the tropicana!In all seriousness, this is a great place if you're looking for 1) clean, and 2) location. Across the street from MGM and NY NY, it's easy access to the south part of the strip, the airport and an In-N-Out!On the downside, most of it is under renovation right now. Although the rooms are clean, the Garden tower is currently closed which means that you'll have to walk a solid 5-10min to reach your room all the way at the back of the casino.So, not much personality here but if you're looking for a cheap and clean place to crash on the south part of the strip, you have it. Don't hesitate.
3	Will be staying here next month for the first time.. I will come back and review..  I Have readed mixed reviews.. Hopefully I Have a good stay!
4	I was given this hotel from a JetBlue vacation package deal. I was only able to get an idea about it from online reviews.I loved the hotel, no complaints at all. Was there the week of  Dec. 13th.I had an early flight and arrived at the hotel way before official check-in time- 10am. I went the front desk, fully expecting to have to wait for 3pm. The guy at the front desk gave me a choice btwn two available rooms with double beds. I didnt care about having double beds, I was just appreciative that I didnt have to wait.The room was in the Island Tower, which is quite a walk from the front desk, but that's not a big deal. The room was really nice. I had a nice view of the pool area and nearby The Strip hotels. The bed was really comfortable. The bathroom was nice & spacious with adequate amenities. One afternoon, I happened to see the cleaning lady and I told her is wasnt necessary to make my bed, I was only going to sleep in again. I just got some fresh towels. She seemed very concerned about it, but I assured her it was fine. I was saving her some work LOLThere was a Ipod dock/alarm clock but I didnt use it. My favorite thing was that I was able to control the air&heat in my room. I'm always cold. I could set the temp. so my room was warm when I returned at nightNo problem with the Wi-Fi connection.Never had a long wait for the elevators.Yes there is construction going on, but you barely hear it and if you turn on the TV, you dont hear it at all.The restaurants weren't open during my stay. The staff was friendly & pleasant when I dealt with them and when you passed them in the hallway. Really glad that the hotel was fairly close to a Walgreen's. (used their cash back option for getting cash)When I went to the front desk to confirm checkout time, the lady asked if I would like an extra hour. I excitedly accepted. Her co-worker asked what time did I want to check out, I just accepted 12pm. I wasnt sure how much more time I get (my flight was at 10pm).After I checked out, the hotel held my luggage until my airport shuttle arrived. They give you a ticket to retrieve it later.I enjoyed my stay at Tropicana and would stay again and recommend it.
2	Tropicana is a Casino Hotel that literally lost it and now is trying to regain some credibility.  This casino was in such bad shape it was scary to even ride the elevator to your floor.  Now they have remodeled the hotel from the ground up.  Not to be critical but a fresh coat of white paint and replacing 70s light bulbs with led lights and changing out the carpet doesn't necessarily seem like that much of a "remodel."This place looks very bright and inviting now with a fresh coat of paint and updated lights.  They changed out the carpet throughout but the elevators are still scary to ride in.  This paint and carpet was needed at least 10 years earlier.  This is better than the Hooter's Hotel but not by much.  Decent size casino, the buffet fine, and the place is much brighter than even 2 years ago.  They also jacked up their prices and even though it's still cheap...You get exactly what you paid for.This is still a solid 2 star barely a notch above Hooters or a Super 8.  This hotel would be more comfortable in Downtown next to the HorseShoe, California Hotel, and the rest of the old school vegas hotels.
1	I stayed at the Tropicana from January 16th thru the 19th. The hotel rooms are updated and new-the view from the 20th floor from my room was beautiful-overlooked the strip. I stayed in the Island Tower which was quite a haul from the front desk to my room. The casino was clean and bright and wasn't smoke filled or uninviting. Check in was wonderful and fast-Rose was smiling and helpful. A great big welcome to Las Vegas  attitude. I thought this was going to be a great place to stay. WRONG! The service in their Cafe Nikki which is opened 24hrs. was HORRIBLE..Unattentive waiters and waitresses..I can;t say anything good about this restaurant at all. The food was ok and way overpriced. The last morning I stayed there I went down to breakfast at 6:30am. The place was empty..The waitress came over and took my order..gave me my cold coffee..Then I waited..and waited and waited..Finally this guy brought out my breakfast..and served it to another guest who said he was in a hurry..I was like--what the ***!  I got up and the waitress asked why I was leaving..she never apologized and I told her it was because you gave my breakfast to another guest--she could care less!! Sorry Tropicana..I'll NEVER stay there again.
3	I'm all about staying cheap, on the Strip in Vegas. You can't really go wrong with the Tropicana. It's old-school Vegas (although, I haven't been here since they've remodeled) in a prime location. Although, I do think they struggle with the pressure to modernize and conform to the "new" Vegas. The pool is my favorite feature. It used to be open 24hrs (which doesn't usually happen in Vegas..why not???), with a couple Jacuzzis, an adult pool, a large main pool with swim-up blackjack, waterfalls, lush gardens..definitely tropical.
4	Great hotel!!! It was very affordable and VERY clean! The look of the room was very nice too! All the rooms have been remodeled. I haven't seen any other hotels in Vegas but I would def stay here again. I think my girl and I got more than our moneys worth. Word of caution: their trop club where they reimburse you your losses DOES NOT APPLY TO TABLES!!! The umm hostesses or whatever they are called are a little on the older side (I'm 26) just FYI
3	When we found out we had to spend the night in Las Vegas because of a cancelled flight to Europe, we surely hadn't foreseen a night at the Tropicana. That old place? But it turned out fine, and I'm glad we were there AFTER the remodel, from the sounds of the BEFORE. We walked through the Excalibur and, boy, does that place need to be brought out of the Middle Ages. As for the Trop, I'd like to put in a good word for the buffet at Cafe Nikki. It was simple and almost elegant and not what we expected from a buffet on the Strip. The cafe has a beach theme, which keeps things light and modern. Everything we tried tasted good, or good enough, and the desserts were crazy good. I appreciated that the chefs were hovering behind the buffet table every time I went up -- it showed me they cared.
1	I stayed here during the summer of 2008 and god, it gives me goosebumps to remember that experience, but I'll do so to warn others of the horrors staying here.My frugal uncle was in charge of booking hotel rooms for our extended family's trip so naturally, he booked the Tropicana for a two-night stay because of the cheap prices. I begged him to please reconsider and at least book us at a decent place like the Monte Carlo, but he wouldn't listen. Anyways, the room we stayed at was not even in the tower. It was in some dingy apartment-like structure next to the towers and although it had a view of the pool, it was definitely the worst hotel room I've ever stayed at. The elevator ride was scary, the hallways were dark, and everything just felt dirty. Just don't even think about staying at the Tropicana. I hear they're making renovations to the place now, but it really can't be that much better. Just pay a bit more somewhere else where you can enjoy a clean room. This place has been around for much too long and needs to be demolished to make way for newer hotels.
2	So last January I made the mistake of staying with my friends at the Tropicana. Ok so we get the the Tropicana check in and everything is fine. Me and my wifey had our own single bedroom. So we go up to the 15th floor what luck our room is right next to the elevator which is a super plus! Little did we know that when we swiped our card through the door what was in store for us... Ok so I have to give the tropicana points for doing a great job with the remodeling it is very nice. A big downer was the room not being clean.. luckily my wifey is a neat freak so she jumped all over it. Some towels were dirty so we pushed those aside and made due. Glasses were spotty didn't even look like they were washed. There were long black hairs on the bed. Luckily we just checked in so the wifey couldn't get crazy. lol. Everything else was ok just really lame that we had to clean up before we got there. Thankfully the slot gods made my trip worth while!
3	The Tropicana is the place to be when you know Rugby players are there as well. The room service was slow with towels, the room had no blankets and I was fine until I had to call the front desk twice and flag down an employee in the hallway just to get what we needed. The upside; it is located in a prime location on the strip and the machines pay well :) Also, Rugby players :)
4	Nice, clean, comfortable rooms at a moderate price. Not as nice as the MGM but definitely nicer than Excalibur!  Valet parking is complimentary.  Hotel staff was courteous and helpful upon check in and the stay was pleasant.  Pool was closed but who wants to go in the pool when is freezing in Vegas anyway?! Word of advice... if you book a room in the Island tower, Beware of the lengthy walk from the hotel entrance/casino to the Island Tower. Not a pleasant experience after a long night, trying to make your way back to the room!
4	So, we came into town for the recent IRB Rugby 7's tournament. We got into town @ 8pm on a Friday and we mentioned that we had just recently gotten engaged. Sheila at the front desk congratulated us and offered us an upgrade to a Jr. Suite at no charge! We were pleasantly surprised to see a completely renovated tower (Island tower) new carpet, bathrooms and bedding. One thing that sucks about the Island tower is that it takes forever to walk there from the front desk and you'd better be able to carry all of your luggage in one trip!Very centrally located, free parking, friendly staff and a great little liquor/gift/snack shop.
3	Tropicana is actually not a bad hotel since it has a decent location and plenty of walk ways to other casinos. This is mostly a location casino with decent rooms since the suites are much cheaper than can be had at a higher star rated place in Vegas.However, you're really getting a closer to downtown experience here. Body World was here once, that was weird. The drinks are cheap, especially late night. The late night specials are dirt cheap, and the hotel smells like one big cigarette. The waitresses are ... mmm... and the minimums are low but don't expect any grandeur.Staying here while staying on the strip would be one of my last choices only because ... I'd rather pay dirt cheap for ... what I expect dirt cheap to be, or I would go spendy with a nicer place to get more luxuries. Sleeping on a hard bed inebriated or not is not really great since either way you wake up with back pain.
2	under construction. will need to go back when the new pool area is finished
3	Nice.  Small.  Simple. Looking for fancy?  Move on.
4	Probably the best deal on South Vegas Blvd. I don't even mind paying the resort fee (around $9-10) b/c the owners are actually re- investing a lot of money remodeling the Tropicana. And the location is great, just a short walk on the sky bridge to the MGM.The one big downside to hotels like the Tropicana is the "motel" side of the hotel. If you purchase a basic room (or win a standard room on Priceline) they may try to give you a room in the motel part instead of the towers. Some hotels seem to have "special" rooms for Priceliners...... I politely asked for a tower room and was obliged BUT I have heard some hotels use such lower quality rooms as a marketing ploy - i.e., to collect upgrade fees.
4	I went to Las Vegas for a wedding photography convention at the MGM. I decided to stay at the Tropicana because of the good/great reviews on TripAdvisor.com & because of the location and price.The Tropicana has been renovated & is still going through more renovations...including the swimming pool area. The room seemed almost brand new. The bed, linens, desk, dresser, night stands, TV, and carpet all seemed to be like new. The only things that were not new, but were still okay, were the tiles on the bathroom floor and shower walls. My room was quiet, so I had no trouble sleeping.I plan on staying at the Tropicana again for the convention next year.
3	I'd give this one 4 stars on cleanliness, but there's not even a coffee machine in the room, no mini fridge or mini bar. Basic living here....which suits me ok too - just can't do without the morning coffee... Remodel under way & overall, looks really nice. Resort fee approx. $10/day includes wifi.
4	Big time changes here.  Stayed here in '03 for my bachelor party.  It was perfectly ehh for a completely drunken lack of sleep event.Then I stopped in to do some low dollar gambling during Labor Day weekend and was blown away at the renovations.  So the wife & I were going out to Vegas for a quick vacay in February and decided to give the Trop a chance.  We couldn't be more pleased.There are still massive outdoor renovations going on, but when they're done sometime this spring, the place will be incredible.  A seriously cheap value for the quality you're getting.  Is it Wynn or the Belaggio, of course not, but it's also a helluva a better deal.  Rooms were clean, current and new, plus spacious.
5	I'm surprised this place only gets 2.5 stars! I'm a Vegas junkie and have stayed at almost every hotel on the strip. For the price u pay - this place is definitely worth every penny! I guess they recently remodeled their rooms and I totally fell in love with their FURNITURE! Took a bunch of pics of their furniture. One day, I want to have a house with the same furniture!  Very cozy, comfortable rooms. Like I said, I've stayed at all the 5 stars hotel in Vegas and except for the smaller hallways, lower ceilings, old facade, Tropicana rooms are pretty comparable to the rest of the strip! Nice, soft, comfy beds, luxurious bed sheets, flat screen TVs, etc. etc. Nikki beach cafe, which is open 24 hours, has some great food too for those who do not want to drop big bucks on food! Would definitely stay here again!
4	For those of you looking at the low average rating: ignore it. The rating is based on the OLD Tropicana, which I had walked through once in the past, and THIS is not the old Trop.First off, the hotel remodel is nearly complete. When it is done, I think I may reconsider my four star rating and give it a five. The rooms are very nice, but obviously not Bellagio or Encore nice. Beds are comfortable, and the pillows are awesome. Pillows often get overlooked at hotels, or are not replaced often enough. Being that these are brand new right now, they are top notch.The Casino floor is very small and intimate. It is bright and inviting, unlike a lot of floors in Vegas. I didn't have much success, but a lot of people around me did. Really though, I never stay and gamble where I sleep, I like to get out and play everywhere, especially at the looser casinos downtown, and the Coast casinos.The staff was extremely friendly and helpful, and when we had any issues, they were immediately taken care of.One thing I liked was that it was definitely a younger crowd, and we were lucky enough to be there when there was a college women's volleyball tournament going on. Yeah, that worked out.There are a few drawbacks right now, I would say chalked up to what seems to be working out the kinks in the system. Our rooms were supposed to have 2 beds, and they did not. To make up for it they comped our first night and moved us in the morning. Cafe Nikki was not what it should have been for the price. I think it may have been more poor execution in the kitchen that night. The wine list was a bit overpriced for what was supposed to be the "mid-level' restaurant at the hotel.Lastly, the pool is fantastic, and is going to be even better once Nikki Beach is done. One drawback: no outside beverages allowed AT ALL. they want to sell you their beer. Who am i to argue?Overall, for the money this place is 100% worth it. Hopefully they don't do like other remodeled hotels do when they are done and get full of themselves and jack up prices (ahem, Planet Hollywood).
2	Yes, yes. The place is being renovated, much better than the old one....The good points: location is convenient and the rooms are indeed well furnished and large. I also have to admit being impressed by how friendly our dealers were. However, the bad far outweighs the good, at least for my taste and for the price of a stay. First, the gambling floor is still fairly small by vegas standards. Two craps tables, and a dozen assorted tables surrounded by the obligatory slots. Perhaps more floor space will open after the next phases of renovation complete, so this is just an FYI. Also an FYI is making absolutely sure that you get room details in writing. Instead of a room in the main tower with a view of the strip, we ended up in the back tower, with a view of the airport. Worse though is the what the renovation didn't touch. The rooms have been refurnished, but apparently the plumbing hasn't. While the oversize tub is nice, the fixtures were old and shaky, the caulking moldy in places and my giant six foot frame had to make do with a shower head no higher than my sternum. We also got in our room to find the shower curtain half-removed and the A/C malfunctioning.Oh, the only eatery available was nikkis' cafe. While the food tasted very good, the service was woefully inefficient. Maybe once the whole renovation complete the tropicana will regain some of its old glory but, today, I recommend finding another hotel.
4	When I am traveling I am looking for cleanliness and comfort, not how flashy the casino is. The remodeled Tropicana offers exactly that. The room that my boyfriend and I stayed in was very spacious and nice with almost all the amenities a person could need. The room was very clean - no bed bugs or questionable stains. The furniture was all very comfortable and conducive to a good nights rest. The decor was fun and was the perfect theme for our spring break. We were also very surprised by the very large soaking tub in the bathroom. Our room was great, but there were a couple of cons. I would suggest that they invest some money on mini refrigerators for the rooms. When you spend 150$ on a gourmet meal and cannot finish the whole thing, it's sad to have to throw it away because you cannot properly refrigerate it. It would also be nice if they put coffee makers in the rooms. I read other reviews that mentioned that one could be requested, but even if that is the case, it still seemed odd, since that comes standard in most rooms. They also should not tell customers that their tower has a garden view when it does not. We did not pay for the strip view, so when they said we were in the tower overlooking the pool and gardens I was just fine with that, since their gardens are beautiful. We had a view of the airport. Nothing but tarmac baby! It's not a huge deal, but I appreciate honesty. The overall hotel looks very nice, and I am sure it will look even better once they are completely finished remodeling. The pool area was very nice, and will be awesome once Nikki beach is finished. It was still a bit too cold in March to spend a long time in the pool, but the large hot tubs were fun. I am not a gambler, so I really could care less that the casino area was smaller than the others. People should realize that it does not matter the size, since they all take your money just the same! I cannot really comment on the restaurants. We did eat brunch at Cafe Nikki. I thought the restaurant looked very beautiful, but thought it was overpriced for what they were serving ($11 for my scrambled eggs, bacon, toast, and hash browns and $12 for my boyfriends cheeseburger), but I guess everything in Las Vegas is overpriced. The hotel staff seemed very friendly, but I only saw them when we checked in and out, so I cannot really comment on that either. I would say that our overall stay was very nice. As poor college students, we really could not beat the price. We had a great time here, and I would recommend staying at the Tropicana to others!
3	Ahh Tropicana. All those facelifts and you are still showing your age. Your "parking garage" is quite possibly the worst and scariest on the Strip. The part where you first enter the casino looks great. But a glance beyond that little section of tables and stained glass, arched ceiling and you just have to cringe. You don't have any good restaurants. Your pool is just ok. Your carpeting makes me want to vomit (even when completely sober and not hungover). But your renovated rooms are nice and a great bargain compared to other Strip properties. And you let everyone come to your pool for no cost. So as frightful as you can be in some aspects, you still garner 3 stars.
2	The Trop is finally getting some upgrades and renovations- and it's about time! Unfortunately, the inside of the casino is still terribly dated and small, especially with the white washed walls and floors with the red trim and the old old old old yellowy glass ceiling that clashes with everything else. It is however, cleaner than I expected it to be. I came here looking for some cheap games but they are comparable to places like the Luxor, which is way more convenient to me, since I stay at Mandalay Bay whenever I'm in Vegas.This place is old, people, and it has a lot of history, so why not show it some love and respect and give it a proper renovation?
5	The Tropicana has become my new favorite in Las Vegas.  They've redesigned their entire hotel, casino, and all their rooms.  The place is so clean and comfortable.  Everything is incredibly bright and refreshing.  I never wanted to leave.  The service staff were all courteous and fun.  We felt like we were at a party from the minute we got there.  You won't believe how great the new pool area is.  I can't wait until Nikki Beach opens!  That is going to be the new hot spot in Vegas.  Our rooms were incredibly welcoming, bright, and clean.  Everything was perfect for us!  They had everything just so that we could relax and enjoy our stay.We we eating late one night and decided to try the new Biscayne steakhouse at the Tropicana.  It was unbelievable!  The food was absolutely fantastic!  I had the filet and almost ordered a second one.  No matter how hungry you are, make sure you get the eggplant tacos!  They will change your life.  When the bill came at the end of our meal, I couldn't believe how inexpensive it was.  We spent most of our three-day stay at the Tropicana.  We didn't need to leave.  The casino was gorgeous and clean.  There wasn't that musty smoke and wet carpet smell everywhere.  Not to mention how bright and fun it all felt.  Make sure you visit the Tropicana as it will quickly become THE place to go in Vegas.
5	I had a great stay at the Tropicana for March Madness, round 1 and 2. I ate at Cafe Nikki and it was super. The service was awesome and always with a smile.  The sportsbook was great, they gave great service too. The employees I remember were Todd Kunesh, Claire, cocktail waitress, and Ecko at the front of Cafe Nikki.  I also ordered room service and it was really fast and good.  Loved my stay there and I appreciated that great service I received not just from these people, but everyone there.  I can't wait to get back there.
4	the new renovations that this place has gone under are fabulous... it still has the old vegas tropicana feel but with a more polished look.  since its an OG on the strip the rates are reasonable.stayed on a sunday and monday for $26 (plus tax) each night.  you cant beat that price, its located in a great spot, your on the strip, the restaurants arent too expensive (for vegas prices) and the staff is the old timers that really appreciate where they are at (or at least everyone i dealt with). it was nice to be upgraded for free just cuz i chatted with the front desk lady about dumb & dumber.  my luck began there and carried onto the tables!! $10 tables area plus for a casino on the strip.
1	This is one of the worst hotels to stay at!  The staff is unfriendly...the elevators don't work and if they do 2 out of 6 work and you have to wait 15 minutes to get an elevator.  The bell hops use the same elevators as the guest and take up the whole car.  The bar in the back by the buffet has the worst service ever!  The bartenders are rude and try to push you out when your trying to sit there and drink.  The furniture and carpet were from something out a horror film and the rooms were disgusting.  Taking a smoking room because they are out of non smoking rooms was joke.  Burn holes every where and the rooms STINK!  I will never and i mean NEVER stay here again!!!  This place is a JOKE!
5	Just returned from staying at the Tropicana for three days.   And I must say that we were impressed by the accommodations!  We signed up for the "Ultimate Suite Deal" that you'll find on Trop's Website.   Staying in a suite of any hotel is worth it because you get more space and because sometimes you want to feel as though you don't always have to watch TV from the bed.In this "Ultimate Suite Deal," you pay for a two-room suite for $99/night.  And when I say "two-room," the room actually has two rooms.  It's like having a one-bedroom apartment.  You have a living room in one room and a separate bedroom (which has a door to close). The best part about the "suite deal": You end up in a corner room overlooking the Strip.  We could not believe the view we had of the strip when we arrived!  I had to take pictures of it and share it on Facebook.  I even looked at the fire escape map posted on the door, and our suite is the biggest room on the floor.It's completely true that Tropicana has made it a better place to stay.  I remember the old Tropicana:  It was older hotel, and it was very smoky.  Surprisingly, it almost seemed like it was a smoke-free environment.  Maybe the hotel has a better ventilation system?  Or maybe not many people are smoking these days?  Or maybe it was the faint smell of some "tropical" scent in the hallways?However, the Tropicana's casino is smaller compared to the others.  But, it's like you're playing in the Strip's "best kept secret."  You don't have to deal with so many tourists (and smokers).  Plus, I won nearly $300 in one of the penny slot machines --- can you imagine that?  My $20 that I invested came back to me 6x!   And while I was playing the slots, I didn't realize I was accumulating "comp" points on my Players Club card.  So, when I checked out, I found out I accumulated $75 in comp points which I could use to pay my bill.  Unbelievable!  I was winning in the slot machine --- and I was racking up comp dollars to help pay for my room at the same time.The only downside of the Trop is that there is construction going on.   If you don't want to see construction crews and construction barricades, then the Trop is not your hotel.   But, once you're inside the hotel and inside your fabulous suite, the construction and the barricades are a thing of the past.Believe me when I say:  You won't be disappointed by the Trop.  I'm already looking into future dates to take advantage of the "Ultimate Suite Deal."  (The regular price of a two-room suite in the Trop is over $200!)I hope I can stay in the same room!
4	While planning my Vegas wedding we decided to go cheaper and take a chance on the Tropicana. Boy, are we happy we did! It was exactly what we wanted: Clean, modern, quiet, and comfy. We are not gamblers but we did play $5 and got back $25. (Yay) Checking in was great with Kimberlee, she was very friendly and seemed to know a lot about the hotel. She answered all our many questions and remained very sweet. The hotel steamed my wedding dress with same day service and left it at the front desk for my conveinence. They only charged $65 as compared to other hotels I had called before ($95 was the cheapest I could find online.) I never had to wait long for a taxi and with the monorail across the street at the MGM Grand it was very conveinent. I loved the island theme and we loved most of all: The music. No club music, no current hits. Just GOOD music. All 4 days. In the elevator, restaurant, casino... wherever we went there was good music. I would give 5 stars but the only 2 things wrong - 1. Not the best tv channels. (Not really an important thing when on vacation but it is to me), 2. Most rooms with a king size bed have a view of the airport. It was explained to me: That's how they built it and they apologize now. It didn't bother me since there was no noise and it was kinda romantic with the dim lighting so no harm, no foul. Thank you Tropicana for keeping my hectic wedding trip serene when I needed some beauty rest. :)
5	Great rooms at a great price.  Everything in the hotel is new.  I highly reccomend.
2	Don't expect a whole lot while construction is going on. Musky rooms, AC didn't work in our room, couldn't cover up at night without sweating. Front desk was NO HELP! Came here on our honeymoon and as a Vegas first timer-I'm not so sure we'll ever come back, and if we do we won't step foot in this hotel! Spend a little more and go elsewhere, heck spend a little less and get a nicer room somewhere else! Don't count on housekeeping here either-our room wasn't cleaned for 2 days! We even called and told them several times and still didn't have anyone come clean! Not to mention every morning we've been here they've been tinting windows at 7:30! Ridiculous! I read good reviews and was very excited to stay here but I've never been so dissatisfied.Update: We finally spoke to the "right" person about our troubles and he had us moved to a different room. Only problem is the room (though slightly larger with a slightly better view and no more musky smell) had a horribly stained bath/shower and... Was 78 degrees when it was set on 60, just kept blowing hot air! We thought it might be the hotel so we gave it about 30 minutes before calling back. We were again moved, this time to a room they told us is called an "island suite" just down the hall from our 2nd room. View isn't great, but the AC works! There's no tub, which is slightly disappointing, but with 1 night left it doesn't really matter. Even with the upgraded room, the experience was still unpleasant. I guess it's comforting to know they will put a small effort in to keeping guests comfortable after they complain.Oh and don't bother with Savmore Car Rental-we had a coupon for 20% off (that came from the Tropicana coupon booklet!) and were told we can't use it. $250 for a small chevy cobalt for 3 days with 150 miles/day limit, would have been cheaper to taxi where we needed to go.I will say the bell boy that came to help us move to our second room was very pleasant, I didn't catch his name though. Also, the 2nd time we had to move, after waiting 20 minutes for the new keys, we received a call asking if we'd been given them yet and had a chance to view the new room. That was nice, the keys arrived shortly after the call.Check out update:We were given $40 to use at Nikki Cafe when we checked out and our resort fee was removed. Though the experience started pretty bad and it took a few days to get it right, they did try to repair the damages once we complained a few times.
5	i stayed @ the Tropicana from 4/6/11 thru 4/12/11.Upon entering the casino you immediately smell a coconut-vanilla type scent. it was a little strong but a much more welcome scent than cigarette smoke! immediately to the left after walking in is the lobby. we had an wed evening arrival so the check in was a breeze. We  stayed in the island tower (i think they're still renovating the main tower in the casino since i never saw anybody but construction workers going near the elevators for that tower) YES it is quite a walk to the island tower elevators!! it doesn't take forever but its definitely sucky when u have been walking around the strip all day and just wanna get back to your room! hopefully they come up with a creative alternative or a flat escalator for that in the future.First of all just about every detail of the casino/hotel has been renovated or is in the process of. The casino for its size is clean and a has decent selection of slots and table games. (i always saw a good amount of waitresses @ the slots all the time to get drinks) there's a new sports book, and we saw a poker room coming together by the a sports book area. There's an outdoor "heated" pool (3FT-5FT depth) there's two Jacuzzis one covered  & one with landscaping (part of pool is still being renovated) and cocktail service starts early w/ $10 cocktails if i remember correctly. there's a very nicely equip fitness room (weights/bench/new cardio machines etc)  new restaurants: Biscayne's (steak & seafood) **tip there's a great deal for like 50% off @ tix 4 tonite** and Bacio (Italian). Two days into our stay the food court opened which includes a full service Starbucks, a pizza and deli place and a noodles restaurant. There's also a convenient  little snack shack in the back by the island tower elevators which sold Starbucks coffee and i believe blended coffee drinks of some variety and breakfast snacks and chips.  the rooms: **blond moment** (only reason why I'm sharing this is so if u make the same mistake or have issues getting into your room u know what to do) when we were first going to our room we got out on the wrong floor Soooo our key didn't work :P Any-who if this happens there's guest telephones on a table on each floor near an elevator so u can call the front desk or whoever and get help (we used the phone  and didn't walk all the way back down to the lobby... but many reviewers complained of this so just a heads up)So back to the review of the rooms: the room we had looked just like the pictures they show online, all the amenities they show online were in the room! the bed was nice and comfy, actually decent linens which were clean, had a padded duvet and the mattress under those sheets was new/clean as well :) there' 4 pillows on the bed but also 2 extras in the closet. theres also controlled climate. The bath tub is very large and a few jets away from being a jacuzzi tub but it fits 2 very comfortably :).... also there free wireless in-rooms that actually works great! we didn't do room service this trip, but we did request a coffee maker... we received our coffee maker it was a keurig coffee maker which included the single coffee pods (decaf and caffeinated) various brands and the condiments and portable cups was delivered. we called and spoke to room service after to see what this all was going to cost us and they said it was free, they were using up their supply and housekeeping would replenish it throughout our stay. They didn't say how close they were to running out but that they would be starting to charge for it very soon. it was a nice bonus to our stay.  bonus #2 during our stay: apparently the south beach atmosphere has carried over a laid back attitude cause when we were walking the long tunnel to our room on a sat night @ around 2:30AM  "THE POOL/JACUZZI'S WERE OPEN!!!" it wasn't a private party or something somebody tipped anybody off over. its just simply not locked and we were told by one of the staffers that if people aren't causing problems its cool with the managment (i do hesitate including this in the review cause there will be some dumb-asses who'll be stupid and cause management to 2nd guess allowing this) but being as we only discovered this on like day #4 of our stay it would have been nice to know esp since your told upon checking in the the pool closes @ 7p. (so your welcome!)bonus #3 &4: the 9.99 resort fee includes printing your boarding pass for the return flight home @ their computer kiosks. & working free wireless internet in your hotel room.my overall impression is that this is a huge value for the location and room that you get.. the staff was extremely helpful and seemed to guinely like their jobs. Do i think that the tropicana is going to become Vegas's hottest hotel: No, but only time will tell. however a 2.5 rating  simply doesn't begin to justify! i wouldn't hesitate staying here again, and i probably would book here when we come back in a couple of months
3	Took a chance on the Tropicana.Stayed here 04/22/11 - 04/26/11. One of the reasons we decided to stay here was because they claimed to have spent $180 million on renovations. I wish I was able to compare the old vs. the new. This is my first stay in any hotel on the Strip.The ROOMS - Check-in starts at 3 pm. Arrived at 3:45 and only one of our two rooms was ready. In the Paradise Tower on the 10th floor facing the Strip. Basic room with two double beds. Simple, clean. Big TV. Nice details like Venetian blinds on the windows and crown molding on the ceiling. The bathroom door definitely needed some WD-40.  The suite we booked next door was ready about 20 minutes later and was more impressive, only because of it's size. The living room area is huge with a daybed and some chairs and a decent sized bedroom and bathroom with a king-sized bed. Big flat screens in both rooms. There's "free" wifi, although it's not actually free because it's included in the mandatory resort fee. It's been pretty fast & reliable but my cell reception has been suffering. The GYM - Spacious, but nothing special. A couple ellipticals and three treadmills. One was broken. Basic weights & machines. Exercise balls but no mats. Bad music. The POOL - Lots of chairs around a snaking pool that ends with a waterfall. Judging by the fellow loungers, this place seems to attract families and stereotypical tourists. There were a few bars and attendants taking drink orders - I had a decent caipirinha. They had a few vacant cabanas where I'm sure you could get bottle service. The CASINO - I'm not much of a gambler but it looks just like all the other casinos in the other resorts. The ENTERTAINMENT - I didn't see any of the shows - which is exactly the point. Nothing was really appealing except maybe Brad Garret's Comedy Club. I think Gladys Knight performed there sometimes and they had some cheesy-looking mob experience/exhibit. Overall, it was nice and suited all of my basic needs. I feel like all these renovations they're advertising aren't quite done yet. They're supposed to be opening a Nikki Beach here soon, so I think that will attract a younger, hipper crowd. If I ever return to Vegas I'm staying at the Mirage or the Palazzo, now that I've gotten a better feel for the area.
3	We stayed here because of the renovations, pictures online, and our room was comped (complimentary - thanks, dad!).  The place got a facelift, fresh paint, and a new pool.  That is all I saw in the $180 Millions for renovations.  Checked in was in/out in less than 5 mins.  No problem.  We had a tower room on the 6th floor.  Basic two double beds, simple, clean, big tv, and the news were:  crown molding on the ceiling, blinds, and maybe new furniture?  The bathroom was just painted, old wallpaper was still there (I think I was old, I looks old), titles are old, and new sink.The casino was small, 1 big pool, 1 still under construction, and everywhere smelled like coconuts.
5	WOW....Talk about an IMPROVEMENT!!!  I stayed at the Tropicana last January and I tell you that you could of not paid me to stay in this hotel again.  The rooms were disgusting, and the Casino smelt like a combination of mold, old people, and baby vomit.  Upon checking in at the "New Tropicana" I was simply amazed.  The staff was incredibly helpful but more note worthy than that was the fact that the whole resort has been renovated!  The casino was completely remodeled, with white tile marble everywhere.  They added new restaurants, the pool has been renovated, and they are opening a brand new night club on May 26th, 2011.  I cannot tell you how impressed I was with this place.  The crowd has also changed, a much more younger, lively bunch and not the usual old locals hanging out in this "used to be" dive.The rates are also UNBEATABLE.  This hotel compares to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay with rates about half of theirs.  If you are coming to Vegas I would highly recommend staying here!Tip: The Filet Wrap available at Cafe Nikki is phenomenal!
1	Do I even have to leave a star??? Stay away from place. Our room was robbed by the maid services here and the hotel wouldn't do anything about it because technically, it was our fault for leaving our fuc*ing belongings in the room??? Give me a break assholes I know your only trying to cover your ass and theif workers. FUCK THIS PLACE!
1	Lipstick on a pig. This place performed renovations to try and increase the amount they can charge but it's not worth it. Stay at a classic like MGM. Tropicana valet backed a trail hitch into my car the last visit and risk management didn't find any "grosse negligence" so im stuck with a cracked bumper. I used to go here with my friends for a white trash Vegas - looks like those days are over.
4	Nice, modern, and very clean hotel rooms. We stayed over at paradise tower. Affordable rates. It's located on the end of the strip near New York New York and right across from MGM. However, it is walkable distance to the main strip area. (Not in heels though, at least not for me). One room with two full (or maybe it was queen) beds is spacious enough for four people. Casino is small, with only maybe 10-15 tables. Didn't get to check out the pool since the weather wasn't that warm, but it looked nice, just a little on the small side.
1	I can't really speak to the quality of the rooms or the restaurants here as I didn't stay.  Though from what I can tell from pictures, the rooms look amazing.  I was excited to see the newly renovated Tropicana open for business so while walking to and from the MGM Grand to the Mandalay Bay I decided to go in to explore.  I was immediately repelled by the overwhelming smell of coconut scented sun tanning lotion.  At first I thought it was just the person in front of me, but as I wandered onto the casino floor, I realized it was everywhere.  I couldn't handle it.  So I left.The smell was too widespread for this to be a fluke - I imagine that someone intentionally scents this casino to give it a Cuban feel or something.  But if they wise up and do away with the scent, this place might be an enjoyable place to eat and gamble.  They use a lot of white and red here, which may get old fast, but for the time I find strikingly attractive.  But oh the smell!
1	Went there for the "first 200 on us" promotion.  Of course there is a catch but you gotta read the fine print.  Regardless, came over and had dinner at biscayne and then hit the casino.   It was fine, I was up then I was down.  Wanted to stay longer but combination of the sickening coconut smell with cigarette smoke was just too disgusting.  Could only take an hour.  Fortunately at that point I was up.
3	It was my first time staying here and I was impressed with the room and facilities especially since the rate was only $40 first and $70 second night. They do charge $10 resort fee per day but it includes Internet service so not a bad deal considering other hotels charge $10-15 per day. Boy, I really love the room! Bell men were all great but I would recommend that you handle your own luggages unless you have too many to handle on your own.. it takes forever to get the bags specially upon check out... Like 35 mins!? Maybe it's because it's the memorial day weekend... anyway the room rates are cheap but the foods arent, although the portions are pretty huge so I suggest you share if you're not a big eater They are heavily promoting the new Italian restaurant Bacio but haven't had the chance to eat there, maybe next time. Its pretty pricey. The whole place has a Tropical and European look and feel which I like. If you like noodles like me, check out their world noodles bar... i tried out their pad thai.. not authentic but tasted pretty good. Also Had to check out the new Nikki beach club they opened a couple of nights ago.. Really nice place but music was awful. Bartenders weren't that friendly... Drinks overpriced. Go go dancers were actually nicer! In fact they danced pretty well... :) Had one drink and left in half hour... Oh and by the way they charge men $30 cover and women $20... Definitely not worth it. Since we went there late Eric and I managed to get in for free... But considering it was Friday night, the club wasn't crowded at all. Again it had to do with the music. They need to get a good DJ! Hung out at the pool for a few hours which was nice. They also have swim up black jack at one side of the pool! Overall it was ok.. Would I go back again? Yes if they still offer good rates. I know i will enjoy staying at the room and hang out at the pool but next time I would walk over to other hotels around there to eat and shop!
5	Stayed at Paris for the first two nights, and then moved to Tropicana . I was really impressed when I stepped into the hotel. Great services, large hotel room, good views! I like it better than the Paris, actually. I should stay here from the first day I got Las Vegas. I will come back again, obsolescently.
4	Great location, nice sized room, comfortable, clean.  HUGE flat screen TV in the room.  Booked for $39/night on hotels.com.  The whole hotel is scented like coconuts!  Nice attention to detail, Tropicana.I loved the pool. The renovation is really beautiful: tropical atmosphere, lots of lounge chairs, nice pool, bar, waterfalls, lots of greenery.  A lot of Vegas hotels have really skimpy pools, but this one is pretty nice.  Downsides: the cheesy Resort Fee which added 10 bucks/night to the cost of the stay, the rooms don't have curtains, but rather these blind thingies that don't allow you to black out the room to sleep.
1	Stayed here May 1st and 2nd. Could not have encountered worse staff. The whole experience started with a traffic jam in the drop-off area where their Tropicana limo was behind me and started honking rudely at me when I had no place else to go, cars stopped on all sides. RUDEMy Mom was supposed to be a VIP through some promotion. Boy, was that a joke. The guy who checked us in complained about being stuck working there and having to wear a tie when he was more of an outdoorsman. Who cares?! Then he told us the bellhops would come get out luggage from self park but the bell desk said nope, gotta drive up to the front AGAIN. Then it took the bellhop over 20 minutes to get our luggage up to our room. They weren't even busy!The absolute most outrageous encounter was when I went to get a players card and the agent took my license, entered everything in, and then got upset when I told him the address was incorrect. He proceeded to chastise me and give me a "talkin to" on why I should have thought to mention that to him BEFORE he started typing. What?!Then we went to play slots, were in the same area for over an hour, no cocktail waitress. I got up and walked around. Could not find a single one! I went to the bar and the bartender said they had all called in sick. He made me my drinks and charged me $6 each!The pool is nice but the music is out of control loud. They were probably trying to cover the sound of construction on their soon to open "Nikki Beach" beach club.The buffet is a total rip-off. For $18 we got about as many choices as you get at a small grocery deli. Food quality was mediocre and the guys who worked there refilling the dishes were pushy and RUDE.Would NEVER go back.
4	What a pleasant suprise! In comparison to other hotels on the same level as Tropicana i have to say they are now the best. Our standard room was HUGE (5 girls gettin ready no prob) and the beds were insanely comfortable. The staff was very pleasant at every point and the hotel itself was very clean, no stench of cigarettes and lost fortunes. Most impressive oddly enough was the food, we ordered roomservice and had some of the best mac and cheese I've had for a long while. Biscayne (sp) was also amazing but I'll get to that in a different review. Same with Nikki beach, holy best time in Vegas. Why not the 5 stars? Well, 1. the smell of coconut throughout the lobby is unbearable. It's horrible and I don't know why they thought that would be a good idea. 2. We were wrongly advised about being allowed a rollaway in our room so one of our girls had to sleep on the floor, not ok. 3. Cold showers, for some reason one of us each day was for some random reason unlucky enough to have the hot water go out on them (even when not the last person). But all n all i will return.
2	I just returned from Vegas and chose to stay at the Tropicana because they just remodeled the hotel and had great deals on the rooms.  The first room my family and I checked in to was nice.  It was a club suite and had two rooms and a comfy bed, but having paid for a suite, I assumed the suite would come with the standard amenities that most suites come with; such as a bath tub.  Having a 2 year old, bath time is huge.  We were surprised to find this huge two room suite lacked a tub and even more surprised to find that the staff wasn't even aware of the fact that this room only came with a shower.  The shower was nicely tiled at least.  Our view was of the airport so we asked if we could get a room with a better view of the strip and a tub and got moved to another tower.  The upside of the room: closer to the entrance (the other room was way in the back past the pool.  Closer to Hooters than the front entrance) AND we had a much bigger room and better view. (Although our view was obstructed by the huge sign advertising the new Tropicana)  Our disappointment comes with the fact that there were panties from previous (not sure how previous) guests left in the room, and it looked dirty.  The tub was gross and even though the room was a very nice size, the tub was what you would find in a standard motel 6.  I'm not looking for a jacuzzi tub, but when the upgraded room feels more like a downgrade I have reason to complain.  I was also unimpressed with the restaurants available... there are only 2 restaurants to visit, one is only open at night which leaves either Starbucks, the little food court with 2 or 3 options to choose from or the Cafe.  I decided to try the cafe for breakfast and ended up leaving because they only offered a $20 buffet.  After my husband complained about our stay to the front desk he received a comp for the Cafe.  We decided to take advantage of our comp and headed to the buffet.  What a DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!  The options were lacking (great fruit selection, pancakes, omelet station, pastries, bacon, eggs, potatoes, sausage) in comparison to all the other amazing buffets around town.  I would have been so upset if I had paid for the buffet.  Service was alright, but nothing superior.  The last complaint I have was the temperature of the pool... the water was cold.  Even on a 96 degree day, it was cold.  Not refreshing at all.  My son loves to swim and was shivering and crying the entire time, complaining that the water was too cold to  play in.  Overall, I was completely disappointed and will not be returning to the Tropicana.
4	An impromptu roadtrip sends me to search for the best deal and I think I have found it. Nice clean and newly remodeled rooms. The casino is nice and I can breath. Great pool with plenty of chairs. Great location that is close to everything. i think the resort fee kind of sucks. Just make the room more and forget about all these damn fees. With taxes up the wazoo it's suck a shame that you think you're getting one price but after you've been taxed and feed it's so much more. I would stay here again
3	The price is right!  We stayed in a remodeled room which was clean and spacious.  The pool was also very nice.  The location is great.  You can walk to New York New York, MGM or hop on the tram to Mandalay Bay.  Also liked that besides the casino area the rest of the hotel was smoke free.  Nothing fancy here but a good value.
4	The renovations seem to have paid off!Went here recently for a bachelor party weekend.  I've only stayed on the north end of the strip but after this experience may come south more often.  It's less crowded but also less energetic, so a good base to start from.Rooms - Big.  Two incredibly comfortable queens with plenty of floor space, the biggest bathroom on a standard room I've ever seen, and a very nice HDTV.  Views of Excalibur, Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  Even the in-room art was good; different in all the rooms and a great style unlike the usual junk most hotels buy in bulk.Gaming - Uncrowded.  I guess the former stigma kept the floors from being too full.  Our group of nine never had a problem grabbing a blackjack table, playing craps, or doing anything in general.  Lack of crowds meant low-limit tables as well.Pool - Nice area and a great deal on the cabanas.  Unfortunately, this is not like some of the other casino's "seen-and-be-seen" types of pools so if you're into people-watching you'll be disappointed.  Most of the crowd was older.  Even Nikki Beach seemed empty while we were there.Food - Again, a bit underwhelming in terms of options.  We headed over to New York, New York or MGM Grand for most meals.Atmosphere - There's no hook at Tropicana (no lions like MGM, or fountains like Bellagio, or Sirens show like TI), so it feels a little less energetic, less of a modern Strip experience.  The shows and club aren't as noteworthy as other places either.Obviously Tropicana is making an effort to let people know they've changed, so for now rates and table minimums are pretty low for the Strip.  Definitely worth looking at as a good base to start at but not an all-inclusive like you would consider the Venetian or Caesar's.
2	Their new slogan of "We're changing everything" apparently doesn't apply to the attitudes of their valets. I had the unfortunate displeasure of dealing with two of them on two separate occasions during our stay and they were ultimately unpleasant. This really detracted from my opinion of this place. Otherwise this could have been a 3-4 star review. Everything else about the renovation is great. The rooms are clean and modern. The casino looks great. Didn't try any of the restaurants. The pool looks amazing too.
4	...........wow. It's pretty damn nice in here now. Contrary to popular belief renovation can take a place pretty far.The smell was a tad overpowering (Coconuts/Cocoa Butter DO smell very good, but was that much of it really necessary?), but it's so awesome how they've modernized and revitalized this place without taking away it's old school charm. It felt like a total throwback to what I imagined Vegas would have been like in the early 60's. Loved the new pool area as well.Can't say any of the restaurants really appealed to me, but I would like to check out the Mob Experience exhibit sometime soon. I love what they've done to this place and am looking forward to all the other new things they plan to bring to the table. Good to see that the Trop has proved that those ancient relics CAN keep up and compete with the newer places.
3	this update is our 3rd stay here after the remodel..... On our last morning, we do our usual thing at the bar. We put 100.00 in the bar machines and play keno as we have our drinks. I get brandy and coffee and gina gets hot water to add to her good tea ( they only have reg black tea) which she adds a shot of bourbon to make a hot toddy. This time however... she was told by the bartender " Don" she cant bring her little gadgets to the bar !!!!!  Mind you its just a metal thermos with a screen to strain the tea leaves. We do this every morning, never having a problem. I at 1st thought he was kidding, but he was serious, and very rude to her. Nice last morning at the  Trop.!!!  sooo we cashed out our 200.00, took back the tip money, and left our drinks where he put them. We then went to the other bar and had no problem. HOW FRIGGIN RUDE OF DON !! Worst part is, he knew us from the previous 4 days. I wish drew was still at the Trop. He would never treat people like this. Also... They really need 5.00 tables !!! Most people went across the street to play at the tables.I did play here but with no one sitting at table with you.... it goes fast. Its hard to get 3 of a kind(3 card poker) with only 6 cards coming out of a deck. The steak house was wonderful, the deli sucks. Not many food options here of late.We are going back in july and further update as needed.                                                                                                                       O.K. After this, our 4th trip here in last few months.. my final review........................ I was happy to see they brought back most 5.00 tables so you dont have to go across the street to play. The trop. really needs better food though. The steak house is the only good food here, but pricey.
4	I am not sure if it was because the casino was recently renovated and it was Memorial Day Weekend, but the staff was so pleasant. One guy even walked us all the way through the casino so that we could find our room. The entire hotel smells like coconut. Nice touch- but I got sick of smelling it. The restaurants were very expensive and it wasn't a lot of food for what you pay for. The room was very spacious. They made very good use of the space. I liked the "South Beach" decor and the 42' tv was a nice touch. Very comfortable bed- if that is one of your main concerns, I recommend staying at the Tropicana.
3	Look, This place went from the crapicana to the whiteicana.. They have diligently tried to make this place appealing but at what cost? I get it, but I also feel like they took short cuts in places that maybe they should have paid closer attention to. I dont know, I am always forced to stay here when I do broadcasts in town (mainly UFC) but its a huge hike when you stay back in the rear tower and I dont understand why they make the gym a walk thru to the pool. Its a pain in the ass when kids are running through there when Im trying to sweat it out listening to pantera.. enjoy folks, p.s. the chinese place they had downstairs gave you a decent healthy option to eat food and it was good. its gone now and your choices are limited for food.
4	I like renovated spaces - and this place was that. It had a cool vibe - not too too big. LOW ceilings. Nikki is waking this place up for realz.
1	Even though the Tropicana has had a major facelift, it still leaves something to be desired in the customer service department. I've had these reservations for three months in advance, I called two weeks in advance to make sure we had a quiet room (away from the pool, elevator, casino, etc.) So the night we check in she gives us a room on the 4th floor and I'm really hoping it's a quiet room. Maybe she thought it would be funny to place us directly across from the grand opening of their Nikki Beach club and maybe she thought we were Britney Spears fans (she was hosting the opening) but I think she just WASN'T listening. I'm 62 years old so I'm not a fan of Britney, I drive a school bus all year and was really looking forward to some peace and quiet not thump-thump-thumping, mind-blowing bass until 4:00 AM! With a Grand Canyon tour scheduled at 6:15 AM I was not a happy camper. The next day when we asked for a room change, they said we could have a new room higher up in about 20 minutes. When I asked if it was ready (a half hour later) they said another 40 minutes. After 2 hours we went to the pool, never did get a cellphone call saying a room was ready so an hour later I called and lo and behold, it was finally ready but we would have to come to the lobby to get new keys. Since our bags were already packed we had to traipse through the lobby in our swimwear. NOT FUNNY! We finally had our quiet room on the 18th floor, very nice, clean, great decor but why, oh why, couldn't they have done this at check-in? To top it off, we were never offered any kind of comp, (free drinks, meal?) so  this definitely left a bad taste in my mouth. All of the employees were very friendly, the re-do was excellent but the Tropicana went down in stars in my opinion!
5	The renovations were very impressive at this hotel/casino. Large comfortable standard rooms, great service. We really loved all of the changes, and cant wait to stay there again!
3	The hotel is really clean and spacious. The casino is a little small compared to the casinos in done of the other hotels. There are several restaurants throughout the hotel. There is a small half sized Starbucks and a full sized one on the first floor. There is a small gift shop in the lobby which was great when I realized I forget to pack a toothbrush and surprisingly it's really not that overpriced. They also have a Chinese food place that was pretty good for fast hotel food. I got the spring rolls and chicken lo mein and the portions were very generous.The rooms were very pretty, much nicer than the rooms in the Tropicana in Atlantic City. The furnishings were all bamboo and everything was white and clean. We had a gear view of the strip. The bathroom was clean and the staff was very friendly. I didn't use the pool but they looked gorgeous.
1	The Trop recently underwent a major remodel and the hotel has a nice look and a decent vibe for Vegas. Check-in was a breeze, the room looked great, and the pool was cool.The major problem for us however was the BEDBUGS !The first night I received 5 bites on my foot that resembled ugly mosquito bites. The second night my friend wound up with 7 or 8 bites. I went to the front desk to see about moving to another room for the next two nights, and was told the hotel was sold out and that changing rooms was not possible. The clerk and the manager both told me they had no knowledge of any bedbug problem at the hotel. Maybe they didn't have any knowledge of a problem, but the Tropicana had a bug problem they need to address before I'd ever consider returning.I
3	HORRIBLE RECEPTIONIST TERRY!!!!(white guy late forties, brown hair, brown eyes, mustache)The biggest problem I had with Tropicana was with their customer service. At the check in desk there is a man there named Terry, you DO NOT want to be checked in by him. HORRIBLE MAN. We had arrived at 930am, earlier than we had planned. We waited around till eleven and then we went to see if there might be a room available. The woman I talked to first said that she had noting at the moment but to come back in two to three hrs and there might be a greater chance that they could find us something.  So I went around 230 while my husband was waiting with our bags. I talked to another woman she said she could check me in but I had to go get my husband because the reservation was under his name. I left and came back in ten minutes we had to get in line again. This time we ended up having to talk to Terry. He bluntly told us that check in time is at 3 and he could do nothing for us. He look at his screen for not even five seconds and dismissed us. We had been waiting for hours. We had been to the pool, cafe Nikki for breakfast and the lobby and that is all we receive a glance at the computer screen and a sorry but "I can't do anything for you for another half an  hour." Really? My husband paid a lot of money to stay at Tropicana for a whole week and we received this type of treatment.I was really disappointed and because I have worked in costumer service for ten years I know what and what to expect from people. And he was just plain rude. Like I said HORRIBLE MAN.   I had expected better from a hotel that has just completed its renovations and is trying to bring in new clientele.I'm planning on going back to vegas for a wedding but I do not plan on staying here.
3	The new Tropicana is quite clean, spacious and tropical feeling now.  The room was pretty clean.  The casino is small but spacious feeling.  You don't have to turn and twist between machines so that was good.  Lost a little money but that's the way the cookie crumbles I guess.  I only have a few complaints about this place.  1.   Our drain was clogged in the sink the first night and we had to call to have it snaked.  It was a kind of a hassle since we were all tired from the drive.  2.  The scent of coconut smacks you in the face when you walk in the door.  Maybe it's supposed to cover up the smell of smoke?  3.  The valet was confusing.  Was never really sure who to give my ticket to when I needed the car.  Even the guys with the valet shirt or the door marked valet weren't the people who were supposed to take my ticket.  They kept pointing to someone else.  They all pointed to a unmarked and unmanned desk in the front.  Also, one day the valet brought the wrong car.  Despite all this, I suppose it was a decent stay.
3	We checked in a bit late (5pm) and got upgraded to a suite. Moneyyyyy! For the price we paid ($70), the suite was great! The room itself was clean and comfortable but even with the curtain things closed, it still got too bright for my liking in the wee hours of the morning. Although this hotel has been renovated, it definitely doesn't have the ritzy feel of the newer hotels. The location is just alright also. I prefer to be more towards the middle of the strip. The casino was dead compared to other casinos we visited over the weekend. I would stay here if the deal was good but the majority of my time would not be spent here. I'm glad I checked it out but there are better Vegas options out there. If you're looking for the resort experience (lively casino, many restaurants options, beautiful people everywhere) then this is probably not the place for you. It actually seemed like an older crowd was staying here. 20 somethings trying to live that Vegas state of mind, beware! But if you're looking for a clean and quiet room to come back to at night then this is a good option.
4	Nice would stay here again clean only problem is there's nothing to eat here that's all everything else great.
4	Why all the hate for the Tropicana? I have to admit, I was a bit skeptical when Hotwire booked me here, remembering what it was like when I came through in 2006. I was pleasantly surprised to discover, however, that the newly-remodelled Tropicana is quite nice! We had a nice room with a very comfy bed and I loved the oversized tub in the bathroom. The staff was all very friendly and checking-in and out was a breeze. The location of the Tropicana is also ideal for spending time in the Mandalay Bay, Luxor, Excaliber, MGM, Monte Carlo area. We walked all over and had a blast. I would definitely recommend the Tropicana to friends and look forward to staying there again.
4	Nice hotel and nice price. I like the renovations they did and the front desk was very nice. They upgraded us to a Jr. Suite and it was very comfortable. Room came with flat screen tv and nice mattress. Kinda far to walk to the rooms. Parking is easy in self park area.Pool area was nice. I would return to this property.
1	This is for the nikki cafe by the pool...not the restaurant.Was chilling by the pool earlier today. Walked up to the bar or whatever that was for some drinks and food. A man behind the counter handed me a menu and was told to wait for the cocktail waitress.I go back to my tanning spot, and my friends an I wait.And we wait.And wait.Oh there's the cocktail waitress!....And there she goes...We flag her down.We wait.and wait...2 hours later, still no drinks or food and the cocktail waitress is focusing on one side of the pool deck. We were getting hungry and was really hoping to order food by the poolside so we don't lose our spot.We end up leaving and going to Pellegrino to get food. Of course, our spot was gone by the time we got back.I'm really sad that I had to write this review because I have been enjoying my stay thus far. We're still checked in the Tropicana. Let's see how the rest of the week goes...
5	5 Stars, really Dik? Yeah - I was as surprised as you...We visited here about a month ago for a friend's wedding and I had really low expectations. I'd cruised through the "pre-renovation" Tropicana several years ago just to get a taste of "old Vegas". Unmemorable didn't begin to describe it - more like a sweaty detour between Excalibur and MGM into which one would duck to escape the heat.Boy, what a difference a $180M facelift can do.After arriving around midnight (3hrs later than expected - thank you traffic), I'd worried that they had given the room away to some ravers in town for the Electric Daisy Carnival also taking place that weekend. Luckily, everyone at the front desk was accommodating and the check-in process was very smooth. In fact, everyone we encountered was very friendly and polite - I'm a sucker for good customer service. What struck me afterwards was the bright white decor - instead of having a sterile effect, it felt like it opened up the Hotel - and I use Hotel deliberately here - giving it a different vibe than other casinos in that it didn't feel "theme park-y". Rather, the tone evoked a touch of Sunset Strip luxury. Very cool.The rooms themselves were nice as well but the beds...I don't think I've had a better night's sleep in Vegas. They were almost too comfy. The one thing I found odd was the temperature of the pool - how is it that one can be sweating on the face and shoulders in the 100 degree heat, yet still be shivering with goosebumps from the 62 degree water below? My body couldn't regulate a medium between the two extremes - even after an hour.All-in-all staying at the Tropicana was so fun its almost like they paid me to write this review (its still not too late, guys (hint, hint)) (just kidding) (kinda)But all kidding aside - if this review moved you, its definitely worth a look, but I'd do it soon before the word gets out!
2	The Tropicana is a small hotel compared to everything else on the strip. The facelift included tropical themes and a full assault on the senses. (Dang that coconut smell!) While the rooms are pretty, the hotels amenities and features leaves much to be desired.+1 for decor: The entrance is really bright. It is definitely smaller compared to the other hotels on the strip. The casino is smaller and is quite intimate. I actually like this feature because the smoke is lighter compared to the heavily crowded casinos such as MGM's. +2 location wise, it is at the other end of the strip. It is away from the noise--and the attractions such as Hard Rock Cafe and Miracle Mile Shops. So if you're in town to wine and dine plus gamble a bit, then this is the place for you. But if you're the in the clubbing crowd, then this is not the best place to stay. -2 for features and amenities: That coconut smell will ASSAULT you as soon as you enter. It made me very dizzy the first time as it mingled with the smoke. Of all the tropical scents out there, coconut--really? They couldn't have picked like ocean scent breeze or something LIGHTER? Our room didn't come with a fridge. That made me sad as we were hoping to keep some water cool in the room. The ice also melted way too fast. Otherwise, the room was actually pretty decent. There is a definitive tropical theme. Over 5'10? Get ready to duck in the shower. It is too low.The toiletries SUCKED. I guess it wasn't part of their $180M budget. See, if you didn't bring your own toiletries, then be prepared to smell EXACTLY LIKE the Tropicana for the rest of your stay. I guess that one of the ways they are promoting the hotel is to make everyone on the strip aware of the coconut scented patrons. Yuck.Don't count on getting any drinks OR food poolside--the cocktail waitresses we have encountered in our 4 day stay kept on one side and chatted with each other the entire time. +1 for the front end staff we have encountered. The people at the doors were lovely. Very helpful and polite.
5	I love the new look of Tropicana; airy, relaxing, great lighting where it needs to be, great friendly staff (especially front counter). I have stayed there 3 weeks earlier she upgraded my room free of charge I love it. From now on every time I stay at Tropicana I will make sure to upgrade. Great value great location.
2	"Announcement: We're Changing Everything! Our $180 million transformation is near completion."Yeah, they kind of need it. Very plain and boring, but it is very clean. The low ceilings were really awkward. Location is not ideal, as it's far away from all the good clubs. Disclaimer: I did not stay here, just strolled through and explored.
2	While the renovations are nice everything else is still crappy. - The service sucks. The line to check in took forever. - My swim shorts went missing after housekeeping came by. I figured they got thrown in with the laundry, which is understandable. No one was of any help getting them back. We called and each department would just transfer us to the other department. I finally went to the hall and found a housekeeping person who spoke English. She said they had seen my shorts and would bring them back. They never did. - It was 110 degrees. And they were pumping hot water into the pool. That was just inexplicable. - The front desk told us the club would be open sunday night and it wasn't.
3	Tropicana got a face lift!  I like!Yeah, the crowd was definitely older (like, senior citizen older), but that might be due to the fact that there was this slots competition going on.  (My dad participated, yessir.)  They have plenty of machines to choose from...and they even have a cool, automated roulette game.  (Like, there's an actual ball, but it's not a table game!)  I discovered that there's a Nikki Beach here...and kinda wished that I woulda been able to check it out on the weekend.  It seems like it'd be a cool place to spend a Vegas night.  There's a couple fancy-ish restaurants upstairs, as well as Starbucks and lower priced pizza joint near the casino level.  FYI - The bathrooms by Nikki Beach are AMAZING!  Totally new and clean and spacious.  Great for primping.
1	Disappointed is my main review word. Customer service (lack thereof) is #1 criticism. Had a problem with the room which resulted in horrible, awful service from management. I won't discuss that here as it was an individual situation.We spent Fri & Sat night this past weekend; booked in advance and got a  special, which was a great deal on the two-double-bed room rate ($119 Fri, $129 Sat). We had been very excited to see the remodel; we'd been long-time Trop customers few years back, then stopped staying there when it became kinda run-down and dirty-looking. Sadly, we won't be going back.This past weekend, we checked out of Trop on Sunday and moved over to Monte Carlo for Sunday night (spontaneous idea so we'd miss traffic back to L.A.). We preferred paying a very high rate (more than total of both nights at Trop) at Monte Carlo rather than extending our stay at Trop.Trop Plus: Room was nice, pretty, fresh. Decor was very tropical-feeling. Beds were so comfy! Inside of hotel and casino were painted white which made it appear brighter and perkier. The elderly gentleman in mob attire pitching The Mob show was awesome!!! He was sweet, kind, funny, and a great salesman for the show.  Wish we'd budgeted for it as I would have enjoyed seeing that show.Trop Minus (many): sad to find the tropical, lush gardens by pool area gone. Pool area feels so sterile, sun is extremely bright bouncing off stark white building, the personality is gone. I don't understand what theme the hotel is trying to convey... it's all very bland and boring. Gone is any feel of tropics.Really sad to see the big waterfall into the main pool was gone, as was the swim-up blackjack. We were told it hadn't been open for previous 3 weeks. My just-turned 21 year old daughter had been so looking forward to gambling there with her older siblings. She'd had to watch them from the sidelines in previous years & it was top of her list of "things to do" at the Trop since her birthday! Very disappointing. Beige colored paint was peeling from pool deck edge all the way around. Pool tile was filthy - really needs to be scrubbed.Music that was blasting from Club Nikki pool area was different music than that being played in main pool area. We sat halfway in between both areas (near the bar) and caught bits of each... horribly distracting and annoying. Why not play same music in both areas?Seems all attention is on Club Nikki. It was packed w/ people (as was the regular pool area, busy weekend)... we could peer through the fence to see how crowded it was. Couldn't get in because max capacity was reached. Honestly, standing room only in that pool. I don't understand the use of Indian teepees as cabanas. How does that fit to tropical / Bahamas theme? Again, that pool area was very arrid-looking. Cafe by the main pool (near the spa) was gone. I suppose hotel wants everyone to go to Club Nikki to eat. Hotel hallway to parking lot (entry 5) stunk like cat litter. Awful. And, the coconut perfume throughout the hotel almost made it smell dank, moldy. A family member who stayed there with us described the renovation as "lipstick on a pig". Next trip to Vegas will be at a different hotel. While they obviously underwent lots of renovation, it appears to have been very low budget contractors used. In spite of all the criticisms I listed above, I'm endling with my #1 suggestion: Many members of Tropicana management staff needs some major customer service training.
5	The first thing I said when I walked into our room at the Tropicana on July 27, 2011 was, "Let's LIVE here!" It was THAT beautiful, inviting, clean, stylish, spacious, and comfortable.I can't think of one negative thing to say about this place. The renovation apparently paid off. It will have us coming back for sure. I'm not sure if it was because it was newly renovated, but I hope they maintain how it is right now. The washroom was large, had a beautiful Kohler faucet/sink, and overall was uber clean. The bed was "fall asleep in 1 minute or less" comfortable! They had a big LG flat screen with HD channels---thumbs way up! Wooden shades were a nice touch, windows opened as well. Sliding door mirrored closet, iHome alarm clock with iPod docking station, stylish new lamps and plants added to their tropical theme.We were in the Paradise Tower and had no trouble finding parking. I think this tower was most convenient as the elevators were a few steps away from the main entrance and casino. The pool was lovely. It's fairly large and the crowd was tame, bar and towel service in full effect, overall very pleasant.The casino area was not as smokey as other casinos. I enjoyed the coconut smell, but I can see how it might not be enjoyable for people who hate the smell of coconuts :P We played the slots here one night and made a killing, so that's another plus!Check-out was a breeze-----but.......we really did not want to leave! We'll be back soon, hopefully.All in all, highly recommended.
3	They supposedly remodeled the place. It is okay, but not great. The bed was comfortable. However, when we first got there, there was no soap in the bathroom. We had to request it. The shower is in the bathtub, and it was clogged. We asked for it to be fixed, and they took the grate out, and didn't put it back in afterward. There was dirty rust all around it. Not super appealing.What I did like is that it is really close to MGM. I also liked their room service for breakfast. I got a lobster omelette. What I could not believe was how much they charged for coffee. Overall, I survived the stay. But I didn't really feel like I was on a luxurious vacation.
5	Just returned from a four-day stay at the Trop and the first thing I would like to say is that the its overall rating definitely does not reflect its recent refurbishment. It still ain't the Bellagio, but if you expect that kind of stay for a reasonable price, you need to reassess your standards.Our rooms were great! Both the room and the bathroom were definitely bigger than most standard hotel rooms I have stayed in, and they were well-equipped. Huge flat-screen HDTV, big comfy beds, and cool cabana-style shutters on the windows. These rooms (and the rest of the resort) have definitely been souped up with a more modern, clean look that doesn't scream "kitsch" like some of its more heavily themed neighbors.I think my only "complaint" would be that it would have been nice to have our party placed into two adjoining rooms, as opposed to merely adjacent ones. But I'm not that picky, I can walk a couple of extra feet.I didn't really do any gambling at the Trop, so I can't really comment on the casino itself. Same would go for the pool, although it seemed pretty nice from my limited experience. For me, the Trop was a home base on the Strip, and it was a very good one at that. It is a great value, especially given the price, and I would not hesitate to stay here again.
2	First of all, it's Vegas so an awesome trip no matter what.  We just returned from a 3 day stay at the Tropicana and I must say, I probably won't go back.  We definitely had fun, but man do they need to get it together!  Check in is at 3:00.  We got there at noon so went straight to the pool as to not waste a minute.  Went back to the check in at 3:00 - nothing.  4:00, same thing.  By 5:00 we all we needed was to know our room number so that we could sign our bill to the room  - still more apologies than results.  Whatever.... we eventually got into our room to shower and head out for the night.I'll fast forward to our dining experience.  We (me, my husband and another couple) went to the Italian restaurant with our mouths drooling after perusing the menu.  Long flight, drinks poolside, sun, heat - we were ravenous and looking forward to a great meal.  The menu items at this place looked outstanding.  I'm sure the food is great as well but we will never know.  We ordered, but after 90 minutes of waiting for our food we were among 4 other tables that had to abandon ship.  It was clear to me that this place is way understaffed.  At this point I've gotten more apologies from the Tropicana than calories.I would be remiss if I didn't single out the 2 people at the Tropicana that could bring me back - not to stay (never again) but to hang out.  Emma was our server at the pool.  I don't know where to begin.  Was it the outstanding, friendly, fun, attention to detail, 5 star, experience that she provided?  Was it the fruit basket, chips and salsa, I-reserved-you-a-cabana-even-though-you-never-even-asked, service that she provided?  I don't know but that girl is sure to be going places.  Then there's my girl Cindy!!  She's a cocktail server in the casino with a personality that outshines them all!  She was fun, funny, helpful, sweet, attentive, fast - everything an employer would worship in their employee!  She made our nights so fun.I'll end with a 5 star review of the steak house, Biscayne.  We live in Chicago and go out at least a couple of nights a week, so I definitely have a lot of experiences to compare this place to.  I ordered the Prime Rib, which is something I haven't had in years but it looked appealing so I decided to give it a try.  This wound up being one of the best meals that I've had in years - and we had a phenominal meal at the Paris the night before so that's saying something!So I guess the fundamentals are there, but the Tropicana needs to refocus on infrastructure.  It seems to me they have a solid foundation with good people, just not enough of them.  Seriously?  Two Craps tables and 6 Black Jack tables?  No Lounge?  And this is Vegas??
4	I had stayed here back in January for a work related convention.  I believe that they were still in the process of remodeling the resort, but I was still pleasantly surprised.  The rooms were very clean and the beds were very comfortable.  If you are looking for a party place that you don't have to go anywhere else, this might not be your place.  But if you are just looking for a nice comfortable place to stay and gamble a little while still being in the strip, check this place out. The staff was friendly and very helpful when I needed anything.  I would definitely stay here again.
1	We stayed here the last 2 days in a one bedroom suite. According to them, "checkin time starts at 3pm but that does not mean your room is ready at 3pm". When we arrived, we were told that the room was not ready yet and that they "didnt know when it would be ready." They took our phone number down and said theyd call us. Ended up being ready at nearly 6pm. Total disappointment from the beginning. The girl who was helping us was not friendly at all (quite rude actually) and offered no sincere apology or compensation. We asked to be comped tickets to the pool party. She said she had to ask her manager. She left and went to the back room as we stood there like idiots for a good 15 minutes. Finally she comes back with two tickets.The view from our room on the 20th floor was nice. The furnishings get a 3/5 rating. Even though they went thru a recent renovation, it wasnt very modern at all. At least it has a decent sized flatscreen tv.Their website claims that they offer 1pm late checkouts. So checkout day swings around and we call and ask for late check out. They said "Sorry, were not offering late check out today"Total D-bags at this hotel, apparently much like alot of the guests who were staying here.We will never be returning to this hotel. I had a reservation for next month before I got the chance to stay here. Cancelled.
1	We arrived at 3:30p.m.  Our room was not ready.  We ask for an approximation.  The front desk lady cannot even come up with that.  There was a nice rolling of the eyes though.   No apology or compensation was given.  We had to wait around until past 5 to finally check-in.We stayed at one of the suites.  The walk to the club towers (I believe it's called)  took forever.  Up some escalators, through some hallways to just get to the elevators to the room!That night we went to club nikki since it was free for guests.  Please avoid that place if you can.  It is super ghetto.  Unless you enjoy ghetto booty.  To each his (or her) own.The day arrives for our departure from this hotel.  I ask for late checkout.  Denied!  We can't check in to our room for 3 hours.  But an hour or 2 late checkout was out of the question.  Never again.  I have stayed at most of the hotels in Vegas since I live in California and come up frequently.  This was by far my worst experience.
4	I had a great experience here.  My husband had to go to Las Vegas for labor day weekend for a job and I tagged along.  When I heard we were going to be staying at the Tropicana, I figured it wouldn't be overly luxurious-- it was free for us though (paid for by the company that hired my husband), so I didn't worry about it.  When we arrived in the evening, the front desk was swamped with some visibly perturbed and grumpy guests (I asume due to the holiday).  I took our bags and sat down while my husband waited to check us in.  The desk clerk was still friendly considering her situation and clearly overwhelmed by some flat out rude guests.  It's not her fault, people!  My husband sympathized and told her she was doing a great job for being so busy.  It pays to be nice, because she told us she gave us a "nicer" room.  Having no idea what to expect, we were blown away to open our door and find a... hallway.  She had set us up in a suite with a bar, a living room, and the most amazing view I've ever had on the strip.  The rest of the stay was equally enjoyable.  I've heard that they've since remodeled so I may try them again sometime.  I don't know that girl's name- but thank you!  You made a great impression.  Karma, folks.*P.S.:  Love that Nicole of Tropicana responded below- that just shows above and beyond customer service practices!  Whatever new changes Tropicana has been making, they're good.  Hope to see your overall rating go up from now on.I've increased my rating from 4 to 5.  As Anna P. said, "It still ain't the Bellagio" but the service I've experienced personally makes them great in my eyes.  I'll take nice workers over ritzy buildings (Although, give me both and I'm a HAPPY camper ; )
4	I'm impressed. Totally different from the old Tropicana that was worn down through years of neglect and abuse. It's shockingly nice and modern. I challenge people to check this place out. It's going to be a pleasant surprise.
4	Our flight got in around 10 am on a Tuesday, we got our rental car and came straight to the hotel.  Despite check in time of 3pm, our room was ready to go at 10:30 and the woman at the desk was great.  Super friendly, warned us that for a king bed (as opposed to 2 double beds) our room would have views of the airport and mountains instead of the strip, but would also have more space. Since we didn't come to stay in the room and just look at the strip, we didn't mind.  What we came for was the pool; and it was great.  I'm a fan of Nikki Beach no matter where I go, and I loved that I could stay at the hotel that hosts it and for a ridiculously low rate.  Granted, we stayed Tuesday-Friday before prices spiked.  Nikki Beach is separate from the hotel pool, and on the first couple days here Nikki beach pool was closed so I went to the hotel pool.  Free to get in but the drinks-OMG.  Approx. $1/oz for the specialty cocktails, but from 16 oz's up you get a free plastic cup which is perfect for taking back to the room and refilling with your own concoctions, which brings me to another point-get a fridge in your room! They charge $15/day unless you have a medical condition, and then it's free (hint). :)The room itself was great, some minor things overlooked like the hotel room menu was sticky and gross but whatever.  The bed was nice but a little too squishy perhaps, and the ceilings were LOW.  I am a tall girl, and when I'd lift my arms in the shower they inevitably hit the ceiling where there's a painted-over opening to a crawl space or something...kinda nasty.  As for the coconut smell, I like coconuts and it was never overwhelming.  It did come on strong at the congested valet area/main hotel entrance but faded out.  Also, I'm really sensitive to the smell of cigarette smoke and I barely smelled it during our stay, never felt the need to wash it out of my hair either.  Major downfall was the heat during our stay, and the fact that the Tropicana is at the very south end of the Strip meaning long, HOT walks and I wasn't willing to drop $30 for a 3 day tram pass, but I stayed entertained on property for the most part... a $20 cab ride (including the $5 tip) to the Venetian and an hour+ walk back, weaving through casinos for their AC. Overall pleasant stay, great staff, great rates.  I hope they don't hike up the prices, we will definitely stay here again.
4	I like it!  The Tropicana is on what I think of as the "nicer" end of the Strip and you can easily hit MGM and New York, New York via skywalks.  Big facility, so expect to do a lot of walking.  Two pools, places to eat and buy Vegas schwag, killer money back promotion with player's club membership.  The rooms are fine, though ours was maybe not as clean as it could be.  Good room service food.  Great casino with plenty of options and fun dealers.  Pretty much everything a hotel/casino should be.
1	What will I remember about the "new" Tropicana?  I won $30 bucks and I lost $30. But most of all, the fat ugly Asian cocktail waitress asked the two WHITE people directly to either side of me if they wanted drinks, but blatantly ignored me.  Jacked up because they arrived at the slots much, MUCH later than me.  She watched them BOTH just sit down, and still didn't ask me her next round and only asked them AGAIN.
5	It had been a couple of years since I stayed at the Trop......our recent visit was a pleasant surprise.  They have updated the rooms and the hotel.  Beds and pillows were excellent.  The bathrooms are nicely updated and well appointed.  Would be nice to have a small refrig, but.....they upgraded us to a view room of the strip.  All the employees are very helpful and the jackpot win was certainly a bonus!!!  We will be back......
5	So this was our first time staying at the Tropicana. Been to Vegas a good number of times, but never checked it out. Decided to stay there for Labor Day Weekend as the rates were great, and had heard they completely re-did the place + added Nikki Beach.Well turns out, all the good things I heard were true and MORE. Right from when we checked in, the staff was so friendly and helpful. I have to say that in particular, Thomas one of the managers was unbelievable. He really went above and beyond to take care of my fiance and I, and made us feel so welcome. Thank you again Thomas!The rooms were very nice, our suite was truly unbelievable! There was a big jacuzzi tub and sauna IN the room.Nikki Beach was alot of fun the first day, got set up with a nice daybed and really enjoyed the crowd, staff and music.Overall, a completely great time, good location, and even better staff. Only downside was Club Nikki at night. Tried to get a table w/ our group of my fiance and 6 of her girl friends, plus myself...but they couldnt make it happen apparently. Once inside, the place was pretty dead and plenty of tables. If they were wise, they would give out some no min. tables to draw in people while the other clubs in town have huge name DJs...and Nikki didnt that night. Just sayin.Otherwise, THANK YOU TROP for a great labor day weekend!
4	Tropicana's going through a bunch of remodeling work.  During this time period, it's a pretty decent opportunity.  The facilities are good, it's not over crowded, and the price is reasonable.  Once all the remodeling is done, perhaps it won't be as reasonable anymore.we got upgraded to one of the suites.  it was extremely comfortable and spacious.   The staff was friendly and generally helpful.  They gave us a 3pm late checkout, and a 10am early checkin.   Overall good experience.  Better than I was expecting.
4	It was clean and nice.  Nicely renovated.
4	Tropicana is a breath of fresh air on the South run-down side of the Strip.Bright lights, clean, and streamlined, and a wonderful casino area.Giuseppe at the Roulette table was a KING.Nikki Beach was a blast, great DJ, fun dance area, not-so-cheeky bouncers.Good on ya, Tropicana.
4	Purchased a groupon for Tropicana as a last minute trip and it was a pretty good deal in my opinion. I've heard of horror stories about the hotel prior to their renovation. Everything was very clean and the staff was friendly. Although I probably wouldn't stay here again, it was right for the money. The groupon also came with a bottle of ciroc or tequila, which was pretty awesome but only lasted us 4 about 5 minutes LOL.
4	This was my first time staying at the Tropicana and I was pleasantly surprised. The rooms were clean and modern.  The entire hotel had a coconut aroma that was nice since most of the casinos reek of cigarette smoke.  We stayed on the 22nd floor of the Paradise section which was very close to the entrance/exit. Unfortunately our room view wasnt that impressive, we wanted a strip view but had a view of the back of the strip. Checkout/In was easy and no drama. They cleaned our rooms and we had no major problems with the room. One day the hot water was out but it came back on within minutes. The location was great and close to outide cheaper eats. There wasnt a big selection of restaurants in the hotel and I didnt like the fact that you had to pay extra to go to Nikki Beach which we didnt. The pool area was very cool with lots of lounge chairs and just an overall nice and relaxing ambience. I felt like I was on an island in the caribbean while chillaxin by the pool. We did see more fancier with better amenities at other hotels on the strip. However, I would return to the Tropicana.
4	I LOVE the tropicana. This was our first time staying at the Tropicana and I was really curious to see all the new renovation. My boyfriend attempted the twenty-dollar trick when we checked in and it worked! They bumped us up to the paradise suite, which was amaaazzinggg. The casino is AWESOME. The dealers are really nice. Some of them teach you how to play the game if you don't know how. I TOTALLY would come back and stay at the tropicana. Even if you're at the end of the strip, everything is still in walking distance.
1	I checked in on Sat into a room in Club Tower.  I was told that the room is nicer as it faces the pool, but I wasn't told just how far it is from the casino and the strip.  I stopped by the front desk in the afternoon asking for a room change and was told to check back again between 1-3pm on Sun.Sat night we came back to the hotel at around 1am and noticed that the music from Club Nikki was really loud and we weren't able to sleep.  I called the front desk and was told the club closes at 4am which is when the music would stop.  Someone should have told us at check in that our room faces the club and would be able to hear the loud music, had I known earlier I would have asked for a different room.  We have plans to be up early and didn't want to sleep that late.  I called the front desk right away because I wasn't able to sleep, and was told the only room available was a smoking room.  We are non smokers so decided to stay put for the rest of the night. I just hope someone could have let me know in advance 1) just how far Club Tower is from the casino and the strip, and 2) that the room faces the club and the music would be very loud.  On Sun at around noon we packed our bags and went down to the front desk to ask for a room change.  They gave us a room in Paradise Tower facing the strip after we waited for about 1 hr.  This room was quiet, thank goodness.  But there was another problem, we came back to the hotel on Sun at around 12:30am, and all the elevators were broken, so we had to wander around the hotel while the staff tried to bring the elevators back up.  They weren't able to give us an estimate either.  After waiting for 30 min or so, we went back to the elevator to check if it was fixed, it still wasn't; we were told to use the service elevator instead.  There was a line of people waiting to take the service elevator, we waited about 15 min to finally get to our floor.As far as the room goes, yes it has been remodeled with a nice flat screen tv.  The bed, sheets, pillows are ok.  Bathroom however doens't look that great to me, looks like a sloppy remodeling job.Overall, did NOT have a pleasant experience at the Tropicana, in fact this experience is pretty negative to me.  They should have given us an upgrade when we asked for a room change for all the discomfort and inconvenience with the first room.  Tropicana reminds me of one of those companies that don't give employees raises hence do a poor job retaining their employees; Tropicana is exactly like that - they don't know how to retain their customers.  I for sure won't come back again.
1	Yelp only allows 5001 characters in a review. I'll keep it brief.+Had my wedding here this summer.+Paid for 9 rooms( 5 for 3 nights, 4 for 2 nights)+was guaranteed discount rate for block of rooms 6 months in advance-discount rate was same rate as reservations online 2 weeks prior to event+Made reservations 6 months in advance.-they told us that they were sold out day of check in-my guests could not check themselves in even with their name on the room and a access number-Had to check in each guest that I paid for. One at a time regardless of arrival time.(this was my wedding weekend, I had better things to do than to sit around the lobby to check people in and wait until a room opened up). So inconvenient -not all of the rooms reserved were ready, had to wait hours to check in for rooms that I had already paid for.-rooms that i reserved together were not available, had to take whatever was open.+ate at Cafe Nikki, food was good-service was horrible at Cafe Nikki,didn't get all of our orders, were double charged for items, had to be adjusted. took forever.- no comp or discount was offered by cafe Nikki+bought a wedding package with a room for the wedding night included- after wedding and reception at Tropicana the room was not booked for the wedding night, had to take time after my own reception to argue with the concierge and front desk about getting a room for myself and my new bride.-they tried to charge me for the room. (I bought it in the wedding package, I have it in the contract)+booked a wedding reception at the Tropicana to follow outdoor wedding-the room that we had on the contract was not the room they gave us.-the room that they did give us was locked, we couldn't get in for almost 40 minutes
4	Tropicana isn't your typical decadent and overdone hotel  in Vegas.  It's just a normal, old fashioned hotel that has survived along with The Flamingo.  Older hotels like these two didn't make it, such as Dunes, Stardust, and Sands.  Friendly dealers, friendly staff, a normal casino with no stupid themes, and good enough rooms make the Tropicana a good choice for any Vegas trip.  Doesn't have all the amenities other hot hotels have, but it gets the job done.   Close to the MGM and New York New York.  Only problem is its not centrally located on the strip.   I personally hate walking the strip, so I didn't make it north of Paris.
5	Beds are great new renovated rooms and for the price I can't really complain. I would def. Stay here again and spend the money I save on shows
3	can only comment on the casino part, as my friends wanted to see how renovated Tropicana got. First time I went, and it was larger than I expected. But as soon as you walk in, you feel like youre at the beach. In a bad way. Reeks of coconut lotion everywhere you go. But, my $ in blackjack quickly doubled and more, so I was happy with my run here. The casino has the old retro look of Vegas, but clean and new.
4	Casino only: Wow!  What a remodel!  Everything in the casino is fresh, clean, and white which give a feel of openness.  This is still a small casino when compared to the newer properties, but in a good way.  Nice poker room located along side the sports book in an out of the way corner of the casino so it is quite.  Only complaint was that patrons were allowed to smoke in the area just outside the smoke free poker room and the drift in was at times annoying.  Cocktail service was fair - had to go out to the bar to ask for a bottle of water.  The poker tournament that day was only one table but will hopefully pick up when people discover this nice location.  Staff were over the top helpful and courteous.
1	I heard that The Tropicana made renovations so we decided to give them a try for a fun/relaxing weekend. We made a two night reservation and stayed on the 9th floor. Not every room and floor is the same so I will state that we stayed in room 913.ISSUES:1. This one is minor but worth mentioning- Stay in a room higher than the 9th floor if your window faces the strip. That is unless you like hearing people yelling and traffic noise throughout the night.2. If your room has a connecting door to another room, expect to hear everything from your neighbor (conversations, phone calls, the TV, etc.).3. Our room was all class, right down to the large exposed holes that the sprinklers jut out of. I took some great photos of them.4. Want to recharge your phone? Good luck finding an open wall socket. The lamps have electrical sockets... that don't work. They had an iPhone charger on the clock but make sure you reserve time for that if there is more than one person staying in the room. Subtle conveniences found in motels should be available here at the Tropicana.5. Disgusting bathroom vents. The vent was so nasty, I took a few photos of the dirt-filled vent above the toilet. There is no illusion of being a high class hotel at the Tropicana. Something easily resolved by -- what's the word I'm looking for-- cleaning.6. Want to finish your stay with a painless check-out? I was about to express check out from the TV when I noticed that they double-charged me. I called the front desk and they resolved it but it was the icing on the cake. When I checked out, I let the person at the front desk know what I thought. He apologized for the poor service and quality of the room.RECOMMENDATION:Spend the extra $30 a night and stay someplace that is cleaner and will make you feel like a valued guest. I don't go to Vegas every month (I go about 3 times a year), so when I stay at a casino, I enjoy the illusion of staying at a higher quality/service hotel. It's part of the experience. Since I can't upload the photos here, I will have them up on my Google review.
5	We really enjoyed our wedding here. I don't know what this place looked like before the renovation, but when we got here. the place was extremily clean, bright, and did not smell like cigarette smoke, which is a plus for me. Our room was in the Paradise tower. When we got there, the standard room was nice and big, as well as, clean. We then upgraded to a suite in the club tower, the club tower has a better view of the strip, but a little further to walk, but is worth it. We played black jack, which I have never played before, and the dealer was sooo very helpful, and gave me insite when to stay or not. She ended up winning me $40!! the service was great, from the front desk to the cleanning lady, to the servers. There wedding service is just a dream!! (which I will write a review on the chapel service)
4	i stay at the tropicana every time i come to Las Vegas. i don't have much of a basis for comparision, Vegas hotel-wise, but i usually end up in LV via a road trip, where motels are not uncommon, and the price for a room at tropicana is about the same as any motel i've been to and the tropicana obviously has more to offer. i've never paid over $60 for a night and it's quiet. new york, new york and MGM are right across the street.they have a great pool too. the jacuzzi was hidden away but i found it and thoroughly enjoyed it.
4	Rooms were nice.. Location is great. It's walkable to alot of places.! We enjoyed staying here. I would consider staying Here again:)
4	We went to Vegas in August. Though we did not stay in Tropicana, we meet-up some friends and stayed there for almost a day. The hotel itself is very clean and has the coconut smell or vanilla coconut smell all over the place. It was nice!Our main purpose is just to go swimming. It is hard to find the pool and the jacuzzi! Even their own staff has no clue where the pool is located! Hahah! The cabana swimming pool area was good but the actual swimming pool is too small. Dress code is enforced and if your dudes do not have the proper swimming shorts then you can buy one at their store for $40. ridiculous!
4	Being one of the oldest properties on the Vegas Strip it's about time the Tropicana had a make over.  Just glad they didn't demo it for a new casino. I love what they've done with the place.  Newly renovated this place screams new. The bright white exterior really stands out at night and like a moth attracted to light I'm always drowned to looking when passing by.  Bright lit  interior, don't know who nikki is but he or she has a beach, club, and cafe, clean new non-smoking sports book area, everything is new here.  Big improvement from what was there before which was old, dark, and funny smiling.I haven't tried any of the restaurants here yet but I'm pretty sure they've also improved on the buffet they have before which was horrible.  I really need to check out the rest of property.
4	Pretty nice for an old hotel....As one of the older hotels in Sin City, I was a bit skeptical when my man said he booked a room for us here for the weekend.  Not that I'm all zsa zsa  and need the Wynn, but I was thinking the Tropicana would be like smelly ol Stratosphere (see my past review).  Boy was I wrong!The service was great.  Our check in girl was really nice and for whatever reason upgraded us to a better room with a view.   No extra charge ( I don't know what my man paid exactly for the room, but he said it was around low 100's on Expedia).  When I called for extra towels, housekeeping was pretty quick.  Apparently they have done some big renovations with this hotel.  Our room was pretty spacious, looked and smelled clean, view of the strip and the decor was simple yet nice.  Loved the coconut vanilla-y smell, I really felt like I was somewhere tropical! The funniest part was the MIRRORED CEILING over the bed and mirrored closets to the side.  BOW CHICKA BOW WOW....did our lady give us the ol 70's porn room???!!!I recommend the Tropicana, great place that won't put a huge dent in your wallet!
2	Right from check in, it was off to a rocky start. We chose to stay here after a negative experience in February, hoping that the renovation had done them some good...not entirely. We were given a room upgrade, which really was a downgrade considering we booked for two beds and the upgrade had a hide-a-bed. Wet back down to request a room with two beds and got moved to the back end of the far convention tower. Sat on it but then requested AGAIN to be moved, back to where we were SUPPOSED to be in the first place. Got attitude from the front desk agent, ran over by another angry guest an her suitcase who was trying to get up the front STAIRS with her bags (are there bellmen here?) and then made it to the room to have a shower. The tub didn't drain at any rapid rate. We later removed the screw in plug to find the drain full of other guests' hair *gag*!  Later in the evening, it was felt that our air conditioner wasn't very cold and called maintenance. Waited over 45 mins before phoning the front desk and they promised once again, to send someone up. When he arrived, the Poor guy had to remove a filthy air filter and change it out in front of us, in order to get it circulating. He was rather polite!  Thanks Mike!  However, it still didn't fix the fact that you can't make the room and cooler than 60degrees. The restaurants are more than hidden, the nightclub was closed when we went to look at it at 11pm and getting a cab at the main entrance was non existing. Took a quick walk to the MGM and within seconds, were on our way. Keep renovating, Tropicana...you have a REALLY long way to go!(I wrote this from my bed of room 1722 where I have the pleasure of spending two more, warm nights)
4	I am currently staying at Tropicana as we speak while checking out the Sema Show with my husband. Check in was a BREEZE! NO LINES, i repeat, NO LINES!  we arrived at 8pm ish and got  a room in the paradise tower, literally two steps from the strip.  we have a strip view and the remodeled rooms are amazing!! everyone here has been friendly and we are having a great time! Nothing to complain about, this remodel has done Tropicana a lot of good.  I talked to nicole, the manager, before my arrival and told her we were here for our anniversary, she promised a check in surprise, but we didn't receive anything (maybe because we went to eat after checking in though), but that's okay.  can't complain about anything I don't pay for!All in all, I would say that we WILL be back!
4	It's truly a shame that Trop seems to be disintegrating because their rooms look so aesthetically pleasing.So does the rest of their renovation. I love faux tropical settings!Slots were not bad to me either; neither were their table games. The pool looked mighty gorgeous. But they seem to be losing all their shows, themes, and concepts...and that's sad.
1	From Bad to Worse...I got this response from the Tropicana three weeks ago and I did NOT receive any letter. That's too bad. I was hoping that they had more class and taken guest complaints more seriously:"... I apologize for the challenges and appreciate you giving me another change to earn your business. The Vice President of Hotel Operations is aware of your challenges and personally ensuring they do not occur again. I have mailed you a letter and return certificate. Please let me know if there is anything more that I can assist you with."Nicole M.Guest Experience Manager
4	I stayed here for a week long conference for work.  The conference area was away from the main lobby (and all the smoke) The conference rooms were always really cold, though. The banquet food and catered luncheon was delicious. The rooms were good quality, too.  Very spacious shower/bathroom.  Plenty of room for 4 people. To end the week, we went to Club Nikki. They were always giving away free admission and free drinks. One complaint (but not really) is that there weren't many choices for tables at the casino. We walked to the neighboring hotels to find table to play at.  But the video slot machines were plentiful and not lacking. Another issue we had was the Wi-Fi connection in our room.  When we called the service desk, they transfer ed us to Cox.  Even the service rep at Cox was wondering why we were transfer ed to them. I would recommend to others.  However, it might be a bit pricey.  Even though our rate was a conference rate, it was still pretty pricey.
3	My beloved Tropicana has had a MAJOR makeover - some of the changes are fabulous, but some kind of take away from the gritty/seedy "Las Vegas" feel of the old decor. The Good --The pool has been redone and looks straight out of Hollywood -- all white and wood. It's a huge step up from the old plastic loungers -- well done! Too bad it was FREEZING this weekend and we couldn't utlize it, but next time...!The rooms have been totally redone and they NEEDED it! Flat screens now replace the antiquated boxy TV's, new furniture, new carpets, new beds (super comfy compared to the cardboard mattresses they used to have!), and jacuzzi tubs in the bathroom. They've also redone the carpeting in all the hallways, so the whole place doesn't totally stink of cigarette smoke.The Bad --The casino didn't need to be touched, but they've added this blinding white marble walkways that SUCK. They take the darkness out of the room and make the room feel less full. In a casino setting, I just didn't like the vibe of the new decor. It's trying too hard to be cool. I'm guessing they have a new night club there, but we didn't see it. We DID see drunken, half-naked girls being comped drinks and being told to "follow the crowds" -- when we looked for which way these girls were "following the crowds" it seemed like they were staggering into the coffee shop. FAIL?Would We Stay Here Again? Not sure.We love the Tropicana -- we've stayed here over ten times and got married here in 2008, but the hotel has never made us feel special in any way, nor have they ever comped us anything. I know we're just normal people, not high-rollers, but you'd think there'd be some sort of customer appreciation for repeat guests? I'm not really feeling it. I also felt like the whole vibe of the place was totally cold. The staff only spoke when spoken to, the dealers were unfriendly, and I didn't feel very welcome. In the future, I think it may be time to try a new hotel - one that values customer service more highly. Oh, and they painted the whole building white, and it's TOO white for Vegas.
4	We are currently finishing up a 4 night stay.  This is a first time in Vegas and we picked the Tropicana based on reviews and we were looking for a little less glitz.The Good - Rooms have been redone and are great.  Very bright and open, nice desk area, large bathroom with corner tub and a large flat screen.  The casino is bright and open, which I like.  One of the previous reviewers didn't like the white floor, but I like the bright feeling. Check in was a breeze, the car rental rates here are great, they were half of my corporate Enterprise rate.  All of the staff was very friendly and helpful.Could Have Been Better -Coffee should be provided in the rooms.  Maybe this is a Vegas thing, but in my business travels, even Super 8 has in room coffee.  We were on the 16th floor of the Conference Wing and had to go to the lobby to get coffee.  Many times the line was extremely long with conference goers so we had to walk to the Starbucks in the main building.  Also, an in room frig would be nice.  We often had leftovers from restaurants but no place to keep them.  Finally, some type of casual dining for breakfast would be great.Overall, we enjoyed our stay, the staff is extremely nice.  We will stay again.
3	I am impressed by the improvements that the Tropicana has gone through in it's makeover session. I stayed here for two nights, as this was the host hotel for a race my roommate and I were running and we were both thrilled with the experience. The staff was extrememly friendly and easy to work with-we were even able to get a phone call for an early check-in on Friday.This was a great price for being on the strip and being in walking distance or a cab ride from anywhere else you want to go.BTW-Don't forget to tip your house keepers for the hard work that they do.
4	Tropicana was an oasis in the desert.  Yeah, some of the other hotels on the strip have more glitz and glamour, but they also have more people and strange smells.We checked in early around 1 p.m. without any problems.   It was nice to come back from a night out in Vegas to a more laid back atmosphere. It was so nice to return to the Tropicana and not have to fight through a mob of people and don't take that comment the wrong way.  The Tropicana was plenty busy.  I think they just have a better layout in the Casio area than some of the other hotels. I think this is the perfect place to stay for first time Vegas goers.   I like that the decor in the Tropicana it is light and bright.  It just felt like you were staying in a Casino near the beach.  Our room was clean.  Our bathroom had a big tub and a hair dryer in it.  I really like that they had a little makeup mirror in the bathroom.   You can easily walk over to MGM from the Tropicana and get on the monorail.  This came in handy since I'm not a huge fan of spending my vacation time walking around aimlessly.  They have a nice little store right when you enter the Tropicana.  They have little souvenirs  and of course they have booze.  I received wonderful customer service from this store every time I visited it.  I wish they sold stamps in this store.  That would have come in handy.
1	Staff are really rude. Casino is dead on Saturday night. Lots of empty room across the casino. Restaurant was closed. Got our rooms refunded. Going to go stay somewhere else.
3	Heh...as we walked through the lobby, casino, and wandered around the hotel...my husband summed it up best - "Golden Girls on vaycay".Not bad...just clearly dated (even with their most recent multi-million dollar renovation).
4	It's been a while since I was in here!  I think I took my mother in law to see the body exhibit?  Anyway, we decided to take her in to see the remodel and to let her try her hand a gambling.The remodel is beautiful.  Now very  much a modern resort like feel.  Color scheme is appealing and the walking around, the staff are friendly and things seem spread out.It didn't matter where we were, there was a hint of coconut oil in the air.  I never saw the new rooms, but the outside and casino floor updates are sharp.  Thumbs up for this old property remodel!
3	I've been to the Tropicana many times over the years, mostly to see shows/exhibits. I haven't been in since their renovation, and it looks so much better. Its bright and clean and open. It no longer has that stale smell. I was pleasantly surprised.I've only gambled there once and didn't win. I've never eaten there and I've never seen the rooms. But I would no longer steer tourist friends away from the Trop. I had a drink at ICandy before the Recycled Percusssion show. Drinks were pricey but the Peanut Butter Cup cocktail was huge and yummy. All the staff I encountered were friendly and helpful.
2	Not much to say about this place.   Its pretty old school , tons of old people .  Seemed expensive for what it had to offer .  $165 for a Saturday night.    The only good thing was that it wasn't crowded , but that's not always a good thing when you're in Vegas.   Pool totally sucks.   Our room seemed like light years away from the lobby too.   I probably never go back.   Why would I ?  I guess there IS a lot to say about this place .   I had it at 3 stars before I started writing this , but I guess I talked  myself into giving it 2.    I would recommend the Mirage over this place.   Nicer and cheaper.
5	I am COMPLETELY impressed with the Staff at the Tropicana Hotel and GLOW SPA. The renovations of the hotel are simply gorgeous. I was a customer at the Spa on opening day 11/11/11 and had a massage with Andrew. The reception people were absolutely fantastic. The spa is GORGEOUS!. Andrew made me feel like a million bucks and Yolanda, the locker room attendant, is a beautiful and helpful person. I felt so happy and relaxed with my treatment! So relaxed that I forgot my diamond loop earrings in my locker....Several days later I realized I had forgotten them. I was literally devasted. I called the hotel immediately and spoke with Sara. To my complete relief, my earrings had been found and tucked away in the spa safe. I was thrilled! Sara was gracious, supportive and made me feel comfortable that I would receive them. To cap off my AMAZING experience, Gianni Valentino sent me my earrings in a package with a couple Mandara body wash gifts. He called me to let me know progress when the earrings were sent to me FedEx also. I am stunned, impressed and grateful for this incredible service and experience.I will ALWAYS stay at the Tropicana now for the rest of my life! Their impeccable service and ethics created a loyal and thankful customer.
2	I stayed here for a conference and I would probably not stay here again. Yes, the price is reasonable but the location and design of the building is horrible. It took me a really long time to find my room from the main entrance because the design's like a maze. Costumer service was horrible too. The meeting rooms were large but they had problems with the air vent so the rooms were freezing, like you were in a freezer. My room felt like a sauna everyday before I had to turn on the AC. I think overall, they have issues with the vents. They are making a new Spa and that looks promising.
3	Since my initial review,  Nicole from Tropicana thanked me for my review and apolgized for my sub-par experience with them.   I thought that was very nice of her. I also explained that maybe I was being too harsh.  Maybe  because of the fact that Las Vegas hotels are held to such a high level of expection due to the competition.   It wasnt a bad experience by any means.   As a matter of fact a friend contacted me after reading my review to ask if she should change her reservations at the Tropicana for the following weekend.   I told her not to .   The staff was friendly, its clean and neat inside as well
5	Stop looking... If you are looking for the best value and perfect location for the ultimate Vegas experience, book the Tropicana.  They advertise and newly remodeled, but it is far beyond that.   It is conveniently located on the Las Vegas strip with walking distance anywhere, yet it offers a break from the hectic tourism crowd.  The casino is pristine, the dealers are freindly and even take the time to teach you the game.  The food and entertainment is fabulous.  Everyone is courteus and helpful.  Even the elevators are plentiful.  Seriously, that's a big deal.  have you ever needed to run upstairs and you wait forever for the elevators?  This place has plently of elevators and are fast.  The folks at the Tropican have thought of everything.  The new Glow spa is off the chart.  The concierge is knowlegable and helpful.  The bathrooms and spotless and clean. The pool is gorgeous. For me, it's like home.  If you are looking for a romantic get a way or a place for a large business meeting, this IS THE PLACE TO BE.
4	This year I decided to make myself happy and have a holiday season with limited visits to the parents and the in-laws.  I had a LivingSocial.com voucher that needed to be redeemed by the years end so I booked a getaway here for the husband and I over the Thanksgiving holiday. I was impressed. I know its an older property but the attention paid to the rooms and the main areas was nice.  For an older venue it cleaned up nicely.  The front desk reception still needs some attention (its dingy and outdated. and can someone explain why are the ceilings are SO LOW?) as does the outside facade.   But inside the rooms are modern and I like the whole take on the "Modern Miami" aesthetic.  Service at the restaurants was friendly and prompt. I'd return and recommend it.
3	Hmmm.... I'd say a solid 3 stars.We decided to be adventurous and hotwire it for our annual winter vegas vacay.. we picked a 4star hotel on the South end of the Strip and ended up with the Tropicana. I was immediately disgusted, but hubby informed me that they renovated and remodeled so it is a lot better than it used to be.I was pretty skeptical the whole way there. The hotel is completely white outside, it looks unfinished to me. Their casino is small, and when you walk in, the coconut sunscreen smell slaps you in the face. Our room was in the club tower, which is in the farther building, and quite a walk. We also happened to be there the same weekend as some latin ballroom dance convention of some sort, and most of those people also happened be staying on our floor. Loud and obnoxious. The bathroom was pretty spacious, and the room itself was nicer than I thought it would be. There was a sizable flat screen tv, but our view outside was of the airport and the planes landing and taking off were pretty noisy. The hotel itself is also like a sauna.. not sure if they keep the heat cranked up on purpose to go with the tacky tropical theme or what, but it was ridiculously warm. I also thought it was interesting that both of their restaurants were closed... not that I wanted to eat at either of them, but if I did, I wouldn't have been able to. All in all, I wasn't that impressed, but it was clean enough for a one night stay. Will I ever stay there again? nope.
2	My visit here is out of date because I was here four years ago. First of all, when we first came, the manager gave us a smoking room. When my family didn't want a smoking room we complained. The manager claimed they had no more rooms and that we would have to stick to the room. Eventually my dad argued and we finally got a better room. The manager lied in front of our faces. The room was quite dirty, not really luxurious. The pool was pretty good, quite crowded though. Just save up your money for the cleaner, truthful, and more luxurious hotels in Las Vegas.
4	The worst thing about the Tropicana is its poor reputation. I pricelined a 4 star on the N or S Strip and was sorely disappointed when the Tropicana came back as the winner BUT I was wrong to be so upset. This hotel is clean and nicely done. It does NOT have the cheese factor of almost every hotel on the strip. The casino is small but to me that is a positive. I stayed in the casino tower and what a great location. Close to the elevators and a short walk to the front door. Yes, they charge a $15 per day resort fee, but don't all of the hotels charge that? Parking and wifi is inclusive of the resort fee. You do get hit in the face with the scent of coconut which is obnoxious to me because I tend to associate the smell of coconut to oily strippers. The only real negative is the lack of food options. The food court pizza place is awful but they have a Starbucks so you can grab something small to eat there instead of the dry salted pizza. Would gladly stay there again.
4	I recently stayed at the Tropicana for six days to attend a Latin Dance competition. The hotel has been completely renovated. We had a beautiful, fairly large room with a lovely view of the strip. The room was immaculate. Everything was new and in good taste. The staff was friendly and helpful. I had some trouble connecting to their wi-fi and the problem was fixed immediately. They still are fixing it up but for the price of a room and what you get, it is a great deal. The spa and fitness room are top notch. The pool looked beautiful although it was too cold to swim.
3	I'm here at the end of December, so maybe I can't appreciate the Nikki Beach Club  and pools. but it looks nice from the outside. The first night prior to the to our stay wasn't great. I tried calling the front desk to confirm my reservation the night prior to arriving. I had a good deal with HauteLook for $45/night. I was transferred from an operator to the front desk and put on hold ten minutes until I hung up and called back. This happened three times until I asked the operator to try herself. After a two minute wait she said people are there, just not answering their phones. She checked the reservation for me and said my name is there but she didn't have access to tell me what my room would be like.Once we got to Vegas, check in wasn't bad. The staff at the front desk were less than friendly. I asked about a free upgrade and she said nothing is available because it's so busy this week. Then she paused and said but if I pay an extra $250 a night, they can give me an upgrade. I passed. I guess something was available after all, but just not for free, or for us. The room itself was ok. I'm in the Club Tower. Inside is a huge flat screen LG TV. Besides that, the decorations look new but 70s beach style. The floor is cracked in the bathroom and the rugs look dated. The other update is probably the tub and the sink, which are nice and the water heats fast, but the pressure is weak. The bathroom even had an unpleasant odor. The mattress is comfortable but the sheets are starchy. They take some getting used to once on them. The comforter that is washed daily. The French shutters are a nice touch. Go high, even on the 6th floor you can hear the sirens of the streets. We were upgraded to a club suite which was nice, with a fridge, Kenmore coffee maker (no coffee in other room), two TVs, separate living room, separate sinks and a big shower. The major drawback was the thumping you hear every few seconds from the elevator being used. It sounds like someone is hammering above you. Don't get a room near the elevator. I was up most of the night.The free wifi is room dependent.  Higher up I had better wifi but on the 6th floor, I had to tether my phone.  You may want to check your wifi connection before setting up if it's important to use it.The cleanliness of the room is good. The maids do a good job every day. I was on the 6th floor and they got to us around 1 PM- 4 PM.Keep in mind the Club Tower is a long walk, but farther from the strip noise. You may still hear fast cars and sirens, though.The hotel itself isn't overly extravagant but simple elegant. The fitness center is hidden in the spa and has a bunch of machines in a narrow strip but you can't use the steam room, sauna, or locker area without paying an extra $18/day. There are small gift stores, and two fancy restaurants open for dinner. The food court is small but has sizable portions. They host the Rick Thomas Magic Show which is a must see, family-friendly, and really amazing. If you like booths and a good view, get the VIP seats. The casino is a little smaller relative to the other ones but has good tables. My boyfriend was able to win some. This is probably the last hotel at this end of the strip that has walkways to other buildings.I saw a lot of families. There's really nothing raunchy in this location to keep families out. Maybe it's the appeal of the Magic show and the low rates.  Keep in mind there are lots of kids in this hotel.I'd probably come back to this location for a similar price. I hardly hear anyone once inside the room, except for some above sounds of things occasionally dropping or pipes moving water; you also hear any normal conversation or louder in the hall.  Also, again, don't get a room near the elevator or you will here THUMP every few seconds.If you ever have any problems with your stay I recommend talking to Nicole Marshall with guest services.  She contacted me directly after seeing my initial review with opportunities to make my stay better.  Besides the room location, she did a pretty good job. I'd give four stars if it wasn't for this elevator sound all night (which I think she didn't know existed), the fact that our water was turned off in the morning without any notification, and the previous customer service hassles of various service people with snarky attitudes.
2	A side note: I left two coats in the closet in the room, and I called the hotel and left a message with a description of the items for their lost and found. I even gave them the specific tower and room number, which leaves virtually no room for confusion. Yes, I recognize that it was my own dumbass fault for hanging them up and not checking the closet before we left, but I realized this a week later when I went to go wear my trench coat and it was missing... needless to say, when maid service went to clean the room, it had to have been PRETTY obvious that the two coats were there, and left there by mistake, but I got a call back that no items were recovered from the room.Yep. I'd say there's really no question of what happened to them.
3	It appears as though the Tropicana has gone through a recent renovation. I have to say that they have done a good job with the renovation in the public areas, although the casino space is rather small in comparison to the other casinos on the strip.The Tropicana is easily accesible through either Las Vegas Blvd or Tropicana Ave since it is at the SE Corner of that particular intersection. I found parking at their parking structure although it was a trek to get from the structure to the entrance of the casino. Normally, I'd valet my car, but I had many valuables in my car that I rather not take the risk of theft.When I arrived at the entrance, I noticed all the recent renovations in this building and some construction that was still in progress. When I got to the entrance, I was confused to where the check in desk was, but a dealer actually pointed me in the right direction. When I arrived at the check in desk, I only had to wait a couple of minutes until I was checked in by an attendant. The check in attendant was friendly and tried to explain to me the directions to the Club Tower. It was actually somewhat confusing as she had to repeat herself several times. The Club Tower is actually quite a walk. It felt like a Lord of the Rings journey. You have to walk diagonally across the casino (mind you there is no obvious path), up a curved escalator, then through a long corridor on the 2nd floor, then make a abrupt left into the elevators. I finally arrived at my room and the decor looks like you are in a tropical themed room. The large wooden blinds in the closed position do not really keep the sunlight away from the room when the sun rises. I loved the large flat screen TV in the room.However, the bathroom was such an afterthought to the renovation. I am not sure what they renovated in there, but the toilet had noticable "stains." I liked the larger bathtub, but again, it looked dated especially with that bad tile job. I was not very impressed with the bathroom.Also, as I used the internet, the reception was spotty. It did not work half the time. Sometimes it would work and the other times it would not. So, I felt a little ripped off of the resort fee ($14.99/day) when it includes wireless internet that is half working.
4	Recently trekked through the casino and found it wonderfully renovated. The casino pit looked nice and modern. No overpowering cigarette smoke and seemed fresh and clean.  Public restrooms were nearly brand new with brand new fixtures. Food court looked inviting and clean, although I didn't try the food. Yes it's an older property and like a cat has 9 lives, but who knows for how long? Overall a great face lift and I wish them the best. Not many of the classic names left, the real Las Vegas. Good luck Tropicana.
3	Average accommodations, sub-par service.  Last on my list to stay on the strip.  Free slow wi-fi bought it another star.
3	I stayed at the Tropicana Hotel this week on business and I have to say my room was very nice.. The Hotel it self is still very 70"s looking but non the less,, nice.. The employees were super friendly as well..Not my first chioce of places to stay in Vegas but because of the CES Convention,it was all I could get....
3	On Dec 28th-31th my boyfriend and I stayed at the Tropicana Hotel. We were pretty excited to see how it was going to look after its new renovations. I had viewed their website and heard good things of its new look and wanted to experience for myself.  When we arrived at the hotel, we were not impressed by its exterior appearance, it was just plain white, there was nothing exciting about it at all, it had a boring look.  However, we were not going to let the hotel's exterior appearance influence our attitude on it as a whole. Before entering the hotel, we had to walk around to the end of the building in order to roll our luggage in. The hotel had stairs in the main entrance, which made it very difficult for people to bring their luggage in the main entrance. Once we entered the hotel, we smelled a strong pineapple smell, which was pretty strong. We were able to check in smoothly, and were both impressed with its new look.  All of the workers were very nice and the casino wasn't very smoky. We stayed in a deluxe room in the towers. The section we stayed in was brand new, but the pathway/hallway we had to walk down to get to our room was very warm. I wasn't sure if it was supposed to be warm in the hallways or if the air conditioner just wasn't working. Our room was real nice, everything in the room was new, it had white comforters, black jazz art on the walls, Jacuzzi bathtubs, and free wireless, the rooms were coo. But... the only major problem we had with our room was... the water. We had no hot water one night!!!!! I was so upset. We were getting ready to enjoy the night life and we had to wait about 40 minutes to take shower. I called the front desk and they said they needed to restart the generator.... :/ for real. I've never been to a hotel where they need to restart the generator. Then the next morning after partying all night, I got up to wash my face and the water coming out of the faucet began to make a weird sound, and guess what started coming out? Brown water... I was livid and complained to the receptionist about our experience at their newly remodeled hotel did not meet our expectations, and they gave us a discount. Would I stay their again? Maybe after they fix their plumbing problem.
3	It was OK due to price.  Pros -  I found the room comfortable (besides the shower). Gym was good Pool looks nice (didn't use)Location was OKRoom was cleanThey could carry this place off better though with some slight improvements.1.  Staff overall.  Didn't find them too friendly or eager to help2.  Cab lines suck.  No hussle to get cabs like other hotels.  Guy just stood there while a bunch of us waited in the line like sheep.  Sorry no tip Pal. 3.  Shower height - its like 5ft.  really uncomfortable to take a shower.    Bathroom overall seemed to be ignored in the renovation.4.  Restaurants - sucked.  Really poor choices.  Get some new restaurants in. It basically felt like what I paid for it - Around $195 a night but it was during CES week where all the other hotels are getting $400+I think I'll go back but it would be only a night to check out the pool scene in the summer.  I got a feeling the vibe in this place could change during pool season
3	Got a deal through Priceline for $100, the room is new and clean, but by no means luxurious or modern. Has a 42" plasma and and all, wifi too but beware they will charge you the resort fee of $15 a day for it a day. We stayed for the great location, on the Strip, close to everything, including the airport. The casino is small and they only have 2 or 3 shows, so you'll have to get your fun somewhere else. Starbucks at the first floor, it's good in the morning and Nikki Cafe is a pretty good place to have dinner, watch the iCandy show at the bar and quickly go to your room if you want to spend the night "at home". Renovations are almost ready, give it a try if you find it at a good price.
3	Here are the things that I love about this hotel:1.  Great location.  I don't often spend time on this end of the strip, but if was a nice change of pace and easy to get pretty much anywhere.2.  It's literally right on the strip so you don't have to walk 30 minutes FROM the strip just to get into the lobby.3.  The casino (and hotel hallways) don't reek of smoke.  Instead you get assaulted with the smell of coconuts.  It's a decent trade-off.4.  Rooms are a decent size for your 'standard' sized hotel room.   Decor was wicker and palm tree's.  I haven't been inside a Tommy Bahama store in a while, but I have visions of it being similar.  5.  Casino is small so it only takes about 40 seconds to get to Starbucks once off the elevator.  Here are the things that I didn't love about this hotel:1.  Sports book needs more tables to chill and not just those little cubby things.2.  Beds are super uncomfortable.3.  A/C in the rooms is bad.  Like really bad.  So bad that I could never imagine staying here during the summer months.  I even called the front desk asking if they turn it off during the winter because our room never seemed to cool off.  4.  Rooms don't have blackout shades.  This is the lamest thing ever.  My better half loved this hotel, but personally, I don't think I'd stay here again.  The pool seems like it would be cool during the warmer months, but I'm still loyal to the Palazzo.
4	Recently stayed here for my first trip to Vegas. Here's my rundown. Pros:- The beds were really comfortable- The rooms were clean- Self Parking was never full, and you don't need to go up countless levels to find a spot. It's all right there.- The grounds are quite beautiful- Bathrooms in the rooms were huge, including a fairly large tub. - Recycled Percussion show is right in the Tropicana, and it's fantastic. Cons:- The rooms, though clean, smelled of smoke even though they were "non-smoking." - It's true about the AC, it sucks. But, turn it to high fan and off of auto and it helps out. The lowest I could get the temp was 67, and this was in January. - Check-in was a nightmare. The rooms weren't ready when we arrived, and they forgot to put the request in to have them cleaned. It ended up taking 4 hours of waiting to get our rooms. - If you're in the back tower, (Club tower, I think it was called?) Then it's a really long walk from the front entrance or from the parking to get to your room.Overall, I would say I enjoyed staying here, especially since we got the rooms for around $40/night. Can't beat that for a clean room on the strip.
3	1-Major Renovation of the hotel1-Bachelorette6-Other Ladies1-Renovated Room40- Dollars per person for 2 nights in Vegas + A Free Bottle of VodkaCan't argue with the numbers, free vodka, fresh and clean rooms.Can't argue with getting bottle service basically for free at Club Nikki because we had a total of 12+ ladies.Is it swanky? No.  Is is posh? No.Is it good enough? Yep!
4	I had an amazing time staying here during my trip to Vegas (with the help of the groupon voucher I bought). the renovated rooms in the Paradise Tower were really nice, very cozy! we had the view of the pool (which I seem to always get whenever I go to Vegas). Its off at the end of the strip, which I thought I was going to hate but it was nice because I got to see almost all of the strip instead of just the center (since the last time I went I stayed at the Venetian and whenever I went with family of course we had to just sight see the center and always busy part of the strip). the one downside was the lighting in the room.. its very dim so if you want good lighting to do your make up, use the bathroom or open the blinds!everyone seem to be complaining about check-in.. I had a great front desk attendant when I checked in. it was quick, we got our bottle of vodka, she was super friendly and jolly, even recommended some places for us to grab dinner (since we didn't get to check in until 10 pm, the options were quite limited..)
3	The Tropicana was very nice, clean, bright, and service was good. However, the floor in the bathroom was not clean...black hairs all over the place. The bed was very comfortable. I wish I would've paid more attention to reviews I'd read prior to our stay saying the rooms were too far from the entrance. We were in the Club Tower and it was a serious journey from our room to exit the hotel. The pools were packed the entire 4 days of our stay and we didn't want to fight for a lounge chair, so we didn't swim. It really is more of a 'posing' kind of place than a fun place. The restaurants were tre' spendy.
2	Meh.Tropicana got a multi-million dollar renovation. By the looks of it, it definitely needed one badly since even after the renovation it was still kinda crappy. Don't get me wrong, parts of it were nice. The outdoor pool space looked like it was nice (though since it is closed during the winter time, it didn't make a difference for my stay - though they still do charge you that $14.95 resort fee anyways). The check-in counter area looked cool, with its white walls and colored lights. But I think that was about it. Our room was not much to write about. The renovations didn't make it to our bathroom, and probably didn't make it to other parts of our hotel room either (if it did, I really couldn't tell).You get what you pay for, right? Well, unfortunately we were there for Super Bowl weekend, which means we paid a lot, and got a little in return. To cap it off, when I called down to the front desk, I waited on the line for 5 minutes - and no one picked up. I tried again - waited for another 5 minutes - and then finally someone picked up. Oh, and it sounded like she was doing me a favor, picking up my call.Oh well. Better luck in Vegas next time.
3	I got an excellent room rate on the Tropicana, and the room (in the Club Tower) was excellent - clean, spacious, comfortable bed, quiet. The location on the strip is pretty good, and it's quite close to the airport. BUT...the cons of this hotel soon out-weighed the pros. Yes, they gave me a nice room, BUT it takes 15 minutes to walk from the front of the hotel to my elevator. Yes, they have a clean fitness center BUT it's located adjacent to a designated smoking area. Yes, they have a spa - BUT it's so over-priced, I don't see how they do any business. Yes, they have 24-hour room servce, BUT the menu is extremely limited. Also, there is no coffee maker or fridge in the room - that is a complete oversight. And, I work for a Fortune 100 company who blocked out a lot of rooms in their hotel, and they couldn't give me a late check-out. Lastly, the free tram is a pain to access from this hotel. You have to walk to the tram station at the Excalibur and the tram only goes as far as the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Not very safe at night. I wouldn't stay here again.
4	my recent stay at the tropicana was great, the staff are helpful always smiling and the gambling areas                                                                                                       are wide open and spacious and you don't get that overwhelming cigarette smell you do when entering the other casinos, i had a fabulous corner suite and the breakfasts and my dinner was quite good, service and food, i also want to commend the great service at the spa and to linda mcdonald for making my stay enjoyable and i thought the renovations are coming along just fine !!!
4	The new, updated Tropicana is a light, airy hotel and casino. The bed was very comfortable and the large soaking tub was wonderful! Service was excellent.  It smells delicious, too! Very nice property.
4	Stayed at Tropicana in December, I won a trip to Vegas and my choices were either Tropicana or an off-strip casino.  Very glad I picked Tropicana.  We had an early flight, so we went to check in at 8am.  Got a room right away, only problem was it was a smoking room and we reserved a non-smoking room.  No problem, a non-smoking room wouldn't be available till later in the day, but we could leave our stuff in the smoking room.  Our non-smoking room was ready early, they sent a bellman up to our room to exchange keys so I didn't have to go all the way back to the front desk. The new room was great.  It was obvious that the rooms had been recently redone.  Minor issue, housekeeping could spend a little more time on the bathroom.  Shower had a couple obvious mold spots.  I normally don't sleep well in hotels, but this might have been the most comfortable hotel bed I've ever slept on.  In room Wi-Fi included in the "resort fee", so that was nice.  The gaming area was nice, dealers were very friendly and helpful to those that needed a little advice.  I like the fact that, as opposed to other casinos, Tropicana has opted for a light color scheme.  In some casinos, even in the middle of the afternoon it can seem like midnight.  Only restaurant we tried was the Beach Cafe.  Food was good, service was friendly, nothing extraordinary.  I would say that our one complaint would be there weren't a lot of food options, but this is a smaller casino.  Overall we really enjoyed ourselves, we're planning another trip in the fall and I think Tropicana is where we're going to stay
4	I booked my room through hotels.com 3 months in advance for about 75 a night which is awesome since it was for a holiday weekend (presidents weekend). I was really nervous to stay here because I'm a bit of a hotel snob..... I've stayed at the Wynn, Venetian, Mandalay bay, ti, flamingo and Paris. I was happily surprised when I saw our room!!!We were in the far tower which kinda sucks but as long as the room was clean I didn't care.ProsComfortable bedNew decorLobby and casino area very cleanLarge roomsConsResort fees are high and don't include muchAir conditioner did not work!!!!! Had to be moved to a different room and the air still didn't work in the new room Not a great selection of slot machines compared to most hotelsNo dining options!!!! Room service was overpriced tooAbsolutely worth 75 a night. Wish the pool was open, it looked like a great pool. Not a fan of this side of the strip but overall I was very happy
3	Tropicana got a major upgrade! The whole hotel has done a fantastic remodel with it's new Miami-like theme.  Check-in was a breeze, with the  staff being super helpful for whatever questions or requests we had. Our room was in the second tower which was a bit of a walk but not a big deal at all. The room itself had a super comfy bed that I now want for my own bedroom. You could tell everything was newly done except for the bathroom tiles..I could totally be wrong but it just felt that way. The shades/curtains let a little too much light in, which is not ideal for those getting to bed late in the am. Everything else was awesome though .Since it was late February, the pool was closed, but it looked very Miami/tropical like. I wish the weather was warm enough so I could check it out. Good location, good prices, clean hotel, and good service. I would totally be back, and hopefully in the summer.
4	Stayed he for a week and was really impressed with the transformation it has taken over the past few years.  Only complaints were hot hallways (ac issue?) and super limited channel selection, but can't beat it for the price!
3	Stayed here with friends last weekend.  Pros: I like the decor... hip 50's beach theme.  Rooms were clean with decent amenities.  Price was reasonable for location.Cons: Coconut/sunscreen smell that is pumped into the lobby is awful!  Gave me a headache within minutes.  Casino entertainment is ridiculous - they have a wedding type band singing songs as if they were performing karaoke.  Place was not that crowded on friday night... casino was filled with a mix of clientele.  They need to do some targeted marketing and figure out what kind of hotel they want to be.
3	The Tropicana has really done a lot to update itself and it's much cleaner than it was before, but perhaps at the cost of some of it's character. It's pretty neutral and sort of reminds me of Bally's now; there is a bit of the stained glass over the tables still, but it feels more out of place and considerably less art nouveau than it used to. It seems to me that they changed the colors of it (but perhaps that's my imagination). It 's attempt at nostalgia, but i wouldn't go so far as to say it's a successful one. They have the promotional signs everywhere for " The first $200 on us" and there is (obviously) a catch, but it's still a good promo. You get that money in slot or table play, equal to your losses up to $200 in your first 24 hours. It's complicated and I think you get the first part immediately and the second half a month later. I lost $20 (the minimum) and got $10 in slot play back. It ensure's ill be back in a month, even if I just drop in. I will say you should try and go early, because you only have until midnight of the day you join to do it; if you join at 11pm you have one hour and you can only cash in once.  All in all the "new" Tropicana isn't a bad place; you could (and I have) done much worse. It's probably not the sort of place that is likely to spring to mind when you are searching for a night out, but it's a good deal when you are in the neighborhood.
1	Don't bother staying here.  The resort fees are outrageously high and you get no value for them.  The collection of slots is sorely lacking and the tables are mediocre at best.  You're better off at a real hotel a little further down the strip.
3	We have stayed in a dozen different 4/5 star hotels on the strip. We really like the decor and the casino. The club suite was nice and big with a refrigerator and coffee pot. The bathroom was lacking though. No bathtub and an awkward door set up into the bathroom. It felt more like a not so great hilton bathroom. So if there had been a soaking tub we would have been inclined to return. Even with a groupon deal at $149 a night we felt this was a little overpriced considering you can get a room for the same price at The Hotel or The Signature MGM, which are nicer in my opinion. Plus, you had to pay the resort fees and taxes on top of that groupon deal so it really wasn't worth the total price. The first night we couldn't sleep due to nightclub noise until 2am resonating up the 19th floor?!  For some reason no nightclub noise the next night. So definitely consider this when making your arrangements.  We did like the casino and the deal for getting a players card. Also, we enjoyed Biscayne, the seafood restaurant on property.
2	I stayed at the old Tropicana a few years ago and was not impressed at all.  It was old, dated, and the staff really didn't care if you enjoyed yourself or not.  When I was booking a room for last weekend I read about the huge remodel and its new 4 star rating and thought I would give it a try.  When I got there I was greeted by a friendly valet and walked into a beautiful chic new lobby.  But that's where the new ended.  I was checked in by a front desk clerk that barely spoke to me.  Even when I was asking her about the new remodel, she would only answer in short sentences.  She did however advise me that there was a $26 per day resort fee however, the pool and fitness center were closed.  I don't get it, what was that fee for?  The use of the elevators perhaps?  When I got to my room I discovered that the windows were covered in this funny film with small holes in it so picture taking from the room was not possible and there were no curtains, just shutters that were difficult to open.  Possible so you don't see the old windows and only the new decor.  I the bathroom there is cheap home depot tile, which was already chipping and the old bath tub and shower enclosure surrounded by new wall paper and towel holders.   I certainly don't see where this supposed 4 star rating came from.  To me, on a good day, this is a 3 or 2 1/2 star at best.  This supposed multi million dollar remodel was the equivalent of putting a velvet hat on a pig.  Your money is best spent elsewhere.
4	I really have to say that Trop has made a serious effort to pull it together. While the age is still visible, I think it's a much nicer place to be than it was before (I revisited last summer but my visit before that was back when the Titanic exhibit was still there... long time). It definitely looks and feels cleaner. I do hate the parking garage so I have to agree with Samantha G on that. It always freaks me out a bit (especially the walk into the casino from there which tends to be a bit deserted). I've been here several times since the remodel and while it's not my fave place around, I no longer say "um, no thanks" when there's something interesting to do here.
4	I actually really enjoy this hotel.  The rooms are remodeled, the hotel staff are very accomodating, and my experience was great!
5	Love, love, LOVE this place! Try finding Tracy at the blackjack tables, by far the best dealer in town. Nice, new clean rooms and none of the hassles from other popular casinos on the strip.
4	I was recently in town for a conference and stayed at the Trop for the better part of a week. This has been hands down one of the best Vegas trips I have had to date.I hadn't stayed at the hotel prior to the re-model and only read a few favorable comments on here before the departure, if any. We arrived at the hotel significantly earlier than expected and then front desk rep was so helpful. They took our bags and gave us a great recommendation for lunch close to the hotel; then called us as soon as a room opened up; so we got an early check-in.The room had a GREAT view of the strip, 40/42inch TV, and the bathroom had a noticeably large bath tub. The housekeeping staff was very sweet and friendly, brought us extra amenities for our extended stay.We ordered room service and the food was great (worthwhile to mention the beach cafe dinner and breakfast buffet was a great look)! But i was extra impressed with the gentleman who brought us our food. He came in and set up the table for us in the room, so i wanted to give him an extra tip cash -- he refused. I offered again and he pointed out that it would be double dipping since I had already taken care of the tip on my tab. I thought that was a really stand-up gesture. The only downside was not getting wifi for our conference, that was quite an issue and we didn't end up getting any wifi reception then either of the three days -- but that could have been a mishap with who ever booked the conference center; not sure. BUT we had no issues with the wifi in our rooms!all in all, a great stay -- and not to mention the tables were quite good to me.
5	so FREAKIN bummed you all left these horrible reviews. Went last year in July and going again this year for my sisters 21st b day again in july. It will be her first time. This place ROCKS!!! smells great, rooms AWESOME. got a suite upgrade. Im a young married woman and my hubby and i loved the faced it was small and quaint and no knuckle head frat boys running around. I told everyone about this place even. all my co workers and friends.  peoeple say is cheap its not CHEAP at all. its called a GREAT rate. why feel like your getting robbed at the other hotels when you can stay here. and with it being the end of the strip..the END of the strip is the airport this is not at the end. Mandalay Bay is further. Stop complaining. Check tripdvisor where REAL reveiews post. You will be surprised the difference there compared to here. Great pics are posted there too. The workers here are FAB. shout out to Nicole Marhsall :-) See u soon Trop :-)
3	We stayed at the Tropicana because friends of ours were staying there...it wasn't our first choice of places, but it seemed okay.  The price was more than we wanted to pay, but we had heard that it had been recently remodeled.  Well, the hotel did look better than I remember from before, and it was clean.  But they still allow smokers (yuck!) and the casino was smaller than the other casinos.  We didn't try the restaurants or the nightclub.  And we were disappointed to know that we couldn't use the pool or hot tub.  They looked really pretty through the windows, but it wasn't open.  We weren't informed before we arrived..a little disappointing.  The rooms were nice and relaxing, but there was noise coming from the airport that could get loud.  Overall, I think we will choose another place to stay in the future.
3	Staff are friendly. The new white look is not all that. It's still the same old tropicana to me.
3	So after my last review of this hotel I was invited to come back and try the new Tropicana compliments of Nicole there Guest Relations Manager.  We arrived to the hotel and valet parked and that was a nice experience.  The VIP Breeze check in was not so fast...the regular check in line went faster.  The room was a 180 degree change from the last time I stayed there.  The only thing I didn't like is that there wasn't enough light blocked out for sleeping in and the water pressure from the shower head was too low. The air conditioner work perfect and the housekeeper for our floor was a  very sweet lady.  We visit the bar near the entrance of the hotel and I was happy with my service and the drinks.  One of the friendliest bartenders I have meet.  Now my dislikes about my stay; The Cafe Nikki was the worst experience of my whole stay and the pizza from the 24 hour deli.  At the Cafe we had asked for two drinks one being a fat tire and the other a vodka fruit punch and we were brought the complete opposite.  We complained and still was charged for the drinks we didn't ask for.  Never again did we eat at the Tropicana for the rest of the weekend. .  I was a little skeptical after reading that a guest had been robbed in there room.  I was reassured that incident was not a normal thing and as long as we keep our door closed at all times we should be good.  The elevators were nice and all of them worked this time.  Overall our experience at the Tropicana was nice and I appreciate Nicole making it happen so that we could see the new and improved place for ourselves.
5	Upon arriving here we had a very nice person check us in name Barbara.   Barbara was awesome and very friendly to us despite it being almost midnight when we checked in.   We got put into the Paradise Tower in a very nice room.  The rooms in the Paradise tower are definitely nicer than the Club Tower (which is where I was put the last time I stayed here).    The room was very clean, had a remodeled bathroom, flat screen tv, chaise lounge, a palm tree and a nice view of the Luxor/Excalibur across the street.  Room was white and orange with nice white crown molding on the ceiling. Parking was not a hassle and it was easy to access the self park lot from the hotel.   Also no charge for parking which is a plus.  Lots of people are complaining about the $14.99 per day resort fee.   I think it's a very reasonable price considering it includes Wi-Fi (which was super fast) and use of the fitness center and pool.  The maid cleaned our room thoroughly every day and over all I was VERY pleased with my stay here at Tropicana.  We will be back.  Let's just hope it is a little warmer so I can go into the pool.
4	I am out of the demographic.  I'm over 50 (actually over 60) and don't have tattoos.  But I liked the place for a few reasons:  - I like the miami style of a 60ish architecture and the furnishings. - I'm not a big gambler, so it makes no difference that the casino seems smaller than others. - The room rates were good.- The pool was pretty darn big and clean.- The view from our room west facing in the Club Tower (I think it was the Club; it's the one further back) was incredible.- Staff were nice.- Beach cafe wasn't expensive.Here's a complaint in general about Las Vegas and the modern world.  I am child of the sixties - the beatles, jimi hendrix, jefferson airplane, etc.  I've listened to whole lot of pop in my life and I certainly don't expect or want to hear the beatles on the sound system at the pool, or in the lobbies or casinos.  And I realize that 20-40 crowd with their tattoos probably likes the crap they play everywhere, BUT, hey can't they play just a little bit of Frank Sinatra, Dean Martin and Sammy Davis?   I'd stay at any casino/hotel on the strip if I knew I could hear that music from the better times when America was in its prime.Anyway for what it's worth the Tropicana is okay by me.
4	Newly remodeled and it has been offering special rates for quite some time! Appearance looks much more modern and trendy than it used to...still on the small side compared to other hotels, but not bad! The dingy smoke smell is gone as well, and ventilation is much better!
5	I had a very pleasant stay! The rooms were clean, the beds were so comfortable. The workers were very nice (though it took really really long to check in..) but I would definitely go back there on my next trip to Vegas.
4	Well the Trop sure has cleaned itself up since I was a tourist a few years ago!  I've been back a couple of times now since the remodel and I must say that I am impressed.Although it's gone through a lot of changes, I think they have still managed to keep that retro Vegas vibe.  Not sure if it's the color scheme or carpet pattern, but I like it.There are a few new restaurants as well, but I haven't tried any of them.  As a tourist, stop in to say you've seen a classic Vegas casino.  Maybe grab a drink or see a show.  Just don't be expecting all the bells and whistles the mega resorts offer.
2	They said that this hotel was newly renovated. So we went and booked a room at this hotel expecting that everything will be nice and new. Arrival:The valet employees were very friendly and even offered to assist us with our luggage but we declined because we didn't have that much.Lobby:The lobby was nice and clean. The staff at the counter was friendly as well. He asked us if we have any preference, so I told him we have 2. We would like to have a room for non-smokers and 1 king size bed. So he said "Okay". And kept on typing on his keyboard. Then he told us that our room will be on the 4th floor and gave us our key.Room:We went in with high expectations. The room smells nice and no smoke can be detected.  But we saw 2 queen size bed instead of king.  So we called the front desk and told us that there's no more king size bedroom for that night.  The original employee failed to mention it to us. Why not? I don't have a clue.The bathroom tiles were very old, cracked, chipped, and not well maintained.  The bathtub has chips as well.  You can also see some water damage on the ceilings. And we noticed that there's only one shampoo, one conditioner, and one soap on the counter. Really? There are two beds!!! They only expect one person to stay there?I set the A.C. to 60 deg F to cool the room down. It was still warm. The A.C. was not functioning as well as it should.They said that the bed was comfortable. It was so hard, it's like sleeping on the floor.Seriously? And they want to charge a 4 star hotel price? Come on, give me a break.It's a lie when they said that the hotel was newly remodeled. No way.
3	The Trop can best be summed up as a great value.It's not on par with Caesars Palace,Paris, or some of the other big name casinos, but it's significantly cheaper and it has all the basics.           As a Vegas first timer, I found the tables at the Trop a bit less intimidating than some of the other venues. Instead of shady looking middle age stereotypical vegas guys, screaming and trying to tell everyone else how to play, it was mostly other newbies and people my Grandma's age.            The room was clean, fairly spacious, and had a cozy bath tub. However, our view from the window was the nearby airport. That being said, I got the room off of Hotwire for about $89 a night, so I wasn't really expecting to be hooked up with the penthouse suites. Even if you don't get your room off of hotwire, it seems like you can get one for under $150 pretty easily and at that price, it's still a good value in my opinion.          Also, if your looking to meet hot singles this probably isn't your best bet. Unless, your idea of a "Hot Single" is a 70 something with a bright yellow fanny pack.          Overall, if your looking for a happy medium between a standard chain hotel & the high end casinos then Tropicana is a good compromise.
3	Good value - not a lot going on. Now that the renovations have been completed on the rooms, they're pretty nice, although missing some amenities that I would consider standard such as a coffee maker. A friend had a suite, and they got coffee, but none for the common folk. The beds were nice and the pillows were very comfortable. When you stumble back to your hotel room at 3am, that is very good to have! The hotel/casino itself don't offer a lot of fun things to do though. There are not really any stores to shop in and very few restaurants. The Beach Cafe had a 45min wait every single day that we tried to eat there (Fri - Mon) so ended up eating at Pelligrino's which is their little grill area. The other restaurants were sit-down fancier establishments. While delicious, I'd love more casual dining options. There are 2 areas to get a Starbucks at though and that's a plus. The pool is beautiful. I can't wait to go back later this summer when the extra area of the pool will be completed with the renovations. It was supposed to be a Nikki Beach location but due to a few changes and contracts, etc ... it's now supposed to be even better. I love all things Nikki Beach and if this is supposed to be better - I need to see it and will judge that for myself. The main pool is large and the guests that frequent the pool are of all shapes and sizes. Great if you're not looking to compete with 22-year olds and juiceheads. Matt, the security guard at the main pool, was awesome. He was so friendly and remembered us from day-to-day. He assisted me with my concerns about a fellow pool patron that looked like he had a little too much and was sleeping in the hot sun for quite some time. The pool bar offers beers and frozen drinks. One of the bartenders didn't speak the best English but he got the job done. In the 4 days I was at the pool, I was never once approached by the servers that were taking drink orders. Always had to get my own. Maybe I didn't look like I was going to spend a lot of money? Who knows ...  If you buy a yard cup or a sports bottle, they are refillable at a discounted price the next time. Saves you $4+ on each refill. I like discount drinking  :)   Insert why servers didn't visit me. Lol. Housekeeping - this is interesting. Our room wasn't cleaned at all in the 3 nights we stayed. Once our beds were made but the room wasn't cleaned and the trash wasn't emptied, etc. Another day, she knocked and we invited her in and said we would be leaving in 10 min so she offered to come back ... we're still waiting for her to come back ... Overall, good experience ... but I can spend a little bit more and have lots more to do at my fingertips.
3	I stayed at the tropicana (my first time staying here) from april 13-14 ...my boyfriend and i previously booked this hotel through expedia (we chose the mystery 4-star hotel and got trop.) I havent stayed here before but I walked into the hotel years before the renovation and I can def. tell the difference. The decor has stepped up and looks much, much cleaner with the south beach theme going on. you can def smell the coconut suncreen scent throughout the hotel.I had previously booked for their basic hotel room but I had contacted Nicole Marshall who was def. helpful with helping us upgrade to the paradise suite! I saw how much it was going for that weekend I was going and im thankful that she gave us a great deal!the hotel parking itself was a bit confusing for me because i came down straight from Las Vegas Blvd; and I couldn't understand their self parking signs because one said it was on the right but it was a really small lot. I parked there because all the other signs said valet parking. my boyfriend and I were like we'll ask the front desk to make sure because usually the hotels ive stayed at in vegas have a parking structure to park in. (I parked outside in a small lot with numbers on space where you parked.) so my bf and i walked from that parking lot, passed the old 50's style car and went towards the lobby...front desk def. needs help in my opinion, the lines/signs to check in was confusing because well... neither sign said it was for checking in!! another woman and i were confused at the same time...so we went into the check out line because the other one was for showtimes. when it was my turn to check in, i was def. happy/excited/polite but the front desk employee had no facial expression, no enthuasiam, just said "hi" ONLY BECAUSE i said . "hello how are you today?"...yeahh i didnt get any enthuaism out of her nor a how are you back from her (she was a younger african american employee-i didnt catch her name badge/name), she took my id and went through the paperwork, she gave the map to me and said my room was on the 15 floor, in the club tower and to head straight to the escaltors...and i asked "okay thank you, i was wondering do you have more self parking and where is it?"she just replied, "yes we do." i was waiting for more of a explanation where and how i can get there...she just pointed to the map. at that point , i just said okay thanks and wasnt even going to be bother her anymore because i got that impression that i was "bothering" her. i thought i would hear more like thanks for staying at the tropicana and oh here's our deals ...etc. just nothing. usually i get a cheerful welcome and thank you..plus coupons and such when i stay but like i said i didnt want to bother her. the only thing i can say great about the front desk/lobby is that their lights are def amazing looking...reminds me of planet hollywood lobby/front desk.the room was def not what my boyfriend and i expected...it was a great looking, spacious room esp since i did not expect it from tropicana. we got the paradise suite and it was amazingly big, it had a cool wetbar/counter WITH a mini fridge cooler! spacious living room, bedrooom (the bed was SO comfortable!!), his and her sinks + our own countertops...i was expecting to find the free umbrellas i saw that they give out to their guests in their room but i only found the sleeping masks. the only gripe about my room was that we had put a "do not disturb" sign on our door the whole stay and usually they dont clean your room when they do. usually i do not like them to because im usually set with the amt of towels they give and im not picky about everything being cleaned everyday of my stay. but they cleaned our room (weird)...they touched some of our belongings and awkwardly folded my boyfriend's clothes and stuck them on top of the drawer...i dont know...they did a good job on cleaning but i dont like the fact that our belongings were moved and touched. i wished tropicana wouldnt put the thick blinds on their windows because you can barely see a view of the strip...but other than that it was a great room.overall, its a great value room if you didnt want to stay at excalibur or off the strip but i wouldnt stay here again. just because i know with the amount of money ive spent on this room was the same amt i paid for the cosmopolitan but i got to stay one more night longer at cosmo and i had a terrance to stare out at the view of the strip. plus tropicana didnt have a large casino area to walk around & gamble in, they dont have a great selection of places to eat (my bf and i had to go the mgm's food court most of the time to eat), and nothing wow'ed me at all. it was almost basically nothing to do  here and their red card that we signed up for...we didnt use- its a trick if you actually read the ways of how to play their "free $200 slot play"---word of advice...do NOT use it!  but great thanks to Nicole for our stay and helping me fix the kinks of my hotel bil
4	Well, this review isn't for the hotel rooms as I didn't stay at the hotel although I strongly considered it as it's been remodeled, and they have been offering a very compelling offer. But a few of us chose to go a different hotel for this trip and evaluate them for a future stay after checking out their "remodeled" hotel/casino. As a long time Vegas visitor, I had never even visited Tropicana because it had a horrible reputation and there are so much better hotels than it. But, we decided to "play" at the Tropicana and sign up for their "Trop Plus" players card. The promotion was excellent (covers your loss up to $200), the atmosphere in the casino was pretty lively, great variety of slots despite not having that big of a casino, and just enough of a decent ventilation system so that you don't leave with black lung as you do in other casinos. We were happy with the South Beach decor, off-white wall colors and shutters, the bright colors, and the slight coconut smell was a nice touch, too. Only the orange-y carpet could be changed. It's a smaller hotel/casino but it had enough to keep most people happy I would think. The dealers were friendly...and those outfits some of the lady dealers wore...let's just say most guys would stay a bit longer at the tables. I did notice the crowd was a bit older than at the Hard Rock or Hooters, which actually is good at least for me. We were very happy with the casino and would very much like to try out the hotel next time I'm at Vegas.
3	Nice New Look for the Tropicana. Great place for a pool party. Take time to walk through for yourself.
3	Came up to Vegas for Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly weekender over Easter weekend. Casino-I had played the casino here a couple of times and now I wanted to try out staying there. The casino is good size. There's lots going on in this place. They also have lingerie dealers at a few tables as well. Beware, look but don't touch. The table dealers in general are fairly nice. I remember Guiseppe was a blast to be hanging out with. The guys at the sports book were kinda rude. No one was in line and it wasn't busy so I asked a few questions about the hockey games and they blew me off. Guess they didn't want to take my money. Hotel- Beds were comfy and sheets were clean. TV was nice size. Bathroom was clean. One grip though. Showerhead, I'm 5'10" tall, by no means tall, but not short either, and the showerhead was placed at mid chest level, was this a room for shorter people? I had to bend down quite a bit just to get my head wet. Was pissing me off by the 2nd day here. And the ceiling in the shower as well was prob only 6'4". seemed to be cramped. Felt like a monster in a kids playhouse. My room was in the Club Tower, Do not stay in this tower!!! Its a long walk to the valet, the casino,  and the parking lot. Misc.- Came back to our room after a hard night of partying and had a serious case of the munchies. Called room service and ordered a pizza. I think it was 40 bucks, probably my own drunkedness though. Anyways. BEST Pizza ever. I ate it again the next morning too. Still awesome!! The pepperoni was small and thick, so good. I can still taste it 4 weeks later. Pool was big and nice too with a lifeguard. Next time I'll prob stay somewhere else but party here.
3	3.5 starsI cringed when I booked this room through Hotwire, but in some ways, I ended up being pleasantly surprised. Check-in was okay; we tried to check in around 11:30, but we were gonna get charged $20 for early check-in. We dropped our bags off at the bell desk, went out, and came back around 1:30, when our room was ready. We got a basic room. but it was a corner unit, so it was a little bigger than expected. It was a nice room: it was nicely decorated, had a flat screen HDTV, an iPod dock, and a comfy bed. It didn't have a fridge, which would've been nice. The resort fee includes wi-fi, which was reliable. The casino is on the smaller side. They try to pump a fragrance the same way Trump does, but it doesn't really mask the cigarette smoke. There are walkways to the nearby resorts, which is great because there isn't a lot of dining options in the Tropicana. There's a Starbucks, a tiny food court, a couple of nicer restaurants, and a 24 hour cafe tucked behind the casino. The elevators are pretty slow. And the in-TV menu didn't work.Overall, it was a good place to stay for the price. I'd consider staying here if I need an inexpensive option on the Strip, but for nicer amenities, I'll stay elsewhere.
4	Okay, we all know there are a lot bigger, newer and fancier places to stay on the strip but the Tropicana is a fine place to stay.I have stayed in both towers but prefer the Paradise Tower because its elevators open to the Casino floor. The rear tower is a longer walk but still not that bad cause you have a nice view of both pool areas as you walk between the Casino and rear tower. The rooms are clean and new with a fresh feel. I stay in non-smoking rooms. The bed is more than comfortable. Nice TV and desk area for laptop and writing. Bathroom is large and bright.Staff, in general are very helpful from the bellmen through registration to cocktail servers. Slots pay out pretty good.I like it enough to take them up on comped rooms whenever they offer them.Paradise Tower up front near Las Vegas Blvd. is right off the Casino floor and front of the property.
3	I stayed here with two girlfriends and everything was fine. The rooms are clean and the hallways smell like vanilla. We booked through Hotwire and got a really good deal.We only had two complaints about the room: the water in the shower takes a long time to warm up... like ten full minutes. Also, the lighting in the rooms is awful. The only decent lighting is in the bathroom but there were only two small lamps in the actual room.As far as food goes, there's not much to choose from inside the hotel, but there's a ton right across the street at MGM. I'm not a gambler but if you are, you probably want to go elsewhere. We didn't check out the pool but I've heard Nikki Beach is fun... maybe next time.
1	Horrible Vegas hotel. That said, I've stayed in a few places on the strip and this was the worst by far.  My wife and I came to Vegas with around 20 of our friends for our wedding. We had booked three rooms in our names and were quoted a price that when said on the phone we clarified that it included with resort fees and any other Crap fees they have hidden, she said yes its everything.  Go to check in and first off they say we are too early to check in, fine. To check in early is 20 bucks. So we held our bags there and they said they would call us around 130 to let us know our rooms are ready. We head out to the strip for lunch and to walk a bit. No call...around 230 we just go to the desk. Room is ready. We check in and our balance that was quoted over the phone, no longer the balance. They added on resort fees to all three rooms, 15.99 per room a night for 5 nights. By the way the resort fee is for free WiFi which I wouldn't be using and for the gym. Neither of which were going to be used. It's not that its a lot of money but getting charged twice for a service that isn't going to be used is ridiculous. Also there were other couples who were getting relocated to other hotels because tropicana overbooked... No comps. They waived the fees on one room.  The tower is a hike, the renovations are ok. We tried to take a nap but you can't the shades don't black out the rooms. The ac we set to 63 didn't go below 74. At one point was blowing out hot air. Just an all around horrible stay, the pool was heated. 95 out and the pool is heated.  Will never stay here again.
4	Just got back from a two night stay at the Tropicana.Check-in:  the attitude of the front desk staff person was okay, nothing great.  But, she did hook me up with a nice room - facing the pool and the Strip.  So that was sweet.  Wait time was about 15 minutes, normal for Las Vegas hotels.Decor of the Lobby and the Casino:  One of the best I've seen so far of Strip hotels.  Very light, tropical, colorful feel to it.Pool:  Very nice pool.  Worth the price of admission.Casino:  Played craps.  Dealers and pit bosses seemed to have an attitude.  I'd play elsewhere.Food:  Ate at the Beach Cafe and Pellegrino Pizza and Deli.  Food was good enough but tourist prices.People Watching:  Some nice eye candy.I'd give it more of a 3.5 stars than a 4.  I'd go back and stay again though, just for the pool and decor.
3	Ok, for being newly renovated...this place should be nicer!! It wasn't all bad but the elevators had no ac and that also included the hallways to your room! Weird!! The rooms itself weren't that bad but the ac in their wouldn't go any lower then 60 degrees and I am only complaining about that because it definitely didn't feel like 60 degrees!! The bathrooms weren't anything special at all, kinda blah! No room fridg., I thought those were a given in Vegas rooms... They are building a new pool, which looks like it will be pretty cool, but the guys working on it started their work at 8 am...ugh. Woke me up every morning...
1	This is a review solely for the casino. I was staying at the Palazzo and decided to check out the recent renovations as I always had a soft spot in my heart for this place as it's one of the remaining "old school" casinos on the strip. I was wondering if they ruined the old school feel.In a word, Yuck.The casino smells like really bad suntan lotion, I couldn't stay longer than 30mins before I had to run out of there. It might just be me but it seems like they have less slot machines than they used to have, and the ones they do have aren't the newest ones. I put $20 in a machine out of boredom, lost it promptly, and left.(Side Note: Near the check-in desk is this big open room surrounded by glass that only has a couple of chairs and a table in it. What the heck is that for? Looked like something out of a bad 70's movie.)I'm saddened by the changes...I understand that they are trying to appeal to the hipster college crowd now but that cheap suntan lotion smell in the casino is truly horrific.
4	I like coming here as it's not as crazy as the other casinos on the strip.  I love the poker room as it's quieter and staff knows us already, whenever we're in town we go straight here.Even though the hotel/casino has been refurbished, the slot machines were fairly new.  I have my own favorite and it gives me a little win each time I put my money in it!  Parking by the RPM was totally crazily planned...it will confuse you even when you're not even drunk! LOL!!!This place I like coming back every time I'm in Vegas! This place feels like 'home' away from home.
5	For service and an overall great experience, you cannot beat the hospitality of the Tropicana.  We have stayed here a few times and we just love the staff.  The rooms are big, modern and very comfortable.  We come out to Vegas at least three times a year and the Tropicana is probably one of the best experiences we have had.  Can't wait to get back.
4	I stayed here over the long Memorial Day weekend.  The renovated rooms are great for the price I paid for the duration of my stay.  Note that if you are staying in the Club Tower, it's a long walk from the check in desk but it is away from all of the noise of the The Strip.  The pool and its staff are wonderful.  One of the pools is being renovated but the pool complex is large enough that you can still enjoy the part that is open! I was a little disappointed in the casino.  It's not the best looking casino.
1	This Review is for the Hotel's Valet only. The hotel itself is pretty nice. As far as I know it is one of the older hotels on the strip and surprisingly clean looking on the inside. Anyway, was running a little late for the Laugh Factory tonight and decided to valet (something I usually do anywhere). As I make my turn into valet, BUMP!...damn I scrapped my car, which is weird cause I drive a regular infiniti (not lowered). I should've taken that bump as the first bad omen. Next, pull up to valet where there's a long line of cars, get out of my car and even though I make eye contact with the valet guy, it still takes 10 minutes for him to get to me to give me a ticket. That was strike 2, keep in mind that there wasn't anyone there and he was just moving cars up the long line. Strike 3? Strike 3 is trying to get my car back. I proceed to the valet area where there is a big mass of people (30+) waiting to get their cars. I go to the window to give my ticket, but that was pointless because of course no one is there. I then go outside and have to flag one of the valet guys to give him my ticket. A mass of people saw that I did that and had to do the same thing. After waiting about 15-20 minutes, I go up to the valet guy and ask nicely if he can tell me where in the car getting-line I am? He tells me, "we put everyone in order and if I stopped and looked it'll just make the wait longer." A little rude, but okay. 10-15 mins later..I am thinking to myself, why should i tip these guys? I usually tip $5, considering valet is free everywhere in vegas...I had a hard time being a nice guy and even shelling out 2 dollars for these dicks.So if you're gonna come to this hotel, just save your self the 45 minutes of waiting and self-park.
4	Great location, good value, for families/friends getaway.Tropicana is very well located on the strip - minutes walk to Mandalay Bay, New York New York, Excalibur, MGM and CityCenter; one of the closest hotels on the strip to the airport.Very affordable hotel, great value. It has a South Beach theme - relaxed and approachable. Although not luxurious, the room is nice, clean and comfortable enough. Free wifi and ipod/iphone dock are +s.  Since they just renovated, everything is kinda new.Overall it's a very decent choice for value-conscious families and friend getaways. I would not recommend it for romantic trips/honeymoons...
3	I'm pretty sure that those games are stacked in the casino's favor...My room was really pretty good for the money, except they tacked on a roughly $20 dollar 'amenities' fee for the pool and other shit I never used, mostly because I was in Vegas on business.  Oh well.  Wish I could expense the C note I dropped on the blackjack table.  WTF ever happened to $5 antes anyway? Also, I'm checking NO in the 'Good for Kids?' box.  Hey retarded parents:  Las Vegas is NOT GOOD FOR KIDS!  Go to Disney.
4	Upon booking the Tropicana for a recent trip to Vegas, I scoured Yelp and Trip Advisor for reviews. I have to say, most of them are dead on so I wasn't hit with any big surprises when we arrived. I emailed Nicole a few weeks prior to our trip to let her know we were celebrating a birthday and to request a room in the Paradise Tower, which is closest to the strip, as well as a fridge (which isn't usually included in Las Vegas rooms) to keep our alcohol and water. She was extremely friendly and accommodating and took care of us right from the start, even including the fridge free of charge!We arrived around 2PM on June 14 and luckily for us, no line up at check in. I was expecting the coconut scent that everyone talks about but I have to admit, upon entering it hit me like a ton of bricks! It's pretty strong and sweet smelling, but after a while you forget it's even there. We were greeted by Terry who was absolutely fantastic in ensuring we had everything we needed, he was so funny and friendly and took care of all of our requests. Our room was ready immediately which was great! Once we got to our room I was SO impressed. It was great size with a HUGE, comfy bed, great view, big (updated) bathroom, iPod dock, flat screen TV, and the temperature was just right. Unlike some other reviewers, we had no issues with our AC and even found it to be a bit chilly! We did have a small issue with the fridge not being delivered right away, but once I called the front desk they took care of it. Everyone we encountered at this hotel was great, from the housekeeping to the front desk to the restaurants and casinos. The small gift shop in front was perfect for picking up some energy drinks and Pepto Bismol and the overall feel of the hotel was bright and inviting. I have previously stayed at Planet Hollywood and Monte Carlo, but I actually enjoyed the more low key aspect of this hotel as it was a calm escape from the craziness in the middle of the strip. Everything was within walking distance, which made getting around extremely easy. We were so happy to return 'home' to our hotel at the end of the day. Perhaps my only complaint is the lack of ambiance in the evening. During the day, the bright white decor of the hotel is LOVELY compared to the darker, dingy hotels on the strip. But in the evening it felt weird. The pool was FABULOUS, we had no issues finding spots and the drinks were perfectly cool and refreshing!Unfortunately, we did not spend too much time at the hotel nor did we check out the shows or restaurants (with the exception of Starbucks and Beach Cafe), but it looked like it had a ton to offer. I was fortunate enough to enjoy the spa and it was GREAT! The staff really go above and beyond at Tropicana, even tweeting me and calling up to our room to wish my boyfriend a Happy Birthday. Overall, I really enjoyed this hotel. I have an issue with everyone complaining about the resort fee. This is typical in Las Vegas and almost all of the hotels do it. If you don't like it, stay somewhere that advertises NO resort fee! Otherwise, don't complain. We were prepared for it and we used the pool facilities as well as the free wifi so it wasn't a big deal to me. Great job Tropicana!! I will be recommending this hotel to my friends and family!
2	Well, it pains me to write such a bad review. I have been coming here alot since last year right after the renovations, and its been about 6 months since my last trip here.There have been several things that have really turned me off, they are:Weak Air Conditioning in my roomHorrible WiFiBuffet @ Beach Cafe now charges for toast.....I dont even know what to say.The last thing that really REALLY got me is that they decided to replaceThe white granite flooring in the elevator this morning, and the jack hammers were kicking up granite particles which severely irritated my nose and eyes. There was absolutely nothing in place to separate the workers from guests. I sure hope the Trop looks at things a little closer, and steps it up....last year i was blown away with the service and how enjoyable my stays were.....cant say the same now. Ill be back in a couple months so I hope things improve.
4	Having stayed at the Tropicana on our honeymoon 5 years ago, I have a bit of a soft spot for the joint.The newly renovated rooms are great. We stayed in a room in the Paradise tower (at the front above the casino) and we had a great view across to NY NY and a little bit further down the strip. The bed was comfy and the bathroom was nice. The wi-fi was pretty quick. No fridge in the room which sucked. we did request one but i wasn't going to pay an extra 10 bucks a night for one. It was nothing a couple of daily trips to the ice machine couldn't fix.The pool area was great. no complaints.The Casino itself wasn't bad. Can be a bit hard to got on a blackjack table during the evening but other than that it was good. Cocktail waitresses did go missing at times but when you finally got one to come past, a nice first up tip ($5) helps to keep them close by.
4	Had a family wedding to attend this past weekend and most everyone was booked into "The New Tropicana."  I would never opt to stay at this end of the strip as it is a long schlep to the bumpin part. The monorail doesn't even come this far so you have to walk over to the MGM to catch it.Well I was more than pleasantly surprised by the remod. Looks great, even smells great. My room was spacious and looked out on the strip as I was in the Paradise Tower, which BTW is closest to the casino and front door. No fridge, but I hear you can rent one for $10 per night. What was most impressive was the friendly staff. Everyone from the two check-in ladies, to the convenience store and house cleaning staff were all smiles. They really did a great job on their hires. The pool area has also undergone a remod and while it ain't the Wynn pool, it is very nice with plenty of shade for pale faces like me. The lounge is conveniently located by the Paradise Tower elevators, and the band jamming there on Friday - Sunday was a funky good time. We spent around an hour there all three nights before going out for the evening. Would I stay here again? Would not be my first choice because of the location, but if family or friends were already booked I would gladly join in again.
1	I signed up for Tropicana email alerts for special offers. I was sent an email offering a wonderful rate that happened to coincide with the dates of my stay. I booked a 4 nights stay, THOROUGHLY read the terms and conditions BEFORE submitting my credit card information online. I must note that the Terms and Conditions CLEARLY stated that my credit card would immediately be charged the rate of my 1st nights stay. After clicking submit to confirm my reservation, I was directed to a new webpage that stated that my credit card had been charged the FULL amount of my 4 night stay! I immediately called the reservation line and spoke to a receptionist and then to a manager, James. He stated that there was no way to change my deposit amount or cancel my reservation. I explained to the manager that I always read the Terms and Conditions and that there was NO language stating that I was to "DEPOSIT" the FULL amount. I am shocked at the misleading emails and completely false terms and conditions that Tropicana themselves do not abide by. Business tactics like this should be illegal. There must surely be a better way to attract business and guarantee bookings than forcing and misleading consumers.Thank you Tropicana.
2	There were 5 of us for a 21st birthday. I booked 3 rooms for 3 nights.  We valet parked so therefore the bellman brought our bags up to the room which took almost an hour!!.The next morning i realized my GHD flat iron and a brand new curling iron was missing, giving them the benefit of doubt I had my husband check the car to make sure it wasn't in there, and it wasn't. So going to the storage room where your stuff is supposed to be stored until they bring it to your room we noticed all along the front parallel to the entrance there were several carts with no one around the guys coming inside and out so very easy for someone to help themselves to your belongings which obviously they did. After filing a report it was basically my word against theirs well I guess you can figure out the rest! I've never been treated like this before  they got very defensive and offered no compensation whatsoever!! Also the food was hardly edible in the beach cafe and we tried twice! Once again the waiter was not attentive and worse yet when the manager came by she had the worst attitude. So not only did I pay the valet and the bellman (very well I might add) I paid them to have my belongings stolen and not even an apology  needless to say they will never get my business again!!
3	Well, cosmetically, the Tropicana has done a pretty decent job with the renovations.  It no longer is an eyesore, no longer has the weird smell. It has a South Beach/Cuban motif, with orange and white being the primary colors. Since the remodel,  Priceline and some of the third party vendors classify it as a 4 star hotel.  I'd tend to disagree with that ranking, however, Self parking is strange.  There is no parking garage, just a lot, and the arrows indicating which direction to drive are mis-marked. This led to some driving and parking frustration. The check in process was smooth and quick, and the clerk was very pleasant.  We opted to upgrade to a suite for an extra $75 for our two night stay.  The suite was in the Club Tower, which was quite a hike from the front of the hotel, but we know that long walks are often to be expected in larger hotels.  When we arrived at our floor, however, the hallway was HOT- as if the air conditioning was broken.  Additionally, there was an unpleasant, musty odor.  While this state improved by the next day, it was still unpleasantly warm and still had a bit of a smell.The suite was nice enough. Large, with a couch, chaise lounge countertop, small fridge, and barstool in the living area, and a king sized bed and lounge in the bedroom.  There was one bathroom, with double sinks, and a shower. There was no separate water closet- the toilet was in the area with the shower.  The shower was a bit on the small side for a suite.  The view was of the airport.There were a few glitches within the room.  One of the sinks had no water pressure when using hot water- it came out in a trickle.  The worst was the air conditioning unit- it was LOUD.  Every time it kicked on, it was as if a 747 jet engine revved up in our room.  As you can imagine, sleep wasn't all that restful.The dining options in the Tropicana are rather limited.  There is a steakhouse, an Italian restaurant, a coffee counter that served Starbucks, and something they called a "food court." The food court was really sad.  It was nothing more than a fast food counter that served up pre-prepared pizza, sandwiches, and burgers along with a frozen yogurt counter.  The food didn't look appetizing, so we always left the hotel to eat.For the price we paid for the room plus the upgrade, I would have much rather had a regular room at a nicer hotel. While the Tropicana has improved, it is not a 4 star property.
4	We literally booked the Tropicana when we landed in Vegas on this handy hotel app and we got the room for $30/night. Not too shabby since the rest of our bachelorette party peeps weren't coming in until the next day and we wanted to keep it cheap. I was a little skeptical about staying here since this hotel is super old but their recent remodel actually made our stay quite nice. The hotel decor is ultra swanky and hip, you couldn't even tell that this hotel is over 50 years old.The three of us got a room in the Club Tower and I thought the room was decent sized, clean, and up to date with the times. I have absolutely no complaints about the Tropicana so for a cheap option, I'd consider staying here again. The Tropicana's location is on the south end of the strip so it's a little far from all the new popular hotels in town so expect to spend moolah on taxis if you're going to the mid/north end of the strip.
3	We got a good deal on Priceline using that name your price deal. When we arrived we also did the $20 tip trick. (we were told we were getting 1 bed on the 3rd floor, but when we asked for any complimentary upgrades, we got upgraded to the 21st floor with a strip view and 2 queen beds.) Apparently Tropicana went thru a $180 million dollar renovation. It definitely looks nicer but don't get me wrong it's by far the Wynn or Venetian. Our room was nice, the decor was updated, and the bed and pillows were comfy. I gave this place 3 stars for 1) being on the 21st floor you would think you wouldn't hear much of the street noise, but I was wrong. I could NOT sleep because all night I was hearing police sirens.. Not just once or twice... ALL night! Being fairly high up in the hotel I thought the noise level would be somewhat diminished, but it woke me up every time. And also woke my deep sleeper of a sister. 2) no matter how low I made the temp on the air conditioner it never cooled the room down, we were always throwing our covers off complaining about hot it is in the room 3) the shower head was very weak and 4)the casino is fairly small. Would I stay here again? I particularly prefer to stay on the north side of the strip. Tropicana is a bit far from a lot of the better areas of the strip. We had to take cabs to most places unless you enjoy walking through all the casinos OR in the heat. The hotel is walking distance to MGM, New York New York, and Excalibur. But, if the prices/rates were decent I might consider it.
4	I don't really know what everyone is complaining about? Perhaps we stayed in two very different hotels. My experience at the tropicana recently was awesome. We will definitely stay again. The new decor is so nice and we had a great time walking around in this ultra luxe interior. The pool is very clean (which is rare for pools in vegas) and super nice for lounging. The rooms are very nice and we didn't get any noise pollution.We do wish they would have been a little more flexible with their early check-in (Monte-Carlo is always flexible), but at the time EDC was going on so I'm sure they didn't have much wiggle room. Anyway, I highly recommend this hotel!
5	Very nice how they did the renovation. Came here on a Sunday after we couldn't stand another night in Laughlin.. Was glad to see we could get an emergency room in Vegas for about  45 bucks. The great thing about it is that they don't even charge you for a room deposit. Everyone was so accommodating to us even the the valet who helped me find my drivers license.Nice thing that they have a nightclub (with the young crowd) so you can actually get smashed and not have to worry about driving back to your hotel. No cover charge for hotel guess.Check out was great the next day because they let us stay an extra hour with no charge. (especially helpful after going hard the night before)My only complain is that they're parking needs to be upgraded... Impossible to find parking at night as its only one level, forcing me to do valet everytime. But I guess it's Vegas and valet Is free everywhere (except pH. They suck there in valet for non-hotel guest)
4	I didn't stay at the Tropicana, but I might as well have. My friend stayed here for 7 nights, and I was in her room quite often. I became acquainted with the hotel and almost felt like I stayed there myself. It was cheap for her, but we were all surprised by how nice it was. The Tropicana is not a high-end Vegas hotel, but it is perfectly fine for people that won't be spending a lot of time in their room, or would rather have shopping money. The room was a good size with a large flat screen TV. The bed was incredibly comfortable. The decor wasn't that gross kind of decor you expect from La Quinta or something similar. The bathroom had a huge sink area and a large bathtub - perfect for soaking in after a long day of shopping.The pool area was my favorite. Good music, good size, not too crowded. It's very pretty down there, and a good pool for people that don't like to be shamed by all of the implants and models at places like the Cosmo or even Caesar's. Tropicana does charge a resort fee, but their free Internet had a good speed. Overall this is a great place to stay on the cheap. Get water, snacks and food from a place other than the store downstairs though.
4	Stayed here mid July 2012 on a weekend. I was able to snag a 3 nights for $150 deal through Facebook. Overall I was satisfied with our stay but this hotel seems more like hotel for "older folk". When you first walk you feel like your at a hospital because its really bright and white. The renovations are noticeable and the rooms are comfy. Won a bit of money on black-jack and roulette. The coconut/smoke mixture in the air got annoying after the 2nd day. Resort fee is 15 dollars which is less than a majority of the other resorts. The light let in from the blinds didn't really bug me. I would recommend this hotel if you are on a budget.Pros-Check-in was fast.-Hotel does not get crowded (like other hotels).-Room was nice.-Pool area is nice even though it was a mixture of older and younger folk. Cons-Our room felt like it was miles from the casino floor.-Bathrooms didn't seem so remodeled to me.
2	Pool closes at... well there is no sign, but it was closed by 7pm.  What is that resort fee for if this is just daycare?  Leave Vegas and try to find any "four star hotel" that closes the pool so early... never mind a place where the pool is the biggest selling point.I'm pretty sure even econolodge has a coffee pot in the room... at the Tropicana it is $20 a potful, ordered from room service.The Trop is a deep misunderstanding of what a four star hotel is supposed to be.
2	We received this room by booking on Hotwire.  We thought we were booking a 4 star room and apparently since the Tropicana was remodeled, it is now 4 stars. DISAGREE.  I would give the room a strong 3 stars but no more.  Room was clean, which was most important but nothing more than that.  One of the biggest frustrations was that there were NO BLACKOUT CURTAINS! After a long night, being woken up to the sunshining in the room at 6am was a bit frustrating to say the least and a main factor we wouldnt stay there again.
4	I for one was totally impressed with the Tropicana. We booked with expedia and stayed one night in the paradise tower. The room was properly appointed, and clean (carpet, tile, etc). I just loved the fact that I could open the windows! Such a trip in Vegas.  The casino is small, but a whole lotta fun! The dealers are pretty an the go go dancers work that little stage. The bar is fun too, the band and musician I saw were great. Totally kept the ladies moving and grooving. We had two meals at the Beach Cafe and those were both very good with nice service. I think it is fair to say that the Tropicana is a 3 star hotel with a 4 star rating. A good spot if you are traveling with a group, it is intimate enough that you will be able to find each other - both at the casino and the pool!
2	My wife and I along with another couple stayed over a weekend in November. At the time the check in desk area was in the middle of renovations. As were other parts of the hotel.My first complaint was that they put us in the second tower which is a long walk just to get to the casino, booze, fun etc. There is also no direct access to this tower from the parking lot. Pain in the arse!Our friends first room smelled of puke. So they moved them to another room. Fortunately only the bathroom smelled of vomit.The front desk employees had zero personality unless you consider "bitchy" a worthy personality trait. The rest of the staff were nice and seemed personable.The cost of the sodas in the vending machines made losing money at the Craps table seem inexpensive in comparison.Lastly, the parking structures looked like they were falling apart. There was literally a gap in the the road surface of the second floor of the garage that I could slip my arm through.If you are looking for a crash pad I guess the Tropicana will suffice. Otherwise, keep looking.
5	Excellent place to stay.  Just got back from my 3rd stay at the Trop and it didn't disappoint.  Israel who works at the front desk is amazing!  So nice and friendly.   Took very good care of us during our stay.  The Paradise Tower room was perfect yet again, very clean and a great view of the pool.  The only bad part was the weather for the first couple days we were there....rain??  Not the Trop's fault though.  We thoroughly enjoyed the pool on Wednesday and Thursday.  The pool is very large and there is plenty of seating whether you want sun or shade.   The Trop is a small casino but that's why I like it.  There isn't a lot of people milling around and check in is quick and painless (no waiting!)Can't wait to visit again :)
3	Pros:  Rooms are nice size, very clean (except for a few stains on carpet),  nice big bathtub, and plenty of towels.  Cons:  They tried to charge $22 for an early check in, check in line was so long it was ridiculous, the trek from the front of the hotel to the club tower rooms is at least a 5 minute minute walk through the smokey casino! Ice machine didn't work properly, iron leaked water on my clothes and the blow dryer only blew cold air.  I got a good rate on this hotel via Priceline, but I probably won't stay here again based on the long walk to the rooms.  The car valets are also pretty slow and self parking is just as far of a walk. Room service is pretty pricey $40 for a turkey club sandwich and fries!
5	This was my first time to Vegas without the parents and first time since I had turned 21 so I was pretty excited to be coming to celebrate my birthday here. It was also my bfs first time out of California ever so we had no idea what to expect.We got an amazing deal on groupon for this hotel which included a free bottle of wine. The checkin line was a bit long but the lady at the front desk was helpful. Our room was in the second tower which was quite a walk but our room was very nice. Very cold inside with a very large bathroom, king size bed and big flat screen. Our room wasn't too far from the elevator or the ice machine. The blinds are amazing! we woke up around 11am thinking it was still night until we checked the clock! Very dark and peaceful. It isnt close to all the "action" which is good because we had a nice quiet sleep, which we heard from another person we met on the monorail that where he was staying it was very noisy even at 4am (i forgot where he was staying)The only thing I had to complain about was how far we were walking wise to everything, I ended up getting a blister from all the walking but we would stay here again, I was confused about the checkout process and sent an e-mail to the hotel and they responded very quickly about how to checkout which was very helpful.Overall we had a fantastic stay and we are already planning our next trip to vegas and staying at the tropicana.
2	A lot of reviewers seem to like the Trop.  I guess it was OK but definately NOT a four star hotel.  It's clearly three stars.  Call a spade a spade, please. The hotel parking lot is accessable to anyone and is not secure.  Part of it should be secure and restricted to hotel guests only. Our car was vandalized and the security guys were clueless.  The hotel would not help with expense of replacing any of the damage even though we spent a ton of money in their restaurants and casino.If you go there, be sure to drive your cheap car.
4	Loved my stay at the Tropicana!Staff is nice and helpful. Our room was clean and well-maintained. The pool is just lovely and the hotel overall is very clean and modern.This was my first time staying here and I'd love to stay here again.My only two complaints:1. The parking structure is extremely small2. Our toilet kept making a loud noise every 5 minutes so we had to keep the door shut at all times or it became really annoying.Other than that, we had a great time!
3	Staff was super friendly.  I heard they remodeled it.  Very clean room.  Nothing fancy but you get what you pay for.  Better than some high end hotels I have stayed at.
5	I was really surprised at how great the Tropicana was, not that I had bad expectations or anything.  Stayed for four nights with some homies for the WSOP.  My room was very clean, they gave us a free upgrade to a city view, the a/c worked perfectly, and the entire hotel was spotless.The pool area was super crowded but we found some seats anyway, but wound up just hanging in the pool in the 120 degree summer drinking beers.  The music from the "MTV" type pool club thing they have there (Nikki Beach) was a bit too loud, I'll admit, but it sounded like people were having fun so who cares.  The main pool was crowded but did not feel like it in the pool itself, because it's so big.  There is also a big shaded area in the main pool with a blackjack table and bar.We ate at the pizza place inside and it was great, and there is a Starbucks in easy hangover distance from the elevators for your afternoon breakfast coffee.Check-in was super easy.Some minor things - there are no curtains, just wooden slats, but if you do Vegas right you really won't care and will wake up when you are supposed to anyway.  Our city view room was shiny at night, lights were lighting up at the MGM and there was also some kind of light - advertising going on on the side of the building itself, so a little bit of blinkies through the night.Also no coffee maker in the room, and the pool could have used a more attentive cleanup crew - there were cups and cans flying all over the place.  The parking lot is far from the lobby, but it was never a huge issue for us, even in the heat. Taxis you can get right outside the door.Small casino, older clientele, and far to walk from the strip were minor things that didn't really bother me, except once when we (wrongly) decided to try to walk home instead of taxi-it.Overall I would recommend this place, it was a great stay and there are definitely so many worse hotels in this price range, even more expensive, in Vegas that I dare anyone who has complained on Yelp to stay at, they'll be running back to the Tropicana crying and saying "Sorry Tropicana I love you!"
2	If I based my review on only the room itself, I would probably the Trop 4 or 5 stars.  For a somewhat renovated hotel, it is what it is, and would probably be worth staying at again for the value.  But, since all of us Yelpers base our reviews on the entire experience, let me expand why the Trop only gets two:My sister and I were celebrating our birthday weekend in Veags (we're twins) and had booked a Saturday night at the Trop via an online deal.  Excited, since we've never stayed there before but knew it was this famous place on the strip, we looked into good food around the area, and what else we can do that was close.  Having stayed at other hotels not in the middle of the strip before, discovering that the Tropicana was much more south than what was ideal, we made the most of it and understood there would be some travelling in the car.  Okay, no problem.  We made dinner reservations further up the strip and booked show tickets at Planet Hollywood.  We were set.We arrive in Vegas around 1:30pm, and decide to have lunch first before checking in, since it was too early to do so and our lunch reservation was North Strip.  After lunch and some games, we head down a little bit after 4pm (check-in begins at 3), and that's when the trouble starts.  4pm, and our room wasn't ready?  Hmmm, okay, how long, we ask?  About 45 mins to an hour.  Ugh.So, we take whatever is available, which is a smoking room (we had reserved a non-smoking one), and as the woman is giving us our keys, we hear the party checking in next to us getting keys for their NON-SMOKING room.  What???  We ask, are there no other non-smoking rooms left, even if we upgraded?  No, she said.  Nothing we can do about it... can't wait an hour for the other room because we had show tickets... so we headed to our smoking floor and our smoking room.Which, brings us back to the beginning.  Smoking room wasn't bad.  Had a bit of a smell but once you get the air going, it didn't linger.  The room was clean and the beds were comfy.  And the HD TV actually had an HD signal.  Awesome.So, next time, when you book, call ahead to see if the room is ready, and if you are doing things in the middle of the strip, stay closer to where you'll be.  The Trop, as cool as it was to actually stay there, isn't worth the trouble (or the trouble parking in the small garage), and you'll most likely think you're getting your money's worth elsewhere.
1	Stayed here last weekend for a girls trip.Horrible customer service.I will never stay again...But I might eat at the beach bar restaurant, the only good thing in this hotel.Front desk lady Melenda, was rude.
4	Pros: I have to say, I was surprised with the Tropicana rooms. I wasn't expecting them to be as big as they were. I went with a friend and we were in a 2 queen room. And there was still plenty of space, even after we scattered our things about as we seem to do. And it was a room with a view of what was once Club Nikki/Nikki Beach. The casino didn't smell of smoke as most of the casinos seem to. It smelled of something else, which to me, was a good thing, but a bad thing for my friend; I think the smell made her allergies act up. There was a good amount of food places on the way to the rooms, so that was convenient, as well as the coffee place right at the elevator bay and the 24-hour Starbucks and food court. Their food court was not the usual, with McDonalds and Pizza Hut or whatever they have. They had their own menu and was better than a run-of-the-mill food court. Con: Self park is a bit far from the front desk. And the front desk is a bit far from the rooms. The walks to the cabs and the rooms were horrible, especially in high heels and sober - You girls know what I'm talking about lol.
5	Wow!The Tropicana doesn't look anything like it used to.  It's outside appearance may have something to be desired in comparison to its much newer neighbors on the strip, but inside is where The Trop shines.The hotel and casino are bright, clean and fresh smelling.Their front desk agents are friendly and accommodating.  Slots are looser than most other casinos on the strip (I sat at one machine for over 4 1/2 hours with only my $20 initial investment).  Nice!If you're new to their players club, you get up to $200 back in slot play.  You can't beat that.I stayed at Planet Hollywood and had a very different experience.  I will definitely return to The Tropicana!!!
4	Had a good experience with there tropical looking rooms. A pretty big room for the basic room and it comes with a lounge chair. Their pool is spacious with a swim up bar. The pool also had a tropical theme, with a lot of chairs to lay out on, and plenty of areas for shade too. One annoying thing about Tropicana was that they don't have extended checkout and expect you to be out by 11am sharp. Used a Groupon deal but there's also daily fees which added about $43 to my stay. Overall good experience.
4	I used to think Tropicana was a dump but after the remodel, the place looks great! It looks really clean and modern inside, definitely a place you want to hang out.  Our party checked out the pool and had a great time! Good size pool, swim up blackjack, bar..I mean what else could you ask for? Food options looked amazing (I didn't eat here but saw all the places). A couple of friends had a room here and the room was also very nicely remodeled! Love gambling here for the cheap tables but looks nothing like before...go check it out! I think I might stay here next time I'm in Vegas!
3	It's Vegas with a Miami vibe/decor. Stayed 3 nights. Was originally going to stay in the Paradise Tower but ended up with a mini upgrade to Club Tower on 18th floor, big corner/quiet room overlooking the pool. Nice big tub/bathroom, great TV, decent sized sitting area, comfortable bed. Yes, it's a bit of a walk to the entrance/casino but if you're a pool person, was a quick ride down the elevator and out the door. Perfect!Great pool area because it's not your standard rectangle. It kind of meanders around different areas some which are shaded and also a swim up blackjack table. Also like the fact there's lots of grassy areas to drag your lounge chair onto and not have to sit jam packed like sardines on hot cement. Music is a bit too loud and after 3 days I could tell you what song was going to play at what time because it's on a loop. Can rent giant loungers that remind you of a king sized bed or a cabana. Also has an outside bar and servers which comes in handy. Good pour too although pricey. Had HH at the Ambhar lounge from 4-6 pm.Took advantage of the up to $200 free slot play if you lose. Unfortunately I did lose $200+ first night so received $100 play first night, $50 the next 2 nights. Ending up winning overall so it was a no brainer to sign up. Pretty good pay on the video slots & DH won playing blackjack. All employees we dealt with with very nice. Had no problem getting drinks comped no matter where we were playing. Sports book is huge and mostly deserted so easy to place a bet.Nice open, airy feel to the whole place. The aroma they pump in is kind of annoying at first but then you don't even smell it after a while. Some nice on site shopping kiosks that aren't too pricey. Didn't eat at any of the restaurants but the menus looked decent. Revamped steak house and new Italian restaurant that had a prix fixe meal at $30. Some say it has an "older" clientele. I found it to be be a very well mixed group from young to old and not at all pretentious. They did have dancers up on a table late at night to entice the gentlemen. Not my cup of tea.They were just opening a brand new pool area the weekend we left but I hear they're going to charge hotel guests because it's going to be open to the public as a "private" club. It looked beautiful but come on, you're going to charge your HOTEL GUESTS?Only complaints I have are: Noise level of the music and announcements all over the property and even the live band is incredibly ear shattering. Talked to more than one employee who wished they could wear earplugs. So loud in the Ambhar lounge finally gave up and moved to the bar next to the Sports Book. The first day literally could not talk to the person next to me in the lounge chair at the pool. Also, need a music loop that's longer than the 8-12 hours it currently is. Gets REALLY boring hearing the same music day after day. One of the bartenders said he was going to shoot himself about a month ago if he heard Ricky Martin sing Livin' La Vida Loca one more time :)Ticks me off to pay a "resort fee". Just raise the room rate. Didn't bring my laptop so that perk was useless. Didn't use the gym.  They say it covers use of the pool. REALLY! Also was supposed to be for printing boarding pass and HH at the bar but I noticed anyone could use these "perks". Stop charging resort fees!Not enough older quarter slots. Could find only ONE double diamond machine.Would probably stay here again though if I could get a decent rate. Rates 3 1/2 stars.Just a quick aside regarding taxis in Vegas: They long haul on a regular basis. Always ask for the "cheapest" route. We paid $14.50 from the airport, friends paid $24 and then we paid $11.10 back. Also got pulled over by the state taxi "police" because a driver was long hauling us from downtown back to the Trop. Bad, bad, bad.
3	This place is tiny! It really lacks the pizazz of the bigger resorts. Seriously, I don't know how this hotel is a 4-star hotel. Is it because they renovated?!?! It looks like a huge bottle of white-out threw up on the exterior of the place. Also, remind me why I'm paying a resort fee of $14.99 per night?!?! I would have never considered this place a resort. Stupid priceline! I should have never bid on a hotel. LOLAnyways, the room was not as updated as I thought it would be. Although the bed was how I like it...white and fluffy with down comforters, the bathroom left much to be upgraded. It felt like a cheesy motel bathroom. The fixtures on the sink and bathroom were not new or shining. And the tiles were an ugly dull yellow color. And surprisingly we had no coffee maker. Really?!?! What happened? Even the maid came by to give us stuff for our coffee maker but our room didn't have one. :/ Also, on our first night there the ice machine on our floor was outta ice/broken, I'm not sure which one so I made the trek to the 4th...OMG! Seriously...no ice! I had to go up to the 5th floor just to get some ice because when I asked room service they would've charged me 5 bucks to get ice for me. :( Boo! They have a food court which I was expecting to see like at Excalibur, Monte Carlo, and New York New York with McDonald's, Starbucks, etc. BUT what you get is like a cafeteria. They have a bunch of menus sitting in front of the cashier for different cuisines and then you wait and wait for your food at the tables provided. My friend ordered a slice of pizza and still had to wait although they have 6 pies waiting under the heat lamp. Yes, seriously! :/ Boo!As for gambling, I went around the hotel to see what games they had and came back around in 5 mins. They really don't have a huge gaming floor. Although I did like their offer for new player club members...in slots, (example) if you lose $200 they give you half back ($100) the same day in playing credit. That's not a shabby incentive to gamble more. Of course only for NEW members! Let's start crackin'! :)I probably won't stay here again because they really didn't have much to offer me, but at least the location is centralized. You can walk across to Excalibur and take the free trams to Mandalay or Luxor. :) Or like me...be glad you have a car rental. LOL
1	If you are looking for rude casino staff, halls that smell like cat urine and a terrible pool (don't believe the pics) than the Tropicana is your hotel!!!This is one of those cases where you get what you pay for.  We will not return.
3	This review has been a long time coming, as I have now stayed at the Trop twice since the renovation.  What brings me back...the price.  The Trop has really cleaned up their act and is now a respectable place to stay.  I like the clean white Miami vibe.  They are really making an effort to keep this hotel alive.  The new furnishings in the room are nice, hallways look great, beds are a major upgrade and comfy, plus new flatscreens & ipod dock.  The only thing I don't like about the new rooms is I just wish they had re-done the tile in the bathroom.  The pool grounds are still gorgeous.  Before the renovation I would say the Trop was on the implode list, but now I hope it stays around a while.
4	I really enjoyed this hotel. I've stayed at Treasure Island, MGM, and now the Tropicana and I really enjoyed it the most. TI was nice but the bathroom was very small and the shower/tub was pretty tight space wise. Also it was a pretty loud casino with expensive table games and not a whole lot of character. MGM was nice, but SOO BIG. Finally by the third day or so I knew where I was in the casino. The rooms were nice in this hotel, but again I didn't like the bathrooms too much. Very modern but only a shower. I like the tub option!Tropicana, however was such a nice relaxing place to stay. They had these great bathtubs and nice plantation shutters in the room which gave them a warm feel. They had new flatscreen TV's too! The fitness center was very nice, I went to that a couple times and also the pool was a lot of fun. The resort fee here is only 15 dollars (20 at most other places on the strip).ONE MAIN CRITICISM: not much food in the hotel! The Beach Cafe was OK but not great, there are a couple expensive places we didnt try, and the "food court" is pretty terrible. The yogurt place and Starbucks were nice to have, but otherwise they need to add more food stuff! Good trip though. I'd stay there again.
5	Don't know where the the people that left negative reviews stayed but it wasn't here. Boy has this Casino changed it's reputation! What a beautiful property. Stayed here for our 20th anniversary and it was so beautiful, clean, brand new, smelled like coconuts everywhere! No stinky in this place.  AMAZING BEDS & huge ROOMS!!! They definitly succeeded at that Miami feel. The pool was gorgeous! Great music at the pool for us 40 something people & nice guests as well. We were treated very well everywhere we went, saw the Mob Attraction which was so much much fun. Honestly if we didn't get the discount coupons for it we probably woulda missed it but I'm glad we went, it was so worth the money. The actors were fabulous! I will be staying here again. I love this place. Oh BTW, the breakfast Buffet was incredible, very fresh & so much to choose from! YOU DO GET WHAT YOU PAID FOR AND MUCH MUCH MORE! We only spent $250 for 3 nites over a weekend on a Groupon deal and got 5 Star service! Great Job Trop!
4	This place rocks.... Checking in was quick and easy. Luckily when we showed up there was only about 2 or 3 people ahead of us - we got our room keys and were upstairs less the 30 minutes after parking. Cheap prices (thanks HotWire) for awesome, clean, and comfy rooms... The Tropicana was just renovated a while back (they spent about 180 million I believe) and it shows. Everything is clean, fresh, and new. The casino itself was small but easy to navigate. The pool was cool - I guess - I don't really come to Vegas to chill by the pool so I spent less time there then the rest of my group - I was busy playing craps from casino to casino and drinking. The rooms are nicely put together and the bed was really really awesome. I had no problem passing out in it. Food at Trop food court is a 5 at best on scale from 1-10 so you might wanna be prepared to eat elsewhere - but that's not hard to do when your surrounded by eateries every which way up and down the strip. My only issue was that the room's were a little far from the parking lot & front desk area. The resort fee includes free parking and wifi which is nice when your in your room. I've heard some other resorts charge 10-20 bucks a day per device for wifi (like the Cosmo, Vdara) and around the same price for parking. Overall I had an awesome time on my Vegas Vacation and would stay here again without a doubt.BTW - if you book on HotWire the Tropicana is the 4 star south strip property with Free Parking and Free Wifi listed.
1	Very bad experience...be careful. While the newly remodeled hotel looked nice and didnt smell like smoke...we waited 4 hours for our room to become available. Good thing we arrived on Friday for our Saturday wedding. Some of our other guests, including my folks were not so lucky. They had to arrive on Saturday due to work schedules...also waited for 3+ hours for their room for a wedding that was to begin at 6PM. Just as my niece was about to use the lobby bathroom to get ready...my parents room became available. It all worked out.....but God forbid you complain about it.....they offered us $100 in free food which lasted 15 seconds...lol....so when we tried to complain, we were reminded several times that we were compensated.We will NOT return or recommend that hotel.....with that type of customer service, they do not deserve to be in business!
4	I remember my fiancee told me at the time that she stayed at the Tropicana a few years ago and remembered the tropical bed sheets. A coworker told me that she stayed there a few years ago and it was "ghetto".Well for my bachelor party we stayed there through a deal we got online. So it wasn't expensive at all. The remodeled the place a few years ago and its really nice. It's got that Miami feel to it. The rooms were clean and the hotel itself was pretty posh in my opinion. The hotel gave us adjoining rooms, which was nice sinc 2 hours after checking in one of my friends misplaced his room key. Nice job jerk!The front desk people were nice. We arrived from the airport at 10 am and we were given our room around 10:30 AM for an additional $20. I thought it was money well spent so we took it and crashed there and took a quick nap.As for the casino, it's smaller than most of ther casinos but they do offer what everybody wants. Table games and slot machines. The convience of having a bridge that connects to two other casinos are a plus, your not stuck wasting money at the two expensive restaurants they have there.I think the biggest downfall of this wonderful place was the fact that they are a little far away from the main action of the strip. So if you want to see the water show at the Bellagio, than you might want to either walk up there during the night, or take the monorail tram from the MGM to the Flamingo and walk across the street to watch the show. If you take a cab to go down the strip, it might cost more since the only road to get into the Trop is Tropicana Blvd. Overall the rooms were nice, and the place itself was great. I had no complaints at all. The staff were great and professional. The wifi is pretty weak, my phone was useless in the rooms. The shower head is basically made for a person who isn't taller than 5 feet 7 inches. Me being six feet, I had to bend down quite a bit to wash my hair.And if your wondering about winning money at the casino there...good luck. How the heck does a dealer hit a 21 on six cards three straight times!?
4	I was pleasantly surprised by how nice this hotel was for how little I paid on a Saturday night (around $70 total). The room was nice, and the bed was comfortable...I could tell they did some upgrades because everything looked new.
2	On the surface, a not bad hotel. Not in a great location, not a big Vegas extravaganza, almost Kimpton in it's redesign. But don't let the surface details fool you-this is a varnished cardboard mock up of a nice hotel. All the details are as cheap as possible, and you'll be nickle and dimed in unexpected ways, and screwed to big dollars signs in the ways you'd expect.  And the spa? I walked put after being kept waiting for 25 minutes for my appointment, so I can't speak to the actual experience (that was the hotel's unforgivable moment)Tropicana is lipstick on a pig. Expect nothing, and it's probably worth staying here
4	Came here for a show in June for Dancing With the Stars and the lobby area really appealed to me- the relative calmness (I like balance). So when it came for me to help my friend find hotel rooms for her birthday this weekend, I wanted to stay here- plus found a good deal online. Arrived around 2 PM & found that the registration line was starting up. Had a trainee get our rooms, but the manager helped us do a mini upgrade to get two conjoined rooms in the Club Tower. Perfect, since we wanted to visit the pool a few times during our stay. We were pretty sure that the online special we got included the resort fees, but the manager comped us anyways. So nice of him! In no time, we were in our rooms and they were lovely. I've stayed in a few hotels on the Strip (Excalibur, Sands, Caesar's, Monte Carlo) and I liked how refreshing it was, really liked the shutters- nice touch. Had a nice view to the pool area and a New York skyline. Never touched/turned on the tv, but it looked like a nice size. Loved the ipod docks- good motivator while getting ready for the evening... and the mirrors! Plenty of them to check and recheck yourself before going out.People say that the bathrooms looked a little outdated, but I disagree. Yes, they used oddly warm colors, but it was spacious and the fixtures worked fine, that's all I need. I remember them saying there would be complimentary waters, but I didn't see any on neither day. Hmmm... The pool area is nice, but smaller than I thought. We had trouble finding chairs (looks like people stake them out all day), but eventually people started clearing out. The jacuzzi jets were oddly loud and awkward- I couldn't talk to the person next to me. Strange. We never ate at the hotel, since we did the 24-hr buffet, so I cannot comment on the restaurants. We did get some drinks at the bar & the girls were pretty nice there.The Club tower was a bit far of a walk- wished there was an easier and faster way to get to the parking lot! We saw Thunder From Down Under across the bridge the first night we got there, so that was super helpful in terms of location.  Overall, I really liked staying at a chill, quiet room after clubbing & drinking all night.
5	This hotel is great!  I visited here in April 2012.  The entire hotel was completely renovated.  The hotel is the perfect size for us.  It is one of the smaller strip hotels, which means no huge crowds of people jamming up the hotel who aren't staying at the hotel.  It has all the amenities of the mega hotels, but on  a smaller scale.  Every room is close to the pool and restaurants, unlike some of the mega hotels where you have to walk a mile through the casino to get to the pool or restaurants.  The pool is very nice, and never crowded like some other big hotels  It has great restaurants, and a 24 hour food court.  We enjoyed all of them.  It also has a spa and gym.  It is in close proximity to many large and theme  hotels such as New York, Mandalay Bay, MGM, Luxor, and Excalibur.  The city monorail that runs the length of the strip is right across the street at MGM.  There is also a monorail across the street at Excalibur connecting it to Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  The price for this hotel is comparable with some other strip hotels that are not as sleek or  recently renovated.  Put this all together with a great price and it gets 5 stars.Rooms  5 stars. Just renovated.Casino 4 stars.  Small, but fun atmosphere, table games are full at night, lots of energy.Restaurants 4 stars. Two upscale steak, and Italian both very nice.  One casual poolside cafe that's great for lunch.Pool 5 stars.  Close to rooms, never too crowded like Caesar's or other big hotels, big pool with shaded area under a roof.
3	Again like the Luxor, it's undergone and still undergoing some major renovations. I don't know what the rooms look like, but the front desk and some of the gaming area has been newly redone.  And it looks pretty nice, it's no Cosomo nice, but it's no Harrah's bad.They are also adding a Bagatelle, which we've all been waiting with baited breath to see how this changes the Nikki Beach debacle that occurred there previously.  This place is infamous for crazy brunches in NYC [Google it] I think it's supposed to open at the end of the month.  But definitely missed pool season on this one.Sports book was a lot nicer than I envisioned too, albeit it was subarctic temperatures in there.  The hole casino smells like that carpet Vanilla powder that your mom used to put down before she vacuumed in the 80's, maybe it's just me. But it smells very strongly of vanilla covering up booze and cigs, in other words, not that great.
3	**Casino Review Only**Tropicana has gone through a major a renovation to keep up with the times. The flooring and the ceilings have been upgraded, new paints on walls has a coconut scent pumped throughout the casino. Casino: The dealers here are very friendly and lots of action going on in the middle part of the casino. Also they have people that massage you while gambling and plenty drink waitresses when I was gambling the slots.The casino renovation has really paid off to fit in with the theme but the coconut scent was just too strong for me, even compared to the Mirage and Mandalay Bay's air scent system. Some parts if the hotel are still in the 70's and 80's area with the low ceilings that would make a 6' person want to bend when walking under it. Also popcorn ceilings are still around so this property has a ways to go with the overhaul.The Tropicana is considerd a mid rated casino compared to the surrounding casinos like MGM and Mandalay Bay, so the comps here are pretty generous but have yet to try it because I mostly stay in my base hotel Mirage.Entertainment options can be better and not enough adult attractions for a party a goer but the use to have Nikki Beach but that failed. Tropicana needs more options for the younger crowd if it wants to be reinvent itself as a hip resort.
4	We got a package deal for the Tropicana. While we were waiting to check in the line had gotten pretty long, so they passed out water to everyone. We requested a non-smoking room and our room smelled like cigar smoke. I called them after we unpacked and they offered us a room move, but I told them that it was okay if they had housekeeping put an ozone machine in while we were out. Our room was very clean and had a nice garden tub pefect for relaxing in. The pool was also very clean, we didn't get a chance to swim there though. Everyone here was super friendly, from the front desk, to the candy store lady, the spa, housekeeping, and in room dining. I've worked in hotels before and the service was top notch.I used the spa twice and they honored the 20% off that came with our package both times. The first time I went was to wax my eyebrows for the wedding we were attending. The next day we enjoyed an awesome couples massage. We ordered in room dining and ate at the cafe and all of our food was fresh and tasty.We would certainly reccomend this hotel to our friends and family. I think this hotel location is perfect as well. We could walk most of the strip."Posted: Sat, Oct 13, 2012
2	The newly remodeled casino is nice, and so glad they kept the famous old ceiling.  Craps had $5 min when I visited.  So why the two stars?  Well, we had stayed here eons ago, liked it ok given the age of this place, and were drawn in to the 'your first $200 is on us' promotion.  Sounded too good to be true.  When we signed up, it still sounded too good.  The gotcha came after we tried to get our $200 losses - it is redeemed to you in forced play credits, i.e., the $200 is not handed to you, you have to cycle thru those credits again.  And given the lousy payouts on the slots, we came out very far in the red.So avoid the deceptive promotion, and you might enjoy this place ok.  Me and my wife will never step foot in here again.
4	We have just returned after 7 nights at the Tropicana. We had a fantastic stay and I would highly recommend anyone to stay at this hotel! This was our 2nd trip to Vegas and having previously stayed at the Signature we really preferred this end of the strip!We had a city view room in the paradise tower, our room looked out over MGM and a little bit of NYNY. The room was a good size with a super comfy bed and lounging sofa. The bathroom whilst as many other reviews have stated has not been fully updated (low shower / old bath) we didn't find this an issue. If anything the shower was at least powerful and hot a great way to wake up after the previous days frozen margaritas! The toiletries weren't all that great but we had taken out own so weren't too bothered by this!The pool area was stunning with plenty of beds to choose from and enough shady areas to escape the midday sun. It also played some great music to pass away the hours! Towels are provided free of charge!Onto the casino was small but had enough games/slots to keep us entertained. We did however spend most of our evenings out and about on the strip but it was nice to return to the relaxing atmosphere of the trop at the end of the day. The food options are quite limited but we enjoyed the breakfast buffet in the beach cafe along with late night snacks in the tiny but perfectly formed 'food court'. Also having a Starbucks on site was great for the daily caffeine kick start!Finally the coconut smell they pumped into the casino honestly I loved it... I'm not a smoker so the smell of stale smoke in the casinos can get a bit much and to enter a casino that actually smells good makes a refreshing change!
4	We had a great time.  They did a good job remodeling the place.  Our room in the Club Tower was pretty sweet.  The bed was soooo comfy and our bathroom was spacious.   The fitness center weas awesome.  It's located in the spa, and while using their brand new, fancy-schmancy gym equiment, you look out through floor-to-ceiling windows at the pool area.  Great people watching :)  Plus, they had ice water and fruit in the gym, and it was so clean and new and did not smell like a gross sweaty gym.    The folks at the front desk and at the Chill'em Bar (where I spent some time :)  were very nice and gracious hosts.  You can use your cup from there to go get discounted refills at Caesar's and Harrah's, too, so that was cool.     We saw two weddings take place at the hotel while we were there and both appeared to be very beautifully set up.   The place had an exciting busy-ness about it, but was not overly crowded, which was nice.
4	I'm only basing my review on the general hotel and casino since I didn't have a room here... this place is really swanky and nice now that they've done the renovations in the past couple of years. I really like the brightness and tropical feeling... the place really does have an old Vegas meets Cuba feel to it without being too cheesy.
4	Just got back from a four-night stay at the Trop.  We stayed in the new tower and our room was very nice.  The beds were super comfy.  The restaurant options were limited, we ate at the steak house.  The food was pretty good, and expensive.  As part of the resort fee, you get wifi and parking.  I didn't get to enjoy the spa or the pool though the pool looks pretty nice.  I would definitely stay here again.
5	My boyfriend and I decided we wanted a weekend away for his 30th birthday and figured what better place to spend it than Sin City?  When searching around for hotels, we were having a hard time that fit our desire for a nice place to stay and our low budget.  We finally settled on the Tropicana, with no real expectations.When we arrived, we were so pleasantly surprised.  We were there during the renovations, so not everything was open, but it didn't matter to us.  Our room was brand new and gorgeous, it is on a great location on the strip, and we paid about $40 per night after the ridiculous discount we got.  We had such a blast on this trip and the Trop will always have a place in our hearts.
4	All in all it was nice but not impressive.  I got a good deal on our room so, for the price, we were quite pleased.  If I had paid full price I would have been disappointed.Staff:  Everyone was very nice and helpful. Check in and check out was quick.  Bell service was fast and friendly as was valet service.  We called housekeeping for a blanket and it was delivered quickly and with a smile. Rooms:  The room was fresh, clean and nice enough but nothing to get super excited about.  The bed was very comfortable but the only bedding was a comforter sandwiched between two sheets.  This is the reason we requested a blanket.  We're used to having a coffee maker in the room and they didn't provide one which was annoying.  The did have free wifi but I had to call tech support to get it to work.  That only took about 5 min tho and it worked great after that.  The bathroom was clean and newish but I couldn't turn the water on in the tub without help from my husband.  You had to pull REALLY hard to get it on.  The worst was my pet peeve - the shower head was installed for Hobbits.  At 5' 8" I had to bend way over to wash my hair.  I really hate that a lot.  Also, the morning we got up to leave the lights in the bathroom wouldn't turn on at all.  We were in a hurry so we just turned on the light right outside the bathroom and made do.  Entertainment & Food:  Not much offered. The Laugh Factory had 2 for 1 tickets for those staying there and we might have gone but the only night there was a show we had tickets to a concert already.  The Mob thing didn't interest us at all.  The restaurants were a bit to pricey and the hours limited.    There wasn't even a fun place to go have a few drinks.  We spent most of our time over at New York New York or MGM.  They're both just a short walk away and they have so many places to choose from for drinks and food that everyone could find a place they would like. Casino: We don't gamble but my husband didn't like the cocktail waitress outfits.  Pool: Looked nice but it was closed.  BUMMER!
4	You know what?  After the remodeling?  Place ain't that bad.  Rooms were clean and the casino/lobby were cool.  Only gripe is that the casino floor is kinda small (did most of my gambling across the street at MGM).  And that they pump some weird coconut thing into the air (all my clothes smelled like it when I got home).  If you're on a budget, but want to be somewhat close to other casinos, I recommend it.
3	modest renovations basic and clean...smaller of strip hotels...casino floors miniscule...gambling starting at low $five a hand...odd mix of decks...auto shuffler, continuous shuffler and hand shuffle cards...lesson in roulette from a dealer...didn't realize skill in game of roulette...checking in and a journey to club tower rooms...other end of the hotel...toward beautiful pool and decent beach cafe restaurant...up elevator and to the eleventh floor room...taking two doubles and finding basic comfort...television, desk and plenty for drawers...free wi-fi...no refrigerator...odd bathroom configuration and cramp...corner angled tub and washing...curtains useless and bathroom flooded...possible self mistake...clean and tidy...just basic hotel stay...$twenty-two.thirty-nine resort fee...$one-hundred.eighty-eight room charge after tax...
3	I could take it or leave it. We were told the rooms would be comped but we were charged a $20 fee when we checked in and then charged the full room rate when we checked out. Gaming area was small but there were lots of slots if that is your thing. The drinks were cheap compared to other casinos if you had to pay for them.
5	Went again in July for my sisters 21st Bday with the hubs and AGAIN FAB!! Stop complaining folks. It's not meant to be a MGM or Aria, its the Top and its great at being just that. If you don't want to walk 5 miles to your room this is the place. Everyone working here is great. Rooms are really SNAZZY and clean and beds are INSANELY comfortable. Hotel smells great. Bus is right in front. Bridge to MGM. Things to do in the hotel. I'm 32 and my sis loved it even at 21. Check tripadvisor if you want real traveler reviews. Nicole Marshall is GRET and Trop is lucky to have her.
3	I stayed at the tropicana thanksgiving weekend 2012. The room is very nice. Looks just the pictures posted. It is very clean and looks brand new. There is a coconut smell through out the hotel, its not overwhelming like others say it is. It actually smells pretty good. The food is expensive and ok. I suggest eating somewhere else for less money. The casino does not pay. I won more money at other Casinos. Both tables and slots. So basically if you want a nice room. Stay here. But eat and  gamble some where else.
5	OK OK Let me explain. I had a hard time NOT giving this place 5 stars. There were errors here and there that could have been taken care of and avoided but at the same time, it was all made "right" at the end. So, I really don't have any complaints. I was out here during the week of the 2012 Presidential election. The strip wasn't real packed. So, it was the perfect time to be visiting. With all the buzz about the election and the electoral votes, etc, my family and I had our eyes peeled with every TV screen we passed by. The most unfortunate thing was that our room was one of the ones that had been remodeled but in doing so, we weren't ever given the proper remote for the TV and we also weren't given a remote with a guide button that worked. Without a guide button, we also didn't know what channels we had access to or not. Boo! So that was one problem.  I asked the front desk about the TV. They said that they would send someone to bring us a replacement remote. I waited for 3 hours. THat didn't happen. I asked again when I was leaving the hotel, for someone to please leave us that remote in our room while we were out. That didn't happen. I finally turned on the TV, well tried to, but it was out. Apparently there was a casino-wide surge and tons of poker machines out on the gambling floor weren't working, the computers at the front desk weren't working and the TV's were not working. Oh joy!Another problem for us was that when we had house keeping come, we were going through tissues in our room like crazy. I was suffering from crazy allergies and so was my auntie. When the housekeeping staff came, we never had our tissue supply replenished. So, I had to ask that housekeeping come to our room at 3AM when we had run out of tissue as well as toilet paper. That was issue number two. Again, keep in mind that all it took was a phone call and it was fixed. It was nice that I received what I'd asked for in about 10 minutes after making the phone call, not an hour or two.The last issue was that some of our electrical outlets were not working. That was a bummer when we had cell phones and iPads to plug in and charge. The hotel is on the strip, very close to the sign that welcomes you into Las Vegas. It's connected, via bridge, to the MGM. So, that was a nice stroll between the properties. The minute you walk in, it smells like cocoa butter and coconut. I like the smell but I'm sure there are plenty who are not fond of that scent. Our room was just as I had asked, 2 beds, near an elevator and on a lower level floor. I didn't want to get stuck in a hotel elevator with 45678943 other people who were coming and going in between each and every floor. I also had been given a pool view. That was nice, until I noticed that there was a guy outside my window after I'd come out of the bathroom from having taken a shower. I sure hope it was tinted. I called the front desk right away and asked who and why he was out there. I think he and I both kinda startled each other. Luckily, I had my towel wrapped around me but sheesh.  The desk told me that he was putting up some new banners and they should have let the guests know but weren't sure that they'd done it or not. Umm, OK great but do something about him!! They got him away from my window immediately. THanks!The rooms are spacious and are pretty clean. I do it at every hotel, checked for bugs and bed mites and things. All clear!! The shower was nice and large. But, with as big a tub as we had, I had hoped that we'd received a stopper for our drain so that we could take a bath if we'd chosen to do so. I didn't mention this until the end of my stay. I stayed at the Trop for about one week. I got to know the ladies who cleaned my room. After the first time I met them, I asked them for a few things and that they make sure that certain items were always well stocked. After that, it went smoothly and perfectly. Occasionally, I would leave them a drink or snack with their tip. So, I'd say that we had a pretty good relationship for that week. The decor is simple and on the more tropical side. The sundries store clerks are fabulous; charming and  very friendly. The beach cafe was perfect when I was craving a simple turkey sandwich. The prices weren't bad either. The five stars comes from my not having to pay my resort fees, for the service that I received from the staff, for the assistance I received from the concierge and for the value of my money. I'd definitely stay here again if given the opportunity.I was lucky enough to book my one week's stay for under two hundred bucks. So, if I am lucky enough to find a similar promotion again, I'd stay here without any hesitation. THANKS!!
3	Never stayed here but have lots if offers to stay for free... No thanks.  It's getting older and even with the renovations there really isn't much action in this place. They do have a nice sports book though.  Also, they are located right next to he MGM and Hooters.
2	HIDE YOUR POSSESSIONS    I have been delayed in writing this, mainly to give it good thought and see how the Hotel resolved the issue. The problem is the staff lost or stole MY WEDDING SHOES. I am OCD- big time- in order to be an organized bride I kept everything in a huge box, perfectly, everything was in its place. Before leaving for the rehearsal I put everything in it's place to make the next day go smoothly. Bell hop arrived, my wedding box was banged the heck up, I had cute signs for family to carry down the aisle, they were torn and crinkled. Terrible.  After the rehearsal I returned to a turned down room. Everything looked in place.      I awoke early the next day, went to lay everything out for the moms to see, the shoes were gone. We looked everywhere and called security. They said I forgot them...ummm no I didn't, The shoe box was empty in my car where I took the shoes out.      I will spare the drama, basically security accused me, said the cameras don't show any stealing (it's easy for bell service or maids to steal genius) I couldn't find a pair shoes hours before the wedding that would fit the length of my dress, all pictures waist down ruined, dress ruined, tripped going up and down the aisle.  I had to wear my nude rehearsal shoes.   Tropicana remedied the situation by giving me a two night stay after I called numerous times, if I call in advance and avoid "black out" dates. Great. I seriously believe they only did that because I am a born and raised Las Vegan and they realized I wasn't going away.    Shame on you Tropicana, I have been going to this hotel since I was 5, seriously, I have the pictures by your pool. As a local I see that Vegas is truly dying with this sub par service.  Who steals a brides shoes?  Pathetic- I hope they break your ankle.
5	Quieter than the big hotels on the strip. Great restaurants! The pool area, though closed now, is beautiful. They were building it on my first trip to the Trop a year-and-a-half ago. I would recommend the Tropicana highly. You can walk to anywhere on the strip from there.
1	Fail.  Would have been better to tear it down.  They put some lipstick on it, but it's still old and tired, and the food is just ok at best.    The most laughable part has to be the "food court" which I would describe as more of a "prison cafeteria."
3	the renovated room is much better than the old ones.  the bed is really comfortable.  the bathroom is outdated (likely did not get renovated).  they do charge you a 'resort fee' which was a surprise since i booked it through priceline.  it's good value for what you are paying for on the strip.
4	This was my first time staying at The Tropicana for NYE. The location of the hotel was very close to the airport. I liked that you could walk to the MGM right across the bridge, or wherever else you need to go really isn't too far. (We walked A LOT though. Up to the Flamingo and back multiple times) If you want to have access to somewhere in the middle or more north of the strip, (and don't want to walk or cab much to get there) this is probably not the hotel for you to stay at. Our room was in the club tower on the 14th floor. We had the club deluxe room. I liked that the Laugh Factory was so close by to our room and convenient. Bacio restaurant and the beach cafe were very close as well. I liked the large flat screen tv in our room and all the large comfortable pillows. My bf was a bit bothered that we didn't have a coffee maker in our room. I'm not sure if it's because we got the lower end room, or if they just wanted us to give Starbucks some business. It wasn't a big deal, but it's one of those extra things that would have made our stay a little more enjoyable. Overall, I enjoyed my stay here at the "new" Tropicana. Though I definitely want to try out some more northern-strip hotels for my next visit, Tropicana is definitely an option for other future Vegas trips.
2	My girlfriend I stayed here this past Christmas on a Groupon deal. The remodel looks great! Except our rooms did not. The bathroom floor tile was damaged and still dirty. The tub had stains and the floor had a Kool-aid-colored stain right at the entryway. The staff kindly moved us to a different room and refunded our resort fee, but the bathroom was still in pretty poor shape for a hotel that just remodeled, especially at their regular price I'd wager.I also didn't enjoy the fact that the hotel room didn't have any movie channels, not even HBO! Even a Motel 6 has HBO, and this lack definitely made me want to spend less time in the room and more time out of the hotel, rather than spending money in it.However, I enjoyed my time playing $5 Blackjack. I can't recall my favorite dealer there... Sam? John? A generic name like that. Very informative, patient with bets, and, best of all, I won a decent bit of money! (I might've not if I had listened to my partners at the table; never take gambling advice from old men.) The slots were less fun. Overly complicated with little payout to keep me interested.The restaurants closed early in the hotel, it seemed, during our stay. Not sure if this was because of the holiday season, but I was annoyed to find I couldn't order some relatively cheap food in the hotel.Also, the business center was closed! Despite the fact that the resort fee explicitly goes to pay for that sort of thing. Couldn't print out any directions, coupons, or ticket-vouchers for shows without paying five bucks at the regular computer stations near the front. Honestly, I felt gipped and was deeply disappointed by the staff's response to the situation. On the time in question, I called from a courtesy phone right next to the place to ask if someone could come by the business center so I could print some tickets and the lady called the desk even while I was standing right beside it! Then she BS'd me, saying that the business center is closed during Christmas even though no such notice was posted anywhere that it would be, and even after I saw people manning it the day we left!This is definitely a hotel to stay at only with a coupon. Otherwise, you're better off paying a little more for a place worth the price, or just staying cheap with a motel and spending your time outside on The Strip.
2	I was expecting a lot more from my stay at the Tropicana.  Check in was fast and all good, the room was dusty, you could see dust all over the tv and it looked like it hasn't been cleaned in a while.  Now the bathtub was leaking, called the operator to complain and they just told me that they were fully booked.  Ok, so we went out and when we came back, we went straight to bed...  Man !  We were on the eighth floor and I guess the windows are not very well insulated, you could hear all the sirens and police activities from the strip.. and to top it all, the heater/ac was extremely loud, every time it stoped it sounded like some wires or metal pieces were loose. I just couldn't sleep.    I wasn't impressed with the Tropicana Las Vegas at all !   Decorations were nice  on the hallway and the ceilings of the rooms...  The bathroom floor was old and dirty, didn't looked renovated to me...      I wouldn't pay again to stay in this hotel.
1	Had I known better this was the hill billy hotel of Las Vegas I would've paid an extra bill to stay at the aria or venetian where I was last trip. internet doesnt work, pool was closed due to a "biohazrd" (a nice way of saying someone took a dump) and renovation is done half ass. Stay away from this place if you dont like hill billies and feces i'm swimming pools.
5	Easy free parking. Swanky new south beach theme. Gonna interview Murray Sawchuck.I saw the magic show for the first time here and had an amazing interview with Murray Sawchuck. A world-renowned magician who goes out of his way to be very hilarious and yet totally appropriate for kids. Not sure how he does that. My book will contain an interview with him and he really is a magic expert I found out. He's also the local magic expert for the famous Vegas-based TV show "Pawn Stars". The crowd loved not only his zany fun humor, but his tricks. You are constantly saying "What'?!!" or "How did he do that?" His wife Chloe will also make your jaw drop with her beauty playing the Magician's Assistant role. The Laugh Factory is super easy to get to via the front entrance near the parking lot. It's a lot less walk then most showrooms at a casino.  It's tons of fun and Murray is funny as hell too, a real bonus. Everyone in the entire place was laughing so hard, and even getting up to see if there were escape hatches, wires, or cheats. His slight of hand will leave you gasping, he's great. I plan to take my mom and friends soon, and see the show again. Maybe this time I can figure out how he did at least one trick... maybe. After the show he was mobbed for autographs because due to his world travels and TV appearances everyone knows him. If you don't, you should.
3	new remodel did them good.Rooms smelled of smoke, even though it was non-smoking.  (room 1789)staff were great though and the location is really good especially if you have a car.  Easy in/out of the strip area
4	Stayed for three days and two nights with my friends last December & we all had a pleasant stay. We got our request granted & Nicole blocked us a nice room with the view of the strip on the 12th floor. - 2 starsCheck in was a breeze and we were all surprised how nice, orangey bright, and clean the room is.. I thought it was cute! Love the 42' TV and the very warm cuddly blankets too! - another starParking is not an issue at all. You'll always find a spot ready for you.. The Casino gets another star for being clean and less crowded. I just thought the coconut smell and the smoke doesn't really blend together. - another star. All in all it was a great experience & looking forward to stay again in the future.
2	Came and stayed for three nights, I don't think I'll be coming back. Firstly, upon entering our room we found fecal matter on the walls, yes, actual fecal matter. Disgusting! Second, we opted to pay the $10 fee/ day to rent a coffee maker but quickly realized it took at least 1 hour to get coffee in our rooms because the hotel staff delivered it very slowly. By the time you finally received your coffee making materials you no longer wanted coffee. It is ridiculous that we pay for this service and then wait an hour or more for coffee. The front desk staff listened to our complaints and really did nothing about it except take $20 off of our bill. I expected better especially after such a poor experience. If you value cleanliness and a quick and attentive staff do not waste your time here.
4	stayed here for three nights in the Paradise tower overlooking the MGM in rm 1105 in Feb. Away from the elevators. Quiet room and floor. No real complaints. I really, really like the Paradise tower because you walk in and the elevators are right there. You don't have to walk thru the casino.room: basic 2 queen beds and basic tub and bathroom. The only nice thing was the big tv, shutters and yep that's it. I paid $69/night thur-sat. I found it on their own website. $20 resort fee. Used valet all three days. The last night (sat) it said valet was full but i pulled up and said i was a guest and they let me use it. Well... i am paying a resort fee geez.pool was closed and didn't use the gym. I checked in at 10pm and no line on a thursday night. 24hr Starbucks in lobby. Business center also to surf internet ($5/10 minutes) and print coupons ($1.50 for b/w... i think??).at check in they hand out a flyer for a free coupon for one free cookie to p/u at the deli next to starbucks. I guess its a Doubletree thang.I'd come back for the right price. I'd say I could only walk up to Paris and Ballys before complaining.... No way would i walk to the Wynn and have to walk back. I'd rather spend more to stay center strip, but like i said.... for the right price$$$$$$.This hotel has skywalk to both mgm and excalibur. So if you plan on partying south of Paris only.... this hotel is ok. debit card users: they authorize for the total amount and release it the next day. Only after check out do they bill your card. This may not happen to everyone... just saying.
3	I wanted to like the Tropicana more but it's just Ok, nothing that great. I used to stay here 20 years ago and it was Awesome, but now it's really a 3 1/2 star resort. room smell of smoke even if non smoking. we paid $70 a night from price line, but didn't know about the $20 resort fee, that's a scam. They did upgrade us to paradise tower w view of strip, room was big and clean. walls seem thin cuz we can here people talking next door. And I can hear a lot of noise from the strip. All in all not bad for $70 on Fri and Sat night.
3	Good prices most of the time. Rooms are big enough to split between 4 people. Far away from everything else. Need to take a taxi to get anywhere down the strip.  Pool is nice enough
4	We were here for a two-night stay for my birthday in June and we LOVED it! The rooms are definitely newly renovated and it shows!!! My fiance and I both work in hospitality (I'm at the front desk, he's back of house in IT but used to be a bellman), so great customer service is key to us--we were definitely not disappointed. We checked in on a Monday with Elena, who is so sweet, very knowledgeable, wished me a happy birthday, and upgraded us to a beautiful club tower suite. I see a lot of reviews that the club tower is far....it's really not far at all. It's about a four minute walk from the lobby, and the pools are really close to the club tower, just a quick elevator ride down. We had a very slight issue on the last night of our stay because we wanted to go to the pool, but it was closed for a private party. We called to ask if there was another area of the pool we were allowed to use, and unfortunately there was not. We spoke with Linda on the phone, who was very kind and understanding and told us to come to the front desk and she would see what she could do for us. When we came down, we talked to Lynn, who also was very nice, and they gave us a $50 resort credit. Note to fellow travelers: YOU ALWAYS GET MORE HELP FROM THE FRONT DESK WHEN YOU ARE NICE! There is no need to get aggressive with the people who you're dealing with...they are there to help you, and the wonderful staff at the Tropicana is very good at that. Anyway, to sum it up, the room was absolutely beautiful, with a great view of the pool and the strip, the staff is amazing, and we enjoyed a wonderful late-night room service dinner with our resort credit that the front desk extended to us. The location is great, super close to the MGM, and a quick tram ride to the Mandalay Bay. We got the groupon, 2 nights for $115, but if there's a good deal on the hotel website in the future, we would definitely stay here again. Again, guest service is so important to us and the staff at the Tropicana is great.Room Tip: Club tower is about 4 minutes away from the lobby but close to the pools, and very quiet!
4	Boy this place has cleaned up.  Good sized casino, very clean and not horribly smokey, staff was wonderful... it appears to have been renovated recently.
2	Not sure how to calculate the star rating on this. So, I'd write this up first before I click the star rating. The Las Vegas weather was in the 80s when we arrived. For a four-star hotel (I was told that it was), I expected too much when it comes to the rooms they offered. I was totally disappointed when the airconditioning inside our Club Tower room was not working. The lowest we could have was 60*F and there was no cold air blowing. The fan blowed out hot air. An aircondition system is a big factor for me when it comes to hotels. With it not working in our room, I had crappy sleep. It was not a very good experience. Uncomfortable. It made me grumpy, very bad. I thought I was the only one who experienced it. Most of our friends who stayed in the same hotel had the same thing. From March 15th to March 18th, my sleep was whacked. Four days of grumpiness. Less four stars.The room had no coffee maker and no refrigerator. They charge daily for a coffee maker. Wow. When I stayed in a different Vegas hotel, they had all those included. I shrug and shake my head on Tropicana. What they give you for free is a cookie. Who effin' needs a darn cookie? Free coffee is better!I also expected so much when it comes to their restaurants, but this hotel didn't offer much that my husband and I had to go to a different hotel just to eat. One Italian and one steakhouse, and they were open late afternoon. Their Beach Cafe and food court were a joke, seriously. We should've stayed in a different hotel where there's better airconditioning, better restaurants and probably better casinos. I think the phrase, "You get what you pay for," applies to this hotel. The rooms are cheap. You get everything else as cheap. I shouldn't complain, right? Sheesh.They do have great baggage boys. They deserve the stars in my book. Honestly, I won't check-in here again. Unless, they fix their a/c. But then, they couldn't really fix their restaurants. Oh well...
4	Very nice service everywhere in the hotel. Casino is festive and dealers and pit bosses treat you great. There are 2 wonderful restaurants in the hotel. This is a smaller casino than others in town so for many that can be a great thing. I think it allows the Trop to provide a more intimate level of service. They certainly made our group feel welcome and we will go back for sure.
2	Stayed here on 03/29 - 03/31/2013.I really want to give this hotel 1.5 stars, but whatever, I'll be nice. Pro's- Decent price for a hotel on the strip.- They let us check in early (10am) without extra charge. Pretty BIG deal if you just got done driving for hours and want to rest before starting your day. - Spacious room.- Very friendly and helpful valet and it's FREE.- Free chocolate chip cookies upon check in. The cookies were quite tasty too.- Starbucks on site. - Pretty good brunch buffet. Decent price as well - $19.99. $24.99 includes unlimited mimosas.Con's- Some of the fixtures in the hotel room were broken.- The flush in the bathrooms are LOUD. So loud, that I can hear it whenever our neighbors flush theirs.- Paper thin walls. I heard EVERYTHING my neighbors were doing. (If you know what I mean)- Never had an available waitress for the complimentary drinks while gambling. - The waitresses were my grandma's age and they were dressed SO inappropriately. - Bell boys were EXTREMELY RUDE and told my partner and I that "guests may not use the bell hop carts" So what are they there for??? Decorations?- We were rudely stopped upon entering the pool area. The young lady asks for our room keys without telling us why AND asks to check my purse. REALLY?!- No in-room fridge.- Security guard tries to open our hotel room door FOR NO REASON and without knocking first... startling my partner and I out of our sleep. RIDICULOUS.- Air filters in our hotel room clearly needed to be changed. They were disgusting. I was wondering why I was sneezing and coughing so much...Worst hotel I've ever stayed at. Will not be staying here again. and YOU shouldn't either. Spend a little bit more and stay somewhere else! ANYWHERE else for that matter.
3	Don't nickle and dime me!  I'm impressed with the renovations, I visited this property about 20 years ago when I was young and had no $$$ for a hotel.  The joke back then was you went to the Tropicana because you couldn't find your regular hotel, rooms were so cheap you could just sleep it off. This is not a bad property, the service is very good, front desk staff, efficient and friendly, midweek rates were a bargain.  The pool area is mature, meaning the vegetation and trees, no so much the folks!However, you are nickled and dimed, if you want a fridge in your room, extra.  If you want a coffee maker, extra.....if you want coffee pods, extra.......whoa!We were in the back tower, furthest from the front desk, so it was about an eight minute walk to our room, but then again, most Vegas hotels are a long walk from front door to hotel room.
4	The newly remodeled Tropicana might just be the best hidden Gem on the Vegas strip.  Pros:From March 19th - March 23rd (NCAA Basketball March Madness Opening Weekend) I was able to book a double queen room for $282 total for all 4 nights.  This includes the resort charges and tax.  The quality and service is on par or better than most other Hilton brand hotels.Sports book is not elaborate, but also not crowded, so a true sports gambler can place bets in a matter of seconds at Tropicana.Cons:The casino floor is limited, with only 2 or 3 of each table game in the entire joint.  The minimum bets seemed to be at least $15 a play on all table games.  The slots were tight.  I once asked an attendant, "Hey!  Could we loosen up these slots?"  Tropicana is located at the far southern end of the strip, making it a decent walk from all of the other major casinos... but I don't mind walking.
4	This Hotel has definitely changed. It is all newly remodelled.  But they don't have any Poker room!! I had to go to MGM while I was staying at Tropicana.  Definitely not worth the price of about $200.  Although the building is newly remodeled, it was probably a class B or C remodeling job.  The finishes in the bathroom and the bedrooms look like it was done in an extreme hurry.
1	An emergency one night stay led us towards the Tropicana by way of Hotwire. The room renovation managed to earn them a four star ranking on TripAdvisor, so we were quite hopeful for the next 24 hours.3am we return to the room, water has be shut off. Front desk estimates repair to be completed shortly. 5am we return to the room for a second time, water is still off. 9am we're awake, water remains off. Front desk says they still do not have an estimated turn on time as there is excessive repair yet to be completed.Doug at the front desk checks us out by 10am and offers full refund accommodation through Hotwire. When we later get in touch with Hotwire, they tell us that Doug was not even the person who checked us out and they water was documented to be fully restored at 3am! After insisting clarification through Tropicana management we were finally able to receive a full refund 12 hours later.Lucky for us, the Wynn was able to accommodate a very early check in so that we were able to fully shower and flush!
2	This used to be good, until i got a room that was well.. Musty in odor and no Wi-FiI found a bug in my room.... Well, that was not a good experience. It could be better...
2	We stayed in a non-smoking deluxe room in the Club Tower in April 2013. We could hear very clearly people talk thru the locked door connecting the 2 rooms. We heard people checking into the room at about 2 am., then room service being delivered, etc. etc. The bathroom needs fixing - broken grout, toilet bowl that "rocks" when you sit on it, loose plumbing. The bed mattress did not seem level as it was bumpy, maybe just old. Everything else was OK - the view of the pool area and Stripe was nice. We were glad when we left as we did not enjoy our stay in the hotel, mainly because we were very aware of strangers in the next room and we did not sleep well at night as it was noisy.There was a compulsory $20 resort charge to use the pool, get wifi in room, and not sure for what else.
3	HHonors Gold member.  Check in on a Sunday was delayed but compensated by a late Monday check-out (2pm).  As a Gold, we were offered a complimentary breakfast for both of us.  Excellent buffet, normally priced at $19.99/person.The king bed room in the Club Tower was sub Doubletree standard and could use upgrade.  Bathroom just didn't feel totally clean, given the musty smell and another guest's hair stuck to the tub walls.  Bed was comfortable.  No coffee maker or fridge.I agree with other posters' review of pool.  It is a highlight.All said, given the price of room, affiliation with Hilton and its proximity, I would stay here again.
1	The worst four star hotel! Don't stay here.There was mold in bathtub.
4	Recent stay with grand kids . They gave us adjoining rooms non smoking tower. Very clean newly remodeled fab pool very kid friendly not overwhelming in size . Convenient location would definitely stay again . Did not try the dining there except for cafe not outstanding but not bad. Also did not gamble since we had kids.
4	I have mixed feelings writing this review. The Hotel is not the best but the service is really good, and if you go, like me, with friends, just to have a Vegas weekend and do some shopping, well, it's perfect. Even after a rip-off on Blackjack, well, i drank more whiskey than what i left on the table! So who lost? Ha, and then i recovered on Roulette and drank even more Whiskey than the day before! I had an amazing time in Vegas, the Hotel is well located, we had free shuttle to and from LAS and the breakfast buffet was just awesome! I recovered from my hangover so quickly, that seriously, the house lost! If you are expecting real Oceans Eleven Luxury Vegas, go somewhere else, even if this place is 4 Star rated, it can't compare with others on the Stip. But if you're in Vegas to have a good time without the excessive Hype, go for it!
4	I stayed here over the weekend and LOVED this place.  The remodeled look was amazing and we couldn't have asked for a more comfortable room. I won't drop names, but I've paid twice the amount for other "four star" hotels on the Strip that could never compare to the Trop.  Our room was clean, the bed was uber comfy (and a TRUE king size) and there was tons to do there.  We saw the Mob Attraction (highly recommended BTW, plus you get a discount for staying in the hotel) and an awesome Laugh Factory performance all without having to even leave the place! The casino was beautiful remodeled, too, and they've clearly upgraded their ac/ smoke ventilation system which made it actually smell pleasant.  Everything was walking distance and the staff was very friendly.  They even gave us a sweet room upgrade just 'cause I was in town for my birthday.  Score!The only reason I didn't leave a 5 star rating was because the drain in our shower was slow.  In all fairness, though, we never even requested it be fixed because we loved everything else so much that we barely even noticed.  The other downside (for some maybe) is that the Trop no longer has a poker room.  You'll have to go to another casino for your poker fix- Excalibur and Mandalay Bay are a stone's throw away, though, and their poker rooms were great.Awesome place and highly recommended.
1	Disappointed. It didnt meet our expectations of even a decent Vegas Hotel.  Don't even consider it has potential.. especially with its renovation. Sad. wish I could have my weekend back. Oh well it is what it is...Here are some reasons why I disliked this place:1).Even with the newly renovated casino, the elevators needed some renovation with their squeaky sounds and doors that did not open right away.  also, the hallways AC units are either off or on - so it may get "tropically" warm. 2.) Front desk are not hospitable. The lady on the phone sounded like it was such a huge inconvenience when we asked them for clean towels and it took them almost 3 hours to deliver just towels! Really?!  Not to mention that we stayed 2 nights, and they did not clean the room while we were gone for 8 hours!! We had to call them to remind them to clean the room. Crap.3.) The restaurant by the pool, messed up on our dinner order, undercooked the food, and was unable to refund us immediately on our credit card - it took almost 2 wks to receive an $60 refund. Not that we were in a rush for the refund, but for a reverse transaction to take that long and to not apologize when we called, we thought what a waste of our time and money.Overall: Total disappointment. I will not be recommending this hotel to any of my friends... and we occupy Vegas A LOT! . Could of been special, but its nothing special. Go to Luxor or Excalibur for the same amount of $$ - but better hotels.
4	It's been years since I stayed at the Trop.  Since we planned a Vegas weekend to party at the new nightclub at the MGM, Hakkasan, we decided to stay here since I knew it would be more convenient to do so than to stay at the MGM....I'm glad I did that.  I was really impressed with what the new owners of the Trop have done here.Let's start with the rooms.  They remodeled the old Bungalows, which are the short 2 story buildings connected to the casino....they did a great job remodeling those rooms.  They are great with really comfortable beds and modern furniture.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-new-tropicana-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=n3eKKZh_PEfxOlBc48pptA#n3eKKZh_PEfxOlBc48pptAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-new-tropicana-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=LZVxL61Rz_45PqK0pjHf_Q#LZVxL61Rz_45PqK0pjHf_QThe bathroom is a little small, but they did it right with a nice shower and sink situation that works well in the small space.They offer FREE WiFi in the hotel rooms....huge +++.  And give you 2 complimentary bottles of Water.  Of course you're paying a $19.99 per night resort fee, so you better receive stuff like this....at least it stuff you can actually use.Since it's now affiliated with the Hilton Doubletree brand, you also get 2 fresh, warm Cookies with your stay.....Doubletree loyalists know what this is all about.  They're really good Cookies too.The public areas were also remodeled.  The front desk and lobby area looks great.  A huge improvement over the old building.  The casino was also updated as well.http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-new-tropicana-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=eIV20CNohs6mkUxUPeV9qA#eIV20CNohs6mkUxUPeV9qAhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-new-tropicana-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=Bmv46jyG1mUfX-oITLx2WQ#Bmv46jyG1mUfX-oITLx2WQhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-new-tropicana-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=j9rPqTz8wIeI-7zqlwfPag#j9rPqTz8wIeI-7zqlwfPaghttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/the-new-tropicana-las-vegas-las-vegas?select=O2wKaJJ-KG36ffvjk5pLDA#O2wKaJJ-KG36ffvjk5pLDACustomer service at this hotel has improved as well.  I had a question about the day/nightclub Bagatelle, so I called the guest service operator from my room.  I asked her if there was a cover charge for hotel guests to go to Bagatelle, she told me "Yes, there's a discounted cover charge for guests".....1 min later, she called me back to tell me that she was speaking to her supervisor after we hung up and that there was no cover charge on that particular day....wow, that was cool, I didn't expect her to call me back with updated info...that's good service to me.Overall, we had a great stay here at the Trop.  I highly recommend it as an alternative to staying at the MGM Grand.  Especially, if you plan to go to Hakkasan.Return Factor - 95%
4	The service was good and when they mixed up our room and over booked for the double beds leaving us for the single they did make it right.  Thank you guys for that.  Not sure of anyone else but really great staff and good times.  The non smoking rooms actually smelled like non smoking so I was very happy about that.  I've recommended 2 people to stay there since I came back yesterday and will continue.  Thanks out to to them all there I had a great time.   The only confusing thing was the notice they put up about putting all the dirty towels you wanted to have changed on the floor (same with having a note to put a notice on the bed to have the sheets changed).  They changed all the bedding and towels etc every day no matter what you did.  That is my one and only complaint.
2	Nothing really stood out or impressed me about this place.  Okay for a night or two. We were in town for a concert. It is on the same side of the strip as the MGM.   Only way to walk north on strip is to go through MGM.  What a disaster.  Constant construction that makes you weave your way up and down escalators, through the hordes of people at MGM and under scaffolding above the sidewalks.  Though it's not a fault of Tropicana, it was a pain to deal with.The room was simple.  Expected amenities.  However, our sink backed up and we had to call for service.  He arrived timely, but he left a mess on the floor. The shower was weak-barely any hot water.  My wife was not happy. :(   They put the light switch behind the bathroom door, lousy planning. And the curtains were kind of cheesy. And the wallpaper was ugly and old.There was no fridge and no micro. Bummer.And since my wife loves TV, we were quite disappointed in the service. Reception kept going out, channel selection was crappy and the remote was old.  Couldn't figure out the channel numbers.Small sportsbook.  And there were protestors outside the hotel in the valet area.We decided we wanted to stay in Vegas another night and asked about available rooms on a Monday night.  They were booked. And reception told us if there were an opening, it would be triple the price we paid on Hotels.com.  Are they kidding? For this hotel?  On a Monday?Will not stay here again.
3	Wow definitely remodeled the place for sure and it looks great. They casino is very bright and welcoming and not dark like most places which is nice. Unfortunately $200 dollar was the main attraction of why I wanted to go.  But you have to loose money in order to get comped like if you spend $200 dollars you get back $50 dollars per day.  Pretty clever but sneaky way to get your money.
5	My five star rating is largely based on our wedding experience at The Trop. Is the actual casino/hotel on par with Wynn or Venetian? Not quite! But I can't knock the rating as our wedding was a dream come true.We had our wedding ceremony at The Tropicana in the gardens last October. Our wedding coordinator Katie was top-notch and made the whole experience so easy. She always had a smile on her face and couldn't have been more helpful in general! The garden was surprisingly private, and very intimate despite bring surrounded by a restaurant and the swimming pool area; the staff at Trop did an amazing job ensuring that other guests did not come anywhere near our wedding. I wouldn't change a thing about choosing Tropicana for my outdoor wedding. If you're thinking about a destination wedding, but are scared of a cheesy or cheap or unpredictable venue in Vegas, I highly recommend Trop. They turned our "crazy Vegas wedding" into a gorgeous and upscale affair.In terms of the actual casino and hotel, my husband and I, as well as a large portion of our wedding guests, really enjoyed our spacious, clean, and beachy rooms. We only had one group that had an issue, which was that the wifi did not work in their room. A technician was there within an hour and was able to get the connection going. The location on the strip is pretty good, with easy access to MGM, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay.My husband liked how the casino area in Trop felt more spacious than the other casinos - that he didn't feel like he was banging shoulders with other people. The atmosphere was very laid back in general, but modern and stylish.The only downside to Trop is the complete lack of clubs/bars/nightlife. It was great for us, since we were having a wedding, but might not be the most optimal fit for younger singletons looking for the typical Vegas experience.
4	All new and redone!  It's a lot more cleaner and modernized now.The patrons are still on the older side.  I guess the younger folks want to have a blast at the newer hip ones like the Cosmo.  So expect to be playing blackjack with grandmas and grandpas (which is not a bad thing at all)Limits are on the lower side.  The workers / dealers are wearing t-shirts and they are mostly out of shape so it's a very kickback feel.
4	Love how bright this place is - such a difference between this and the other dark, dreary casinos on the strip. The rooms are fresh and clean with a tropical vibe, lots of bamboo touches, crisp white linens, grass style wallpaper. It was great to be able to come back later in the evenings to an empty casino (most of the patrons are a bit older) and be able to play whatever you want. The sports book is great - set off to the side so it doesn't get crazy crowded like the ones at MGM or NYNY.
1	Tropicana, you BLEW me away....Instead of renovating, this place should've been sold and torn down.Upon check in there was only 2 front desk employees checking guest in.  The line was long Disneyland long.Got into our room, and the room smelled like a sweaty dog, I turn up the A.C to try and blow the smell away. I then begin changing for our reservations, took off my shoes and notices that my socks were immediately soaked! The carpet was just cleaned, awesome!! NOT!!!! felt like I standing in a puddle. I then called the front desk, she offered me a downgraded room, without a downgraded price, and sends up blower to dry the carpets.. A nice lady said Sorry, placed the loud machine in the room and left. At this point I just begin laugh. As we wait and wait and wait longer for someone to take us to our new room, our time for the reservations come up and we gotta go!!! As we were leaving an employee came up to move us rooms, 45 minutes too late buddy!  At this point I chalked it up as a loss and remained in the "upgraded" room I paid for a.k.a Swampland. As the weekend continued, I left the blower in and moved it around the room to make sure the carpets were dry for the next guest.. You're welcome Tropicana!!!I'm sure with as much money I lost gambling, I could've paid to get the 10th floor of the paradise tower re-carpeted, but hey, at least I got a coupon for a free cookie.I called to check out, I asked the front desk if they wanted me to bring down their blower I became good friends with, front desk girl chuckled in question,  then  I explained my story for the 3rd time and got a simple "we're sorry." And that was my last chance I gave the Tropicana to redeem themselves.  Best part of the hotel would be the valet, bringing my car back so I can drive away.With the entire hotel situation still being stuck in my head, and believe me, I'm not much of a complainer, I called back a few days later, just to speak to a manager or Supervisor. I clearly stated that I didn't want my money back or anything for free. I simply wanted them to know of how poorly the situation was handled. The person, MAJID*** (spelling?**) I spoke listened to what I had to say, was very apologetic and said he would spread the word to fix future mishaps.He then offered me a one night stay, that was very nice of him but no thanks.
1	This was the worst Vegas trip I have ever had! I don't think they are even deserving of any stars.Upon arrival I was pleasantly surprised at how the hotel looked with all the upgrades.  It definitely was a huge face lift building wise, but the customer service was terrible!  When i found out that the New Tropicana was now owned by Hilton, I was even more disappointed.  The dealers were not pleasant to talk to or entertaining, the hostesses did not seem like happy employees either.To add to the terrible experience, I got stuck in the elevator for 90 minutes and the speaker was not working so I had to communicate with security through gestures using the camera.  I was left unattended with no contact for 12 minutes... even 911 stays with you until help arrives.  The attendant stated that help will be there in a "couple" of minutes.  My understanding of a couple of minutes is 2- 5 minutes.  The elevator doors miraculously opened after 90 minutes even before the technician arrived.  It was all in all a F*cked up situation and will never stay at this hotel ever again.I wrote a letter of complaint through email to the hotel manager, Jay Baluyot, in April and still have not heard from him.  I sent another letter of complaint through postal mail and still no word.  I am now in the process of emailing Hilton corporate to make sure this is taken care of.  Hilton hotels should not have these kinds of hotel as a part of their family.  It will definitely ruin their name.The wifi connection was slow and we had to pay for it as a part of the "resort fee".  If I'm gonna pay for internet, it needs to be fast.The parking area was dirty and there was even area where mattresses were stored visible to all guests. WTF?? Don't let the hotel fascade fool you.  This place needs all around renovations... most especially support staff and employees
1	Booked through a third party online site. They said everything was included for the nights and I paid a flat rate all the way through for a week. When checking out, they charged me $22 bucks for resort fee. I complained and the lady behind the counter was pissy and argued with me. I took out the paperwork of my booking and it stated nothing about a cheesy resort fee. The booking site covered my ass and the staff refused to do anything about it. I asked for a manager and the lady took my paperwork. The manager said to waive the fee. SCREW YOU AND YOUR STUPID RESORT FEE! I rather stay at some nicer hotel if I knew there was some stupid fee you tack on after the stay. Also, we experienced 2 rooms that did not get clean. Both the rooms were on the same floor. Both rooms didn't get cleaned on the last day of our stay. No new towels, or accessories. Bed wasn't made! WTF? GET Out
3	I stayed here for a random weekend with my work, it was alright. The hotel is pretty standard, nothing fancy, nothing terrible. The remodel is a little puzzling; I'm not sure if it's 100% completed but there are still some remnants of the old Tropicana like popcorn ceiling, small rooms, slow/hot elevators, small casino, old bathroom tiles, etc. It's a good value for what you pay and the location isn't too shabby..on the strip but at the very end of the strip which can be a good or bad thing for some depending on where on the strip you're trying to kick it. I really just used this hotel for a place to sleep. I've stayed at many other hotels on the strip and I prefer to pay $50-$100 more to stay at a larger/nicer hotel...that's part of the Vegas experience in my view. Staying at the Tropicana for me is like staying at a Marriott Courtyard..it's just...standard.
2	Stayed here in 2009 for my honeymoon. The floor must have been flooded before got the room. The carpet was squishy, it smelled stale/moldy, and when we complained about it we got nothing but flack. After encouraging someone to come to our room to check it out they finally believed us but there was 'nothing we could do". I tried to not let it affect me so we just stayed out of the room other than to sleep and I wore shoes the entire time I was in the room so that I didn't have feel the squish between my toes. Super gross.... won't be coming back- I give it two stars because the rest of the hotel was fine... but it is by far one of the most boring hotels on the strip-
1	Smelly, hot and miserable. Hotwire said this was a 4.5 star hotel- HA! What a lie?! They were seriously people protesting the awful health codes in this place. AVOID.
4	Had a terrific 5-day stay on our vacation this year. The recent facelift has certainly improved the look of the place; our room was large and comfortable and well-maintained. (I'm a bit surprised, also, about the various reports of poor service--on our trip, my wife and received nothing but superior service from staff who were all pleasant and helpful). The restaurants in the hotel are quite good, though a touch overpriced. The highlight for me was the pool, however. I could've quite happily spent my entire vacation swimming.The casino isn't large, but seems well populated with a decent selection of gaming; the dealers all were friendly and engaging in our experience. The lounge bar was also a bit of a surprise--live music singing old-school torch songs and jazz standards was a great way to unwind over a cocktail.
2	The music was really loud by the pool, I could hear it from my room on the 14th floor, I prefer the night club action at the night club.  Their gaming promotion, first $200.00 on them, is very misleading, very very misleading....  The gaming machines are tight, don't mind losing if I can at least play a while.
1	If you find a "deal" on a 3rd party site for a low rate room: Beware. The smell of our room was foul. There was no cleaning/towel change service. There was no wireless - despite paying for it. Had I known, I never would have stayed there. Also - not good for families/kids.
4	nice hotel not a five star but i would stay there again nice clean hotel good service
2	Booked a 3 night stay at the NEW Tropicana on EDC weekend. I choose the Tropicana even though it is one of the oldest properties on the strip. I still remember staying there and watching the Follies Brougere' show so many years ago. Since it was EDC weekend I chose to use points for a free room and save the $400 per night at the Venetian. Parking / Valet was a mess, could not find my car first time out. Self parking is outside and on the side of the property not very safe.Bellman was terrible. The bellman a big older guy hates his job and didn't want to take the bags. Gave us serious attitude. Complained to the bell desk manager. Got a lot of lip service, about being busy. Bags took over an hour to get to the room. More lip service elevators were too full. Check-In was a breeze long line for regulars, but hotel guests and Hilton Honors members a quick short wait.Room was remodeled nicely, air conditioning working good and bed was comfortable. No refrigerator so called housekeeping to bring one up for $10. When it came up it was about as old as the Hotel and had so many dents on it looked like acne scars. It worked. New furniture, OLD plumbing, Toilet broke after first flush, called maintenance 3 times before several people and replaced the toilet tank. The bath tub drain took so long to drain, so showering was like standing in a half filled tub. Elevators are always full and slow. The only redeeming quality of the New Tropicana is the new pool and Beach Club and the Front Desk staff. Took off the additional charges at check out.
1	I wished I stayed at a different hotel. My group and I checked in on June 20th and checked out on June 25th. We had a horrible time for a few reasons.This hotel does not have a coffee pot or a microwave. They only have two microwaves to lend out in the whole hotel. When we were calling about the status of the microwave, the people at the front desk hung up on us twice. We were confused with the message that they were sending us. We did call them ahead of time and one of the managers told us that we can have a microwave upon request, and those were the words we abide by.Secondly, we were "upgraded" to a handicap room. In other words, our bathroom didn't have a bathtub or anything of the sort to keep water from leaking out. We had to use towels to decorate the floor to keep the water from spreading. Also, here is the fun part: sewage from the shower stall kept raising up from the drain. We called to get the pipes checked, but no one showed up for the entire weekend. There for, our bathroom reeked of human feces.The hotel did provide us with a wonderful broken tv with a remote that only goes up channels. There is also a mandatory fee of 25$ per day. Make sure you read the very fine print that you must have to pay for wifi. Oh, don't mind us. We did call them to ask about the wifi, and they told us "if we paid for it, we get to use it", and they never specified that wifi was a mandatory thing to have.Overall, the people who worked at this hotel have a communication problem with each other and give out false information. There are better hotels on the strip, I would not recommend this one.And to Tropicana: Bye Felisha.
3	Lets be fair, I paid $40 a night for our room so this is a case of you get what you pay for. Nothing horrendous happened but there were a few annoying things. Check in wasn't to long, but we did wait about 20 min. they really should have water or something for you, it is 103 outside! Our room was clean, all but the toilet, that had fecal matter on the front. Room service apologized and came immediately. We wanted to rent a cabana at the pool, but we asked and called about 5 people and no one could help us. None of the staff really new much about the hotel. What time does the pool close? "I don't know". I feel like that is a basic question you should all have an answer too. I finally found a number and left a message. The cabana guy called me back two days later, as I was leaving. Because they have all the cabanas that are impossible to rent all around the pool all the other chairs are really spread out and you don't really get to lay by the pool. They also shocked the pool around 5:30 and closed it for 45 min, but the pool closed at 7, so most everyone left. I felt that was pretty obnoxious. I have been to way better pools in Vegas, so if your plan is to lay out by the pool go else where.
3	3 star because compared to this hotel rating (4 stars) and the other ones in South Strip, Tropicana is just a place to sleep. The casino floor is small, the pool is OK, there is no much popular entertainment. The good thing is you do not queue long to check in, the distance from reception to rooms is not too far, not many people by the pool. We walked in MGM, Excalibur, New York hotels located on the same blocks and Tropicana is ridiculously small. We can say that the room is cleaned, the bed comfortable and even if next to the airport we do not hear any planes. The reservation was made through Hotwire and we got a great deal for 2 nights stay from July 1 to 3. Actually we wanted to go to MGM. So go there to avoid the crowd and hassle, and eat in different hotels.
1	Very poor checkin experience.  It took them 5 hours after we arrived to get us a room.  the staff during this time were rude. we finally got to the pool and found the gentleman bartender to also be rude.  we were paying good $ to be there and it was quite unnecessary.  if you want to be treated well think twice about staying here.
2	My favorite part was the part where they called it "The Tropicana" but really the theme was "buttholes." I figured it out when not one thing was shaped like a pineapple, but everything smelled like stale, lingering farts.Continuing on this theme, the TV remote does this super rad trick where it doesn't work. I can only assume this is an extension of the efforts made by the world famous Laugh Factory, located here in a desolate hall above a mostly abandoned lounge where you don't get a fridge or a microwave in your room, but you DO get confronted by some guy with bad hair and glasses every time you use the elevators. Luckily that TV works and doesn't need a remote! Remotes aren't funny! You know what's funny?! Excess charges for a pool area that smells like my grandma's house before she discovered Walmart carried glade candles!There's also a really hilarious puddle of water outside our door. Thank god for laughter. Our room was awesome. Our shower started emitting this rather loud, grinding sound around 7am and didn't stop well into the afternoon (from what we could tell), so I was smitten from then on. This was in addition to the hall AND pool area smelling like butts, which we were really pumped about (VEGAS WOOOOOOOOOOO) on the condition we were able to get a decent night's sleep. You know. The thing you're definitely supposed to be able to do in a hotel room. Joke's on you humanity! THE JOKE. IS ON. YOU. Whatever. Sleep's for commies and dead people. I would give this place infinite stars but I only have three, and I need one to get the hell back to Los Angeles, where there aren't nearly enough butt smells to go around. Two stars for you, Tropicana - Las Vegas. You still don't suck as much as Florida in the summer. Congrats.
4	Good hotel! Great rates. Great location. Great service. Enjoyed my stay :)
2	Horrible experience with staff. We had to stand in line for nearly 40min to check in. After an hour the line even doubled and people were queued up all the way through the casion area of the hotel. The front desk was not only understaffed, but also was occupied chatting, giggling and casually walking around.  Not one excuse ... The rooms are nice, but with tiny windows and in our case the king size room was facing the airport. Next time I will spend some more money on a decent place in Las Vegas...
2	I stayed here for 4th of July weekend, arrived July 4th-July 7th.  We got valet service along with baggage service  both pretty quick.  We arrived early so we ate at the beach cafe.  Not a bad lunch menu.  Moderately priced.   We came back to check in and the regular line was though the casino and the HHonors line was short.  Luckily I had the HHonors which only took 10 mins to check in.So we stayed in the paradise tower.  CONS:Our toilet stopped working that same night.  We had to call maintenance twice!  The plumber finally came and fixed it fairly quick.  Our A/C never got below 74.  Which was torture.  The water for the tube was warm but once you turned on the shower it was cold and took a while to get warm.  The vent in the bathroom was full of dust, it even leaked on our toilet.  One of the closet doors kept coming of the track.  Wish each room had a refrigerator. PROS:We had a view of the strip.  The TV was a flat screen, they do have Ihome clock/radios. I liked the shutters.  Each room has two complementary bottles of water. Smelled clean.This is the second time we stayed.  What drew me back the second time was the smell of the casino it doesn't smell like smoke, it has a sweet smell. You can see the renovations in the casino.  Looks fantastic!  One draw back is they don't have poker.  Staff was very friendly, never had a problem with staff.  We went to the laugh factory good line up of comedians.  My first experience we didn't have any problems with the room except the tube wasn't sealed correctly and the water was leaking in the wall. My buddy stayed there and had the brand new renovated Bungalows, not an issue.  It seems like all there rooms are not renovated.  What I don't like is the resort fees.  Seems like more and more Las Vegas Hotels are adding them to the bill.   I don't think I'll come back again.  This isn't a four star resort.
3	Being locals we normally don't have to wait until the "3pm check in" at most hotels, but this being the Sunday after Independence Day, they said they were backed up. The bell men were nice when we dropped off our bags. There was a rather long line when we went to check in but could tell they were trying to get the line moving.  A rep from the Hilton Honors desk pulled us over and got us checked in right away. Being locals she even waived the resort fee.The room was average. The bathroom was 90% remodeled. I say this because the counter was chipped and cracked.  Big tub with great water pressure. The only bad thing in the tub/shower was the shower head was too low and the drain was located on the side. My husband tripped over it skinning his toe and almost falling out of the shower.The bed and pillows were heaven. New tv and clock radio with docking for my iphone. The windows only have plantation shudders so they let the morning light in. Not a good thing after a night of seeing Zumanity and then gambling.The pool while not fancy or huge is one of the cleanest I have seen in Vegas although the drinks pool side were pretty expensive.
1	Upon booking my room about a month before my stay, I requested early check in. This because we were flying in and I knew it was going to be HOT. Before I even boarded  the plane i called the Tropicana again just to reiterate the need for early check in. I was told they had my initial request on file and it shouldn't be a problem. I was informed to just head over to the hotel. Once I'd gotten to the hotel which I'll admit was about 10:30am and really early, i asked if there was a room available. Not shocked that there wasn't because of the time i checked my bags. Jo Ann told me to check back in a few hours and we should be ok. Will kill time getting good and drinks then arrive back at the hotel at 1:00pm. Jo-Ann informed us again that there still weren't any rooms ready. She says to check back in at 2:30pm. I'm thinking," Really? I requested early check in and regular check in is at 3:00 but you want me to come back at 2:30?" I bite my tongue and kill another 1 1/2 hours with my friend and more drinks. At 2:30pm on the dot we are in front of Jo Ann again," She tells me AGAIN there are no rooms available. At this point I'm not very happy but i keep it together. She says and I quote," Early check in is not guaranteed but a request. It looks like its going to be more around 3:30 before I can check you in. You should be lucky that you are even getting a 2 queen room because we are sold out this weekend. We have to accommodate our Diamond Club Members and well as hotel invited guest first." I was in utter shock. That was it! I told her," I should be lucky to get the room I PAID you for a month ago?! Ok..." At that point I just walked away. I've learned that the people at the desk have to answer to someone so just contact the person the answer to. I get the hotel manager on the phone who is more than apologetic when I tell her that I was made to feel like my money was not wanted and that I was less important than their precious Diamond Club Members. Literally within minutes she tells me both my and my friends rooms are ready. How funny is that. I go back to the counter to check in and was lucky enough to NOT get Jo Ann. Jo Ann over hears that the rooms are ready and responds "Thank God!". How unprofessional can one person be? I say nothing, get my key, and go. End of Jo AnnFast forward to my arrival home...I check out and head home on 7/1. While checking my email on 7/3 I notice an alert from my credit card company. Turns out there are $498.13 of fraudulent on-line charges on my credit card. I've had this card for about 4 years with no issues whatsoever so that struck me as odd. Now I'm not saying that this happen at the Tropicana or even that an employee of the Tropicana is to blame. But, I do find it highly coincidental that this happen. The last two times I've used that card were to book my room with the reservations department and to check in at the hotel.There were several pluses about this hotel but the minuses have overshadowed them for me. I will continue to stay at hotels that meet my standard of service( Caesar's, Plant Hollywood, Wynn, etc..) and steer clear of the "New" Tropicana.
2	Pros1. Free Internet, yet very slow2. Free upgrade due to my HH statusCons1. Painfully long check-in and checkout.  At check-in it was explained that the system was down.  How is it still down 2 days later?2. Bathroom - shower is perfect if you're 5'5" or shorter and enjoy alternating between cold and almost scalding hot water3. Location is at the end of the stripThere are better options more centrally located on the strip.  The Tropicana has missed the mark with their half-hearted remodel.
4	Stayed one night on July 11th.  Got in pretty late so no line at check-in.  The provided us with the requested room type as well as a late check in.  Room was in the paradise tower.  Fairly large room didn't spend a lot of time in it, but was nice and we had no problems.  I liked the Casino not overly large and tables located in center as you walk in.  I did stay up pretty late, or is it early, playing blackjack (until 530 am or so) and at around 3am all the good looking female dealers seem to get off leaving mostly older gentlemen, including the cooler who iced our table at around 5 am. I didn't see some of the slots I enjoyed at other hotel during this trip (superman, ghostbusters, wheel of fortune multi player, and block party).  The overall appearance of the Hotel is very nice, sort of old with a modern feel if that's possible.  Like others said very bright which was a plus.  The pool was really nice, but be ready its ice cold.  And of course the free cookie is a good breakfast with a starbucks.  If this hotel was center strip would be way more popular, but I liked it and might stay again.
4	I really enjoyed staying at the Tropicana, and will definitely stay here again. The room wasn't fantastic, but we didn't spend much time there anyway. Despite being an nonsmoking room, I was still hit with the odor of stale cigarette smoke every time I opened the door. My only other complaint is that there was not a refrigerator in our room. The beds were comfy though, and the tub was nice and big. It was kind of a trek to our room in the Club Tower, but that seems to be the case everywhere I've stayed in Vegas. My favorite part about this hotel is the pool! I loved the atmosphere. There was no shortage of chairs, there was a grassy area, and the cocktail waitresses were attentive. There were all kinds of people there, and I didn't feel self-conscious waltzing around in my bikini in my less-than-bikini body. Again, definitely staying here again!
4	I always thought of the tropicana as old and dingy, however a great deal has completely charged my mind! While I wouldn't stop here for the casino, the hotel is quite nice. Nicer than the Luxor or other hotels on the strip around the same price. The other bonus was hilton honors points!!
1	First off, I'm writting this review using my 4G because the Tropicana DOES NOT provide free Wi-Fi everywhere! Even McDonalds has free wifi!! Our room AC does NOT WORK! I woke up sweating at 5am and was told I would have a room around noon, then at 11:50 I was told to wait until 2. Then at 3 I was told no one knew of this room change and that they were not doing room changes today. Frustrating to say the least. This is my second time at the Tripicana, and it will definitely be my last. And they say the pool is te best thing here, well the renovated portion of the pool is blocked off for a club that recently closed down. So don't visit here for the pool. Thoroughly disappointed. AND... It's not just the problem with the AC or lack of proper guest services; the entire hotel is filthy. Gross. Dirty. Stinky. Not clean!!
1	This place is deficient by both Hilton and Las Vegas standards!  The service staff throughout the hotel demonstrate an attitude of disregard - it is like all of the employees are unhappy and no one is in charge to ensure good customer service.  The hotel room was large and clean but does not have a refrigerator.  No express check out.  When at the front desk both to check in and to check out I confirmed that my Hilton Honors number was on file and associated with the stay but I still did not receive Hilton Points or credit for the stay.  Onsite coffee shop food was mediocre and served with the Trop's trademark slow, bad service.  The self-parking lot was full by 6 pm and there are no nearby overflow alternatives.I should have carefully read other recent Yelp reviews - even some of those with better ratings are critical of the hotel.The location is barely still "on the strip" at the far South end.  If you want a nice Hilton room for an overnight stay pass on the Tropicana and go a mile or two South to the Hilton Garden Inn.
4	We stayed for 2 nights and 3 days of july 2013 the room was very clean and the sheets smells like freshly washed laundry. I loved the room because it was simple and nice. The hotel is newly renovated, very bright, airy surrounding, staff was friendly  and accesible to a lot restaurants and party places. We had dinner at The Beach restaurant located at the ground floor of the hotel food was good, affordable and the ambiance was great. No hassles on check in and check out. We will definitely stay in Tropicana again.
2	RANT: Renovated which was nice. I was expecting something scary!!!! Front desk screwed up our reservation however, and it was a pain because I was sleeping during the day for EDC and they kept calling and knocking. We had added one more night to our reservation and apparently check-in guy forgot to add it onto our stay. Front desk lady was being a totally mean and b----ch saying that she's never seen this in her 20+ years working here etc etc like it was MY FAULT. Suffice it to say they need to work on professionalism and training. When we were checking out the guy said our check-in guy was new. Train your new people! Ain't my fault. BOTTOM LINE: Good basic stay however. After all, you're in Vegas.. if you're doing it right you're only in your room to catch some zz's before you hop back onto the strip for eating and partying.FRIDGE? No fridge. Apparently you can ask for one and pay for it...I've stayed at the Venetian and I don't remember a fridge either or hot water/coffee maker. I remember that if you go to Walgreens all the hot water makers are marked as final sale. Related?
1	Do not waste your money here! Hilton should be ashamed of themselves!Everyone here was rude. I am an Hilton honors member and when checking in I asked if I could do a late check out. I was told no they were sold out. I asked if they would call me if someone canceled again I was told no, we don't do that. The front desk guy then says to me all snotty, "Oh I see you booked this through Las Vegas.com" You should have booked it directly through us because sites like that are going to put us out of business. I told him even with my Hiltin Honors status, it was 60.00 more a night to book through you. Then he said, well I guess you will get what you paid for. He proceeded to charge me a 25.00 resort fee. I told him I wanted to pay cash not on my card. He took the cash but put a hold n my card anyway. They did however release it at checkout. Since I checked in late and couldn't get a late check out I asked if after I check out at 11:00 could I use the pool. I was told no, once you check out you can't use the resort. So I paid 25. And could nit even use te pool? I was told sorry its their policy and everyone pys a resort fee even if you can not use the amenities. My room was like 100 mikes away from everything. It took 20 minutes to get to my room, hence his comment you get what you pay for. The room was clean, the bathroom had a bug tub but the shower head was way too low even for me and I am 5"2. I had to angle the shower head up to take my shower but because of it, the floor got soaked. Water pressure sucked and the water did not get very hot. The bed was hard as a rock and very uncomfortable. The wake up call button on the phone was broken so I called the front desk to get an 8:00 call. Never happened. Good think I woke up on my own. When I called to complain, they claimed to have no knowledge of my calling. They asked me what time did I call, I said 12:30 am and then they said they had no record of any calls from my room at that time! Hilton really dropped the ball with this property. I will never stay here again! You get better service at the red roof inn!
4	I had a great stay here recently. The best thing about it was it was not chaotic like other hotels nearby, but the trade off would probably be the lack of shops and food choices inside. I think the only downside was the AC didn't cool our room very well.
5	I had a great stay at the Tropicana. My boyfriend and I stayed here for a week while he was performing at the Laugh Factory comedy club. The people were all very nice. I also really enjoyed the casino, lounge with live music, and the pool area. I visited the gym, which was nice, but it was kind of small for all the people to have enough space. I'd recommend going before 7am or after 11am. The only thing I wish they had was a better food selection within the hotel. However, it is convenient located next to many food courts that are a short walk away. We will come back to the Tropicana next time we visit Las Vegas.PS- Jon Stringer is the best comedian.
2	Meh...stayed here because I got to use my Hilton honors points. The customer service was excellent so they get 2 stars but the hotel is a mess! I thought it was newly renovated?!? The bathrooms were filthy! The ceramic on the bathtub was peeling so it looked dirty and the water pressure was so weak! The faucet was leaky so it was annoyed because of the dripping noise. There was dust everywhere!!!  The person checking me in told me I was upgraded to a strip view...ummmm, yeah it was nice to see the side of MGM. Smh! Nice try! If this was the upgrade I wonder what the standard room looked like?!? The small chair in the room was all stained. The bed were comfy enough. All in all...it looked like an old Vegas hotel. I won't be staying here again!
2	Room was fair.  Bathroom bad.  Pool excellent.  No matter where you want to go in the hotel you have to go through the casino.  What a pain.  Don't come here with kids! Will not be back!
2	We recently stayed at the Tropicana for one night and like all places I review, they always start out with 5 stars. However, there were 3 separate experiences that happened that, had only of them happened I might have overlooked it. However, three times is the charm, or the kiss of death as the case may be.Contrary to what I read on Yelp, check in was a breeze. We arrived around 1pm and were checked in in under 10 minutes. Because we didn't think we could check in until 3, we had left our bags with the valet folks to be brought to the room later, since we were meeting up with people for lunch. We arrived back to the hotel around 7pm, and had 8pm dinner reservations, so we rushed up to the room to change clothes. However, our bags were not in the room. We called downstairs and they said they were coming up "momentarily". 30 minutes later we called and were told the same thing. An hour later (so it's now 8pm, when we were supposed to be at dinner) my husband called down and was very upset and demanded to know where the bags were. Just 1 minute later, they arrived at the door. So not sure what the issue was, but it definitely felt like they were either being dishonest or ignoring our requests. The next morning we went downstairs to meet friends for breakfast and the elevator was broken. We were told by the manager that it would be up and running in "just a moment". No big deal, we were on the 3rd floor so we hopped down the stairs. However, after breakfast (which I will talk about in just a moment) I headed upstairs to pack the bags and bring them downstairs while my husband was finishing playing the slots downstairs (I lost money faster than him!) I didn't even consider that the elevators still wouldn't be working, but they weren't so I had to drag two bags down the stairs. Not one of my finer moments. Again, if the manager had told us it might be awhile, I would have had my husband come with me to get the bags. Lastly, we went to the Beach Cafe for breakfast. The service was really slow and inefficient. Everyone was perfectly nice, but they were either short staffed or not trained well, not sure which. It took nearly an hour to get our food (group of 6, all ordered egg-type dishes so nothing complicated). I ordered a Bloody Mary and never received it and when I asked about it when she brought the food she said she forgot. I told her never mind. We also watched two couples be seated and tables around us and get up to leave since they never got waited on.All in all, I don't think I would stay here again. We gave it a shot because we are Hilton Honors members and this property was supposedly newly remodeled and taken over by Hilton. I really hope that they are able to work out the kinks in management and training to get this hotel where it needs to be.
1	Dreadful in every regard.  No one to help us bring in our luggage.  Very slow, rude check-in.  Room smelled bad.  Loud dripping sounds all night.  Two towels, one shampoo for 3 people.  No coffee in room.  No water in room.  No free wi-fi.  Called housekeeping to make up room at 11: they showed up at 4.  No bellman coming or going...had to schlep our luggage in and out.  Had to walk through casino to get to pool, Starbucks, restaurants.  Great having to explain what a pole-dancer is to a 7-year old.If your idea of Las Vegas is to get drunk and stay up all night, go to Motel 6.  If you want somewhere nice, go elsewhere.  I will be canceling my Hilton Honors account.  Yuk.  PS  Red and Blue heat indicators on the lousy shower were reversed...also great for a kid!
4	My second time in Vegas. We chose the Tropicana because it was the right price and location ($50 after everything). It was a nice clean, accommodating stay. Casino is very nice and so was the room. The staff was friendly. They even waived my $20 resort fee because we got there after 10pm and were only staying 1 night. The pools looked nice although we didn't swim. There is a liquor store nearby (10 minute walk) so you can buy cheaper drinks while in Vegas as well. :-)
3	I recently stayed at the Tropicana with 8 other girls for a bachelorette party and it was ridiculous! We were directly beneath a floor they are doing  construction on and was woken by hammering and buzz saws at 7 am on a Saturday! Not to mention the water got turned off while everyone was getting ready for dinner... Those suites they're building better be worth it! The casino itself was pretty nice, forgiving the random construction on your way to the pool...
2	Nothing special about this place, I guess you get what you pay for. Seems like everything is broken here. My no smoking room smells like smoke.The Spa sucks and your kinda trapped in the hotel. Nasty Pop music playing all day long at the pool.
1	STAY AWAY - UNLESS YOU ARE A HIGH ROLLER - We recently got married and stayed at the Tropicana and had a HORRIBLE experience with the hotel!  The wedding coordinator and wedding itself were perfect, but the hotel service was the worst.  Since they changed management they do not care about their customers that are not big gamblers.  We had reserved an upgraded suite 6 months in advance and on the day of our arrival found out our room was downgraded due to a tournament at the hotel that weekend.   We asked to speak to a manager and he was rude and not helpful at all.  In the end we did not get the room we had reserved, were not compensated for our troubles and did not even reveive an apology from the hotel.  We had guest coming in from different parts of the country and a few of them had issues with their room as well.  They did not care that we were having our wedding ceremony and celebration in their facilities.  The Casino took priority over everything therefore, the money our guest and I were spending was not enough to get some decent service.  HUGE DISSAPOINTMENT.  We had stayed there many times before and had always had a pleasant experience, which is why we decided to have our wedding there.  The new management is horrible.  I suggest staying anywhere else while in Las Vegas!
4	We had an amazing time at The Tropicana and would definitely stay here again. I think it's a really great value-- we booked on Hotwire for $75 a night and with some friendly smiles and charm, we were upgraded to a mini suite that had a view of the south strip and a huge bathtub. We were stoked. The casino is actually my favorite one in this area. It was remodeled recently so it's very bright and clean-looking. They also must pump coconut-scented oxygen in this place as it has this pina colada type smell that I love! The only okay thing about The Tropicana in my opinion is the pool...yet again we spent our entire Saturday at the Mandalay Bay Pool and this one is lackluster in comparison. It's good, but not great in terms of Las Vegas pools. They also have a swim-up poker table and I ALMOST fell for that gimmick. Basically The Tropicana is a great place to stay if you can't afford some of the nicer places in the south strip like Mandalay Bay or the Four Seasons.
4	We had a successful two night stay here. We did valet on the car and our luggage was immediately taken out by the bell hop and they stored it for us while we waited for our room to become available later in the day. Our room was probably ready around 1pm but we didn't get back from our day festivities till almost 6. Check in was a breeze! The front desk clerk was pleasant and answered any resort questions we had. We only had to wait about 10 minutes for our stuff to arrive from bellhop. Our room was in the club tower and a definite upgrade from the last time I was there years ago! The room felt spacious and the beds were extremely comfortable and clean. I liked the island feel decor! The big round bathtub in the shower was extremely roomy and nice as well. I honestly felt like I could breathe in that room  considering I shared with 3 others girls. There was mirrors on the closet doors and in the room which is a huge plus for women sharing a room! Room also had an Ipod radio/alarm clock. We ate at the beach club cafe and the mini food court and both experiences were easy and delicious. I recommend the pizza!I also love the location on this hotel. It was a short walk over to MGM and very easy to get a taxi when you walked out to the front of the hotel. I would definitely stay here again.
1	***Rating is based purely on Customer Service of the Senior Staff of the hotel****Me and my husband have a timeshare in Vegas and I wanted to pay the new "Judge Judy" game.  It was only at the Tropicana and Planet Hollywood.   LORD I WISH I WOULD HAVE GONE TO PLANET HOLLYWOOD!!  Will Explain below.We went to the rewards center since we saw all these signs about "Get reimbursed for the money you lost"....That caught our attention.  We signed up for rewards cards and was told that we will get reimbursed the money we lost (up to $200) in the first 30 days of signing up for the program.  GREAT!   We played, I lost $50 my husband lost $100, so $150 was deposited back into our account to play with.We went back to the Tropicana the day before we were to leave and the entire computer system for rewards/reimbursement was down............aahhh OK.   We went to the rewards counter and asked how long before it was up. We were told that IT had been working on it all morning, no idea when it would be back up.  We went on to say that we were leaving the next day, and if we didn't use our money in the next 6 months, we would lose it.   The girl behind the counter shrugged her shoulders as if to say "your SOL".   3 other couples behind us, heard what was going on and they said "Look, we are in the same boat with that couple...we want our money back"She then called down Tim menta who is the Director of Loyalty & Marketing for the Tropicana.  First thing Tim said to this girl  "Why is this the first time I am hearing of this...no one told me"....WHAT???? YOUR  ENTIRE REIMBURSEMENT/REWARDS SYSTEM THAT YOU HAVE SIGNS EVERYWHERE IN YOUR HOTEL TO JOIN IS DOWN.........AND YOU DIDN'T' KNOW??????????  omg...it was laughable!I told Tim the entire story again and he gave me his business card and said "We will give you your money back"Fast forward to today.  5 voice-mail, MSG to Tim in august, no response.  In my last voice-mail I put "if I do not hear from you today, I will start to call the corporate offices of the Tropicana and work my way to the top"  Wouldn't you know it, I get a call from his assistant THAT SAME DAY!   She went on to tell me that he money was in our rewards account.    I then explained it to her AGAIN, SLOWLY, how I understood that, but if we didn't' use it in 6 months, we would lose it and we were not coming back to Vegas for least a year.   I told her I wanted a refund check sent to me.   She said she would need to talk to Tim ...HERE WE GO AGAIN, AROUND AND AROUND THE CIRCLE WE GO!!I have yet to hear from Tim, or to receive any money refund.   I will never set food in this establishment again............they will never get another dime.  Hope that $800 my husband lost at 3 card poker was worth it................AND I AM STARTING MY CHAIN MAIL TODAY OF THE NEGATIVE EXPERIENCE TO THE CORPORATE OFFICES OF TROPICANA.  Will I get my money back??????? Stay Tuned   (but dont hold your breath)
3	** 3 1/2 Stars**Came here last week after getting a great deal on priceline. I had read all the reviews so I kinda knew what to expect. The renovation is much better than the old NASTY tropicana, but still nothing spectacular by any means. They rooms, however, are really great for the price. I also had some of the issues that other reviewers noted, but when I mentioned this to the manager, she went a long way to make it right.The Casino: It's aiite, but really nothing special. I wouldn't spend any significant amount of time here, but I did gamble for an hour while waiting on my room to be ready. The decor and ambience are all just Blah.The room: very nice and sleek. Reminiscent of Old Miami with a modern twist. The bathroom was ok. The shower was a little dingy and old, but clean. The water pressure and temperature were good. They seemed to have fixed many of the things other reviewers had issues with.The Pool: It looks WAY nicer in the pictures. It was aiite, not horrible, but nothing too special. Next time I will go to the Wynn pool. The restaurant: I had a buffet breakfast here. The omelette bar is amazing and made me one of the best omelettes I have ever had. The rest of the buffet ranged from ok to meh to not good (the undercooked potatoes). Price is a little high for the small selection, but overall an okay buffet.The service: several issues...1) Arrived after 12:30pm and was told the room would not be ready until 2:00pm. The lady at the registration desk made several snide comments relating to my not being as classy or needing anything too special. She commented on how I had purchased the room from priceline and the amount I paid. She carefully pointed out the "you break it, you buy it" clause which I needed to sign, and called it the "spring-break clause". She was abrupt and rude with me as well, and repeatedly said "you'll take anything right? You don't care right? You'll take ANYTHING". I was definitely treated differently than other guests who appeared to have booked directly from the hotel or may have paid more. I found it all very offensive. 2) I had to work hard to get housekeeping to clean my room, and they didn't do it after all. I flagged them down in my hallway at 3:00pm and asked if they could make my room up. They said they were busy and would get to it after they finish the vacant rooms that people had just left. I asked if they could just make my bed and get me some fresh towels. They said they will come back at 5:00pm. I waited, no one came. I went out at 5:15 and came back at midnight, and no one had been there or done anything.3) On check out day, I wanted to take my time until my 11:00am check-out. At 9:30, I was in the bathroom getting ready to shower when housekeeping came to check on rooms that would be vacated that day. She banged on the door loudly, and when I didn't answer right away (was in the bathroom), she entered! I think 9:30 is too early to check if rooms are vacated yet. 4) When I called to complain, it was very hard to reach a manager. The concierge lady I spoke with was rude and almost refused to connect me with a manager. 5) After I finally got to speak with the manager, she heard me out and offered me several comps. She was apologetic and told me that they valued my business. She really went out of her way to make up for my experience, which is why I'm giving them 3 1/2 stars instead of 2 1/2. At check out, when the concierge lady (a different one who I had not seen before) found out I had been comped and had booked from priceline, she gave me attitude as well. Bottom Line: A very blah and mediocre hotel, and definitely not worth the attitude and poor service. Though it's much better than it used to be, they missed the mark by leaps and bounds.
4	I booked my stay here from a vacation package deal on Expedia.  As I only really needed a clean room to stay in, this was a great price.  I am not familiar with the hotel prior to it's renovations, but I found the renovations to be nice. The room was clean, the bed was comfortable, I had a smoking room, which was great.  The lounge acts were ok, the bartenders were very nice and made great drinks. The casino is very small, it seemed more like a boutique hotel maybe?The Cafe restaurant was great for breakfast and a late night dinner.  The steak house, which is fine dining, was the best filet mignon I've ever had hands down. My server was not on top of his game as I saw other servers being, but the food made up for it, a must but bring your money, it's $$$$.I did have a problem with a rude staff member, but I didn't encounter him again after I spoke to management. They were very helpful in hearing what happened and I was comped some costs.Overall, for the price, food and great pools, it;'s a deal. A little off the beaten path as far as being close to the strip and activities, so I did spend a lot on cabs.  So that's something to factor into the cost savings of staying here.
4	I lived in Henderson and Lsa Vegas.  I went to Sean Kingston's 22nd birthday last year at RPM here.  It was fun.  I have been to toooo many hotels and its okay here though
4	This place is not the Wynn! But their service and hospitality is awesome! The rooms are super big for the price. I felt very welcomed and had a great time. I will be back
1	Terrible service. The manager was really condescending. Strange.
4	Nice hotel. Loved the pool! Worth staying in when it's 110 degrees out, because it's nice and cold in the water, especially when hanging out in the shade.
4	We stated a 4 night trip at the tropicana in vegas for hubby's birthday. It was wonderful. The room was spacious, close to the pool and spotless. The casino was also clen, bright and with loose slots and easy to find cocktail waitresses. The restaurant, Biscayne was top notch and very comfortable. Great R n B band in the lounge. Ladonna, at the front desk was tremendously helpful and very courteous. Finally, a big thanks to Ron Chalk- the best casino host ever!!
2	My husband and I have been making it a tradition to go Vegas to celebrate our birthdays. For our hotel, we usually go the cheapo route so we can spend more money on gambling and dining. This year, I decided to book the Tropicana because it is now owned by Hilton. I have gold status with them so I knew our breakfast would be comped at least. The $49 room rate was decent too.I booked a bungalow room thinking it would be nice to have a balcony, but it soon became clear that the AC wasn't functioning properly. I asked to be moved to another room, and the front desk said they would send security over to open up a nearby room. We waited half an hour and no one showed up. So I went to the front desk, and the woman offered to upgrade us to a "mini-suite" in the newer tower. What a joke! It was just a regular room at the end of the hall with a small triangle's worth of extra square footage. Oh well, can't get too uppity about a $49 room, right?I was hoping things would be better on the casino floor, but it was much worse. My husband and I were sitting at the automated roulette table for 30 minutes and watched 4 cocktail waitresses walk right past us. We cashed out and moved over to the bar to play some video poker. The bartender was nice and helped us promptly, but he clearly had no idea what he was doing behind the bar. I ordered a french martini and my husband got a manhattan. Both were made with the wrong liquors.The pool area is clean and not too crowded. We didn't enjoy it all that much though because of the god awful music playing (I think a 12 year old girl choose the playlist) and the retina-burning level of chlorine in the pool.What did save the Tropicana was the great breakfast. The buffet had a decent selection of the usual suspects, and the quality was all average or better. I loved the omlette bar, and the guy working it was awesome. So much fun and very competent. I wasn't his only fan. A group of ladies doing business travel asked to take their picture with him.We had a fun trip despite our accomodations, but I think next year we'll splurge on a nice hotel.
4	I stayed at the Tropicana while attending a conference across the street at the MGM.  I enjoyed my stay.  It was a 15 minute walk to the MGM convention center.  Of course, 10 minutes of that is inside the MGM itself!The rate was good and came in  under the govt. per diem rate.  Of course, like just about every hotel in Vegas they tack on a "resort fee."All of the staff members that I interacted with were helpful and friendly.I checked in on Saturday night at about 7:00 PM and everything went quickly and smoothly.  Interestingly, they limit the number of folks that can check in each day.  I expect that helps with the lines and service.The room was clean, nice sized and comfortable.   It had a nice sized desk and comfortable chair.  The bathroom was large and clean but, the lighting was a bit dim.  The commode was oddly located behind the door.The resort and casino is smaller than many in Vegas.  Frankly, I thought that was a good thing.  It was comfortable and easily walk-able.If you are a Hilton Honors Gold member, you get breakfast in a separate area in the Beach Cafe.  It was a pretty good buffet with access to an omelet station.  It wasn't anything spectacular but did the trick in the land of $25 breakfast buffets...If you're looking for a good deal at  a place a bit quieter than some of the bigger resorts, this might be for you.
2	Well. After a five hour drive we had the wonderfully terrible experience of meeting TJ at the check in counter. The most unhelpful uninterested person on the planet. The reviews on here are correct, check in is a pain in the you know what and helpful service is apparently not in the employee manual. I haven't even seen our room yet....The room was something I would expect to find on Fremont street only our hotel there was cleaner, cheaper and much more friendly. The tropicana room smelled weird. Like smoke and cleaning fluid and must. Overall the bathroom and linens were clean, the tv was a nice flat screen and the bed was comfortable. Overall I would not stay here again, the service cast a shadow of ick over our Vegas experience. Go to the flamingo or MGM instead.
4	Came with my husband for the bike convention & his 100 mile bike ride this weekend.  We choose this hotel for 1) the low rate (under $100) 2) close to the bike ride starting line and I am a loyal Hilton Honor member.  This property is now. Doubletree Hilton hotel.  The room is quiet, large and clean. We received the usual perks for HHdiamond member:  free cookies at check in, breakfast, internet & check in VIP line.  Super friendly nice staff. No complaint for the overall value.  Great pool area to hang out during the day by myself. We got tickets to Ra @ MGM, right across the street. I don't play and the smaller casino area suits me just fine.  I would stay here again.
5	We came here for my 21st birthday and from the very beginning the service was excellent. Jo Ann was the young lady who checked us in and she was fabulous! The room was nice and clean and the restroom was also clean and had a large tub. We had a beautiful view from our tower also. The next night I ordered room service at 3am and was brought the best burger I've had in a long time! The gentleman who brought up my meal was very sweet and courteous! I will DEFINITELY be coming back!
5	Probably the best Hilton Honors benefits available. Good Vegas Strip rates, Diamond upgrade to suite, VIP registration for Diamond members, special buffet area and desperate lines that allowed us to jump to the front of long lines.The two restaurants are expensive and the Italian place that we tried was lousy at best.  The cafe is a much better choice!Fun stay.... We'll be back!
2	The rooms are lovely and comfortable. The reason I gave this hotel only 2 stars is because of the pool. Firstly one is assaulted by the techno music that is blasting at a ridiculously loud volume. Even if you like techno, you'd find this beyond annoying.  I thought at first, okay, I'll just find a quieter place to sit, nope. It's omnipresent. The towel service is great, the lounge seats comfortable and plentiful. Secondly, although the pool looks inviting, it is deceiving. To say the water is cold is a gross understatement. I almost wondered if they loaded it with ice earlier in the day, that is how cold it is. I'm not the only one who feels this way. There is this enormous pool, it's hot and theres a very crowded poolside, but no one  is swimming. It was fun to watch people go over to it, put there feet in, then blanch at the temperature. Not even children could tolerate it. As for the loud music, I asked a couple of the waitresses, who are great, by the way, about the music, if others thought it obtrusive and they said, "Yes, people always comment". They suggested I tell the desk because, "They don't listen to us".  One of the reasons to vacation in Vegas is to relax by the pool. Well, here it was impossible.There were many positives. The Italian restaurant IL Bacio's was great and Todd our waiter was delightful. I enjoyed dancing to the cover band at the Tropicana lounge. The singer Skye5 was truly amazing. The whole band was terrific. They take requests. Skye5 has a really fun quality and banters with the audience making it feel like a party. The Honors breakfast, OUTSTADING! The benefits are good.The gym is great too. It's modern and clean. Lots of windows. They have plenty of machines and weights and a quiet room which is, well, quiet and dark, meditative. The eucalyptus steam room is a plus. The locker room was clean and had everything you need and more. So there you have it. I would stay here again, ONLY if they fix the pool issues. :)Julie P.
3	I have never written a Yelp review and felt I should regarding my recent stay at the hotel. It's been about 10 years since I stayed and the improvements are great. One of my favorite places on the strip due to it's proximity. However, I must say I was really turned off by a hostess that stopped by my room about an hour after getting into the room. I received a knock at the door and within 10 seconds the door was being opened. I was greeted by a woman who asked how my stay was so far and if I needed any towels. During this quick conversation I noticed she was scanning my room as if I had dome something wrong. A strange encounter and one I have never experienced in all the years of staying in Vegas hotels. Is this done everywhere now? Other than that I had a nice time at this hotel and would have given more stars if not for this experience. Towels after being in the room for an hour?
3	The tropicana is coming on up, the hotel is doing a lot of work to promote and clean up the exteriors to make it more lively.
3	First time staying here since renovation. Rooms were ok gotta view of strip but I wouldn't pay over $100 per nite and I believed we did. If I'm gonna pay that kinda money I want a fridge and coffe maker at least. Also we paid for a resort fee we never used. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Location is pretty good. My biggest complaint is with the casino why do they reserve there only Pai Gow table from 6pm until when I check at approximately 2 am on a Friday nite and restrict guests from playing. Shame on you gaming dept you should have at least opened it until the RESV guests showed up. Also it is the only PG table in the whole casino. With that being said I don't think I'll be returning to this hotel again.
5	I love being able to leverage my Diamond Status in Vegas.  They have great Diamond Check-In here, my room was available upon arrival (11:30am), I don't pay for the gym - I love all that.  My conference is at Mandalay but I chose to stay here specifically for Hilton points and I'm glad. This is a nice, newly updated hotel.  I am in a bungalow and it's spacious and clean.  The pool is updated and it doesn't appear as crowded as others.  The service has been good and I'm having a very enjoyable stay.  I would come here again. I would not get this level of service at any other hotel in Vegas.
5	Probably the best Hilton Honors benefits available. Good Vegas Strip rates, Diamond upgrade to suite, VIP registration for Diamond members, special buffet area and desperate lines that allowed us to jump to the front of long lines.The two restaurants are expensive and the Italian place that we tried was lousy at best.  The cafe is a much better choice!Fun stay.... We'll be back!
2	The view of Las Vegas Blvd from our room was great, but that was about it.  There was nothing extraordinary about the hotel other than that. Their swimming pool was extremely clean because it was too friggin cold to swim in.  Not only were there no kids in the pool, there were no adults either.  They should come up with a Titanic theme and add icebergs. Only one breakfast cafe and it was a buffet. Don't think we'll stay there again.
1	I received my $150 refund check a week ago!
3	A decent hotel minus the problem with the agent at check in. And having to hike forever to the room! Its decent enough for 4 stars but not quite there yet but has potential!! They need to change the parking too :-/ other than that it was a pleasant and clean stay
3	I came here with my parents who arrived on Sunday morning.  Thankfully we went for brunch and then to my place before checking them in.  We arrived about 2:30pm thinking we could possibly check in a few minutes before the 3pm check in time.  When they say check in is at 3pm, check in is at 3 pm and not a minute sooner.  Those waiting in the lobby started lining up at about 2:45p  The line was through the end of the counter and down the casino.  We finally get checked in and head up to the room on the 11th floor.  Once there the keys to the room didn't work.  Thankfully a housekeeping supervisor walked by and was able to contact the front desk and have a bellmen bring up a new set of keys.  It was almost 4pm when we finally entered the room.The room itself was normal 2 double beds, a desk, a couple of chairs.  They did have flat screen TV and the clock radio has an iPhone/Pod jack so you could listen to your own music.  My dad checked out the bathroom and was not impressed with the cleanliness of the floor.  It was as if it wasn't clean. We cleaned up the floor and just carried on.Day 2 of the stay, we get back to the hotel and the whole 11th floor smells of lacquer or paint.  We hung out in the room for a while with the windows open.  On our way out for dinner we decide that we should stop at the front desk and ask about the smell.  The front desk clerk asked what room we were in and immediately offered us a new room.  She said someone had released the floor and they should not have booked us in that room as they were remodeling that floor.  We head back upstairs and move ourselves to the other room on the 16th floor.The rest of the stay was nothing out of this world. I did like that they had nice blinds on the windows and that you could open the windows about 2 inches for fresh air.  Would I stay here again, I'm not sure.  I do know that they are remodeling so that is a plus and something I would consider for the future.
2	Not impressed, but turned out mediocre. After an incredible run around with different staff, inconsistent information on the daily, and the major unplanned bummer of the pool being closed (the only reason we chose Tropicana and we didn't find out until check-in), the situation was somewhat repaired by a room change and meal credit. Still, it shouldn't have taken 5 trips to the front desk and being turned away at the Excalibur pool after giving them the "secret" password of the pool manager's name (that is what one Tropicana front desk staffer said we could do), to rectify the situation. The casino is really nice, and the food is top notch (go to Biscayne if you are feeling like steak), but the headache of moving rooms and having to beg for some kind of upgrade due to the unprofessional runaround made this one a bust. On the plus side: the rooms are clean.
1	Do not stay in this hotel. It's not worth what you pay. The house keeping people are extremely rude and if you are placed in club tower and like warm temp, then good luck. They keep the building extremely cold and you cannot turn on the heat. They do not even have a coffee machine in the room and if you order coffee, it is very expensive. Moreover, they got us luke warm coffee with cold cream and when we asked for a hot pot, we got a response that their staff were busy. Do note that they do not allow check in till 3 PM and you have to check out by 11AM. The check in line is extremely long -bad! Bad! They should have more staff helping Also they charge you resort fee and If you call housekeeping for anything, they will hang up on you if they don't have an answer or transfer you to a manager who is a tad but nice but doesn't have anybsolutions. Overall Terrible!! Terrible!! Terrible!!
4	Much nicer than it used to be. Front desk, casino personnel and the Bell and valet people were all very polite and helpful. Nice staff overall. The rooms were clean and nicely decorated - view of the strip was decent. This is one of the smaller properties in Vegas - no room service.I did not like the service at the Beach cafe. One of the only times I have never tipped. I'm sure if they hired more help in this cafe, I would have seen the waiter more than once during dinner service. Food was decent. Tried again for breakfast (not many choices at the Tropicana) service was lacking. Not enough servers to keep the water glasses filled and you may have to walk to the hostess and ask for your check. You should only eat here if you have 2 to 3 hours to waste.Was here for a wedding. Service was nice and organized but took place outside where the entire Beach cafe as well as anyone with a balcony could watch. There was a loud party at the cafe which was annoying. The reception inside the Tropicana convention rooms was very nice. The space was nice, food was good, service was excellent - just wish the DJ had lighting (lasers, flashing lights, etc) was stale without them.Overall, I prefer a larger hotel with more services and choices to eat and play but Tropicana is a nice, friendly place.
2	I came to Vegas for my bachelorette weekend and chose to stay at the "New" Tropicana. I had made this trip 3 months in advance and didn't even get the 2 queen beds that I asked for. I was anything but impressed, from the moment I arrived it was long lines, fees and attitudes. My bridal party and I get up to the room and I go into the bathroom and those complimentary shampoo/conditioner bottles were all used along with a waded up piece of blonde hair around the cap of the conditioner. YUCK!!! The girls and I were disgusted! I took the bottles down wrapped in toilet paper and when I spoke with the manager about it I wasn't upset and acting rude probably like I should have been, they just apologized and said the room fee for just that night would be comped (which was only 20 dollars) and they would replace the bottles right away. The girls and I left to go to dinner came back to the hotel and they still weren't replaced! The next day we needed the sheets changed so I called for room service to get that taken care of we went out the whole day came back room was clean pulled back the sheets and all they did was make the bed, not change the sheets as I asked! I was disappointed with all the staff especially the manager, the room and just the overall experience.... I will say I did like all of the renovations on the first floor other than that will never be staying here again!
1	This is NOT a 4 star hotel and is NOT 4 star service. I have stayed many places in Vegas and this was on par with a 2 star hotel at best.We requested a non-smoking room and were given the option to change our check in to late night (without a discount for the day we paid we would not have a room for) or to take smoking room. We had a wedding to get to in a couple of hours and needed a place to get ready. We requested taking the smoking room and transferring to a non-smoking room later or for the second day of our stay and were told it was out of the question. We asked the girl who checked us in if there was anything that can be done as I suffer from asthma and apnea, and the smoke would exacerbate things. Her response was that they could give us free cookies. Which, by the way, they give everyone on check in... No hotel coupons or promos. No two for one drinks or free appetizers with dinner at a hotel restaurant. Nothing to justify the hotel's supposed "4-star service." At least the cookies were good. The customer service was lacking not only in check in but also when you tried to call down to the front desk and were met with no answer. Check out was a breeze but I am sure the woman who checked us out could tell by my face she shouldn't ask "How was your stay?"Our room was spacious, the beds were okay, but the decorative pillows were dirty as was the shower. The ceiling in the bathroom had an electrical access panel which fell out when the winds kicked up so we were constantly adjusting it back into place. This was probably the reason the shower was less than clean, but your couldn't blame mother nature for the pillows.Our door did not seal properly, resulting in a very alarming 4 am wake up by a security guard who entered our room rather than knocking or calling up to give us warning.The resort fee is high for what you get. Free internet is great, as is a gym on site, but you have to pay an additional $18 to use the locker room/shower/steam room at the gym. This would result in a very sweaty uncomfortable walk across the hotel to get back to your room to clean up. I'd rather just pay for internet or a gym pass. Rule of thumb: Either charge a resort fee or charge for services, when you charge for both you come off as a scam.The pool looked nice but it was half closed for the season. Its funny, the advertisement that came through on the hotel had the CEO saying "We treat our guests like family." That's either VERY false advertising or  I'd hate to be in that family.
2	Stayed here for a short weekend holiday.  Rooms were good size, easy to get to and clean.  I did not like having to leave my room for coffee, no coffee makers in the room.  It is located right across from the MGM Grand which was the site for our concert, so in that regard the location was great.
2	I stayed there before the renovation and it definitely left a bad taste in my mouth. The rooms were okay. The hallways of the hotel were disgusting ... the staff did not clean room service food from the hallways for days. The only nice thing is we had a balcony looking at the strip and the pool was okay. They did back than at least have slot machines that still spit out change which I thought was pretty cool!
5	We always stay at the Trop when in Vegas. We have a GREAT Casino host, Iris, and she did an especially nice job this time. We had a sort of famliy reunion in October at the Trop. Iris always makes sure we are taken care of as best as she can (related to our level of play) and this time she also took care of all the family members who came with. People that have never even been to the Trop before had an easy checkin with their players cards all ready when checking in. No issues at all (other than I wanted a suite lol). We were all there on different schedules and no matter what the day or time the staff was great and there was not one issue. When we did sleep in all we had to do is call housekeeping and someone came right away to make up the room and at no time were we shorted anything and the room was always cleaned. All the staff that I came in contact with was great except for one of the older cocktail waitresses who maybe should retire. She acts like getting drinks for gamblers is a chore and is very, very slow. I guess that is the one thing that could be improved on. I have to say the service for slot gamers is usually a bit lacking even when you are a good tipper. At times there is just not enough of them. I did gamble at a few other casino's and have to say that at a few of them the drink service was much better but at a few (MGM and NYNY were way slower). I would like to personally thank our casino host Iris for an outstanding job and helping to make some elderly family memebers very comfortable during our stay. We were there for 7 days & 6 nights and had no issues with the hotel or the staff.  The only thing I would change for next time (which will be in March) is to have either a bungalow suite or a bungalow room overlooking the pool.  Thanks!  Terry & Anna
3	The last an only time I had stayed at the Tropicana prior to this trip was about 10 years ago before the renovations, it was pretty awful back then!My husband found a great deal on hotwire, and I had heard a lot about the renovations that had been done so we decided to give it another shot. It is definitely much improved, though not up to par with a lot of the other swanky hotels on the strip. It's by no means swanky! But it was clean, the rooms were comfortable and surprisingly quiet.
2	A very mediocre hotel experience. We waited probably 40 minutes in line to be checked into the hotel. It was a Monday night.It was $160 for us to stay 2 nights and I have to say, it definitely wasn't worth that. The room was fairly small and our accommodations didn't even include a fridge or microwave.Casino is nice looking, but a lot smaller than ones in a lot of the other hotels along the strip if you're staying to gamble.Staff was mediocre. TV wasn't working properly during our entire stay- not sure if the problem was with the satellite or the tv itself but we weren't getting a proper signal. (However, we did not ask for help because it was not a top priority, so I cannot comment on how the staff handled the problem.)And lastly, they gave us vouchers for free cookies and we couldn't even find the place to redeem them. We looked all over the hotel, even using the map, and could not find the secret place where these supposed free cookies are given out.So no cookies for us :(
4	This review is for the casino only. I wasn't staying at the hotel so I have no idea how it is. I hadn't been to the Trop since it was renovated but I have to say it's a much nicer place now. Less crowds, noise, and smoke than most of the bigger casinos. Also I actually won money here and lost everywhere else! Just a much cozier place to play. Really friendly people too. No complaints at all about the Tropicana from me!
1	I have never given a one star review before so I really had to think about this one.It's unfortunate that the hotel's leadership team does not take customer concerns more seriously.  I have repeatedly contacted the property since Sept. 2013 and there has been no response.If you request to speak with yhe GM you grt brushed off and the impression given is that the GM is not available for guests.If you have an easily resolvable problem, I hope that you have better luck getting assistance.  My Hilton HHonors status did very little for me at this property which is a shame. I was looking forward to having a go to hotel in LV but I really can't recommend the Tropicana.
1	As a Hilton diamond member. I am not use to the arrogant treatment at the front desk during check in while being given a downgraded room. I reserved a king and received a twin double. This basic room had no in room coffee and the lines to both the Beach Cafe and Starbucks were over 45 minutes both mornings . Not impressed with this hotel at any price. I expected more from a Hilton property!  I do miss the old Las Vegas where the only place you got bent over was in the casino or a brothel!
4	I stayed at old Tropicana many moons ago, the new revitalization by Hilton definitely brought some nice change to a once known as old rundown place to the modern days.  The location has always been convenience to access other the southern locations on the Strip. HHonors members can now experience perked treatment with their own check-in lanes, and VIP check-in being Diamond.  The rooms are much cleaner now with fancy shutter windows.  Everything worked as intended in our rooms.Casino had this too-good-to-be-true $200 on them promotion, but it really was just when you lost $200, they will give you $100 then mail you the other $100 after 30 days, unlike the $5-10 dollars they give you to gamble at other chains.Compared to our last experience at Grand Vacation on the Strip was like day and night here.  I'll definitely consider this place before others from now on.
3	This was my first stay at the Tropicana and according to my man, also the last. I was told that the Tropicana was once a dump that has now been newly remodeled. Well there are three things that I think they still need to remodel.1. I didn't like the smell of the hotel. It was something vanilla based that just kinda turned my stomach.2. Our shower was shit. It took 7 minutes for the water to get warm enough for me to get in. As soon as I got in the shower, the water turned cold again within five minutes. Also, the shower head really needed to be replaced. There was barely any water coming out. The drain also must have been clogged because the water began to form a small pond at my feet and there was some sort of permanent stain on the shower floor. My man took a shower this morning and got no hot water at all.3. I don't gamble, but the casino was small and mediocre, lacked the excitement that some of the others have and seemed slow moving.I would say that I'd come again, but babe vetoed that.
2	Well it's  still the same Tropicana on the outside doesn't look any different but on the inside, remodeled did a really good job remodeling they do have a all new pool area with a day club it comes from the hip atmosphere of Nikki Beach club in Miami Florida it's, looks pretty cool,Looks like a fun place in the summertime, I'll  have to come check it out.
1	The staffs was rude and management doesn't seem to care. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
1	Very BAD service! Every room stinks of cigarettes! No water in the bathroom. and we paid $180/night here!  If looking for a bargain chose Circus Circus instead. Otherwise pay just a bit more and stay in a decent hotel. Total junk!
4	Don't waste your precious gambling and recreating time reading other drunk people's reviews. Bottom line: I'd stay here again without hesitation.
4	Just got back from another  a fun birthday weekend. All in all we found the experience quite pleasant. A couple of highlight:The renovated rooms: I hadn't stayed at the Tropicana befoir ehte recent remodel but from the rooms I saw last year and this year its definitely great value for your money. I stayed at a couple of similarly priced hotelds more centered on the strip but the Tropicana def. had the edge on room quality. Casino:Yes you're not going to get the giant square footage of some of the giant casinos in the center of the strip but the tables floor is always bussling with a exciting amount of action without having to wait for a $10-$15 min. table to open up. Customer Service:All the staff members I interacted with where friendly and helpful. A specialy thank you to our bell man Dean who was especially kind and fun to talk to while we waited for our valet. Was a special icing on the cake to have our last interaction leaving LV be such a down to earth and fun one. All in all a great value if you want an affordable hotel on the strip that's also a great way to begin and end the night.
5	The new remodeled Tropicana is awesome!!!! The service is great and the atmosphere is feels very welcoming! The casino is just perfect not too pack and just the enough fun! Can't wait to go back!
1	No no no! Our first day/night our a/c wasn't working and so it was hot. Then every night we stayed there including the first, when we pulled back, what was supposed to be, clean bed sheets we found hair! And not any hair, pubic hair! Omg...*gag*...there were like 4 or 5 of them! Also the sheets had these yellowish stains from overuse. It was disgusting. And to make matters worse my boyfriend kept breaking out in hives in the morning! When we finally checked out I talked to the guy behind the counter who said all he could do was return the resort's fees. I may end up contacting Hotwire and see about getting a refund. Ugh. Never again with this place!
3	Stayed during the Holiday Kick Start 4 days 3 nights at a real good price! Hotel is less smokey and way brighter (light) than any other casino. I like the fact that they cater to Hilton Honors member that was why I choose this hotel. It was my first stay, only they took customers before us 0-O? whats the point of catering to your members if you going to ignore them. The rooms were nice we got three and two were conjoined. Only thing was i had a stain on my caret (spot treatment) and the bathrooms were remolded but they kept the old tubs by the looks of it were had scratched, stained and black spots in both our rooms! Not an awful place to stay the valet service was quick. I felt inconvenienced when the Justin Timberlake concert started during our stay we had to show our key cards to go up and down the elevator!
4	Just stayed here over the weekend, not bad at all!I've stayed at almost every hotel in Vegas so I try to stay somewhere new every time if I can. This worked out real well because I was going to the JT concert right next door at MGM and found out there was a bridge that connected the two hotels!I got a great rate for my room (60 bucks a night thru Bookit.com). We actually didn't make it for the first night there but check in early for our second day and they only charged us the resort fee for the one night (20 bucks for parking, wifi, water bottles, the usual). They also upgraded us the the Paradise tower for free (yay) which I believe is bigger, newer, and was closer to the entrance so it was really easy for us to come down the elevator and get out of the hotel without passing thru the busy smoke filled casino. And since they are a Hilton hotel (I had no idea) we get free DELICIOUS complimentary cookies, a nice touch. The room was nice, modern and bright, I felt like I was staying in a tropical place with the bright orange colors and bamboo lined furniture haha.  Parking structure was very close and easy to find parking even on the weekend. It's not crowded or busy right outside the hotel unlike the more central hotels on the strip which is refreshing if you want to get away from all that. But considering Hakkassan is right next door, the newer popular club at the moment, I would totally consider staying here for a night out with the girls. The hotel soaps were nothing impressive and I didn't get to try out the pool because its chilly in December! But I would
3	The Trop is now a Hilton property - a Doubletree to be exact. I'm not particular about where I stay in Vegas, so on a recent weekend trip there I decided to book here since it was on special for 20% off. The rooms are large and the bathroom is spacious as well. I loved that you can open the windows and the fancy shutters on them.pros: a separate check in line for all HH members and a separate room for Diamond and other VIPS, separate breakfast area for HH members (smaller buffet plus omelets), cookie coupons (those cookies are damn good), great location.cons: if you're a HH member, the $20 resort fee is a bummer since you'd get those benefits anyways.Overall, if the price is right, this is a great place to stay on the Strip.
1	One of the oldest casino on the strip and it looks it.  Sure they modified and revamped it, but it just doesn't compared to the other casinos and it still feels dated. Not as many table games and the slots are not new.  Even though it's on a corner with 3 other large casinos and has a bridge to access them, they seem to be be far away.  Perhaps because the other casinos bridge goes directly into the casinos where the Tropicana still requires walking to get to there place.  I think they need to tear down the place because the modifications still didn't do enough for me to want to come back.
3	This review is for the Paradise Tower.Some positives :- The rooms and inside of the hotel have been refurbished. It's clean & bright.- Upgraded carpeting in hallway of each floor and in the rooms- Newer paint- New plantation shutters- The beds were comfy enough- Free Wi-Fi, but technically it's included in the $20 hotel/resort service fee which one pays on top of the actual nightly fee (which also includes "free" parking)Some negatives :- The rooms didn't have a complete makeover. I believe the bathtub (noticed some chipping on the surface) & shower heads weren't upgraded. Only the vanities, toilets, wall finishes, some fixtures and probably flooring were upgraded.- The room still has some leftover cigarette smell/odor especially thru the ventilation duct (when the A/C was turned on) and even inside the closet, eventhough the room was for non-smoking. Opening up the room's window helped a bit in allowing some fresh air.- Lack of power outlets in the room.Overall, decent price for a refurbished hotel on the strip (just a bit south).
1	What a disappointment this place was. I am a Hilton Honors Diamond Member and stay in Hilton properties at least 2 nights a week. From the moment I walked in the door I had the feeling they could give a rats ass whether I was there or not. I was told at the front desk that I was in one of the nicer remodeled rooms. The room I was in hadn't been remodeled in at least 10 years it was clean but was worn out. In every hilton property I stay in there is always a welcome letter and a few treats waiting for me in my room, not this place. The only part of my visit that was halfway decent was the complimentary buffet breakfast that was offered for gold and diamond HH club members, I will add that if I had to pay for it I would not have been happy. I wanted to order pan cakes off the menu and the waitress told me I would have to pay al-carte  for them. I was ok with that until I found out they were $11. Yes I said $11 for a side order of pancakes. To add insult to injury I signed up for the players club which is totally misleading, don't waste your time and have never done so badly on slots in my life and tried my luck 3 different times. I stayed 4 nights and when I was checking out I saw a VIP sign on a door behind the front desk marked Gold and Diamond HH Club Members. I inquired with front desk clerk and he said oh yes that is for our HIlton Honors Club Members there are free drink and d'oeuvres nightly. It would have been nice if someone had pointed that out when I checked in rather than when I checkout. My advice is stay away from this place there are too many nice places in Vegas to stay and this is not one of them.
4	Staff was very friendly and room were basic but clean. Would definitely consider staying here another time.
2	If you want to stay on the Las Vegas Strip and walk to other newer for classier hotels, the Tropicana may be one of your choices.  The Tropicana has been refurbished to the color white.  It makes the hotel look cheap but a total face lift was probably not in the budget.  The interior, rooms and event halls have been painted white but in a cheesy way.  The price of rooms is not a deal for the average accommodations plus the annoying resort fee. If the Tropicana was a hooker, then you are getting one that has passed her prime and is missing a tooth.
3	We purchased our room on Hotels Tonight. The place was okay but not my favorite casino. If you advertise free wifi with your resort fee, don't only allow us to get it for one day for free. If that's the case, charge one day of resort fee. Check in was really long but I understand due to it being New Year's Eve but I thought they would have had more people on staff instead of two.
2	I give the hotel a 2- and there Tropicana Nights dinner Dee Skye a perfect 10, go here for the lounge NOT the hotel. My cousin spent thousands of dollars at Trop for her wedding, they didn't have any rooms ready for bride or guests upon late arrival, when I consulted the manager he first fought with me, as I demanded they comp the brides room after hideous service...then after he agreed to comp it, at check out they still had to pay...low class hotel. Poor service of the management staff. Only go for the amazing live music!
2	Unbelievably disappointing. The room is lovely and the staff was EXTREMELY nice, but the pool is a joke. The only reason we booked this hotel was because it was "the best pool in Vegas."  Not so. It looks like an apartment complex. There is a different pool area that looks like a Mediterranean paradise but....it's closed. This is what you see on the website. False advertisement....  It's owned by a private company and only available if you rent it for a private party.   Additionally, the pool for regular guests isn't heated. They claim it's broken, but it's been "broken" forever. Save yourself and stay somewhere else.
2	Stay was ok; at least my room was clean and didn't have an awful room experience like what other reviewers were talking about.  The worst part is the resort fee itself of $22.39 (fee + tax)/night which bumped their 3 star to 2 star.  It covers free wi-fi and use of fitness center.  I bought my hotel stay through Priceline, thought I was saving $ until I saw the resort fee.  It made my hotel "savings" not a savings at all.  Booo to that!  Some advice - stay at a better hotel for the same price on the strip other than Tropicana cuz they'll have better facilities and quality products.
3	Kinda bad location far from the center of the strip. If you don't mind waling this is a really nice place to stay. The rooms are very clean, the pool is beautiful. The casino is okay. I would say that if your looking for a nice pool to relax with swim up Blackjack and a nice lounge area this is the place to be.
1	By Las Vegas standard this hotel should be one star. The new Tropicana is "lipstick on a pig". The rooms had no sound barriers, you can hear your neighbor talking, flushing, and ....  The service is even worst. No one in this hotel has any idea what customer service and guest relation is about...so don't bother complaining.
1	Monday at 8pm and the food court is closed till Friday. The Beach Cafe is at least an hour wait for a table (as is room service), 30 minutes minimum for to-go orders.
3	The refreshed Trop would be great if they kept it up better .  For example, our room in the Paradise tower has two sets of carpet stains, water spots on the mirror, and toothpaste residue in the sink; juuust enough for us to wonder if the room's bed was only made up , and new towels put out only.  The staff is truly nice here, yet ... There are so few of them! Example- Last night we ate late at the Beach cafe. One waitress, one bartender, one cook, that's it.  The Trop feels like an old, neat, historic Vegas hotel that got a cheap update; Hilton could do better with it. My final example is getting hit with the smell of cigarette smoke as you pass through only the first set of doors into the lobby; it gets stronger inside. Yet. The new decor is nice, the TV huge, the plantation shutters a great tough , the bed very comfy.  It seems to need do little.....
2	Had a really bad experience at check in that made me feel unwelcome.  The property itself was fine - clean and pleasant enough.  A good physical facility has to be staffed with people that have a service mentality and that work to establish an environment that is welcoming and warm.  The Tropicana has a ways to go to meet what I believe are reasonable service standards for the hotel they say they are.
3	The hotel is ok. The bathroom is by far drawback. The tub looks old and the ceiling above looks gross. The toilet "ran" all night keeping me half awake. I was too lazy to get up and play with it to shut it up! The rooms cut some noise, but we could still hear noisy neighbors.  We got this on Priceline- not sure I agree with the 4star rating.
4	As I grew up in Las Vegas I remember the Tropicana from back in the day. Never really had a need to go there since leaving for LA in 93. However, being a Hilton Diamond member for the last 11 years has me trying new Hilton property locations all the time. When I discovered that Doubletree had partnered with the Trop, I thought I'd give it a try. First thing I noticed is they had done some remodeling on the main casino floor and what I thought was a nice touch is the little kiosk style bar that is managed by a 3rd party. They have a separate reservation desk for Diamond members inside a secluded room that helps set the tone early. The three or so times I've stayed there I was pleased with the accommodations. Rather than go through what I didn't like, I will just say there was nothing that jumped out at me like, room smelled, stains on sheets, etc.The room is fairly modern and looking out at the pool from the balcony suggests to me it's pretty lively during the weekend when it's hot. I'm headed back again this week for business. Relatively good room value & centrally located, I would recommend to anyone looking for a mid-tier room while in Vegas.
1	When my husband and I first arrived we were excited because we had been on the road for 6 hours but when we arrived we were told we had to wait an additional 45 minutes because our room was not ready yet. We understood because we were told they were behind. Once we were assigned a room in the bungalow tower, we came to our room and it was freezing and when we called the front desk they sent someone over to look at the heater for us. When the man arrived he said he would not be able to do anything and we should ask for more blankets. There is no fridge or no coffee in this room. Overall, I am not satisfied with this hotel.
3	I stayed at the Trop during my Vegas Vacation this past week and had a decent experience.  The Lobby, floor, and side lounges/restaurants are pretty, but pail in comparison to other Strip hotels and come across as old and stuffy.  The Room was very nice overall and had quite large.  I was impressed with the bathroom size as well, although the tub felt a little small.  It came with a nice Bungalow couch as well as the King sized bed which is nice if you're traveling in packs I suppose.  Negatives:  Well that goddamn resort fee came of nowhere as I booked Expedia, but F me I guess everyone does that BS.  Speaking of BS, Wifi was not free as far as I could tell which SUCKS in the modern age, but again that's the Strip for you.  The bathroom had a couple of plumbing problems.  They were fixing the sink as we arrived but the damn Tub kept getting backed up with 6 inches of water when we showered which was odd.  We gambled a bit on the machines but got our asses handed to us and never hit anything better then a Straight on Video Poker over the course of an Hour, so not too jazzed about that.  Too far of a walk from the nicer places on the strip as well :/.Overall it's a decent place to visit if you want to save a buck on your hotel, but I don't think I'll be coming back again.
1	Everyone that's been to Vegas has seen the Tropicana. It's one of those "classics". Personally, I like the newer hotels, but we had a work event here, so didn't really have a choice. People kept telling me it's actually pretty nice now, given that they have gone through a major renovation. It is now called "The New Tropicana". I was skeptical, but didn't have a choice. I decided to suck it up and give it a chance. I soon learned that this is one of those hotels that really pisses me off. The "new" part is just a facelift. I'll explain...Upon arriving, I liked that the hotel is so close to the airport. It is a smaller hotel, so less hassle with the cab drop-off. Upon paying the cab, I started to head into the hotel only to find that they actually have stairs at the entrance. Um...I just arrived on a flight and have my carry-on. I have to now drag it up stairs? Thanks! There are only like 5 stairs, but still. I saw that there was a ramp at the very end that looped around and disappeared to the side, so I figured it was just easier to lift the bags up the stairs. The lobby was nice and white and clean. The check-in desk was also really nice with everything white and neon backlights. It looked promising! I checked in using the Hilton Honors line, but turned out it was slower than the main line. Oh well. The lady checked me in and I headed to the room. It was in the Club Tower, which was all the way on the other side of the hotel. At least it was close to the conference center. However, turns out that housekeeping was just getting to my room to clean it. The attendant was puzzled as to why they would check me into that room, since she had just got to it, hadn't cleaned it yet, and it wasn't cleared for check-ins. She couldn't call the front desk for me. I didn't feel like dragging my luggage back and asking for another room. So I asked housekeeping to let me keep my luggage there and I would come back whenever she was done - 30 minutes. Upon returning, the room was clean. It looked fine enough. The main door didn't close by itself since it grazed up against the latch. You had to push it shut. And I had to remember to do that on my way out. The room was like a typical Doubletree hotel - nothing great, but decent. It didn't have any Vegas flair, but I was there for work. Things went downhill from there. The next morning, after showering, I grabbed a towel, only to be utterly disgusted. I felt sick to my stomach as I realized that the towel had blood stains on it!! I was in a rush to get to my work meetings, so I grabbed another towel, which thankfully was clean, and used that. I didn't have time to call and complain, but I wrote a note and took a picture, which I will upload here. I was left with a gross feeling all day. The work day was long, and I got back to my room late. The next morning, after the shower, I grabbed a towel, and was using it. Half way through, I notice it had big black stains! AGAIN?!?! Sure, it's my fault for not checking before using, but is that the expectation of a hotel guest?? Even after I had left a note for housekeeping the prior day, couldn't they have double checked when they restocked the towels? I left another note and was again disgusted. I went to the front desk to complain. I showed them the pictures. The lady apologized and made a call to housekeeping. I was there during a break and had to rush back to a work meeting, so couldn't wait for her to finish her call, but there was no talk about compensating me for the two back to back days of disgusting towels. WTF? Additionally, the stupid message light on the phone in my room was always flashing. However, when I picked up the receiver and pressed the Check Messages button, it just went to a busy signal. I tried this many times. I'm not a light sleeper so the light didn't bother me, but I'm sure it would bother other guests. Sorry for the long review, but after these incidents I'm never staying at this place again. The facelift didn't do anything to change the underlying problems of customer service. Having a guest feel disgusting all day because of the uncleanliness of the place is a simple way to lose your customers...especially without doing anything to make up for it.
1	This place should have been knocked down to make room for a real resort. It's half ass in almost every way. The casino stinks like perfume and cigarettes mixed together and none of the 3 restaurants are open after 9pm. The one restraint that is open only serves cold food after 10pm and that is just ridiculous in Vegas. It's not a real resort and can't compete with its neighbors.
3	It may have been renovated but it's still curiously 1970's in decor and ambiance. My inexpensive room was extremely comfortable for the two nights that I spent in Las Vegas but a resort fee when the pools were seasonally closed is a rip-off.  I was upgraded to a room in the Club Tower without asking, and which I suspect may not appeal to a majority of their guests since it's a long way from the lobby. I didn't mind the exercise and my room was clean and very comfortable. Unusually, I got a much better room price from a travel site than the hotel would offer me, even after I pointed this out to them, There's not much in the way of customer service here so I'd only recommend the New Tropicana if you get a very good deal on the room rate. You won't want to eat here as the restaurants aren't worth patronizing, particularly when there are so many alternatives to try.
1	Holy fuck where do I start???01. Smelly.02. Fugly rooms.03. Room Service Sucks.04. A bit on the dirty side.05. Called 4 times for room service no shows.06. Broken appliances, faulty furniture, dirty sheets.07. They charge for anything and everything 5 corks.08. Read paperwork before you sign it for hidden Fees.09. Puta madre don't come here this place vale pito.10. Don't do it run from this place, dont truat this place
1	I stayed here the second time for the sin city shootout softball tournament in January.  This was my second time. Last year I had no problems, but this year I was assigned to the second floor near the front entrance.  The first shower I took, the water pressure was strong coming out of the tub, but when switched to the shower, the water pressure barely came out.  I called the front desk and they transferred me to housekeeping.   Then a maintenance worker came into the room to replace the air filter.  He said he knew nothing about the shower head being broken.  I asked him to fix it, but he said he was only doing air filter replacements.  He told me to call back to the front desk.  This continued 3 more times from Thursday and Friday.  Finally I asked to be moved to a different room.  Front desk told me they were sold out at my room rate and if I wanted to move, I would have to pay the difference.  Totally terrible customer service.  I ended up showering in my neighbor's room for the rest of my stay.  So when I got home, I completed the survey they emailed me.  I received an email response from Shelby Masacek on 1-24-2014 apologizing and asking me to personally call him or her when planning my next visit.  Really??  That is your response??  OK, that won't happen because I will NEVER stay there again.  #1, being all defensive about the shower head.  I mean really, it is a $15 shower head.  Did they expect me to go to home depot and buy it myself?  If they are willing to loose a returning customer over a $15 shower head, then what else can happen?  #2, Refusing to move me.  Speaks for itself.  #3, There are so many customer service problems here with the staff, that I don't feel it will change or that this is an isolated incident.  The wifi also was on and off.  I didnt mention that because I spent all my time showering in my neighbors room. #4  Shining Light:  I ate a few times at the cafe.  Totally delicious and the staff there were amazing.  Even after the parties let out, they were swamped but they did an incredible job.   That restaurant GM should take over the entire hotel if they want to save it.  Finally, Guests expect to be pampered in Vegas, not put on the defensive or be expected to solve customer service problems.  The New Tropicana really fell short of my expectations.
1	This hotel has some of the worst customer service I have seen in Vegas.I arrived at the hotel at 9pm on a Friday.  There were 2 parties ahead of me and 2 people working behind the counter.  There were also 2 managerial types standing behind the counter having a private discussion.  It took 30 minutes for me to get up the counter to begin checking in.  Never did any one of the 4 people smile, say hello, or say sorry for the wait.  The worker who finally checked me in was rude, spoke broken English, and made me feel like I was putting her out.  I was also informed I needed to pay a $20/day resort fee.  I assure you the Tropicana is NOT a resort and I still have no clue what the fee covers since its advertised as free parking and you have to PAY FOR WIFI.I finally arrived in my room to find it pretty decent except for a stench coming from the desk area where the guests before me had left food trash and had not been emptied.    Yum.  The bathroom was ok except the fixtures and door are all outdated and work out.  The  towels had been washed so many times there were little wear holes in most of them.  The TV offers about 10 channels that are Spanish or sports.  The hotel itself is reminiscent of a prison, all white plain tall buildings.  The casino has carpet that is probably still left over from 1980.  You can tell they have tried to dump some money into the main casino, but its definitely a failure.  The type of people you see in the casino and around the hotel are leaving much to be desired.Every employee I saw looked unhappy, bored, and disgruntled.  I figured maybe this was typical Vegas as they are trapped inside a casino all day, but after visiting several other hotels on my trip  the "new" Tropicana definitely takes the cake for subpar customer service skills.Compared to other hotels and prices I would say that this hotel and service is worth about $40/night.  If you are paying any more than that, do yourself a favor and take your business elsewhere.
4	The remodel is on point. Favorite hotel by far. Loved the staff and that free cookie was the bees knees. I can't wait to stay again.
3	I like the Tropicana. I like the smell they pump in this casino. I like that it is light and bright inside. Despite this, I don't think I would stay there... it is so far from the central strip. Anyway, a friend and I went here to play in the middle of the day on a Saturday. We were approached to open a player's club card and their card is decent, especially if you plan on gambling a lot (get free play for half of your losses over 20$...not bad). My problem was the waitress service. We sat at their machines forever... the waitress came once... we tipped...not sure why we got ignored after that. The drinks were good too, we would have stayed there and played if they had the waitress come around consistently. Unfortunately, after playing for 20-30 minutes with no attention, we decided to move on. Up your game Tropicana!
5	This casino and hotel has been completely re-done in the last year or two. Its very nice inside and out. The rooms are clean and bright and the staff is very friendly. I have stayed here the last two winters and the COMPS are great! If you stop in try to say hello to either Gwen or Nellie, who both work the front desk, and are very helpful! I will definitely be back!! The Laugh Factory Comedy Club, located inside the casino, is also lots of fun!!!
4	The renovated hotel was very pretty and comfortable. Clean and great service. Only bad thing is walking all the way to the back of the hotel to get to your room. I dont mind walking and "exercising" but that's not what I want to do when I am on vacation and tired at night from walking all day. Overall it was fine.
4	Stayed here the weekend before Halloween. The hotel is really nice on the inside I had no wait for check-in due to the fact that I checked in early and I mean EARLY (10:30am) luckily they had a room available for early check-in. Get to the room it was HUGE everything was clean and I had a nice view  through the shutters.... Yeah they were wood grain shutters. Beds were comfy everything was pretty clean. I think they may want to look into their housekeeping because I showered and left at around 9am to go gamble and came back around 2pm and my bed was not made and the towels were not replaced. I've been to Vegas plenty times and sometimes the housekeeping wakes ME up  in the mornings lol I stayed here 3 nights and that exact scenario happened twiceI enjoyed my stay, great location, not very busy so it wasn't crowded.
4	I can only review the casino.The outside of the hotel is rather dismal,  it looks like a shroud has been placed over it, or they never finished painting and just have the primer done.  The windows appear covered and it gives the place a rather creepy look.I never went in to the casino before this visit because the exterior is so unappealing.Once inside, I was pleasantly surprised by a clean, bright, well maintained and  cheerful environment.The craps table crew are professional, friendly, fun and very nice.(They made it fun to lose money!)  The slots machines are fun, but they need to loosen them up a bit.Everyone we encountered was friendly and professional.  Courtesy is lacking in so many professions.  It was refreshing to see the staff overall was courteous and respectful.  It must speak higher up to hiring and training.
4	This place is where I've been staying the past few times I came to Vegas. Mostly because I love there rooms and sports book. The payouts are the most on the strip and the best I've seen in Vegas or anywhere for that matter. My lady likes it here to gamble and we always stay for free.
5	The rooms are as nice as any in Vegas and considerably larger.Every one is Hilton friendly and that is usually enough for me.I had dinner at Biscayne and it was wonderful.I will be back for sure
1	I can't believe there is a hotel that still charges for internet. And at that it is $10 for only 5MB. Rooms are dated and sort of clean. Bathrooms have a weird shower setup. Did I mention they charge for internet?? Even after being a diamond member and paying a $20 resort fee.
4	Booked last minute trip to Vegas via Hotwire and got Tropicana. At first I was skeptical based on some reviews plus I usually stay at the Aria but it turned out okay.The rooms are renovated and have a comfortable bed and decent room space. For the price you pay it was definitely worth it plus easy access to both MGM and the strip.Wouldn't be against staying here again. I recommend the closest tower to the hotel lobby and as any other hotel yes there is a "hotel fee"  but nothing out of the ordinary. Checked in around 2am, just call ahead and give them a heads up
3	It's much better than the old run down Tropicana, but still not up to par with the rest of the strip at 4 star level.  The bathrooms tub, grouting, etc. was still old.  The rooms where okay.  Nothing to rant and rave about.  The location is great and that's what your pretty much paying for.
3	I think my only two complaints are:1. My room number was marked, but not what tower I was in.  So I ended up going to the wrong tower before asking.2. As with all Vegas hotels, no coffee maker!?  Sheesh.P.S. The tv remote for my room didn't work.I never stayed here prior to the remodeling so my first impression is "well, this is pretty nice".  No big chain restaurants here, which is cool because you can explore...but it sucks when you're pressed for time and just need to buy an over priced subway sandwich or whatever.
2	Wow, I thought the place had been significantly improved. However the rooms were significantly smaller and less modern then a better priced Palazzo or Venetian.  Tidy but something you would expect from a $70 a night comfort inn..Do yourself a favor and don't use Priceline for Las Vegas if you are not sure of where you must be.  If you do purchase cancellation insurance, and if you get the Tropicana look for an excuse to pull the pin.
1	We arrived for a convention and were "upgraded" by Rose to the Bungalows(a complete misnomer, closer to the casino, but, definitely not bungalows).   But, we were told that it was an upgrade so, we were pleased.  The rooms were fine, nothing spectacular, but fine.Until we returned to our rooms later in the evening and they were sweltering.  (It was February, and it was unseasonably warm.)  I have MS, and heat totally exacerbates symptoms.  We called and asked how to turn on the A/C (thinking that we had already done so before we went out for the evening).  We were told that the A/C was not working, and that there were no available rooms.   Miraculously, the next morning at 9 they had a lovely room in the tower.  Great views from here, except they have these weird screen like things tht make you feel a little like you're in prison.  And it wasn't there the night before, but it was all set and ready to move into at 9 the next morning?  Right.So-so rooms and dreadful customer service.And,yes, I could make this an ADA issue, but, while I have MS, unless I am over heated, I am disables by it at all.
1	I wish there was an option for no stars at all. This is absolutely the worst customer service I have ever experienced in my life. I would rather have stayed at motel 6. Not only was our room not ready on time- they didn't even have the correct room booked for us! We were told we would be notified in about 20 minutes when our room was ready. Well 2 hours later and we still haven't gotten a call. I had to call them myself and when I finally did get my room key the staff was defensive and argumentative with me about how they were " trying to help".  I honestly felt insulted the I tore time I dealt with the staff- they made me feel incredibly unwanted and unwelcome. Clearly they were NEVER trained on handling customer issues. The decor is dated and the staff is absolutely impossible, the manager of the cafe seems to be the only person with a brain in their head- he should run the entire hotel and teach the rest of the staff a thing or two about customer service and running a business. This place ruined my birthday and to be quite honest I wish I stayed home! Was not worth the hassle!
3	Pros--free cookies at check in--convenient starbucks--well-priced--ability to drop off your luggage until your rooms are ready and post-check out/pre airport.--Biscanye is delicious, and the wait staff is fantastic.--Very clean, renovated rooms, nicely tucked away from a lot of the noise on the strip.Cons:--The staff in the business office were incredibly rude when we were awaiting the arrival of a guest's passport after her wallet was stolen the night before.  They were almost mocking the situation, which only made a stressful situation worse.--2/3 of the rooms we stayed in had charges on them that we did not make.  The first was $150, and the second was around $40. They removed them when we disputed the charges because we had never visited the establishments they came from.  While they waived the resort fee in one of the rooms, the other didn't receive similar treatment.  Perhaps, their mistakes only count if they are over $100.--We were told our rooms would be ready at 2pm when we arrived early at 10am, so we went to do some exploring of the strip.  We came back at 2:45, not ready--have to wait until 3-5pm. At 4pm, 2/3 of the rooms were ready. Finally, at 5:10pm, after being told we would be called when the rooms were ready, we go to the desk. Suddenly, the rooms are available.Pool-specific:--They don't allow you to BYOB at the pool, or any snacks, yet they don't enforce it once you're inside the pool area.  So, if you can conceal your snacks and booze, go for it.--most of the pool was closed off during our stay, and it closes at 6pm.  This is las vegas, pools and hot tubs should probably be open after hours--even if it's just from 21+ residents, or if the pool bar ran some sort of happy hour--Note to the pool management: if you leave the bar menus around the lounge chairs, you'll get more impulse buys.
4	We chose the Tropicana for it's proximity to the Mandalay Bay and being in very close proximity to the strip without all the hustle and bustle with trying to get in and out of your hotel, we also wanted to check out what it looked like since the remodel. We got a good price on the room so that was a plus. Unfortunately, upon check in, they didn't have our selected room type available and offered us a smoking room. We nicely declined. They said they could give us a room of our type in the Bungalow Tower. We accepted being that we were tired, and needed to get ready for our evening event. I asked if it was an equivalent to the room I had originally booked and with hesitation, she said yes. The room was OK, it was right off of the Beach cafe and you need your room key to access the tower which made me feel safe but at the same time felt like it was the "projects" of the Hotel (according to my BF). Room was a lot smaller than expected but clean. There was an awkward balcony that over looked what seemed to be a loading dock or utility parking lot. But if you looked up you had a view of the Mandalay Bay, which was nice. We didn't utilize any room service this time or even gamble in the Hotel but the whole new look is fresh and nice. We ate at the Beach Cafe, which is 24 hours, and their food is pretty good. Service wasn't all that great but it was 3 am. Valet service was awesome and very helpful. All in all we enjoyed our stay. We will book again if we can get the same great rate.
1	Can't believe how bad of an experience I had. I waited in line to check in for 45 minutes. Then get up to a room with a broken tv. Wait for maintenance for 30 minutes. Wake up with enough time to shower and hit the airport, and go to shower and of course that is broken too. Thanks for making me irritated before I fly. My one quick night here was horrible. I will tell my company not to waste their money here again. The room was mediocre so nothing special. No wonder they had rooms.
4	Stayed there last christmas & it's nice...i got a room just below the penthouse suites & it was clean, large and welcoming environment,bathroom thruout, the whole suite.As James Bond would say "it looks quite comfortable" .....and it is.Altho it's a shame the pools arent open in the winter & heated, but that being said i had a very pleasant stay there and would definately stay there again.Yes the casino may not be as large as the others on the strip and no it may not have all the bells & whistles that others do.....But when you walk in & see the carpet you know it's one of the last standing hotels from the heyday of Vegas & i hope it never gets demolished like the rest.
5	I have been coming to Las Vegas for years, and I have never stayed at the Tropicana. I truly had the time of my life. I was treated like a King from the begining, to the end. What made me decide to write this review, was a lovely lady by the name of Ladonna Alberto. She works at the front desk, and was so warm and welcoming. She was so sweet and helpful, even tho, I was very grumpy from loosing money. I work for SBE in L.A., I live breathe and sleep customer service. Miss Alberto is a true professional, and does an outstanding job, at keeping guest happy. Great job tropicana for having miss Alberto, to represent your conpany, in such a classy manor. It's amazing, how you can loose all your money, but feel good coming back. The staff alone would bring me back to the Tropicana. They no how to make you feel at home. The Tropicana is Number 1, in pampering hotel guest!
4	Stayed here for a few days with my family over spring break.  They have a great pool area that gets tons of sun and is sheltered away from the buzz of the strip.  The hotel is nice, bright and feels a lot less dungeon-like than some of the other casinos on the strip.  The beds were comfortable, the room was quiet and we had a terrific view of the strip (NYNY, MGM & Excalibur).  It is very convenient to attractions on the strip as well as the monorail which is at the MGM.  Anyone who has stayed in LV knows that the hotel rooms have a tendency to be a bit beat up, coffee makers are no where to be found and pretty much every hotel has a line during check in.  However for the price, $62 per night on priceline +$22 per day resort fee, I think this hotel was an overall great deal.  The free cookies & water bottles were a nice bonus as well.
5	I recently stayed here for work and I was happy that the hotel has really invested in air fresheners. So when u come in, you don't smell the cigarette smoke but the fresh aroma of  a new hotel.  The pool is great! Looks clean too!
2	Rooms aren't bad but the rooms bathroom is disgusting. AC didn't work and the maid stole something from my room. Good music at the pool but overall place was whack.
3	Note: the three star rating isn't because this is a negative, but it's tough for me to compare this property to my five star rated hotels like the Waldorf in NY, the Hilton Orlando, Bellagio in Vegas, Conrad Hong Kong, etc. So don't interpret my 3 star as being unhappy. For the money, this hotel is a good deal. I happen to like this hotel--mainly because it is now part of the Doubletree group, so I get my Hilton Honors points. Truth be told, if it were not for being able to earn Hilton Honor points I might stay elsewhere. That being said-- once you understand this hotel is an older property that hashed an extensive renovation, it's easier to overlook the old bones of the basic structure and appreciate it. I love the warm Doubletree Chocolate Chip Cookies they give you at check in. I really like the two main restaurants-- Biscayne and Bacio. Good value, good food. The pool area and grounds are nice.  The casino is fine. The bars are fine. The property does attract an older clientele and slightly more budget conscious. Not likely to find the young trendy hip swinging crowd at Cosmo, Planet Hollywood, MGM or Mandalay Bay but that's okay by me. I tend to get around the strip anyway, and actually the Trop is easily accessible to MGM, NY/NY and others. So stay for the Hilton points, enjoy the restaurants but spend the rest of your time elsewhere. The rooms are ok- nothing impressive, but clean. Towels are crappy. Bathrooms are not as up to date as I prefer. One final comment- the hotel staff are really friendly here. I have seen some of the same faces here for many times I've been back. That's a good sign.
5	I always enjoy my stay at the Tropicana. I just returned home from Las Vegas and even though I didn't stay at the Tropicana we visited every night. They have a blackjack dealer there that goes by the name of Chris with a K (kris). He makes sure we're having a great time every time we go in there. Unfortunately most of the time I leave a review on yelp it's not a positive one. I just wanted to make sure that Tropicana knows why we go in there every time we visit Las Vegas! See you again soon Kris!
5	This past weekend after many trips to Vegas    Me and my family stayed at the Tropicana. For the 1st time. Upon arrival you can see the changes a completely new look on the out side, the new logo is fresh and trendy.  The inside is even better the check in area looks modern and very cool, the casino floor and over all of the entire place looks great The rooms are good looking the pool area is really nice. over all the new tropicana is well thought out in design great job. "On a side note" the only thing we dislike is the check in time we arrive into Vegas around 9:30am from a long 3.5hr drive from Los Angeles. It would be nice if there's a way management can accommodate those who have already reserved rooms to make their trips easy and more pleasant, because not everyone gets into Vegas at the require time for check in witch is set 3pm. It's my believe if there's a way to accommodate people who arrive early they'll keep coming back.
3	I was gonna wait until I checked out to do a review. But dam the stench of the hallway outside of my room is too much. I'm here with my wife. Who is here on a training for her employer. After we checked in I thought "what's the big deal. This looks nice ". Til we got up to our floor. The 5th floor. There must hv bn some kinda of a flooding or something. Cz they hv had this industrial fan out in the hallway since we checked in on Monday. At first I was tolerable. But dam. This hallway flat out reaks. There jst no other way to say it. It fucking stinks. Also we were treated to a tray that sat outside the hallway from the room next to ours for a day and a half. The hotel as whole isn't too bad. The slot games are ok. The waitresses are old. I'mean is this where Vegas waitresses come to die? Cz fuck they're pretty tired looking. But very nice. I guess that's good enough. I'm not much of a gambler. My wife loves keno and can play for hours. I pretty much drink. Oh and eat. Well eating here is not so good. Cz there isn't much of a selection. It's pretty basic. A food court. What a joke. A Starbucks. Oh yea and two over priced restaurants. I've been going off the strip all week for good food. By the way if you get off the strip. There are some GREAT places to eat. If this wast a paid stay. I would not stay here. Unless of course u don't care abt this kinda stuff. The room was not too bad. The tv channels sucked. The bathroom was ok. I slept great. My wife said sure could feel the bed springs thru the mattress. I've read on yelp that stuff cums up missing if they service ur room. So I haven't let them service mine. We check out Friday soooooo. There ya go.
3	Arriving to Tropicana my friends and I were greeted by the doorman- where we checked our bags to wander around Vegas. At 3 PM we checked into our room, two beds, a view of the pool and a great view of the Vegas strip, and shortly after our bags were brought up to our rooms and put into our closet for us. Thanks for that because we had five big luggages for our three night getaway. Beds were soft and clean. The bathroom was very nice as well and the soaps (even though I don't use them) smelled very nice! Over the course of the stay....I had to call maintenance once- he came in less than five minutes to fix the chain on our toilet so it would flush. Thank you!I had to call security once- I was locked out of my room because my room key stopped working. I waited on security for over thirty minutes, soaking wet, in my bikini sitting in the lobby of my floor. No thanks to him. All he did was open my door for me and it took that long. The pool....was closed on Friday and Saturday due to "severe" weather. I didn't know wind was severe but I guess if it's over 15 mph then it is? They said the pool was closed because the wind kept knocking the lawn chairs into people. Well then remove the lawn chairs and let people lay on the grass right? Maybe it's just me. I did get to enjoy the pool on Sunday though. Nothing too special so I didn't miss much. The casino....free drinks all night as long as you gamble right? No. Most of the servers I had were great. Brought me more than one drink and were very sweet. The last server I had...brought me one drink and got upset when I didn't tip her. Why would I tip when you've only brought me ONE drink? Bring me at least two drinks and be attentive and then I will tip you. And do not ask for a tip. (Her words exactly: oh so y'all don't tip? Oh so you're not going to tip?) seriously don't understand why she thought bringing me one drink meant she deserved a tip. Oh so you can get a tip and never come back around? No. I'll tip someone else. I also thought tips meant you had to earn them not expect them but I come from a different place so I must be misinformed. Overall I had a great experience here even with the minor mishaps this is still a good hotel to stay at.
5	The staff here are friendly and go out of their way to assist their customers.  I had an awesome experience with a female security officer when I was there gambling she assisted my disabled friend and I up to our room and was extremely courteous.
2	I don't have too much to say about Tropicana. The place was clean and the parking was convenient. And that's about it. The pool staff was as unhelpful and cocky as can be. The prices in the restaurants and ships in Tropicana are beyond a joke. Should you run out of sun tan lotion at the pool be prepared to pay $17+ for a replacement at the Tropicana. Asked for a smoke free room.  Apparently they thought I said smoke full because that's what I got. Even if they fix all that crap you still have to deal with the fact that you are at the end of the strip and have to walk a mile to get to he center of the strip. Pay a little more and stay somewhere closer to the center so you don't have to go so far to get everywhere you want to go.
3	My boyfriend and I met in Vegas for a weekend away and stayed here.  Upon pulling up, I immediately felt like old Vegas.  The kind you see in the old gangster movies; I can't out my finger on it specifically, but I loved it.  The entry way was solid glass doors and marble floors.  There was no line, so check in was super simple.  My boyfriend quickly made a new friend in the concierge and they chatted about football.  We got up to our room and it was cool and roomy.  The bathroom was amazing and spacious too.  For us being over 6' each, we absolutely appreciated this fact!The bed was super comfy and there were so many pillows; I loved it!  The windows were actually able to open to overlook the strip... that was pretty cool!  We ate at the restaurant on the second floor in the hotel one night and it was a buffet that night.  That was the most delicious buffet I've ever attended.  We had wine and watched all the strange people walking around to their rooms.  The staff was friendly and courteous; they were always willing to help out.  The guys out front calling cabs were so helpful and efficient.  When the last day came around, that was a wonderful thing!I would definitely stay here again for the price, the location, the comfort, and the space!
4	Actually I didn't stay in the hotel, but I had much more fun in its casino.. All stuff including hotel & casino were rly friendly, even guests & players were so funny & we had a good time gambling together.. Next time I'm sure it would be the first on my preferences list!!!!
5	Tropicana is where you have to catch a lot of shuttles to get to where you need to go. They also have shows you might be interested in. Shops like other hotels too. My favorite part, is that they have my favorite slot machine there & this place is decorated in all pinks, orange & purples. Its right next to MGM.
1	I am sure that many people who come to Las Vegas to gamble or vacation and who have a large tolerance for smoke can enjoy this hotel.  I came here for a technical meeting and found this hotel very inappropriate for that purpose.  My single star is in that context.1.  Walking in and out of the hotel from either my room or the conference section, required walking through a very long and very smoky casino.  (Smoke gives me a headache.)2.  The air conditioning seems to connect all sections of the enterprise, so the air quality in even nominally smoke-free rooms was poor.3.  Everything costs.  There is no in-room coffee and everything in the shops is expensive - $3.25 for a cookie.  Bring your own hot water pot and snacks.Most of the staff was pleasant and helpful, but I did note that the Indian guy ahead of me in line at a buffet in the Havana room did not get much interest from staff when he asked about vegetarian food.
1	Paid for a king strip view in the paradise tower and upon checking in they put us in a club tower room, when I complained the front desk said there was nothing they could do and even though I received a confirmation and prepaid that didn't guarantee my room. The front desk said that the room they gave us was comparable to the one I had reserved, yeah.....right, We had a wonderful view of the airport and could not sleep due to the noise, I checked online and the room they gave us was cheaper than the one I had originally booked. Also the fan to the bathroom was extremely loud, when I checked the filter, it was caked with dirt and lint. I would recommend to stay else where, it is really far from everything and there are far better hotels around.
1	Let's start by saying that I went down for a large birthday party October 2013, we had 7 rooms booked for our group, and only one room was "fine."  Our first room was in the back by the parking lot, where all night there were headlights shining in and loud thumping music, so we requested to be moved. Our second room felt damp and smelled like cigarettes, even though it was a non smoking room, there were several questionable stains on the carpet. But the worst part was the BLACK MOLD on the grout of the shower, and chipped out grout.  This is supposed to be newly remodeled, but it was done very cheaply with no quality control.We requested to be moved again, even back to our loud room, but they said they were booked solid.  We requested some one to come clean it and that was about 6 pm.  At 2:30 am we finally got a knock on the door to clean.  We were already in bed, but desperately wanted it cleaned, so we fell asleep to the smell of bleach and scrubbing.In the other rooms, one couple checked out due to similar problems.  The birthday couple's room wasn't ready, and they had to wait 2 hours for their room, even though we all checked in at 9 pm.  There were other complaints about cleanliness from the people in the group, but they can write their own reviews.The cantina down by the pool had a completely incompetent bartender who kept walking away and forgetting our order, so we had to repeat it 3 times before he thought to write it down.  I had to walk away before I snapped.Oh, and why does the pool area need to play really loud club music in the morning?  it was deafening and drove us away.Upon leaving, we had to stash our luggage at the bag check for a few hours which would have been great of they hadn't "lost" it.  It took the guy forever and he came back to say that he didn't think we had checked any or maybe we had picked it up earlier?  No, bud, we would have remembered if we had picked up our luggage already.  He then asked if we remembered which room he had put them in... We ended up escorting him and finding our own bags for him.  In the process, we could have collected any number of bags for all he bothered to care or check. BEWARE!
2	Love the new digs, but really the line to check in. Even being a diamond level hilton honors???? Your check really need some improving!!! Come on Trop!!
1	I have stayed at the Aria, the Wynn, and the Luxor while in Vegas and would NEVER recommend anyone stay here. My fiance and I were meeting another couple in Vegas and while we were driving from Phoenix, they were flying in from Atlanta, and I wanted to limit their costs so I agreed to stay here. Based on the price, and the reputation of having the best pool in Vegas, we booked our rooms. I have NO idea how this place got best pool? Maybe back when it was built?? I booked us a Bungalow room with hopes of having a nicer than standard room and got a decent deal through their website. Self parking was free and that was about the nicest thing I could say about this place.There are no doormen to help you when you arrive, not that you expect that at this level of hotel but it would have been nice given the double doors and carrying suitcases. Check-in went smoothly and we were told we could pick up our cookies from another location within the hotel. I have no idea why they wouldn't have them at the Registration desk, if only to hope you forget about picking up their free cookie...which we did.Walking through the casino you are engulfed by smoke. Many, if not all, of the newer properties in Vegas have a much better ventilation system to handle the smoke. This place was like something out of the 80s. The casino floor was very small and only one small area of tables. When we were at the tables or slots, we were never approached by a cocktail waitress at either. The Bungalow rooms are behind a locked door that you have to use your key to access. This gave me high hopes that our room would be really nice. They were quickly squashed...not to mention you almost get knocked over if someone is leaving the Bungalow area. Watch out for those red doors! We were put on the second floor and the elevator in this area is TINY. And SLOW. We only took the elevator when arriving the first day and leaving on our last. The rest of the time we took the stairs and that's never a pleasant experience anyway.Upon entering our room 5234, there was a musty smell and we were startled by the extremely loud door slamming behind us. Since our door did this, it meant everyone's did this, so it made for a noisy experience as people don't catch the doors on the way in and out. The room was spacious but no mini fridge (though not the norm in Vegas) but it would have been appreciated for the two mini water bottles they provided. The bathroom was small with very limited room on the vanity. They supplied you with shampoo, conditioner and lotion...NO body wash so bring your own.  In addition, the toilet paper holder was broken and housekeeping neatly folded the toilet paper end and placed it on the back of the toilet. Classy. In addition, there was a very long, dark hair hanging off the bathroom door handle. It remained there the whole 4 days we were there. The hair dryer is also terrible so plan on bringing your own of that too. The one good thing was the shower had nice pressure and a nice tiled floor and walls.Our bed was comfortable but definitely basic and the pillows were comfortable. The linens were horrible though. They felt extremely cheap and thin. The room had nice artwork...and that's about the best I can compliment it. The patio included in the bungalow room was nice but overlooking the pool only reminded me that I will never stay here again. The pool was ugly with cheap looking chairs, an ugly walkway and no inspiration anywhere. I still have no idea how it ever won best pool in Vegas.For all the deals they provide in Vegas, spend a little extra more and stay somewhere nicer even if you aren't in your room that much.
4	I love the place. Not the typical dark casino. Everything is light and friendly. The dealers are super nice. Try to find Tracy. She is so much fun to play with. Overall a good place to stay.
4	The Tropicana Hotel and Casino recently got a face lift. It still isn't the prettiest, the coolest, or the nicest casino on the Strip. I respect the owners for keeping it the only family run casino on Las Vegas Boulevard. It's one of the only casino on the strip that has a locals friendly feel to it. The rooms are nice and have been upgraded. Flat screen tellys, big bathtubs, free WiFi, comfy beds, and awesome views of the strip (if you're high enough up and your room faces North).The Havana Room which previously housed several failed day/nightclubs (RPM, Nikki Beach, and Bagatelle) is now rented out for private parties and events. Still a beautiful space.The Comedy Stop at the Trop is no more and is now the Laugh Factory pulling in top comedians and this place also has one of the grooviest lounge bands of all. Mama Mia! is now playing in their theater. There is also a mid-day magic show too.Like all casinos, there's lots of slots, table games, and card games. Several restaurants, various bars, and lots of crazy carpeting and no clocks to be found anywhere.
5	Best Trip Ever  We arrived a little before check-in time and thankfully our room was ready. The room was on floor 5 of the Paradise Tower with an amazing strip view. This is not our first trip here so I have a few tips;  Valet park.  Bellman service if you have more than a light load of bags.  Free Chocolate Chip Cookie.  The Lounge has live band playing and  they were quite good.  Request Paradise Tower as it is closer to all the action.  Laugh Factory Rocks.   Have you ever had a trip where you just couldn't loose? This was that kind of trip. I'm not a high roller at all, I just play slots and video poker. the first night I was up $300.00 and the second night I hit a royal flush progressive for over $1,600.00. Drink service was awesome.    Aside from all of that me and my wife had a great time sight seeing and listening to live music in the lounge.   Rupaul was here filming Drag Race in the Havana Room and the place was full of amateur  transvestites and some were just funny as can be falling off of their size 20 high heels sporting a five o'clock shadow. I can't make up stuff this funny.
3	The bungalow room has just basic elements. There is no refrigerator for storing cold drinks. The drinks @ the bar were average for the strip. A beer was $8.50. Back to the room, the room was muggy when we got in but the air-conditioning worked well so the room cooled down quick. The bed comfort was average. There were plenty of pillows. It had an iPod/radio which I didn't try but it seemed to work at least in telling time. Even though check out was @ 11 we were able to check out by 12 @ no charge so that was a nice touch considering I didn't wake up till 10 am. The room had a descent view of the Excalibur and Luxor and navigating to the various hotels was very easy. Good location in terms of accessibility to different shops on the Las Vegas strip.
4	All I can say is Wow!!! Those of us that knew the Old Tropicana would never have imagined that it would be what it is today. Rooms are tropical and up to todays Vegas standards.  The casino is bright, vibrant and smells like paradise.   It seems everything about the Trop now is fresh and impressive.
5	Let's just say I started off my night at the wraparound suite at the Cosmo and ended up checking in at 1am to the tropicana the same night.I was asked to tell my guest to leave as I was celebrating my 21st birthday at the Cosmo so I ended up driving down the street and checking in to the Trop .I was so angry and stressed out but the woman at the front desk made the check in process so fast and simple I even asked before checking in if it was okay to have some of my friends over and she was like Yes of course and gave me extra keys.i had a fabulous stay I stayed in the high roller penthouse suite and it was AMAZING they even price matched on hotel tonight Exactly as pictured nice big spacious living and master bedroom amazing jacuzzi and I absolutely loved the "homey" feel it had.Thank goodness for wooden floors or else I might never have gotten my deposit back we played music and had a great time with no one ever even coming to bother us once.Trop didn't having that luxurious feel but I'd choose the high roller suite over wraparound anyday.Thanks for a great stay and a night to remember Trop! Will def be back :)
3	I really can't complain since we got an excellent bargain off of hotwire ($31/night), but if I had to pay the original prices based off of the hotels website, I think my review would be much more critical. The hotel lobby and casino are nicely kept, a bit smokey but what Las Vegas hotel isn't. The room size itself was adequate and the bed was comfy.  Very simple, no coffeemaker or refrigerator in the room.  The walls needed a bit of repair, some faded wall spots were very apparent and our bathroom door would not close.  Called maintanence but they did not show up the whole weekend we were there to fix it.  I would rate this hotel a 3/5 and would say it's more of a 3 star than 4 star.  Would stay again if I receieved the same deal.  I would also ask to stay in the Paradise Tower because it's closer to main entrance.  The Club Tower is quite a walk. Lastly, this hotel is one of the south end hotels and adjacent from the MGM.  It is a bit far from the middle of Las Vegas BLVD where all the action is.
2	My parents who frequent Vegas told us the Tropicana was one of their favorite places to gamble while there so my sisters and I made sure to check it out while on our family trip. Although we did not personally stay there, we did walk over to gamble one night. The dealers attitudes were very off-putting and one of them even rolled her eyes as we put money on the table. We figured that since the crowd in there was a little older they probably didn't want us walking in with our yardstick margaritas and livening the place up a bit. But honestly we were not loud, intoxicated, or distracting in any way and we felt we were treated very rudely and stereotypical. We all lost money and the energy was extremely negative. I will never go there to gamble again. At least not until i'm 50 and i'll be treated mire respectfully i guess.
1	This place sucks. It took us 3 hours to check into our room. And the dealers were rude and disrespectful. A dealer named KT and some lady dealer was rude to me and telling me to back away from the table that my friends were playing at 5 in the morning. First of all, you took forever to prepare our room when it should have been done at 2 pm when we checked in at 6 pm and then you are going to tell me to back away from my friends playing blackjack. Absolutely ridiculous, this hotel sucks. I would rather spend way more money for a decent hotel then this crap of a hotel. Tropicana sucks! Worst hotel on the strip.
4	I thought the Trop was great.  The price is on the low end of the spectrum for the Vegas strip, but I thought the room was comfy and pretty nice.  Definitely a step up from the cheap ass Excalibur across the street.  Hilton runs it, and I find that they have a certain standard of quality that holds up.The casino is pretty paltry for gambling types, but the location is centrally located near NY/NY, MGM and the Luxor.The pool area is awesome.My biggest complaint is that the shutters in the room don't completely block out the light, so if you've been partying all night, it might be a little more difficult to get some shuteye.
1	Sure, it's ok (at best) until you have a problem. The casino is decent, although quite small with not a lot of table games. However, should something bad happen, for example, housekeeping walks off with a couple of dresses, don't expect management to be of much help. When a couple items went missing from our room on a Friday, we were told that we'd "have to wait until Monday for Risk Management to review the claim", instead of getting actual help in trying to track down those items.I also realize that this next complaint is probably a common practice, but it's still an unethical one: Be prepared to have a $20 "resort fee" tacked on in addition to what you've already paid when you reserve the room.--------------------------------Follow-up: The dresses were found. In the Housekeeping Supervisor's office. After 2 days of me trying to get them to track them down.
4	The new Tropicana is nice. There are still issues that they need to iron out.The new lobby is beautiful and not as kitschy. The lobby is beautiful and white and polished. The previous Tropicana was filled with dust and plastic plants the last time i visited. I made reservations for this hotel room for the Future insights conference. Rooms were set at a group rate at $75 per night; making it more reasonable.Also, this Tropicana will charge you 19.99 resort fee for the pool, the gym, etc.The pool is very nice and beautiful. It's a little dirty.The gym is so super tiny and small. It sits on top of the pool area. The gym doesn't have any A/c so making it very uncomfortable to work out. The largest weight here is 45 pounds.The reservation desk is a bit on the slow side. Be sure to have your Hilton water number to get ahead of the line. If you need to get cheap breakfast the Starbucks near the middle of the hotel lobby is your best bet. They offer microwaved sandwiches. The other restaurant options for breakfast are more expensive.Overall, i'd give it a 3.5. I decided to round up because i paid 75 per night.
4	I had a good experience here at the Trop. We had a super early flight and arrived on a Thursday morning around 7AM. Went to the front registration desk and asked if we can check in early and at the same time upgraded from club tower deluxe to the paradise tower deluxe for $10 extra per night. The lady working at that time was nice enough to take the request and said she would call us if anything opens up before our actual check in time at 2PM. We killed a few hours by getting breakfast and taking a nap by the pool side, which was quite nice. Around 12PM we got a call saying that our room was ready. No complains about the room(926) except that the shower head was a little loose and the tub had a few chips and nicks. My favorite part of the room was the bed, which was nice, big, and comfy. It was much needed for a long trip in Vegas. On the last day we called in the morning of asking to check out an hour later without additional charge. Finally, I was clumsy enough before heading to the airport to leave my wallet on one of the slot machines. I thought I was totally screwed until I went to the lost and found and one of the workers picked it up before anyone else could!!!
1	Room service disgusting... Never staying here again no robes no fridge and I deff over paid
2	We weren't too impressed with the  'newly remodeled rooms'. We enjoy the one in Laughlin do wanted to check this one out. They didn't let us know that they are affiliated with a large chain. ( hilton I think ) and then wouldn't give us the points after we had left. Rooms far in the back and not the best food options. Prices for rooms are pretty high for what you get.
3	I've come here for years.  It has changed a ton, and for the better.  There is still room for improvement in the rooms, like a fridge, and larger showers.  But overall this place has a resort vibe that I like.  Just enough black jack tables to not be completely overcrowded and the restaurants have all had great food.  Definitely not the new fast paced club scene you get everywhere else,  but not the run down hotel it once was. We'll be back.
4	I love this hotel. My husband and I stayed here on out honeymoon. We went right after the wedding so i was dressed up and so was he. the check in was very fast and the staff was super friendly. when they saw us dressed up they were super nice and they upgraded our room and gave us a suite. AND they gave us a $50 credit and we got room service with that. that was sooo nice of them. one bad thing is that the rooms are all the way at the back of the casino so u have to walk a lot to get to the room. i think that's it though because the rooms are super clean and they have fast service. they help a lot and most of the rooms are new. the pool and Jacuzzi was amazing. i loved this hotel and i had a great honeymoon thanks to them :D
5	Kirk's hotel lives on! Kirk has long roots in Vegas. Read about Kirk Kerkorkian, a wonderful man. His name comes up sometimes with Meyer  Lansky. Anyway, I booked 4 nights at a bargain. You will not find these amenities on the strip that is  this affordable. The hotel is very generous for people on a limited budget. The hotel is very well managed. I appreciate the resourceful renovation which recycled the old hotel. Alot of these big corporations are bulldozer happy and waste valuable resources. I'm not a gambler either, Mr Lansky told us kids never to gamble....
2	This is a great hotel, but if your looking for clean amenities this is not the place.So I'm going to start out with the great things about the tropicana:1. The broadway musical "Mamma Mia!" Is now playing at the tropicana.2. Medium/large casino with lots of bars.3. Fast check-in4. Located right across MGM and is right on the strip.Okay. No too bad. But here's the catch:When we checked into our 2 queen bed room, there was MOLD around the bathtub. We were confused because the tropicana has been recently refurnished, but I guess they skipped the bathroom. So we requested a new room and they were very kind and gave us a new room for free. We checked in and the problem was the same in the room, but this time the water didn't drain! So for the third time we changed rooms and the problem still remained! So we demanded a suite because this seemed to be the only room they maintained. They refused and didn't give us another room so we checked out early. This was the only time IN MY LIFE I had to check out of a hotel.So bad things about tropicana:1. Not clean2. Poor maintenance3. Pictures online are not the same in real life
1	Very disappointing in the service. Every person in staff that we worked with was unaware of their own services. Poor training and kept putting blame on others. We enjoy Las Vegas and this was a terrible visit. Our promotions was three nights free and they could only give us two nights and we had to drive back to the hotel for Mama Mia on the third night. Do not stay here or join the players club
4	My experience here was better than I expected. The lady that checked my boyfriend and I in were super friendly and the people working at the tables were nice too. I don't mind staying here again. Service was quick too. I like how the decor is all white, which is hard to maintain, so that's amazing. The shower's tub was a bit chipped but it still works haha. BUT the food here is expensive and not tasty =/
4	OK.  I gave it 4 stars, so I liked it, but I will nitpick.So I booked it thru the "pay now, find out the name later" system on Expedia & got a great deal.  They couldn't guarantee the bed number, but they did promise 2 queen beds over the phone.  Got there & guess what?  Only 2 queens in a smoking room.  :( But they brought up a roll-out which was nice & offered to move us the 2nd day.2nd day - guess what?  They moved us to a room with 2 queen beds -- in a smoking room!  (& it REEKED 100x worse than the casino floor).  But they agreed to move us again & shortly did.A note about the Club Tower: If you are on the odd # side of the hallway, you WILL be woken up the next day by the poolside DJ.  On the 7th floor, buried under pillows and with earplugs in, the music was still POUNDING.  Really, Tropicana?  The number of people wanting DJ music at the pool is greater than the number of people wanting to sleep in a bit?  In VEGAS???Otherwise, the rooms were clean & the staff was friendly.  Front desk often took nearly 10 minutes to answer the phone, which wasn't great.  And the casino never had $5 blackjack, which as a low-roller I would have liked.  But otherwise, good.  I'd likely stay there again.
3	The rooms are clean and the beds are comfortable. Unfortunately, this hotel is rated as 4 star on some sites (Priceline). I booked a 4 star hotel on Priceline and this was the place it gave me :( Tropicana is a 3 star cheesy Vegas hotel that I would never stay at again. There is no coffee pot, fridge, mini-bar, lighted mirror, etc in the rooms. There isn't even real tile in the bathrooms, and the caulking between the tub and faux tile backsplash was yellowing. Thanks, but I like to Vegas in style...you guys can 3 star all you want, but It's Wynn and Palazzo for this girl!
3	I've stayed just about everywhere on and off the strip, over the past 15 years.  Many still around, many not.    However, I think this is the first time I've stayed at Tropicana (and for sure the first since the remodel).  First impressions were positive.  I really like the "South Beach" accents and crisp, clean white color scheme. Check-in was just fine...as was overall cs.    So overall, the hotel is real nice.  We stopped in at Biscayne, but only for drinks (planned on eating, but it just never worked out, in terms of timing).  Biscayne looks REALLY nice.  I like what they've done.  The menu looks nice too!  We'll do a dinner there next trip through.   So overall, I'm a fan.  However, there were some opportunities for improvement:1- "resort fee"-  yes, I know just about every hotel is now charging this scam....er, I mean fee, and not including it in the price of the hotel room.  Eventually, this will be ruled illegal (see FTC rules on "deceptive pricing")  and every hotel operator will be crushed underneath a massive class-action....but until then, it's just annoying. (trust me on this, keep your receipts for every stay at any hotel which charges a mandatory "resort fee".   I'm betting your money, plus interest and probably penalty fees will eventually be coming back to you).  NOTE-  nearly every Las Vegas strip hotel does this mandatory  "resort fee" thing.  It's a scam for sure....but I am not sure every hotel really wanted to be part of it from the beginning.  For example,  some hotels (Harrah's properties for example)  initially wouldn't go along....but then, I bet the consumer, just looking at the advertised nightly room rate, thought they were higher priced, since the other guys could go lower, but sneak a $20-$30 per night "resort fee" in there.  So, those hotels who didn't charge the hidden fee, perhaps lost business by being cheaper.  I wonder if that's what happened to many of the hotels, which forced them to go along with a deceptive pricing scheme.  I hope the FTC handles this once and for all.....soon.  2- High-Speed wireless internet included in the "resort fee"-  until that is.....you actually use it, and realize that it's "free" for up to 1mb. For "unlimited" wifi, it's $9.99 per day!  So, um....what's this "resort fee" covering again?  Water? Pillows? Fitness Center you won't use??3- Pool cleanliness-  I won't go into detail...but on a scale of 1-10, with 10 being the cleanest.....I'd rank it a 3.    This is Vegas.  Provide excellence or move on.Edit on the pool-  I just want to add that Tropicana has a really nice pool area.  It's part "old Vegas" and part modern, hip with new cabanas and a stage.   There is so much potential here.  The weekday pool just. in my opinion, during our stay, didn't live up to the potential.
4	Not a bad looking place! I hadn't been here back in the day but I was surprised to see it so bright, colorful, and modern when I walked in. The rooms are clean, well kept - no issues there. They have a bar near the elevators where there are bands which play every night. There's also a restaurant in the back which serves 24 hours so you can get your drunk snack when you need to. The gym is small but it has enough cardio machines and it overlooks the pool so you can people watch while you get your sweat on.I also like the fact that you can walk across the walkway to catch the Tram to Luxor and Mandalay Bay. You also have the option to walk across different overpasses to also get to MGM and New York New York.
5	I love the new Tropicana. We have stayed here three times over the past two years. The management, staff and just in general everyone who works here is super nice. We always have a clean, modern room. He have stayed in the far towers as well as the club towers. They both were fine. The pool is AWSOME!!!! It's fun but not over crowded like others. We have dined at all of the restaurants. We liked them all the beach cafe is really the best. But that lobster Mac n cheese at Biscayne is YUMMY :). As for ppl complaining about the amount of wifi u get get a life u are in Vegas, u really need more than 1g a day? Plus the location is great!!!!! See u next time!!!
5	This place is great!! The Tropicana has been remodeled and looks amazing. I got in at 10 and the hotel staff gladly held my bags for me so I could site see. Upon checking in the front desk lady was so sweet!! She got us checked in and on our way. The room is wonderful. It has a super comfy bed, large bathroom and great decor. We had dinner last night at one of the restaurants in the hotel and it was delicious. The staff have all been friendly and the food was actually better than I expected. I highly recommend staying here.
2	It's okay... The rooms have been renovated with ikea furniture ... And it's kinda smelly like musty...not a favorite.
1	The worst experience I have ever had in all the years I have come to vegas !!!   I ate at the beach cafe in the hotel and had a big plastic item in my garden salad . Called the manager to come see very nicely . She said "I will take care of this" she came back to the table n said there was nothing in the kitchen like that. Which I thought was very rude. I was a guest n my tooth is very loose from biting into it . She comped me my WATER.  The way the cafe management handled this situation was horrible . I will never recommend this hotel . The hotel management offered me a free night stay . But with that service there is no way I will ever return . Waiting for managers and no one was available , gave me the wrong paperwork . Had me consistently wait on sometime . I feel it was there problem and they should have handled it promptly and be sorry for what had just happend.
2	I got this hotel through hotwire. 4 stars. good price $200 for Saturday Sunday in July. the problem i had was the hotel room location. It is far from valet. It is far from parking. I have been to many hotels in Vegas. this one had the farthest parking from the hotel out of all of them. usually the valet is pretty close to the hotel rooms. This one was not the case. The parking is far also. I suggest you park in valet unless you want to walk far to the front door. I had to ask if there was another entrance, there is not. You walk, i kid you not at least 8 to 10 minutes to your room from the valet. Even further if you park your own car. Also check in took a long time. It took over an hour. It was Saturday. So it is understandable. But to only have 2 people working on a fight weekend on Saturday is crazy. I do like the free fresh chocolate cookies when you get there that you get. The area where the cookies are, are not even half way to the tower that has the hotel rooms. I finally get to my room and it is nice and clean but mines had a funny smell to it. I don't know what the deal was but it smelled like gym socks. I just dealt with it. The AC was super weak. Definitely was not that cold and i left it on the whole time on the lowest setting. It never got to that setting. I had a view of the airport. I didn't care as long as i cant hear planes im fine. The room was pretty shabby. WiFi or service to my cell phone is nonexistent but even trump towers and Wynn my phone struggles, i think its a Vegas thing in hotels. I had a little high hopes for a nice room. Funny thing is i stayed at circus circus Thursday Friday for free through my Vegas and that room was way better. Only thing i had to pay on that one was the resort fee. I thought in circus circus I would be slumming it and Tropicana would be worlds better. unfortunately it was not.
5	Great value and convenient location.  CleanHelpful and friendly staffQuick check in/outNice fitness facility
2	I'm not a huge fan.I don't gamble and so this review is not for the casino. I am reviewing this as a Doubletree hotel.I came to Vegas for a conference, and decided to stay at a Hilton property.  If you are in that boat, and just want a nice Hilton hotel, I would not stay here.It smells terrible.  When you first walk in the front doors, you are affronted by (a) smoke, and (b) something that smells like womens' perfume being used to cover said smoke.The casino is really, really sad.  Lots and lots of elderly people addicted to gaming. At other casinos on the strip I saw lots of young folks -- definitely not here.  Average age probably about 60, and it just felt terrible to see so many fixed incomes going down the drain.I got a room back in the secondary tower (they have 2).  It was a good 10 minute walk from the main entrance. Which was annoying, because they didn't have any sort of exit to the street from that tower -- they make you walk all the way back through the smelly casino just to get out.Unfortunately like a number of Doubletrees (unlike the lower-priced Hamptons, ironically), the A/C doesn't allow the fan to be forced on.  I like to leave a fan running as background noise to help me sleep.  There was a fan in the bathroom that was perfect for this, but it also was configured to be force-connected to the light switch.  Evil.Restaurants were so-so, and expensive. There is a Starbucks onsite, which is worth a second star.  The other restaurants weren't anything to write home about.I had heard a lot about the amazing pool.  It was fine, but if it is the best on the strip, that would surprise me.
3	I don't have much to say about this hotel because I wouldn't stay here again.Hotel rooms-I stayed in the back tower and the walk to the tower was horrible. Walking through an entire casino with your luggage is the biggest pain in the ass, not to mention walking the bridge across the pool to get to the tower. Big thumbs down. Room was really nice, decor was nice, beds comfy, but bathroom was a motel 6 bathroom. Very old looking. Not what I would expect if owned by a hilton chain.Casino-casino was actually nice and fresh. Because it was newly renovated it smelled clean and didn't smell like a shit hole like some of the older casinos. Lots of options.Accommodations-pool was awesome, staff is nice, house keeping staff nice, but check in was a nightmare. Checked in at 2pm and line stretched to the casino. I was in the hilton honors check in and that line was in the casino as well. If it takes 30 mins for checkin, then you have already lost me as a customer that will not stay there again.
5	i love the tropicana one of the best hotels on the strip thank u for the fantastic time
5	I enjoy myself when I'm here. It's tons to do. This casino is very clean. The people who work here are extra friendly. I enjoy the slots most. I walk thru here on hot days to get away from the vegas heat. I always win a few coins so I just keep on coming back. The parking lot is not to far from the building so getting to ur car is easy as pie. Sometimes when employees hold the door open for u they stand their with they hand out. So I give them 5. I'm not going to tip u because u held my door open get real. When a man see a lady coming he supposed to hold the door open. Pfff. He just stood their waiting on a tip well here is a tip ...tip yo ass away from me.
4	Since we only live about 3.5hrs from Vegas, we're frequent visitors in the Summer( when the rates are the cheapest).  My spouse and I despise everything about Vegas, the crowds, the gambling, the drinking, but we keep finding ourselves here.  Why?  Well, because we get such a good rate at The Trop and because we just plain like to relax.   Their Pool is amazing( except for the loud, loud music) and the customer service is also very good.  Oh and you get a free cookie : ). On our last trip( Sunday of Memorial Day weekened), we had an issue with a room in the club tower.  Their was a really bad sewage smell in the bathroom.  To give you the reader's digest version, it wasn't fixed the entire time we were there, even after being told it would be fixed.  Oh and we couldn't move rooms because their were no more rooms available.  Oh, wait, they told us we could move rooms on our very last night there.  Yeah, no thanks.    I called the manager and was given a 50.00 dining credit for our next stay, all resort fees were waived and I was refunded for 1 night.  I was there for 1 night using Hilton Honor's points, so I just paid for 1 night.  We had a few issues at the pool because we were in on a reserved pool chair/2 drinks per person promotion.  However, we weren't allowed to bring in club soda( we don't drink alcohol) from a bar inside to the pool.  The outside bar didn't serve club soda either( does that make any sense?).  So, we were told we would have a bar credit for our next stay.  Also, we were given a ridiculously cheap rate for our next stay and no resort fees once again.  We're going to Vegas next week ( Whoop, Whoop).  We haven't eaten at any of the restaurants, except for Starbucks.  Another reviewer said the breakfast sandwiches are microwaved.  That is not true.  They have a convection oven so no soggy bread.   Always check Groupon before you go, I've seen deals for the Italian restaurant Bacio.  My one issue is the parking garage.  The garage is NOT connected to the hotel so you have to walk outside to get back to the hotel.  Its ok in the winter, but HOT in the summer.  I always request a fridge because I have medication that needs to be kept cold.  Never a problem.  The rooms are large and newly decorated.  I don't believe that the A/C is actually what is says on the thermostat.  It never feels that cool.   The resort fee is negotiable.  If you don't want to use the gym, just pay the 10.00 for WiFi.  That is what I plan to do the next time I have to pay the fee.
1	I stayed in this hotel in July 2014. Like most LV casinos, it reeks of cigarette smoke, but we got the only room with 2 beds available in LV  that I could find that wasn't a $2000 suite. We arrived at 2am and checked in after being told that the smoking floor "wasn't that smokey and almost none of our guests smoke in their rooms. But if it does smell we can run the ozone machine" Well wouldn't you just know that upon stepping out of the elevator our eyes were burning from the smoke. Our room was also smokey and the windows only open a crack. I tried to ignore it until I started stepping in puddles on the carpet. This is LV and who knows WHAT these puddles are so I called the front desk thoroughly disgusted. I also mentioned the smoke - Get this, the ozone machine takes 2 hours to run and you have to leave the room. At this point its 3am. It started to seem like one bad joke.I could not sleep as I felt like I was choking all night. A few hours later I was glad to get out of there. My experience might have been different had I not been in a smoking room with mystery puddles, but I still will not stay here again.
1	First let me cover some of the pros before I get to the cons. The room I'm in is a decent size. The bed is extremely comfortable and the flat screen TV is a nice addition. The pool that is open is nicely set up with a swim up black jack table and other games for the family. It also has a nice bar with plenty of TVs and the music that was playing was ok.  The casino area uses the limited space very well. The Sports book area is absolutely awesome. The biggest pro would be the location. It's next to and across the street from several other nice hotel/casinos which makes it very easy to escape from this place. Now, for the cons, the "New" Tropicana has obviously been remodeled. But, it's still very old. For starters, every time I showered the water leaked from the tub causing a large puddle in the carpet. I pointed it out to house keeping and their fix was to stuff a towel along the bottom of the shower. All this did was slow the process of the carpet getting wet. And, while showering the water temperature would constantly change. Almost reminiscent of being a kid and flushing the toilet so your sibling gets ice cold water during their shower. Even worse, the pipes in this place are so old the smell of sewage emits from my toilet. This causes my entire room to smell as if it's on a septic tank. To get away from this I decided to go down to the pool area. While at the pool when the wind shifted I could smell the sewage again. Just to make sure it wasn't just me I asked some other guests and they smelled it too. A couple even had the same problem as me with the smell coming from the toilet in their room. I would definitely not recommend staying at The New Tropicana. There's plenty of other nicely priced Hotel/Casinos to stay at that are not trying to cover up their age with a fresh coat of paint.  If you do decide to stay and try it our for yourself, don't say I didn't warn you!! Lol
4	This review is for the pool since we didn't stay at the hotel.Short version: Surprisingly affordable with very friendly service. Added bonus: the laid back feeling allows you to relax rather than feeling like you NEED to party.... With the small exception of the "neighbors" over the fence.Longer version: Went here for a stop on our Bachelorette whirlwind weekend extravaganza. I'm a "Babe on a Budget" so I was not about to pay $400 for a daybed at some of the other hotel pools on the Strip. The Tropicana Pool absolutely fit my budget: 1 daybed ($100) + 1 cabana ($100) + $150 food/beverage minimum divided between 8 girls is surprisingly affordable. With tip, I ended up paying about $55 which is awesome for Vegas! The only thing that takes away from the full 5 star rating is the fact that we were stationed right over the fence from a pretty techno-rific dance-party-pool-party. At first the bumpin' music fueled our fun... But after 3 hours of hearing what sounded like the same song over and over again, it kind of took away a little bit from the more relaxing fun we were having. Overall, we recommend it! If you can, try to reserve a daybed on the grass area away from the techno dance party fence.
3	Xposed Saturgays Pool Party Review Only. Pros:- Clean and well-kept- Good music selection- Easy booking and check-in process- Good turn out and crowdCons:- Hidden Fees - Beware food/bev min is based on subtotal only. Does not include tax, auto gratuity, and a random service fee. A $400 food/bev subtotal comes out to roughly $525.  - Forgetful service - half of items ordered over the course of the day were forgotten and server had to be reminded next time they came by- No separate checks - servers can only split bills across 2 payments- Sub-par food - edible, but not delicious
3	Definitely better than what it used to be. It's been remodeled and now part of the Hilton family. It's nicer inside. There were minor things in the room that weren't finished well that I think they should've done better on so it doesn't look like they did a cheap job. The gym hours are wack. They close a 7pm. The back tower is super far from the front desk and there's no back entrance. So it's always a long walk to the casinos. I would stay there again if the price continues to be right.
4	This was a great room at a great price. We stayed on Saturday and Sunday night at an average rate of $72 per night on the first weekend in August. This is not the classiest or biggest casino/ hotel on the strip, but the amenities are perfect. They have decent gambling, great pools, a few nice dining options, and a comedy club. The comedy club was perfect for our party of 15. The bars in the casino serve good drinks at a good price and the rooms are comfortable for the after party. The location is perfect. We were at the MGM, Excalibur, Luxor, New York NY, and Mandalay Bay in minutes. Have fun!
4	Fair price, decent location, beautiful pools. Sort of basic rooms, no refrigerator, great shower/large tub. Rooms are kind of far to walk to so don't forget anything from your room while heading to the casino, it's a ways back there. Overall I would stay again, nice beds and quiet rooms.
1	How disappointing. I have no expectations or high standards, but to have to wait 90 minutes for a room, then well after check in time to stand at the front desk with a woman for another THIRTY minutes while she's on hold to housekeeping to see if our room was ready is silly.  Then the next morning we leave the room at 8am for the day and get home at 5pm and housekeeping is nowhere to be seen.  Room never made up and no one ever came.  Top it off with a nicely remodeled bungalow room with no fridge and NO FUNCTIONING AC IN AUGUST?   Epic fail.  Don't stay here.
5	My husband and I stayed at the Tropicana while attending a convention in Las Vegas.  It's the third time we've stayed there and we love it!  They were in the middle of their remodel the last time and the transformation we saw on this trip was remarkable!  The customer service is always outstanding and the rooms are very modern, comfortable and clean.  We upgraded to a suit on this trip and it was gorgeous!   It was the perfect place to unwind after a long day of work.  We would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a great place to stay on the Las Vegas strip.
1	The worst customer service EVER. I called for something at the front desk 4 times, and it was never brought up! Never again.
1	I booked 2 king rooms and got 2 double beds instead! Upon arrival my in room phone did not work so I had to get in elevator and go down 19 floors if I needed anything from front desk, and there was no safe, refrigerator or coffee maker in room! After 2 days I got moved to a king room while the other guests we booked for were moved to the same room they had, just next door in hotel from us, thought they would get a king bed too since it's what I booked. The tub didn't drain well at all, and using a waste basket or bathroom sink to keep beverages cold was ridiculous!!!! I will for sure be trying a different hotel next time I'm in Vegas, one who hopefully has customer service!! Rude front desk staff at Trop, however the casino and casino workers were wonderful and the pool area was beautiful but Mandalay bay is better!!!
1	Was there August 30th 2014 for the Xposed Beach Party so will only review that-did NOT stay there.  Thank goodness got on the list and arrived before 1pm so we didn't have to pay.  It would not be worth the cover charge.  And unless you pay top dollar for some cabana or beds there is hardly anywhere to sit/lay down.  Mid-afternoon the largest bar to right of entrance just closed down!  Supposedly something about the health department shutting it down.  Hmmmm  So that left 1 bar outside for all the guys and gals that were there.  Insane!!!!  Only plus for me was looking at the gorgeous Xposed pool boy that was going around taking everybody's picture with the frame.
4	The renovations have resulted in a bright, modern hotel on the inside -- a bit odd "whitewashed" looking on the outside (not sure what they were going for, as it's not very "tropical").  Our room was perfect - clean, well maintained.  Our only complaint is the distance to the room, which was in the tower by the conference facility.  These are, however, the newer rooms, so we had none of the problems noted by others with respect to smells or plumbing.The casino isn't the most 'happening' place, but less smoky than others, and we felt more relaxed than at other casinos.  The beverage servers are great, and we did well at the slot machines.My biggest complaint is the limited casual food -- one cafe, and one junky food court type arrangement.  The cafe is very expensive for what you get -- more options would have been appreciated. Service was uniformly good, particularly the check in desk, and the bellmen at the front door who were adept at handling checked bags, getting cabs, etc.  They were very outgoing and friendly, and I saw that they treated everyone well, even those who didn't tip.  The hotel definitly knows who to put "out front."Location is very good, for the lower end of the Strip.  Pools are nice.
2	Stayed here this past weekend for Labor Day, and I must say I will not be staying here again. 1) Air Conditioner does not work.  Cold air was not blowing through the vents. 2) Bathroom was just out-dated and the room did not have a fridge.  You would think they would provide one, considering the high Resort Fees. 3) Poor Housekeeping, asked for extra bedding in the evening.  Did not come until the next morning.  Where they just knocked on the door and left it on the floor.  Overall, the experience was not as good as other places I have stayed in Las Vegas. The only thing that was decent was the beds, which were comfortable, but nothing to boast about.
1	Definitely on the tacky side and definitely not a happening  place which would make it better for someone staying for a convention. But the pool is only opened from 9am to 7pm and the exercise room is only open from 6pm to 7pm.For a city that is supposed to be going all night this is quite restrictive.  If you are here for work or play this is quite restrictive.
3	David Boozer & Melissa from the front desk were amazing upon check in. We had some articles with our accommodations and they were quick to make it right and provided quick friendly service the entire time! Because of these two I will come back to the Tropicana to stay. I actually opened a yelp account today because I was so angry/irritated upon check in I intended to write a scathing review but Melissa and David did a great job! The room that we ended up in is perfect, clean, and the amenities are great, some of the previous rooms left something to be desired.
4	I stayed here this week for a  5 dayconference.  Booked my room through Priceline and got the room for $37. a night on Priceline. Even with the $18 additional reort fee this is a great deal. My only complaint and suggestion is to be sure to get a room facing the pool.  Mine was facing the strip and it was noisy, even on the 18th floor.Very friendly staff.
1	You would expect at least decent drink service in a casino. This one is by far the worst. The cocktail servers aren't polite and even if they are one machine over will tell you that they will be over in a moment. What is the purpose of even having them? Oh and that moment has been 10 minutes since I started typing this review. The machines are loose and that's a major positive. But their level of service is seriously lacking in all other respects.
4	I recently stayed here for the first time and everything was fine.  It was not my first choice for a hotel and its definitely not the fanciest place on the Strip, but it had the best prices for our weekend, so, Tropicana it was!  We stayed in the Club Tower which was extra far from the entrance in  a standard room with two full/queen beds.  Everything about our room was upgraded and modern, but the tub seemed very worn and not white enough for me.  We had nice flat screen t.v and a wonderful view out of our window, which is always a good thing.  We didn't spend that much time in the hotel, but on Saturday night, we listened to the live band that played in the hotel lounge.  I love listening to live music, and this band played mostly old school R&B hits, so to me, it was great.  I'm not sure if Ill ever stay at the Tropicana again, but I did have a nice experience this time. Oh, and they also gave complimentary cookies!
2	Mixed feelings on this place. I came to Vegas this weekend for Frozen Fury. This was my first time staying at the Trop and my first Frozen Fury experience. Checking in: I arrived at about 3:30pm on Saturday and was three deep in the "normal people" check in line. Meaning I am not aHilton member and so forth. There were two people standing around behind the desk and one lady actually helping check in. Of course the "special" side was full of helpful employees. I think my frustrated face said it all, finally there was an employee who hopped onto the other computer to help reduce the growing line. When I was called to the counter the line had about seven groups behind me. Took just a few seconds to say go here, go there, enjoy your stay. The room: Eh. Nothing special. You can tell they updated SOME THINGS but still pretty outdated. Our air conditioner was set at 64 degrees and it was still so hot. The AC also made a trickling water sound. Luckily I didn't wet the bed. No fridge. Huh? We filled our sink with ice and that was not a big deal. Our view was a joke. We were overlooking the lovely airport, kinda, more like the broken down plane area. There were tiny bugs in the sheets but they weren't bed bugs (we checked Google). Our sheets had a nice big stain on them, luckily it was the top sheet so easily taken off. The casino: I kept thinking to myself that this is a junior casino compared to the other hotels. Small casino, smells like cigarettes mixed with cheap perfume, not busy, old people galore. I preferred other casinos. This is one of those casinos where you put a quarter in and walk away. No big winning here. At least for me. Trop plus is a joke. I still don't understand how it worked. They claim to pay for your first $200's that you gamble? Lose? As I said, confusing rules and not what it sounds like. Overall, I am happy I stayed at the Trop because it seemed to not be as busy as other hotels. I see why. Not the absolute worst. But not the Vegas experience I was looking for.  Next time I'll pay the $50 extra bucks to get the VIP treatment at the MGM.
1	This hotel is a world away from a 4 star hotel.  The bathroom was filthy, full of other people's hair and who knows what else.  The front desk said that the room had been recently remodeled, however; the tile in the bathroom was cracked and full of mold, the toilet was chipped  and the plastic seat was very uncomfortable.  The complimentary shampoo etc was worse than a person would receive at a Motel 6 and the toilet paper was single ply, most rest areas on the highway have better..  The swimming pool was closed however; the hot tub was open which was also very dirty, full of leaves and cigarette butts.  Extremely disappointing.
1	Friendly employees.Ok casino.Slow internet, worse than dial-up, 1 mb/s (not a typo). No buffet.No food court.No shuttles.Dirty pool.Bad plumbing, our shower ran yellow...AC in rooms is weak.Paid continental bfast, no better than basic.Players card for casino is a waste of time.Concierge is useless/incompetent.Very limited show booking on site, and pay extra to print your tickets out.
5	I will always come here for my Vegas trips from now on. I got married here last Saturday (will review the wedding chapel separately, also an amazing job!) Check in was a breeze. I happen to be a Hilton honors member was it was needed since the lines weren't bad on a Friday afternoon. Renata checked us in and once she found out we were getting married their she upgraded us to a bigger room. She also surprised us with a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. Talk about exception service! I love that the Tropicana is towards the end of the strip (and let me disclose, my husband and I are in our twenties) and I loved the fact that it wasn't as crazy on the Tropicana end than towards the middle of the strip. If you want the crazy you can easily walk to other hotels but then come back to the Tropicana for a good night sleep.The crowd here is a little older but all friendly. Their lounge is really nice, too.
1	NOT WORTH ANY MONEY!  We stayed there because our friends were staying there and we decide to go on short notice and thought it would be easier to stay in the same place. We usually stay at the Wynn but being that it was last min we couldn't ask out friends to drop so much money on the fly...so we booked the room and got the "Bungalow" by the pool.. The room was clean.. but it was very poorly remodeled...The photos online make it look different for what it really is in person... Here is the list... 1. Wall paper everywhere and uneven walls with the wall paper coming off the walls in the bathroom on the edge... not very good remodel job2. The bathroom in the photos on line for the "remodeled room" is nothing like what we got. the bathroom we got was smaller then my own extra bathroom at home that is for guests! 3. beds are clean ill give them that... 4. Bird crap on the edge of the baloney floor outside of our suite. And a piece of gum left from the previous guest on the floor by the base board.. gross!5. Elevators are disgusting! They do not clean the the floors, drops of dirt.. and I saw the cleaning guy with a mop he was coming out of the elevator and didnt even bother to clean it!6. Pool is boring and small... chairs are old and not kept well... and there "pool staff" doesnt even check to see if you want to order anything.... there too busy talking to there friends who are at the pool or each other.. the lifeguard yells at people to tell them there is 5 mins before they have to get out of the pool also.. 7. The Beach Cafe is terrible! There are NATS` flying around at the bar not he straws.. and around the restaurant. The host sat us down and we did not get service for 15 ins so we left.. 8. Carpets are old, stained and need to be changed completely threw the whole place..To some it up.. this hotel should not be a 4 star hotel.. the front desk staff dont even bother to do there hair for work... lacking the presents of what a "resort staff" should look like.. I am not comparing this to the Wynn by any means.. because they are not anywhere close and you cannot.. but What I WILL say is that it is worth every dime to stay at places like the wynn and not save money to deal with places that call themselves a 4 star NEW HOTEL when the carpets are stained and the place smells like musc.If you doth care about luxury or if you have not stayed at a better place then Tropicanna, then sure you may like it.. but for me.. I will never be going back there..I prefer to be able to have room to put my stuff in the bathroom, clean floors and great venation for the extra price it cost.
1	If I could give this "resort" less than one star I would. It's worthy of zero stars!  This place was so bad I literally cried the first night! I definitely didnt expect it to be the COSMO but I at least expected it to be better than the stratosphere but it wasn't!1.Dirty is an understatement2. The A.C didnt work the whole week I was there.3. I BEGGED to switch rooms and told they were booked.4.House cleaning threw away my drivers license because it was in a envelope and they thought it was trash5.pool was filth6. Front desk was very unhelpful and rude7. Maintenance was called to my room and did not fix the problem8. I could not walk on the carpet bare foot bc it turned my feet black9. Wi fi was a joke!!Ive seen Motel 6 that was decorated nicer, this place has nerve claiming to be 4 stars! The only positive thing I have to say is a dealer named john at the craps table was very friendly and helpful and remembered my name, he greeted me everytime he saw me, which made me feel good.
5	Honestly I am shocked at the reviews saying that the place was dirty. We stayed at the tropicana for the 2nd time earlier this month and we have always had a very good stay. The first stay we got a great deal on a 2 room suite and it was one of the nicest rooms that i had ever stayed in. This last time we had an even better experience. We were getting married (told the staff that) and booked a smaller two room suite than we had the first time. When we got there, not only were we able to check in early but we found out that they upgraded our room to the larger 2 room suite at no charge. On top of that, when we got into our room they had left chocolate strawberries for us and a bottle of champagne. I thought that was amazing since we weren't even getting married at their hotel. I also hadn't had any problems with rude staff either. I hope that people in the future have experiences that I have because I don't know if I would stay anywhere else in Las Vegas.
2	Since aging a few years and seeing some other spots in Vegas, its clear to me that Tropicana has to be dynamited immediately.  The gaming floor is small, outdated, and plain ugly. The low ceiling hallway towards the back to the bathroom is equally gross.   Trop has limited dining options, lousy pool, and a sportsbook that looks like LaGaurdia airport. I enjoyed my stay here as a Vegas rookie but spending time in other places over the years has shown me the light.  Tropicana is out forever.
3	Stayed here for 2 nights (Fri and Sat).  Booked the rooms through hotels.com and it came out to $300 for 2 nights.  We got the Club tower, which seems like quite a walk from reception to the room, but it really isn't bad.  Our room overlooked the wedding chapel/pool area.I wish they told us they were putting us in a handicapped room.  The toilet seat was raised and it was just weird.  I didn't wanna go back to the front desk to change rooms, so we dealt with it. The first day, housekeeping came by and I told her no need to clean the room since we barely used it and we did not have a 'do not disturb' sign in our room.  Well, we came back from the day's activities to find our room cleaned.  They threw out some stuff of mine that could have been trash, but was not.  UGHGood thing they weren't things that were REALLY important.First time using the tub/shower (which was one for us), it wouldn't drain.  That was annoying.  Also, be sure to bring your own conditioner.  They give you 2 shampoos and 1 lotion, but no conditioner.  And one hand soap, which I guess you could use as a bath soap if you want.Since this is a Hilton/Doubletree hotel, they give you a voucher for a free cookie.  I always love staying at Doubletrees cos of this. They're delicious.Self parking area is small.
1	I've stayed at my fair share of both low end and high end hotels in Vegas. And Ive stayed at my fair share of high and low end hotels outside of Vegas.This is a 2, maybe 3 star hotel masquerading as a 4 star. And quite frankly, Im shocked they are able to maintain the ability to continue to call themselves a Doubletree. I think if anyone from Hilton visited the property they would be embarassed. I know I would be.I admit, we didn't exactly book here by choice.  Our trip was incredibly last minute;  i was Pricelining hotels while boarding my airplane. We did the whole name your price thing,  honestly expecting the Westin to be our destination but Trop took the bite. Poorly and cheaply done renovations aside, lets get down to brass tax. When checking in we had a resort fee sprung on us -$40+ for two nights. $20+ a night gets you a small bottle of water and free wifi (1 gb only!). Then, our room which the front desk had stated to contain 2 queen beds were actually 2 double. We actually spent the first night sleeping in separate beds because it was difficult to get comfortable.  Not my idea of a Vegas vacation.The 8th floor of the Club tower has some sort of moldy issue happening. It smells musty and gross, and my allergies went absolutely crazy while in the room. I cant speak to the casino or the pool because we wanted no part of hanging out at this hotel and spent all of our awake time out at other casinos.Desk staff was rude and unhelpful. Literally any casino would be better to stay at; I almost booked at the 4 Queens for the same price and i honestly wish i had. The inconvenience of being on Fremont Street would have been negated by a better overall experience.I do not intend to return here. I spend 4 nights a week in hotels and would never have booked here had i known what it was like. As a flight crew member, my sympathies went out to the Virgin crew we passed in the lobby. If my company tried to put us in a place like this we'd complain until they moved us.
3	At the start of my stay I wanted to give the Trop a 2 star review due to rude Valet, long check in time with unoccupied staff at the bell desk and concierge chatting with coworkers instead of assisting the 1 person checking in a line of hotel guests. Then they gave me a cheaper room then I paid for and I had to request a new room, and the room cards didn't work on the doors very well. The bartender at the beach cafe acted like he wished my wife and I weren't bothering him with drink orders while he was chatting with coworkers. But, my new room was pretty OK, the main hall of table games weren't busy and had low table minimums. The Pai Gow table was so much fun, I had a blast with the other gamblers, and spent 3 hours winning some and losing some. Went to the Laugh Factory to see comedian Tom Wilson who killed although the host sucked but the opener was great. Check out was again awful. Couldn't check out from the room, the bell desk wasn't helpful and the valet was super rude again. All in all, I'd never stay here again but I'd be back to gamble and go to the laugh factory. Also I had drinks/appetizers at the restaurant Biscayne and it was pretty good. Overall I feel like it's a solid 3star.
2	I'm being generous. 1.5 stars is more accurate. Quite a disappointment. Extra $$$ fees for anything. No microwave, coffeemaker, or fridge in room. Poor, sluggish 'high-speed' Wifi...waited 9 minutes for a simple page to load. (That's included in a $20 + tax per day 'resort fee', by the way.) Came back to room last night and there was no running water for an hour! Room service food order was overcharged and prepared incorrectly. Huge advertising on outsides of windows ruins what should be a great view. Simply put, I won't stay here again.
1	Awful hotel.. Smells terrible and has the rudest staff. Staff entered our room and removed all personal belongings after making a mistake on their booking. Security full of attitude, unhappy with their lives and ready to be rude to high-paying guests. Personal insults made by front staff instead of realizing their own error. Total fail!! Spend your money elsewhere
5	The front desk lady (Lynne) was extremely nice. She Showed us how to get to our suite. The room was very clean and very nice my wife and I are very happy with everything!Thank you!!
1	My girlfriend and I are on a 10 day trip from Baltimore and decided to stay at the Tropicana for the first 3 days of our vacation and booked a room through hotels.com. It is 5:30 in the morning after our first night and I have already been on the phone trying to cancel the remaining two nights here; the room is about an eighth of a mile from check in, the window shutters do not block out the light, the windows look to be single pane and do not block the sound of any of the sirens or planes taking off, there is no microwave, coffee maker, fridge, or any amenities you'd expect in a 2 star motel, let alone a 4 star resort. The "free" internet is a joke and if you want to upgrade it's an additional $10 a day.I can deal with almost all of these inconveniences in a room that is $40 a night, not $149 a night! THEN to top everything off, we received a 4am wake up call!!! I called the "care line" and was told that the front desk ordered it for us. Yes that is exactly what I wanted after catching the red eye flight from Baltimore, a 4am wake up call to ruin my day...
1	Just returned from a two night stay (supposed to be three, but ew).  My room was never cleaned while I was there.  The bathroom had no ventilation (it had a vent, but the fan was broken) and it smelled so bad - some combination of mildew and something else.  The shutters look cute, but they do not block out the light and the room is noisy - you can hear everything from outside.  The rooms are really far away from the front of the hotel, so you will have quite a walk to get there.  By the end of the second day, I was getting a sore throat and could not wait to leave. The bathroom was the major problem with the room - it had a large soaking tub, but no stopper for the tub, and the shower head was awkwardly placed (no handheld shower head here, just a short stub coming straight out of the wall).  The rest of the hotel is OK - the food was good, the staff was friendly.
4	I recently stayed at the Tropicana while attending a tradeshow. All and all, my experience was really good. There's certainly things I would have liked, and those things prevented me from giving the Tropicana 5 stars.First, a little about me... I am really laid back and easy going. Little things don't really bother me. Since I was out most of the day, I really only used my room at the Tropicana to sleep and nap. I didn't really use any of the other resort amenities.I got into Las Vegas on Wednesday morning. Since check-in isn't until later in the day, I decided to chat with the front desk and see if there was a way I could leave my luggage with them. They looked up my reservation and asked me for my number and informed me that they would call me as soon as my room was ready. Afterwards, they directed me to the bell service where I could leave my luggage.Around 1 or 2, they gave me a call and informed me that my room was ready.Check-in was easy and straight forward. I was on the 2nd floor of the Bungalow. The room was nicely decorated and looked comfy. The bathroom looked new and upscale. I was bummed that there was only a shower, but no big deal. The amenities were modest. There wasn't a coffee maker, microwave, or refrigerators. No big deal since I didn't really find a use for any of them.Everything was dandy. I was able to relax and watch tv, or surf the internet via WiFi. It wasn't the fastest thing in the world, but certainly plenty for FaceBook and stuff. I didn't have any issues with the WiFi or anything else. Water was hot. Room was comfy. TV and WiFi works. Everything seemed cleaned and in working order. All for $220 for two nights, especially during a huge tradeshow. I definitely got value out of my stay.I rate the Tropicana 4 stars out of 5. There's certainly things that could have gone the extra mile and made it a great experience, but I was definitely content with my stay. Would I stay there again? Absolutely. Downside was that it was quite a walk to the monorail station at the MGM Grand. Otherwise, I enjoyed my stay.
5	Me & my husband had a great experience here.. We we're upgraded to the penthouse suite and we only paid $80 base rate... It has a cozy living room, bar, dining table, king sized bed, 2 baths, 2 toilet sinks, make up area and the best thing is...We have our own sauna room and a jacuzzi next to our bed... Is there anything cooler than that?Our room is overlooking at the strip.. Swimming pool is so beautiful.. There's also a 24hour restaurant here too.. The Beach CafeBest experience ever.. I feel like I am Paris Hilton
5	LOVED THIS PLACE!!!!!!!!!Everyone was so nice! The remodel looks great and the casino smells really good.
1	I go to Vegas  Twice a month, I always make it a point to stop by and play for a few hours of craps.  A few months back one of the dealers recommended a casino host do to my play. I never asked for a host because i normally  stay and play at the golden nugget casino, when the casino host approached me and ask me several questions,  I informed him that the golden  nugget comps everything for me.  The host  then goes on to say he would match everything that the golden nugget gives me.  My wife and I decided to take them up on the offer, when i called the host for the first time to make arrangements they stated that they would give me a discounted  rate" lol really! "What happened to matching my deal with the golden nugget.  He then goes on to say after I check out he would comp 1 night  I could not believe what this guy was saying. Now I don't write many reviews as you can see but I believe if your going to be a man of your word,  you would follow through with your offers. as a business owner I always follow through with my clients! But it's okay I will stick with the casino that has been loyal to me  for several years.  I will continue to stop in and play craps because I like the dealers  and they are a great group of guys but man they need to take care of there customers better!!!!
2	Gosh darn Kathleen. 17 minutes to get three local tickets to JFK with cash? Don't worry, I wanted to eat dinner at 10pm. At least the JFK exhibit was cool.
3	I still like the Tropicana but am really, really disappointed in the pool closing. When I started looking for my replacement hotel (used to love the stardust) that was one of my "must haves". A pool & hot tub open all year. It used to be, at least the indoor pool and hot tub were open all year. Now they close it for the winter? It may be winter to Las Vegas natives but many of your guests are from real winter states and 70-75 degrees is plenty warm enough to go for a swim or to sunbathe. Not only does the pool close but they lock the grounds also so you can't even go out and sit in the sun on a lounger or take a walk in the grass. There is no reason I can think of that guests shouldn't be able to go out and sit in the "resort" area by the pool and gardens even if no swimming is allowed.  I'd love to hear the reasoning on that. For a $20 a day so called "resort fee" where's the resort part? Perhaps there should be a discount when the pools, hot tub and grounds are "closed for the winter"? No where in the advertising does it say this. I still love many things about the Trop, especially our casino host, and she is now the main reason I still stay here since to me the pool and grounds are enough to make me move. I haven't conviniced my other half yet but I have opened the conversation. If at least some of these things don't change for the better I will start looking again for a new casino to stay at.  We come several times a year, every year. Please reconsider at least the grounds being locked and allow those of us who live where there is actual winter to enjoy some sun. This last trip was quite disappointing. The pool area was opened until Friday the 14th but the nicest, warmest day, Saturday November 15 it was all of a sudden "closed for winter"? Many upset guests around that day, myself included.
1	Bad experience --  unimpressed so far.  My husband is part of the Hilton Honors program. He made AND paid for a King, City View, Nonsmoking room.  Upon checking in, this type of room was not available.  Even after checking with the manager, we were told our reservation could not be honored.  The air in the casino is stuffy. The room is bare bones and has no comfortable chair to sit in.  The bathroom is tiny.  We are staying here because we are attending a private party here 11/29/2014.  I would not stay here again.   Many better options available.  Terrible customer service.
3	Thought we were going to have a problem when we checked in as the desk clerk was rude. However by the end of the process she seemed to warm up. The first trek to the room was never ending. After going back and forth a couple of times we got used to it and didn't need the gym. The room was okay. The cleaning staff had left a container of mildew removal on the bathroom counter and some trash on the floor when we arrived. We were unable to connect to the wifi and the shutters didn't keep out the light. We booked through Expedia so for the price it was okay.
4	This hotel exceed our expectations.  We stayed four nights over Thanksgiving.  The rate was very cheap.  The hotel was clean and had ample amenities.  The staff was attentive and helpful.  Overall everything was great.
1	DO NOT STAY HERE! I have had better treatment at a Motel 6. Your personal belongs are not safe here. We shall be seeking legal representation in regards to our appalling stay. Expect damage to your property and them not to take any responsibility for their staffs actions.  Upon my stay I waited close to an hour to check in to a room that I paid for over TWO MONTHS AGO. The staff was unfriendly, and the doorman sexually harassed on our way out during our first nights stay.  Not one staff member was able to give me any direction to and from places in or around the hotel.  I was not told where my room was, it was left to wander the hotel.  Security was unfriendly, I sat at a penny slot (I am 26 years old) after walking around aimlessly throughout the casino waiting for my room, and was treated like a juvenile that broke a law.  Housekeeping damaged my friends Cartier watch she specifically took off and left in the room so it would not be damaged.  Upon complaint after complaint they were unapologetic and lacked any sort of empathy.  I was asked why it wasn't put in the safe. I didn't realize I had to put my luggage in a small safe.  Your belongs are probably safer at a crack motel on the other side of the freeway.
3	Boring hotel. But their in room dining is good!Try the hot chocolate, omlette, french toast.
1	We have not received appropriate compensation, my friend is still left with a broken watch.
2	My wife and I came to Las Vegas (first time for both of us) for an anniversary trip from Dec 6 - Dec 8, 2014. We booked the room through Priceline, and were pretty happy to get it for $100/night.Check-in is 3pm. We arrived at 2:58pm and went to the Hilton Honors desk. The girl there was very nice (Marilu, I think?) but told us we could either have a 2-queen room right away, or the 1-king room we requested in about 45 minutes. We opted to wait 45 minutes and left our bags with the doorman. Oh, and we discovered there's a $22/night resort fee to cover discounts on stuff we don't want to buy, and the fitness center we don't use, and 2 bottles of water.When we came back, we got our key for the 12th floor in "the Tower". That's the place where you walk through the casino, up the escalator, down a LONG hall, then up an elevator and down that hall to your room. If you don't like the smell of cigarette smoke, you will hate the walk to get to your room.The room itself is ... disappointing. Nothing terrible about it, but nothing to wow me, either. No in-room mini-fridge, no coffee maker, no microwave. They do have a clothes iron and hair dryer. The lamps have a single power outlet, but I've stayed in worse hotels that have two or more power outlets and/or USB outlets accessible on the nightstands. The decor is pretty plain, the computer table is the weirdest afterthought I've ever seen, and there are only 5 dresser drawers, which would be tough for more than two people to make use of. The water bottles that we're effectively paying $44 for aren't even full-sized water bottles. And our window overlooks the airport. I assume that's what we got because we got a room at a discounted rate.While we were getting ready to head out about an hour and a half after getting to the room, someone knocked on our door and opened it. I was literally standing 2 feet from the door when she knocked, and didn't have time to get to the door before she opened it. She realized we were in there (partially undressed, I might add, but none of the good bits exposed), and closed the door. I opened it to ask who she was and what she wanted, and she said "room check" and said she works for the hotel. I called security and was told it was probably just housekeeping. I asked why housekeeping would be coming to our room after we checked-in, and was told she was probably just checking to see if the room had been serviced. Shouldn't housekeeping KNOW they already serviced a room a little over 2 hours earlier and it is now occupied? Then I had to get online to find dinner options, directions, etc. The WiFi login screen looks like it says you get 24 hours free, and then it's $10/day. But I called the front desk, and they told me it is free for the entire stay, and there's a page you get to that you can select the "free tier" and enter your name and room number to be granted access. I did that and discovered it's the worst WiFi I've used in at least 10 years. I got 1Mbps down, 0.25Mbps up. I literally had dial-up modems in the late 90's that matched those speeds. I thought I'd just use my cellular signal and tether from that instead, which is when I discovered I barely get any cell signal in my room. It's there, but I wasn't able to use it to even get my gmail to sync.The room was also very warm when we got there, so I cranked down the thermostat to 65 and we left. We went to Biscayne for dinner (which I reviewed separately - 4 stars), then to a couple shows and saw some sights around the south end of the strip. When we got back to the room several hours later the room was still at least 75 degrees or so. I called maintenance and was told they could send someone up to see if it's something they could fix. I asked her to be straight with me if it's a known issue they can't fix, because the hall was hot, too, so it didn't seem like a "my room" problem. She told me they had several A/C units "red-tagged", and maintenance wasn't told why, but they couldn't do anything with those units. She didn't know if mine was one of those or not, but told me a maintenance member could come find out. She said it would be up to half an hour before they would even know if they could fix it, and if they could, probably at least another 45 minutes before it would be fixed. She said I could just open a window, since it's cool outside, and they would have someone come the next day while we're out. So we've got the windows open, and it is finally cooling off. Unfortunately, that means we hear sirens blaring very loudly when they drive by (which is surprisingly frequent).How bad is this place? Bad enough that I'm sitting in the room at 1am (which is 4am my time) on the first night we arrived, while my wife is asleep, writing this review. Who knows what I might encounter in the next two days.
2	I've upgraded my review to two stars. The next day, when I got back to the room, it was still hot. The operator told me that the work request had been closed, so maintenance had visited the room, but she couldn't tell me if it had been closed because they thought they fixed it, or because it couldn't be fixed - all she could do was offer to send someone to look at it again. In the end, she transferred me to the front desk, where Yolanda (I think?) was very genuinely apologetic. She offered to transfer me to another room, but I only had one night left in the room, so I opted to stay (it would have been a bigger hassle to repack, move, and unpack, than just open the windows overnight again). She did offer to remove to the "resort fee", and when I asked for a late checkout, she gave that to me with no problem, which was actually very helpful.The problems continued, but in the end, at least the staff was willing to do whatever they could to make up for the problems. I still don't think I'd stay here again, though.
1	We stayed 3 nights during the National Finals Rodeo.  They forced an add on of $20 per night for the use of certain amenities (internet, web, phone, fitness room), we told them we didn't want the use of any of those and they said they had to add on the $20 fee, no choice.  Second, during our 3 day stay, there were personal items stolen from our room.  Third, rumors from talking with people turned out to be completely true, the Tropicana hotel's slot machines were the tightest machines on the strip.  We rate the casino service a ZERO.  Not one server came by.  We finally walked over to one of the bars to order a beverage and after waiting for service over 20 minutes (while standing right in front of the spot where they make the drinks) in a bar that was not that busy, we left and walked over to the MGM which is right across the road.   MGM was completely different, good food, good service, good atmosphere.  The female employees at the Tropicana were dressed extremely inappropriately.  It's difficult to truly offend me but I was offended and embarrassed for those women.  A terrible experience, we will NEVER stay there again.  Don't be fooled by the reasonable price to stay there, they add on more fees upon check in.  Cigarette smoke was thick throughout the hotel....
4	The New Tropicana.....The room we got was very spacious, even though we didn't a strip view it was a view of the airport. The beds were very comfortable.Only reason that I'm not giving them 5 stars it's because the "free" internet is limited to 1MB every 24hrs. So I don't know if that's what you get when you book with free internet.
4	First time staying at the Tropicana and it was very nice. The slots were paying out more than expected. Probably because they want to attract more people to play at their casino.The rooms were very nice and comfortable. The air conditioner took some time to cool down so we left it set to 68 degrees the whole time.Watched the Illusions Magic Show and enjoyed that experience.I would recommend it especially for the price of the stay.
5	smells great...very nice rooms....great resteraunts...very very few kids seen here!get a host to take extra good care of you. Always come here and not one complaint from me. If you don't want the extra crowded casinos for their gimmicks then come to the trop. Guraanteed tables to play without overcrowded population. The live band at night is awesome too.
2	I booked my reservation as 2Queen beds. When I checked in, they are out of 2 queen beds. They explained to me that its first come, first surge. So how come you guys makes us have choice when we make reservation!? This is just ridiculous and I never had those kind of policy. They are sucks and not professional. Even Expedia should have note about it.
1	Don't bother with the JFK exhibit. It's overpriced and has very few items. This is a ripoff.
2	This review is based solely on my interaction with the Spa manager Jorge Alverado....not that he actually wanted to give me jus last name. --however he was wearing a name tag. And to finally answer your question no this will not be a good review. I stayed in the hotel shortly before Christmas 12/19/2014 thru 12/21/2014. A short trip to celebrate a 35th birthday.  Easy to do when you live in Los Angeles.  First off we got there late. At 1 am.  No issues there our rooms were available and the front desk staff was friendly and fast.  We dropped our bags off at the room and hit the bar and the tables.  Fun night all the way around.  I call down to the front desk to get the hours of operation for the Spa and am told its closed along with the pool and buffet for renovations. Fine no need to get up at 10am if I can't soak in the hot tub   On my way out to go to the buffet at the Palms. What do my eyes see?   An open spa....WTF?  So we stop in talk to the girl at the front desk.  Get a tour and correct hours of operations and pricing.  We contemplate staying because she was so nice and helpful. However hunger won out and we went to eat.  Of course once again we stayed at the Palms drinking and gambling the night away. But at 3am we make a pact to go to the spa at 9 am Sunday morning. My friend already there, pays her $10 to get in.  So it's my turn and the price is $20.  Um why?  So here's where client service takes a jump out the window. As I'm explaining to the guy at the desk Jorge what happened and how I got the $10 quote. He shrugged his shoulders claps his hands and tells me it's $20. And that's it. 5 minutes later and I'm sick of his attitude. So I ask to speak to the manager.  I kid you not this fool is the manager.  So now I'm like this is the manager? Of a spa? A place that makes the bulk of its money on customer service?  This is who they have in charge of the desk?  Finally I ask why the difference in price? Instead of answering the question I was met with a question "don't you know you are not paying the resort fee?"  Really...at this point my friend is like we should just go to a different spa....  To this the attendant Laura said we can give her a refund...and now knowing money is going to be lost Jorge finds a way for me to get in for the $10.  Damage done though.  That facial and message package for $215 that was to be my Christmas present from my husband not spent.  Tropicana you can thank Jorge for that loss of revenue directly. I did spend $30 on the neurobed. That is something I would recommend to anyone who visits. I also logged a complaint that day at the front desk. Along with this review and an email I will also be sending in.  So thanks Jorge I came back to Los Angeles and was able to get my facial and message at Burk Williams...and my husband also brought me a three day spa pass. So I got much more out of this than I would have due to you lack of professionalism and manners
1	Terrible Terrible Terrible experience!We checked in on Sunday afternoon for 2 nights. The hotel was basically empty. We had 2 rooms booked for the nights. One room seemed to be ok until we saw the cracks in the bathtub that just seemed to be falling apart. I could probably live with that seeing as the rooms were fairly cheap. What really threw us off was the second room. It was incredibly humid. We asked to changed rooms or at least bring a fan to the room and after promising the fan would be up at some point in the next 45 minutes we never received a fan in the room. Needless to say that we couldn't sleep much that night in that room.Bad service, bad rooms, uncooperative staff. I won't be back here in the future.
5	Love the lounge and the band Jamm they are the best! Nice open airy lounge with plenty of places to sit. Bartenders are friendly and service is excellent. One suggestion..I tried to google the days bands play and only find lounge hours. It would be helpful to have this information online f
5	Best service ever. Security is always on point. Tommy and Trenice Hanger working the graveyard shifts -- both deal with "shit" of what the world treats las vegas as and makes things work out for the better. -- definitely a place to consider, as well as a bonus or raise for the both of them. -- the "invisible" who make vegas safe for you. -- the sidelines who make the border of a piece always look better. -- thank you. i only hope for the best. thank you.
1	Terrible experience. Worst service ever. We should call room service 3 time to get some thing.When we get there the shampoos in the bathroom were half used! Disgusting!
1	I just had the absolute worst experience checking in. I've been here for 10 minutes and I'm already leaving this review, which I've never done before. Juaquine Lopes at the front desk should be terminated.  After waiting in one line for 15 minutes to check in, he opens up a second line telling everyone behind us to go in front of us. I waited another 25 minutes to check in, only to be told by him that I was in the wrong line to begin with and its my fault (every other person in my line was there to check in as well). Not sure how we all were at fault. Maybe Juaquine, before screwing over 20 people in line out of 30 minutes of their time, start at the front of the line and politely ask what they are waiting on. Once I'm at the front I ask him why he did that. He is silent. I ask him again; he smiles and doesn't answer. I say to him "no I'm serious, why did you do that?" To which he says "one or two beds?" That lazy smug desk guy wouldn't even answer my question. I will never stay in this hotel again. Rooms are a piece of cr@p here. If I didn't already pre-pay, I would already be out of here. I'm tempted to just leave the room paid for that's how disrespectful that guy was. If you are looking for low class crowd(guy refused to move out of the way for my wife to exit the line to use the restroom. Once he finally did he called her a bitch for asking to walk around him)and a sub par mannered staff, look no further.  Contact me with further questions and let me talk you out of this hotel. Brian - bsdavis4@gmail.comUpdate - 9:45 am after first night -  no hot water for the shower.
4	Pros: - free valet parking- beautiful pools and outdoor areas- the breakfast at Beach Cafe was amazing (bottomless mimosas!)- the bed was quite comfortable- great customer serviceCons:- the room was musty and smelled of cigarettes (although called non-smoking)- no in room fridge
3	After sending my survey back to the Tropicana, I was contacted by Shelby Masacek in their Guest Relations team shortly after and was offered two nights for free if we wanted to come back and try the hotel again and she seemed truly sorry we had such a poor experience. I thanked them for the offer but declined as I really had no desire to come back here again. I did request a partial credit for our stay and was granted that within a few days. I think they do have some good customer service since some places wouldn't even bother and I definitely appreciate their willingness to try and make up for the poor experience!
1	Smells great , nice room, but the people here are very rude. Upon arrival I had booked through price line and the man at the desk seemed to be helpful until he started to rush through the terms never stated anything about a resort fee or deposit most hotels express in advance. After getting into my room I received a text from my bank stating I was charge a 50$ fee for deposit and a 20$ charge for resort fees. No one informed me this. Called the front desk and was hung up on. Heater wasn't working with close to 20 degree weather coditions  called matinence and no one arrived. Bath tub had dirty film on it. This place seems nice on the outside looking in but service wasn't great   1/2/15  Brittani Collins
3	We stayed at the hotel for a couple of nights, and I honestly was expecting more. Maybe they're still renovating the rooms, because the lobby has been done in the past couple of years, but the rooms didn't seem updated at all. Everything was clean enough, and it was mostly just a place to sleep. We got a steal of a deal, so it was worth it. But I probably wouldn't stay here unless I was getting a really good deal.
3	Positive - Nellie called and listened to my complaints and promised to address them with the staff as well as relocating me to a new room. Things seemed to get better here. Marco, the luggage attendant was excellent and all employees should have his level of customer service. Negative - 2 straight days of cold morning showers. Neither of the two rooms I was in had hot water between 8-10am. No problem at night getting a hot shower but good luck in the AM..
3	Basic casino hotel.  Expensive restaurants.  Great staff.  We were there for a conference, and, as with all casino hotels, had to travel through the casino to get anywhere.  But, the Doubletree staff were, to a person, incredibly welcoming and helpful, from assembling our mobility scooter when we unloaded it, to finding us a taxi or making sure we knew where we were going  when we left the hotel.  The concierge, David, got us discounted tickets for a couple of GREAT shows, even after Ticketmaster showed them sold out.
3	Was here a few days before Christmas. Check in for hilton diamond is in a separate room off to the right of normal check in area. Nice quiet and private, liked that. We were upgraded to a room with a bedroom and living room also had a mini fridge, the breakfast included was a joke, the area was a small cafeteria style place with only two people working. Large lines and very noisy. Food just ok but if paying yourself so overpriced, the staff there was nice though and even though overworked they smiled. It was December 22 and very busy. Location is good and right on strip. Would stay for the price but resort fee seems not necessary for hilton diamond members since the status covers items pretty much anyway. It's just ok.
