4	I was lucky enough to play the part of a sponge tonight. The Philharmonic Orchestra wanted bums in seats in order to help soak up some sound. I guess the opportunity was two-fold--we got to watch a rehearsal, which is typically closed to the public, and we were among the first people to hear live music in Reynolds Hall. Being a rehearsal, they stopped a lot, but they were terrific nonetheless and their guest pianist was outstanding.But let's get to The Smith Center itself. That place has been on everyone's radar for much of the past year. I sure hope it becomes a smash hit because the building is damn impressive. The Grand Lobby is elegant and the decor is completely unlike what you'd expect to find in the downtown Las Vegas area.They wouldn't let us take photos tonight, but if you go to The Smith Center's web site, you can see renderings of Reynolds Hall. And honestly, the space looks almost exactly like that. They really did a fantastic job of bringing this idea to life. I had to spend a few minutes just admiring all of the work that went into the construction.The Smith Center has its skeptics, but I'm definitely a believer. Initially, I was really just waiting for Wicked tickets to go on sale. Now that I've seen the place, I may have to find an excuse to go watch something--anything--when it finally opens next month.
4	I can't review the entertainment venues yet.  I stopped yesterday to add to my ticket drawer for upcoming shows.  Since it's still a construction area, I had to wait for security to walk me to the box office.The grounds are beautiful.  There's one problem with the box office.  To accommodate people with disabilities, the speaker in the window is placed lower than a normal position for a person standing.  The person taking my order couldn't here me well unless I bent down and spoke more directly into the speaker area.  It was also difficult to understand what he was saying because the box office area is all marble and the sound of other people at another window echoed throughout the small area.  Seeing the buildings and Symphony Park up close for the first time was exciting and I'm looking forward to the opening.  It seems like it's taken forever to build this place, but at last it's ready to shine.  I hope within a few weeks I'll be back to raise the rating to 5 stars.Welcome to Las Vegas, Smith Center!
2	This review is for the box office only.  Went there to buy tickets for an event in May.  I had a very difficult time communicating with the box office ticket agent. The acoustics in the box office area are absolutely atrocious!  Because of the marble floors, granite walls, the small area of the actual room, and a sheet of glass separating you from the ticket agent, we both had to repeat ourselves numerous times because every little sound echoes very badly.  The microphone/speaker in the glass requires a better design, also.  If you (or the ticket agent) aren't speaking directly into the microphones, you can't really hear anything through the glass.  When the room is full of people experiencing the same acoustic problems, they all tend to talk louder. Couple that with 2 people talking very loudly on their cell phones.....the echoes in this room become almost unbearable.  For a facility built solely for performing arts venues, you'd think they would put a little more thought and effort in the acoustics.I'll probably write an update after I see the show.
4	I was able to attend one of the two nights last week that The Smith Center had dedicated to the men and woman that help build this awesome building.  It is always nice to walk into the finished product and see what your company is capable of doing!First of all when I booked my tickets online, they accidentally sent me tickets for Thursday when I asked for Friday.  I hadn't even checked my email yet and I already had a phone call from the box office telling me of the mistake and that a new email was coming out.  That was fast and great customer service!The parking was a little hectic as we drove in but have to remember that its some of the first shows and they don't have it down to a science yet.  Once getting in, just so beautiful inside.  People were all around, enjoying the lobby, bar, etc...  Since the lobby is small it does get a little packed but they are a lot of hidden places to relax that you don't see unless you walk around.I was able to get fourth row Orchestra seats and for a concert, Randy Travis, that worked.  I would want higher seats if I came to see a ballet or something more involved on the stage.  The sound was wonderful.  I haven't been in many places like this so I cant really compare it but it sound awesome.  I was very comfortable in my seat, didn't need to get up to stretch or anything.I hope to come back and see some other shows here and hopefully can give another review of this great new place in Vegas.
5	Opening night and some random observations & thoughts.Building- Art Deco, much marble and genuinely outstanding. Worth a visit even if you're not going to a show.Parking- plentiful outside plus garage.Bathrooms- more marble and 5 star.Bars - Only two downstairs plus one on fifth floor balcony area. They may have underestimated our thirst.Theatre- Every seat offers perfect views. Many ushers, no drinks inside. Sound- Perfection . No carpeting to enhance your experience, even in boxes. Opening show. Long! Almost 3 hours!! Broadway stars, big voices and handsome/pretty. Dancers- top notch.Stars! Jennifer Hudson- Beautiful, skinny, tall and WHAT a voice. Willy & Merle- old, gnarly and still cool! Martina McBride - HOT . Pat Monahan - Wifee says Hot. John Fogerty- Still rocking and FIVE songs! Carole King and Mavis Staples - Energetic and maybe biggest applause. Joshua Bell with his fiddle - Oh My.Host - Neil Patrick Harris- great at reading the auto cue .Vegas Elite- Mayor & Mr G. Best seats and seemed to enjoy, as they ought. George Maloof plus remarkably hot GF, good seats but left before the end. I saw you! Siegfried & Roy, I'm not sure of the name of the one that the tiger chewed up but after looking him over, I'm never getting a tiger. Everyone was here but far too many to list. Jennifer closed the show with a fine rendition of " Take Care Of This House" backed by an excellent choir. Appropriate and most fitting.The evening ended with champagne , big strawberries and cake pops. Apparently they spent $470 million on this place. Worth EVERY penny, Vegas should be proud.
5	Even though there are still glitches to be worked out, I have to up my rating to 5 stars.  I attended my first concert at the Smith Center last night--Michael Feinstein's Sinatra Project.  The building is beautiful.  Next time, I'll go early and just spend some time looking at the art both outside and inside.  Reynolds Hall is amazing.  Seating just over 2,000, the theatre appears more intimate than that because of the multi-tier design.  Acoustics are superb, and the skylight is visually stunning.  Getting in and out via Symphony Park Avenue was a bit slow, but it is opening week.  This was only the third regular concert in the venue.  The Smith has an ambitious schedule for this inaugural year with 50+ events scheduled between its opening on March 12th until the middle of August.  This is a venue for which Las Vegas can be very proud.  I'll be back often.
5	I cannot fully describe how happy this place makes me.  I am a theater geek and have been dying for a real theater in Vegas ever since I moved here.  This is not like the many theaters on the Strip that cut a show down to a 60-90 minute version of itself just so everyone can be herded back to the slot machines.  The Smith Center is finally here, it's built for us locals, and it has so many great programs to offer.This review is for Reynolds Hall.I was here for the first concert (Bela Fleck, not the super expensive gala) and I have to say this place is amazing.  There is gorgeous marble everywhere, beautiful lighting, stunning architecture, and all within an Art Deco theme.  Step inside The Smith Center and you will feel transported to 1928 in New York City.Despite having four (yes, four) balconies, the elevators are surprisingly easy to deal with.  I did leave during the encore so perhaps that helped with the wait time.  The balconies are small and intimate and you can easily see over the people in front of you.  I was sitting in the Gallery (or 3rd balcony) and the seats weren't as bad as I imagined they would be.  A smidge higher than I would have liked but certainly not a bad view like you would picture for a third balcony.  I would try to get tickets in the section below (Dress Circle) if you can.The bathrooms are large and there wasn't too long of a wait time.  Try to wait a few minutes after intermission begins to avoid the lines.  The lines for the bar, however, are long throughout the entire intermission.  There were two small bars in the Upper Lobby (right outside of the Gallery) and I didn't even bother to try to get anything.  I didn't see any pricing for the alcohol.Speaking of the Upper Lobby, there is a beautiful view from the terrace that is located on this floor.  You can view Symphony Park (the outdoor venue) just below and downtown Las Vegas is to the right.  The beautiful view will be marred by smokers however, so unless that's your thing don't expect to stay out here for too long.The acoustics at Reynolds Hall are one word: outstanding.  Even though we were high up in the Gallery, we still heard everything as though we were sitting a few rows back from the stage.  It doesn't get any better than this.I have dreamt of a place like The Smith Center for the few years I've lived in Vegas and I have to thank everyone that contributed in any way.  You have provided us not only with a performance arts theater but a beautiful building for the downtown area, a learning space for the children of Vegas, a gathering place for friends and families, inspiration from the performances, architecture and art at your theater, and a sense that this town is finally starting to care for its own.  Las Vegas is grateful.
3	THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE CABARET JAZZ CLUB: I am, and will continue to be a Smith Center promoter and supporter but I have to give a few comments on the Cabaret Jazz having just experienced last nights 7:00 PM performance of the SF Jazz musicians doing Stevie Wonder: It is a great room and the right size but please Management can you soften it up a bit? Candles or little lamps on the tables? Tablecloths? With wood floors and wood tables it's a bit cold. Also the description of the room says the stage "overlooks" downtown and there isn't a window in the place. Service was slow and lacking but I chalk that up to opening night nerves. I think the group, while interesting, was not what I had expected. Not one song, except the last, was discernible as a Steve Wonder song. And one last thing; this is marketed as a "Supper Club" which I envisage as NOT a concert meaning you can enjoy cocktails, food and light conversation, just like in the movies. Having a very personable Club Manager there in a white dinner jacket ( to compliment the cool art deco decor) to introduce the band and set the tone for the evening would work wonders for your patrons enjoyment of the evening. Last night the entire room stared at the stage as if it WERE a concert because we didn't know what the protocol was. So after all that whining I will continue to go back again and again as this is exactly what Las Vegas needs. PS: This is a great room for Clint Holmes and I am sure he will BRING DOWN THE HOUSE.
5	A REVIEW OF REYNOLDS HALL  Wow,  what an amazing night at the theater!  In Las Vegas. Not in a casino. Yes, the Smith Center has arrived and Sin City can claim that it has more real culture going on.  I had the pleasure of seeing the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theatre perform last night in this brand-new venue for the performing arts.  With much anticipation, my friend and I arrived 45 minutes early to explore the grounds and bask in the newness of it all.  Unlike when I saw "Phantom" or "Jersey Boys' on the Strip, the patrons on this night were actually dressed up for the theatre; jeans were scarce and thank goodness no one was wearing shorts!  There was a palpable sense of excitement in the lobby as people milled around, taking in the ambiance, greeting friends, or getting drinks and snacks from the bars.  Beautiful marble floors, marble walls, chandeliers, ushers in bow ties and vests:  just being in the main lobby was a feast for the senses.  My friend and I had seats in the center Parterre section, which meant we were on the ground floor of the theatre in the last row.  Our seats were located on the end of the row and we had stools instead of actual seats since it was an area for ADA patrons;  the stools could be removed to accomodate wheelchairs. I actually liked sitting on the stools because we had some elevation and a better view of the stage.  It was a full house and the audience certainly appreciated the wonderful performances of the Ailey company.  I appreciated the fact that patrons respected the no-cellphone-use during the show.  I only saw one person have his phone on for a second, and in that second, there was an usher ready to swoop down and admonish him before the phone went dark. Furthermore, neither my friend nor I could get cell service in the actual theater, so that could also hamper one's itch to check messages, tweet, Facebook, or dare I say, Yelp  (I had to check-in when I was in the lobby)!  How did last night compare to theater-going in Chicago, Los Angeles, or New York?  I would happily respond that Las Vegas has its very own venue that is on par with those cities, one that is smoke-free and far from the sounds of slot machines ringing in the lobby.  I can't wait to go back to see "The Color Purple," "Wicked," Diana Krall, and more--bravo!!
4	CABARET JAZZ Venue:We were able to attend the first show at this venue for the performance of SFJAZZ Collective. Having anticipated the Smith Center  opening, it felt like arriving at Disneyland as a kid when we arrived at the center. The building is amazing! The Art/Deco design, marble floors and architecture is beautiful. It reminded me of the lobby at the Empire State Building!That being said, the Cabaret Jazz Theater, is advertised as a jazz club style where you can have drinks and dinner. It also is said to have a great view of the city. There are no windows in the place...At All! The service was also lacking a lot. We arrived early to have dinner there and they would not open the doors until 30 minutes before the show. Then, we were not waited on for 45 minutes and only after we flagged down a manager. Once we did get served, the food was good. The sliders were tasty and the Lobster Mac n' Cheese was awesome! There were a lot of distractions during the show with waiters walking by constantly to all the tables too. There isn't a bad seat in the house and the mezzanine level might seem to be the better seating and is very limited.This was the premier opening, so we'll chalk up everything to opening night jitters. We still support the center and everything it has to offer. This type of venue has been long over due in Las Vegas and as season ticket holders, can't wait to visit the Reynold's Hall, revisit Cabaret Jazz and see all the other great talents that are out there!
5	Wow, what a great place. Very classy, awesome acoustics, reasonable prices, easy to get to and easy getting out. We saw The Pink Floyd Experience tonight. There appears to be no bad seats. A great addition to Las Vegas!
5	The Smith Center is a fabulous new arts venue for Las Vegas.  I personally think the exterior architecture is a bit staid, but it is a classic design that will look just as good 100 years from now, and the Smith Center is one of very few buildings in Las Vegas that will still be here in 100 years.  The interior is spectacular--three different types of gorgeous Italian marble, stainless steel, glass and hardwoods in a timeless art deco design that echos Hoover Dam.  The quality of the workmanship throughout the Smith Center is just amazing.  The building was designed from the ground up for superb acoustics, and the engineers succeeded.  Although there are no bad seats in Reynolds, the 5th level balcony is WAY up there and you feel like you are looking down on the performers, rather than at the performers.  I'd recommend nothing higher than the 4th level, and the 3rd level (Dress Circle) is great.  The Jazz Cabaret Theater is not nearly as opulent as Reynolds Hall, but it is much more intimate and there are no bad seats.  The sound is great and you really feel like you are in an intimate jazz club.  There is food and drink service during the performances, but they manage to make it unobtrusive.  I will be going back to both venues again and again.
5	The theater is amazing. I went to see a orchestra performance and the sound was great. The design of the entire place is visually interesting.
2	My wife and I usually go out of town to see cultural events.  Over the last few years we have attended performances of the San Francisco Ballet,  Los Angeles Philharmonic and Chicago Symphony Orchestra.  We have been to the Disney Center,  the Hollywood Bowl, Ravinia, Chicago Orchestra Hall and the War Memorial Opera House. Now we wanted to see if we had been giving short shrift to the town we live in. Attending a Joshua Bell performance at a brand new venue, what could go wrong?  The answer is a lot.  Granted, this was one performance and I was sitting in the balcony. That caveat said, the Smith Center has problems in three areas: audience behavior, acoustics and staffing.I have been in better behaved audiences at death metal concerts.  The woman behind me kept tapping her toes, crossing and uncrossing her legs and occasionally kicking the back of my chair.  This was a problem because of the steepness of the seats in the balcony, all the noise and kicking was right by my ears.  The patron next to my wife decided to crack her knuckles and joints during the third selection.  Another patron was rustling her program so loudly (even though she could not possibly have read it in the dark) that I could hear it twenty seats over. But most of all was the incessant coughing, throat clearing and crinkling of plastic water bottles. There is less background noise when a train goes by Ravinia than in this concert hall.   I am always glad to see children exposed to good music and attending a concert is a great way for young people to be socialized.  However, parents control your children or remove them from the hall quickly.  Other venues restrict attendance to children over 8 years of age.  The Smith Center should consider such a limit.  To my fellow audience members: you should applaud at the end of each piece, not between movements.  If you do not know when that is, remain quiet so as not to disturb your fellow concertgoers. Dear Smith Center Management, Please make announcements about remaining quiet and turning off cell phones and pagers at the beginning of each performance.  Your audience does not know any better and it won't learn unless you tell it.  I silenced my phone for this performance but its ring would have gone unnoticed in this circus. The staff obviously felt the audience was not making enough noise while the music was playing.  While the music was playing, we could hear slamming doors and items being dropped.  The noises seemed to be coming from backstage.  I was wondering what would come next.  Perhaps the beep beep beep of a trash truck backing up or maybe a backdrop falling over on the stage. There was definitely no way to just lose myself in the music and enjoy the performance. The staff in the front of the house was courteous and excited to be showcasing the new venue.  However, they did nothing (and I expect this is from inexperience and lack of training) to deal with all the audience noise.  A question I have is, why ask people to arrive an hour before (6:30) the performance but not open the express elevator to the balcony until 7?  Furthermore, the doors to the hall were opened later than that. This really is a quibble, but what is blogging for? I cannot speak to the overall acoustics in Reynolds Hall after hearing one performance in one seat and I am not an acoustical engineer.  My experience does raise questions about the acoustics at the Smith Center.  First of all, there is no carpeting on the floor of the balcony seats.  It seems to me that this would help dampen the noise emanating from the audience.  The fact that I heard noises from backstage points to a design flaw.  You know people have to work during the performance.  You know you do not want that noise heard out front.  Your design must incorporate things to isolate the backstage activity from the front. Unfortunately there is no way to tell if all the noise was because of the audience or if the volume of the music reaching me was lower than expected.  In other words was I sitting in a dead spot?  I cannot be sure.  Perhaps my criticism is more properly leveled at the balcony seats.  To know for sure, I would need to attend another performance and sit in another location.  But, after this experience, that is not likely to happen for years.
5	For Las Vegas, this is definitely "as good as it gets".  I love anything related to theater: musicals, plays, ballets, operas, orchestras, etc. and I have been to my share of performances in LA, SF, and NY.  And I believe that The Smith Center holds its own.  It is still brand new and still surrounded by a lot of construction, but that construction just means potential for even more artistic excellence and inspiration.    I came for "An evening with David Sedaris" in the Reynolds Hall, and even Mr. Sedaris called the venue "lovely" and a refreshing change from the stuffy and baroque style theaters that he frequently performs at.  Personally, it was also nice to watch a show without having to walk through a smoke filled casino with sounds of slot machines ringing in my ears.  Even more nice to not have to navigate my way around scantily clad drunk college kids with a yardstick of alcohol around their necks.  I purchased tickets online and was very impressed to see the "view from your seat" link, and after virtually sitting in almost every section, I decided to purchase tickets in the "Right Dress Circle" on the 3rd level and I was very pleased with our view of the stage and the acoustics.  From the moment that we drove onto the lot to the moment we left, the staff was very professional, friendly, and eager to help. It seemed that there were more staff than necessary, but perhaps they wanted to ensure a very smooth and seamless experience- and that it was.   I have already purchased tickets for future performances and am looking forward to visiting the Cabaret Jazz venue as well.  I am pretty sure I will be a season ticket holder soon because The Smith Center is definitely a world class performing arts center that Las Vegans can be proud to call their own.
5	This place may not be perfect, but I sincerely appreciate the fact that their is an earnest effort to bring some culture to Las Vegas!The venue is amazing.  The had some uniquely Vegas style sculptures outside that somehow appeared interesting and not typically garish Vegas stuff.  The building itself was impressive.  It has a retro art decco appeal.  They used a lot of limestone on this place.  I only went to the Jazz Cabaret.  I liked everything about it except for the chairs.  They were uncomfortable and you have to sit down for an hour and half.  I have a narrow ass - I need a cushion to sit on!  Like the movies.I went to see Joey De Francesco!  What an amazing jazz performer.  He is my second favorite living jazz artist second only to Dave Brubek! I was a little disappointed because there were only about 100 people there, the crowd that was there made me feel young again:)This is a must for locals.
5	Went there to see the PSY 7 fingers acrobats last night and it is a beautiful building with not a bad seat in the house. I was worried the parking was going to be a problem but I got out of self parking lot without much trouble from the crowds. Everything ran smoothly
2	If you're rating The Smith Center on looks and amenities then yes, you will rate it highly; it is a beautiful, elegant, and impressive facility. However, if you are interested in more personal and substantive values, such as acoustics and seating experience, you may not be so happy. Seating: Some reviewers have said that there is not a bad seat in the house; I would guess they were not seated in the balcony. I sat first row, and the horizontal bar that separates the audience from the edge blocked my view of the stage so that I had to constantly shift in my seat in order to see parts of the stage. I had conversations with some of the other folks in that same row, and a number of them were freaked out by the steepness of the seating and the narrow aisle in front of the edge that we had to negotiate to get to our seats. If you are afraid of heights, be warned! A lot of people were very uncomfortable with the feeling of instability and how easy it would be to fall over the rail (not high enough to feel secure) and plummet five stories. Also, I found the overall design of Reynolds Hall seating layout to be quite ordinary, pretty enough, but nothing innovative by any means.Acoustics: I was at the first official concert, Bela Fleck and the Flecktones, and the acoustics were just plain terrible. The sound was muddy and there were many moments  when the piano could not be heard at all, when all the instruments were playing. This was extremely disappointing to me; I saw this band with the same personnel many years ago and I was looking forward to their concert with great excitement, only to be troubled by the sound. Was this the fault of the hall's acoustic design, or simply an incompetent sound board engineer? I don't know.Tickets: In my opinion, the ticket prices are too high, if you want a good seat anyway. I would never, ever, sit in the Balcony again ( I waited too long to buy a ticket and the Balcony was all that was left). I would expect that anywhere on the lower levels would be ok for enjoying a full orchestra performance, but any show where you would want to see the individual performers clearly, such as a play or a single act like David Sedaris, would require the highest-priced seats, for me anyway, since I don't have the vision of an eagle. All in all, I feel that TSC hardly lives up to all the hype. I doubt that I will attend any future events unless things change.
4	Oh, you fancy huh? Well this place sure is, but not intimidatingly so. Just a genuinely beautiful place to get yourself some culture. Nestled in a sort of odd to get to spot of downtown (the kind of place you can see but there's no straight line to), The Smith Center is bringing some serious cool-factor to downtown LV. Working downtown has more perks every day! The shows offered here are eclectic to say the least. If broadway is your thing, they've got you more than covered, with a full season of award-winning shows coming up. The list just begins there...they've got bluegrass, interpretive dance, comedy....definitely covering all the bases. The venue itself is incredible. A nice break from theaters shoved in between slot machines and a Fat Tuesdays. Super clean with friendly, helpful staff at every turn. They've even got a nice snack bar with treats for a sweet tooth or if you're craving a sandwich. There are a few sitting areas to enjoy before the show or during the intermission. Don't miss the outdoor balcony at the very top, pretty great view of downtown. The seats are comfy too! I'm a season ticket holder in the dress circle and I could be biased, but they offer a great view! Check it out for a classy kinda night.
5	I didn't even know a place like this existed in Vegas!  In one word, this place is AH-MAZE-ING!  The acoustics are fantastic, the place is dramatic and perfect for any type of performance. Earlier this month, we had our company's all hands meeting here.  Our opening included a number of song and dance.  The music and voice resonated through this venue and brought everything to a whole new level.I haven't been to any other production, but seriously intend to.  I think this place is really going to help in the downtown rejuvenation process!
5	Ok, Reynolds Hall was fantastic. The box office design had me worried, but the acoustics in the hall were superb. Raised seating, private boxes and multiple levels. I'd venture to say there is not one single "bad" seat in the house, a good view to the stage wherever you sit. The incredible performances by Buddy Guy and Quinn Sullivan made it all the better. I'll definitely go back for another concert venue.
5	Beautiful facility, friendly people, and not a bad seat in the house. So happy that we now have a place like this in Las Vegas and that it doesn't involve walking through a casino or dealing the Strip traffic!
5	Wow! Color me impressed!  The art-deco-marble-everywhere stylings of the Smith Center are simply amazing.  The building reeks of permanence and solidity - as if it were built in the 20s in New York.  We had the very LAST seats in the very LAST row of the house to see Buddy Guy.  It's no lie that every seat has great sight lines - although up that high, with the seating that steep, it was almost dizzying. And the sound? The sound was perfect - even from where we sat! If you go - make sure you take some time and walk through the building.  There are plenty of bars to be had on each floor - and the prices weren't too bad either - $6.00 for a plastic lidded cup of house wine (with a straw!).  Lots of seating, a nice black baby Yamaha grand player piano playing some soothing tunes on the 2nd or 3rd.  Don't miss a step out onto the balcony to watch the lights turn on Downtown as the sun sets - fab!  I think little ol' Vegas is growing up!
2	I have waited a while to write this review because I wanted to make sure I saw several shows here before I passed judgment.  In all fairness, I have a music degree and, therefore, I am a picky music snob.  I am.  I admit it.  I expect certain things when a facility of this caliber is built.  The Smith Center has NOT passed the test for me.  I think the only reason you would find this facility "stunning" is if you have never been anywhere else.  If you're used to seeing an Elvis the Pelvis impersonator down on the Strip, this place will seem fancy.  If you've ever been to another symphony hall or performed in one (as I used to in St. Louis), you will likely be disappointed.The first show I saw here was Bela Fleck and the Flecktones.  We sat in decent seats, but nothing great.  There were definite acoustical and visibility issues - it's definitely not one of those places where there "isn't a bad seat in the house."  Trust me, there is.  Other concert halls possess great acoustics to counteract the visibility issues that are inherent with sitting up with the birds.  Not so here.  If you don't spring for decent seats, you're kinda screwed.  In the cabaret theater, the tables on the floor are too close together... uncomfortably so.  In the balcony, the tables are wobbly.  The whole facility is dark (some candles or something on the table would help) and the bar that goes around the balcony is so high and ornate that you have to literally hang over it to see if you're under six feet tall.  I felt like a dog hanging out of a car window.  Oh, and don't order food.  You will pay a lot to be served with plastic utensils and crappy, flimsy plates.  We spent a LOT for fruit and fromage, yet half the berries were rotten.  I guess Vegas residents just don't know how to "do this" yet - how to be a good patron for fine arts.  I felt like I was at a pep rally when I saw Bela Fleck.  The guy next to me had a double-fister of Sam Adams.  I don't know if y'all know this, but THIS IS NOT NORMAL.  If you're going to a jazz or classical concert, it is NOT acceptable to get sloppy drunk and chant the name of the performer in the middle of a song.  You should not be so drunk that you're breaking bottles and creating a mess at the feet of others.  Also, if I get up to use the restroom, PLEASE DON'T TRY TO STEAL MY SEAT BECAUSE YOU'RE DISSATISFIED WITH YOURS.  If you want unassigned seating, go to your local high school and watch a basketball game.  This is NOT OKAY.  IT IS NOT A NORMAL THING TO DO AT A CONCERT HALL.  Oh, and please for the love of God please, put on some adequate clothing.  A woman in club wear tripped down the stairs and, I swear, I almost saw a ta-ta.  If you are dressed properly for this venue, I won't have to flush out my bleeding eyeballs when I have to see your saggy ladybags.I also blame the facility.  Your patrons are uneducated ogres, apparently, and they need help.  Make an announcement to turn off phones.  They don't know better and they'll NEVER know better if you don't make your expectations clear.  When I was at the Bela Fleck concert, a family actually brought in a PAN OF RICE KRISPIE TREATS.  Oh, the humanity.  Oh, the oppressive crinkling of the foil covering!  These people should have been ejected.  There is nothing wrong with enforcing a certain set of standards and decorum in a facility like this.  It should be expected, and anything less demonstrates a lack of class and culture. I also went and saw Jane Monheit in the cabaret theater.  This experience was WORSE.  Our original show time was canceled, so we were confirmed for an earlier show instead and our tickets were transferred to the new time.  My online confirmation was correct, but when we went to pick up the tickets at the will-call window, they had the WRONG DATE on them.  After the box office confirmed that they indeed made a mistake, we were told to just go upstairs to our table and "hope they didn't have a double-booking."  Of course, two minutes before the show, a very rude usher ejected us from our table when another couple showed up with tickets for the exact same seats.  With no seats and with no help from the usher, we went downstairs and had to find a manager to complain.  Eventually, we were upgraded to better seats, but not because they were sorry.  It was just the only table left.  We had to share the table with two strangers (who were very nice, but it still was a bit strange and put a damper on the evening).  There was no apology for the mix-up or the inexcusably rude treatment.I WANT to like this place.  I have tickets to see Wicked on my wedding weekend.  I desperately want to support the arts in this city.  Why, Smith Center, oh WHY do you and your patrons make this so hard?
3	My boyfriend and I went to see the Color Purple at the Smith Center. Unfortunately we could only get balcony seats. My boyfriend who is scared of heights almost freaked out when he seen how high we had to sit. The seats were close together and most people had to constantly stand when someone wanted in or out. Don't even think about going to the restroom!The stage was so far, it could have been my next door neighbor with a wig on playing multiple characters and I wouldn't have known since you could not make out faces. I also noticed people sitting in the box seats on the left side had to hunch over to look down at the play, it looked uncomfortable. A few fortunate people brought binoculars, lucky them. Since this was out first time there we learned a lesson. My daughter and I are going to see Wicked and you better believe we got some of the best seats. The place is nice and the staff is great but the balcony seats are not worth paying for.
5	After now viewing four performances here, I think it is high time for me to review Las Vegas' world-class performance hall, Reynolds Hall, in The Smith Center.  I delayed this review because the first time I attended a performance here, the opening night of "The Color Purple," it was difficult to understand the actors' words.  But I learned that this was a result of the national touring group insisting on using its own microphone system, which did not coordinate well with The Smith Center's audio system.  After later hearing Idina Menzel at one point sounding clear as a bell without a microphone at all while I sat in the sixth row of the steep balcony, the uppermost level of Reynolds Hall, I am now sure that the acoustics here are superb.  And, although the view of the stage is excellent from all vantage points, it is difficult to see the top half of the curtain from high up in the balcony, which made it impossible to see Idina Menzel when she stood on a riser behind the illuminated curtain just before she walked out on stage.  But, once she was on stage, there were no sight problems at all.And, back where my two assigned season ticket seats for the Broadway musicals are located, the sight lines are without peer: parterre front row movable and cushioned box seats midway on the left side just over the heads of those sitting in the left orchestra section.  Restrooms are also just a few yards away, so we can get there before almost everyone else in the hall.  I was lucky to obtain these seats by purchasing them almost as soon as season tickets first went on sale, and, based on how delightful it has been to occupy them so far, plan to keep renewing them for life.  I have seen the Vienna Opera House from inside, and when I sit in my assigned seat for Broadway musical performances in Reynolds Hall I feel like I am in one of the private boxes there. It is clear that no detail was left neglected in the ten years it took to plan and bring this fine performing arts center to fruition.  Even door knobs match the art deco look of the bell tower, a theme that is replicated both inside and outside throughout Reynolds Hall.  The lobby is spacious, with flooring that looks like marble.  And, higher up, a large interior lounge has comfortable upholstered seats, two refreshment serving areas on each end, and sleek glass doors that look onto a really high second story balcony from which one has a panoramic view of the sculpture garden across the street and nearby downtown.  It is a nice spot to visit either before the start of a performance or during intermission.Las Vegans can be very proud of their new cultural arts center, and would be well advised to take good advantage of it.
3	Have season tickets and have enjoyed all the shows except for Mary Poppins, which had the equipment failure for over one hour.  Beautiful place, sound is very good and the performances have been great, especially loved the Million Dollar Quartet. The negative is the parking that is provided, rude employees, and a general lack of care for the patrons.
2	Unfortunately, I have had pretty disappointing experiences with the box office and feel it necessary to warn others.  IF YOU ARE A SEASON SUBSCRIBER, DO NOT ATTEMPT TO EXCHANGE YOUR TICKETS OR YOU WILL BE VERY DISAPPOINTED.  Although they advertise this "benefit" to season subscribers such as myself, they do not have availability and attempt to "force" you to buy more expensive tickets.  This is a sham as far as I am concerned.  In my instance, I refused to pay the difference for more expensive tickets and now am forced to sit in the very last row of the very top floor.  Not a very smart way to treat season ticket holders.  In addition, the season renewal process was poorly handled for those subscribers, such as myself, who attempted to change their current subscription.  Despite having to 'renew" in April, season subscribers are STILL left unaware if their requested changes have been accepted.  Once again, this is clearly an unacceptable way of handling the renewal process.  Certainly, a performing arts center of this caliber should be better equipped to handle such matters.  It is disappointing to know they are not being handled properly and  that no one is taking the appropriate steps to make the necessary changes.
5	Last night we were at the Cabaret Jazz Theater and saw Pia Zadora.  I felt like I had been transported back in time to when the best entertainment was in the very intimate settings of lounge shows.  Her voice and delivery of each song made me feel like she was a friend performing for friends and really wanted us to enjoy the evening.  Don't miss this show the next time it is scheduled.
1	I am the person who they tried to force to sit in the very last row of the very top tier in exchange for my 4th row gallery seats.  Once at the show, I went to the balcony last row and explained to the usher my predicament.  She told me to see the usher on the gallery level.  I then walked down to and spoke to an usher on the gallery level who radioed her manager.  Apparently, the manager already knew my name but had not responded to my many messages (2 telephone messages while at the Smith Center that morning and about a half dozen emails prior thereto).  The "phantom" manager  then said we could sit in unused box seats.  So, I had to run back up to the balcony, retrieve my friend, and we both had to run back down to the dress circle all before the show started.  Needless to say, I got my exercise that day.  Simply put, I had to personally handle the matter 15 minutes before curtain that could have easily been taken care of by management much earlier.  Interestingly, my friend and I noticed empty seats in the gallery section despite being told that they were not available.  Add-On ticketsWe purchased 2 add-on tickets to see La Cage which arrived in the mail prior to our season subscription.  The seats are not our season ticket seats.  When I called to ask why, I was told that our seats for the season "were not available" for La Cage.  Really?  I thought we had preference?  Now I see that they are deeply discounting tickets to La Cage.  I will probably see a lot of empty seats again, maybe even our season subscription seats.   Update will follow.  Missing ticketsI received my season subscription tickets in the mail on Saturday, August 4, 2012.  None of my add-ons were in the envelope.  I ordered and paid for 2 additional tickets to Wicked and 2 tickets to American Idiot in April.  Wicked is three weeks away and I still do not have my extra 2 tickets.  I immediately contacted Patron Services about the missing tickets and was told that they showed they were printed and mailed so I should expect them in a separate envelope in a few days.  Nearly one week later, and I still do not have the Wicked and American Idiot tickets.  I checked The Smith Center Facebook page and read some comments that other people have the same issue.  The response to those comments was that the extra tickets were supposed to be in the envelope and to call Patron Services.  Really?  Based on this response, I again contacted Patron Services about my tickets and am still waiting for an answer.  ABSOLUTELY INCREDIBLE.  Update will follow.
4	This is one beautiful venue, and the City of Las Vegas deserves kudos for encouraging and supporting this project.I was hoping to get to the Smith Center early enough to be able to take in the sights, but that didn't happen.  I had to content myself with just a quick view of the Art Deco surroundings before the start of La Cage aux Folles.  But we got there early enough to have our balcony tickets magically upgraded to orchestra seats; we don't know how or why, but far be it for us to look a gift horse in the mouth!As reported, Reynolds Hall seems much more intimate than its capacity.  The seats were comfortable and leg room was adequate.  Given the fact that the front rows of the theater consisted of tables and chairs where drinks were being consumed, I was surprised that there were no cup holders for our seats.  Also, unlike some other reviewers, I didn't find the acoustics fabulous.  I don't know whether it's the venue, the sound system used in the production or some of the performers, notably George Hamilton, but I had difficulty hearing some of it.  And I don't normally have a hearing problem.I was worried about how long it would take us to get back to the car and then out of the parking lot, but they sure have it well-organized, and we were in our cars and out of the lot in a relatively short period of time, even with the big crowd.The Smith Center is a jewel in the crown, and I wish it great success.
5	I saw another dimension to The Smith Center the other night at The Symphonic Rockshow.  In fact, Reynolds Hall was virtually turned into a supporting cast member of this live production.  Besides great rock music from Yellow Brick Road and a symphony orchestra of over 24 musicians and backup singers, the venue shone with tremendous lighting effects and the first use of pyrotechnics inside this marvelous auditorium.  Lasers not only created complex changing patterns of green lights that extended to the top of the art deco ceiling, but also swirling arcs of green and red lights that actually curved around the various levels of the cream-colored wooden buttresses that supported the box seats.  Then colorful projected pink, blue, and yellow kaleidoscopic patterns on both stage and ceiling in the form of large pebbles accompanied The Beatles' lyrics "I am the walrus" to soon be outdone by clusters of rays bursting with all the colors of the rainbow that were pointed toward the ceiling of the soaring structure.  Blinking white lights blazed to the strains of "Live and Let Die," and two plumes of red and orange flames leaped into the air to punctuate other songs that were from the heavy metal genre.  Images of World War II bombers wheeling and diving in the air were projected on a giant video screen to accompany Pink Floyd's "The Wall"; bursts of both white and blue smoke punctuated the sounds of still more songs; and at one point dry ice rolled across the stage like a solid blanket of fog that even covered the lower half of the piano legs that were firmly mounted on the stage.  Finally, a cascade of frosty white lights dripped down onto the performers like broken star particles during the encore number of Van Halen's "Jump!"   The Smith Center was showing off additional capabilities on this memorable evening!  It is truly a great new resource for the performing arts in the heart of Las Vegas!
5	This place is absolutely amazing! The atmosphere just feels so elegant and rich! The architecture is unbelievable and I love how everything seems to be just right, in place, organized and appealing to the eye and experience.This was my first trip here to see Wicked and I can definitely say it will not be my last. Would love to see Wicked again, but this place has a lot more shows to offer. And I heard they do wedding receptions and other private events here as well. Top notch venue that deserves a lot of recognition! If you don't see a show, just visit the place and it'll make you want to! Oh and Wicked was awesome! :)
4	I don't always feel like I get enough culture in my daily life so I took this last Saturday night to do something I have never done before, see a musical.  Sure, I go to a lot of concerts but they are usually of the heavy metal variety.  It is a different crowd than the kind you find at the Smith Center.  People were well dressed and well behaved.  There was no roudy element.  The Smith Center provided me with a relaxed atmosphere to see a good show.  I was impressed with the entire experience.  The Smith Center is an incredible facility.  From the park across the stree with statues and other sculptures to the Italian marble inside.  From the lime stone exterior to the art deco stainless steel.  This is a magnificant building.  I was seated in the upper level of the balcony section.  Before the show started I slowly made my way to the upper lobby observing the art and decor.  When I arrived at the fifth floor I sat for a while reading through the program for the evening.  A bit later I ordered a coke for $3 (not bad by the way).  There is an outdoor balcony up there with views of Down Town Las Vegas and of the mountains to the North.  It was pleasent place to wait for seating to begin.  I was shocked at how high I was sitting when I first entered the theatre.  The back row of the balcony seemed to be 80-100 feet above the floor below.  It was a hike to get up there.  One I was not really prepared for.  Once I was seated though, I was rewarded with a great view of a fantastic show.  I enjoyed my visit to the Smith Center and I am already looking forward to going back for other shows.  There are a few on my radar that I may consider.  I think I want to sit lower next time though.  The balcony is fine but I don't want the hike again.  Besides, how am I to know the best seat in the house without trying other seats first?
4	We had the opportunity to see Wicked; it was fabulous with truly gifted actors and actresses. The buildings interior and exterior  was lovely, reminding me of old classically designed theaters and the friendly and accommodating staff; the bartender was a treat...probably not much older than us and kept referring to us "hey kids".  The only suggestion would be to change out the free standing elevated chairs in the balcony section, they are uncomfortable to sit on for a duration of time.
5	Yes Virginia, there is culture in Las Vegas, and it begins at The Smith Center. Are we the Broadway of the West? Not  a chance, but then again Rome wasn't built in a day, or so they tell me. The Smith Center is part of the revitalization of Downtown Las Vegas. It ushers in a new era of Las Vegas a world class city. The facility itself is wonderful, Art Deco-ish but not the garish showrooms of the strips, (Don't get me wrong I love those too.) i should also mention reasonable ticket prices and a great line up coming to town. This place isn't just for locals, if you are visiting check them out. Live it up you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
5	Went here for my first time to see wicked.  The place is beautiful.  Had a snack and the food was great with reasonable pricing.  We got the cheapest seats and were all the way at the top row.  It is pretty high up there.  We could see the stage fine but not really too much details.  I suggest binoculars if you are up that high.  Also, the stairs to go up there are pretty steep and long, so if you have trouble walking stairs, you probably wont want to sit up there.  But overall the place is great and stunning and I can't wait to see more shows there.
4	I'm a season ticket holder here and have seen 4 shows so far.  The productions are always amazing and the talent is top notch!  It's nice that Las Vegas finally has a venue dedicated to the arts and I look forward to coming here for my monthly musical.  The parking here runs very smooth.  Even though there appears to be constant chaos before shows, the attendants and enforcement get patrons into Reynolds hall and out all in a reasonable amount of time.  I wish this could be said about other venues in Vegas.Inside is amazing.  The art deco design reminds me of Tim Burton's Batman movie and it really sets a tone of class before the show.  The seats have plenty of room and are very comfortable.  Not a bad one in the house.  My seats are near the back of the house and I can still see very well.  Make sure you go before the show starts and don't drink anything because the wait during intermission could make you miss the beginning of the second act.  All in all, this is a very nice place to catch a show.  I have only seen musicals but I think it would be awesome to catch a concert here as well.   The only complaint I have about the Smith Center are the bathrooms.  As far as I can tell, there are only 2 on the orchestra level and during intermissions they get super crowded.  Thank you Smith Center for bringing the art to Las Vegas!
3	Love the place only have one complain that keeps me from giving them 5 stars.If you want to get a drink all of the bars seemed to only have one person working and even though I only had 6 people in front of me it took almost 25 minutes, the service was incredibly slow. Please get faster bartenders!By the way if you want to bring your drink into the theater you'll need the Smith Center Souvenir Cup (it's a big sippy cup) and that's an extra $3 but once you've bought it you can always bring it back and refill it at regular price (not a bad deal!)Other than that the place is great.Valet was fast and organized it took about 10 minutes to get the car and costs $8 (bring cash!).
5	It was AMAZING!! I really enjoyed it, it is a beautiful theatre, just nothing really around it. Lots of opportunity over there for development and growth it looks like. The leads, Glenda and Elphababa were really great.  It was long, I didn't home until 11:00 and I was tired but overall it was so awesome. The costumes, the singing,  the theatrics, overall a lovely night. We grabbed something to eat at Mundo over in the World Market Center, it was good and then walked over to the theater. I definitely recommend going to a show there, I want to see the nutcracker possibly in Dec. Oh it's easy to get in and out of there too, not too much traffic. Overall A+!!
5	Man  I was uber impressed and LOVED the Smith Center. The decor is classy , the seats were comfortable, and the staff was professional. Everything I essentially would want out of a nice theatre. I went with friends to see Wicked. The house was packed but the flow of people andthe check in was a breeze, often when going to events the lines get so back up you're almost prone to claustrophobia but I didn't have this problem here.I was sitting in the last row before you started the balcony seats and the view was great.They lowered the seats in front of you just enough to give anyone behind you an unobstructed view. The only thing that would make me lower my score from 5-4 stars would be two things:1. the parking situation. They had probably one of the slowest valets i'd seen in a while. plus they charge you $8 cash up front to park. Not a huge amount but it was unexpected. If you don't valet expect a short hike. They do have people guarding the street so crossing and moving with the crowd was a breeze but a hike none the less. 2. the drink situation. They charge you for the drinks then hit you with the .. "oh you need a covered container to go into the the theatre with that" the container is an extra $3 . again, not super steep but unexpected. So.. beware, It didn't tarnish my opinion and love for SC but my rose colored glasses are a little less rosy..!!
5	KD Lang and Wicked were great.
5	One word RIDICULOUS...in a good way ;)......I have been waiting for a little class to hit Las Vegas...no offense to the entertainment industry on the strip, but it wasn't cutting it for me.  Watched Wicked here this past weekend and I was impressed by EVERYTHING! Starting with the Smith Center decor, it is classy and elegant in comparison to the flashiness of the strip.  Perhaps it was the venue and the event, but there were no rude and obnoxious people that I noted while walking through the foyer and lobby area.  The flow from entering the venue to finding our seats was effortless.  We had box seats and my only gripe was that not all the box seats had cup holders.  It seemed slightly random where they placed the cup holders....minor flaw that can be overlooked.  Onto the show, the actors and actresses were top notch, including the quality of the singing.  The humor and sarcasm in the show really kept the crowd entertained.  I've been to a few shows in New York and I would say this is definitely of equal caliber.  If they still have tickets....my recommendation hunt them down because you don't want to miss this show.  A tip for people planning to attend events here in the future, the parking lot outside is literally across the street, about a 1 minute walk....valet is $8 and the line to retrieve cars after the show is ridiculous.  So get some exercise and walk, it will probably actually save you time in the long run.  They have a whole series of broadway shows this year....I definitely plan on attending more of them!
5	Beautiful theater, amazing production (Wicked) easy parking and exit. Quick trip to get downtown for post-show drinks. Amazing experience! Get out there Las Vegans!
5	For those who says that Vegas lacks culture, here you go. We now have one of the best theaters in the nation. Yes, I would dare to say that this top notch stage compares to some of the best venues in the  US. I came here to see "Wicked" and was in awe from the moment I parked until the moment I left. Between three parking attendants, they had the flow of traffic down. I wish some of the Strip venues would hire as well. The theater is gorgeous. The motif is jaw dropping. The show was amazing. Now, they have me wanting to buy a season pass.
4	The first and only time I've been to the Smith Center, it was for Wicked (which was AMAZING).  The Smith Center is an extremely classy, high-quality building with gorgeous architecture.  It's clear that the designers went through the works creating this beautiful tribute to the performing arts.  And I love that Las Vegas is actually developing potential for culture.The interior theater is gorgeous, complete with theater boxes and balconies.  Again, the architecture is overwhelming.  Decent views for the most part- we were on the third row in the 3rd box from the right.  We had to practically hang over the rail to see maybe 10% of the show, but the rest of it was good.I appreciated free parking (especially considering the cost of the tickets), but the lots are underdeveloped and a bit of a walk.  If you go, either drink plenty before arriving or be prepared to pay for any and every drink including water.  And if you want to bring the drinks into the interior theater, then be prepared to pay extra for their covered glasses (which I appreciate the theory of though not the cost of).  There aren't even any water fountains.
5	The Smith Center is a beautiful reminder for people who say, " Las Vegas has no culture". I was lucky enough to watch my first Broadway show here . I watched Wicked which runs 8/29-10/7. It was spellbinding especially during the Defying gravity scene!  I've wanted to see this show for a long time so we bought tickets on the ground floor about  8 rows away from the stage. I think if you truly want to see something you should splurge and actually sit someplace you can see. The view was awesome because I wasn't too close where my eyes would be concentrated in one area. I also liked the fact that on every level there was a sufficient amount of bathrooms. There was enough time to go to the bathroom during intermission without being in a huge rush. The aisles to get to your seat on the lower level were also nice and wide so have a lot of room to move. It is best to get there an hour early for free parking and short lines at the souvenir stand. I knew it would be crazy after the show so I just bought my memento's before the show started. I'm glad I did! The venue is gorgeous with it's marble walls and easy elegance. The structure reminds me of buildings you would see in the 1920's. Some of the shows they will be having during their 2012 / 2013 season are: The Addams Family, Anything Goes, Billy Elliot, Shrek the musical, Catch Me If You Can , West Side Story, La Cage, Green Day's American Idiot, and Beauty and the Beast. This would be a nice alternative to the typical dinner and a movie!
3	The Smith Center is a beautiful recreation of something from the 1920's, I would go back for an event just for the center.  However, the play "Wicked" I thought sucked!  90% of the play is singing and when they sing, the words become inaudible!!!
5	The wife and I just saw wicked and it was also our first time at the Smith Center. This review is about the venue and not the show. Although, the show was really good.did anyone else think this place was built in the same era as the Hoover Dam? I thought there were a lot of similarities in it's design. I felt I had gone back in time when they built buildings to last hundreds of years. the whole place is decked out in marble! the layout is a little confusing, but seems to work when everyone is trying to leave after the show.I liked that there were actual places to sit and have a drink or a bite while you waited for the show. The place has an airy open feel. It was comfortable and cool. The multiple levels had space for everyone; even the nose bleeders.We were one of those nosebleeders. the view from our seats (balcony, row g) were pretty good. The railing blocked my wife's view a bit, but she's short and that's typical for her regardless of venue. Other than being far away, I could see the action just fine. The design seems to guarantee a good view from any seat, so just choose according to your budget. But if you are on a budget, but tickets early to lock in the cheap seats. There aren't' that many.Parking was easy. there were even ladies driving golf carts to pick you up and drive you to the front door. Bam I used it. Exiting was just as easy. no car pile ups and plenty of people to direct traffic and keep the flow out flowing!I was really happy to see this place full, on a sunday, for a matinee. Vegas needed something like the Smith Center. I can only imagine it will help the surrounding area, too. Have fun, go, get culture.
5	I've been excited about the Smith Center since I saw the first announcement and concept art, but I was not prepared for how beautiful this place really is.The atmosphere is relaxed and gorgeous.  I'm not sure who the architect is, but it's designed to feel like you're in a vintage theater but there's a definitive amount of modernism too.  We hadn't eaten before the show, so we were directed to a lounge where you can purchase gourmet sandwiches, cheese platters and baked goods themed for the show you are about to see.  The actual performing arts center where the show took place is huge and even though we had orchestra seats, it didn't seem like any seat in the place would be horrible.We saw Wicked here and, I'll be honest, I was nervous that the touring cast would pale in comparison to the original stars (Kristin Chenowith and Idina Menzel), whose original soundtrack I have come to love.  I was wrong, I'd even go so far as to say this touring cast was better and I was moved to tears during the "Defying Gravity" scene.I have already planned the next few shows that I want to see and am so glad to finally have a place like this smack dab in Las Vegas.
4	I am indeed a fan of the Smith Center! It is a welcome addition to the Las Vegas cultural scene(cough - what scene- cough).  It's really beautifully designed and is pretty easy to navigate from parking to seating.  Parking is free in the lot, or they have valet for a fee ($8? maybe?).  The valet doesn't really help you avoid traffic and the lot is very close, so it's not really worth it unless you have difficulty walking.I've seen a couple of shows here, and I will say that it seems like the sound can be hit or miss, perhaps depending on where you sit.  I have been in the balcony both times, and even pretty high up, the view of the stage is good.  The quality of the performances was very high, and I look forward to attend more shows in the coming season.They have a bar for pre-show drinks and snacks, and offer a limited variety of wine, beer, and liquors at high, but not insanely outrageous, prices.  Oh, and for all you boozers out there, they now offer collectible "sippy cups" so for $3 extra you can take your drink into the theatre with you.
2	I have been anticipating attending a show at the Smith Center for some time. I echo the sentiments of other reviewers in the lack of a location to showcase the performing arts in Las Vegas. Wicked seemed like an excellent choice, having seen it at the Gershwin in 2010. During the first ensemble song, I found myself struggling to make out the words. At first I thought it may have been the performers and wondered if the traveling show may have had less talent than the version I had seen. However, during the ensuing solo number, I was shocked to hear the same thing. Then, during the crescendo of that first song, there was a loud, distinct crackling of the speaker on the right side of the stage. This occurred frequently during the show, each time the volume of any voices peaked. Aside from this, the building was magnificent, the parking experience was efficient and the seats were comfortable. I only mention this in passing because of how poor the audio quality was during the performance. I hope this may have been a one time technical issue and have made an inquiry to the Smith Center, but if this is not the case, I will have to avoid attending another show.
4	I've seen 4 shows at the Smith Center including the opening night gala and Wicked... and I can't get enough!  The architecture is absolutely gorgeous, the customer service is top-notch and the acoustics are amazing. There's really not a bad seat in the house in terms of sound quality.For those who say Vegas lacks culture - just see one show here and I guarantee you will think otherwise.
5	Fabulous facility for the Arts. Beautiful building located near downtown and around a cutesy area. The parking is ample without having to pay a fee (as opposed to other Arts Centers that I've been to)They always say there isn't a "bad" seat in the house and there really isn't, however the railing kind of got in the way where we sat on the Balcony level. I had to move around a lot to see the actors.
5	This place is suuper nice... I'm very glad they build such a great facility in Las Vegas. the atmosphere is relaxing, awesome customer service, very clean and they also offer valet service. I was able to go and enjoy Wicked and I loved it!!  If you feel like having some drinks they have two bars in each floor where you can enjoy hard liquor, wine or beer and  if your are feeling hungry during the show you can also enjoy small platters or appetizers in a very nice presentation.  worst thing:  the chairs are not very comfortable.
5	Beautiful theatre, almost like a classic big-city theatre with the red velvet curtains and seats. I watched Wicked here and it was amazing. So thrilled that Vegas opened this! Can't wait to see another production!
5	I had the privilege to watch Wicked's last matinee show here with a couple of friends on October 7th. We were running in a bit late and sped through the parking area to find a good spot. By now, it was only 5 minutes left before the show would start and we had a feeling that we wouldn't get there in time, especially if we were to run in our heels.Thankfully enough, we were greeted by a little express car ride (is there a term for these?) as we came out of the parking doors, hopped on and were zoomed to Reynolds Hall where the show began the moment we sat down. Considering I've been waiting 9 years to watch this show since it debuted in 2003, I was blown away by the production. The hall was packed and there wasn't an empty seat in sight. Sound and singers were pitch perfect. The orchestra didn't miss a single beat, or a note for that matter. Everything went about smoothly and it took me about a week to get over the experience. The smith center is the cultural 'district' we've all been waiting to have here in Vegas and sure as anything, we couldn't be happier that it's got its schedule lined up well with jazz artists and broadway musicals etc. all throughout the year. Don't miss this place, folks!
4	Only been here twice for shows: front orchestra for the incredible Idina Menzel and balcony for Las Vegas Symphonic POPS I, so if you are looking for reviews of dress circle or boxes or any other area of the venue, go elsewhere..Honestly, I waited to attend a show outside of the orchestra to see if there is any legitimacy to the complaints of sound issues. As far as I can tell, at least for the symphonic performance, there is no issue. Maybe people complaining suffer from catastrophic hearing loss or something. Venue: *****Pretty much self explanatory. Majestic architecture dumped in the middle of the desert and surprisingly close to very dilapidated areas of Las Vegas. Inside lobbies are even better. Staff: *****  Ultimately helpful, always in positively cheery moods; remind me of the Orpheum (Memphis) staff and that is the highest compliment I can give out. Very fast parking in; slower exiting since many of the patrons of The Smith Center are very old and not the sharpest in terms of driving ability (probably more dangerous than being surrounded with drunk drivers).Dining/bars: N/AOne thing that is a major weakness is the failure to have a pedestrian bridge to downtown (railroad tracks make it inaccessible). I mean: really? I will update after the bridge goes up (should have been the first thing built) and after going to many more shows. - E
2	Went to Jazz Club nice building but waiter droped off round of drinks and food menu and never came back. The room is ok but not a Jazz Club and when it was over it took us a good half hour to get a cab. Its new I will give it sometime and try again.
5	Before the Smith Center opened, I was a bit skeptical.  I figured the building structure would be pretty spectacular, but I figured that like most of the performances in Vegas, the prices would put it out of reach for me, and it would be more of the same cheesy acts that come to the Strip.  I was wrong.  Well, not about the building.  I LOVE the inside.  It is beautiful.  The art-deco look reminds me of days-gone-by glitz and glamor, while mirroring the feel from the Hoover Dam.  I am content just sitting in the atrium and looking around, or wandering up and down the stairs, and looking over the balcony.Yes, often the shows are still pricey, but still generally not approaching the ridiculousness that I experience for the shows on the Strip.  And, there are often several pricing levels (just like "real" theaters in other major cities).  I've been to three shows at the Smith Center so far, a modern dance, Steve Martin and the Steep Canyon Rangers, and Wicked - so I've experienced a variety of different media.  The sound quality is amazing, and even from the VERY top row I did not feel left out of the action at Wicked.  Even from the back I can still see enough to get swept away in the awe of the dancers, or the story of the show.  We've been waiting for a venue like this in Vegas for years.  Finally we don't have to drive to LA to have a theater, dance, or music night out - classy style.  We get legitimate broadway shows, and dance troops that make me swoon.  Now I need to check their website to see what's playing next...
4	Lack of beverage choices. The plays on the Broadway packet are great, the theater is beautiful but so large that it would be better to avoid the top 2 floors. Tickets for some of the plays can be obtained deeply discounted at some daily sites.
5	Finally there is a world-class performing arts center in Las Vegas. Long overdue. I immediately became a subscriber for the inaugural Broadway Las Vegas series, renewed for the second season, and will continue to renew going forward. Now if we can only get a pro sports team. I can dream, right?Parking is close and a very short walk to the building. On a related note, if you ever want to feel inadequate, take a walk through the parking lot. Luxury cars galore and not a beater to be found. I guess that's to be expected at a place like The Smith Center, but I digress. The building itself is gorgeous. Much nicer than I had imagined. My season tickets are on the main floor (parterre to be exact) and are amazing for the price I pay. Since I've never sat anywhere else, I can't speak for the views or acoustics in the box tier, dress circle, gallery, or balcony.If I had to get picky, the only negative is that The Smith Center doesn't use official Playbills. They print their own generic program. Not a real issue, but it's something worth mentioning that someone hopefully finds useful.
4	I know everyone loves it here but let me tell you why I love the smith center:Easy parking accessGreat views and sound quality from the box seatsReasonable and good food selection in their little food and beverage areaWonderful and friendly volunteersI've seen the color purple and Addams family and both were fantastic! The architecture is awesome and I love all the stone and Art Deco influencesI would love to see more restaurant and cafes in the area as I think it would add to the downtown arts scene. Also I can't wait until they have walking access through to downtown... I think when the new city hall finally opens.If you have not been, it's a must for Las Vegas!
5	saw Wicked there i luv this place :)
5	It's beautiful, fun, and I can't wait to go back again and again! They have so many different performances and very reasonable price packages for shows. Never fear if you lose your ticket. They have a $2 reprint fee per ticket and you'll be on your way. :)
4	Beautiful venue. I watched Wicked there from the absolute very last row and could still see and hear everything. The Smith Center provides one more option to disprove the whole "all there is to do in Vegas is party and gamble" mentality. Just going there will make you feel more refined.
5	Love the place. Have a subcription to the Symphony. Saw Wicked, Memphis, Million Dollar Quartet, Ballet, Israeli Symphony.  Would not sit in the balcony again.Sound was awful, and felt we were falling down.  Parking is fair.  Valet works, only $8.00 + a tip. We like the seats on the side. Yu can move around, not feel confined.
5	I have been to the Smith Center twice so far: first to sing during the opening with the UNLV Choir combined with the other Las Vegas choirs along with the LV Philharmonic; second to watch Wicked. The Smith Center was amazing to see from both ends, from backstage and on stage to watching in the crowd. I didn't have the best seat for Wicked, I was up in the nosebleed area, but the view and sound was still enjoyable. Luckily I snuck around after the show and stepped into one of the "Gold Circle" booths that was stage level and dead center, and the view there is definitely worth its price. Not being cheap next time I see a production there.
3	Along with everyone else I am so thankful that we have the Smith Center. A performing arts center is just what Las Vegas needs to bring more culture to the community. The building is regal, the interiors comfortable and stunning, parking a bit of a walk (self park) but convenient enough!We saw the philharmonic orchestra along with a guest conductor. I have to say we were disappointed. We had box seats left and sat in the front row. The good news was we had the entire box to ourselves, the bad news was it was box E, which is as far back along the side as you can get, before the curve. The view was obstructed and only 1/2 of the stage could be seen without leaning over the rail. Also, the acoustics were very much off, and the music became disjointed with different instruments being significantly louder than others, rather than the intended melding of all. In general, the acoustic level was much too soft, which made it difficult to actually become absorbed in the performance. We are glad we got the tickets as a gift. I am a seating fanatic, and the chairs were pretty uncomfortable they squeezed in on my lovely plump hips and I had to adjust quite often to avoid back pain. Warning for those buying box seat tickets. Our box seated 8 total, the front row had low dining style chairs, while the back row consists of barstools (so that you can see). Please remember to only get front row seats if pulling yourself up onto a high barstool poses difficulty.Overall, ours was not an entirely negative experience, and we will try again another venue and seating location.
4	Beautiful venue for great performances... So it leaves me to wonder... what is this place doing in Vegas?
5	Love the Smith Center.  Saw Wicked and Chris Botti here.  It is an amazing facility with great seats, great ambiance and great service.  The secret is to go to the top floor, grab a drink and step out in the balcony and look at downtown.  Gorgeous.  I love the fact that we, the locals, have a place that would rival the theater's in LA.  The parking is even free.  I highly Highly recommend seeing a show here at on of the local treasures in Las Vegas.  $470Mil well spent!
5	So happy we finally have a Performing Arts Center.  Saw the Joffery Ballet and was impressed with the performance and the venue. Definitely go!
5	One of the best things to happen to our city in many many years! The Smith Center is a cultural masterpiece that will transform the entertainment and allow amazing acts and performers to come to our city. Not only does it host a fantastic Broadway series, but it also is home to the Cabaret Jazz Theater that brings in world class musicians to perform in a very intimate setting.Make the effort to see a performance here at The Smith Center, you will not be disappointed.
5	Wow.The Smith Center is the most impressive and elegant structure in Las Vegas, period. Not one inch of the space was left without attention. From the Symphony Park, sweeping lobby, balcony with view of Downtown, and top floor lounge area, everything is a feat of interior/exterior design. The acoustics inside the Center were excellent, I could hear every vibration of Itzhak Perlman's violin even from the Balcony. Along with the scheduled program, he played the theme from Schindler's List! I remember the soundtrack from '93 as being one of the first CDs I ever had and was floored by the mournful tone he pulled off on his instrument. I never would have dreamed back then that I would audition the piece live, from Perlman, and in Vegas of all places!I can't believe the turnout either; it was pretty full inside despite the fact that the concert was not pops. The staff was extremely friendly, a member even gave us a ride in his cart to our car after the concert. I actually enjoyed myself more here than at the Lincoln Center in Manhattan. There was no trouble parking or getting here, the structure and space are beautiful, the performance was excellent, and service was polite! It was hard to believe I was stepping back into Vegas after the concert.
4	Beautiful and impressive building, inside and out, worth visiting for itself. Main auditorium not ideal for chamber recital - de Silva's piano managed to fill the hall but from first row of dress circle Perlman's musicality & virtuosity was often drowned out. Big shame.
5	I saw Circus OZ with some friends last night and had a great time. The show was very interactive with the audience. You could go as a couple or a family and enjoy it the same. Hard to decide between who was my favorite. The guy with the mullet or Fantasia Fitness. Highly recommend it!
4	Every time I drive by the North Premium Outlet Shopping Center, I always see signs pointing me towards the direction of The Smith Center. I always thought that big World Market Center building was it and wondered when I would be able to check it out. Turns out its a very nice modern building just beyond that. From my first impression, it seemed like the whole building is made from some of the finest material you can find. From the stairs to the bathrooms, it seemed like everything was made out of marble.So we got tickets to Circus Oz. These guys are based out of Australia and the best way I can describe their act is like a miniature version of the Cirque Du Soleil show Mystere.The way the theater is made up, you can pretty much see the stage without any obstructions with the stadium seating design. In fact, the theater is so spacious, that if you are in the back close to the top, the stage just might look a little small to you and if you are nearsighted, binoculars might be needed.Based on my viewing experience, I can imagine all the top broadway musicals making their way here one time or another. The ambiance, sound quality, and lighting can make any production look and sound outstanding.Since the building is constructed of marble and other dense materials, this prevents you from getting any cell phone signal whatsoever. The good news is that there is free wifi and surprisingly it has a pretty good bandwith considering all the people that will probably be using it.The only negative thing I think is that when you are going to sit in the upper sections, the stairways are a bit steep and the guard rails that are in front of the first row seats are pretty low. So keep your kids close so they wont accidently trip or stumble and fall over the rail.Overall, me and the family had a great experience watching the show. I would love to come back and take them again for other shows as well. I just have to be aware of my surroundings if we are seated in the upper sections towards the front.
5	Vegas has a real theater!  Wait, there's more...it is also one of the best in the nation!  Wait, there's more...they are also bringing in quality acts! Wait, there's more...ticket prices are not out-of-this-world insane!Everyone should come down to Reynolds Hall...even to see a show or event that you are remotely interested in.  The Smith Center is beautiful and waiting for you to experience it!Great acoustics in Reynolds Hall!Parking flows in and out with ease!  The Balconies are impressive highly functional!Like Melanie C. says, "The art-deco-marble-everywhere stylings of the Smith Center are simply amazing.  The building reeks of permanence and solidity..."  I love that!...and it's nice to have in Vegas!So get to it already...and while your at it, bring your kids and get them kids some culture!  Or bring you nieces and nephews...or just offer some neigborhood kids some candy...that worked in the 80's right?
5	Just hit up the Jazz Cabaret at Smith Center with friends to see Stanley Jordan and Kevin Eubanks and all I can say is WOW!  This place was amazing.  So intimate, perfect (and I do mean perfect) acoustics, fantastic drinks, great lighting, comfortable chairs, excellent service:  A night to remember.  We will return for shows here because it was an EXPERIENCE.  What a fabulous place, I give it my highest recommendation!
5	Beautiful place for plays concert ect
4	I was so excited when the Smith Center finally opened up in Vegas. Having a theater scene was one of the main things I missed about living in Los Angeles, so it was great to finally have more entertainment options in town aside from impersonators and cirque shows. The building is really cool and the parking situation is quite efficient and practical. I was impressed. The actual theater isn't huge, but it suffices and I'm looking forward to becoming a regular here for musicals and other performances.
4	Our Las Vegas family has been singing the praises of The Smith Center since its doors opened. Finally a place to be entertained in Vegas that doesn't involve a casino and cirque shows. The style is very art deco New York, and reminds me of a much swankier (and much larger) Gershwin Theater. Clearly they didn't skimp on design and it shows. We've seen a few broadway musicals, and although the musicals are by no means the best performances I've seen, the Smith Center certainly makes for a lovely night out. The cabaret next door is fairly forgetable. They try to make it an intimate musical experience, but the cabaret vibe is sorely lacking. The space is just too new and sterile. Maybe in a few years it'll become a bit worn down. A little tip: Avoid the valet. They charge you and it takes eons to get your car. The FREE parking lot is right next to valet and they even have little golf carts to shuttle you around if you're truly feeling lazy. Overall a fantastic addition to Vegas nightlife.
4	As a Broadway season ticket holder and after attending 3 of the shows, it's time to do a review !The art deco style of the building is incredible.  Frankly, I'm not in tune with the arts but dang, this place has me constantly staring at the details of the architecture and general features.Since i missed out on buying tickets for Season 1 ( not even sure what was season 1 )  I didn't quite get what i wanted for seats.  Still, i look at it as a long term investment and am hopeful for season three ( shows which include  Book of Mormon ) I can get an upgrade ( and i'm trying to get two more seats ... fingers crossed ) Easy entrance /  parking ( the last two shows we've opted for the valet .)My only minor dings: 2 elevators / side would've been nice  (personally, i like walking the stairs )Not sure if it's a production issue but the sound of the shows has been inconsistent - I loved Wicked ( felt the overall production was equal and in some instances better than when i saw it on Broadway ) but thought the volume was a little low,  They definitely needed to turn up the volume on West Side Story.  It miight be because i'm up in the nosebleed seats but that shouldn't matter pic from the nosebleeds included
1	I spent $230 on tickets for a Shen yun show  because the flier and reviews were outstanding. Immediately upon arrival no warmth from valet ::shrug:: move on to the entrance the staff was the coldest shock to me I became so uncomfortable I became confused ! and then the show comes on and everything makes sense. To make a short story shorter I had to leave within about 15 minutes. Those dancers are extremely talented and the lifeless smith center with its stage floor that sticks out like a sore thumb absolutely did not help.  And if your going to steal my money don't call it classic 5000 years of Chinese history in one show and have a digital background that the dancers started to rely on way too much. Granted its about the majesty of the circular dance but I DID not buy into it. I take nothing away from the performers Needs way better direction everything else took away the beauty in the moves for me... Too bad. I was really looking foward to a great show
5	Enjoyed Shen yun Chinese performing arts, Reynolds hall is very nice facility.
5	Love the Smith Center- We are so lucky to finally have some culture in Vegas. I have been here a few times and every time has been great. The shows and concerts are amazing, Valet is great, even you if you self park- it is really close to the building.We are lucky to have so many shows coming through.
5	Been to The Smith Center For The Performing Arts a few times already and have seen shows  mainly over at Boman Pavillion. This was our first time here in Reynolds Hall. Reynolds Hall is stunning! Very classy interior. It stretches 5 stories.  It is the larger venue that seats 2k+. Seating for floor faces the stage, parterre boxes and levels on up are in a horseshoe formation. When you book a show online you can pick from available seats and check to see how your view will look by hovering over the camera icon.  It's pretty accurate. My one minor complaint is seating space is tight and it felt cramped in. Especially if you have floor seats.  Saving grace was that the seats in the Parterre box seats we had are not attached and can be easily shifted.  The view we had from "W" section is great, you just have to adjust and slightly slant your seat to face the stage. Acoustics and sound system are fantastic! Sound resonates throughout theater crystal clear.  Things to Know:Parking: Pretty easy. They have staff directing traffic in and out of Smith Center.  Self park or Valet $8 upfront. Wait time our car to pick up later was 10 minutes. The guys were hustlin out there! Fifth floor has a lobby where you can sit chill and have drinks or step outside and check out the view of Symphony Park and view of Vegas casinos. No picture taking allowed inside theater. (Yes I broke that rule..shhhh...but only before the show and no flash pix.)  No food allowed in Reynolds Hall ..Drinks ..yes..BUT ONLY if you get the covered sippie type cups. Cost is six bucks. A cool souvenir if you are into that stuff or reuse and bring it back again, you'll only get charged $3 for drinks. Staff is awesome! Everyone has always been helpful with any questions we had.For concert we came to see the legendary Burt Bacharach! (Yeah he's still alive!)  I've been a fan of this brilliant composer since the late sixties. He contributed songs and is pretty much responsible for the careers of Dusty Springfield, Dionne, The Carpenters and my favorite Broadway musical Promises Promises.  Most of you may be familiar with his songs from the Austin Power movies though. The concert performance was absolutely superb. The vocalists that tour with him did great.  He commented on how he really love the acoustics of Reynolds Hall and even the piano they provided him to use. We all got to participate sing along at the end of the show. So fun! I need to do another Burt Bacharach karaoke night! So looking forward to seeing the Broadway musicals here in the upcoming months!
5	I can describe this magnificent place, its physical attributes, or its uniqueness as a Las Vegas locale, but that would diminish its charm and appeal on you, the theater-goers. Who would want to do that to such a place as the Smith Center? So instead, I will describe how I feel upon walking into the Smith Center for a night with Ira Glass as he talks about re-inventing the radio.Have you ever watched films like The Great Gatsby or Camille and felt dazzled by the glitz, the glamour, the extravagance, the energy of the incredibly exclusive parties, the anticipation and excitement of the partygoers as they eat, dance and mingle with one another? This was how I felt the moment I walked through the thick glass doors of the Smith Center. I felt as though I was transported into a different era! The lobby welcomed me with a vast and expansive space where marble glistens by light illuminated from the exquisite chandeliers hanging from the tall ceiling. Oh, and the grand staircase, how beautiful it was as the steps curve upward into the ceiling, revealing multiple levels of the theater. Entering the main atrium, I discovered rows and rows of comfy seats in a smart layout, in that each seat is slightly off to the center of the seat in front, allowing the audience to watch the stage without having the person in front of them blocking the entire view. I'm surprised this layout isn't more widely adopted by public theaters! As I sat down and the show began, my eyes feasted upon the stage in front of me and at the beautifully hanging drapery layers of the walls and the ceiling. It was a great show delivered by Ira Glass. But above all, the Smith Center is a great great place that each Las Vegas resident needs to experience at least once.
5	What a wonderful addition to the city for locals to enjoy. I've been a season ticket holder for the Broadway Series since they opened and I've been to a few concerts. I absolutely love everything about this place. The design is awesome. The acoustics are very good and it brings a little culture to a city in the desert that visitors describe as having no culture. This will be our little local secret. :-)
5	I have been to the Smith Center several times and each time I have gone I have  thoroughly enjoyed myself. I have seen Sweet Honey in the Rock, Alvin Ailey Dance Theater, Richard Smallwood and others. This is a world class venue and I wish that more people would respect the Smith Center for what it is. This is OUR KENNEDY CENTER and when people where jeans to the Smith Center that is unacceptable. The Smith Center is not a jean type of venue. This is a classy place and we need to keep it classy and Vegas we need to stay classy. If and when you have the opportunity to attend the Smith Center you will not be disappointed.
5	You have to love this place. It is the only one we have dang it! But regardless of that it is still a very awesome establishment.Parking can be a hassle- you never know what they will want you to do. There are three ways to get in, and sometimes they let you in one way, or the other. You just never know. But there is a lot of space to park so if you get there early you can get a relatively close spot. There are several places where they hold shows, but they are all in the same spot so it is not hard to find them.I will say I do not like the very top levels of seating. I have vertigo problems and since the angle is really just a straight line up I always feel like I am about to fall over. Not fun. But other than that I really like the main theater.The people can be a pain. You either get people who come to these shows to actually watch, or people who come and talk. Some people just have no culture.
4	I had the pleasure of singing with the Las Vegas Philharmonic in Reynolds Hall. But I prefer the Cabaret Jazz venue-sit upstairs though.
5	I went to Las Vegas in August 2012 for opening night of Wicked, and everything about my experience blew me away!  From the parking lot attendants to the bar staff to the ushers, it was just amazing.  Plus, the place is stunning.  Polished marble floors, sweeping and winding stairs, plush velvet, it was posh.  I felt I got a great value, too, because I had purchased a ticket to the opening night of Wicked for only $15.  Wow!  If I lived in Las Vegas, I would go to every show this place puts on.  They are a class act!  And affordable to those of us who don't have a ton of cash.  Highly recommended!
3	I finally got to check out the Smith Center and boy was I impressed. The Reynolds Hall is gorgeous and for the price you can't go wrong. I bought tickets to the long awaited American Idiot musical, and really the only downside to the night were the rude drunk people behind me that would not shut up. I understand this is Vegas, and I would understand encountering these type of people at a show on the Strip, but I thought this would be a classier venue. I don't agree with them selling booze in the lobby and being able to take it inside. It really takes away from the class that I thought the Smith Center was. On top of that, I spent $10 for two bottles of water. That's ridiculous. As for the drunk people, the Smith Center needs to beef up the ushers to make sure people aren't being rude.
4	My mom has regular season tickets for the musicals at Smith Center and I joined her this time to see American Idiot, the Green Day musical.  The Smith Center is a beautiful building which reminds of an old school skyscraper like the Empire State Building or what you see in Superman movies.  Lots of shiny stuff.  The main theater Reynolds Hall) is nice, comfy seats, easy to get to, 3 levels of balcony.  Lots of stalls in the women's bathroom which is always a good thing.  Parking is a bit annoying.  We went into the lot where handicap parking is.  Its easy to get in but a pain to get out.  Only one exit with multiple lanes of cars squeezing into the one exit.  Not well planned.  My mom says all of the parking lots were not well designed.  They have a parking garage that is only used by staff which makes no sense.  I don't think there is enough staff to fill a 4 story parking garage!  Guests should be able to park there too.  I definitely will be back here for some other musicals.
5	We celebrated Father's Day with an afternoon at the Smith Center's Reynolds Hall and saw American Idiot. The show was incredible but since this review is for the Smith Center I'll focus my thoughts there. Growing up in New York City and seeing shows on Broadway since a small child, I am beyond thrilled that the Smith Center has finally made it's way to Las Vegas. It truly is a beautiful cultural center that takes you out of the casino's and allows you to enjoy true theater at it's best. The staff were all wonderful and seemed to truly enjoy their jobs. Of course, traffic was a pain after the show, but parking was easy and convenient which is a huge plus! I can't wait to see what else Smith Center has in store for the Valley! I look forward to coming back and exploring the art exhibits and outdoor areas! THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU for this fantastic venue and experience!
4	The Center itself is beautiful inside. The staff was very friendly and helpful with our questions, and the seating inside Rynolds Hall offered a good seat no matter where you were located. I had a great view, and the sound didn't echo which is a plus. Everything was clean, seats were comfortable and not 'too close' to those seated next to you. They offer such a variety in shows too; I'd love to pay the Smith Center another visit soon.
5	Beautiful and multifaceted facility. They even have a Jazz Cabaret theater. Wow, sorry to have missed that. Just means a return trip is needed.  Hint, hint a showing of, "Cabaret" please. I saw a show at the Reynolds Hall facility. Wonderful. The grounds are also very lovely. The staff is amazing! On several levels I can say this. I had all types of adventures the  evening I visited, to say the least. From road closures, to my non scanning ticket, to an  injury in the parking lot afterwards that I witnessed and helped with.  Everyone was absolutely amazing! The traffic directors, ( there are lots of them) To Ruben the House Manager,  to the ticket box office workers who helped me to get a new ticket, to the security patrol woman on the bike that helped after the show, you all sure do know your stuff. You certainly were challenged the evening of June 23 for sure and came through just as brilliantly as the cast of the show. Thank you for keeping me safe and immersed in Fine Art's experiences. Bravo/a!PS- the only thing you might want to improve upon is when an internet ticket does not scan. The person with the scanner gun should not bark at you, telling you that your ticket is no good. The box office worker explained that it happens a lot. You might want to fix that. Good thing I was not running late.
5	My wife and I enjoy seeing the philharmonic at the Smith Center.  Just walking into the building makes you think you are at a great theater in Europe.  I enjoy the ambiance and the philharmonic and theater series they have.  We see a performance at the Smith Center 6-10 times a year; I wish we had more time to see more.
4	The atmosphere at the Smith Center is incomparable atmosphere and acoustics to any other live performance venue in town. Many people who visit on a Friday or Saturday evening will be dressed up in suit or dress. I don't think Vegas will ever enforce a dress code and people who show up in casual jeans and a tshirt detract from the ambiance. There are multiple floors and at least 2 bars on every floor to get cocktails and refreshments. Even if your tickets are on the first floor, the Mezzanine (second floor) waiting area is nice and open and often sports shorter lines for the bars and snackbar plus has access to the outdoor balcony facing Downtown Las Vegas. **But, beware the Smith Center isn't just there to look pretty. When purchasing drinks they automatically upsell you the souvenier $3 reusable plastic cup. Which, if you bring it back your drinks are $3 (Because when you think theatre, you think "I need to pack my reusable cup", right?). Then they will also suggest a double. Just have an idea of what you want so you don't come away from the bar with a $20 drink. They also have regular solo cups which they have let me bring in to Reynolds Hall without issue.
5	WOW.. What a venue for us rock and rollers. I had the pleasure of seeing Jethro Tull there on July 5th. The seats are comfortably laid out, the place was immaculate and they even put lids on every drink people buy so they don't make too much of a mess in their inebriated state as they bump into you. Bad news for the nature lovers was you can't partake inside. The good news was I smelled that aroma on more then one person so I guess they had a plan B.  The people working there really had their act together as well. The parking guys got everyone into a spot in a timely manner, easy to find your seat with ushers everywhere waiting to help you if needed, drinks were flying out of the bar kiosks and good music was playing as we waited for that old sod Ian Anderson to start the show.  Great place, Great employees and it was a heck of a concert for a 65 year old guy still rockin after all these years. What else can all of us aging Baby Boomers hope for ? The BEST !!
4	so glad vegas finally has a cultural spot bringing in quality performances.  Being from NY I much prefer broadway than cirque shows.  Having been to a few broadway shows here before the smiths center makes you appreciate this place more, the shows are actually how they are meant to be and not cut short! The place is beautiful with good seats no matter where you sit. the lobby is nicely done and easy to navigate.  The way you can pick your seats online is convenient with a seating chart that allows you to see your view from the seats you have chosen.  Both theaters in the building are beautiful just be careful in the balcony as its steep up there!  The people who work here are quite friendly and helpful with everything to finding your seats to finding a bathroom.  The only reason not 5 stars as the tickets are the same price, if not more expensive than NY.  There are shows I would love to see that I haven't since I left NY but with no locals discounts (as i wouldn't imagine this place would do as it always sells out) its not worth it.  And if you don't have season tickets its even harder then to get an orchestra seat.  With a good season 1 complete, guess I will just save up and be ready for Book of Mormon as the only one I haven't seen for season 2! Glad for the culture downtown as the smith center also changed the area it is in with bringing better places around it, like the new childrens museum next door.
5	Very nice to see Las Vegas adding a place like this! You can watch a musical in full length! We had the opportunity to watch Les Miserables on opening night! Unless you are season ticket holder, or you purchase your tickets from a ticket broker? You will most likely have seats in the balcony! Listen, it's not that bad! We had a great time, The Smith Center is gorgeous, great access to parking or valet. Yes, you do have those snobish idiots! Yes those people who has lots of money and thinks they own everything! And you have a lot of those in Vegas! I actually go into with one when he was angry that The Smith Center does not offer Capt. Morgan Rum!! I told him to get a life!! Any way we had a great time, great show, and will plan to come back! You should see their 2013-2014 schedule! It's loaded!
4	Let me start out by saying that this place is beautiful.  A great addition to Las Vegas.  I went to see Les Mis on Wednesday night.  To start, access into and out of the Center was the easiest, by far, of any place I have ever gone.  Parking and traffic moved with ease.  Once inside, which is beautiful I had to ask directions for my seat which I found with lilttle effort after being given directions.  The stage, and the props were first rate.  I had a balcony seat and wish I would have brought binoculars to see.  I did not buy the ticket, as if I would have bought the ticket I would have paid the extra money to get a much better seat.  The Orchestra did a fabulous job.  I have only one complaint:  I could not understand the words to the songs.  I have seen Les Mis at least 3 times and I also have the soundtrack, so I should have been able to understand the words.  Someone else told me that they also had this problem on another occasion to the Smith Center.  They blamed the sound man, which made sense.  I will try this place again and hope that I do not experience the same thing.  It sort of spoiled a very good evening, which for the most part was a great experience.
5	Amazing venue. Variety of performers. No bad seats. Been many times and never disappointed. Loved the Fourth of July concert with orchestra and Kristen Hertzenberg.
5	I support establishments that bring culture to this city. I'm thankful we have a place to watch great shows and Broadway musicals without having to leave town. It's located near the Outlet Mall and World Market Center. Parking (garage or surface lot) isn't too difficult if you get there early or do valet. They also have golf carts that can take you from the parking lot to Reynolds Hall.I've seen several shows here and the most recent ones are "Wicked", "Beauty and the Beast" and "Les Miserables". I'm on their mailing list so I get notifications for pre-sale tickets to shows which is nice and I sure take advantage of this as some shows get sold out quick.There are five seating sections inside Reynolds Hall: balcony, gallery, dress circle, box tier and orchestra (main floor). I personally prefer either orchestra closest to the stage or box tier. Box tier has more room and drink service. Bubbly is not bad at $12/bottle. There's also a small room before you get to your seat with a mirror, programs, menu and an outlet so you can charge your phone (this is important to me as I like to keep my phone charged at all times). There is no phone reception which is a good thing to avoid interruptions. There is free wifi though. Good acoustics.There is a bar so you can get alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks before the show. Queues aren't chaotic. The staff members know how to keep it organized and not chaotic to keep the flow of people as smooth as possible.
5	Vegas can finally say it has it's own real theater that is not connected to a casino. Truly the Smith Center is an amazing venue. I was in band all throughout middle school and high school and the performing arts such as the Las Vegas Philharmonic and Ballet Company did not have any other venue to use other than Ham Hall, but now they proudly perform at the Smith Center. Not to be cliche or anything, but words can't begin to describe how remarkable this place is. The thought and detail put into it is very much appreciated. As others described in other reviews, you can picture this building being used on the set of the Great Gatsby. Very metropolis-ic like almost matching that of the Hoover Dam and you will find overlapping similarities between the two. I particularly enjoyed the balcony overlooking the downtown lights, at the moment I walked out and saw the beautiful view it certainly did make me proud to call Las Vegas my home. This is a perfect spot to get some fresh air during the intermission. With the Smith Center; traveling shows such as musicals will be performing here as well, something they didn't do before because there was no venue for it. My friend gave me two tickets to Billy Elliot and thought it was just an "okay" show, but I know others loved it. Unfortunately our seats were at the very top and we had a better view of the characters hair rather than their faces, oh well I can't complain since the tickets were free. I can't wait to watch more musicals to come at the Smith Center, I will definitely be back next year for Book of Mormon.
5	Been coming here quite often during the last couple years as a Broadway season subscriber. This building and grounds itself are beautiful, both inside and out. The first time I came here, I was impressed at what they had built for a performing arts center in Vegas. I never expected something as nice as the Smith Center! This is easily one of the nicest venues in the US...that I've been to at least! The theater features stadium seating so that it is easy to see the stage from any seat without major obstructions. I would recommend the Gallery, located on the 4th floor, because it seems like the best value. The balcony is the most affordable, but there are handrails in front of every row that make it harder to see if you're not tall. Also, the balcony is pretty high up and can sometimes make you sick depending on the type of show you're seeing (happened to me once). The lobby of each floor typically have bars so you can grab your favorite top shelf drink. They don't have a full bar, but have all the popular brands (Grey Choose, 1800, etc) for $8 each. If you buy a theater cup, you can bring your drinks inside the theater.The parking isn't bad here and I've always gotten a spot no problem even when running late. The lot is pretty large and spans from the theater towards City Pkwy. There are only 2 exits from the parking lot (City Pkwy and Symphony Park Ave), however, so if you park in the middle you may have a hard time getting out. They also have valet, but I am not sure how much they charge since I've never used it.
4	Great place! I gave four stars though because if you want to subscribe to the broadway series, the only way to get good seats is to already have had them the previous year. The only choices we had for being new subscribers was second to last row. And just a warning, those steps up to the top are steep!
5	The grounds and Reynolds Hall are absolutely beautiful. The Art Deco decor in the lobbies - grand, 5th floor and mezzanine - are all stunning. The acoustics in the theater are world class and you indeed can hear a pin drop.The Nevada Ballet Theater and the Las Vegas Philharmonic both make Smith Center their home. The Broadway Series is commendable something for everyone.  I highly recommend attending a free walking tour of the center and grounds.  They are offered at 10:30 on Wednesdays and Saturdays and you will need to go online to reserve your slot and print your free ticket.  Speaking of tickets the performances at the Smith Center are more than affordable with tickets started at $24.95. Do check out their web site: www.thesmithcenter.com and enjoy this lovely venue.
5	I have seriously not been coming here enough. Having watched only my second Broadway show couple weeks ago with my mom and seated up at the balcony, we are bent on getting better seats for the 2014 Broadway series. Facing the Reynolds hall is a large patch of tranquil grassland with a contemporary wall of art that's perfect for a breather. We grabbed some food at Golden nugget and went straight for the grass area to have a quick picnic before the show started. By 7pm, people were flocking to the lobby to get themselves seated. Out of excitement, we decided to check out how each level looked like, underestimating how many stairways we actually had to go through before reaching the balcony level. In heels too. We had front row balcony seats that have a nice view of the stage but binoculars would be a great plus if eyesight is poor. Acoustics were well balanced and every part of the show was well coordinated. There was not a single glitch and everybody looked like they had an amazing time. I know I did.
5	We love The Smith Center! This is a beautiful venue with great shows and staff! We are excited to be playing The Smith Center's Cabaret Jazz in February! What a wonderful way to support the arts!
5	Cabaret Jazz is an intimate room with marvelous acoustics, provided the sound mixer is on the job.  Last night, the Lon Bronson All-Star Band performed with guest artists Bella Strings.  20 musician on stage with an audience of about 120.  Wall-to-wall sound without requiring ear plugs.  Great balance and equalization so it was neither too 'toppie' or 'bottom heavy'.  Great room.  Great performance.  I'll be back.
3	The Broadway Series of musicals is fantastic! As I had been there before, I honestly thought there want a bad seat in the house. I was wrong. Left gallery was actually above the speakers, make the words to Evita almost inaudible. The production was great and I enjoyed the performance, but would highly recommend being no less than 2-3 floors up, if you can help it.
1	We went to evita and we are season ticket holders. The smith center was piping in a scent to cover the haze that smelled like a funeral with cheap perfume.  Every few minutes this was piped in which was disgusting .  We left of course.   How embarrassing to have to leave because of the smell of the show.  That's about it!
4	The Smith Center is a beautiful venue for Broadway musicals and  concerts . I saw Evita there on 30  Nov. the only tickets I could get were in the balcony . The balcony in the Smith Center is way at the top which is five floors above the stage . Stairs to the seats are steep and there are hand rails in the aisles . If you have a  fear of heights or vertigo  ,this is definitely not for you . Walking down with the crowd on those stairs can be disconcerting and a lady from the UK started having a panic attack. The sound was superb and the building itself a work of Art  and Evita was superb.
5	The Smith Center is such an amazing gift to all Las Vegans!!! Just saw a piano concert by Danny Wright... What a gifted, prodigy Danny is. We are so blessed to have him as part of our Las Vegas Entertainment community.  He has 2 more concerts at the Smith Center this year.  Right after Valentines Day and another concert close to Mother's Day.  Come out and see Danny. You will be so glad you did. He began to play by ear at 4 years old. He has studied with Masters and honed his skill. We met Danny after a concert several years ago and we never miss seeing him. So beautiful!The Nutcracker is at the Smith Center this December too... Hope you get out and enjoy this beautiful cultural center!!! Carpe Diem.
5	According to William Shatner, this is "the nicest theatre" he's ever performed in. Forgive the ending as a preposition. Zappos used this venue as its quarterly All 1400 employees fit nicely inside the plush seats and the large stage accommodates all speakers and guests. For any traveling Broadway shows, this is definitely the place to go in Vegas. From the Book of Mormon to Wicked, they get it all. The inside is beyond gorgeous and there isn't a bad seat in the house. I have yet to have a bad experience. Who needs the strip when you can get some culture in Downtown Vegas!
4	My mom: "Ugh, there is no culture in this town." Me: "Well what have you been doing today?" My mom: "I went to the outlets."Me: "You did that yesterday. And the day before that too." Sometimes it's hard for people to imagine Las Vegas as anything other than slots, buffets, and booze, so when I saw Mamma Mia was coming to the Smith Center, I snagged a pair of tickets for the two of us so we could experience some cultura en vivo. The venue is gorgeous, and not just the interior, where there are several levels of seating in a U-shape towards the stage. The entire campus sits by Symphony Park, where sculptures line the walkways leading up to the entrance. While mi madre and I didn't have the luxury of season tickets, we were able to score seats high up on the balcony on the side, meaning I was literally sticking my neck out for ABBA to see the whole stage. My only major gripe is that because of the volume of season ticket holders, there aren't a lot of ushers around to assist with seating because most people know exactly where they're headed: the same seats they had for the show before, and the show before that. This meant Mama K and I were left to fend for ourselves to find our spots.Us: "Hi, we are looking for the C-Gallery." Them: "Oh, you are in the Mezzanine Gallery. Please go down these stairs, turn right, go down the hallway, do five jumping jacks, and look for the secret entrance on your left." Us: "Oh, okay. Thank you!"Them: "Not at all, enjoy the show!"
4	I was very impressed by the customer service at the Smith Center. When I went with a friend, we had mistakenly purchased and printed out tickets for the wrong date.  The manager was very helpful and quickly fixed our tickets for us, though the tickets weren't as great of seats but I figured that was fair enough as we were still In the same general area. For drinks, you can bring your purchased beverage into the theater if you buy the souvenir cup. Added perk, if you bring the cup back to use on your next visit, you get three dollars off your drink!Plentiful parking but if you valet, I do have to mention that highly impressed by the work ethic of valets.  I saw one sprinting full force across the parking lot to get someone's car.
4	Took my boyfriend to see TAO here. It was a one night performance.Thinking doors opened at 6.30 pm (as was stated on the ticket), we arrived promptly at that time only to wait around in the lobby until about 7.10 pm when the doors to the theater actually opened. I felt very badly for the handicap people who had planned the same as myself about the arrival time. I will arrive closer to the actual show time on my next visit.The staff here was courteous and professional. The theater itself is gorgeous, well maintained, and very clean - let's hope it stays that way! From what I could see, there wasn't a bad seat in the house. We were on the lower level in the very last row and had no problems viewing or hearing the show. The seats were comfortable as well!I'm saddened to hear that so many people had bad experiences with the audience. Our audience was very well behaved and relatively quite. I would suggest to anyone that gets annoyed easily by audience neighbors: get a back row seat. That way, there is no additional noise behind you. There was one row of very noisy people across from us. The woman in front of us actually made a comment to the usher, who said something to them once, but then ignored their unnecessary banter for the rest of the performance. I would urge the management to do a better job of enforcing the audience to not be distracting with talking/comments/etc.I love the bar service here. They serve your drinks in "adult sippy cups." If you managed to spill your drink while getting to your seats, you are probably an idiot. These cups were so great. I can't say how many times I've been to an opera or ballet and people are spilling drinks while getting to their seats with open cups. The price of drinks was a little extra for these, but completely worth it and you get a nice little souvenir. We absolutely loved this show. I was sad it was only on for one night. The performers were amazing. Sound quality was great. Stage sets were beautiful. Can't wait to come here again!
1	SAD SEASON SUBSCRIBERI am sorry to say that this place seriously lacks customer service.  I am still unable to exchange my tickets despite this being a purported benefit of being a season subscriber.  Although they were happy to put me in the cheapest seats with no refund on the price difference, they asked me to pay to sit in seats above my price range because, of course, my price range is not available.  This seems like a simple thing that can be done to please your current subscribers.  I am quite certain they will be selling my exchanged tickets for more than what I paid.  In addition, the crowd consistently eats during performances with nothing done by ushers.  It is seriously worse than a movie theater.  Finally, they sent out the renewal information for the 2014/2015 Broadway Las Vegas series with no seating chart with prices.  It appears that my subscription prices have tripled this season and no one wants to admit it.   I have been asking for a seating chart with prices so I can make an educated decision for my renewal to no avail.  It is unconscionable that they are asking us to renew without giving us the necessary information.  One can only surmise that this was a conscious omission.   It seems like they just don't care about pleasing their current subscribers.  Unfortunately, they will continue to lose subscribers if they do not improve their customer service.
5	Saw sister act from balcony seats. Loved the play. Seats could of been a bit more comfortable view was good. First time at this venue, experienced the founders room for appetizers and cocktails. Nice art deco style made me feel like I was placed in the times. Almost a titanic feel.
1	SAD SEASON SUBSCRIBER TAKE 2DO NOT buy full price tickets to The Tempest - they are being offered for almost half price on Goldstar and The Smith Center will not refund you the difference or upgrade you even if you are a season subscriber.Here is their INANE RESPONSE from Facebook:  Hello Kathryn Quinn, thank you for your feedback. The Smith Center looks for new audiences to experience our productions and Goldstar is just one way we accomplish this. However, we do reserve the exclusive privilege to guarantee not only the section, but also the seats that our guests choose and purchase as soon as they go on sale. Again, thank you for your feedback and we look forward to seeing you at the show.
5	Kudos' to Teller and Aaron for bringing a great rendition of Shakespeare's The Tempest to Las Vegas.The large tent in Symphony Park is a perfect setting. The tents high ceiling accommodates the tall stage and the 2 tier seating arrangement. We were seated in the elevated section which provides an excellent view. The floor seating is flat, slightly below stage level and obstructs viewing if you have a tall person in front of you.I am not an avid Shakespeare fan; however the creative magic really brings this story together. This review is for the 2nd night of previews and the cast was right on point.Don't miss seeing the Tempest at the Smith Center.
1	On the mezzanine there is a self serve dining area. There are about 10 tables with a counter to pickup a prepared meal (mostly sandwiches, some sushi, one with humus and pita). Also a choice of beverages (soda, water, coffee) and desserts (cookies and pastry). Sounds perfect for a fast pre-show snack. WRONG! My wife chose a sandwich of pastrami on "pretzel bread." The reason pretzel bread is in quotes is because, while it was supposed to be pretzel bread, and in fact looked like pretzel bread, it was a tasteless dough product that served to carry the meat but was certainly not like any pretzel bread I've tasted in the past. But that made it better than the bread product that my "turkey" sandwich was served on. It was supposed to be on a croissant. What is was turned out to be a soggy bread product with no flavor and barely potable. The pastrami and turkey, each each a very small portion, were flavorless. For dessert, I bought an over sized chocolate chip cookie. The bottom was burnt making it not edible. They did take it back and I was able to get a pastry which turned out to be OK.The Culinary Arts Catering dining area is very convenient. If you are going to a concert or a show, you would be far better served going to one of the many eating establishments in Downtown Las Vegas, about 2 miles away, and coming to the Smith center from there.
4	We saw a matinee of the Tempest at the Smith Center. It was our first visit to this venue. I can't give a review of the auditorium because the play was held in an outdoor tent. Everything was well organized. They had parking attendants to show you where to go and plenty of staff to answer questions and direct you to the venue, restrooms, refreshments, etc. The production was good. The scenery, costumes and the fact that it was held in a tent reminded me of a vaudevillian acting troop. They even had sawdust on the floor. The performances overall were strong with the exception of the actress who plays Miranda. We thought that her approach was a bit broad and her facial expressions were too over the top and prolonged. I understand that it is Shakespeare but the whole production was trying to take a fresh approach on the material and her portrayal took me out of the moment. Two stand outs were the actors who played Ariel and Prospero. The musicians added to the moodiness and the main vocalist had great range. One cool twist to this is that it is produced and co-written by Teller (of Pen and Teller).  So they were able to expertly blend Magic into the story and dialogue.  You will get your fair share of levitation and slight of hand tricksOne side note, we sat so close that we could see several actors spitting out their heartfelt speeches. I guess it's the price you pay for good actors projecting their dialogue!
4	Most of the Broadway series have been great. Today waiting to see Once! Last show Porgy and Bess was disappointing.  I am excited for this one.  The best show yet this year has been War Horse!!! The horse was a huge puppet. After a while you didn't realize and it looked like a real horse!  If you get a chance to see that play do it!
5	Hello, my name is Leo and I'm here to tell you about this awesome great place!Art Deco, style, luxury, glamour and culture! As Dorothy from the wizard of Oz would say " toto, I have a feeling we're not in Vegas anymore." This is by far the best thing that ever happened in vegas and unlike anything else this is definitely here to stay. The design and attention to detail is incredible, so much to see and admire that 5 minutes before the show started the price of my ticket had already been justified and there was still a show to come! Seating is a little tight, I was seating in the gallery section so I'm not sure if seating comfort improves in lower areas or just the view. the theater is designed to have a good view from every seat  as it only seats about 2000 no seat is really too far away.This was my first time here, I came to see the Book Of Mormon and I'm already  a new convert  I will be coming to the Smith Center religiously  and will spread the word of how it can change your life and make you a better person.  The Book of Mormon.....fuc yeah! Be back for more ....and all... that...Jazz!
4	I've been to a couple of performances here, and can happily say that the facilities are exceptional.  I have been astounded at the quality of the acoustic and audio capabilities in here on a number of occasions. I once left a pair of keys here on accident, and realized it when I had walked down stairs after the performance.  I headed back up to see if I could find them, but they were gone.  I approached the staff and asked if they hand found my keys.  Fortunately, they had picked them up off the floor where I had been sitting immediately after everyone had left their seats. I love the employees here, as they are classy and friendly people. My only complaint is the location of this place. It is in the middle of nowhere, and is in a bad neighborhood to be totally honest.  I don't feel very safe walking to and from my car here when I park in the parking garage.  My one tip is this; either park in the lot across from the front door, or walk with the rest of the group coming and going from performances.
4	Went to Smith Center last night for The Book of Mormons.  This was the best show of the series and easily my favorite musical.  It was an outrageously funny adult musical with a ton of pop culture references. Denee Benton who played Nabulungi has the velvety, full voice of an angel and couldn't get enough of Pierce Cassedy as Elder McKinley. hasa diga eebowai.
4	It's been a long overdue thing, to have a center for traveling broadway shows and theater. I came excited to watch Book of Mormon for a friends birthday. We ended up in the upper most balcony and I absolutely hated sitting up there. There are bars so that you don't fall into the row in front of you, and being not tall, it was right in my view so I had to sit forward and look down. It hurt my shoulders and also looking off ledges makes me have a bit of vertigo. I didn't think it was gonna be that high up,but if it wasn't for us going as a group and the others buying their tickets, I wouldn't have sat so high up. My other gripe is for certain areas, the signage on how to get there isn't really clear. Like the elevators to get to the balcony is down the same hallway as something else, but didn't indicate it as such that an elevator was present there. There's not that many ushers so I had to line up in the wrong area to get to the sole ushers by the doors of each section.Still, the show was wonderful and I managed to enjoy myself and glad of its existence. It is a beautiful venue - I liked they kept it classic theater style and went with a art deco architecture. If this was in another city, I would give it 3 stars. Since it's our first center for performing arts, I'll say I'm a fan enough to bump it up. There are so many things in the season I'm looking forward to and that in itself, makes me very happy over my complaints.
3	While The Book of Mormon was hilarious and amazing and The Smith Center building is beautiful, some of the vantage points of view are awful (see picture posted of the view from our seats). While we knew ahead of time that our seats would have an obstructed view, we just don't understand the height of the handrails at the end of the aisles. Why even squeeze seating near them so that you can't see the stage directly?  Why can't the handrail be lowered a foot so that all seats have the same viewing pleasure of the stage?  Now we know where to sit next time we attend a show. For your information, our seats were in the Dress Circle level in row B-seats 201 and 202. I wouldn't recommend buying tickets for the seat next to the aisle in rows A, B, or C of the Dress Circle. We overheard similar complaints about the viewing points from those around us. I hope The Smith Center does something to rectify the situation or at least provide me with an explanation...
1	The smith center is wonderful. The poor part was the attitude of the ladies in will call. Very rude and not polite. Terrible customer service!!!!  They need to work on their customer service for sure.
5	Just saw the "Book of Mormon" here. First, the show is irreverent, funny, shocking, funny, controversial, funny and amazing. Did I say it was funny?  It's hilarious.  Incredible writing, and wonderfully performed. The Smith Center is world class. Gorgeous Art Deco architecture and a lot of attention to detail. The acoustics are great and the theatrical space is wonderful.  The only critique is ingress and egress seemed stressed due to the amount of people and the physical space allotted to the entrances.
5	This was my third time here. This time to see Book of Morman. The show was terrific. The theatre it self is beautiful. All 3 times I was able to see the stage from our seats.The valet parking is easy. Every time I come here I find the experience gets better. Looking forward to seeing another show here. What a great addition to Las Vegas.
5	The Smith Center is a beautifully designed performing arts venue. I visited to see Book of Mormon and I was in love with the art deco design style. The building may be newer but it has the charm of an older historic building. The seating in Reynolds Hall was comfortable and spacious for a theater. Valet parking was easy and (fairly) quick. They do a great job of getting the car back to you at the end of the night considering how many they're dealing with in such a short time. There are some wonderful common areas with seating and a balcony on the 5th floor that overlooks Symphony Park. Some shows just wouldn't be done justice being performed on the Vegas strip. The Smith Center is the perfect place those, and adds quite a bit of culture and class to an area where sometimes, it seems to be lacking.
5	Beautiful venue - plenty of free parking only a short walk away.Not large inside, good vantage point from upper levels.
5	The Smith Center is definitely a beautiful venue. There are three parking options to choose from: the free lot which is just a couple of yards away from Reynolds Hall, the $5 parking lot, or the $10 valet. Staff is also wonderful, and they're very helpful when things get crazy. Every seat does have a wonderful view. Someone recommended to not get the balcony seats, but I digress. Yes, it's really high up there and yes you have to take the elevator (or five flights of stairs - you choose) but you can still see everything. My brother and I had balcony seats for The Book of Mormon, and you can still see everything from high up. Sound quality was great too!I would not recommend eating here though as the finger foodies and drinks are extremely overpriced. $9 for a pretzel sandwich :(
2	I have been to the Smith Center many times. Exquisite venue, with great acoustics. i saw KD Lang there, and the sound was amazing.Sadly i wasted my 4th of July listening to a cacophony at the Smith Center.  i could not understand most of the lyrics or dialog.  i literally could not understand a single word the fat kid said.  I am sure it was a funny show.  The sight gags were great.It was plenty loud, i walked away at the end of the night unable to hear my wife clearly.It was a mixing disaster.  Who ever it was handling the sound should find another career, perhaps in a manufacturing plant where loud noise & unintelligible speech are the norm.I will go back to Smith Center.  I know the sound there can be fantastic.  But this show left me feeling like I tossed 200 bucks in the trash.
4	Don't valet park! Not worth 10 dollars! We waited so long for our car all of the other lots were empty!  Otherwise a lovely evening.
3	Watched Book of Mormon and that show was hilarious.But unfortunately this review isn't for the show but for the venue and let me say that i was very disappointed. Let me start out by saying that the exterior and interior of the building looks amazing. It has that great gatsby kind of vibe and the place is very very clean. The actual experience on another hand was the disappointing part. I found the seats to be very uncomfortable and the leg space was awful and i'm only 5'9! I also was one of the people that ended up with horrible seats. Level 3, right by the aisle. At the bottom of the steps, they have safety bars that stood up high. So during the whole entire i show, i had 3 bars in my view. I constantly had to shift my head around to see what was going on. When you build this nice new fancy building, you'd think they would have design this better.  Almost everyone at the top side, who sat by a rail had some pretty crappy seats.  These seats shouldn't even be available. They should removed or at the very least-warn the customer about the lack of view. I'm sure 90% of everyone else in the audience had no issues.. but for the 10% by the aisles... we weren't so lucky. tsk tsk.
5	The Smith Center for the Performing Arts is truly one of my favorite piece of architecture in this desert valley. The building takes bit and pieces from the art deco era motifs (Hoover Dam, Bullock Whillshire and the Nebraska State Capitol). I absolutely love, LOVE, LOVE the building itself. Modern elements and vintage design. Vegas has never had any performing arts theater. Therefore, traveling broadway shows kinda never happened. UNLV has a theater but it's not adequate enough for these broadway shows. Strip casinos has the theaters but they would have to be permanent at least for couple months or years. Been here a couple times for a couple shows. Acoustics are amazing. Well, I've only been to the Reynolds Hall. But still amazing. The outdoor park is a very nice area for picnics or just hanging out (of course, it has to be during the non Vegas heat season, LOL).The bottom line, is that the Smith Center is a true gem of this city.
4	Beautiful venue that is almost perfect. I've now been to two shows... John Legend and Book of Mormon and while I loved both shows, the venue provides some limitations. I had heard from friends that certain areas lacked visual or audio quality and it was like you had to choose which you prefer. I had great seats for both shows... John Legend in the first level left side partierre (?) and Book of Mormon in the right side orchestra. The box for John Legend had these free standing high top chairs that were cool because you could turn or move them but got incredible uncomfortable as the show went on. Additionally, I had nowhere to put drinks and if you get the wrong person in front of you it can be quite difficult to see the show. Sound quality in these seats was excellent though!The orchestra for Book of Mormon provided fantastic visual experience but poor sound quality. I found it tough to understand what the performers were saying at some points and many of the lyrics to the songs were hard to understand so I felt like I missed out on a lot of the show.The bars could use some work... service is a bit slow and they are very small. Why not have a cool lounge or something with a full bar? They have the space for it.All in all though, the Smith Center offers a fantastic experience and is a beautiful building. The staff both indoors and out are top notch and they do an amazing job of controlling the crowd leaving the venue. Look forward to heading back for more shows in the future.
1	I've been to a couple of performances there & I like the venue very much. My MAJOR problem with them is the nickel & diming with the addition of 4 fees by the time the order for 2 tickets is completed.Example: 2 tickets to Forever Tango at $20.40 eachNow I thought that was a pretty good deal - a little over $40 for a good show, right? Well there was a $7.50 fee for each ticket ($15.00). Then there was a $4.00 order fee, and finally when I wanted to print out the tickets using MY computer, MY printer, My paper and MY toner they even charged me for that! Another $1.00. The order eventually came to $61.40, $30.70 per ticket, NOT $20.40. That's an EXTRA 50+% in fees.So maybe that's not such a bad deal either, but It's the DISHONESTY of their advertised  price that really pisses me off. Charge what you need to charge UP FRONT !
5	So.... your saying if I spend and extra couple of bucks on a reusable cup I can take my drink into the theatre with me?Seriously?But no, Really.Yes, yes yes a thousand times YES!  Give me that fancy cup so I can enjoy book of mormon with a cocktail in hand!Why doesn't EVERY theatre do this!!Also, Book of Mormon was hilarious and awesome, see it.
5	The best venue in Las Vegas for theater.  Had nose bleed tickets but I could still see and hear the show as if I was front row.  Emaculate facilites.  Restroom and bar on every floor ensures that you can get back in time for the second act.  Bartender made a great vodka and cranberry.  The building itself is beautiful with plenty of sights to see before and after the show.  Parking was close and well funneled.  Was able to leave immeadiately, without a huge line of cards waiting to get out.  Cant wait to go back for Wicked!
4	THE REAL DOWNTOWN GRAND   The Smith Center is the real Downtown Grand. It is the heart of downtowns' 61 acre Symphony Park and the soul of Las Vegas' performing arts. It hosts first-run shows, Broadway plays, concerts, the Las Vegas Philharmonic,  and the Nevada Ballet. The Smith Center mission statement says it best, "To build and establish a high-quality performing arts center that is embraced by the community and recognized as a vital force by supporting artistic excellence, education, and inspiration for all." With its theater the Smith Center is a Broadway of the West. A couple Saturdays previous we spent a night on Broadway watching the highly acclaimed "Book of Mormon."   Regardless that railroad tracks separate the Smith Center from Downtown, the automobile is the only way to reach it. We arrived here early, so finding a parking space in the nicely designed parking garage was a breeze. For whatever reason, they waived the parking fee.   Reynold's Hall is the focal point of the Smith Center. We arrived here before the doors opened. Being the real Downtown Grand, waiting was part of the show. Reynold's Hall is contiguous to the 2-acre Donald Reynolds Symphony Park. The centerpiece of the park is the "Fanfare for the Common Man" sculpture.  Smith Center is also a showpiece for the visual arts.  When they opened the doors, we entered the palace of the performing arts when we stepped foot into the Grand Lobby. Here it is red rock and not gold that is elegance. As we walked up the stairs we set eyes on a winged sculpture called "Genius in Flight."  Before watching "The Book of Mormon" we enjoyed a couple of refreshments in the Mezzanine Lounge. This is a go-to lounge for drinks and a small bite before the show. The seats are comfortable. I'd leave the seat with my souvenir cup of Gray Goose to take in the grand view of downtown Las Vegas from the balcony. I could picture Oscar Goodman standing here drinking a martini toasting the prosperity of what became of the 61 acres.  The Reynold's Theater is a work of art. Even though we had nice seats, I cannot see a bad seat in the house. The theater lives up to the saying that quality is better than quantity. Seating 2,050 people, it is not very large. The design incorporates a large number of balcony seats. My eyes would sporadically look up to the light fixture. This is a ceiling design inspired by the Metropolitan Opera. The acoustics are also fantastic. The major flaw was that the rows of seats are too close. When I left to use the restroom or visit the Mezzanine Lounge in intermission, I was left to make the people in my row stand up so that I could squeeze by them.   After the show ended, we waited for the crowds to die down before leaving the parking garage. The Don Reynold's Symphony Park is a nice spot to hang out and discuss dinner. The nice thing is that this is Vegas where a restaurant is bound to be open late at night. As motorists left the Smith Center, traffic cops directed traffic. As we waited for the traffic to die down, it dawned on me that I wasn't in a hurry to leave the real Downtown Grand.
5	I'm lucky enough to be a season ticket holder to the Broadway Series at The Smith Center for Performing Arts! Over the last few year, I've been able to see a wide variety of wonderful shows that are very high quality productions! One of my recent favorites was "Once" and also "The Book of Mormon". Bravo!One of my all time favorite performances so far at The Smith Center was the Trocadero (spelling?) ballet. What an great show filled with unexpected comedy and precise talent!Also, Teller co-produced a great remake of The Tempest which had it's world premier at the Smith Center. I'm so glad I was able to attend, because it was worth it! Great acting, wonderful music, and a great magical twist on a classic story! Hopefully it comes back to Vegas in the near future!
5	I have always been a Broadway fanatic and used to attend touring company shows at the local theatre in South Carolina, before we moved to Las Vegas. Friday night was our first show (Ghost: The Musical)  at The Smith Center. I must say this venue is not only a great place to see a show, but a work of art in it self. The decor makes you feel like you have stepped into the lap of luxury for the evening. Every detail is amazing. I cannot imagine a seat in the house is bad. We sat on the Dress Circle (Mezzanine/First Balcony) and have our seats for Kinky Boots in the same area. For Wicked we will be sitting in a Parterre (Orchestra/Floor) box. During intermission, I walked and looked at the ceiling of the theater which has a pretty awesome design to it. It is a really classy place to see a show and I feel blessed to have a venue like the Smith Center in Vegas to see amazing Broadway shows.
4	This is a beautiful theatre, and I'm trying the broadway series for the first time.  My only complaint is that you can't always see the full show well from the upper & lower balcony seats.  Maybe next year I'll spring for some closer seats.  :)
5	Such a beautiful place! It's something Las Vegas can really be proud. I went there to I see wicked when it came to Vegas. I was knocked on my butt impressed! Before the show we got some sandwiches that were amazing! Entering the the theater it's self was awesome. We were sitting up top, and still the view was amazing, and the screens that were put up was also amazing, it almost felt like a movie. The smith center is a treasure that las vegans can really be proud of!
5	What can I say , it's a beautiful building and a wonderful and welcome addition to our city!! It's design seems to take into the " Vegas " type of patron , as they have a smokers balcony ( with a beautiful view of downtown ) and the concession areas have fully stocked bars , my only complaint is that for the shows that have intermission , they seem to put the slowest people working those areas !! But the seats are comfortable and each time I've had different seats in different parts of the theater and all were great !!
5	Vegas was in dire need of the Smith Center. The broadway shows and musical stylings showcased in the Cabaret Theater make for a matinee or evening out to enjoy the arts.
5	Yet again we got season tickets for the 2014/2015 Broadway series!  I LOVE this place, but you have to enjoy plays to really appreciate it  So far we have seen "Ghost" and "Kinky Boots," and can't wait for the rest of the season.  Parking is SUPER easy!!  But get there early if you want to be close.  But the entire parking lot is close enough to walk, no problems.  The Building is beautiful!  The view from the upstairs balcony is an amazing view of the "old" downtown Las Vegas.  It's a very classy place, that is able to bring some much needed culture to Las Vegas.  Can't wait to see what's in store for the remaining season.
5	The smiths center is a gem in downtown Las Vegas. My girlfriend and I attended "wicked" and needless to say we enjoyed it very much. However the facility itself is a beautiful piece of architecture! The grounds and park around the area are clean and scenic. The place itself is nicely done! Very classy! Their is plenty seating but not once did I feel it to be overcrowded. The staff are very friendly. The sound and stage are amazing with a great view of the action from anywhere you sit. I will definitely be back again to catch more shoes in the future!
5	The family and I saw Wicked here on opening night.1.  This building is beautiful, inside and out.2.  Parking is free, and it was easy to get in and out.3.  We sat balcony first row.  There's a high rail that you have to either slouch or tilt your head around to see the stage.  It's annoying, but I understand the need as it's a long way to your death if you fall when trying to get to your seat.4.  Seats were comfortable and plenty of room for normal-sized people.  Think stadium seating at a movie theater.5.  The sound, lights were awesome.  No problems hearing anything from the cheap seats.6.  The bar during intermission was rather slow.  $3 for a bottle of water, which isn't bad, but the folks buying soda had to purchase an additional mug to carry it back to the theater.7.  Wicked was AWESOME btw!
5	We went to see Kinky Boots the Musical which is a huge hit on Broadway and It was on National tour in Las Vegas at the Smith Center and we had a blast! The show was amazing and so funny! I hope it comes to the UK soon! The Smith Center is absolutely stunning, I loved the art deco style of the place. We sat in the Parterre seats at the back of the Orchestra and had a wonderful view of all the theatre and the stage, the sound was pitch perfect as well! There was a full standing ovation at the end of the show! We Loved it!
5	Gorgeous venue and I love having this touch of culture in Vegas. We finally bought season passes for the Broadway series and love going to each one. We have sat in multiple locations in Reynolds Hall last season and most every vantage point is a good seat. Glad we have our set seats now. We look forward to each performance that we have the opportunity to see. There is $10 valet parking or you can self park right across the street for $5.
5	My first visit to this beautiful spot. The parking was convenient & a very short walk to the front doors. The building itself is spotless & the Art Deco decor is stunning. The grounds are beautiful with art everywhere & it was a perfect evening with a cool breeze. I was there to see Wicked & absolutely loved it. The seating is plush and lucky enough to score the front row. My friend & I had a fantastic time & we couldn't stop talking about how beautiful the building was. I cannot wait to go back to see my next show.
3	Gorgeous building, convenient parking, and they give back to the local community!Came here for a performance and then again for a work-related training: in addition to the regular performance hall, there are other buildings with smaller rooms for more intimate musical performances as well as meeting space.I really appreciate how the parking garage is right next to the museum, which is right around the corner from the performance hall. Signage and maps are everywhere, and the staff I found nearby were friendly and helpful when I couldn't figure out which entrance to use due to construction.
5	Thank you Smith Center!  I've lived in Vegas for over 30 years and this is exactly what we've needed.  We are known around the world for our excellent entertainment and I love the shows on the Strip.  That being said, as a local, I was feeling our lack of culture and a more classic and classy locale to enjoy it.The property is beautiful and well set up.  I've seen plays and performances near the front row and from the nosebleeds, there isn't a bad seat in the house.  I love going and seeing everyone make an effort, dress up a little and enjoy a wonderful evening.  Can't wait for my next show!
5	We haven seen a number of shows in both Reynolds Hall and more intimate Cabaret Jazz.  The buildings and grounds are beautiful and represent a cultural gem for the city  and its residents.  We invariably see at least one show each trip and have never been disappointed.  On our most recent visit we saw the Wizard of Song which previously played off Broadway for 1.5 years and starred local George Bugati.
4	Great venue to see "Wicked". The staff was friendly and helpful.  The bartender on the upper level was quick and fun to talk with.  The seats were just okay but what you would expect for the last row!
5	I was very impressed with this wonderful facility.There truly isn't a bad seat in the house and the acoustics are excellent.  The staff was courteous and helpful.  The selection of offerings is impressive as well with the Broadway series teamed with musical and dance acts throughout the seasons.I do have a problem with the gouging at the concessions and wish for once, one place would have reasonable fees.  In fact, I would pay an extra 5 dollars per ticket if it meant the markup on the concessions was decreased.  However, I did not downgrade the Smith Center for this since it is like this at every theater I have ever been to including Broadway and Off Broadway so it is expected.Other than that, it was a fabulous experience.
5	Saw Wicked.  Show was just OK, but The Smith Center is pretty amazing.  Art Deco everywhere, and it shows they put a lot of $$ into building this place.  It's located just SW of The Plaza downtown, so very walkable from Fremont St.  The building itself is pretty isolated, with nothing really around it.  Outside is immaculate grounds, very nice.  Inside, very impressive.  Although locating bathrooms was tough, bad signage.  Staff was very pleasant.  And I'd have to agree with some other reviewers, sound is not too good.  We were seated in the dress box side balconies, and could not really hear a lot of the actors on stage, and we were pretty close!
4	I will always love going to The Smith Center. But I do wish that they didn't allow children under the age of 12.  While watching Wicked, we had to listen to an excited little girl yell and talk for 3 hours. We couldn't hear or pay attention to the show b/c we were so very distracted by the girl. Yes, the little girl was excited to be there, I understand. We all were. Come on, it Wicked!!! But that doesn't mean we have to suffer...
5	Always a joy to attend a performance at this venue.  Needless to say a beacon of culture and art in our community.  Its everyone's responsibility (if financially possible) to support the Smith Center.  A great place to introduce your kids to music and art!
5	Was lucky enough to see Wicked last week at the Smith Center.  It's beautiful, easy to get to, nearby free parking, and the show was amazing.  Very impressed and will be going back to see many more productions here!
4	Back when Wicked made its debut in Las Vegas, my mother and I won the lottery tickets for front row orchestra seats. The venue is beautiful, modern, and much needed for the community. Any Broadway or arts fan will appreciate The Smith Center. Sin City finally has live performances that last longer than 90 minutes like on the Strip! Bravo!
5	How anyone can rate this less than 5 stars is beyond me. I've been to several theaters around the US and well as Japan and Europe, and I have to say The Smith Center is one of my favorites. Maybe I'm a little biased because it is in my city that I love so much, but honestly, when I'm here, I don't even feel like I'm in Vegas. I guess it's just unique and that's why I have so much love for it. First thing I love is the convenience, it's located right smack dab in the middle of DTLV, and with the pedestrian bridge connecting the one of the parking garages, it's so easily accessible. I've never had an issue with parking, they have valet available, as well as plenty of self park. No bad seats. I've sat all over the top balcony areas (have yet to grab an orchestra seat), but I truly haven't had a bad seat yet. My friend had season tickets in the dress circle area, I would tag along with her, and her seats were great. The building is beautiful. They did a great job on the architecture. I appreciate how you cannot get internet inside the theater, it annoys me when people forget to turn off their phones.Don't forgot to bring your reusable travel cups, they don't allow outside drinks inside.
4	Nice venue. Much smaller than expected. Nice and safe self parking. Would like to visit outdoor stage next spring. Saw Wicked - loved it!
5	Great venue great acoustics saw performance air tonight fantastic sound. Saw wicked there a couple weeks ago excellent. Not a bad seat in the house I like the size of the venue it is big enough to see a lot of people but not so big you feel lost.
4	My first time to the Smith Center and Reynolds hall. My family and I went to go see Pippin. We had seats all the way on the left balcony. The seats were chosen there due to other friends letting me know how small and cramped it was. Since I am a bigger person I was scared this was going to be an embarrassing issue. So we went for seating without arm rests. It was pretty comfortable but left the desire for better view. I wish they had this option in lower areas. I am so excited to see what other productions will be coming through. My only complaint really is the elevator!!! My god that take a ridiculous amount of time! And it's super full! This was a bad design and important asset to this building. Why it's so slow is beside me. Please bring back Les Miserables!
4	Finally a place to see Broadway Shows!  That is what I initially thought, but it is so much more.  Concerts, dance, children and holiday programs are just a few.  I love The Smith Center.  The building and grounds are beautiful.  There isn't a bad seat in the house.  The acoustics are great, but please people stop opening your damn candy and rustling around.  Ssshh!  It is so annoying!  I always get next to someone who seems to have never been to the theater before.  Thankfully cell service is mostly non existent in the theater.  There is free wifi though so you are not totally disconnected.  For popular shows they offer a ticket lottery.  You arrive 2 1/2 hours early to put your name in, 2 ticket max, $25 each cash only.  Def beats scalper pricing.
4	Showtime at the Smith Center!I have been in the Boman Pavilion for a special event dinner and also Reynolds Hall for a show.  Both have beautiful architecture and design.  It's kept very clean with beautiful lighting.  Employees including ushers and concessions are very pleasant and helpful.  The Boman Pavilion event was catered.  The food provided was excellent.  Everything was fresh and well prepared.  The meat at the carving station was tender and full of flavor! Reynolds Hall is gorgeous.  From the moment you walk in to the beautiful setting in the theatre, you are taken back with elegance.  If you happen to be sitting in the upper sections, there are several flights of stairs to take you up.  You'll definitely get some cardio in before the show. Yes there are elevators but there may be a long wait.  Acoustics are great throughout the theatre.  Seats are just ok as far as comfort.  Ticket prices for events here are reasonable and glad to see a show here vs. the strip.  Can't wait to come back!
5	This review is for the venue, not the performances.First, a review of the jazz club: The venue is fantastic.  If there's any complaint it would it's too new and too nice for a jazz club - no patina of decades of smokey jazz on the surfaces.  The room is large with no crowding of the seating.  Not a bad seat in the room, except for perhaps the second level near the stage where you're next to the speakers.  Beverage service is limited (no free tap water, for example, only bottled).  There's no restaurant on the premises, so the food options are appropriate to that condition (though, only one dessert? You can do better than that).  Bottom line is that anyone living in Vegas is lucky to have this venue.  My one serious complaint would be they could do a better job at booking.  The bookings run more to what you might find in Palms Springs, not at Blue Note in NYC.Second Reynold's Hall: My first visit to this venue for the Philharmonic Christmas (Holiday) Pops performance.  The venue is terrific.  Good sound.  I was in the balcony.  You are up high, very high, 5 stories.  And you're looking down as much as you're out at the stage.  Still, perfectly enjoyable at a bargain price.  This venue is a magnificent gift to the city.  It's worth coming to Vegas to do nothing more than catch a performance here.
3	This place is a gorgeous venue. The architecture inside and out are absolutely stunning.However, I can only give this place three stars because I had issues with the audio. I came here to watch Wicked. Sure, I was at the top (cheapest tickets), and it might have been better at the lower tiers but the audio was terrible. The top level seats are absolutely useless with the terrible sound quality.I'd definitely recommend spending the extra money to sit in a lower tier.
5	I love the architecture of The Smith Center. Being a long time fan of the arts.. it's a dream to not have to see a Broadway production and not go to the Strip. It's is beautiful inside and out! I saw Nutcracker for the first time last year, Wicked, Mary Poppins, Beauty and the Beast. And I can't wait to see more. I've sat in the rafters and I've sat in fairly decent seats. There honestly isn't a bad seat in Reynolds Hall. If you haven't been there you should.
4	What a wonderful addition to Las Vegas and a much needed dose of culture! The Smith Center is gorgeous, the lawns were lit up at night when I went and the modern art sculptures and statues stunned. I went for the opening night of The Nutcracker, and it was a lovely experience! Two bars with a large selection of libations, gift shop in the center with toys and keepsakes for the little ones, and a little red carpet you could take pictures on with a life-size Nutcracker. The seats and rows were new and clean, although quite cramped. I don't know how anyone over 6 ft. would fit in these chairs! Hoping to go back for Ira Glass on Jan. 17th...
5	This is the theaters that Las Vegas has been waiting for years to decades. Unlike the Casinos that limit the length of a show, there are no restrictions here. These are the full length, original productions.  Several performers have visits as well, and their shows are great. There are several theaters, so I have seen three different shows going on at the same time, along with a private party.
5	Got to see a Buddy Guy concert here and it was outstanding. Venue itself is great, there isn't a bad seat in the house. They have a full bar as well as some snacks to get you through the show. Prices are definitely a little higher than you would want to pay, but it's expected after you see the quality of the place. Can't wait to go back and see another show or play here!
4	Really beautiful venue! My daughter and I came to see the Nutcracker near Christmas time and she loved it! I'm really surprised because this is my second time seeing the nutcracker and I almost fell asleep both times. She on the other hand was on the edge of her seat soaking in the 2 hour ballet. Some tips: There is plenty of parking, but depending on how far you want to walk, you will probably have to pay. We ended up parking in the $5 lot right across from the theater which was less than a 5 minute walk. Children have to be at least 4 to attend.No bag check so feel free to bring in your own water because it costs $3 (?) for a bottle of water at the theater.Rules are that you have to speak with a regal English accent when you say "theater", and then add a dahhhling if you're a female (or an awesome male).
2	The staff is composed of 80 year old ladies that are beyond annoying. Place is nice though Service: 1/5Place:5/5
5	Yes! Culture in Sin City. There is nothing not to like about The Smith Center.
