4	Lets see. Reviewing a movie theater feels like reviewing a McDonalds LoL. I'll start with the downside. It smells like an ashtray on the way into the theater because its located within the Aliante Station Casino. BUT inside it smells fine. Its a newer place which is nice. Comfy seats, big theaters, friendly service, good matinee prices and IMAX 3D!
5	This theater is by far one of the best in Las Vegas. It has stadium style seating and chairs that can rock back and forth. The IMAX and 3D are awesome as well. The staff are nice and the theater is very clean.
5	This is the only movie theatre my husband and I go to, or should I say the only movie theatre that we're willing to go to... its close and convenient, and not filled with crazy out of state tourist. Seats are comfy, popcorn is perfect, staff are friendly, and military discounts are offered (its not much, but its better than nothing). Never been to the IMAX theatre in here yet, but planning on it in the near future :)
5	Love it!! it is def our favortie theater to go too,being that it is close to us and they do military plus if you sign up for the regal card  you get free things like popcorn,soda,candy $ off... etc...   I have to say tho i am not a huge fan of the bathrooms... i seem to always run into the mirror cuz i swear it looks like there is another halway to more stalls lol!!! Oh and i must have a thing with noise because they have no music in there and the quite bathroom reminds me of Zombiland where the zombie would come under the stall it was too quiet!! hahaha... :D ( i am just wierd that way i guess)
4	Love this theater...I prefer to drive here over Red Rock so much less crowded. If only LBS and Yardhouse were here as well ;D
4	I love this movie theater! Not only is it close to the house, newer hotel/casino therefore still clean, but it's almost never super busy..ie. OVERCROWDED! The main complaint about this place is the SMOKE! I found a back door that is close to the movie theater and that has helped, but if you park anywhere else you have to walk through tons of smoke no matter when you go here.The theaters are big enough that you almost never have to be crowded...I don't mind sitting in the lower seats and looking up, but my kids hate it! I usually go to movies by myself on my day off and therefore have plenty of seat choices. Being a Regal Crown Club member has generated me a free movie ticket, $2 candy on Mondays, $2 popcorn on Tuesday (if only I could get a day off) and the occasional free popcorn!They only do ACTIVE DUTY military discount, not retired as some other theaters do, but the savings isn't enough to get me to drive further. I also want to agree with Michelle R.'s comment about the bathrooms...the mirrors confuse me also! Need to figure out a way to fix that!
4	Great place to see a movie. All stadium seating, great sound, more than less clean.(why oh why do people leave trash on the floor at the movies?) But the staff keeps it pretty clean. Park in the back and you can walk right in, up the escalator and you're right there at the theatres, no walking through the casino required. Food court right next to the theaters ifn you want. All theatres are pretty good size. Seats have drink holders, are high and lean back. Havnt even caught bedbugs yet . Haha, just kidding - kinda. Have heard of other theatres in town with that problem. My only complaint about anything here is the hand blowers/dryers in the bathrooms. They sound like a jet engine, ridiculous. They really need to be that loud?
4	Great theater! And, it's in the middle of nowhere, so it is rarely packed.If you are in the area, this should be your theater of choice.
4	This is my go-to theater. It's WAY up north, so you don't have to deal with the usual annoying assholes that pollute every other movie theater.It has stadium-seating, an IMAX (overpriced as always), always clean, and is great for movie-hopping (should you choose to engage in such activites).The only thing preventing me from giving this place 5-stars, is the asshole janitor who shooed me away after I was waiting to see the extra after-credits scene in Thor. The guy assured me there was no extra scene for this movie and as I was walking out of the theater....extra scene starts.Bastard...
3	A-OK.First and foremost, I'm a fan of movies in good ol' 2D.  The novelty of 3D wears off like 15 minutes in when I don't notice anymore, and 30 minutes in, I start to develop a headache from it.  IMAX is great for space, ocean, or nature in general documentaries, but totally overkill for a movie -- I find it akin to just sitting in the very first row.  Oh, and I'm a cheapskate that rarely finds the mark-up worth it.All things being equal, it's nice to have options and to have each of those options represented fairly well.  What's not nice at all is when a movie is in its opening week and the 2D version is shown in one of the smaller rooms commonly reserved for movies that have been showing for quite some time already.  Unless they have even smaller ones, in which case, yikes.If it wasn't for that faux pas, I would probably be rating this theater higher.  It offers plenty of showtimes, and a well managed flow of people entering or exiting.  It was clean almost to a fault, as the screen's reflection off the floors detracted occasionally, but I'm willing to take that sacrifice in lieu of the alternative.  The seats were large and comfortable with standard leg room.  Even though I should have for good measure, I didn't use their restrooms, so I can't speak to their cleanliness or design.Even though I'm marking this business as good for kids, as a side note for all the parents out there who take their kids with them: please, if your child is too young to appreciate the movie, just get them a sitter for the night.  If they are able to distract me during a movie, I'm positive you can't be enjoying the experience as much either.  Heaven help you and your children if you just don't care.
5	The staff is very friendly and the seat are comfortable. To my surprise the bathrooms were clean, always a plus. I've been to a lot of theaters and they're restrooms are dirty. One more note my husband and I have a lot of tattoos and pericing so we always get bad service but we felt welcome here and my son just enjoy talking to the staff. We will be back even though we live on other side of town
5	We always go here for movies!  Amazing seats. Great video and sound quality. On time every time.Also, I lost my credit card here once.  They were very helpful on the phone and helped me beyond what I expected. Additionally, someone actually turned my credit card in to the customer service desk there.  I'm still stunned that I lose my credit card in a casino movie theater and actually got it back!
3	Clean, smells like yummy popcorn, shows good movies, costs the normal fortune. Not much to say.
5	This is my most favorite movie viewing venue by far. The casino it's located in is always awesome the theater and area around is always clean. The employees are friendly and helpful and the fact that you can bypass the line and use the ticket kiosks rocks. Love the stadium style seating and the reclining chairs, makes for a much more comfortable and enjoyable experience. IMAX and 3D movies are also great!
5	I'm lucky to have Aliante as my local movie theater.  It's new, the screens are large, the seats are big and comfortable, there's room to stretch your legs, and the bathrooms are (usually) clean.  The best part?  Unless you go on a Friday or Saturday night, the theater is pretty quiet.  There's nothing I like more than having tons of open seats around me while I'm watching a movie and having some snacks.Don't come here because I don't want it crowded.If you choose not to listen to my previous sentence, then make sure you sign up for a Regal card to earn free popcorn and movie tickets.  Also make sure to use the coupons from your Entertainment Book to get discounts on your ticket purchase.
4	First time going to a movie here. The line was extremely long, but that was due to the Labor Day holiday. I chose to purchase my tickets at the kiosk. At first it wouldn't recognize my debit card. Oober frustrating but after a few clicks around the menu, it went through without a problem.Concession line was really long, but the experience I got once at the counter was great. Excellent customer service. Concessions at a movie theater are absolutely outrageous! The prices man! Wow!!! I got the two drink and a big bucket of popcorn deal and it cost me $18.50! That's not a deal at all! But, that's the standard at a movie theater I believe. I guess you're paying for the experience?Overall the theater was pretty neat and organized (I love saying neat and organized...but I'm a neatness and organization freak!) and the staff was very courteous. Seats are extremely comfortable inside the the theater and the arm rests were perfect. Felt like I was lounging in my recliner at home, watching a good rental movie.
4	- Lots of leg room- Comfortable seating- Relatively new- lots of seating- Awesome layout and overall ambience- Great selection of snacks- I love watching movies here!
5	Great movie theater, professional employees, clean auditoriums, popcorn is always fresh and it doesn't seem to get as crowded as other theaters I've been to in the valley. This is usually my theater of choice
3	Theatre is adequate; we have been here about several dozen times or so. Probably close to fifty. Here is the reason(s) for the three star rating: IMAX: Don't call it 'IMAX' if it is not IMAX. It's not IMAX for those wondering. No where close. So the upcharge is for what exactly? It's NOT IMAX! Insulting. The self-serve kiosk:It charges a ATM fee. Are you fucking serious? It charges it without even a disclaimer, notice, note, hint, ANYTHING .... that it is charging you a fucking so-called "ATM fee". Wow. I should rate this business even lower for the fraud, but the theatre is relatively nice and one can auditorium hop quite easily. A bonus CS anecdote:We were in an auditorium one night with about a dozen other patrons. Don't remember what we were watching but it must have been something my girlfriend wanted very much so to watch, so it might have been that remake of that one foreign-language film: Let Me In. Anyway, so the bulb or something blows out during the commercials before even the trailers, or maybe it was during the trailers, who knows/who cares; (a) manager comes in after a while and tells us to hold tight. Some people are whining (I feel like punching them in the face). Later he comes back and informs us that it would be like an hour or two to fix/reset whatever-the-fuck happened and that we would all get passes to another showing at Aliante with no expiration date AND get to go into the picture of our choosing that night. Cool. I was excited (because I am a cheapass). The whiny people started lobbying for more comps ("this is all we get?" *rollseyes*). I felt like punching them in the face even more. We went into something that was in auditorium one that was completely packed with folks because it was release night. It was absolutely horrible (might have been a Nicholas Cage-starring film [Season of the Witch, maybe]). I hope someone at some point of the night punched the whiny folks in the face. - E
4	The theaters are all very nice and still looking brand new. The snack bar has a wide variety of snacks for the little ones. My oldest ordered corn dog bites! The cashier at the snack bar even had it delivered to our theater since they took a while to prepare.
4	Went to this theater a few times when I was in Vegas for the holidays. I'm from NY, so I'm not used to empty movie theaters.  It was quite nice.  I wish we had nice, non-crowded, clean, and totally easy theaters like this in the east coast but we have way too many peeps out here.
4	Great place to take the family!  Very clean and lots of differed t treats to chose from. Very comfortable seats too!
2	Typically, we bring in a bag full of snacks.I am writing this review specifically to discuss the $4.25 Gourmet Pretzel. The first pretzel we received was rock hard. The second was soft, tasteless and wet.I sent a sample to an Amish friend of mine and he was absolutely enraged. While not   familiar with the concept of movie food, Jebadiah was furious when he learned of the lack of quality passed off her as Gourmet. Further, the obscene price of $4.25 could be passed off as a opportunity cost if it were at least decent. We like this theater because it is usually empty and always clean.When there are other guests there, they are typically respectful of each other (i.e., not talking through the movie). This was the first time I ever even got upset while here, SO we'll continue to bring a dipper back filled with chips, soda, fried chicken and yes, even pretzels, that we can bake at home. With a big movie season coming up, I'd hate to be turned off by such a small, easily avoid detail.
5	The best theater in north Las Vegas. Great IMAX, always clean, and decent prices. Always a good time with the family and friends.
4	It's been so long since I watched a movie at this theater.  Not that I don't like watching movies, I do.  I just never get the opportunity.  My daughter who visits about 4 times a year has even been to this theater more times than me.So what have I been missing?-Nice, clean, and spacious movie theater-Not busy, not crowded movie theater-Snack Bar:  Nothing really healthy and regardless how full I am already, I always manage to buy something.  NOTE:  Food is delivered to you if there's a wait-IMAX-Comfortable, clean, and reclining seats-A party room.That's what you get at Aliante's Regal.  That's what I've been missing.  I think it's time to take advantage of this place and watch another movie.  PS: I need to get a Regal Rewards card.
4	Seats are super comfy with IMAX seating as well! Down the street from my house, military discount check! :) Love it and its also located inside the casino! stimulation overload.
4	Nice, clean theaters.  Usually not quite that busy, since it is a locals spot and off the strip.  We picked up some last minute tickets for a newer release, and was still able to find good seats easily.  Since they aren't packed, you have some breathing room and it's not quite as claustrophobic feeling.  I didn't buy any snacks or drinks since we had dinner plans afterwards, but I presume it's the same junk at the overly high prices like everywhere else.I'd check it out if I was on this side of town :)
4	One of the cleaner movie thaters in Las Vegas.  It isn't the newest style of theater with the lazy boy reclining seats, but other than that I don't have any complaints.
4	Nice theater in a nice casino.  Staff overall is okay.
5	It was like going to an old timey picture show..because people were actually nice and engaging. The place was super clean, not too busy and had really great staff. Good job guys!
3	The IMAX here is not the real Experience. The screen and sound are regular theater style. You pay extra for IMAX but enjoy no upgrade from the norm. Other than that, everything else is fine.
4	It was my first time visiting this theatre. The line was long but fast. The seating was comfortable with cup holders which is very convenient. The sound and the picture was very good.
4	This theatre is very nice. I am 6'4 so I like extra leg room when I see a movie. I sat in the middle of the theare about 5 rows up and the leg room was amazing! I didnt even need to put my feet on the back of the chair. The air conditioning was nice it was not too cold. The only real disappointment was the snack bar. They only had 1 employee working behind the counter so the wait was terrible. The manager was exceptional. She saw how long I had to wait to be served and she greeted me with 2 free movie passes for my next visit. Great job Regal for owning the customer experience!! I will be back soon.
4	Movie was great. Theatre was not crowded...seats were comfortable, and my feet didnt stick to the floor.
5	The Aliante Casino in No. Las Vegas is my preferred location for IMAX and 3D Movies.  The theaters, concessions and restrooms are always kept clean.  The size of their IMAX theater makes for a comfortable visit, it is not usually packed and the stadium seats perfectly spaced for enjoyable viewing.  The employees are genuinely nice folks that understand the meaning of customer service.  If you are looking for an entertaining and stress free time head over to the Regal Aliante theater.
4	This theater is nice, clean, and well-maintained. They always have the latest movies. Their "Imax" theater it's very small and not worth the extra cost. The tickets and refreshments can be a bit pricey, but they offer a military discount. Recommend you get the Regal Rewards card to get further discounts.
4	Third favorite movie theater in Las Vegas. First and second being The Cannery & Red Rock. I come here often because it's conveniently located and kid friendly. My kids love the arcade right around the corner. The theaters & bathrooms are always clean, all employees have been kind and helpful. The Regal card is a plus. I'd suggest signing up for one, it's free. You can earn free popcorn, drinks, movie tickets, etc just by presenting your card at the box office when you purchase your tickets. There's a food court just a few yards away. Aren't local casinos great? "One stop shopping" what's not to love? Also I'd recommend birthday parties here as well. I've been to two different movie bday parties, they both turned out great. My kids loved it. First it's cake & refreshments then it's off to grab your seats which they reserve especially for birthday guests. Each child receives a snack pack. Includes, small drink, popcorn, and fruit snack. Such a fun birthday idea.
4	This movie theater should win an award for being clean and quiet! People like watching movies here because it's like an oasis away from the craziness of the casino.Word of advice: Buy tickets online, skip the box office. Dealing with humans is lame. Only kidding. But it does save you time! Seats are not comfortable; I always consider bringing a butt pillow. Like today, watching Noah, my butt was getting numb sitting on that rock of a chair! But I guess that's not really what you're paying for haha! It's a great place to take your kids to see a movie! They also have IMAX 3D, which is fun..you know, when you're willing to spend that kind of money!! This is my go-to theater when I'm too lazy to drive somewhere else. By the way, if you're planning to go to the premiere of an extremely popular movie that ever shows here, arrive 2-3 hours in advance because it gets crazyyyyy!!!
2	This used to be my favorite theater in town.  It is in a great location and the facility is top notch.  As of late they seem to be a bit understaffed at the ticket counter and I noticed they got rid of the automatic machines for purchasing tickets.  Overall I've probably seen 20+ movies at Aliante Stadium 16.The snack bar is huge and they have a great selection of goodies for all tastes.  This is however where their main deficiency lies.  When paying $10 for a bucket of popcorn, I'd like it to taste like it was popped sometime in the last century.  The last 3 times I've visited this theater the popcorn was both stale and cold.  Such a key component of movie going shouldn't be overlooked.  Having fresh popcorn on hand doesn't seem like it would be a challenge, but the Regal Aliante 16 has proven that it is.  As a lover of good movie theater popcorn, I would now rather go to Sante Fe where they seem to have mastered the underestimated art of popping corn.  While it isn't as nice of a casino, they provide a better overall movie experience.
5	This is one of my favorite theater's next to Red Rock and it's conveniently located in my neighborhood.I love the Big Screen's , Imax, and the seating.This the theater where I watched my first I max moive, I really like it.
3	This theater is located inside the Aliante Casino.  The easiest entrance is around the back.  You take the escalators upstairs and the theater is to the right.  *Warning...since it is inside a casino, it stinks like stale cigarette smoke.*   There is a kiosk to the left to purchase tickets, however IMAX and 3D tickets have to be purchased at the counter.Not the nicest theater in the area.  Fairly clean....although my sandals stuck to the floor....kinda gross.  The chairs are super old and not very comfortable.  Kinda disappointing for the price of the tickets.They have a decent selection of concession items.  All the regulars, nothing special.  Was disappointed to find they just offered packets of ketchup, mustard, etc., instead of a nicer condiment station.They usually have a good selection of the newest blockbusters and as mentioned have IMAX and regular 3D.  We had 2 free tickets, which had to be used at Regal, so tried this location.  Have to be honest and say I probably won't be returning since there are plenty of other options in the area.  Overall, decent but no frills.
3	Stopped by here due to free tickets and it's close to home. Probably won't come back because since we have experienced the Cannery theater seats my butt simple craves comfort. Literally...my ass hurt so bad after watching an IMAX movie I wanted to cry! Floors were a little sketchy, and by sketchy I mean sticky. I do have to say the IMAX was the bomb. The glasses were cool and the clarity was redonkulous. The sound in that theater rocked my socks. Concessions were ok. Average rip you off pricing and plenty of selections. They even had buffalo wings. There is a food court nearby for the casino. (FYI smells very smoky in there) Parking was good once I found which side the theater was on! (It's on the very backside.)
3	My wife and I went here for the first time to see a movie.  The theater was very clean and all of the employees were friendly.  The place was pretty empty for a Sat afternoon with a few new releases out.  The problem I have is the price of concessions.  I cannot bring myself to spend about $9 with tax for a tub of popcorn.  A small drink is $5.  I can see why the place wasn't crowded.  I understand they are in business to make money but they are turning people away from the concession stand with the sky high prices.  I think we will wait for movies to come out on Blu Ray for the most part.  The high prices on the concessions are not worth it.
4	I love this theatre. Ticket line: nonexistent. I've had to wait behind one person, once. Can't beat that. Concessions: overpriced as all movie theaters are, BUT their combo specials allow you to not feel totally cheated. Also never a line because they keep the place well staff. Theatres: clean. Comfy. Good sound, good picture. Staff doesn't walk around trolling and disturbing your movie (REALLY hate that at some movie theaters) Bathrooms: clean. Bountiful.5 stars well earned
2	Gah. I'm really torn on the number of stars to give this review.  I think I'm going with 2.5 rounded down. Lets start with the good:Service:  Very polite at the concession stand and at the ticket booth.  Smiles, and great customer service. The theater itself was clean.The bad: Those seats were SO uncomfortable!  Seriously...and I don't even go to the Luxury theater that often, so I know I'm not THAT spoiled.  The bathroom was atrocious.  It was ridiculously cold in there.  This theater and one other, I'm going to have to bring a winter jacket and gloves any time I go there. Not a big fan, but this also is not on my side of town, so the chances of me heading back anyway are slim...
3	Okay so about these 3 stars! I'm kind of upset to give them 3 stars because I love Aliante casino in general but this particular visit was just so so! Came here this past Saturday night to see "No Good Deed" which was a fantastic movie! Bought my tickets on the Fandango app so I wouldn't have to wait in line if there even was one which to my surprise there was nobody! Concession stands are what they are we all know to expect these super inflated prices to pay but the Popcorn we had ordered was a bag of SALT! Jesus if they were gonna try to kill us that night from high blood pressure they would've succeeded! We brought it back and they made us a fresh batch and actually brought it to us.. This time it was so bland, we didn't even bother to go again to retur because we didn't want to miss the movie! The soda was also super flat like it was a complete train wreck at the concession stand for sure.. The theatre was FREEZING so make sure you bring your thermos and down feather jackets lol no but seriously it was cold..
4	I live in a location where Regal Cinemas at Aliante, Galaxy Theaters at the Cannery, and Century Theaters at Santa Fe Station are all easily accessible and roughly the same travel distance from my home. Out of these three movie theaters, Regal Cinemas at Aliante is my favorite. Plus, their Rewards program makes me intensely loyal. It's nice to rack up points towards free popcorn, drinks, and tickets.If you park on the back side of the casino across from the golf course and the Aliante senior community, parking is a breeze. From there, you just coast on up the escalators and the movie theater is to your immediate left. The staff is friendly and the theaters are clean (well, at least most of the time). Downfalls: Long lines and a wait to get inside the theater if you're early like me!
5	Great theater. I've been going here since it opened and the service has always been great. They easily refund if you need to reschedule last minute or if there's an error on their part. One time, there was a 30 minute delay due to projector issues and they gave us all free tickets for inconvenience. The theaters are always clean and spotless. Picture and sound are always top notch. Plus, one of the few IMAX cinemas in town. Please note: This is a digital IMAX (lie-max as some hard core cinema heads call it) and it is not an authentic 70 mm projection with the humongous screen. Although the screen is bigger than standard, it's not 100% IMAX, but still worth the money. Only real 70 mm IMAX left in town is at the Palms. Overall, Regal Aliante is a great theater. Never had any complaints!
5	I come here regularly for movies.  It's always clean.  They have $4 movies on Mondays for seniors and $6 movies for anyone all day Tuesday.  I love my regal rewards card! I earn free popcorn, sodas, and movie tickets with each purchase I make.  The seats in the theater are comfortable and the theater is always clean.  Nothing sticky on the floor when I sit down to enjoy the movie.  I highly recommend this movie theater.
5	I visit here regularly. The theaters are ALWAYS clean. Seats are comfortable, popcorn is good. The people that visit here are good people.
5	Love going there. It is close to where we live and has great movies like Exodus Of God that my husband and I truly enjoyed. Very courteous staff too. Once I had an issue with my ticket the manager was very nice he comped us with two passes instead of one.
1	Long & slow moving lines. Also, they no longer offer boxes to share popcorn...?? I guess just pass the $9 large popcorn back & forth with your kids??
