5	Reyna's is not just a Mexican grocery -- it also carries a lot of products essential to making Caribbean, Latin American, and other such foods.  But in its heart and soul, Reyna's is primarily an excellent Mexican grocery store.  The fresh tortillas are excellent, the prices on the Mexican cheeses are literally a third of what inferior Mexican cheese costs at the supermarket, and the sauces and salsas are almost uniformly delicious.  Plus, if you're hungry, you can usually get a pretty decent snack here.  They have tamales/burritos/tacos/etc., and also dessert-type stuff like conchas.  This place is completely indispensable if you're at all interested in cooking even remotely-authentic-tasting Mexican dishes and you live in Pittsburgh.
4	Awesome tortillas, awesome salsa, pretty good selection of Latin American food products (mostly Mexican, but lots of S./Central American and Caribbean).  I'm spoiled from all the Hispanic grocery stores in Atlanta, but this is the best one I've found in the 'burgh.  Prices are average for the Strip and Pittsburgh, but a little high for a Hispanic grocery store.
2	Their tacos are alright but their groceries are kind of expensive. I've never seen a can of Goya brand beans priced at $1.50. I mean it seems like a little thing, but they couldn't have been more than $.89 a can in San Francisco, where everything else is totally unaffordable.
5	Just discovered their taco stand outside a few weeks ago.  WOOHOO!  Like the stuff on the inside, they charge just a bit too much (street tacos should be $2 max, not their $3/2 for $5), but they're excellent.  They even have lengua (tongue - tasty).  I haven't seen that since Buford Highway in Atlanta.  Probably not the best if you're from San Antonio or San Diego, but the best you'll find within 200 miles.
5	The only place where I can get my taco fix while I'm in Pittsburgh?  Legit.  I always get two lengua tacos.  Lengua is Spanish for delicious, so that's why I always get two lenguas because that's double the awesome (lengua is actually Spanish for tongue, but I find lengua makes for some of the best tacos; super savory and always tender).Take a fresh tortilla, warm it up on the grill, and top it with a pile on the lengua.  Yes, onions, cilantro and a squeeze of a lime wedge would be preferred, but I guess the Pittsburgh market prefers the lettuce tomato with sour cream deal.  The customer is always right.At 2/$5, it's a bit pricier than what I'd expect a taco to cost elsewhere, but in Pittsburgh competing with other food vendors in the Strip, it's priced just right.They also do chicken, pork and beef tacos as well as burritos ($5 as well), but if you're in the mood for awesome, do yourself a favor and get some LENGUAAAA.
5	Best tortillas in Pittsburgh - made in the store! Also a decent taco stand outside.
4	Excellent tacos at the street stand. It's a toss-up between chorizo and chicken tacos being the best. Get them with everything on it.
5	2 for 5. Banging tacos!  I really like the serve yourself taco sauces. Almost Every time I'm in the strip district.
2	I think this should be more like 1.5 stars. I got a 6-pack of tamales. They were more expensive than I would've guessed (I sort of had to, considering they weren't priced). First I open the package and low-and-behold this bag of six tamales, in fact, contains only five! The filling is fine, but the masa blows. It is dry and gritty. The preparation instructions seem questionable (microwave in a plastic bag? Really?). I'm saving the remaining ones for when I'm too drunk to care about anything. The tortillas are still worth it.
3	I browsed the market itself, which was a bit smaller than i expected. i guess that what the market had were the things that one could find practically nowhere else in pittsburgh in order to make some decent authentic mexican/caribbean dishes. frankly, even though i only visited it a week ago, it was definitely not a very memorable store.  drink selections were lacking with little more than the usual jarritos.i tried the taco stand outside next: while they said they offered empanadas, it was sunday afternoon around 1PM and the gentleman said that they had run out.  Frankly they take these ready-made empanadas and microwave them before serving them to the customer, so i don't understand why they coudln't have just gotten some more from the huge mound of empanadas i saw in the store just minutes before. but i was too lazy to ask. also, they microwave the empanadas on styrofoam plates....no comment.the 1 taco for $3/ 2 tacos for $5 was probably the best deal that I could find in pittsburgh for some close to authentic mexican tacos as i coudl find.  They indeed pack your taco with a lot of the fixings, but in doing so, they don't realize that all the juicyness that comes from the meat (especially the lengua) causes the little corn tortilla to rip very easily.  i have not been any other mexican joint that serves these style tacos with only one little corn tortilla: they're always made with two corn tortillas with the presumed purpose of protecting rippage.  one star off for that.  The salsa on the side that was left out that was the perfect consistency of the type of salsa i like (non chunky) was somehow too dry.  this may have been due to lack of freshness.  if only it were fresher, it would have been a nice complement to my tacos. on the upside, they prepare the meat from scratch, putting a little blot of uncooked meat on their grill, while they prepare it in front of your eyes. that was a welcome difference for this joint compared to other taco joints.all in all, compared to the other place in pittsburgh i've tried for tacos (Mexico City), I'd much rather come here.  closer, cheaper, and tastier. mexico city does not do mexican food justice.
4	Never had food from their taco stand (but it looks super delish), but I have been to the grocery store a few times now, and I dig it.One of the major bummers about moving from Chicago to Pittsburgh was the total lack of a significant Latino population.  From Wikipedia: Latinos make up about 25% of the Chi-town population....about 2% of the Pittsburgh population.  Wah wah waaaaaah (sad trombone.  sad mariachi band?)So the lack of authentic Latino ingredients has been a huge bummer.  Where's a girl supposed to get a taco around here?  This is why I was so happy to find Reyna.  In my home kitchen, we tend to cook lots of Asian and Indian food, but when we DO go the Latin America route, we want to do it right.  Homemade style.  So a place with fresh tortillas, Mexican cheeses, bulk dried peppers, Jumex (boyfriend is obsessed with these canned juices/nectars), and other tasty things is a much-needed addition to the Strip, with its diverse culinary offerings.I will always return here for Latin American ingredients - partially because Reyna is great, but also because - where else could you get that around here?  I do wish Reyna was bigger, but I shouldn't complain.
4	I've been to the taco stand now!  Yaaaaaaaaaaay!  On our way out of town for the holidays, we needed a quick snackie and made a stop at Reyna's for taco deliciousness.  We got four - two chicken, chorizo, carrnitas.  YUM.  They were so fun to eat - messy, sitting in our car, hot sauce dripping down our fingers - who doesn't love street food?  Seriously, this is the only place I've laid eyes on in Pittsburgh that appears to sell tacos of this kind.  I kind of want to go back....like, now.OH BUT WAIT.  Stop.  the churros.  On a whim, I ordered some churros real quick, and watched the guy pour the batter into hot oil right before my very eyes.  They floated around, browning and sizzling, then he took them out and put them directly into cinnamon sugar, into a paper plate thing, and then into my hands.  They were the best churros ever.  Love at first bite.  Love just watching them sizzle! I think I want to try empanadas next time if I can tear myself away from the tacos.
5	I have only occasionally bought groceries here, but oh my god, the taco stand outside is AMAZING. Yeah, the guy doesn't wear gloves and he handles money and food with the same glove-less hands, but frankly, who cares? I haven't been adventurous enough to try the lengua, but I really enjoy the chicken, mostly because it doesn't compete with the awesome flavors of the seasoning (never underestimate the power of salt, pepper, and lime juice) and the cilantro and the salsa and the cheese and ahhhhh;lsiuoietkhdfkljhdlkfhlk. I am starving just thinking about it. Go. You won't regret it.
5	Best taco's in the strip. Check out the hot sauce section inside.Every time we are there i have to get a bottle of coca-cola and two steak taco's.
4	I don't live in Pittsburgh, but if I did I would buy food from here all the time. I bought homemade flour tortillas and made fajitas with which to enjoy them. They were fluffy and fat and so delicious. I wish I could buy these tortillas all the time! They had plenty of other specialty foods, so if you need some Mexican goods, this seems like the place. I really would love to try the tacos from the cart out front, too!
4	Even a NYer was telling me to get tacos here, so I did. Pretty good. Loaded more than I'm used to. They make their own tortillas which is respectable. It's fun to watch people order tacos here, this is a real taste of Mexico, and it seemed new to half of them. Pittsburgh is a great town because the vendors aren't afraid to give the people something real - they even have tongue. That chinese food truck across the street though.... it's good, but way Americanized.
5	I ate a taco here in the snow. IN THE SNOW! I've eaten a taco here sweating my bum off. I"ve eaten a taco standing up because there's no tables. This taco stand is so amazing that I'll pretty much eat a taco here during a hurricane....if those happened in western PA! Does this not show my true devotion to these tasty little taco's! Ok, I lied. I like them so much I just do it up big and get a burrito. It's just a magic mixture of rice, cheese, salsa and lots and lots of lime. I'm into the shrimp burrito because i love me some shrimp. But really, any type of meat or a veggie choice is going to be awesome. Plus they are cheap cheap cheap! Do me a favor and stop by this stand while you're out shopping in the strip, you will not regret it. Rain, snow or sunshine!
5	I love the taco stand outside of Reyna's. I've tried all of the tacos that they have to offer and wasn't disappointed with any of them. My favorites are the lengua and chorizo, so when I go I usually get one of each.Their homemade tortillas are also pretty delicious. Warming them up in the oven with a little oil makes them even more delicious. They have a good selection of things in the actual store, including Salsa Lizano, which I had previously thought I'd have to order from somewhere in Latin America. And they have Guava Jelly, which is always absurdly delicious! I would definitely go back here, even in the snow. Too good.
3	If you are looking to open that Mexican cook book and try some recipes you will find everything you need here BUT you will pay for it! This place is extremely price gouging! Some items you can't get anywhere else so I buy here. Cotija cheese ($8.50) a salty crumbly white cheese to top many a Mexican dish, Chorizo ($12.00) sausages that I open and cook as a mixture to add into egg chilequiles, and as a side to hueuvos rancheros. Note the $5 chorizo is not right, it's super greasy when heated up on the stove. It's meant to be dryer, salty, spicy. A great add in homemade adult macaroni and cheese too. Mmmmm.The back of the store aluminum garbage bins contain all the dried chilis you may need for mole or your own saucey concoctions. I especially love the bug candy! I love to give it as gag gifts! So would you like red, blue, or green hard lollys with a special surprise of cricket, worms, or scorpion! Haha. Pinatas adorn the ceilings and you can watch them make the tortillas from scratch. It's such a festive atmosphere that makes me miss my familia south of the border!
5	Not only is Reyna's market great, full of all kinds of dried peppers, cured meats, cheese etc... They have the most amazing taco cart out front. The line was crazy long but totally worth it.Next time I'm in town this is a must stop!
5	Just moved out to Pittsburgh from San Diego and I was so shocked to find they serve Carne Asada here. This shop is a life saver when I want to have some authentic mexican food.
4	It's not really super-convenient for me to go to the strip unless I have a plan and a few things I want.  Coming from Shadyside means I need to get in my car and drive, and I don't really like parking in the strip, and then it's always super-crowded on the weekends, etc. etc. etc.But for a chorizo burrito from that taco stand? I would travel to the ends of the earth for one of those! Reyna Foods is one of those places that makes me really wish that Pittsburgh would have a street food revolution.  Every popular part of town should have food carts.  They're quick, convenient, and delicious.  Reyna is hopefully a trend setter, and definitely a hard act to follow.  The folks who run it are always smiling, and are pretty dedicated to making sure you get your food exactly the way you wanted it.  I personally like my burrito "con todo," except for sour cream.  The hot sauce they put on it? Fantastic.  A burrito from this place is a solid, high-density mass of stomach-filling bliss.Another upshot is it's not like any other burrito you're going to get in town.  It's a great combo of fresh and rich flavors.  There are only two complaints I have, and there's only one REAL complaint I have.  The real complaint is that the line sometimes gets really long, and it takes a while to get served.  The fake complaint is that it weirds me out a little that they toss the burrito in the microwave for a bit at the end (seems like a Sheetz move to me,) but it really don't affect the quality of the food, so who cares?As for the store itself? I don't really have enough experience with it to say much.  But try the taco cart ASAP!
5	This review is for the taco stand outside of the store. EAT. THERE. ASAP. My bf and I were in town for the weekend and were exploring The Strip. We originally planned on eating at Deluca's since we'd read that it was the best brunch spot in Pittsburgh. After seeing the line snaking around the block, I flippantly said, "I'd be fine eating some of those street tacos," and my bf quickly jumped at the opportunity to not have to wait in line for over an hour. Boy oh boy were we happy we changed our plans. We each had one carnitas (pork) taco and one chicken taco. They were succulent and amazing. I loved how the tacos had more toppings than the usual street tacos--cheese, lettuce, tomatoes, and onions. I especially enjoyed the tomatillo salsa as well. If I'm ever in Pittsburgh again, Reyna's will be my first stop.
5	loving me some beef tongue tacos. tasty and refreshing.
5	I'm not going to lie I don't have much experience with street foods. Pittsburgh simply isn't a big city for them (I've heard San Francisco is the best place for Food Trucks). Other then the occasional hot dog vender they are few and far between here. As far as I remember today was my first street food experience and that took place at Reyna's Taco Shack in the Strip District.I've been told for the past three months by Kandace that they had the best tacos in Pittsburgh here. Being a fan of tacos, and Mexican food in general, I had to judge them for myself. The shack is staffed by a single man armed with two skillets and few ingredients. I ordered a chicken taco and a steak taco to mix it up a bit.The Chicken Taco:Kandace might be right. This was easily one of the best tacos I've ever had in my life. Tortillas are something that can easily make or break a taco and these ones were excellent. They were obviously homemade and perfectly cooked. The guy manning the shack briefly grilled them on one skillet then transferred them on top of the filling for awhile. It really added to the overall taste of the taco. The chicken was shredded pretty thin which worried me at first because the chance of it being dry was greatly increased. I couldn't have been more wrong. The chicken was extremely moist and juicy. Perfectly cooked. This guy was a master of his craft. Each taco was topped with a good amount of sour cream, lettuce, tomato, cheese, and cilantro (which was a nice touch). They had three different salsa to choose from but I chose to eat mine plain. I'm glad I did. I could easily eat these tacos 2 or 3 times a week.The Steak Taco:Basically copy and paste everything I just said above about the chicken tacos. I did have one issue with the steak though. It was cut into tiny cubes which made some (not all) pieces pretty chewy. It wasn't as perfect as the chicken but it was pretty close.The Rating:Was it filling?: I had 2 tacos and was pretty full. I could have probably had another 2 but I normally devour tacosDid I feel gross afterwards?: Not reallyWould I go there again?: Yes 100%. I'd like to try a burrito or shrimp tacoWould I order it again?: The chicken yes. I think I'd opt to try something different before I got the steak again
5	After reading the reviews, went to Reyna today to check out the fabled tacos.  The were all that was promised and more.  Everything was super fresh, and the cilantro and lime make it special.  Really a treat.
4	Beans, glorious, beans! So many many beans. Great Northern, Black, Kidney, Pinto, Pink (pink?), etc. etc. and so forth.Ok ok, Reyna's is more than beans. Lots of different types of dried chillies, prepared salsas, chorizos, frozen tamales, different types of soda pop and drinks that you won't find in a regular grocers. I haven't tried the taco stand yet but the coup de grace of the grocers itself though is the fresh tortillas, both corn and flour. Delicious! (And beans).
5	Best tacos in Pittsburgh. I mean I'll gladly love to be one-upped but til that day comes, best tacos in Pittsburgh! Tacos lenguas is always my choice. They have a very plush selection of Mexican groceries too. Oh and I'm a sucker for flash, so of course I love that spinning barrel they have up front with the blow torch roasting peppers. It makes the whole block smell wonderful!
4	Being originally from Arizona, I know a good taco.  The taco stand outside of Reyna's is GOOD.   The carne asada meat was tender, though I usually prefer a little more char. A friend i was with got the beef tongue, a little too eccentric for my taste, but he loved it.  Surprisingly, I really enjoyed the tortilla.  I am usually tuned off by corn tortillas, but theirs are soft, not dry, and don't fall apart as the taco juices seep in. In other words exactly what you need for a good street taco.  The best part is the taco barrista squeezes fresh lime juice on top of the taco as a finishing touch. It really puts it over the top.
5	I haven't been inside the store itself...but the taco stand. Holy shpimoly. My friend and I were wandering around the Strip District and after just eating a huge meal at Vietnam's Pho, we were pretty full. But when we saw someone walking by with a super delicious looking taco, we wanted to try them, and we found this stand. OMG. OMG. I literally foodorgasmed. The tacos were really cheap-- $3 a taco, I think $5 for two? They were freshly made right in front of us, and they were soo flippingly good, me and my friend couldn't talk for a bit after eating them. DEF coming back here!
5	Finally made it to the taco stand on a crisp, sunny December day.YUM!! I had one solitary fish taco as I was running low on cash. But it was worth it. Put on some of their hottest hot sauce (which hit the spot), sat down at one of the tables and waded through the messiness. Consider me converted... I'll be back!
5	Yes, I went and had the tacos. YES, the lengua tacos. YES, I KNOW!!! They were good. Did you also know that you can buy homemade tortilla chips in hella bulk, along with any kind of sauce you can imagine? If you suddenly need plantains for a questionable contribution to a fireside potluck, you can get those here, too. I'm not sure what else you can really ask for in a Mexican food store. Nope, pretty sure they've got it all. Oh, if you buy a plantain that is pitch-black, or you find that your plantains at home have gone pitch-black, simply slice them open, place in oven, bake until warm and tender, then spread with guava paste (available at Reyna Foods). So the man at the counter tells me. True story.
5	I seriously enjoy shopping here. I cook Mexican-inspired meals a lot at home, and their shop carries some of the most authentic stuff for that purpose. Bonus: even though Reyna's is a specialty shop, they're not over-priced for a specialty shop.Some highlights: Their tortillas (corn and flour) are made fresh daily in the shop. Bring your kids; they will enjoy watching the tortillas trolley on the conveyor belt. There is a variety of flavors, too. I enjoy the garlic and herb, AND they are only 80 calories!Also, if you love tortilla chips -- or if you need a large quantity for a party or football game -- get the huge bag of them. You will never go back to Tostitos once you've tried their chips. They are the real deal. And the large bag is a great buy -- you can buy 4 bags of the On The Border Brand at Sam's Club for the same price and still not have as many chips combined as what you get at Reyna's. I got a bag of supermarket chips after having theirs, and the supermarket chips were so bland and tasteless in comparison.Their salsas and guacamoles are fresh and vanish within hours of opening them. Buy more than you think you need. It will disappear.I have yet to try the Taco Shack, but am curious to what they entail. I am sure they are worth it, and I know I will wonder why I waited so long to try them.Also, the family that runs the shop are so nice and friendly! I have gotten in many conversations with them, and they are willing to help in any way they can. And they take pride in the products. That's the most important thing.
4	Good: Mexican groceries in PittsburghBetter: The chipotle tomatillo salsa, homemade by Edgar.Best. The taco stand.  Seriously, if you're here, get a damn taco.
4	Two delicious tacos for $5.  Awesome!  Corn tortillas with your choice of the usual meats but also lengue (tongue).  Fish and shrimp tacos cost a little more.   Don't forget the great sauces -  the green is mild, one of the red sauces is very hot - just look for all the pepper seeds floating in it.They were making enchiladas that looked great.  Go inside and get some of the chips from their chip factory or take some tortillas home for a make it your way, since you can put almost anything delicious you want into a taco.Come eat tacos, Explore the store!
4	Reyna's Food saved my life!!!Ok, not really.  As a recent transplant from Colorado (having been born and raised in New Mexico) I was really homesick for some actual Mexican food, which you can not get at any restaurant out here.  I was so excited when I saw the sign outside that advertised actual Hatch Green Chile (it's chile - not chili, people!).  It was pricey - but that's to be expected.  It was also very tasty.I was impressed by the wide selection of Latino Foods, and while their tortillas aren't what I'm used to, they are quite good.  I'll be going back again and again!
1	Being from LA, I was disappointed with the tacos. The Carne Asada was bland and didn't think this is authentic Mexican food but another street faire.
5	Where to begin, where to begin...More often than not, I find myself staring at my computer screen thinking about how I am going to blast an esablishment. I don't rave about "good" food. I rave about amazing food. The type of food that I have dreams about. The type of food that makes me want to bring about a thousand dollars cash and gorge myself untill I need an ambulance.The taco stand outside of Reyna Foods makes just that kind of food. Too often when we think of Mexican food, we think of a variety samey tasting, samey textured mixtures of ground beef, yellow cheese, beans, and tomatoes stuffed into a processed flour tortilla covered with a plastic sauce (I'm looking at you Emiliano's). Reyna's doesn't just break the mold, they hurl it at the wall, smash the pieces with a bat and then scatter the dust in a blast furnace. The tacos here are aboslutely amazing. Fresh ingredients cooked right there on an old plancha-style grill that has absorbed the flavors of countless meals and stuffed into fresh corn tortillas are a truly enlightening experience. I mean it. The first time I went here was to just grab a quick snack while walking around in the Strip district. I saw they offered tongue as a protein choice and thought to myself "What the hell, in for a dime in for a dollar right?" Best. Choice. Ever. The first bite was like reaching the Seventh Level of Enlightenment. The Buddha said I could ask one question. After careful consideration I asked, "Can I have another taco?" After that I made a vow that I would forever be a loyal raving fan.The tacos are assembled to your liking. I like mine with the works: the perfectly cooked meat on the warm tortilla then covered with queso fresco, tomatoes, lettuce, onion, cilantro, fresh lime juice, and sour cream. The flavors all play well together to strike a classical tune of a Mexican bolero on the pallate. As previously mentioned, I like the tongue. It has a wonderful richness and gameyness to it that I have come to love. My far less adventurous girlfriend stays with the chicken. They have other choices ranging from pork, to steak, to shrimp, to the ever popular ground beef (gotta please everyone I guess).After you order your tacos, try one of the fresh made flavored waters there. The fresh lime water is always my favorite, and is there every day, but they also have hibiscus, watermelon and other flavor selections. My girlfriend got the horchata, a milk based concoction with cinnamon, nutmeg and sugar. Or you could pop inside the Mexican grocery for a Coke hecho en Mexico. My favorite Coke because they use cane sugar, not HFCS.The only downside is that they close right around 3:00 PM.Come to Reyna's. The tacos are amazing. Do I really need to say any more?
5	Have I really not written a review for Reynas yet? Shame on me. BEST. TACOS. IN PITTSBURGH!!! I cannot say enough about this amazing taco stand. It is so delicious, I cannot even express. One of my favorite things is to bring new people there and introduce them to it. I am IN LOVE with the chicken tacos. I can usually house 4 in one sitting, no problem. Not that they aren't filling, but because I cannot stop eating them!! They also have Mexican Coke, so I suggest getting one from the store inside. UGH. I miss working in the Strip and getting to eat them for lunch all the time. Best weekend spot in the summer. Worth the wait if you see a long line. TRUST ME.
5	These are super good tacos, burritos decent too! Tons of lime juice, cheese and fillings. The market can be pricey but they have harder to find items. I go forthe taco stand primarily. Top authentic taco contender in the burgh.
5	I love Mexican food and the only thing I love more than eating Mexican is cooking Mexican! Reyna's has absolutely everything you need to have your own south of the border fiesta! Salsa, mole, hot sauces galore, fresh guacamole, dried chilies, house made frozen goods, kitchen gadgets, candles, spices...oh, I could go on.On my most recent trip I knew I wasn't going to have a lot of time to make dinner from scratch so I grabbed some southwestern vegetarian tamales (made in-house and frozen $8.50/5) guac and some tortilla chips. All I had to do was heat and serve. JB raved about the meal and I almost didn't want to tell him it was premade and all I had to do was heat it up and make it look pretty on the plate, but I have to give credit where credit is due.Renya Foods is fabulous and if you are a lover of Mexican food, you have to drop in. You will not leave empty handed.
4	Try the fish or shrimp tacos. They were amazing! Don't bother having the one with chicken. I thought that was quite bland!
5	AS for the place, it is awesome!!Fresh corn and flour tortillas are to die for, a little pricy, but there is no other choice in Central/WesternPA.The Taco stand outside is awesome, it surely satisfies the cravings for tacos from a Taco truck in California, while being right here in PA.It is in a tourist area, so regular mercado items are way overpriced!Also I would give 4.75 stars, but not an option because it is owned by Americans and they are taking the big profits while the Mexican people doing all the work are probably getting minimum wage or less.
4	I lucked out today.  There actually were outdoor tables free and only a couple of guys in front of me in line.  So, this is my first experience at Reyna's taco stand outside their grocery in the Strip District.  I had 2 pork soft tacos with everything on them for $5.00.  That's a cheap meal and tasted exquisite!  What made then extra scrumptuous was the cilantro.  Oh, I love cilantro on my tacos!
4	This place by name is the Mexican Grocery but the Taco shack right out front is what I am writing about.  I tried both their tongue and pork tacos and they were both solid (I've had my fair share of tacos in Texas and Oklahoma).  The thing that really makes this place though is their fresh watermelon juice!
5	TACO SHACK.HELL. EFFIN. YES.$5 gets you two pork, beef or chicken tacos. $3 a taco for chorizo or fish. They've also always got a special of the day... but all these little taco delights are special. Special and effing delicious. These are the freshest tacos I've ever placed inside my mouth. My tastebuds were singing in delight- or maybe that was just me.
5	Absolutely delish taco stand out front... Fish, lamb, chicken, beef, carnitas! They serve them fresh off the grill with all the fixin's! They have serval fresh salsa and hot sauces too! I love the food inside too! Great groceries!
5	What a great find.  Best tortillas in Pittsburgh - my fiance and I were beginning to despair of ever finding 12-inch flour tortillas to make burritos (which we like to do way more often than our arteries appreciate), when a fortuitous series of events pointed us to Reyna's.  The cooler near the front of the store had plenty of 12" tortillas of varying types, and some smaller flour tortillas, but none of the kind we wanted!  I asked one of the employees if they had any 12" flour tortillas, and he led us to the back, where he opened up a large box, pulled out two packages of exactly the kind of tortilla we wanted, and said, "How many do you want?"  Now, that's my kinda place.We proceeded to grab everything we'd need to make burritos that night, short of the chicken we already had at home.  And then, for good measure, we got a jar of roasted green chiles for another night's chile verde, and some pineapple-and-chili-pepper lollipops, because, where else in this city have we seen those???  I can't wait to try out the taco stand one of these days.Reyna Foods is a quintessential Mexican grocery.  Hie thee hence for all your Mexican grocery needs.
4	Renya's is a great resource for a lot of mexican and south american staples.  While you do need to price shop a bit to make sure you are getting a fair deal it has a lot of things that you just can't find anywhere else in Pittsburgh. They also sell some cooking utensils and other helpful things like Yerba Mate gourds and straws (bombia?) of which I was having trouble finding replacements. You can certainly find these things online but I think it is fun to go in and find Day of the Dead candles and authentic pinata's for a mexican themed party and also walk out with all of the food to serve as well. Plus, buy local...I guess...is it local...yeah, is it local if it comes from thousands of miles away??? Now I am conflicted.Moving on...I'm not sure if they still have them, but at one point I got some great plantain strips that I think are made locally. If you ask for them the staff is usually really great with helping you find them. They are called Callaloo or Callolo. Give them a shot, and they are wonderful with all the fresh made salsas they carry in the deli cooler by the registers.If you find yourself shopping with limited time in the strip district you should try the taco stand out front.  Of all the quick options down there this is the best one for a quick meal and the green sauce is incredible on everything (especially the tongue tacos)
5	Best tacos outside of Texas. The pre-made guacamole is to die for. The tub marked X-Hot, is actually HOT!!
3	I think 'Burghers are only gooping their pants over Reyna's tacos because they've never had anything other than Taco Bell or its cousin Mad Mex. I'm from the southwestern part of the country and while I certainly appreciate the freshness and "clarity" of the food served outside Reyna's, I was not impressed by it. It was nothing that I couldn't and don't already make myself at home. Since Pittsburgh will never be the southwestern states and whatnot, I guess I could go along with saying these are some of the best tacos in the city.
4	A real taco in the 'Burgh.  Four stars would easily be five if their portions were just a tad bigger, but wow is the food here good.  Reyna has been satisfying true taco lovers with amazing tacos for awhile now and it finally seems that the rest of Pittsburgh has caught on.  There always seems to be a line of people salivating for the fresh ingredients and unique flavors that only Reyna offers in the Golden Triangle.  I absolutely love their beef tongue taco and their pulled pork version.  The salsas are fantastic and people are always mucho friendly.Do yourself a favor and eat your way through Pittsburgh's Strip and get one or eight tacos from the friendly folks at Reyna.
5	This is my favorite place to eat in the Strip.  Great taco selection and they are all delicious.  Laura W.'s review really sums it up.
5	Do yourself a favor and go get some tacos from the day time taco stand at this place!! Best tacos I have had in Pittsburgh!! A great quick bite to have when you're shopping Sat/Sun morning or afternoon in the Strip District! The grocery store is also great, with many varieties of South American food products!!
4	Delicious tacos! I always get the fish one which is mixture of fish and rice. The corn tortillas are homemade and they have buckets of sauces on the side to choose from. The tacos are a little bit small and not very filling but it's fun trying out all the food stands down the Strip anyways. The tortillas can get very soggy though and hard to eat so I recommend getting a fork. But the tacos have great flavor, especially with their sauces.
5	I crave these tacos when the sun is shining!
5	The stand outside (edgars), chicken taco with everything on it, best ever.
5	Easily my wife's favorite tacos in Pittsburgh. Pick your meat and then it is filled to the brim with lettuce, onions, tomatoes, and cheese. I kind wish they let me fill my own tacos, but it isn't really practical since they generally have a line on the weekends. The grocery has the best tortillas, tamales, and salsa in town. I bought the jumbo container of their taco seasoning so I can imitate at home.
5	Edgar's Taco stand right outside on 21st between Liberty and Penn is fantastic.The marinated lamb tacos are the best, although the chicken and beef tacos are good too.  The fish on the fish tacos were overpowered by the ingredients, and if you can't taste the protein then it's best to skip the dish altogether.The guac is really good, and worth the extra $1.This is definitely the real deal, and they are delicious.There's almost always a short line -- they seem busy all the time.The few tables and chairs right next to the stand are mostly in full sun.  These tacos are best enjoyed when they are hot and fresh, immediately off the grille.  Grab them, scarf them down, and move on!The flavors are great.....Right next to Thin Man Sandwich shop which is pretty reliable as well!
4	When I moved back to Pittsburgh from New York I found myself in constant withdrawal because I no longer had a taco truck on my block to satisfy my cravings.  I had pretty much lost hope in Pittsburgh until I came across Edgar's Taco stand at Reyna Foods.  These are probably the best tacos PIttsburgh has to offer.  The tacos are also picture perfect.  I have never seen such a beautiful taco.  Seriously.For only $5 (plus tax), you can get two tasty and fresh tacos.  The ingredients are super fresh, and the tacos are prepared on the spot.  The actual taco is a perfect blend, and they are packed full.  I got the carnitas and pollo tacos.  They meat was not spiced as well as I wanted, and they were a little too mild for my taste.  There also wasn't any sauce/salsa/etc. out, and this lead to a rather mild taco.  However, I plan to come back for the full experience soon.This is definitely the best place to find real deal tacos in Pittsburgh.  The staff was super friendly, and I can't wait to try the burritos as well!
4	Very good Mexican place! I got the enchiladas verdes which were a little too spicy for me but very good. My boyfriend got a steak quesadilla which was AMAZING! I wish I ordered it. Friendly staff and comfortable setting!Been here twice... The second time I ordered the guacamole which they made fresh in front of u! We loved it and will order it again.
4	"Jalapeno tostadas...yum!" That was a tip I shared a while back, let me go just a little deeper. That Hot sauce you found, loved and could never locate again? Reyna's has it. Biggest hot sauce collection in town. The same goes for BBQ sauces, any Latin ingredient you can think of, salsas out the wazoo, HANDMADE tortillas and tortilla chips so good they supply the best Mexican restaurants in Pittsburgh, fresh salsas, scorpion lollipops (for your wild, still sweet self), loose beans, herbs and all sorts of goodies in bins in the back....including dried hibiscus flowers that I make my mango hibiscus daiquiris with!Whatever you need, Reyna's has it. If they don't, ask...they do their best to get it! And don't miss the taco stand outside or the restaurant downstairs. Whatever Reyna's does, it's top notch!
5	I adore Reynas!  The selection of hot sauces, the quirky tzotchkes (sp?), the salsa, all are stupendous. But those tortillas...to die for!  Then you have their tacos!  Heaven!
3	Excellent margaritas. One of few places around who actually squeezes limes to make a sours . A huge array of salsa. Food flavored very well Wonderful guitar music..BUT , THE HUGE PARTY OF OVER 20 at 6-7.... Ruined our dinner. They were so loud the place shook.Other couples left also. Too bad they don't have a separate room for loud drunksWhat a disappointment, we left early and were tense
4	If you want an authentic Mexican grocery in the strip, this is the place to go!  They always tend to carry unique vegetables needed for Mexican meals.  In addition they make their own homemade tortilla chips and salsas.  There is also a fun taco stand out front with great authentic corn tortilla tacos.
1	This review is for the taco stand in front of Reyna's, which is run by the same owner as Reyna's and Casa Reyna. Note that this is *not* the same stand as the one around the corner on 21st Street, across the alley from Pamela's.I got an order of three tacos from them on a cold day a couple weekends ago. The meat was cold before I could start eating it, and I assumed it had just cooled off quickly. Within a few hours everything I had eaten was leaving me in a hurry. I felt sick and weak for the rest of the day, and was better (and completely empty) the next morning.Never going back, of course. This doesn't directly reflect on Casa Reyna's inside restaurant, but since the same people run it, it makes me worry about their food handling standards.I'll probably keep getting Reyna's big bag of chips when I need them for a party, but I'm never eating any other prepared food from them again.
5	Awesome food! Im from LA, so id like to think I know a thing or two about mexican food and I can honestly say this place is a homerun! Great salsa, fresh tortilla chips, friendly owners and staff.
5	This is a top-notch mexican grocery, albeit a small one. They sell corn and flour tortillas made on location that will change your life. They also make a variety of fresh salsas and dips. It also has a good selection of hot sauces and pre-packaged salsas. There is a small selection of produce to and other groceries you need but might not find at regular grocery stores. Overall a must-visit if you're making some Mexican.
4	This is the only Mexican market that I'm aware of in Pittsburgh and they always have everything I need.  They have a huge selection of dried chiles.  The freshly made tortillas are awesome.  Whenever I stop in I usually always grab some empanadas from the deli case.  YUM!!  Highly recommend!!!
4	We have no real Mexican grocers back home in Connecticut so this place made me giddy.  Huge drums of every kind of dried pepper imaginable.  Pinatas, sombreros and other toys.  Good selection of mexican cheeses.  The homemade corn tortillas were piping hot still.  People were buying the tortilla chips in bulk.  Only downside was the people working there, went out of there way to not be helpful.  Cashier says "I'll be right with you" and then says "How are you today?" and I say "Great, thanks..do you have tacos?" followed by her saying "I'll be right with you" again as I stood and watched her fiddle with the register for another 2 minutes.
2	I just moved to Pittsburgh from New Mexico and was excited to hear about this place. Unfortunately, it was not as good as I hoped. The cashier argued with my boyfriend over what kind of dried red chiles to buy, and harassed him when he was browsing the store (she yelled across the store: "Are you done yet? I already started ringing you up."). The house-made corn tortillas were bland and only with the help of a guy running a nearby taco stand (who did not work at Reyna's) did we find the right chiles... The cashier had no idea what we were asking for.Then there was the Hatch green chile fiasco. Shortly after arriving here, I was searching for Hatch green chile in the area and found out Reyna's would be doing pre-orders. Hooray! I ordered and paid for some online. The website said they would be roasting at the store so I called to ask about it. I was told in a very rude manner that roasting would only happen at the pepper festival, which I would have to pay $7 per person to attend, just to get my chile and get it roasted. Okay, fine. The day before the festival I called the store to confirm that my actual pre-order would be available at the festival. I was mid-question when the clerk on the phone interrupted me: "What? ... Can you call back later, I'm really busy." WTF?So I go to the festival to get my chile. The people at the roasting station seem confused when I present my pre-order receipt, but they eventually figure it out, telling me to come back later to get t because it isn't roasted yet. We walked around the festival for an hour then went back, and there is even more confusion over whether ours is ready. Finally they figure it out and give us the roasted chile. Hooray!Oh wait though. We get home and open it up and... Apparently they don't know how to roast it correctly. We bought bulk roasted chiles in New Mexico every year and never had issues peeling it before freezing it. This chile they roasted? It's somehow completely mushy and falling apart, but has almost no visible char, and it's fucking impossible to remove the peel. It's horrible. So tl;dr - rude employees, both in person and on the phone. Little product knowledge. And absolutely no knowledge of how to roast green chiles, despite having a whole event around the chiles. I won't be going back.
2	This has always been my 'go to' place to buy the most awesome, authentic flour tortillas.  I always  bought them fresh, still warm at times.  I have often served them at my  home and have sent many friends to shop there. Yesterday, I raved about how wonderful they were to a total stranger and we both bought 2 packages from 'the fridge up front'.  I was so so very disappointed and if the person I 'sold' them to reads YELP, I apologize. They were dry and stale.  Steaming them made them somewhat edible, but.....Which leads to my next review....I was so excited when they opened their restaurant as they sell  such tasty tacos on the street.  I have been there 3 times.  First off, THE  BEST margarita!  Food ok but service......horrible!!  The most efficient wait staff appears to be a 10-12 year old boy who has made our guacamole and aims to please.  When we were there over the weekend, the waiter outside  could do nothing more than tell us how busy he was and how he had to take the steps with each order. He got our salsa order wrong so needless to say, we left. This makes me sad to write this. Did they bite off more than  they can chew?
2	I have shopped here periodically over the last 8 years I have lived in Pittsburgh but after this last visit NEVER AGAIN! The woman working there was so rude I could hardly believe it. A gentleman came in speaking Spanish and she gave him attitude and even after he started speaking English she was still rude to him.  I accidentally dropped a small bottle of hot syrup ( my bad) I apologized profusely and felt so bad I bought a bunch of other stuff- even after the woman was really nasty about the whole situation. After I walked out I realized she charged me for the broken bottle without even telling me! I guess I should have just walked out without buying stuff. Its a shame because they are close to where I live but next time I'll take the trip to one of the Mexican groceries in Brookline.
5	Reyna has the best sit-down Mexican in the city. I really enjoy the margaritas, which as quite generously portioned. I always try one of the fruit flavors, and ask for them "less sweet." The bar staff is always accommodating to my request. The restaurant is pretty new, and the environment is nice. I love the Mexican pine tables and chairs, and the art is always a great conversation starter. The chip and salsa sample lets you try the best of the salsas from Reyna's. I normally go for the Chile Rellenos, but everything I had tried is well cooked, flavorful, and interesting. I have taken many guests here, and definitely recommend.
