5	I just went to their pre-opening and I loved it!I can't wait to take my husband because I know he will love it, too!Their curry  reminds me of  a famous Japanese curry chain called CoCo Ichiban, which is my favorite curry restaurant in Japan.I had chicken katsu (chicken cutlet) curry, which was always my favorite at CoCo.  Their secret curry sauce is prepared from scratch, and I was so impressed that theirs was as good as CoCo's! I had been missing this so much!Along with basic curry,  you can add toppings of your choice from chicken cutlet, pork cutlet, deep fried shrimp, croquette, yakiniku beef, sausage and more. I always like chicken katsu on my curry, but other people were saying pork katsu was good, too. I think the spice level is about 4 out of 10, not too spicy, not too mild, but you can add more spice if you like.The price was reasonable. Curry with 1 or 2 toppings(which I think is enough), is less than $10. Sometimes Japanese portions are too small, but theirs was big enough and I felt very satisfied after the meal. If you're missing real Japanese curry, or if you 're disappointed with others, this is the one you should try!
5	curry with cheese just perfect match!!!
5	I have been waiting for another cheap, quick Japanese eatery to open up.  After a couple of ramen places and a soba place, I suppose the move to a curry house makes sense.I do have to make it clear to some who may not be familiar with "Japanese Curry" that it is NOT like Indian or Thai curry, as much as Japanese "Ramen" is unlike Chinese noodle bowls and such from where it originated from.  Japanese culture has a tendency to import certain things, modify them and make them their own after much time.  Curry is very commonly cooked in Japanese households, and it is almost like hamburger is to the American diet.  The menu is simple and self explanatory on their website, so I'm not going in to details.  As for the curry, it was was good, somewhat safe, and not overly unique, but as the only curry house in Vegas (I guess I shouldn't say that now that Kaba is not just in a truck anymore?)  I think it's better to make it not too out of the ordinary.  As for spiciness, it was mild-moderate, definitely a LOT less spicy than that at Cafe de Japon, and I am not certain whether you can ask to make it spicier or not.  I would say that the portions are quite BIG.  Regular size with pork cutlet to make a katsu curry for example will get you quite full.  I think half size and katsu is almost enough to feed most people.  Even plain curry ($4.50, cheap!) is plenty large.  Unfortunately they sold of out desserts which included annin dofu and Coffee jello that looked really good.  The service was quick and friendly, and for an opening day (besides from running out of desserts), they seem to be moving quite efficiently.  All in all, I was quite pleased to have an authentic curry house in town which should give us additional options for quick inexpensive Japanese food besides from ramen and soba, and I'm looking forward to going back.
5	You are what you eat........eat Zen! I happened to be at this place on the opening day. I was actually planing to eat at Big Wong when I looked across the parking lot and saw the new place with a grand opening sign so I decided to try it. The place was packed! All the tables were taken,(all 2 of them) yes is a small place and you may have to wait outside for your table, so I sat at the bar which I didn't mind because you can see everything that's going on on the kitchen. (Cooks making curry)I ordered the shrimp curry, And even though I'm not a real fan of any curry since the strong taste/flavors seem to revisit me all through the day, like a meal that keeps on giving, but the flavors of this curry weren't too overpowering, just enough to create that indescribable and addictive flavor. The curry is made with more than ten ingredients that the menu claims that every spice or condiment used for this curry contains some holistic health benefit. (Almost as good as snake oil) So you know that every bite is good for your health on top of being good for your taste buds which is actually what counts at the end.     I also had the small salad  which it was crisp and flavorful and at the end of the meal the coffee jello dessert which it was good, again, not too sweet but sweet enough to call it dessert. Can't wait to try the one other dessert. I left that place feeling good and healthy.Service was great and place was spotless, I guess it had to do with being the grand opening, but I'm pretty sure service will continue to be that way, the place is too small to miss you, you can literally grab your waiter from where you're sitting anytime you need something. So if you happen to be in the area close to this shopping center that's quickly becoming little Japan, stop and visit this new member of the family, after all we all need a little zen in our lives.                                                                                                   ........or curry.
5	Japanese curry is REALLY different than Indian, and a lot of Americans aren't really familiar with its unique blend of spices. I have spent quite a bit of time in Japan, and my wife is from Kyoto. we loved this place! the owner was friendly and attentive, the food was as authentic as any we have had in Japan. the place is immaculate. try and get there early, because this place is going to be a hit.
5	First off, I need to say I am not exactly a fan of Japanese curry. I prefer Thai curry over Japanese curry. With that said, I'll try and write this review as best I can based on the Japanese curry that I've had.Japanese Curry Zen is actually a really nice/cozy place. It's small, so I suggest you go there during 'off' hours to avoid potential waits. The ordering process was fairly easy. A simple menu and a selection of additional meats to add on without putting a hole in your wallet =] The wait time for the food was normal, and the portions were decent. My friend ordered the pork cutlet and I ordered the chicken cutlet with a side of sausages. The sausages and the chicken cutlet was REALLY yummy. My friend's pork was slightly overcooked, and therefore was a bit harder to chew. The curry itself blended in really well, and I believe it was one of the best tasting Japanese curry I've tried =]On each of the tables were two types of seasoning, some pickled ginger (i think it was ginger), and some PICKLED GARLIC... I haven't seen a place that served pickled garlic on the side in AGES!I would definitely come back again, for a quick yet filling meal =]
4	Finally!  A Japanese Curry place in Las Vegas.  I really liked the curry.  It had a nice mix of spices.  My only complaint would be that I think the curry and the chicken/pork katsu I ordered with it could use more salt.  If you want to under salt them for peoples' tastes that's fine, I guess, but put salt shakers on the table.I was a little surprised you don't get the veggies in the curry that I'm used to.  Also, didn't see an option for some sort of veggie in the curry.  Guess you have to order a salad.Still...this is just quibbling.  This place is delicious.  If you like Japanese Curry, and you'd be crazy not to, this place will be on your regular spots of places to eat.
5	theres always a surprise in small joints like this! super GOOD curry + friendly staff + hungry me= HAPPY TUMMY!!! its the BOMBDIGGITY! ;)
4	It's a really small place in the same plaza as Monta Ramen. Very tiny but still nice. I'm actually not a curry person. I gave it a try and it was surprisingly good. I think I'll be a fan of curry now. I went tonight because I was randomly craving some of their curry when I was at work. I guess it's definitely pretty worthwhile if it gave me a random craving!The curry mixture was tasty and pretty addicting, if I do say so myself. I've had both the chicken and the pork curry. Meat isn't the best or anything but the curry makes up for it.I'm looking forward to trying their curry dog next time.Staff is VERY nice and polite. Mucho friendly :). My friend says it's the closest you can get to Japanese curry! That's absolutely promising to hear!
5	He shoots he scores!
3	Went there the second week they opened and thought it was "ok." I'm used to the Curry House in Little Tokyo in LA. The place is tiny and cramped. Portions are a little small for the money and no veggies to go along with the meal. We ordered the sausage (tiny hot dogs) with brown rice and chicken katsu with brown rice. About an hour later, we were hungry again and had to satiate our hunger with a nice order of Carne Asada Nachos from Faustos. I wish they would offer options for veggies, pasta, and a hamburger patty.One the plus side, the staff here is SUPER nice.
5	Authentic Japanese curry is a rarity in this city, so I'm ecstatic we now have one! As another reviewer stated, this place is as similar to Japan's CoCo Ichiban as you can get in mainland America. I've missed this food since I left Japan, so I had the chicken cutlet curry with an extra pork cutlet, and it was exceptional in every way.The great thing about this place is that your meal can can be as gargantuan as you'd like if you add extra toppings, though the typical serving of rice, curry, and one meat is enough.The service was very attentive as well, which I'm sure will continue as people discover this gem. I'm expecting this place to become the Monta of curry, so enjoy the lull while it lasts. The word WILL get out, and this place definitely deserves more business.
4	Small place located north west of Spring Mountain and Decatur intersection, in the same plaza as the popular Monta Ramen, Raku Japanese Grill, or the elegant Kabuto sushi. Over the years, I haven't been much of a japanese curry lover but I will still eat it periodically. This place is small but is managed by a very friendly, welcoming staff. Very small, defined menu highlighting their main focus, curry. Plain curry, chicken katsu curry, or pork katsu curry. Of course there are other things on the menu or add ons but in this review, i will not get into it. On the back of their menu, they list every, or almost every spice they use in the curry, as well as a brief description of each of what it does to help you (health wise) On the table, there are 7 different bottles. Of course the normal salt and pepper, but they have 3 others. The normal 15 spice blend they use in the curry that gives a mild spiciness. As well as a medium and a hot blend of spices. The final 2 bottles are the usual red pickled ginger you see normally in japanese restaurants and i believe was pickled baby onions? not sure. What i had found out which was a nice touch was that they do NOT put the ginger on the side of the curry, where most restaurants do. I thought it was a nice touch because i am not much of a fan of ginger, overall. This first, and only visit I have made (so far), i had ordered chicken katsu curry. Presented in a normal fashion. Round plate. 1/2 white rice. 1/2 katsu covered in the curry sauce. Of course, first thing i would taste is the curry sauce. Nice brown color. Very smooth upon taste. Very flavorful. Can taste a lot of the spices but with a small kick from i believe either paprika or cayenne (i dont remember the list of spices they had listed). This place makes their curry sauce well. Besides the curry sauce, of course they had the katsu. Wasn't too amazed by this though. It was cooked thoroughly, but maybe a little too long. Meat was dry and the thickness varied greatly on the piece of katsu. The breading was a bit stuff, and not "loose". Not sure how to describe it. What i believe to be a perfectly made katsu is an even thickness cut of meat either cut or pounded thin, breaded with panko bread crumbs and fried to a golden brown, long enough to be cooked but fast enough to still be juicy, as well as have a flaky crust. Price pretty reasonable. $4.95 for the plain curry. Then additional $3 for chicken katsu, $3.50 for a pork katsu, and they had other things. But aside from the katsu, maybe they are still correcting themselves on the timing, ill give them another chance in the future, the curry is great. probably the closest to genuine japanese curry you will find in Vegas for now. Good place to visit but remember, space is limited, to maybe.. 20ish seats total.
4	Curry Zen is the newest Japanese restaurant addition to Seoul Plaza, but makes me wonder when its going to be changed to Reikon Plaza? You know Reikon meaning soul or spirit in Japanese... ah nevermind, terrible joke. I have visited a few times now since they've opened and noticed each time the curry increases in spice slightly as well as the amount of condiments on the counter. Now they have raisins, sliced almonds, 3 different mixed spices (mild, medium, and hot of course), fukujinzuke (mixed pickled vegetables), and pickled scallions. The menu is small ranging from chicken katsu, pork katsu, kurobata sausages, potato croquette, shrimp, a curry hot dog, and a couple of jello desserts Maybe its not their style, but if somewhere down the line they decide to add vegetables as toppings I would be all for it!The best things about Curry Zen is the portions are good versus price (yay for college budgets), FREE brown rice option (paging brown rice warlord Misti Y), service is friendly, and I suppose that its an option for my vegetation eating friends as you can opt for the curry and a croquette. Lastly the only con I can think of now is... where am I going to park? With  all these thriving businesses in this plaza it makes parking a chore. A side note of the most nanoscopic size possible, I did see someone wheel in a few boxes with labels saying Java Curry. I'm not suggesting that it is not homemade, but I do wonder if they use their roux some parts of their curry? Just some thoughts from a noobs. 100th, yippee.
4	Although the menu is very basic, I think this newly opened Japanese curry place will do quite well.  There are only 3 tables in this restaurant, but they also have bar seating, where you sit facing the cooks while they are preparing the food.  I counted a total of 18 seats in this restaurant.  But for such a small restaurant, they had quite a few people working there.  I believe there were a total of 8 people including the owner.  Luckily this place wasn't very busy when I arrived for lunch, so I was able to sit at a table.  The service was very good, which is typical of Japanese restaurants.  I ordered their pork cutlet curry on rice and a side order of chicken katsu. Their curry sauce is quite good, but I would have preferred a little bit more curry sauce.  I also tried their curry pan and it was delicious.  This deep fried panko bun with curry inside would have been perfect had it been a little bit warmer.  It was very tasty and the texture of the bun was excellent.   For a quick Japanese curry fix, give this place a try.
4	A great new option for Japanese Curry in one of the most up and coming and/or already there china town food malls!  Read a fellow yelpers review and bookmarked it immediately.  There is a line but if its good then a line is worth the wait.  We were lucky and sat at the bar immediately.  The decor is modern, warm and clean the service was extremely polite and fast and the chef was behind the counter to be watched while plating his food.  This is a bit like a fast food but comfort food but way better, let me explain why.  They have a 15 spice blend with a guide on the back of the menu explaining the benefits of adding these spices to your food.  I have been to a couple of curry places in town and basically I could have bought the same mixture from a box and added water and had the same thing.  This place is different you can tell it is freshly made daily.  The flavors  of the curry is a strong but very mild flavor at the same time (I know that doesn't make sense but if you eat it you will understand).  You have quite a few options for the meat portion of the meal from chicken, fried pork chop  and a few more.  The rice is plentiful and good you also have a brown rice option for a healthier carb addition to your meal.THIS is the curry I had in Japan this is the curry I have been looking for since my trip to Japan.  I am extremely happy and will be back for sure.
5	Simple. That is how I would describe his hidden culinary treasure. I found this place while looking for new and different restaurant and boy am I am glad i did. The food is simply amazing! Get ready to taste curry in a way you haven't tasted before. Thanks sauce is rich and flavorful, and you taste spices that are very unique. Do yourself a favor and come try this place.
4	Located in the Seoul Shopping Center, which should be called a Japanese Shopping Center by the way since there are way more Japanese restaurants (Raku, Monta, Trattoria Nakamura-Ya and Kuboto) there than Korean. I tried the chicken cutlet curry and it was good. The curry sauce was really flavorful and not too spicy. The cutlet had a crispy batter and it was tender on the inside. The side pickled onion was my favorite. Sweet and a little sour, no lingering raw onions smell or taste. My bf had the shrimp curry and it was also good. It was a good size shrimp and was not over cooked. As what the other Yelpers mentioned on their reviews, I hope they add vegetable options in their menu. Veggie goes well with curry!Decent price for this kind of food, amount of serving and location.
3	3 1/2 stars. Located in the same strip center as Raku and Monta Ramen I arrived for lunch and was surprised how small but cute the place is. There was only one other patron besides myself. My order the pork cutlet curry. My dish arrived promptly and the curry sauce was flavorful but I added medium spicy seasoning for additional spiciness. I thought the pork was on the tough side and was a little difficult to even cut. I thought Japanese Curry Zen was pretty average and prefer Coco Ichiban due to they have a larger variety and offer combinations.Don't get me wrong, if I'm craving Japanese Curry in LV I would return to Japanese Curry Zen.
4	I've been here a couple times already so I guess it's time to write a review. My first visit: I wasn't too impressed by their curry, in fact I thought it was a bit salty (but maybe that might have been the katsu). What I did like was that the curry already had some heat without needing to add any more spice. I enjoy piling my plate with tons of fukujinzuke and a little bit of rakkyo. The topping that I chose was chicken katsu and it was a big serving of the meat. I've experienced in places where they skimp on the size of katsu and the rest of the serving is just all curry. Overall, first visit was a 3 stars.Second visit: Was a lot better, in my opinion. I ordered korokke with fried ebi as toppings this time. If I order the croquette all by itself it might not satisfy my hunger, but since I also added fried shrimp (which comes in three) it definitely satiated the monster living inside my belly. The curry this time tasted freakin' fantastic. Their curry is definitely for those who like 'em a little on the spicy side. Plus, you have the choice of adding more heat with the three different "powders" available on each table. This place is reminiscent of curry restaurants I've been to as a child. Curry Zen is pretty basic though, since curry houses in Japan has tons load of different toppings available. But for what Vegas can offer, this place is pretty darn good.
4	Good stuff. The price is very cheap! You can get a full bowl or a half bowl. Since I eat like a bird I opt for the half with chicken and crouquette. That was certainly enough to fill me up. The curry flavor was so full of flavor. I didn't add extra spice to it, and thankfully the curry wasn't spicy in the mouth at all. However, you can very well taste the herbs and spice in it. The croquette is certainly a recommendation. It has potato with vegetables inside, and it's fried.  Super yum. It has that nice outter crunch on the outside and a nice soft potato inside. I got to talk to the chef for a bit who was really friendly and helpful. He also recommended that I try mixing raisins and almonds in my rice. Apparently it's good for the digestive system. It's pretty good! However, I recommend you mix it with white rice. It doesn't taste as good with brown rice. The chicken was also very tender. I'll definitely be back soon when I need to tend on my curry fix again!
5	Almost don't wanna write a review for this place for fear that next time I come back it will be over crowded and ill have to wait in long lines. That being said, definitely a gem in Vegas. If you know what curry house (Hawaii establishment) is then you will welcome this new place especially when it starts to get cold out! Menu is pretty small but they know what they are good at and stick to it. I love the fact that they offer brown rice as an alternative to white rice, important to me because I try and cut carbs when reasonable. Lol. I love the pork katsu and curry with cheese so much, I ordered one to take home and eat the next morning...sadly it doesn't microwave very well (pork cutlet drys up in the microwave) :( but I was happy none the less to make this my last meal in Vegas before catching a 2pm flight.
2	I had ordered the croquette and pork katsu and was an excited little boy ready to womp on the hot curry on a cold night.  When all my friends' orders came out, mine came out wrong as they gave me some sausage with katsu.  When I told them i had ordered the croquette, instead of hurrying and whipping out another dish, OR just leave the one they messed up on for me, they took about 20 min talking amongst themselves trying to figure out what in the world they did wrong.  Finally after all my friends had finished and 20 minutes later, it finally came out with brief apologies.The curry was good but i was so mad and full from eating everyone else's food I couldn't even enjoy it.  Sorry Zen, the food was decent but the poor service brings you down a notch.
4	The place was smaller than I thought, but very cozy and clean!We ordered...-Croquette Curry -Chicken Katsu CurryBoth of them were very good! Tasty!Chicken Katsu was not dry at all and you could tell that curry was made from scratch.The only reasons why I gave 4 stars were the fact that you can't pick how spicy you want the curry to be... I understand that there are different kinds of spices on the side of the table so you can add your own spice to your own curry, but still... after all it is just powder you are adding to your curry, it's not the same... A lot of curry house in Japan, you can pick how spicy!Also, we ordered hot green tea and we got hot water with tea bag inside the mug cup... I was actually surprised... If I'm paying $1.25 for green tea, I rather get one without the teabag!
5	If I ever need my fix for J-curry, this is where I'll go from now on.  Apparently that's also the case for many Japanese in town including the owner of Cafe de Japon who we bumped into and had the pleasure of dining with.  He got natto with his curry.  I didn't know that was something Japanese did?  I think natto is super gross but I guess drowning it in rich curry sauce would be the most acceptable way for me to scarf it down.  Most of the meat options are breaded and fried with the exception of the kurobuta sausage.  I got the pork katsu with cheese and my wife went with chicken katsu and cheese.  Both were excellent and terrific portions.  I also liked how they offered almonds, raisins, sweet onions and pickles on the side.  I'd never put almonds on my curry before but it made for great texture.  I ate a ton of onions since that went really well with the crunch and juiciness of the pork.    I would like to see a few more options for curry including a straight up beef option and maybe an unfried chicken too but that's not a big thing.  Friendly service, Japaneezy atmosphere and great curry is what will ensure my return.  Free wifi is a plus.
3	Their menu here is very simple. You start with white or brown rice. Regular or half order. Then you add whatever item(s) you want... pork katsu, shrimp, chicken katsu, sausage, etc. This place is a good alternative if you want a break from eating ramen at Monta. The restaurant is tiny, so try not to come here with a big group. I think my friend counted only 18 seats total. Their food is good but not as good as Go Go Curry.
4	The first time I came here, it was a full house at this tiny restaurant. There were also many people waiting outside, so we left and decided to come back another time. Our second visit happened around noon on a Friday. While we were driving here, I thought for sure it would be packed again. To my surprise, there were several open seats. I guess it was a great idea to come here on iPad Mini launch day!As I mentioned, this place is very tiny. There are 18 seats available (yes, I actually counted, lol). Two tables that seats 4, one table that seats 2, and 8 seats at the bar. The menu is tiny as well, with only 6 toppings to choose from. I appreciate that they have brown rice and don't charge extra for it. Ordered my usual - Chicken Cutlet Curry. The curry was full of flavor and not too watery or salty. Portion size of the chicken cutlet was perfect and not too small. Service was a bit slow. The place filled up eventually and there was only one server. We had to wait a while for our bill after our plates were taken away. Simple menu, tasty, filling, and inexpensive. I'll be back for sure, but maybe for take-out since it is always crowded here. Hopefully they will open a second, bigger location in the future. FYI - minimum credit card charge is $8.00.
4	It's small inside but we went at a good time cause seats were available but I can imagine easily feeling claustrophobic in there - like a bunch of sardines packed together.....The curry was yummy - I had the pork tonkatsu curry with white rice, potato croquettes and topped with shredded cheese. The condiments provided to us were good. I loved the Rokkyo (pickled baby onion bulbs) and if you want your curry hot there were many condiments to do just that. There even were raisins and almonds -yucky to me but hey if it works for you.....The Potato Croquette was near perfect - the texture,breading,the mashed potato - yeah it was all good.... the tonkatsu was fried well also. The curry sauce was good enough to me. I only enjoy Japanese and certain Thai curries so this place did hit the spot. I did suggest to the waitress that other curry options should be offered like - curry cooked with veggies (carrots & potatoes), or curry with beef cooked in it (cause the beef becomes melt in your mouth soft) or even offer more add-ins like corn,green onions,ect....Now, the waitress didn't really speak or understand english so I don't know if my suggestions made it to the cook.....But, yeah I'll be back to get my Japanese Curry grub on!!!!
2	Meh. The menu is short and simple which is fine. My beef is this: Overpriced rice & curry dish = Rice+ Protein +Curry*Full or Half-order. For $6-$9 this does not have anything worth going out of your way for. The curry itself did have a character of its own. But at the end of the meal, it wasn't worth the curry burps I inflicted on my girlfriend, coworkers, and anyone in a throwing stars reach. Not to mention the small butt parade stomping through my intestines by the end of the night. Christ! I love curry from all regions of Asia, but I haven't heard my stomach make these sounds since I was forced to watch 5 minutes of Twilight. At least then I passed out and it was over.In spite of my sarcasm, the service was decent and orders came out quickly. I wouldn't make an out of the way trip for this place, but if someone is determined to go, you happen to be with them, and drinking, sleeping, taking an SAT/GMAT, or a 24hr Roberto's is still not an option because it's closed...go check it out. But there are several other places in that shopping center that are worth more of your time.
5	As I first walk in, I am greeted by a friendly host/waiter. He sits my friend and I down at a table, and gives us our menus. The restaurant itself; small, packed, yet homey. A place that has a little charm and a feeling of comfort.I ordered the chicken katsu curry and my friend orders the katsu curry and a croquette. Ten minutes later, our food was delivered to our table, hot and ready for consumption.The curry was simple. Nothing in it except the chicken katsu. I was delighted that there was fukujinzuke as one of our many choices of toppings. Although the curry looked simple, its flavors, along with the chicken katsu, was very tasty. My friend was impressed as well.The curry reminded me of my parents' home cooking, and that's already 5 stars in my book. Along with the curry, I ordered a curry dog to go, and boy was that delicious. They even give you cute little pickles with it.Overall, it was a delicious and cheap meal, and I plan to visit this place more often during these cold winter months.
5	If tasty, fast and simple is what you are after, look no further. This hidden gem offers a flavorful twist to the curry most of us are used to and couples it with tasty protein choices. The service is excellent and the prices are very economical. You must check this place out!
2	I had tonkatsu curry few days ago. They serve me a rock hard tonkatsu that I have couldn't chew on!
4	The Japanese curry gods have answered. Finally, there's a decent Japanese curry joint in town! Their menu is pretty small and simple. You order either a regular or half-size of white or brown rice with curry. Then you add accompaniments like tonkatsu, chicken katsu, potato croquette, and kurobuta sausage. I usually love a nice tonkatsu, but theirs is a bit dry and tough so I suggest going with the chicken katsu instead. Skip the miniscule salad . It's not worth the $1.50 price.
4	Small for sure and easily overlooked.  I have dined at Monta numerous times right next door and never really noticed this place.  My boyfriend wanted to try it so off we went.  There was a big party taking up the only tables in the place and we ended up at the counter.  A little claustrophobic maybe at the counter.  The menu is small.  There basically is one curry that can have a few options of meat and everything comes with rice.  But the curry is good and flavorful and makes me happy.  It has something like 13 different spices in it which all contribute to your health somehow.  None the less we gobbled up everything on our plates, didn't pay very much and we left with a warm belly of curry.
5	Sweet little spot! Yum!
5	I believe you need a lot of sophistication to enjoy Japanese Curry. It's just these small little differences with the spices that separates  a J-Curry place from being "good" and "great". And, I believe that JAPANESE CURRY ZENBAYASHI has achieved Greatness. This is a rare Japanese restaurant where they pay attention to the smallest details. For example, today the Rakkyo was perfectly cut in a distinct geometric style, which made every single piece look identical in size and shape. At first, I thought I was seeing things but eventually after watching Mr. Zenbayashi working so carefully in the kitchen, I came the conclusion that they spend hours before the store opens preparing everything to look beautiful and artistic.Unlike similar restaurants, JCZ will refrigerate the condiments such as Tonkatsu Sauce, Rakkyo, and Fukujinzuke. They wait till a customer arrives and then they bring them out with new clean serving spoons. Other places around town will merely keep the condiments sitting out on the table all day long with the same serving spoons which had been touched by many dirty hands. But, you won't find that problem here. This is the most spotless and clean restaurant I have seen in Las Vegas.  Even the bathroom looked like no one had ever used it. Just like INABA, this place prides itself on having a dish that not only tastes great, but has tons of health benefits. They have a homemade Gram Masala which is a combination of about 15 spices such as Turmeric, Coriander, Black Pepper, Cumin, Cardamom, Fennel, Japanese Chili Pepper, Ginger, Garlic, Paprika, and many more. Unlike Indian Curry, J-Curry is lower in calories and fat content. It also has anti-oxidents, digestive benefits, blood cleansing, and even anti-aging benefits. I actually came here by accident today, I spent most of the day loitering at Jen G's place of work.  After about 3 hours of bugging her, she told me to "BUY SOMETHING OR GET OUT!", so I went straight to JCZ! ...Just kidding. Actually, the true story does involve me loitering at Jen G's place of employment, but we had a conversation about Kabuto, and both of us agreed we should go there and give it another try. I actually didn't like my last visit to Kabuto on account of being spoiled by Urusawa in LA. But, I ended up going over there anyway  to make a reservation. While I was in the parking lot, I noticed the JCZ sign.  David Y had recommended the place to me earlier, and he told me that it was exactly what he used to get in Japan, so I gave it a try. And Dave was right, it was the best. I don't know why people would rather eat at overrated Monta when JAPANESE CURRY ZEN is only a 15 second walk. And the best part of JCZ is that it doesn't have a 2 hour waiting list, uncomfortable seating, overflowing toilet, hipsters and emos reciting poetry, and non-japanese cooks who cook the eggs in the back alley(read my review on Monta to understand that better). And that's another thing that makes JCZ great, it's 100% Japanese staffed. Sure, I actually know Chinese and Filipino Sushi Chefs who make some Japanese ones look like amateurs, but the point is that it's always so unique to find a J-restaurant that is 100% Japanese staffed.The best thing on the menu is the Pork Tenderloin Curry. Do not confuse this with the normal Pork Cutlet. The Pork Tenderloin Curry will not be on the main menu. You have to ask for it specifically. Today, the cook put so much attention into making sure the cutlet was fried perfectly. The color was beautifully golden brown, and the texture of the meat was so juicy and soft that I ended up eating it all in less than 5 minutes. This was the best service I have ever had as a 1st timer. Sure, there are some Japanese owned restaurants that treat me better, but that's because I've spent a lot of money there. For example, when I walk into "Sushi on Rainbow", it's like that scene in "Goodfellas" when Robert De Niro walks into the club and everyone knows his name, they open the door for him, save him  his usual seat, and everyone gets whatever he wants before he even has to ask. That's how good some places treat me because I show up regularly, I treat older Japanese workers with a lot of respect,  and because I'm f*cking rich I tend to leave giant tips. But, even though this was my first time at JAPANESE CURRY ZEN, they already were treating me like I had spent over $1000 here. And of course, even though I only spent like $10.00 on curry I left a $20 tip. And the server earned every penny of that because it really was the best service I've had in years. JAPANESE ZEN CURRY is a small independent business, not a million dollar bankrolled J-restaurant. Even though there is a rumor that this place is owned by the Mon-group, the server told me that it's just not true. This is a small business that needs the support of the Japanese-American community here in Las Vegas. So, I encourage all LV Japanese residents to come try this place out and support them.
4	Curry!  OMG do I love Curry... Indian Curry, Thai Curry, Japanese Curry-it's all good.. The amalgamation of spices, creating that distinct, deep, rich, umber slurry, with heavenly wafts filling my nostrils; you literally taste it through your olfactory senses like an emotion or a memory (Curry is my Pavlov's dog)..Curry is a favorite from my childhood; just before spending the Summer vacation in Japan, My Mom would make batches of Curry and hundreds of Fried Dumplings for my Dad to eat while we were gone.  I loved hanging out in the kitchen, helping her cook these dishes, and it is distinctly home cooking.Curry Zen is located in the same Commercial Center as Monta, Raku and Trattoria Nakamuraya, making it's own 'Little Tokyo' deep in the heart of Chinatown.  It's a small venue with only a couple of tables and a counter, so you can imagine there's a prime, rush hour wait - makes sense to time carefully with this restaurant.  But it's clearly a family run business with Husband and Wife manning the kitchen, which is endearing.  The Curry is a simple gravy, made entirely from Spices and Vegetables.  It has the consistency somewhere between a sauce and stew, with deep but clean flavors that highlight each Spice in a way I've never tasted.  Almost a science, a brief explanation is on a placard on each table (in Japanese) describing the ingredients and methodology- one thing that I find about Japanese culture is the cult like devotion to the culinary process.On the table, you find various condiments that I find unusual, but welcoming: Almond and Raisins for one, then as the Curry is spicy but not hot, there's a bevy of dry spices to ramp up the heat.  I enjoyed working with a sprinkling of Mild, then incrementally moving towards Hot Chili Peppers.Along with the Curry, there's a selection of toppings and fried accompaniments: such a Chicken or Pork Tonkatsu, Croquettes, Fried Shrimp and Vegetables. I really enjoy the fact that I can customize my Curry, and I immediately wanted to 'load up' on the fried goodies:  I ordered the Pork Tonkatsu and Fried Shrimp.  Now given the price point, the Tonkatsu was amazing; not your tough, thin piece of stringy meat, Curry Zen presented a really good piece of Pork that was fried perfectly and for an extra $3.50, it's a steal!  The breaded Shrimp was properly cooked and a great mini addition to counter the Tonkastu, you can never have enough fried meat on your plate is my philosophy!I enjoyed the service, both the Husband and Wife repeatedly asked me how my dish tasted and I appreciated their attentiveness.  And I know I will be coming back, not only for the food, but I want to support the smaller businesses in Vegas and these are good people!Ratings (Out of Five Stars)Food:            5Ambience:    3Service:        5
4	What a unique, simple, yet elegant place this is!  While the space of the restaurant is about half the size of it's famous neighbor, Monta Ramen, the flavor is not.  You can get a nicely crafted plate of Japanese curry for a quick and budget lunch at this new spot!  They serve both brown and white rice with the one thing they make here: curry.  The menu is extremely simple... what kind of meat do you want on your curry?  Condiments include raisins, ginger, some sort of pickled beat type of thing that is amazingly good, almonds, and three different heat levels of spice.  I suggest you add everything to your curry!  Yum!  Even for a Thai curry snob, the curry here is spiced extremely well.  The flavors are balanced with herbs and a slight sweetness.  I have had the fried shrimp and fried pork on my curry so far, and both have been done very well, not too greasy or too breaded and with quality ingredients.  The price for a plate of curry here ranges from $4.50 (no meat) to around $8.50.  You really can't beat that price for a quick meal out.  The curry here is better than the one served at Shuseki and Ichiza, so give this little spot a try!
4	I skipped lunch so by the time I got to JCZ, I was famished.  At 5pm, the place was empty but I can imagine it can get easily packed at normal dining hours since it only has a few tables and a bar.  This is located in the same complex as Monta, Raku, Trattoria Nakamura-ya and Kabuto.I was fiddling around with the condiments, raisins and almonds that were on the table.  I ordered a pork cutlet with brown rice, corn and croquette - and no, I didn't have to use any of the condiments.  It tasted great on its own and it was filling.  My bro-in-law got the chicken cutlet with white rice, cheese and corn which he annihilated in a few minutes!  The curry was spicier than what I'm used to (I'm a wimp when it comes to spicy food) but I didn't mind.  On the back of the menu is a list of spices they use for their curry and what health benefits you could get from each spice which I thought was pretty interesting.  I thought my Chinese grandmother was just making stuff up when I was little!Our server, Jason, was great and easy on the eyes.  The chef came out of the kitchen to personally thank us for coming.  More people started coming in as we were getting ready to leave.
5	There is a part of me that wishes I could live in japan and drive the insanely awesome vehicles that they produce, date all the hot woman that they have and specially eat all the awesome food that this country comes up with. Sadly I am not there..but places like curry zen makes me feel a little betterI could spend days explaining the taste of this place, and it would not compare to the experience at all. This place is simply magnificent. The quality, the presentation and the flavor are out of this world and to top that the service , courtesy and warmth of the servers and chefs make this one of my new favorite spots.The spot is small but thankfully ive never had to spend time waiting. Maybe its because the damn hipsters haven't find this yet and I am cool with that !.The pork is so tender and the curry is thick with a decent amount of rice as well.Be sure to try the enderloin at least once.If it feels a little too expensive for you, stay with the chicken if you want..it still tastes epic. If you lke it hot they wont change it while cooking however you get the spices in the table. Not a biggie..I like getting the legit thing so not altering it actually works for me.Everytime I went my glass was NEVER empty and had the staff checking for satisfaction all the time. Seriously the service was better than most 5 star restaurants..and why? Because they were sincere!! You can see them wanting you to enjoy.. that my foodies; is priceless .Want to know what is the hardest thing for me to do? Go to that plaza..sit down in my car and look at monta...look at zen..look at monta again..zen one more time.. MY HEAD WILL EXPLODE one of these days. I need to figure a system out.. It is like going to a strip club and have "destiny" and "charity" (classic stripper names btw) offering you buy one get 2 free!! DON'T JUDGE ME.Do yourself a favor and try it. Get that JDM hotness in you and you wont be able to let go!
5	Pork tenderloin katsu curry is the best!! Husband and I even like their katsu curry more than that of Curry House! Will come back again for sure! The katsu did take 15 mins to make but so worth the wait!! The only drawback for a big party is that it has a max occupancy of 18 and u might have a difficulty in seating all of ur party during prime time.
3	I went there with my family one day to try out their curry... and it wasnt a HIT for me. This place ONLY SERVES curry... and your choice of pork chop, shrimp, croquette.. etc etc. My dad got the pork chop curry ( shared that with my mom) and i shared a shrimp and croquette curry with my sister, and we also ordered a curry puff on the side. The curry puff came and it was COLD... like it was just taken out of the fridge and served to us. IT WAS NOTHING SPECIAL. The curry wasnt BAD but it wasnt good. i've had better and i probably wont be going back to this joint...
4	I'm sure the shopping center where Curry Zen is located has now become a mini japan town. With the addition of curry, the japanese menu is just about complete for this area. The restaurant itself is small but very cozy. Got the pork cutlet with croquette. Both were done very well and the curry tasted delicious too. total came to around $11-12 which I guess is reasonable. I actually kinda wished the curry came with some vegetables already in it because just the sauce seems kind of... too simple for me. I guess for its price, I expected more. Overall, service was excellent and I'm actaully hoping they will add more variety to the menu.
5	Zen Curry! I had been curious since they placed the sign up and I was curious to try it out but I never seemed to have the time.One day my best friend and I were headed over to Monta Ramen... starving and what not.. and realized maybe it wasn't the greatest idea with 10 parties ahead of us. PERFECT TIMING TO TRY THAT RESTAURANT!!!!So we walked over and browsed the menu, checked Yelp! and went on in. We were lucky that it wasn't too busy. We were seated promptly by Jason Kim and were served our beverages immediately. The quaintness of the curry shop was GREAT. My friends and I are always looking for comfortable restaurants with welcoming atmospheres. The chef and owner came and greeted us personally which I felt was rare in most restaurants. I ordered the pork cutlet curry with potato croquette, and Di had the chicken cutlet with potato croquette. The curry was delicious and they had everything you needed to customize to your preference! They had their own mild blend of spices, the medium, the spicy, raisins, and almonds. The service was very prompt and since the restaurant is small, it felt very personal. The prices are awesome too, I think we paid about $10 for each plate.Since I had seen on Yelp! that someone else recommended trying their specials... I came back several days later to try the Spinach Curry. I LOVED that they were consistent with the flavor and texture of the curry. I also tried their Curry Pan.. which is a fried pastry with a bit of their curry. IT IS AWESOME! I'm on a diet but I bought two to-go so I could eat them at work the next day! LOVE THIS PLACE :)
5	Great service and prices are low!
3	Small store located in the same plaza as Monta Ramen and Big Wong Resturant. I've been meaning to come here as I've heard good things from friends and others and finally was able to come. The overall atmosphere is very friendly with a welcoming staff. I liked the atmosphere a lot. There is a bar with maybe 10 or so seats and four tables I believe that seat four each. I'm very particular about my Japanese Curry as I am with a lot of Japanese foods, but I try to keep an open mind. They have many condiments on the table, three of them are different levels of spicy curry powder (mild, regular, spicy), ginger, almonds, raisins, and salt & pepper. The curry powder is their recipe with many blended spices that they make. The prices are pretty reasonable, $4.95 for the plain curry and then depending on the topping you add additional costs. You can mix and match whatever you want on their menu ranging from chicken katsu to corn and other items you would "normally" find in curry. I got the croquette (+$2) and corn (+$1) in my plain curry. I thought for the price the croquette would be slightly larger than what it came out as, so I was a little disappointed. They brought it out on a plate with the rice on one side and curry on the other, the croquette and corn in the middle, with an overlap of curry (Japanese don't like to "mix" the curry and rice traditionally). The croquette however was good and I believe they make it as well. It was nicely browned to the correct color and breaded perfectly. The curry itself was mediocre, maybe I was expecting more, but I have to come back and try it again to make a real comparison. The spices were good, but it felt like something was lacking, maybe it was an unlucky batch that I got. I'll definitely come back to give it another try before making a final opinion on it. It has an authentic taste to it, maybe the most authentic out of all the curry I've tried in Las Vegas, but like I said I would have to give this another try along with some others. Will update in the near future on the taste of the curry again. =]Oh they didn't put the ginger on the plate (thankfully, as I don't like ginger). I would definitely recommend at least giving it a try.
4	Good service, great flavour, affordable prices... These things definitely lead to a great combination. I think next time I'll have to bring the boys along with me, and not keep the tasty stuff all to myself.
4	I like their curry. But the restaurant is quite small. I always liked Curry House in California. I think this place, Curry Zen is now my curry spot in Las Vegas. I'm happy i don't have to go to California to taste decent Japanese Curry.
4	I am very glad that we finally have a curry house in Vegas. I quickly became a regular here as soon as I discovered this spot. My favorite dishes are pork cutlet, fried shrimp and hot dog curry. You can chose white rice or brown rice to go with it. I love the crispy textures of breading of pork cutlet and fried shrimps. Pork cutlet is always juicy and never overdone. I feel fortune that they even have Japanese hot dogs on menu. This small shop is very clean and opens late. Service here is fast and efficient. It can definitely be a quick eat spot if you are in a rush.
3	Japanese Curry Zen is a decent place to check out if you're looking for Japanese style curry rice.The Food (3 out of 5): Okay, I've been here a couple of times now, and both times I have had the Tonkatsu (pork) curry rice which is good and tasty. Now, curry rice is a staple in most Japanese households, and I am really used to not only having the white rice with pork cutlet & curry sauce over it, but also with other vegetables in the curry sauce as well (i.e. potatoes, carrots and sometimes celery). So, I was disappointed by the fact that you could not add any of these kinds of additional veggies. Also, they really should offer Tabasco sauce in the restaurant as well as another kind of ginger (their ginger is kind of sweet). The Service (3 out of 5): Service has been good here but not great. On the last time here we had to wait a little bit to get refills on our waters and to get more ginger. Yes, they were busy at the time, but then again, it's not like you can pack a lot of people in the restaurant. I didn't like the fact that our table for 2 was really close to the table for 4 next to us, it was kind of like we were there with that other party. OVERALL:If you have a hankering for Japanese curry (or if you don't want to wait too long at Monta a few doors down), then this is a decent place to go. However, I do think that I can cook a much better curry rice myself though!
4	Going by what was on Yelp we came here at 11:00AM but were disappointed to find out that they actually open at 11:30.. hmm I think pretty much everything in this plaza opens at 11:30 so we went to McDonald's to get some free coffee and to kill some time. hehe Anyways we went in at exactly 11:30 and were warmly greeted by the small staff of 3..As other Yelpers have mentioned it is a cute little restaurant with less than 4 tables in addition to their solo diner's bar.. They have an open kitchen so you can see the chef making your food. I had the chicken katsu curry with brown rice, corn and cheese. The portion size was good.. The curry didn't have any crazy strong tastes but the flavor was all there! I love the little add ons.. especially the pickled onions.. The waitress was very nice and kept our water glasses full. The chef even touched tables and made sure everything was delicious. Amazing service from such a little place.. Love it! The bill for 2 came up to a little over $20..! cheap & tasty = perfect! This will definitely be my go to spot when I'm craving curry although like Monta, I would probably stay away during peak times. RANDOM: are you the type of curry eater who eats it very clean or do you like to mix everything around on your plate and get a little messy? hahaTIP: don't forget to look at the Specials board.. I definitely want to go back to try the tofu katsu and curry udon ;]]]
4	So I love Curry, and I often go here to get my curry to go, but what I really like... Is the Katsu Curry with Cheese and Corn. I have to say though, they are so Stingy on that stuff that you can probably just have some at home and save yourself a $1.00 Also when you order (extra) anything make sure you double check with them as to how they Add Extra - because I got cheated one day on my rice.. Never again will that happen. I advise though, there are only 3 tables in this place and 10 seats at the bar, way small place... So doing the take out thing is AWESOME!!! Food is good tasting stuff though... Totally love Curry... so I like this! Yes ^__^ ..
4	I was craving curry and wanted something comparable to Tani's Kitchen in Daly City or Hurry Curry in LA. This place definitely hit the spot. Very clean presentation and their kitchen looks pretty clean too. There aren't actually too many tables in here, but we were having a pretty late dinner so no one else was in here. My only gripe is that the vegetables I think were $2 extra and were not a substantial portion for the price, but I wanted to feel somewhat healthy that day and would probably continue to order it here - prices are pretty low to begin with already, so I guess it wasn't that bad. Our server was very attentive and I'd definitely come back next time the craving hits.
4	Absolutely love curry and what makes this better is its Japanese curry! Totally reminds me of my grandmas cooking and its such a compfort feeling. The staff here are super friendly and quick service. The venue is a little small but that is the only downside. parking lot can get kinda full but people are always coming and going so your bound to find a stall if your patient. If the restaurant itself is packed and your willing to wait you wont be disappointed on the quality, price or service of this place. So if you enjoy a good japanese curry and rice, get here!!!
4	My husband and I were famished after our unintentional fast during the day, and on a recommendation from a friend we came down here, and we are sure glad we did! Curry Zen is a very small space, but very clean and cute, and I couldn't have felt more welcome. The staff there seemed genuinely happy to serve us and make sure we were okay during our short visit, which cinched me wanting to come back here (if the food didn't already!). Both of us ordered the same meal - Tofu Cutlet Curry with brown rice, and added corn and added vegetables. The presentation of this is quite nice (although it's hard to make curry look appealing) and the taste was out of this world! Just the right amount of spice and it seems so rich but still with a light feel. The tofu cutlets were definitely the stars of the show and I hope they keep it on the menu because they were fabulous - lightly breaded and fried and just crazy delicious. The amount of corn (add on 50 cents for about 1/3 cup) was decent, however for a $2 add on of vegetables there was maybe half a cup in there and it was drowned in the curry sauce. I wish there was a bit more for the price offered. If you looked at the plate, you wouldn't have seen the $2 veggies except for a couple potatoes popping up from it. All in all though, both of us practically licked our plates clean and also were out of there in less than a half hour - it hit all the right spots! I will definitely be back although the price was a little up there for a vegan curry plate. However I will be adding it to my favorite vegan-friendly destinations and will think of this plate of deliciousness often!
5	Love this place! I am a huge fan of hole in the wall specialty Japanese restaurants (Monta, Ichiza, etc) so I decided to try this place out.Prices are super cheap, the dish is very filling, and extremely good! They even have a brown rice option if you are looking to avoid white rice. (Huge plus in my opinion.)Staff was super nice, and the owner (possibly also the chef?) even checked up on us to see if we were enjoying the food. I know sometimes people do not like Asian restaurants because of the service, but this is one of the only ones with great service. I would like to see some more items added to the menu sometime in the future so that when I get tired of gorging myself on curry I can still come and enjoy a meal. (Or even more options for dessert.)If you like curry, this place is a must go!
5	Friendly service, a pleasant n' cheery interior, and the most authentic tasting Japanese meal I've had since coming back to the States. The pork cutlet was delicious. I went for dinner on a Tuesday, and the place was empty, which makes no sense. The price and the quality of the food are fantastic. I also found out that they have wi-fi - maybe I'll return for lunch and get some work done, while enjoying some more of their yummy curry.
5	This place was excellent!The restaurant seats 18.  It was nice and clean and arranged so that there was enough personal space for each party.  The seats are even comfortable and no wobbly chairs or tables.  The waiter stands and watches to make sure you don't need anything.  We came around 2:30pm so if there was a rush we avoided it.  There were only 3 other people there.We had the chicken cutlet and the special of the day pork tenderloin cutlet and salads.  My grandma got the brown rice and I got the white rice.  The curry was really great - very good flavor.  The cutlet was amazing - tender and juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside.  I like they had spices on the table to adjust the heat level to your liking - I used the hot chili powder and mine was perfect.  My grandma enjoyed the tonkatsu sauce on her cutlet.  The pickles were also delicious and went perfectly with the curry.  They also had sliced almonds and raisins on the table but I didn't want to try that.The service was excellent - the staff was friendly and attentive.  The price was very reasonable (I think about $20 for 2 people with curry, salad, and beverages).  We will definitely be back.  I wish I lived by this place - I would be here pretty often.
4	An hour and a half of free time? 15 minutes away from UNLV? I've had Japanese Curry Zen bookmarked ever since having this midnight craving for Japanese Curry and this satisfied that craving... 1 year later. I opted for the Chicken Cutlet (my usual) and added some medium spices and it was delicious! Our Server greeted us, gave us the option to sit (there weren't many people there at the time, but was packed by the time we left) Friendly staff and good food will make me a fan any day
4	I actually lived in Japan for almost 3 years when I was stationed there for the US Navy. So I know a thing or two about Japanese Curry, as this is one of their most popular dishes besides Sushi. This place is authentic as it gets! It's run by a small Japanese family and gets real Japanese customers. (A great sign of authenticity with ethnic food)The inside of the restaurant is fairly small (reminds me of the small restaurants that are common in rural parts of Japan) The decor isn't fancy like other curry houses and not as nice. It's just a simple place to enjoy great food. The staff especially the guy who takes our order are especially nice all the time and makes sure to check up on all the customers often.The condiments are on the house, and I always load on the the pickled baby onions and curry powders. The flavor of the curry itself is perfect. I usually order the pork cutlet (chicken cutlet is a healthier option, and tastes just as good) with white rice, corn, sausage, and steamed veggies. They give you a very generous portion for the price, and I always leave this place fully stuffed and satisfied.
4	I had the pork tenderloin. Just breaded and fried. The curry was good. Nothing to rave about but good enough to take me back to it. For the price you pay for each dish, defiantly worth it.
5	The service and good here was very good.    The place is kind of  small but it gives me  the impression of how I would imagine a curry house in Japan to be.I ordered the chicken cutlet curry dish.  The curry sauce and the chicken cutlet went very well together.  The curry sauce had lots of flavor and a hint of spicy.  The chicken cutlet was cooked perfect.   It very juicy, crispy, and flavorful. The service was great.  The server was very attentive and checked on us a few times.  Even the chef asked us how everything was.Definitely my favorite local Japanese curry place to eat yet!  Check it out!
2	I've been having the ugliest craving for Curry House CoCo Ichibanya, but because the closest one is 263 miles away, I thought I'd save up on gas and try this place out. At Japanese Curry Zen, I experienced great service, just as many other reviewers have, but the chicken cutlet I ordered was dry and bland, and the curry wasn't anything extraordinary. I understand that CoCo's is a franchise and it wouldn't be fair to compare this local dine-in to it, but I've also had better curry at other local Japanese/Island restaurants for half the price.They DO serve a mini bowl, so if you just want to try it, go ahead and order that instead.
4	The Beef Curry & Spam Cutlet was tasty. I'll be back for some more.
4	Zen Curry hands down has some of the best customer service compared to a lot of other Asian restaurants in Vegas. While the size of the store makes it feel a bit cramped at times when it's busy, I can let it slide since whenever I eat there I always end up feeling a bit better than when I left.But let's get to the nitty gritty -- the food. I love curry and I'm not a stickler from where it comes from. Amongst all the places I've tried curry from (Thai Noodle House, Surangs Thai Kitchen, Mt Everest, Shuseki, and various Korean restaurants) I think Zen Curry's is my favorite. The curry itself has a nice density to it and the flavor always stands out. Combined with large portion sizes at a decent price, eating here won't break the bank.The menu itself is pretty simple (katsu, pork, steak) but they have a large board that has some specials in terms of what meat or addons you can get for your curry.
3	We happened upon this place as the intended restaurant in this plaza had a long wait.The curry dishes are super ala carte and only come with rice and your choice of meat or veggie.  But, the plus side is you can order a small portion of rice and order a bunch of add-ins, like croquette, veggies, egg, etc.  The flavor of the curry was rich and flavorful.  One each table, you can choose the level of spiciness you want, mild, hot, and extra hot by sprinking their custom peppers.  Go with the extra HOT!As a side note, the restaurant is really small, with only a handful of tables and a counter with 6 or so seats.Altogether, it did the job and we left satisfied.
4	I love all kinds of curry, so much so a few recipes I've burned out on we eat it so much. I needed to try something new into our curry rotation. The BF and I split our meat toppings of a pork katsu and a tofu cutlet. Pork katsu was crisp and still juicy (which a lot of pork katsus are not). Tofu cutlet was crisp, but still light and was of the silky/soft tofu variety which I much prefer over firm kinds. Curry itself was pretty decent though standard. It's solid for here, but not the best I've had though. I like all the garnishes they set on your table which some curry houses do not do...At least for me, I've never noticed raisins and almonds at other places. Not their fault, but I wish they had my favorite curry topping : an egg. It would really make me a fan. Something about curry rice and egg is perfect. We had the coffee jello which was nice, and refreshing to the palette after curry. Halfway eating the waitress asked if we would like more cream for the jello which was a small, but very considerate touch. Really, she was kind and attentive throughout. I'm a fan of this place for the humble service you come to expect from Japanese and feel It's a solid and quick lunch plate option.
5	Went here on a Sunday night for dinner. Upon arrival the inside is reminiscent of Monta. Small not many tables and a counter you can sit at. The menu contains sausage, pork, chicken, shrimp. Most of it is breaded and fried but they also have just grilled chicken and pork. Also the plates come with curry, obviously and rice.The food tastes amazing the curry flavor is really strong and tasteful. The sausages were my favorite and the fried shrimp.  The price is also a good plus for 2 people it only cost us $25. I would definitely return here.
4	Had the beef curry with white rice and it was delicious. There are various levels of spices on the table as well as sliced almonds and raisins you can add. Also decided to try a curry pan, again very good. The staff is friendly. The prices are reasonable. Just be aware that it is a very small restaurant, so you may have to wait.
4	Finally a good curry place where I feed my katsu addiction! There's just something about breaded and fried pork thats smother in a warm aromatic curry sauce that is so comforting. They have all the ingredients to have a successful delicious curry joint. Fried meats, a pretty tasty curry recipe, and limited seating (the longer the wait, the more delicious the food). The restaurant itself is very small, so it might not be the best place for large groups.
4	I ate here a week ago and can't wait to go back.  It is Japanese comfort food to me.  The restuarant is simple and to the point.  Every dish is served with rice, curry and a protein.  Most of the proteins are fried.  My favorite was the shrimp but also had the sausage and the chicken and liked them all.  I added the vegatables to my plate because I was looking for a little nutrition.   I wouldn't get the vegatables again as they were of the most boring, bland (possibly frozen from a bag) variety that could be found.  Very friendly service.
5	Love this place. Good Japanese curry.  Not CoCos but it will do :) (At least till I go back to LA)
3	Its alright. Nothing special. Just the sauce and meat.
5	Fantastic Japanese curry. Just like some of the better places in Japan. If you're like me, a typical American guy who got tired of all the healthy fish &  veggies in Japan, you've fallen in love with Japanese curry and the seemingly random assortment of available toppings. This place reminds me of the better curry shops in Japan, albeit without a ticket vending machine in front... Although I really wanted to try the spam katsu curry, I stuck with my traditional pork katsu & cheese curry. And the shaved almonds as a crunchy topping were fantastic. If you were right by my house, Japanese Curry Zen, I would need to move, because I'd probably eat there every day and gain 15 pounds the first month. Thank you,  though, for only being 15 minutes from home.
4	Truly hits the spot! The Chicken Cutlet Curry, Rice, Corn & Cheese combo is my go-to order. Portions are adequate although they could be a tad bit more generous, I think. I finish my meal in 10 minutes. It's that delicious! The meal is simple, served with a spoon. So convenient since I grew up using a spoon and a fork. Haha!The place is super small so big parties may be a bit hard to get in. I think 3 tables and a counter so plan ahead!
4	Very nice staff. Cute place. Very small and tight. Delicious food. Found hair in one of my meals. Asked staff about it, they apologized and made me a new dish and added tempura shrimp as compliments.
5	I have to say this place has the best home-made curry in town. I am here at least once a week and now the staff recognized me and will automatically put in the order for me once I walk in the door. All staff are very friendly and of course, the curry was delicious. Highly recommend!!
5	Right when you walk in you are warmly greeted. The waitress is super sweet and attentive.  I ordered the Curry with Pork Cutlets, Croquette, and Curry Pan.  I have never tried a curry pan but it looked good in the picture so I ordered it. My order was to go and usually other places put your freshly fried food in the to go box and by the time you get home it is all soggy.  The merry chef at Japanese Curry Zen was so thoughtful and makes sure he let's the fried pieces set and crisp before he packs it  so when you get home they are still absolutely delicious and chrisp. The order was meant to be my dinner but when I got home I just wanted a little spoon full of curry to try it out. I ended up eating my whole order right then and there! It was so good I had to finish eating everything! Man the chef knows how to cook. Curry master!!
5	Croquette/vegetable curry and coffee jello is so good! A little busy at lunchtime but I'm glad to see them get business.
5	I started this account just to write this review.I love Curry and have eaten many curry dishes even lived in Honolulu, Hawaii where CoCos was on top of my list, but compare to the service and taste.  I got a new favorite Curry House. Also I can't stopped thinking about this curry, considering it was my first time trying Japanese Curry Zen, 3 days ago. yes 3 days of thinking about it every time eat my home cooked meals(and I love what i make at home)So I went with my roommate Elizabeth L. (check out her review 5/13/13) to eat @ Monta Ramen(which was close by and is also pretty good) and after that we went to Japanese Curry Zen to order "To Go" for dinner because we were working that night and had no time to cook but once we got home we wanted to have a little nibble just to try and ended up eating it all. even though we were full from Monta Ramen. The staff and cooks are so nice and smiley. I guess you can say this isn't really a review but a praise and declaration that i will be going back there for more. =)Tried the Curry with pork cutlets and Curry Pan and Croquettes, I love my curry spicy and the sweet Miss who gave us our order packed lots of chili powder for me togo when I asked.
5	Like the ancient Chinese proverb says "it has grown on me like a colony of E. Coli".  After 3-4 visits I'm seriously digging this place. It's is relatively "healthy", delicious, fast and affordable. Not to mention that is one of the cleanest Japanese spots In the area. Menu is very limited with few protein variations of the same rice and curry plate. There are few toppings or add ons. I have tried chicken katsu and pork cutlet with croquette toppings. I really like the condiments: almonds, sweet onions and radish. You can also request brown rice as a side. I've tried the tofu dessert, also very tasty. Seoul Plaza has to be the one of the foodiest spots in the city. Add JCZ to the list.
5	Amazing Japanese curry! I could have it everyday.  Clean & courteus service. Affordable and delicious!
4	good comfort food.
4	While the space is tiny, it's full of character and attitude. (In a good way.) The food is simple, fresh and delicious while the service is friendly and polite.It's such a great (and inexpensive) alternative to the myriad of chain restaurants offering bland and unimaginative food on the Las Vegas Strip as well as suburbs.WARNING: Japanese Curry Zen is by no means going to transport you back to Japan, it does not offer an upscale dining experience, nor does it feature a famous chef. It will, however, delight you with a wonderful burst of flavors and simple authenticity. I'll definitely be back.
4	The curry here is great! It tastes like a true Japanese style curry.The price is decent, their menu is limited but that's because they're just a curry shop.This is a very tiny restaurant; seats about 15-20 people. So if you go with a big group you will have to wait. I ate here twice before and ordered the same thing; pork katsu curry.It's not too spicy and not too sweet so it's the perfect combo!If you want to make it more spicy, you can always add the spices that they have on the side of the table.The size of the curry is big & so is the katsu.If I'm ever craving curry, I'll definitely come back here!
4	Curry, anyone? When you first come here, you cant help but notice the little flyer that is encased in lexan plastic on the table and it is also on the back of the menu. What's on there is all the spices they use and what they are all about. I just sat down and just this info alone I am better for it because I just found out more info on the usual everyday spices I use on my food.Their menu is pretty simple. Pick your meat whether its Pork, Chicken, Beef, Sausage, etc. You receive your picked meat covered with their special curry they make from scratch along with white rice. I  couldn't make up mind so I chose the Beef but added Pork Cutlet and a Croquette. I shared this wonderful creation with my wifey and we were both impressed. The Pork was juicy and not dry at all. The Beef was soft and tender. As for the Croqette, I have never had it before so I don't really know how to describe it. It's basically a mashed potato cake with some vegetables in it. Service was spot on with everything from our order being correctly taken to refills to receiving our check and payment promptly being handled. This was one tip I didn't mind adding extra with the standard. Overall, just about everything was perfect except for the size of their place. It is pretty small and on really busy nights, you just might have to wait a bit. Oh well, you know what they say, sometimes good things come in small packages and this is one of them.
5	simple, and always perfectly made! if you like japanese curry, this place does it the best
4	With Rice Trax closed indefinitely, my wife and I needed a place to get our curry fix. When we found Yelpers raving about this place, we thought we'd give it a shot - and we're glad we did!The menu is very simple, because it doesn't have to be complicated. Pick a protein, pick white or brown rice, and enjoy the curry. My wife was pleased that they have tofu katsu, and I enjoyed the chicken. We both tried croquettes on the side, which were fine but ultimately took a backseat the curry awesomeness on the main plate. The proprietary spice blend is so delicious that they prepared a special card on the table explaining everything in it. I'm craving it now just thinking about it.The place was deserted when we arrived, which meant that the waiter stood at attention for the duration of our meal. It was a little weird, but at least it meant that it was never hard to get a drink refill. (Unfortunately, speaking of drinks, pop is served only in cans - no fountain.)Oh! And the price! This place is super-economical. I can't remember the last time I had a sit-down dinner for two under $30.Delicious, attentive and cheap. This place hits the trifecta and I can't wait to go back!
3	I have wanted to come to Japanese Curry Zen for some time now and finally went for lunch with a friend. I had never had Japanese curry so I didn't really know what to expect although I had seen some photos and honestly the dishes did not seem to aesthetically pleasing. But I had heard great things and my friend was always raving how good it is so I went with an open mind.I went with the chicken cutlet and the croquette. The taste was ok, but it definitely could've used some vegetables. Yes, they have corn, but something green would've been nice. It would've lent the dish some freshness too, I think. What with the rice, the croquette, the breaded chicken and the brown sauce, it just seemed kind of monotonous to me. The price is very reasonable, lunch was under ten dollars WITH TIP and the waitress was super friendly.
4	My first time eating Japanese Curry!I have to say, if one were to compare them to Thai, Indian, or other curries I've had in the past, Japanese curry seemed more bland and thick, almost like a gravy.They had plenty of seasoning shakers on the table though, so a few sprinkles of extra hot woke up the dish, and it was very enjoyable!We tried a little bit of everything here, with Cathy ordering the Pork cutlet, Chicken Cutlet, Kurobuta Sausage and Croquette for us to try. It was cooked well, with lots of juicy meat and great flavor in the breading. This place is super tiny, so not for the claustrophobic...but a great place to get some good eats for not much money!
5	Was recommended to this place by a friend and have found myself going very often . The food and service is great. Now that I moved out of state, I am going to miss this place.
5	Great place to go for Japanese curry.  Also, ya can't beat the price and service.  I will come back to this place....
5	Great rice bowls....A grade.....jap-hawaiian fusion. Coffee gello and Don katsu with red ginger and nori was good! I gotta try spam cutlet and mild curry my next stop. Great service by Natia!
4	Not a bad pit stop if you're craving some curry and don't have a ton of cash on you. It's a nice quiet tiny restaurant that you imagine in Japan and the host / watier was really friendly and polite. The menu is pretty limited with specials written on the board.The nice thing about this place is that they serve both white and brown rice and also can do half orders on rice for those who are cutting down on carbs. What I had to eat was the Pork Tenderloin Cutlet with Curry and Brown Rice + an additional Chicken Cutlet and Croquette. All of it was pretty good and the cutlets weren't dry at all. That with the combination of curry and rice makes the best comfort food after a long day!
4	Curry Zen is a very small restaurant that offers a small menu and will cost you a small amount of money. The curry is very tasty. I like all the spices and condiments at the table. The owner/chef(?) is very friendly and always asks us if we enjoyed it. :)
4	The chicken cutlets were cooked perfectly crisp, and the curry had the right amount of texture.  I love their ginger and japanese red pickles.  It's a lot of rice for my taste but +1 for serving brown rice!    All this for under $10 bucks.   I am a big meat eater, so I ordered an additional side of sausage and I was satisfied.  I might try to replace the rice with veggies next time.  The service was very quick and the server was very nice and attentive.
5	Good curry! great service! Ginormous portions! Easy on the piggy bank. It doesn't get better than that! I guess it's true what they say about hidden little hole in the wall's, they have the best food! My kinda place (^-^)
5	OMG, It was delicious.The curry was savory and not too spicy. I love the random toppings they put on the table to go with it for a little bit of crunch. Definitely great comfort food!Goes to show, that great things come in small packages!
5	Best curry in Vegas. Hands down. Tastes just like CoCo's Curry in Japan, with a hint of spice thats just enough to give it flavor, but not so much that you're dying. Definitely my new curry spot!
5	Super-delicious curry spot! Loved the small, easy-to-navigate menu (everything is based around one deeply savory, umami-packed curry with white or brown rice). I went with the Spinach Curry on the Specials board ($7) to keep my dinner light, but ended up getting enough food to take some home! I really enjoyed the extra curry spices put on the table that allow you to either change or accentuate the spiciness of your meal. Pickled ginger and onions added crunch and an acidic sweetness that made my affordable dinner an experience of flavors. Service was top-notch, and drinks/alcohol are super affordable. We'll be back!
4	The curry place that we were looking across the street was not open yet so we decided  on this place. Small corner shop probably enough for 15-20 people max! The menu is pretty basic. Curry, rice, and choice of meat. Don't expect anything else. The curry was really good tho. The service was good. Would definitely come back.
5	I have been searching for a curry place in Vegas that I would always enjoy love going to and I have found it at Japanese Curry Zen. Inside the restaurant is really small and calm, which can be desirable or undesirable, depending on the person I guess, but I don't really see it as a negative thing. The curry itself is very tasty. When you order, I recommend getting the chicken or pork cutlet. You can even order an extra side of meat or anything else with it because they give you ample curry for another piece of meat! They even have different spices and condiments on the table for you to add to your curry so your curry won't ever be boring!The owner always says hello and talks to customers when it isn't busy and asks if you are enjoying the food. That little bit of effort he puts to make sure everything is okay goes a long way.
5	This is such a little gem. The curry was perfect and I was so happy to see that we could add the spices ourselves. I wish there was fried egg on the add-on menu but the simplicity of it is what makes this Japanese Curry amazing. Service was amazing and it was great to see one of the chefs interacting with us. Will come back for sure.
4	Had the pork cutlet curry. Overall, better than average. Not the greatest but still better than normal. What sets them apart is the service. They're really accommodating, especially since we had a baby with us. Great service. The waiter, which we found out was the chef's son, got his friendliness from his dad.
5	I LOVE CURRY ZEN!I always get the tofu cutlet curry... crispy breaded tofu in their yummy rich and delicious curry sauce. You can have white or brown rice with the curry and can add a potato croquette on the side for extra tastiness.On our last visit we also tried the curry pan, which is bread stuffed with curry and veggies, covered in bread crumbs and fried. They usually run out of these by dinner time!The service is very friendly AND I was happy to see that they don't just leave the condiments out on the table all of the time... if it's hot out, they refrigerate them. Yay food safety!OH and the prices are extremely reasonable and I always leave super full. FIVE STARS FOR CURRY ZEN!
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Nothing.LIKE  The spinach curry. The chicken cutlet. The sides offered. The pleasant service. The close proximity to other local favorite spots.LOVE  Nothing.
5	Curry Zen is the jam!!  Best curry in the valley, by far.  Reminds me of the curry from home (Hawaii) and it definitely hits the spot when I'm jonesin'.  The place itself is a little small so it can get crowded in there.  However, sitting at the bar, I still have enough shoulder space to feel comfortable so that's usually my sitting spot.  I also love the pickled onion garnish and make sure to capitalize when I'm there.  The brown rice option is also a nice touch.  Definitely a good spot to get some quick curry grub and leave happy.  Next time, I'm going for the Curry Udon!!
5	Amazing curry, done Japanese style. Staff is very attentive, and all of the food cooked fresh to order. They do give you options on your spiciness level desired, I'm a wimp and do 1. My husband does a 7, and he loves the bracing kick it has. All of the fried foods are perfectly done, juicy when appropriate. The sauce is the best part of the meal, hearty and ultra flavorful. My fave place to eat in Vegas!
5	Yummy! I am an islander, so we cook with curry also but I have to say....Japanese curry has stolen my heart. It's so creamy and delicious. I can't wait to go back and have more. The service is also great! They are very attentive! This place has made me into a huge fan! Yay!
5	The best curry I've ever had! The place is small but this is a great thing cause the staff is so friendly that you feel like your eating at their dinner table. I had the chicken katsu and it was breaded just right not to mention it was super moist! I loved being able to spice up my meal with all the condiments options... not that it needed it but the option was great!
4	Quick Review: Tasty, home cooked curry flavor. Very simple dish, complete and friendly. Very mom & pop and not good for big parties. Tasty!Pros: Solid curry, tasty, mom & pop feelCons: Very small venue, seats 15 people total maybeThis is a quaint place, very small though so if you aren't lucky enough to get here when its empty, then you'll expect to wait a while. The menu is very simple, easy to decide among a few dishes. They do curry and just curry and it's done well. Not amazing but very tasty. If you get a level 5 spice, that's just above comfortable for some of us who love spicy. Just a warning.But there are essentially two tables for groups of 8, and a long "curry bar" that will seat another 8. So keep this in mind.If you want to eat off strip and want comfort food, this is a great place to be.
5	I've been hearing about how good this place is from my friends and all that, so I decided to go eat with them here for the first time ! Upon entering, I was amazed how tiny the place is. We were all greeted in Japanese and we were all seated at the counter seats. Luckily there were seats for all 6 of us because people had to wait to get seated because the place is pretty small.  The waiter was a super nice dude; his name was Yuta or something? Anyways, he had such a happy tone and he was really kind. The chef himself was a very nice man. I was surprised he was the only cook, but he had someone in the back preparing the rice and the plates. The inside of the place is pretty nice despite it being small. Apparently they changed the menu design and it looks way better now, but I've never seen the old one so whatevs. The counter had a plethora of lucky cat decorations and other cute Asian stuff. I couldn't stop staring at the Asian cat that's swaying back and forth with bells in its hand, yeahhh I get distracted easily. I ordered the chicken katsu and I switched it to brown rice instead of white and it was not even a problem. Needless to say, it was some damn good curry. Add some of the spices and condiments to it too, it became even more damn good. I wasn't feeling like eating curry too before I got my plate, but once I tasted all the exotic spices I added with the raisins, almonds, and the other stuff, man I was sad when the plate was cleaned. The only bad thing that happened was me dropping my spoon into the plate of curry twice. Other then that, I'm going to be getting some more curry, some Zen curry.
5	What a GEM! i love to eat here for many reasons. they owners and employees are genuine, thoughtful and sweet. the curry is delicious. the new menu has spice levels you can add to make hotter. I love the list of all of their spices. it explains many health benefits of curry spice. I even came here with a group of friends for my birthday back in May.  try the coffee jello, i like it with extra milk! i feel major inner joy when i think about zen curry.  this place is great even down to how they serve water--clean tasting water with perfect-ish square cubes. Please eat here, its for your health!
5	All I need to say is that I finished the entire plate. This place is simply AMAZING and they make to feel welcomed the second you walk in. They greet you, seat you, and serve the best japanese curry!
4	It was my first time coming to Zen and the place is small. I viewed all the reviews prior to coming here and knew exactly what to order. I ordered the chicken cutlet and rice adding shrimp with the corn and cheese and absolutely agree that the sauce is awesome! I just personally don't think that corn and cheese goes with the curry. The sauce is very tasty, spices were well balanced as well as the heat of the curry. I like the fact that you have an option to choose white rice from brown rice. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to those who love curry. This place is very inexpensive. The only con to the place is that they had there thermostat set to 80 degrees and it was pretty warm in there....
5	Omg!!  This is what REAL Japanese curry tastes like?!?!  Not the yellow pasty, grainy, raw curry in other Japanese restaurants. Almost like my Mom's!!!
5	Love the curry here, I always get the curry with spinach and a level 2. I tried level 3 and that was already burning in my mouth. I love that they make the curry fresh. And the owner, Mr. Zen, is an amazing, sweet man. He takes pride in his food and makes sure it's always right.
3	The staff here is great.  5 stars, no doubt.  But the selection on the menu is too limited, and the spice level does not correlate with other Japanese Curry places.  It's too spicy.  I orderred a level 5 and it definitely was closer to a lever 8.  So one less star for that.  And one star off because the steamed rice tased off.  It tasted like cheap rice.  Not sure how to describe it better, but I just recall thinking the rice tasted to ricey.  Like it wasn't washed? Or too much starch?I would love this place if it added a few things to the menu.  Like fried rice wrapped in omlette for starters.  Then menschi katsu would be great (planko breaded hamburger patty).  And a few extra add-ons to the curry dishes.
4	Curry Curry action! I decided too try another curry spot one that on radar just never hit yet. Really good! Not only was the Japanese Curry stayed true too japanese style curry but just from the whole decor inside and moment you step in. Me growing up in Hawaii japanese curry is common place in the islands. The first things that brought me back was soon as you walk in they great you in japanese like anything other japanese restaurant. The counter style action and the size or lack of size (four tables in the entire restaurant) so timing is everything here Japanese Curry Zen. I went odd time so missed the lunch crowd. Small business feel the owner busting out all the curry action and really appreciate your business. The little spices that can add too curry on the tables or counter. Curry done right!I ended up going with grew up with some chicken katsu curry with add on corn. The chicken katsu was perfect. It was nice golden crispy brown on the outside, moist cooked on the inside, and combine with japanese curry it was divine! Just wished they had some kim chee action on the menu. Still it was the perfect plate lunch action without the mac salad. Lol! They do have other choices for protein and other sides. Really menu not that big just simple, delicious, and all about the curry action. I know lot of options comes too curry but if want some authentic curry Japanese Curry Zen great spot. Small menu not much dessert just walk next door for some Snowflake action!
5	I love this place. You'll definitely feel the zen when you eat here! I lived in Japan & always wished there was a place in Las Vegas that was similar to taste & atmosphere to that of a Japanese Curry Shop & this is the place! The female waitress has top notch customer service & is very genuine and helpful! The curry menu has expanded & you can basically get traditional japanese curry to create your own type of curry! I would definitely recommend this place to any one looking for Japanese styled curry or is willing to try something new!
5	I love this place!!  I've only visited this place once, but my first experience was a pleasure!  Tiny restaurant, but clean and cute.  We were automatically greeted upon arrival by the cook and the server.  I tried the chicken tenderloin with extra sides (veggies, corn, cheese).  It was so damn good!!  I was so pleased by both the presentation of the dish and the taste.  I wish they had served more rice on my plate though.  On my next visit, I'd have to order an extra side of rice.  This place is a must see and must try!  Good food for such a good price!  Yummy!!
3	I had the Tofu salad very good loved the dressing & the Katsu-Don.I would go back very friendly & good service.
2	When is Debra going to learn? When you see the name of the food they serve in the name of the place, then that is what you should be ordering. I don't know when I am going to learn.I went with their dish that did not have curry. I can't recall the name right now but it was a pork katsu bowl with rice, eggs, seaweed and ginger. I loved the ginger in the bowl. Barely any seaweed. And the scrambled egg, was somewhere in between cooked and not cooked. No complaints from me though, I thought at first I can dig this. Then I had to dig out a piece of a hair that was embedded in my pork katsu. It was mixed in with the batter surrounding the pork and it never seemed to end. I didn't complain. I just pushed my bowl to the side and ate no more.Overall, I left feeling disgusted and sad. Even with the hair experience, me and my coworker said we would return but only to try to the Curry. I am not just not sure how fast that is going to happen for me.
4	I love Curry!This place does have decent curry and good chicken.IMO it is better than Curry house but I still like the Curry place inside Misuwa much better...Pro:1) good curry.2) rice is decent3) fry chicken is yumCon:1) slightly over priced in my option.2) no salad on the sideI will definitely go back again if I am in Vegas and crave for Curry...
5	Beware of their Spicy Scale... it's not rated for whiteys. I was craving some Japanese Curry and thought I've give this place a try. The joint is super small, but it's as authentic Japanese Curry house as you can get. The place does get busy, so plan your meals accordingly. I went with their Chicken Katsu curry and added vegetables ($2.00) and corn ($0.50). Not that I like vegetables, but it'd give my curry an appetizing color and consistency. The super nice Japanese server asked me how spicy I wanted it and I went for the hottest, free, spicy level (anything above level 5 spicy costs extra.) Unlike other Japanese curry houses I've been to, their spicy, is effin' spicy. I could barely eat 2 bites without downing a glass of water. I ended up eating 1/3 of my curry, since I drank 3 gallons of water. My whitey counterpart co-workers struggled with level 2 spicy. Overall the food was fantastic, service was great, and the timing couldn't have been any quicker. I would definitely come back here for my Japanese curry fix. My street creds:I first got into cooking & food when I was in college. After being rejected by numerous girls and getting zero action, I decided it was time for a change. I needed a new makeover to boost my geeky image. I applied for a cooking position at a Mediterranean-Italian Restaurant near my home and learned to cook all sorts of dishes. I never became a professional chef, but I continue to enjoy & love food. 9 years later and 55 lbs heavier, I have a new passion for traveling and trying different foods around the world.
4	What a great little place! The food is exploding with flavor..... be warned on the level of spicy heat you ask for! They offer 1-10, and charge for over 5.  For one who typically orders Thai Spice 7-9, I was shocked when it ordered a 3 here and broke a sweat! The dining room is very small with only 4 tables and a small eating bar. It reminds me of curry house in Honolulu.This is a must go!!!
5	The service was excellent, the pork katsu was perfect, and the curry was the best I have ever had. Be careful with the spice level! I love spicy food, so I ordered a 7 and was amazed by the heat level. It was still delicious and I was able to finish with no problem, but it was pretty damn hot. Love this place.
5	Let's say you're a guy who's trying to acclimate to spicy food and you get asked to pick from a spicy scale of 1 to 10. Obviously you need to aim for the lower end of the scale, but you don't want to do 1 since that's not going to help your cause at all. You could ask for a 2, but that just seems like you're being too cautious. So you call for a 3.After today, I'm going to avoid making that mistake again. That spiciness on my $9.45 curry with pork katsu + $0.50 corn definitely slowed me down compared to my companions. It didn't help that I initially assumed that the high temperature was the same thing as the high heat, so I kinda got a double whammy. However, I've gotta say that the curry was really hearty, the protein portion was balanced with the rice (brown, per my choosing), and the pickled radish provided in a little container at the table kicked some serious booty. The curry may have been a touch on the salty side, but I don't mind that too much.The restaurant itself is in a small space, but we didn't have problems getting seated at about 15 minutes after opening. I also appreciate that they have nice jazz music to help you relax as you're dripping sweat, as well as sufficient water refill checks. This certainly is worth a trip no matter where you are in the valley if you get a craving for curry, and it's serendipitous that it's right next to a great dessert spot so that you can cool down afterward and really get into that state of zen. Or at least that's what I ended up having to do.
5	Amazing little place to eat. Great people who give great service. I've become a regular and they truly care and get to know their customers. I highly recommend it!
4	By the far the best curry so far, that I've had. Compared to Kaba, this place has better food.
5	While we haven't tried the other japanese curry place Zen Curry is the bomb! My family and I fell in love with this place from day 1. It's affordable and oh so yummy! Must not be high in sodium cause it doesn't raise my grandmas blood pressure like the ones you make at home from the box. It may be quick and easy, but packed with sodium! We always leave Zen Curry wanting more despite being full :D
5	Japanese curry is different from your typical Thai curry. Don't expect it to be spicy, but expect your curry to be hot and fresh from this tiny restaurant. I always order the chicken cutlet. I like it because the chicken always has a clean feeling to it compared to pork. They use white meat too! The sauce is thick and flavorful, and it's a great cure for a hangover. This restaurant is reasonably priced because the food has good quality. The rice is not cheap and mushy. I love it. Their staff here is always friendly and humble. They seem to enjoy what they do. I love seeing happy workers. I have big hopes for this restaurant, and so far they've been really consistent. I am a regular. Lastly they have free wifi.
4	Over-rated, but solid curry. The prices are ok, not great, and the selection is lacking. But they make a good signature dish, the fried chicken curry.
5	It's a very small place but the curry was very good. I'm normally a level 3 gal at most curry restaurants but this level 3 tasted like what I'd expect a level 8 to taste like. It was very very spicy. For my 16 month old, I got the curry pan and it was very very good. He ate all of it and nearly licked the plate clean. We ordered croquettes as a side order and they were great as well. We will definitely be returning.
4	Fresh and good for this style of curry. Everyone super nice. Number 3 is like a 5 for spicy and my mouth was still on fire.
5	There are basically two dishes: rice and curry with your choice of meat and a pork rice bowl. Also, there are only a handful of tables and some counter space at a no-frills location in a strip mall. And yet look at all of those five-star ratings... I suppose when you do both of those items perfectly at bargain prices, you have earned your five stars. I am a huge curry fan. And with that said, Japanese Curry Zen knocks it out of the park. Hell, I do not even care for breaded meat most of the time, yet both the chicken we got in the curry and the pork in the rice bowl were superb. Both dishes are incredible. My only concern is that the place is too small for all of the curry lovers in this valley.Pro Tip: The spice levels here are no joke. They range 1-10. I love spice, but am usually a little hesitent when trying a new joint. I went with a conservative 4 and it knocked me on my toosh!
5	Ever since I moved back to Vegas, I've been on a search for some good Japanese curry. This place is definitely a winner and will now be my go to place. I got a small chicken katsu curry and added a croquet. In all honesty, the small was plenty enough. I do recommend adding some other stuff since a small is about 3.50, it's forsure worth it. My friend added some cheese, which was also pretty good.I thought it was kind of weird that you have to pay extra to make it spicier.The place in general is pretty small, so definitely avoid the lunch rush hours. Another plus? It's right next to snowflake shavery so don't stuff yourself too much and grab dessert after.
4	Basically a different type of curry place... Just plain curry sauce with your choice of meat.... I like it....
3	Had Indian,  Chinese,  korean, Taiwanese, Malaysian,  Japanese curry before and this place is where you come when you're homesick with mom or dad's curry. Nothing really special but special in some ways, such as adding extra toppings like cheese, corn, extra meat, veggies for extra cost and being able to choose how spicy you want your curry. 1~4 is low and 5~10 is high. Croquettes are really good though. Be sure to order your plate with at least 2 extra toppings, plate looks boring without it. Price for what you get seems little on top.
4	Partied too hard?  You know, dinner, ultra lounge, casino gaming for pre-gaming, a club, an after hours club.  Mobile filled with numbers of people called "the hot one", "the hot hot one", "the hottest one".  Enter Japanese Curry Zen; cure for a hangover and tragically lighter money clip.The dish is simple.  Rice with plain curry topped with mostly deep fried goodies.Ordering:1.  Choose the size:  small $3.75, regular $5.95, or extra rice plus $1.00.2.  Choose the heat level (this is Japanese not Thai.  J-Level 10 = T-Level 4 AND the taste is altered).3.  Select toppings (braised beef, chicken, pork or tofu katsu, deep fried shrimp, potato croquette, or vegetables); $2.00 - $6.50.4.  Done.Typical Japanese curry (viscous, vegetable base with a complex, aromatic blend of Indian spices and a gentle heat).  No coconut milk, no painful chilies in the mix.  Everyday quality short grain white or brown rice.  The braised beef, tender, fall apart goodness.  The fried items, crunchy on the outside, correctly cooked on the inside.  The veg, cooked to death, very soft and lending their flavor to the mix.  A single order of any topping is enough to fill most up.  Typical offering of pickled veg and raisins at the table.Multiple visits, very consistent.A simple meal, done right.
3	The food here is really good, the presentation needs a little improvement... I would come back for the food though...
5	I love this place even better now that I can get my curry spicy, instead of just adding the spices they have on the tables
2	Sadly, I have to update my Curry Zen review. On our last visit, we were treated really poorly by the staff and it really soured me on the restaurant overall.We arrived in the evening when they were pretty busy but there were two empty seats at the counter. The waiter who sat us asked US if anyone was before us in line for a table- um, how should we know? There were two guys hanging around outside but they could have been waiting for take-out or something else, and it's not my job to keep track of your customers for you. Also I just got here?So anyway, he sat us and took our drink order... and then suddenly remembered that there WERE other customers in line for a table and made us get up and leave. I was completely appalled at how unprofessional and absurd this behavior was. We were seated and had our order taken! He kind of acted like we did this on purpose, too, like we were trying to sneak ahead of the other customers. It was just gross.Even if I still lived in the area, I would never eat at Curry Zen again. One bonus star for being yummy and introducing me to Japanese curry, which I've since enjoyed at several other restaurants.
4	Heard good things about this place, so I wanted to check it out for myself.  Enjoyed the Chicken Katsu Curry and added Kurobuta Sausage to it.  The curry had the right texture and flavor, while the portion was just right as well.  The Chicken Katsu was nice and crispy.  You can tell great care is taken in making the curry.  Service was good and everyone was friendly.  It's not a big place so get there early or take it to go.
4	Saw a friend bookmarking this place so I sent him a message through Yelp; one day later, I am here at Japanese Curry Zen with my sis and friends. The moment I sat down, I noticed right away how clean the table was. It was so clean and shiny, it glistened under the fluorescent lighting. They have a very limited menu consisting of several fried meat/protein options to go with your rice curry. I got to taste the vegetable curry, chicken and quail curry as well as my dish, the tofu curry. I think my favorite is the vegetable curry since it was the most flavorful out of the three. I also tried the coffee jelly and loved it! All of the items we ordered were very very delicious and well deserved the high ratings from everyone. Come here if you're in the mood for some comfort food. Don't forget to try the yellow (medium spicy) spice mix on the table. It smelled so darn good I wish I could take the whole bottle home.
4	Japanese Curry Zen. I've never eaten Japanese curry before, so I decided to try it for the first time at this highly-rated establishment. The photos of white rice and brown curry on plain white plates did not stimulate my appetite (slightly unappetizing looking), however, those 150 Yelpers before me could not all be wrong. For our late lunch, we shared a regular-size order of rice and curry (spice level 0) with the 5 piece Kushi Curry option. I'm not sure of the "right" way to eat curry, so I mixed together the rice and curry slurry and dug in. Mmm. Wow, it's really very yummy, a fantastic combination of spices. The skewers of fried goodies were all pretty good too. I really liked the potato croquette. It was something like mashed potatoes rolled in an egg mixture and coated with panko, then lovingly lowered it into the deep fryer. The panko-coated fried quail eggs were slightly rubbery and had a green-grey tinge around the yolk, but no biggie. Most people boil the heck out of eggs. Yelp did me right. Thank you! *Low prices *Filling, low-brow tasty Asian fare*Nice service*Tiny hole in the wall with a few bar stools and (three?) small tables, so try to come at off-peak meal times. The tables seat four, so when a group of six came in, they stood in the middle of the restaurant and watched the two parties of two eat their food. Awkward! I wouldn't mind some breathing room to scarf down my lunch... :P
4	You can get all your curry craving needs taken care of here... the title says it all.  I got the chicken cutlet curry, (so typical) but paid the extra few bucks for the vegetable curry.  I like that you can add in whatever you want to your dishes a-la-carte.  My roommate added the croquet and corn and cheese to her chicken curry, went all out on that shiz.  You also choose your level of spicyness.  Levels 1-5 are free, levels 6-10 are extra.  I got the level 3 thinking it was like a 3/10, mild.  It was actually pretty spicy!  I had to take breaks and I was chugging a lot of water.  I cannot imagine what the 6-10 tastes like.  Next time I will get the 2 for sure.  Condiments galore... everything you need is right in front of you.  I like to add tons of scallions and pickled radishes to my curry.  I will definitely be coming back, especially cus the weather is cooling down.
5	This man has his business under control!  The menu is simple, space is limited, and the food is consistently delicious!  I had the Kushikatsu (Zucchini, Chicken, Quail Egg, Shiitake Mushroom).  The curry flavor is difficult to explain without instantly craving it again.  Quality is second to none; food is hand made by one man with love and a caring staff who support this restaurants mission.  I would absolutely recommend this to anyone who appreciates food.  Service was a plus, as it was outstandingly fast and courteous.
5	WOW- this place is yummy!Great curry!  Great fried food.  Even the sausages are super tasty.  You really can't go wrong with anything you order here.
5	Delicious! I heart Japanese curry, and though it's so easy to make it also goes great with everything! This place is super tiny and challenging if you're opting to accommodating a large party, but the food is homestyle goodness. I ordered the 5-piece kushiage. So I got: quail eggs, chicken, shrimp, shiitake, and zucchini, fried on a stick all smothered with curry. I also added fried spam on top. No it's clearly not for the health guru, but it's definitely for the hearty! Their spice level is from 1-10. I was a little worried so I went for level 4, but I wish I went atleast to 7. It's not as spicy as Japan's curry so don't be afraid!
5	This place is FANTASTIC if you're looking for Japanese curry.  I've been coming here for the last few months at least once a week.  The place is a little small, but intimate... i personally like that.  The Chicken Katsu or SPAM katsu with spinach curry is amazing!  chicken is moist and tender and the aromas from the spices they use are to die for.  If you like SPICY  this is the place (Ranging from 1-10).  HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!
5	Best Japanese Curry in Vegas, and possibly in the US.  I have tried a lot of Japanese curry across the country, and nothing taste quite like the home made curry sauce at Curry Zen.  My personal favorite is the Kurobuta (sausage) curry with a side of croquette.
5	Chicken Katsu and home made Croquettes were amazing for lunch today.  Placed was completely full, ambiance was wonderful, quiet, CLEAN, and fast service.  Chef was very friendly today and came around the other side to meet and greet all of us while he had a few minutes down time.  Food was absolutely delicious....and the meal was under $20 too!  Spice level 4 was perfect; I could do 5 next time just to see how spicy it can get.  There's something I like about the simplicity of the menu and the food; yet the food flavors' are complex as they come...can't beat it!
4	One of my wife's favorites. I am a fan of the curry with basically anything. Japanese curry very different then other curries. Still amazing though.
5	Was looking for a late dinner place in Vegas.  I didn't want to do the typical Vegas Strip restaurant and wanted somewhere off-strip.My group saw this plaza nearby and decided to check it out.  Checking Yelp, Japanese Curry Zen had very high ratings (highest in the plaza) so it must be good and decided to check it out.When I first went in, a larger group was eating inside and noticed the only seating spots available were at the counter.  I was greeted with the "irashaimasae!" (welcome in Japanese) and was very pleasant to hear.I ordered the tender pork katsu with a spice rating of 3 which was medium spice.  My wife ordered 5 and it was a little on the spicy side.  Generally if you are novices to curry, I would recommend a 2.The tender pork was indeed tender and cooked very well.  The curry had a thickness to it and wasn't watered down like some places... it had a good spice kick to it and hands down was one of the best curry I ever had.Their prices were reasonable and the owner is very friendly and was very humble.He did mention that they are expanding the restaurant to the now vacant spot next door, so come January/February they will have more seating capacity.If you are in need of some awesome Japanese curry or something different than the average Vegas Strip restaurant, check this place out!
4	Place is unassuming simple menu based on Japanese Curry good price.
5	The concept of Zen is something I've never given much thought to or belief in.  It sounds nice and all (understatement of the year?), but frankly I'm too concerned with work, beating the next level of Candy Crush (427!), and watching every minute of every NFL game possible to give any time towards self-meditation.   Total enlightenment can wait, the Browns vs Jaguars is on the NFL Network.   Who would have known I would take the first step towards this total enlightenment in the form of an hour lunch break at a curry joint on Spring Mountain?Holy Buddha is this curry legit!  The broth contains more spices than Snoop Lion's tour bus, and each has health benefits if you're to believe the back of the menu and table displays.   I believe! The first time I went with what Tetsuro P proclaimed to be the best item there which was the pork cutlet.  I also added spinach and requested brown rice.  Each and every piece of pork was perfectly cooked, juicy and flavorful.   The spinach sopped up lots of the broth and the combination of all the components on the plate was a revelation.  Even better, they provide several additional fixings at no cost including raisins, almonds, and some japanese pickled veggies.   I tried incorporating each and every one in different ways and I'm not exaggerating when I say every single bite was delicious.  You couldnt mess this broth up if you TRIED.  Next time I'm bringing some durian and gummy bears and dropping them in and seeing what happens.   Odds are it'll still be delicious.   On the 2nd visit I tried the Beef, and it was as good as I expected even if I preferred the pork cutlet overall.   As an added bonus the service is incredible.   Greeted warmly when I enter, making sure no drink or side is ever empty, and a gracious goodbye upon exiting.   It doesn't get any betterWhen I think back upon my two incredible experiences here, I now find myself sometimes staring blankly into my computer screen at work, mouth watering from the thought of this wonderful restaurant.  Mind and body united in want of curry drenched pork cutlet.   Total enlightenment achieved.
4	I was going to call this place a little hidden gem... but with over 170 reviews for a random curry house off the strip, I guess enough Yelpers have found their way over.  I went here with the bf's family before hitting the road home from a weekend in Vegas.  It is super tiny (luckily we got there before a second family, who had to go somewhere else due to lack of space).  I ordered the curry with tofu.  Others had pork, some with vegetables in the curry, and all with brown rice instead of white.  I love that they have that option.  The portions are HUGE!  My tofu was nice and crispy (I'm not pretending that's the healthier option, since "crispy" doesn't mean healthy, I just like tofu), and the curry was so flavorful and thick.  Everybody swept their plates clean!
5	Delicious! Really excellent curries,  with a good number of selections. I'd suggest keeping your spice level below a 7. I normally like spicy food,  and the 7 was just at the edge of my tolerance!
5	Japanese Curry Zen was a pleasant surprise for my group and I on our last trip to Vegas.  My group has come to the conclusion that they add crack to their curry sauce.  The first bite is nice and flavorful; however, as you continue downing your meal, you find yourself becoming more and more addicted with each bite!  It doesn't really matter what meat/vegetables you order; it is definitely the curry sauce that makes the meal here.  Thinking about the curry right now while writing this review is making me want to go back to Vegas just to have some more of it. Yum!Note: Their curry spice levels are pretty spicy in general; two people in our party ordered level 3 (out of 10), and they already thought that was pretty spicy.  I ordered a 5 and was sweating quite a bit by the end of my meal as well.Another note:  The place is pretty darn small, so don't be surprised if you end up needing to wait a little bit to get a seat!
5	I love this place, I told my friend I had an urge for Curry and she suggested this place.  This was her go to place and I can see why.  Its only sad because Seattle doesn't have an establishment like this.  Anyways, during my trip, I came here twice and was blown away by the curry.  The heat rating system was new to me since it went it to 10.  I had 7 twice and might actually bump up to 10 next time!  Both times, I got vegetable curry with some sort of protein.  My favorite would have to be the beef since I like stewed meats.  This with the sides of almond slivers, pickles veg.  I feel refuel and  ready to tackle the Sin City again.
5	Every time I am in LV, one of my meals will be here. Tasty, clean and fits my meal budget.  You got to try it for yourself.
5	UPDATED - they have expanded since I wrote this review (reason why I rated it a 4 versus 5). Plus!I came across this place when the wait next door at Monta was too long and I must say I am glad I decided to eat here. The curry is amazing and I like that they give you the option to get brown rice. Spice level is 1-10 but don't be fooled. I usually love spicy food  and even when I get food with a spice level from 1-10 (for instance thai) I get a 7. But here, I get 3. I knocked off a star because the seating in this place is minimal. I usually go here for lunch as it's right across from work but I try to arrive a little early. Also, the portion size is great and the price is affordable for lunch!
5	I love this place! This was my second go at Japanese curry (the first being at CoCo Ichibanya in CA) and it was delicious. I came right around when 11am their opening time. It was a small restaurant so as usual I ordered carry out. I had the chicken cutlet with a potato croquet, vegetable curry, and cheese. When reading the menu I forgot to add in the level of hotness that I wanted but I think I was given #1 since I didn't mention it. When I got it home I was pleasantly surprised at the nice amount of vegetable curry I was given. Everything was so good that I regret not taking a photo of it before I dug in. After finishing I had a good amount of curry left that I ate it the next day on some homemade rice. Can't wait to visit here again!
5	This place was fantastic. Some of the best Japanese curry I've ever had. Though, I would say that a 4 on their heat scale is maybe hotter than I would have thought a 4 would be ;) Get one of the croquettes: they're perfectly crisp on the outside and delightfully fluffy inside.
3	By throwing out 3 stars, I don't want to say it wasn't tasty. I want to say I don't understand why breaded pork is around $9 on the bottom end, and $13 on the alternative top end. We sampled the tender pork curry with extra vegetables as well as the tonkotsu bowl. Just those "2.5" items registered just about $30. I think that's kind of unreasonable for essentially two pieces of breaded meat + rice.So, price aside - it was pretty good. The curry had a thick consistency with good flavor. The breading was average. Rice was rice. Vegetables were vegetables. Between the standard pork in the tonkotsu bowl and the $4-extra tender pork, we genuinely could barely tell the difference, if at all. This was not a good thing. The pork was fine and all, but I think there should be a greater difference. It took a while to get the order out, and I think they take some extra steps to produce their curry so it makes sense.Overall, I'm just not that impressed with it all. It's expensive and I feel their efforts don't result in the fruits of distinction they are hoping for.
5	I was literally dragged here for lunch by Curry Zen addicts, and I now know why it is so addictive. I have always been ambivalent towards curry, but the Japanese curry served here transcends traditional american food palates, and the 1 to 10 heat scale curry options makes it safe for even the most delicate of  tasters. So delicious. One of our party was allergic to peanuts, and as they use peanut oil, was unable to eat. Our waitress was OUTSTANDING and I thought she would literally cry that she couldn't serve her, but accommodated our friend in every possible way. Service was far and above anything I would expect and the food was excellent.
5	This place is awesome! Great food and service! It's a little far away from me but it's worth the drive.
4	I am definitely a fan, my friend from the Bay Area yelped this spot so he wanted to have dinner here. Immediately as we walk in we notice how small the dinning area is, probably only capable of seating 15 dinners or less. I swear I think the it was the size of my bedroom, haha! However, there were only a few other patrons since it was a Monday night. I wasn't too hungry so I ordered the croquet with corn while my friend had the chicken katsu, corn with cheese. We both enjoyed our meals very much so and particularly liked that there was a slight hint of spice in the curry. The croquet was pretty standard so I couldn't complain there. The prices are pretty cheap too, most menu meals were under $10. So if you are on a budget I definitely recommend this place. I liked my first visit so much I had been craving this place days after so I came back a week later with a different friend. We came in on a Sunday night and since this place is so small, it was packed! There was a "waiting list," but I guess those people didn't like standing outside so I think they just left. Initially she was kind of iffy about trying another Curry place since she's had the legit ones in Hawaii and she recently tried Kaba Curry's original location on Charleston and wasn't a fan. I glad she was pleasantly surprised! We had both ordered the chicken katsu with corn. Yum I must say and I also like the fact you can order brown rice which makes it feel a bit healthier. A major downer is that everything is FRIED, except the beef curry stew. The menu is definitely minimal and they should consider expanding and adding options like omelet or loco moco.
5	The place is a bit small but the food is absolutely delicious and the staff is great. If you love spicy curry than this place is a must try! Spicy levels range from 1-10.
5	There is a big sign on the front window "...something, something.. **HOMEMADE CURRY**" ...Seriously... No lie!  The restaurant is not big at all and can maybe sit 15 people at a time.. but after hearing about how good this "hole in the wall" joint was through co-workers, I had to try it for myself. I was greeted immediately and traditionally (well.. it sounded pretty Japanese to me) and seated at the bar. I noticed the menu was a "build your own" style and decided on the chicken and vegetable katsu level 6 spice.I was served a perfect sized portion of food that was unbelievably delicious!!! ..All I can say is.. Very clean curry.. perfectly fried katsu.. Authentic homemade flavor! Highly recommended for all you curry lovers! ..S.C.A.
4	Great authentic curry joint. Oishi! Reminds me of Coco's curry in Japan, with it's yellow and brown color scheme. The Pork Katsu was a little tuff, could have been tenderized a little more but the flavor of the curry was spot on and spice level 5 was just right not to hot not to mild. The restaurant is fairly small though so don't plan on bringing a big group here. Perfect if you're by yourself cause you can pull up to the bar and put down some rice and curry. Parking is ruff in this little shopping center, I think there are more restaurants than parking spots, so you may have to loop around a couple times or take a chance parking on the street or better yet just get it to go...
4	Finding a decent Japanese curry restaurant is like finding a four-leaf clover.  It's like picking the winning numbers for the Powerball lottery.Playing the perfect hand of poker.Or finding jeans that don't ride up your crotch...Japanese Curry Zen is good curry.All the more surprising cause it's in Las Vegas.Run by real Japanese!Eat their curry.  I recommend slathering it on their 16 grain rice.Then let the waistband of your crotchless jeans loose.Did I say that in public?
4	Just the way I remember the curry houses in Japan.  An intimate setting with name your spice level.  Even with the expanded dinning room the chef is no further away than a dinner party at home.  If curry is not your thing you won't find alternatives. The menu is just straight to the point.  Having said the 8 year old in our dinning party was quite content with the chicken cutlet and rice, hold the sauce.  Go figure.  My pork cutlet level 4, met my curry craving with high marks. Now to work my way up the ladder of heat. 1-9.  A 4 got my nose running lol.  2-3 level should be fine for medium fans.  The staff said the difference between 4 and 5 is more than the other steps.  I'll bring some tissue and take them up on that on the next visit.
5	I love this place so much. The serving size is perfect to get me filled up. I always get the chicken Katsu curry with cheese. The food is phenomenal, it definitely is homemade. Also the owner is always working and is the main reason your food is amazing! Great guy with an authentic restaurant that makes you feel happy when you arrive and when you leave.
5	This place is the balls
4	I love me some Japanese curry, so finding a delicious one is key.My boyfriend and I used to go to a Japapnese curry place in Manhattan a lot during the few months that we lived there called Go-Go Curry. They perhaps had the best Japanese curry I had ever tasted, so when we left NY, that was one of the few restaurants we thought would be hard to replace, until we found Zen Curry.Now, the flavor is pretty spot on to our favorite curry joint in NY, only suggestion for Zen curry would be to add a little shredded cabbage to the plate. You'd be amazed what that added texture will do for the overall experience.This place is definitely my favorite in THIS city!
5	Never mind the small location (which has since been renovated from the size of a broom closet to the size of the coat closet... Lol). It's all about that dreamy sauce. Put it on a shoe, I'd be tempted (only briefly), but ladle it on a piece of perfectly crisp and succulent chicken or pork and it's curry nirvana for me (Japanese kind, not any other kind). If I could I would eat here twice a week but I have to settle with once a week (when I can). Everyone who I've brought here (I myself was brought too) has since returned in the same week they went the first time. IT'S THAT GOOD
5	I went last wed after I got off of work.  The place was very quiet and clean.  The server was extremely nice and the cooks were super awesome.  I took my food to go.  They were very fast and they have a great selection of toppings and the curry has a great flavor which is absolutely perfect.  This is the curry place that I will go for my curry fix.  By far the best curry place in vegas.
5	Love this place for Japanese Curry.  Food is always consistent.  Service is friendly and fast.  Owner is cool, always seems to appreciate your business.  My boyfriend and I have tried lots of curry places in Vegas and LA area (he lives there), but this place has the most flavor and is the best curry we have yet to come across.  Just wished they had a non deep fried meat option, example grilled chicken.  Cause I always crave curry but can't eat deep fried stuff that often, health reasons. :)
5	Undeniably the best curry dish I've ever had. Food is cooked to perfection. Chef and wait staff are pleasant.This is a must try even for a newbie.
4	So, came here today in craving for curry pan.  I have looked high and low for great Japanese curry pan and I think I found it here.  The pan was almost as good as the one I get in Little Tokyo in LA.  I also like their croquette too, not greasy at all... delicious.  I also tried their pork katsu curry and the curry was excellent.  They have great customer service and now I have a place to get curry pan when I have the craving.  Come check this place out if you love curry.  Happy yelping xoxoxoxox
5	First and only curry place. Everytime I take one of my friends here, they're floored by how great it is. I always get chicken katsu with koroke (croquette) and add a lot of chili pepper and almonds in it, but recently since they just expanded they don't have the almonds or raisins... I hope it's not gone forever. But yeah, this place is a must go.
5	I did not know Japanese Curry existed. Here's what happened: about 150 years ago the British started bringing Indian spices into Japan, Japan liked his they tasted and local families started making their own recipes. So what happens at Zen is that you get a family recipe. It's a unique blend of healthy spices (listed on a small menu - together with their benefits).Ok so here's how it works: what you see on the illustrated menu is exactly what you get.- with the added value of taste buds awesomeness. No frills, no fancy decoration. Rice is white, curry is brown. Flavor is insane.I tried a handful of "hotness" options and have to say that the hottest is totally bearable. They use different varieties of chili to obtain heat throughout the scale and a nice amount of Habanero in their hottest sauces (hence the redder coloration). Perfect blend and amount. Never too much - always enough to feel it and love it.Now - I'm not the type who goes out for dinner seeking an ambience, I don't care. I want my joints to be clean and mainly I want them to provide a fantastic food experience. Zen is pretty straight forward: don't pick this place if you're trying to impress a date with fancy stuff, maybe try Chinese at the Bellagio's Jasmine. Lights are bright at Zen, bill is super reasonable, staff is awesome, chef is great and food tastes better than a wish.Since mouthful #1 I would have kept going, going, going....Loved it!X.
5	Glad this place is getting more recognition. Nothing fancy schmancy about this place. Very simple yet clean decor. Serves traditional Japanese curry. But...Undoubtedly thee best curry I've ever had the pleasure of eating. Their curry is just bursting with flavor, and you can taste all the spices that they incorporate into it. Oishii! Their pork katsu and fried shrimp have always been perfectly crisp as well.Their service is always superb and accommodating. Arigatou gozaimashita!Family run business that are just awesome people. I will always make a trip to this joint whenever I'm back in town :)
5	Came here last night for dinner with the bf and so glad we decided to have Japanese curry. First impression:Place looks new and has a simple and clean decor. Very welcoming ambience. Service:Service was swift and good. No doubt my suspicion tells me the restaurant is trying to get you to vote them to get in Las Vegas Best for 2014 (you see the sign on each table asking you to vote) but I got a feeling service here has consistently been good. The staff was very accommodating when I made a last min change to my order. Score. This place seems to be family-owned and the staff are all Japanese. I love how the staff is very attentive to your needs. Reminds me of mom and pop restaurants in Tokyo. Now this is what I called great customer service. Food:I got the pork katsu curry at level 7. It was superb, you can really taste the complexity of spices in the curry and the pork katsu was hot and juicy, you can tell it came out fresh from the deep fryer. I wish mine was spicer though, but that's because I love spicy food. They have levels from 1-10. Level 6 onwards, there's an additional charge of 20 cents. My bf had chicken katsu curry at level 2 and it was sweet. We pretty much polished off our plates. Also, there's no extra charge for switching to brown rice, another win in my book. I've bookmarked this place. A definite visit for me whenever I'm in town! Go and check this place out, you can thank me afterwards. :)
5	I love this curry I love this curry it's yummy yummy in my tummy!This place has expanded! It users to be a little place but glad it is growing popularity.
5	Just came back from lunch here. It was totemo oishii desu yo! I had the pork katsu and croquette. The waitress told me the portions weren't that big and I was really hungry so I got the croquette too, but now I am very full and happy.  I paid $15.08 with tax for the pork katsu, croquette ($2.00), and thai iced tea ($2.50). The food came out pretty quickly. The service was prompt and the owner came out and checked on us to make sure everything was good. The pork katsu was crispy fried on the outside but still tender on the inside. The curry tasted as if it were home made and I suspect it is, unlike other places in town which openly state that they use a curry base that I could easily buy at the store and make myself (i.e. the curry place in the food court adjacent to Clark County community college). There was a lot of curry sauce which I like to sop up with my rice. You can get different levels of heat 1-10, everything about a 5 though there is a surcharge for. I asked for level 5 and it was a little hotter than I would have preferred but that's what i get for asking for a 5. I assumed that as Japanese food is generally not known for heat a level 5 would be about a level 2 in a thai food place but I was wrong. It was still really good and whew... my sinuses are cleared at the moment. I also liked that they give you condiments, I love condiments, they provided pickled radish which was not too heavy on the vinegar and had a really good flavor, onions that had a little beat of heat, almonds, and raisins. Also, tonkatsu sauce and extra hot chili powder. Taking another yelpers suggestion I tried the almonds which added a nice crunchiness and texture to the dish. That is what I like to see a restaurant that has a relatively simple menu but does it well. If anyone has seen Jiro Dreams of Sushi, then they would understand you do one thing and you do it well and you always strive to do better - and if you haven't seen it definitely a must see. The dining room was small but modern and clean. Upbeat vibe. I would recommend for anyone who is up for some curry. In fact with so many great places to choose in the shopping center where Japanese Curry Zen is located there is no way to go wrong!
4	Located in the same plaza as Raku, Kabuto, and Monta, Japanese Curry Zen rounds out this wonderful menagerie of awesome eateries on Spring Mountain and Decatur. This place is a bit small so if you if plan on coming with a group of 3+ there might be a bit of a wait during rush hour times. The bar is better suited to single eaters or 2-people groups. Still a fun, casual dining experience.If you're doing curry, this place is a delicious choice! I ordered the base curry pork katsu ($9.45), with sausage ($2.50), corn ($0.50), and a spicyness level ($0.20). The pork katsu was perfectly crisp without being dry meat on the inside. Sausage was flavorful. Curry itself had depth and didn't taste like it came out of a box. Along with curry bread ($2), we couldn't get enough! Curry bread tastes like crack, but with curry and whatever magic is in there to make me salivate. Think pastry without the sugar and all savory goodness.Prices are okay. You can see how it runs up pretty quickly per person. They charge quite a bit for toppings. $2.50 for three tiny sausages? Base curry is just rice with sauce and a little bit of meat all for $8-$10ish and you're still expected to get toppings? It'd be a pretty plain curry otherwise. Not as cheap as pho, but it's still pretty savory and a nice change of pace. After all the add-ons between my boyfriend and I, the bill came out to be $35ish.Not exactly cheap for what you get, but hits the spot! Good place for a casual date night or hang-out with friends! We both left feeling pleasantly satisfied. You know food is wonderful and delectable when it stays with you on the ride home. (Well, obviously, because you just ate it.) But for instance, it just makes you feel happy like a cat on a lazy sunday.Would come here again!
5	I have been looking for good Japanese Curry for quite a few years. Curry Zen is exactly as I remember it. First the curry is delicious, and you can order traditional curry alone, or throw in some chicken, fried tofu, or even quail egg skewers on the dish. You can choose white, brown, or a multi-grain rice options along with the curry. They even have curry pan, which I look forward to giving a try next time I stop in. The restaurant was just recently remodeled, which has given it some more moving space, as the seating was a bit tight before. The folks who run it are very nice, and the service is good. This place fills my Japanese Curry urges hands down!
2	I do not understand the ratings on this place. I went there due to a really great rave I heard from my best-friend she loved it! I So I went and got the chicken Katsu with no extra additions on my curry, but I did ask for a level 3 spicy. Sadly the one I got was more of a level 7 spicy compared to what I am used to. I thought the chicken was good nothing different than the rest of the chicken Katsu I've had before the curry spicy level may have killed it for me though, yet I still cant see myself going crazy for this place even if the curry was not spicy. The food is not bad.... but nothing to go crazy for. The service was great and the staff was friendly, and the place was cute and simple, but the food is meh in my opinion though.
5	This place is the best... Been here multiple times and have taken other people and they have all loved it!
4	I went with a group of 10 so I called the restaurant to make reservations. When I called Zen answered and said his restaurant only holds 18 people at a time. My answer? 8 more than we needed :)At first menu glance all we see is deep fried. Unfortunate.  Low and behold we see a beef and sausage dish and after speaking to the server found out they made a grilled chicken too. Recommended. Funny note. Picture of beef showed 4 pieces. We asked the server if the picture was accurate and he said there was actually 6 pieces. We were server 5.  Um ya. The server came back later with two more pieces.  The chicken katsu was good. Lots of rice with each dish. Don't order a side of corn as its about 2 tablespoons at most really? Give me the whole damn can! Lol My favorite was the spinach. Go figure. Perfectly cooked. Right tenderness and not soggy. The mix it right in the curry. The confusing part was the spice level. Regular was 1-5. Then they had a blazing option at 6-10.  I was told medium was between 1-5 so I ordered a 2.5 to be funny but the server wasn't amused. But smiled  :). Other friends had a 5 and I could barely tell the difference. We didn't order any 'blazing's so I could compare. The owner came out again to greet us all after we finished and was very sweet. Tried to explain the difference in spice levels but I was already in a rice/ food coma. The extra star to make it a 4 was their spice mix they leave on the table. I sprinkled it on my wrist prior to ordering and was in love. I added this to all my 'shared' plates.  They also had two hot spices one which looked like crushed red peppers and the other cayenne.
5	The best curry around! I always eat here when I'm home. The service is great and the food is consistently delicious. I recommend the curry pan and pork katsu curry.
5	I am by no means an afficionado on Japanese style curry. For the most part I don't even like Japanese curry. I do however like Curry Zen very much. I like that they put out all of the condiments for their curries on the table. Their radish dish is usually decimated between the group. The raisins and almonds give the meal a textural change. The portions are more than reasonable and often filling. The flavor is the main reason why I keep coming back. For someone who boldly states his dislike for any dish, I will continue to try it until someone proves me wrong. Maybe I just had bad versions in the past. That is not the case here. I had to wait and sit on this review for some time just to make sure that the experience was consistent.What I find most appealing about this place is the level of service. The food comes out quickly. The presentation is neat. The staff is friendly. The chef is so humble and comes out to thank his diners at the end of the meal. It is a warm atmosphere. With the new addition, it can easily seat more. It is just another great establishment for a jammed pack powerhouse of a plaza.
3	We have not been here since their extension  remodel. It's  too bad they didn't  hire additional  wait help. It's  no doubt that their curry is perfect in taste, but service is poor and insulting with arrogance.  Their sides are okay: pork tenders and  fried shrimp. The fried oysters and croquettes were better. The place is sterile  and not an enjoyable atmosphere.  We would never go back, especially when the wait help is the owner's son. No customer service here,
5	Some of the best food I have ever had. The staff is always very welcoming and everything on the menu is delicious. Plus the renovations really made the place so much more open, which makes it a lot easier to get in!
5	I have come here a few times now and I really like this place. The owner has always been here working the line and the staff is really nice. I have only done take out from here so far, but even as a take out customer, the staff still treats me like I am dining at there. They have me take a seat and ask me if I would like a glass of water while I wait. The first couple of times I've been here I got the same thing. Original curry with pork katsu and kurobota sausage with corn. Recently I tried the 5 piece kushi and it was delicious. I also asked if I could get a couple of extra skewers of quail eggs and I could and I did! I would like to try some of the other choices so I will definitely be back.
5	This place is the closest to CoCos :) They renovated and has much more seating room than before.
3	I am a very critical when it comes to Japanese curry. I love Japanese curry, but I feel very loyal to Curry house so I compare everything to Curry house.I came here with my friends for a late lunch while we were in Vegas. I got the spiciest level of curry here. I love spicy food. It was a good spice level. I got the standard chicken katsu curry. Portions are pretty big here.  it was pretty good, but the flavor of the curry was okay.
4	I really liked this place.  I've never eaten Japanese curry before so I have no frame of reference.  But I really liked the taste.  This was as "comforty" as any comfort food I can get back home in the land of the Norwegians and Germans.  Spicier, but still great comfort food.  I'd stack this up against cheese buttons or klub any day!  You probably don't know what cheese buttons or klub even is.  Trust me...anything that stacks up to cheese buttons and klub is pretty freaking good.The waitress and cook talked me down from a spice level 5 to a spice level 3.  I think they were concerned for my safety or something.  :)  Wish I would've stuck to my guns, oh well.I shall return.
4	I love curry - Thai curry, Indian curry, Steph Curry (see? I don't discriminate), and in this case, Japanese curry.Japanese Curry Zen's namesake is made with 15 different spices.  Little containers of almonds and raisins are also at every table to sprinkle into your curry for even more enhanced flavor (I gave both the almonds and raisins a whirl.  While I preferred my curry sans these additions, I did appreciate the new flavor profiles - crunchy texture from the almonds and a subtle sweetness from the raisins).  My katsu was perfectly crisp on the outside and moist on the inside. I also went for level 6 (out of 10) on spicy, but the heat wasn't very strong.Definitely a Vegas must worth venturing off the strip for.
5	Wow.  Just tried this place, very glad I did.  Great quality curry.  This is the closest I have found to the Coco Ichibanya Curry House in Hawaii since I left home.  Amazing.At first we got there & it was nearly packed (lunch time).  Our waitress seemed rushed and didn't let me finish ordering my food, still polite though.  This didn't matter once the food came.  My husband and I were VERY impressed at the quality of Zen's curry.  Best in town. Hands down, no argument.  Unlike other curry places in town, like Kaba Curry:  They serve my favorite, deep fried oysters.  The tables have condiments for you to personalize your curry with, like raisins, almonds, katsu sauce, hot spice shaker, rakkyo, and especially fukujinsuke (pickled radish).  The way a Japanese curry restaurant should be.  The menu is simple, but you can play it up however you like.  Zen doesn't need a fancy menu to have superior food or fancy decor, unlike other curry places.  The owner himself is very nice and seems to always be hard at work in the back.We plan on coming here from now on for our curry craving & plan on bringing more friends along on too!  Love it!
5	I lovvvee Japanese curry, and this comes close to one of my fave places in Hawaii. They've expanded since I've started going here, and they're customer service is still on point  My go-to meal is the chicken Katsu curry with cheese topped with a lot of fukujinzuke. And yes they're menu is limited...serving just a variety of curry and meats. It's a typical Japanese curry house.
5	Curry good! Eat again now!
5	I came here wanting CoCo's curry.  This wasn't CoCo's but it's a good sub.  I had the chicken katsu level 8 (not spicy to me).  It was AWESOME!
5	Great curry house! I finally got around to trying this place out, and I'm glad I did. The curry is authentic and the spice level can be adjusted according to your preference. The first time I went here it was a Saturday night and was part of a large group (more than ten  people) and we were seated within 10 minutes. For me spicy level 4 was perfect. It creeps up on you though and lingers after, so beware! I like the spinach curry with chicken cutlet and sausage. There's some jars of pickled veggies on the table and they add a nice texture to the dishes. I like the ginger the best. Try this place out ... Great food, fast and friendly service, clean space - what's not to like?
5	Atmosphere: Very clean, modern, and bright inside.Food: I love how simple their menu is and there's no fluff. I've tried both chicken and pork katsu curries but I prefer the chicken curry (don't get me wrong both are great). I only wish they had katsu fish (only because fish is my ultimate protein source)! Specials: Although it cost $0.20 extra for spicy levels 6-10, it's definitely worth getting some fire on the curry. I've tried spicy levels 7 and 8, and 8 is definitely hotter (my lips were burning and my stomach a little bit churning). Level 7 spicy is perfect for me with just enough heat! Almonds! Add thinly sliced almonds inside the curry for crunchy texture and because the almonds are so thinly sliced they do not contribute or detract from the curry flavor.Service: The service is excellent. I believe all the house staff are native Japanese but we didn't really have a language barrier and ordering was really easy. They are quick on their feet and make sure our waters are always refilled and they check in on you often. The food comes out quickly so I definitely recommend this spot for quick eats.Final Impression: I have to admit, this is my favorite katsu + curry house ever.
5	Nom, nom, nom!!!The curry is out of this world, add some cheese and they definitely aren't shy about it! The tonkatsu is juicy and tender and their other offerings are just as perfect.. I usually switch it up every time I go. I officially crave this on the regular.
4	Japanese Curry Zen - Average check ~$13 - Japanese Curry is mainly served. Service is nice and the place looks ok in general. Food is good I guess cos I don't know how Japanese curry suppose to taste like. The portion is big so the price worth the dish (~$10 a dish). Overall experience 4 stars, recommend for who like Japanese Curry and katsu
5	Born and raised in Japan, this place has great curry. !!!!!   tonkatsu was little bit under fried in my opinion(Tonkatsu kiyoshi does better off course).   If you love the curry, this place is the best in vegas.
5	Be sure to try the Tako Yaki balls.. Delish!!
5	Had another amazing meal with my wife and her parents.  I ordered the spinach curry with fried shrimp; it was delicious and lived up to my highest expectations.  The new look of the restaurant is visually clean, pure, and comfortable.
4	Our favorite japanese curry place closed in Los Angeles like 10 years ago and we've been trying to find something comparable since.  Most places are poser curry makers.  We can tell that curry zen put their own secret sauce so it doesnt taste generic.  So far we've tried the chicken katsu curry as well as the vegetable curry.  Both are very good and tastes like a kick ass home-made meal.  The chicken is all white meat which I love!  You can also adjust the spiciness according to your risk tolerance.  I love spicy foods and I find they tend to make it more spicy than not...so definitely be cautious with selecting spiciness.Parking can be a headache sometimes but its well worth it.  I think they recently renovated the restaurant so its way more spacious than before!
1	Unfortunately I'm not a big fan of this place. The ambience and mood isn't as great as Kaba Curry. I had the chicken katsu with curry and the curry tasted water down.
4	While their curry may lead you to enlightenment the proteins at Japanese Curry Zen aren't worthy of your focused attention.  JCZ has some of the tastiest Japanese curry around!!!...but their proteins are regularly dry and overcooked.  They are doing a lot of things right here.  I'm a big fan of the deep, developed flavors of their curry.  They have brown and multi-grain rice options.  I can easily get down with the fried quail eggs in the Kushi Curry.  If you're into a little heat JCZ offers 10 blaZEN levels.  I highly recommend turning up the heat to about 80% of what you can handle...the heat adds a delightful dimension!  In fact, they are so good in these areas that it's a little frustrating every time you take a bite of sub-par Pork Katsu or Chicken Tenders.  The Vegetable Curry has some potential as well.  It is a mixed veggie combo of potatoes, broccoli, potatoes, carrots, potatoes, squash, and a little more potatoes.  I haven't written JCZ off completely....they're the old friend that doesn't' show a lot of gratitude but still wants to come over to eat every time you have people over.  And truth-be-told, I will probably be back sooner rather than later in search of their perfect dish for me.  I want to check out the Curry Pan, but they make a limited amount of these and you need to come early to secure one.  Another bright spot is JCZ's menu--created to easily explore and add-on different items.  These options make it effortless to sample several items and leave with a belly expanded greater than otherwise anticipated.
5	The curry house I have been hunting for.After living in Japan for a number of years, I developed a slight addiction to CoCo curry. For years, I have been searching to find something here in the States that could satiate my CoCo craving, and Zen nailed it.The service is outstanding, always pleasant and willing to meet my special requests, food is spot-on every time I go.I love this place.
3	Got the pork katsu curry, spice level 3, for takeout. Friendly service, though I was in there for a limited time. Appreciated how the curry sauce was packed separately from the rice and protein. Ample portions of all- had leftover rice and a large remaining puddle of sauce. Good value- per person total is around $11 without add-ons.Side note about the spice: should have been a warning to see that spice levels 1-5 is "free". I thought a 3 would be safe, but the spice nearly made me sick towards the end. Good warm burn, but perhaps scale back to a two if you don't love spicy food. Solid place to get Japanese curry, love the straightforward menu.
5	Best Japanese style curry here in Vegas. It is similar to Coco Curry House. It's a family run business which Is nice. Dishes I've tried and liked...Veggie Curry, Chicken Katsu Curry, Takoyaki and the side salad. For the spiciness level I usually get a level 3 and add hot pepper powder as needed. The establishment is clean, the staff is helpful & friendly  (especially the owners son), speedy service and the food is delicious  :)
5	I love their curry here. The price is perfect. I would suggest adding cheese to your curry. It gives it a little kick. Overall, the food is scrumptious and the place is very cute & petite!
4	Small mom and pop joint in Chinatown LV.  Clean, newly remodeled and very popular among the locals so we gave it a whirl. We got the chicken and pork curry katsu. Deep fried fried flattened choice of pork and chicken that is smothered in their curry sauce (yum). You can choose either white or brown rice to accompany the dish, our fav is the brown. This is not your ordinary Indian or Chinese curry. It's a secret Japanese style that is usually cooked hours on end. I don't know how this recipe is prepared or how long it's cooked but it tasted really good. You can get it in a range of how spicy you like the dish from 1-10. The server didn't ask us and I totally forgot so I was a tad bit disappointed that the dish was not as spicy as I would like. Otherwise great find and a must if your in the area.
5	Since I was a young kid I have always always always loved japanese curry. The only place I knew that had this type of curry was in California ans it was called curry house. I LOVE THIS PLACE I dont know how else to say it lol
4	One can get their fill of spicy Japanese curry here. A wide selection of toppings to choose from, but simple enough to order quickly. On a spicy scale from 1-5, I recommend 3 or under to satisfy your craving for spicy goodness. Get 4 or higher if you brought your own napkins for your nose. Satisfying they are. I'll be back when I'm in this area again.
5	Great food as always. Had pork katsu and sausage with level 3. Great portion and amazing curry. Thanks for a great lunch!
4	The curry was very good and portions were reasonable. Highlight for me were unlimited pickles at the table. Perfect complement to curry. Don't underestimate the spiciness level. This was my first time, and to be safe, I chose spice level 3. It still had a kick!Minus one star. They are understaffed. Service was slow.
4	The curry is really good, it's flavorful and has a reasonable portion. Service was quick since we arrived right when it opened. The spice numbering system is a little unclear since it goes up to 10 but from our experience 1, 2, 3 is like mild medium and hot while 10 is like depths of hell or something. My friends couldn't handle their spiciness "3" and the waitress took it back and remade their food less spicy. The chef came out to make sure it was okay and he was really friendly about it and a fantastic sport. As someone that generally can't handle spicy, a 2 was perfect for me. So go ahead and test your spiciness, and if you can't handle it, you can trade it out for no extra cost!
5	Wow, I didn't write a review for Curry Zen? Weird. I'm quite a regular here.Simply put, the best Japanese-style curry house in Vegas. Period.There's Kaba Curry nearby, which is also good, but Zen is better on all fronts.Zen also offers Curry Pan! It is a Japanese comfort food, crispy fried bread with curry inside. You cannot imagine what it is like until you actually eat it, but believe me, it's a popular food category in Japan.My favorite is veggie curry with pork sausages. The pork sausage is a beloved "schau-essen," if you know what I mean.And yes, they offer brown rice too! Now you won't get sleepy even when you have a full belly.
5	Great food, simple traditional dishes with super fast great service. Love love love this place. Everyone should check it out!
4	I imagine this is about as good as pork katzu and curry can get so in that regard it could be five stars.  My favorite part of the meal was seeing you could get food from 1-10 spicy level but 6-10 cost extra.  I assumed 5 couldn't be that spicy but the waiter warned me against it.  3 ended up being about perfect.  I'll have to trick a friend into getting an 8 or 9 some time.  In the name of science, of course.
5	I am a sucker for curry and Japanese Curry Zen does it really well. The breading is nice and crunchy and is not oily or greasy. I went for the level 4 in spiciness. It was a decent burn. I enjoy spicy food (much to my stomach's dismay) and this lived up to the spicy level. It left a warm feeling for a good hour after consumption. My boyfriend enjoys extremely spicy food so he got level 10. I tried a bite of it and it surprisingly still have good flavor not just heat.I wish this was closer to my house and/or work so I could eat it more often!
4	A really good Japanese curry restaurant. After being seated and ordering, we had to ask to get our waters. Also, the ratio of rice to curry was a little bit off for me (more rice than curry) but besides that, the currys are pretty good. I probably will be coming back, just not anytime soon
5	First time having "real" Japanese curry and can't match it better than with tonkatsu. Big plate of rice, crisp juicy pork katsu and spicy curry. Be forewarned the spice level is pretty serious business. I got a level 3 and it pushed me to my limits which really surprised me. Taste is superb though.Unlimited pickled veggies on the table if that's your kind of thing too.
5	DEElicious chicken katsu with spinach curry!! The rakkyo and radish are must have accompaniments!! This place rivals Hurry Curry on Sawtelle!! In fact, they surprise them because they are able to titrate the spice factor 1-10!! I got 3/10 and this was the perfection a that I would beg for at Hurry Curry. Can't imagine what 5-10 would be like!! Also another plus, plus, plus is that they have Asahi on tap!! This place was sooooo good that it's still on my mind!!
5	Katsu breading is perfectly made. Not burnt or undercooked like other places make Katsu. Pretty big portions and filled me up good. Had vegetable curry with tofu katsu. Curry was delicious and well prepared. Everyone that I've brought to this place has enjoyed it as much if not more than I have.
5	Went last night after a show and wanted something filling and comforting, and it was just what I needed.  Best Japanese curry I've had so far, and he also agreed it was the best and he's from Hawaii where this more commonly found! super flavorful, fried without being to greasy or burnt.  My boyfriend had the chicken katsu curry, and I had the chicken tenders.  My portion was way bigger than his, but I think his was oddly even more tender.  I am waking up craving more right now, I can't wait to o back.
5	My boyfriend and I went here a few nights ago. We originally wanted to try the Monta Ramen but it was closed. Thank goodness it was closed! Or else we would have never tried this place. I got the kushi 5 piece curry with cheese (level 5) and he got the chicken cutlet with cheese (level 5). We were in tears because it was so spicy and sooo good. I wasn't even that hungry when we got there, but ended up eating the entire plate because it was that good. Sad to say, there is no Zen in CA... I guess it's something I can only enjoy in NV.
4	Great food, fast service. Really enjoyed the atmosphere.
5	We popped in here on a whim and it was such an unique and cute little place! The food tastes amazing and the prices are reasonable. Although the menu seems simplified, it helps customers narrow down the choices with the addition of pictures for the dishes! The Edamame was fresh and scrumptious. The chicken Katsu curry was the perfect blend of spicy and traditional. The dish filled our stomachs and we're happy customers. We will definitely come back again in the future! A+ food & service.
4	Food is very good! Curry reminds me of Jamaican style curry. The chicken katsu was perfect and the portion for price is terrific. Highly recommend.
4	Service is really great here! We were seated right away and the food didn't take that long to make. Our waitress refilled our drinks when needed and she asked if everything was good. I had chicken katsu curry along with vegetables & cheese. I chose level 2 which had a little bit of a kick to it. Zen curry is yumtastic!
5	We come here all the time and it's always so freaking delicious! Even though it's over 100* outside we still make a point to have a hot meal here. The food never disappoints! Highly recommended.
5	Chicken katsu + curry + with potato croquette = Omgsoyum! This place definitely delighted my taste buds! Their curry was traditional, very rich and thick, with a hint of sweetness. Compared to the popular chain, Curry House in California, I would say it's a neck to neck competition. Although, my biggest gripe at Zen was that they were light handed when plating the curry - they could of gave us more. We ended up buying an extra side of curry sauce for $1.50. However, the chicken katsu and the pork tonkatsu were both breaded very lightly and expertly fried to a crispy golden brown. They were extremely addicting.We also tried their new menu item, Takoyaki $4.50. It had 5 plump balls and dressed generously with mayo, takoyaki sauce, and bonito flakes. They came out piping hot and about 2 pieces of tender octopus inside of each ball. The dough was more on the soggy end and also a tad bit bland. Maybe they could of been cooked a little longer. I would pass on the curry pan next time. Even though the bread was lightly crispy on the outside, I felt that the overall dough was very dense and lacked curry filling. It was mostly air once I took a bite. (Curry House in CA will continue to hold the crown in curry pan). We added: - Potato croquette - My favorite! It was lightly sweet and breaded perfectly. - Corn - simple canned sweet corn. I still loved it with the curry meal!- Kushi Katsu (5 skewers of kushiage): lightly breaded and fried and quail egg, zucchini, shiitaki mushroom, chicken tender - Everything was fried perfectly and the chicken tender was very moist and juicy, but I would pass on ordering these next time. They were too boring for me. They have many different toppings to add to your curry: kurobuta sausage, potato croquette, corn, kushi katsu (3 or 5 sticks), vegetable, spam, tofu, tofu katsu, spinach, cheese, chicken tender.Also their spice levels are no joke! - Spicy 1-5 is free.- Spicy 6-10 is 20 cents extra.We tried spicy #6 which had nice heat. Trust me, they don't mess around. It's not at all unbearable since we're avid spice lovers, but we could of actually went up a couple more notches as well, and loved it! I'm sure spicy 10 would be crazy spicy! My favorite part had to be their unique table condiments! I loved adjusting the texture, sweetness, and spiciness of my curry dish at my own discretion. All of these go perfect with curry!- Fukujnzuke - Japanese sweet pickled radish- Rakkyo - Japanese style pickled pearl onions. - Sliced Almonds - adds great crunchy texture to curry- Raisins - adds a nice sweetness to the curry and rice - Curry powder - adds another level and dimension of curry flavor - Spicy chili powder - adds spiciness
5	Finally made visit #2 after months and months. Regretted waiting so long.When I popped into Japanese Curry Zen tonight, I almost didn't recognize where I was. They've definitely expanded their dining room at some point in the last several months. This is a great thing for what I'm sure is still a popular dining destination.For a change of pace, I decided to order the kurobuta sausage curry ($8.45). Kurobuta is synonymous with Berkshire, which apparently is a tasty and pricey type of pork. Google it or something. The sausage is really tasty and tender, somewhat sweet, and definitely on the small side (that's what she said). However, the flavor is more than enough to enjoy rice, curry, and kurobuta evenly for the whole meal.Other than the choice of meat, the curry is the same for everyone. Good white rice (whoops, forgot that I had good brown rice last time) plus a savory, high temperature curry with their special blend of spices. I tried both the sweet pickled radish and the onion thingamabobs that they bring out to accompany the curry, and I went mostly with the sweet stuff to augment the flavor profile.A note on the spice level: think a hot Thai place, or possibly worse. I went with a "3" again and ate fairly slowly, recalling how I rushed it last time and was punished for not waiting for it to cool. My advice: order conservatively and be aware that there are additional spice condiments available if you need them.This is a must-try restaurant for anybody who eats any sort of food, and it makes the plaza that it inhabits even more special.
3	Ok this is a 3.5 star review. I really wanna go with 4 but then I feel I'm not being true to the other places I gave a 4 star too because they were exceptional. But this place is a very good place for curry. Given the selection in Vegas it's probably one of the best. I've been here more than a few times if that tells you anything. The curry is pretty good and consistent in flavor each time. I really like the curry udon but my girlfriend thinks it's only ok. But hey when do couples ever agree. It's a pretty good place and it will definitely take care of your curry craving.
5	Love this place! Hands down best curry place. I love the food and the service! I usually get the chicken katsu and shrimp, but lately I've gotten the five piece kushi which is so yummy and has a bit more variety with quail eggs and zucchini. Highly recommend. 10/10
5	So delicious! We ordered chicken katsu curry, tofu katsu curry, curry pan, and iced green tea. The green tea was from a can but still tasty. My husband loved it and it reminded him of his favorite curry place when he was stationed in Okinawa. The tofu was silky inside and crunchy on the outside. Condiments like pickled vegetables and sliced almonds were available on the table. I suggest trying them all. The curry pan was toasty, crunchy but still light and fluffy. We will visited again before we go back home! Tons of options to add to your curry to make it special.
5	My wife and I lived in Okinawa Japan from 2003-2006 while stationed at Kadena AB. We fell in love with a fast food Japanese Curry place known as CoCo's. Anyone who's been to Okinawa or even mainland Japan knows about this place! When we moved to Las Vegas, we were super happy to discover Japanese Curry Zen!! It's amazing curry. Such a great comfort food. We eat here quite often and constantly recommend it to our friends and coworkers. If you like spicy foods and curry, you must try this place out! I normally go for the chicken cutlet level 2 spice. It's perfect and you can always turn up the heat with the extra spices they have on the tables if need be.We've tried Kaba Curry in town as well, but prefer Curry Zen. The prices are reasonable also. They've recently expanded the restaurant which allows much more seating then before. I've had to wait outside before they added the extra seating, but now we get a table almost every time. They also have great iced thai tea! Check em out!!!!!!
3	I wanted to try this because of hearsay from others, and my new found love of Japanese curry. Interior-wise it was simple, and sleek. Upon arrival, I was greeted quickly from one of the servers. The menu had selection, and options to add-on. I was pleased to see they had brown rice as an option, because although I'm Asian, I'm not a white rice type of gal. Lol :-) Since it was my first time, I just went with a basic katsu curry plate, with 3 fried shrimp. Portion size is okay, they give you curry and rice, but the katsu is a little on the smaller side. Taste wise, curry was good, their katsu was so-so. Pricing was cheap! Me and my husband's bill was a little over $20 included drinks. I'm not sure if I'll be back, I thought it was alright.
5	The curry there is really good, and the level of spicy is on point! Enjoyable! Also, great service!
4	Simple and tasty. 4 stars for an easy and good lunch.
5	God damn, this Chef makes a mean curry! and I mean, MEAN. Now I've had my fair share of Japanese curry and as a lover of true spicy food, I know that even a level 10 at your average Japanese curry house is not going to get the job done, but not at Curry Zen, no no my friend. This Chef is serious, if you order a 10, you're gonna feel it, and it's gonna feel good :)Since I'm not a big rice eater, I loved that I could add veggies and spinach to my curry. I didn't have to waste precious stomach space on starches, woohoo. The pork katsu was cooked to perfection, not too chewy and krispy just right. Prices were reasonable and the service was lovely. No line for a late lunch on a hot Sunday. 5-stars all around!
3	I came here on a Tuesday afternoon and ordered 1. Original Curry, 5.95- Pork Cutlet: 3.50 2. Original Curry, 5.95- Chicken Cutlet: 3.00 for 22.89- Came during lunch, around 1pm, a little packed. We were seated on a small table for 2. - Takaya was our server. fine service. - No extra charge for dicon, scallions, almonds- Crispy cutlet. - Little portion. I counted the slices on my plate. Sigh....- Original curry was good! But Kaba Curry had corn and vegetables without paying extra. - Presentation was nice. - Stomach left unsatisfied. Definitely need to pay more to get a better experience. Lame. - Expensive for 2. I'd rather just go to Tonkatsu Kiyoshi. Kaba has better value.
4	I love the curry here! It has a homemade taste - you can taste the vegetables melted into the curry broth, so subtle. I love the simplicity of the menu too. The curry broth is the main ingredient of course, and then you can add a topping. Genuine service too :)
5	After 3 years in Vegas this is my favorite restaurant, I love the spinach curry, tofu salad and curry pan. The prices are incredibly affordable, every time we come we are shocked to see how low the bill is. My kids love that they can pick a la carte.
5	My new favorite curry house! Definitely coming back. Chicken katsu and takoyaki is soooo goood! Cant wait to try the pork katsu.
5	This place is great. Every time I'm in Vegas I can't decide to go to Monta or this place (Monta usually wins). But one day I decided to go here since I already had my Monta fix that weekend. I was not disappointed. The curry is flavorful, best I've ever had. The spice level of the curry is actually spicier than other curry places I've been too. I always get spice level 10 at curry places and don't really feel a kick, but this place does have a decent kick for me at level 10. I had the Chicken Katsu w/ Kushi 5pc add on. Everything was still crispy till the end of the meal, Chicken was moist, and i loved the quail eggs. Service was excellent and food comes out pretty fast. This place would probably be one of places I must go while I'm in Vegas
4	I came back here because I was craving some curry. It was a pleasant surprise to see that they had expanded the restaurant. It used to be a small hole in the wall, now it's a big hole in the wall! The layout was a bit awkward, but the whole restaurant looked nice and clean with a couple of television screens.Now for the important part... the food. The food continues to improve each time that I come back here. The menu also keeps expanding. In this particular visit I ordered their kushi katsu 5 piece (chicken, quail egg, zucchini, shrimp, shiitake mushroom) curry plate. It was on the chalkboard where they listed their specials. It was good and I definitely will be making a return visit sooner rather the later most likely the next time I'm in the Las Vegas area.
4	Ordered Kushi Katsu, the pork curry, and one of their appetizers on special. Everything was great, but just about everything on their menu was fried, which was a bit off-putting. Bottom line, delicious fried food, but not a big selection. On the plus side, they do serve alcohol!
4	Let me tell you; The curry here is absolutely DELICIOUS. I'm fairly picky with curry, and so far out of my choices here in vegas, this one's at the top of my list!The service is good and friendly. It was my coworkers first time eating japanese curry and she wasn't too sure about her spice level she chose, so the server offered to adjust it for her if she wasn't satisfied! (I like spicy but even level 4 is too spicy for me! I was sniffling the whole time!)The chicken katsu/tenders and beef is soooo good. As we say in hawaii: onolicious brah! The flavor is much more authentic compared to other places I've tried. The katsu tofu and veggies are a good add on as well. The portions are generous so I usually have some leftovers to take home for my next meal ^_^The only reason I didn't this place 5 stars is because the prices are more on the expensive side.  Otherwise it's really good and I definitely recommend this place :)
5	Decided to try this place out with some friends and the food was delicious and service was great! Definitely coming back. Had the vegetable curry with chicken katsu level 3. It was a little hotter than I thought, but still was yummy!
5	THIS PLACE IS THE REAL DEAL. COME HERE IF YOU WANT JAPANESE CURRY. I was born in Singapore and Japanese curry was everywhere and i have eaten this dish for so many years. BUT this place was the real deal. Tucked away in a small corner of chinatown, they serve real, authentic, spicy JAPANESE curry. In fact, the curry served here is better than most places back in my hometown and i am really proud to give this place 5 stars.
4	This place was good.  Very small, casual, and intimate. I ordered the kushi, which was a sample of shrimp, quail eggs, zucchini, shiitake mushrooms and chicken.  All were good, but the zucchini was my favorite. The curry sauce had a good flavor and a good heat ratio.  I ordered a 6 on the hear scale, but probably could do the 7 or 8 and still enjoy.  Glad I came.
4	I love Japanese curry and this is the spot to get it in Vegas.
5	I'm a Japanese curry snob and this is the best in Vegas. The flavor of this curry is really exceptional. My favorite part is when I order veggies I actually get big chunks of veggies that appear to be fresh. Other places it is the mixed frozen vegetables which are tiny and that's why it's obvious they were the frozen ones. The rice is cooked nicely, the red and white ginger are nice additions and I like that I can help myself and don't need to ask for it. A 2 or 3 is very hot, a 10 is I don't know, I never got it. I did see someone order it once though, wow. I like really spicy and a 3 is really spicy. I like seeing the list of health benefits listed for eating curry. The food comes fast to the table and has always been consistent. Menu is simple but nice. I also like that the chef (assuming the owner, but maybe not) always thanks us for coming (at least that's what I think he is doing since he speaks in Japanese). :)If I had a wish, it was that a small salad came with the meal. I also wish for non fried items, since beef chunks is the only protein on the menu that is not fried.
3	I'm sorry. I like Zen for what it is and all, it is good, better than the other places I've tried in Vegas however it just seems too plain for me to be a fan of. Is it more that curry, rice, and fried stuff!?The menu is simple you order what kind of curry you want (original, vegetable, or spinach), what level of spiciness (1-5 is free and 6-10 is $0.20 extra), what rice (plain or brown), and what fried stuff you want included (pork/chicken/tofu katsu, pork/chicken tender, shrimp, sausage, and a few others). I've always ordered the original curry with levels ranging from 5-10 depending on the mood, it is good, has the flavors I like but I can never get it too hot to my liking even with the additional spices on the table, sure I'll sweat but I want to breath fire. Maybe it's not suppose to be too hot!? And I'll get the plain rice. The plates are pretty much half rice and half curry. I like the kurobuta sausages but the fried stuff is standard. I could easily eat one plate and be still hungry but drink plenty of water if you're a big eater like me. Adding additional items is an option but it also means adding to the price, which could turn pricey.The interior is nice and clean. It does get busy occasionally so you might have to wait for a seat or even maneuver around while walking through the establishment. I've never had a problem with service, food comes out in a reasonable amount of time and staff is usually friendly, refill drinks, and handles checks. Ask for a smaller spoon or a fork cause the spoon they usually give you is huge.Don't let this review turn you away from going here the food's not bad or anything and I'd probably go back as long as others wanna go but you wont hear me raving about it.
5	Most of the time I am a tourist and eat on the strip when I come to the Ninth Island (Vegas).  However, on this trip I had my car and I wanted to eat where the locals eat.  Japanese Curry Zen is on Spring Mountain Rd, in the Seoul Plaza strip mall West of the 15.They specialize in authentic Japanese curry here, that is hand stirred and silky smooth.  Curry and rice is $5.95 and you can add chicken or pork cutlet ($3.50), kushi (chicken; quail eggs (3); & zucchni - $3.50), and a variety of other toppings for an additonal charge.We ordered the tempura oyster app ($3.60 for 3), tonkatsu ($9.45), and the foregoing w/ kushi ($12.95 - not pictured).  A can of soda was $1.The oysters were excellent.  The tempura was cooked very well, and the oysters were fresh.  I have had overcooked, not so fresh oysters and they disintegrate when you bite into them.  These were nothing like the foregoing:  5 Stars.Likewise, the curry was excellent.  You could see and hear the chef constantly stirring the curry sauce to perfection.  Secondarily, the color was perfect.  In addition, the pork cutlet was cooked properly.  It was not dry like other places I have experienced.  Lastly, the portion was a bargain for the price.  BTW, I ordered 3 out of 10 for spiciness, and I was SMAO:  5 Stars.The service from our waitress was also excellent.  She was super nice, described how the menu worked, and really attentive:  5 Stars.  The ambiance is very basic, but it works for this small place.  Although the place is small, there were separate, clean restrooms:  4 Stars.If you have a car, forget the overpriced, Americanized Azn food on the strip, and head to Spring Mountain Rd (I would compare to Garden Grove Blvd in OC).  In addition to Japanese, there is Vietnamese, Chinese and Korean.  The food is way better, and less expensive especially at this gem, Japanese Curry Zen.
5	The absolute best curry of any kind that I've ever had. The service is nice and the prices are reasonable. There's a ton of diversity in the menu, and it's definitely vegetarian-friendly! The owner and staff are always amazingly friendly. It's just a joy to eat here!
5	Absolutely delicious. Best curry I have had in a long time, even living on Los Angeles. Easy to customize your order to your liking in all aspects. Also helps that service was great. They even let me sample the curry to find the right level of spicy. The meats and veggies I added made my dish perfect. Must try this restaurant.
4	The portions don't look like much, the plate is very shallow but when you finished the curry dish, you are stuffed!Very good Japanese curry, not much veggies but very rich and thick.  The plates start off around $6 or so, but add a dollar or so for an add-on.Also ordered the fried oyster special 6 for $6.  The oysters were on the small side but very crispy and juicy on the inside.  A good choice to compliment your curry meal.Another excellent option in the heart of Las Vegas Chinatown.
5	I really like this place. They really make the best curry in town! First time going there, ordered ck katsu and tokiyaki, both are sooo good. Also, the service is excellent. 5 star for sure :)
5	Zen on Spring Mountain has excellent Japanese style curry and many simple options for everyone. This is a great place to also try curry if you've never had curry before. I suggest the chicken katsu if you're a first timer to curry. Zen also offers great specials off the menu, such as the curry udon. The staff is friendly and service is fast!
5	This place is authentic Japanese curry. All the spices they use are so delicious, & the variety in the toppings they offer are great. Their fried shumai & gyoza is also delicious. & they have Asahi on draft! The owner is the chef, & his hospitality is amazing, such a great person & a great establishment!
5	My cousin took me here for dinner last night and I am hooked! The best curry I've ever tried. The portions are generous and the curry itself is very smooth. I got the pork tenderloin with a side of tofu katsu. Everythibg was delicious. The tofu salad was bomb too.
4	Welcome to man vs. food:  Japanese curry edition. That's the first thing that came to mind regarding portion sizes. I always have leftovers, and the leftovers reheat very well. You can get chicken katsu curry with veggies... SPICY!  They have a spicy rating system like you'd expect from a Thai place except this is obviously Japanese.  Their spam, beef, veggies, it's all good.  You can order no wrong here.
5	I'm picking up vegetable curry with chicken tenderloin and chicken tenderloin with curry. I love the curry here. The Katsu is delicious too.
4	If you want traditional japanese curry, this is the place to go. Forget your gluten free carb free diet nonsense - get some good homestyle, delicious japanese curry with all the fixings or toppings you could want.
5	Great atmosphere and the food is good for anybody who is willing to try curry. The service is great. The curry isn't watered down like many places who serve curry. This place is just up the alley if you want a thick curry curry plate :)
3	It's Japanese style diner food.I ordered the Chicken katsu curry. The cutlets are thin and dry, there's no vegetables in the curry. You get your rice, katsu, and curry sauce. Basic.Prices are little above medium, but rent is not cheap in Chinatown.
4	I like Thai and Malaysian curry, but I never before had the opportunity to try Japanese Curry. Without having anything else to compare it to, I found Curry Zen to offer a tasty lunch. I had the Pork Katsu Curry ($9.45) spicy #4. The pork cutlet was fried crisp leaving it tender and juicy. The curry was rich, thick and smooth. It was bursting with flavor from the various spices used. It had just the right amount of heat. The dish was even better with a healthy dose of fukujinzuke and rakkyo. I enjoyed the bite and crunch from the pickled radish and shallot. Service was warm and friendly. I was in & out in no time.
5	I have never had this kind of food before eating here. I just love it. I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who is not afraid to try new things. I loved it so much that I went back six times in one month.
5	The tofu curry is just insane...the consistency of the flavor and cleanness and pureness of the batter is so amazing every time!!! This is one of our MUST GO PLACES every time we travel to Vegas!! This is even better than any curry places we have gone to in LA at Little Tokyo...its seriously that good!! You know some places have batter which tastes oily or gets worse throughout the day, there is zero salty or stale oil flavor here...actually there is zero oil flavor...the batter is so light and crisp day or night!! I also highly recommend their tofu salad, its so refreshing to your palate before you eat the Japanese curry...the pork is also super tender as well...there is really no going wrong but someone MUST get the tofu curry just so everyone can have a bite!!
5	Came to try out this spot after a friend recommended it to me and yeah...glad I did! Cute little spot with delicious curry (you can choose your spice level..yes!) and combinations making you come back for more. I got the small curry with tofu, veggies, and sausage spice level 5 and my bf got the regular pork cutlet with veggies and fried shrimp spice level 3. They were both really good and filling!! I'm going to try a spicier level next time. We ordered a couple desserts (coffee jello and something with pineapples on it) and it was a good way to end our meal.Overall, the waitresses were nice and food was delish! We'll be coming back this week... :)
3	Decent.  But I do like Tonkotsu Kiyoshi better.I got the pork katsu curry and my husband got the chicken katsu curry.  Both our protein was dry.  The curry was good, but the rice was a tad dry for me.  Again, I compared this pork katsu durry to Tonkotsu's and both times, I prefer Tonkotsu Kiyoshi.Service was great, but not enough for me to return if I can get to Tonkotsu.  Also, there are toppings that one can add to the curry.  My husband tried the raisins and almonds.  He liked neither, but it's cool that they offer it.
5	By far one of these best curry spots in town. I order the chicken katsu curry which was amazing. They give the option for brown rice at no extra charge with is pretty amazing. My friend ordered chicken on hers at which point I found out they also do grilled chicken as an option. They also offer multigrain rice which is damn good too.
5	I can eat here couple times a week... no joke!Cheap... tasty... no wait... and the best katsu curry in the city hands down!I wanted to have my fix one last time before leaving the city the other day but the electricity was down! oh well.If you love katsu curry... this is a must!!!My favorite gem in LV chinatown!
5	This place is super delicious! Customer service is great, and the food is awesome. Simple, and delicious. I've tried basically everything on the menu, super yum. Pork tenderloins my fave! Level is usually 5, and its not bad at all. They even got specials and side items around the restaurant. Look out what they are and try em too!
3	For my experience, I ordered the chicken katsu curry.The curry was overly sweet in my opinion, which I couldn't get over with. Also, the katsu wasn't crispy, and the meat is dry. In my opinion, Oh! Curry has better curry.I want to give this place five stars so badly, but maybe that will happen in my next visit once the food improves.
4	They have really good curry! I got the regular katsu curry. My friends all got 2 or higher and they said it was pretty spicy! If you like spicy, they have a scale that goes all the way up to 10 and apparently it's really spicy! Their place is small, cute, and clean. Their staff is really nice and I would recommend this place if you want to eat curry! I don't eat curry on the daily but they're pretty much the place everyone tells me to go to! So try it out if you want to try something new!
5	This place makes me feel like I'm at home. The food is amazing and everything is made to perfection. I usually eat the shrimp tempura with a spicy #2 and that does the job for me!
5	Superb authentic curry straight from Nippon!!! It was very spicy. I got level 5 and I was breaking a sweat. It was like I just did a workout. I got the chicken katsu dish. The other meats looked good though. The atmosphere was very chill and relaxing. The staff was very helpful and kind. This is my new favorite restaurant in LV!!!!
3	So let me just start with saying I'm originally from the SF Bay Area, which has a plethora of Japanese places that do curry but in general, my go to place has always been Curry House in Cupertino for overall dine out goodness. I like me some Golden or Vermont Curry made at home. Here goes...=:: Location ::=Tucked into one of the many shopping centers along Spring Mountain but easy enough to find and with decent amount of parking, as well as good tea and snow ice for after dinner noms/drinks.=:: Layout ::=Fairly small 'mom and pops' layout with 6 4+ group tables, 3 'couple' tables and a few counter seats. A few TVs to provide the sports people happy I suppose. My only complaint was that each table didn't have the same condiments on them. Being at the 2 seat table, had to nab the pickles jar from a 4+ table.=:: Service ::=Not a highlight, sadly. The place was fairly full but even when it emptied out some, there wasn't really any checking in on water/general needs and I needed to signal for the check. Not great but not utterly horrible either.=:: Food ::=Level 3 heat pork katsu curry with ebi/shrimp fry added on white rice - The breading was pretty excellent on both though the shrimp were smaller than what I'm used to and the pork was decent. Sadly, the curry itself was a let down. I'm all for a bit of spice if it enhances the flavor but spiciness that kills the original flavor of the meal, well...kills it, and that's what happened here. At first, it wasn't so bad but as I kept eating, I could no longer taste the actual curry due to the heat and I ended up just eating whatever bits that were dipped in the curry with rice and pickles. Heck, even the bits that weren't dipped in the curry sauce too. =(Curry pan - I ordered this to enjoy later as I figured I'd be too full from the rice plate and I must say, they must not have applied the level 3 heat to my curry pan because I was able to enjoy this MUCH more. Excellent crispiness to the bread and panko flakes  even after sitting in my car for the length of Guardians of the Galaxy and a bit of shopping before getting back home and nomming on it. If anything, I think the next time I go to Curry Zen, I will just order it at Level 1 then add shichimi and such to get it to the spice level I want.Takoyaki - My friend ordered this without the mayo so it made me feel a little sad inside from the get go but they were still enjoyable. Will have to return to have them with mayo at some point.Edamame - Just enough salt and cooked to the right tenderness. Solid and we demolished the bowl.=:: Overall ::=I'm willing to give Curry Zen a second try, especially since it does seem to attract Japanese customers, which is always a good sign in my book. I did see that there were other spices as condiments on the other tables so maybe that will help as well but I just didn't want to alter the flavors my first time there. Also, I was pretty darn starving at that point so I just wanted to get to the eating. If anything, I greatly approve of their curry pan!
5	I licked my plate clean! WHY can't the east coast have delicious places like this?! I got the pork katsu curry, level 3 and it was perfectly spicy and absolutely delicious.  Who knew that Japanese curry could be so scrumptious and spicy.  My boyfriend jokes about how he tried a level 8 before and couldn't even touch the food, but a level 3 was perfect and for comparison, it would be about a level 7-8 on a regular scale of hotness.Anyways, can't wait to come back to Vegas and indulge.  GO try this place if you're in town!
5	Straight up Best Curry in Vegas!! The flavor of their curry is phenomenal. I usually get chicken katsu, shrimp katsu, kurobuta sausage and/or corn. I LOVE their pickled condiments!! I feel so bad sometimes because I can and I have ate the whole jar before! I'm not sure what the red one is but based on flavor I think it is red daikon- japanese radish. The other one is pickled pearl onions. Oh and I love spicy anything and my first time here I ordered spicy level 6 (1-10) and omg it was really SPICY! I still ate it because it was sooo good but I had to have water and pickled daikon after each bite hence why I ate the whole jar once lol. Now I order level 3...which is STILL PRETTY SPICY but just the right amount for me.
5	UPDATE: Tried the level 10 for 20 cents more. It is reallyyyyy good & tolerable even if you're not used to spicy food everyday.-----------------------------------Japanese Curry Zen is AMAZING. I usually come here after my classes since UNLV is sorta close to Chinatown, and I am always happy with the food and service I receive. The waiters/waitresses are always attentive and kind. I usually get the chicken katsu curry spice level 3. I think spice level 3 is the perfect amount of spicy and deliciousness. I have tried their curry with no spice level, and level 1 and it wasn't quite the same (although still delicious). Their takoyaki and katsu-don are pretty good, but their authentic Japanese curry is what makes this place 5 stars. It shares the same plaza as Monta Ramen, Kung Fu Tea and SnowFlake Shavery (I recommend these places too) I hope one day they get another location for us people who live more on the south side of Vegas, like how Monta has a location on Eastern. I'd eat there more often!
5	My first Japanese curry and my favorite place so far. Everyone here is always so polite. When you come here, you aren't a customer. You are a guest. Because of their outstanding service, it's hard not to come back. As far as the food goes, the curry is thick and full of flavor. There are many additional toppings to add and specials are always changing, so you won't get bored! Food always comes out hot and fast.Also, Curry Zen is open late, so it's a great place to hit up after a late shift or an evening class. I go at least once a week and so should you!
5	Amazing Japanese Curry food. After 2 days of eating pizza, pasta and burritos, this was such a welcome change. Loved the spice level and crispness of the croquette. And their ambiance is so simple and welcoming. Definitely recommend that you try this place. It will be great if they open one on the strip itself :)
5	I really like this place. I need to go more often. For some reason it's nvr too crowded but that's a good thing. Wish they had beer as well.
5	This is my favorite place to go for Japanese curry. The pricing and portion are just right. I also love how authentic the staff and food is. I've tried other curry places, but they never seem to compare to Curry Zen. This place is becoming one of my favorite places to eat at, in general. I go here at least once a week. I recommend getting the chicken katsu curry plate.
5	Awesome food. Simple but done so well. Curry udon 3x in 4 days. My friend from San Francisco says this is way better than Volcano Curry up there. Wait staff is inexperienced and spacey at times but once the food comes out, I'm pretty darn happy. The curry spice range is 1-10. A 3 or 4 leaves an afterglow on your lips at the end of the meal. Much more than that and I don't think I'd taste the nuisances of the curry.
5	Let's just say I deeply regretted agreeing to share this plate of curry with one of my friends. When the plate came out and I took my first bite, I wanted the whole thing to myself. I haven't tried many curry places, but this has got to be the best curry place I've tried to date.Located in China Town in the same plaza as Monta Ramen, Kung Fu Tea, and Snowflake Shavery. There's plenty of parking. The restaurant has a very homey and traditional Japanese feel to it. We came around lunch time on a Saturday with a group of 10 people and they seated us immediately. Our server was friendly and quick on her feet. The prices for the curry is reasonable and it's a huge portion so it's worth it.My friend and I decided to go with original chicken katsu curry with a croquette on the side. We got The curry was absolutely delicious; it was thick, flavorful, and you can really taste the spices. The chicken katsu was light and fried to perfection. It was my first time trying a croquette and I enjoyed it a lot. It's a deep fried mashed potato? It wasn't as heavy as I thought it would be but it was light as well. This is such a cute, quaint restaurant with amazing prices but better than that, equally amazing food.
3	Curry Zen does their spice and katsu very well.  As others have said, level 5 is pretty good (for me) - the spicyness builds as you eat your meal.  The cool, sweet pickles make a real nice complement with every bite!  Value is okay - I would have expected a bit better value in Vegas Chinatown.  The self-serve pickles (and other curry "add-ins") are a nice touch.  Solid place that is definitely worth a visit and we will return.
5	My list of bests are quickly filling up... Hands down, best curry ever!You can easily leave feeling satisfied and happy after spending less than $10. The curry is unlike anything I've ever had-- it's definitely thinner than other katsu curries I've tasted, but still packs in the flavor. I ordered the chicken katsu with a lower spice level (1-5), if you go beyond 6-10, it's a little extra. Ojiisan (grandpa), working his magic on every order. Fast, delicious, friendly service. A MUST-VISIT if you've got that soft spot for katsu curry.
5	The food! They custom created one of the appetizer specials (deep fried oysters) as a curry for me [Chef behind the counter heard me ordering, and said "no problem, we can do that"]. It is so delicious!Service was lightning fast, foods were served in under 5 minutes.Seems a little small for how busy it is, feels crowded, they could have easily filled 3 or 4 more tables if they expanded into bigger space.The serving sizes were just right, I cleared my plate, but wasn't hungry afterwards.I really like that they offer a wide range of curry spiciness, on a scale of like 1 to 10 I believe. Perfectly accommodating everyone in a family or a group. They also have genuine vegetarian options, again accommodating everyone in the family.This is my first time at a fusion Japanese curry restaurant. I will definitely be bringing my family here.
5	The wife and I rolled up into this place as we were in the mood for some curry.  It was overcast and a little cold in Las Vegas so this sort of homey cuisine was desired.  The menu here is quite simple with lots of options.  We both ordered curry, but chose different add-ons.  The spice levels range from 1-10.  I ordered a 3 and it was slightly too hot for me, but the food was so good that I could not stop eating.  It was nice that they had extra napkins for me to take care of my perspiration.  This is a great place to check out if you are in Sin City!!!
4	The curry was so good I got the vegetables curry. Yummy. Satified my craving and made me full too. The server was nice as well. I would so recommend this place.
5	Pricey, but completely worth it once in a while. What is pricey, you ask? $9 a plate that leaves me still hungry is pricey. If u want a 2-item plate, will be about $14. Like I said though, very worth it once in a while. I hate curry, but this place's curry is so good, that I will definitely come back again!
5	Best Japanesse curry in las vegas. I am no expert. I have had Japanesse curry about a dozen times. This place is the best one in Vegas. Great staff to boot!
4	I got the Tonkatsu with added corn and cheese and my mom had the curry udon.the curry udon was savory, had a good amount of beef slices and scallions, and the curry sauce was liquidy enough for noodle soup.the cheese looks a bit weird on the curry, but it was so clutch. definitely recommend and I won't eat my curry any other way now.
5	Food was amazing. I have tried most of the menu and I've never had anything I didn't like. The curry has perfect flavor, and you can spice it up too if you'd like.
4	Thank you again, Yelp! I would have never found this little place on my own. After a long day of walking the strip this just hit the spot. This place is nestled away in a little Asian shopping center and that it's a good sign that the food is authentic. I heard this type of curry is called "Navy curry" because the Navy brought this delicious Indian spice to Japan. Thank goodness they did!As you can see, every dish looks the same and pretty much tastes the same. You can have chicken with curry, shrimp with curry, pork with curry, tofu with curry or beef with curry. :-D If you want Japanese curry it's the place to go, if you want more variety you probably want to find another place. I highly recommend binging on the pickled onions and radishes on the table.
4	Came here last night for the first time with hubby & sister. Since it is my first time to try Japanese curry, I have nothing to compare it to.  However, here are the key points that I feel worth mentioning:1) Ambiance:  The place is quiet when we got there and only has 2 other tables occupied. The place is clean and quite cozy.2) Service:  It was great and food came fast.3) Price:  I think it is quite pricey after putting the toppings that you want unless you only want the combinations they have on the menu. That's where the deduction of star came from.4) Food:  Overall, the food was great! We ordered the following items: *  Chicken Katsu + Sausage - Hubby ordered it and loved it. He got it at Level 2 spiciness and felt that's all he could go for as the spiciness lingers in your mouth according to him.* Pork Katsu w/ Egg (Lvl 2 spiciness) - My sister ordered it and she felt that it was quite good and conparable to Curry House in Cali that she and her husband's family frequently go to get their Jap curry fix.* Original Curry + Spam + Fried Oyster w/ corn - I ordered this with level 1 spiciness (can't handle too much heat).  I found my food very delicious specially the fried oysters. The burst of flavor when I had my first bite of the oyster with the curry sauce & rice. The best description on my food that I can come up with at that moment was "It was orgasmic!" Lol! I love to cook and have pretty good palate and the flavor of this was amazing. Even spam with the curry sauce was pretty good. I had leftover food that I brought home to my 16 y/o son and he enjoyed it as much as I did. He did agree that the fried oyster with the curry sauce was to die for.We will definitely be back for sure.  I look forward to trying the spinach curry with fried tofu. Just writing this review makes me drool. Yum! Absolutely worth trying!
5	Amazing japanese curry. I tried the beef and chicken katsu.  Everything was good.  Portions are just right, taste is satisfying.  Can't really ask for more.  Fast service.  Nice place for lunch.  It's in the same plaza as other asian restaurants, so finding somewhere with dessert right after isn't too much of a challenge.  No complaints, great place!
5	The closest I will ever get to Coco Ichiban. This will be a regular spot...
5	Been to curry spots all over Japan as well as the US. This place was the closest I've found to the good ones in Japan. The curry tasted homemade and the varieties of Katsu's were both tasty and crispy. Appetizers were tasty as well. Had the curry pan and it was so good I had to order another! Definitely glad I found this place and will be coming back for sure!
4	I agree with David V.'s Tip, this is strictly a Japanese Curry house (not Katsu house) and they do it right!!I've been a handful of times and the curry is always consistent and has great flavor. In addition, I like/enjoy:-You basically build y our own curry plate. You can either start with a plain plate and add on items, or just order one of their set plates.-You can change the spicy level, but you pay for anything above spice level 5-They have Curry Udon now!!!  -Chicken Katsu is a thick cut,  not dry and fried well.-Jasmine Tea is good-Spinach Curry is a good way to get the greens in without taking away from the curry. I would definitely come back, and grab take out from time to time.
5	We lived in Japan for 3 years and became obsessed with Japanese style curry. Short of hopping on a plane back to our favorite Curry restaurant in Yokohama, this place is the best! The curry is perfectly seasoned, all proteins are cooked very well and portions are a good size.
5	Best tasting curry in town... I tried a lot of places. And this is the best by far. Nice and simple. Nothing to crazy
5	My hunny 's family had taken my son and I here before and all the food was on point to the point we crave their curry dishes often. Each time we have gone we have amazing service everyone is kind and welcoming and the food is very reasonably priced and everything is delicious.  My son's favorite is sausage curry, and gyoza as the appetizer.  We will always keep coming back :)
5	2 years later I returned to visit my grandma.  This place is just as good as it was before but it has expanded!  This food is so great - the chicken and pork cutlets are so perfect (perfect amount of fat in the meat, perfect panko breading and fried perfectly).  The curry is so good and the price so reasonable.I'm glad they expanded to allow for more people to eat this delicious food.  I'll return here every time I come to Vegas.
5	First off, I just wanted to say that anyone who knows me knows that I love love love curry! Japanese and Thai Curry to be precise! Growing up, my mom's home made curry was always the best. I mean, who doesn't love 'mom's' cooking, right? As unfortunate as it was, I moved to Vegas and the months grew to years; my taste bud fell short, unsatisfied by the curry palettes offered in Vegas. Almost everything was a hit or miss! It was either the curry sucked and the meat was perfect, or the other way around. Booo!Any ways, long story short, I found this place off of yelp and it was a romantic story between my dish and I. Love at first sight. I couldn't keep myself away! Is it bad that I COULD EAT IT EVERYDAY!? NO PUN INTENDED. LOL. Meat ever so tender, various side options to satisfy the texture cravings, and curry spices to what ever heat you wish! Simply amazing. Aside from the food being tastey, service is and always has been delightful. The End.
5	Wanted something with rice and this hit the spot. Got curry with chicken and vegetables. I would come again if I had the time.
4	The curry is very tasty. Very savory, perhaps slightly too salty for my taste, but I can't deny the fact that salt can be so yummy.I've been here twice now. I got mild spicy and I would rate that as a 4 out of 10. So for people that aren't into spicy, make sure to order extra mild. Spice is so tough to calibrate though, sometimes I order a 4/10 at a thai place and it comes out 6/10 and some other places when I order medium the spicy level is 3/10. Oh well, spicy is dependent on each cook too. So, just order what you think you can handle that day.I had the veggie curry then added meat to it. I enjoyed that veggies in the curry a lot. I highly recommend that.
3	Running around Vegas gave us the late night munchies. We were so happy that this spot  was open late!  I drowsily shuffled myself into the brightly lit and chipper restaurant. I was hungry! The menu was very simple. It focuses on the homemade curry sauce and the katsu. For the small amount of food on the plate, the prices were kind of high. We ordered the pork katsu and curry and added a side of veggies to make the plate more substantial. Bummer that there isn't a veggie and meat combo curry because adding the veggie side really bumped up the price of our dish. I'm used to Chinatown prices where you can get a substantial meal for $12. This was more of a snack for that price. My favorite part of the visit were the delicious bright pink, free pickles that sat on the table. The jar was full when our party of 3 arrived but when we left it was only 1/4 full. Noms.
5	I'll keep it short, this is the best curry in Las Vegas,
5	Nom nom nom!!!! This place is absolutely delicious!Love the chicken katsu, pork katsu, shrimp and always curry spicy level 4!!Very friendly, very welcoming.Nice little addition: cute seat cushions glued to the bench for your comfort and safety :D
5	Food is extremely good and very nice staff. Highly recommend to try if haven't been already! Chicken katsu curry is the most common order and super yummy!
5	It's a great curry house, not to be confused with a katsu house.  Always end up being super stuffed since everything is so delicious and we over order.Make sure you order the curry bread soon as you get your server.  NYE we went and were told a lady who just came in ordered the last 12.  Night before, we were told the table who came in after us ordered the last two orders.  Fried oysters are done right, fried shumai delish!  Gyoza spot on as well as the takoyaki.  One thing I would probably pass on is the clam chowder, it was good, but not my style of chowder.Chicken katsu curry with corn, spice level 7 with a side of spam.  Throw in some of the red pickled veggies and almonds, and you are golden!
5	I have a new favorite curry place and this is it!  The Curry House restaurants in Orange County and Torrance had been my previous favorites, but this place just kicks it up a notch. While getting a foot massage next door I looked on yelp to find something good for dinner, and the reviews convinced me to try it. After going back and forth about what to try, I saw the food delivered to the table next to me and just had to ask for exactly the same thing. The gentleman said it was double chicken katsu curry with sausage and corn, and I'll be damned if it wasn't every bit as awesome as he said, but more on that later. To get started we had the edamame which was perfectly steamed and topped with the large sea salt crystals that were a great flavor addition without being too salty. We also had the gyoza which were good, but not particularly remarkable in any way. In hind sight I should not have ordered the appetizers because I would soon be stuffed beyond capacity and feeling like an overfilled water balloon! When the meal came the chicken was super moist and tender, with super flakey and crispy breading that blew away my expectations. The rice was perfectly done and sticky like it should be, mixing nicely with the curry. The corn was served beside the rice in a little pile, just begging to be mixed in, and the sausage looked like hotdogs but certainly didn't taste that way- more like a Polska Kielbasa with great flavor. The guy next to me sliced everything up and mixed it together, so when in Rome...well you know. Anyway, to make a long review even longer, I will add that the curry had excellent flavor and really brought the whole thing together nicely.  It was so good I think the only thing that could have made it better was getting it for free- actually, I am in town on business so I guess that means it was free after-all!  Guess I should go buy a lottery ticket now, cause I feel like I hit the jackpot with Curry House Zen tonight!
4	I Have moved from Hawaii where I have eaten Curry House almost every single day and had been looking for a replacement for the longest time. I finally found the most delicious curry from Japanese Curry Zen. My first sitting here was with my husband and my friend Jahi. It was his birthday and we wanted to try a new place in town. The service was amazing and the waiters were very nice. We ordered our food and it came out pretty fast. The waiters are always asking if we need anything or how they can help.
5	I've been a fan of Curry Zen since they've opened. Food: A fine example of how keeping things simple and focusing on a specialty delivers a reliable, quality experience. I think they've recently expanded their menu a bit but I have always been thoroughly impressed with their Japanese curry. The curry itself is standard for their dishes. You pick your meat or veggie option, pick your level of spice and they add rice and voila...you have an awesome dish. They also have a list of add-ons that you would typical see at other places like ramen spots.Facilities: They've recently expanded (that's a good sign). And now they're double the size that they were when they opened. There might be a wait....but given how fast they get their food ready...wait times shouldn't be a problem. but as a guest, please keep to the same manners as you would with Monta next door...don't hand around...get in...eat your food...and dip. Staff: This is more of a food-service spot so, by design, the staff won't chat it up too much. But they are friendly, quick with service and check back frequently. Now I am getting hungry.
