5	Just opened 2 weeks ago.  We went with a group of 6.  Great food and great service. We all had salads that were ample enough for 2 and only $5.  We ordered Halibut, NY Strip and Filet.  All of the dishes cames with a starch (potato or rice). Ended out night with Molten Chocolate Cake and Mom's Carrot Cake.  Which were both very good - would go for the Molten cake.  Definetly the place to go.  Entrees are from $22 - $30 (Lobster tails are $35).  Sides are extra but feed 3 people.  Great place.
5	Went there relatively early on a Friday night.First impressions: it's a big place, but because the restaurant wraps around the front of the building, it doesn't seem like it when you first come in. Contemporary decor and some really cool booths for big groups. Great view of the Uptown skyline (ask for a window seat if you can)Service: EXCELLENT! Probably the best I've gotten in Charlotte. The owner (who we not only met but poured our wine) was the general manager for the Morton's in Chicago, and it shows. Everyone from the hostess to our server to the manager were cordial, geniune, and prompt. Little touches like coat check, pro-actively refilling our wine glasses, and discretely clearing were much appreciated! It's also a good sign when the owner takes a personal interest in the customers - we saw Jon spending serious time at tables, talking with people, helping his team.Food: Very, very good! We went with an all seafood theme tonight. The calamari (with a thai glaze) was awesome stuff, addictive. The crab dip was also very good, with big real chunks of crab. We split the G salad, which was also tasty.For our meals, my wife had the Mahi Mahi with a lobster sauce - lip-smacking good! I had the shrimp and grits, considered a small plate. It was a FULL size portion of grits with shrimp, crab and a giant diver scallop (also has andouille sausage). Excellent rendition - not as good as Magnolia's in Charleston, but among the best I've had in Charlotte and very generous for the price.Value: Very good - a lot of good wine choices under $50 per bottle, appetizers in the $10-$12 range, entree's $13-$25Summary: Big time thumbs up - we'll be back!
4	Good place, great views. Take a bottle of wine out on the patio after dinner for a nice evening. The place does feel 'large' but it's retro and fits the midtown complex pretty well. Definitely worth checking out...
5	Oh wow oh wow. I'm a big fan of Charlotte local eateries, but Dressler's takes the cake...the CHEESECAKE. For days, I've been talking about Jon Dressler's mama's Peanut Butter Cheesecake. OMG it was one of the best desserts I've ever had. But I won't get ahead of myself, let's go through the digs and the meal first. This new location is nestled into the upscale Midtown shopping center and is easy to find and to park. Inside, it's a nicely styled upscale restaurant, complete with comfy booths and a decent sized bar. There is also a nice patio, but it was hella hot, so we chose to dine indoors. Our server was extremely knowledgeable and very friendly, offering suggestions and personal feedback on potential menu choice for all parties. I ordered the Tuna Seared to Perfection - a sizeable piece of sashimi grade tuna, you know it, seared to perfection over a tasty rice cake. The best part was, however, the insanely delicious peanut sauce that was drizzled over the tuna and the plate. It was just enough not to overpower the item. Price wise, it's comparable to other upscale eateries, expect to pay roughly $20-$30 ish per entree, but it is worth it. Completely. All six of us ordered different menu items and adored them. Make sure you hear about the specials too, they sounded great. And back to the cheesecake...it was peanut buttery goodness in one little slice of heaven. Creamy cheesecake with the right amount of peanut butter and the perfect number of chocolate chips, all set on the most delicious chocolate crust. They should seriously make it a menu item, as it was a dessert special the night I went. Jon Dressler made a call to his mother as we were making our way out, and let my mom and I pay compliments to her dessert handiwork. Not only was she extremely humble, but she was just as sweet as her creations. I can't wait to go back to Dressler's for the fantastic food, great service, and, of course, the peanut butter cheesecake.
5	Thank you Dressler family for bringing your Lake Norman restaurant to Midtown! Been here several times to say the least and can't believe I haven't reviewed it yet. Great patio, great view, great service and even greater (yes, I typed that) food!Items that I have eaten that I recommend...the New York Strip, Halibut and the Crab Cakes. Usually revolve around those three. No meal at Dressler's would be complete without the homemade peanut butter cheesecake! Met Live takes place right outside the restaurant on Thursday's & Saturday's!
4	Loved it! This ended up being the perfect place to take my family from out of town on Sat. night. From the moment I made a reservation till the check came the service was excellent. The only reason I did not give this place 5 stars was my entree was a little bland I was hoping for a little more - but you know I didn't listen to the waitresses suggestions so maybe that was my bad. The menu is filled with fresh fish, and steak options. I thoroughly enjoyed the appetizers the calamari was some of the best I've ever had prepared Asian style with peanut sauce and wasabi I could have devoured the whole dish myself...next was the smoked salmon carpaccio I have been thinking about this dish ever since I left. Next time I just might eat the carpaccio as my meal. My dad and sister had the lamb and they raved about it and my little sister ordered the Mahi Mahi there was nothing left on her plate and they do serve you a decent size plate here folks. The trout dish my step-mom and I ordered was a little disappointing needed some sauce or seasoning. I will definitely be back the atmosphere the staff and the food were all top notch. Really sad I didn't save room for dessert next time for sure.
4	Great service and good food. Check it out.
3	After reading all the fanfare, I decided to give it a try.   The decor is chic, classy and elegant but not stuffy.  As for the food (which is my main focus), I say its 'just ok'.... not worth going out of the way for.Plus:  The thick 2 inch diameter crab cake ($9 for 1 or $18 for 2) was good.   It isn't the most gigantic crab cake around (in fact, I think it's a bit small).  It has good flavor, lots of real crab meat, not greasy or dry and tasted just right.  Comes with a small handful of salad greens.Con:  The scallop appetizer ($12) was a disappointment.  I've had MUCH fresher scallop elsewhere.  The 2 scallops are covered with a sweet sauce in disgust but underneath, the texture of the scallops seemed to indicate they've sat around for awhile causing the meat to toughen and lose moistness.  The underlying overly salted taste of the muscle is probably from the scallops sitting in a salty water bath too long.  The preparation is also a failure.   It isn't seared to crispy on the outside as it should.  For the money, I'd NOT recommend spending it on 2 underwhelming scallops.I also got a salad which is decent but nothing to write home about.  All salads are $5, which I think is very reasonablely priced compared to other items on the menu.   As for service, my waitress was attentive and helpful and genuinely nice - thumbs up.I'd say this is a good place for business/social dinners due to it's decor and comfortable setting.  But I'm the type that doesn't mind hole-in-the-walls as long as the food is superb - so this place is not for me.
4	Went here Saturday night, a party of 12, for our work "holiday gathering". First time I had ever been, and kind of ashamed to say first time I even noticed this place. Must have driven by  it a couple dozen times, shopping at Traders Joes, and never once noticed it there. Needless to say, I regret not knowing about this place until now. They seemed comfortable handling such a large party, and judging by the party rooms in the back of the restaurant they have plenty of practice! I can't for the life of me remember our servers names (2 gentlemen) but they handled everything great. Each server basically had one side of a very long table. Great explanations and suggestions from the servers. They were extremely knowledgeable about all the food, and promptly answered any questions we had about the menu. Even getting down to details about how the food is prepped and cooked. That I really loved. The apps were great we had the calamari, and crab dip. We ordered 2 of each and they were gone within minutes.Everyone seemed to really enjoy their food, out of 12, 1 dish was sent back for being under cooked. I loved my food as did my wife, I had the halibut, which according to our server is one of the most popular on the menu. The halibut was cooked perfectly, served on one of the most delicious crab/potato cakes I have ever had. Wife had the lamb, came cooked perfectly. and was delicious. One drink was forgotten, but was comped at the end.Overall, everyone left very happy, all of the staff was great, would love to come back and try it without a huge group!
4	The salmon carpaccio, calamari and tenderloin appetizers were delightful.  I'm looking forward to going back and ordering the crab dip and an entree.  The bartenders were fantastic and I would consider going back just for them.  They said they have half priced appetizers from 5:30-7:30pm during the weekdays (double check that because I had A LOT of yummy wine there tonight and I may have misunderstood).  I'll definitely be back for more.
5	Had lunch at Dressler's the other day - excellent!  Seafood, shrimp & grits was marvelous and the owner and his sister sat and talked with me like I was family - a much appreciated gesture.
4	Let me just get to the point on this one! It was the bomb-diggity dot com! My first telephone contact was with Stefan (restaurant manager) for reservations. He was quite polite and accommodating on the phone, when we arrived at the restaurant, and when he came over to check on us during the evening... way to go handsome Stefan! Me likey the attention! This is our second visit, and our second go 'round with the warm crab dip appetizer. It's soooo delish, laced with quite a bit of blue crab, and topped with melted cheesy Parmesan goodness... yum! However, my eyes did wander over to notice a neighboring guests noshing on some rather delectable looking calamari... note to self to have the calamari on the next visit! My second course was a battle to choose between the Baby Arugula and the G's House salad. Alas, G's House won out and it was on the money, especially when ordered with extra apple slices. My entree of rack of lamb (4 chops) was served up succulent and moist, accompanied by the potatoes au gratin. My compliments went to the chef because my "a little done with still some pink" request came back perfect! Wait service from Aloma was on point! She had great suggestions, offered truthful information when asked, had the right amount of conversation, and was quite attentive throughout our long overstay... Me and the bestie were dining, chatting, and keeping tabs on the SNF game via our cellies! Yes, cells out and in use, at the table of a fine dining establishment... whaaaat???  Seriously!  It's the playoffs!!! The #1 Jets fan shared the crab dip, opted out of the green leafy stuff, and ordered the braised beef short rib with sour cream mashed 'taters. The generous portion of boneless beef was tender and covered with just the right amount of sauce. She was quite pleased with her meal and longed for seconds! Indeed, her meal was the perfect prelude to a victory over the Pats!  And the perfect set-up for my Steelers!No room for dessert this time, as I had my carryout container with my 3 remaining chops in tow. But second note to self is to save room for Mom's apple cake (a la mode, of course), and/or the peanut butter cheesecake that I have been oblivious to, on the next visit to this Midtown gastronomical phenom!!!  Loves it!
4	Loved it! One of my new favorites. I never order fish but the halibut sounded good and it was delish. Everyone I was with really enjoyed their meal and our waiter was fantastic. Dessert was great too. One of the owner's mom's recipes for carrot cake and cheesecake. I definitely recommend it.
3	Let me start by saying that the food was really good. I ordered a G's House salad (greens, caramelized onions, apples, sugared walnuts, goat cheese, balsamic vinaigrette) and the Almond NC Trout entree (with mushrooms, asparagus, beurre blanc). I would happily order both again. Here's where they lost points in my book: Price wise, you're looking at $30+ per person without alcohol so you could say that it's supposed to be upscale dining. A few little things made me feel otherwise. The server was just un-interested. It took him a while to get to our table to say hello. Then after we ordered drinks and salads, I asked if they had a bread basket. He says, "Oh, yeah. We do. Do you want some?" Yup, that's why I'm asking. He brought it and it was cold and stale. The food presentation needs work. (And, please get rid of the cheap diner-style salt and pepper shakers.)3.5 stars
5	This place has fantastic food.  Yes, it is pricey.  By the time all was said and done it was close to ~$45 a person.   But wow.   Calamari appetizer is the best calamari I've ever had.   The tuna appetizer was also outstanding and I could have had it as a meal - it was beautiful.  Crab cake entree was really great too - so many places have nasty crab cakes with mostly breading.  Hubby had pork chop which looked great.   We've been here twice now, and plan to go back soon!  Food is truly lovely.  We've had good service both times as well.
4	Big fan of Dressler's - especially for their desserts! So glad they have a midtown location now as I don't get up to Birkdale very often. Dressler's is located in the Metropolitan so there is plenty of parking in the deck, and it's got a great spot as there is outdoor seating on a patio with a beautiful view of the city skyline as well as couches along the side of the restaurant to sit at and have drinks while listening to the live music that Metropolitan frequently has on nice summer nights. There is a decent bar area inside with a crazy selection of wine, beer and liquor drinks. Be sure to make reservations if you want to have a sit down dinner on a weekend; it can get pretty busy. Service is always very good and the food is fabulous. I've had the crab cakes, Halibut, Mahi Mahi and Salmon - all were very good. And the calamari appetizer is a must. As was mentioned in other reviews, the homemade desserts are out of this world. The peanut butter cheesecake and chocolate cake were fantastic. In the end, Dressler's is a little pricey but worth every penny. And a great place to meet with friends for some outdoor catching-up/drinking. And be sure to save room for dessert as it's worth every calorie!
4	Finally cashed in my Groupon Deal and visited Dressler's at Metropolitan for the first time. All in all, I enjoyed it.The beer I ordered was out, but no biggie, I just picked a different one. The G's House Salad was DELICIOUS. I don't normally get too excited about salad, but this one was good. Am I seriously raving about a salad?Anyway...I ordered the scallops special. I'll be honest, it was a little salty for me. Tasty, but salty. It comes with a ham hock reduction (thus the salt) and a bit of lobster. I was torn between this and the halibut, which I hope to try sometime.Can I rave about the coffee for a minute? I'm hardly a coffee snob -- I couldn't tell you what makes a coffee "good" -- but their coffee was WONDERFUL. It was honestly the best part of the meal, and that's not a knock on the food. It was just...GOOD COFFEE.I was too full for dessert, but there were some appealing choices. Maybe I'll stop in sometime for that peanut butter cheesecake. Something tells me it'd be worth it.
1	Walked in, walked out.  Never have I been to a restaurant of this caliber that had such an overwhelming odor of fish (salmon, I believe.)Neither my wife nor I like salmon, so we cancelled our reservation.  (I knew Dresslers had quite a few seafood items on the menu, but was not expecting the overwhelming smell.)
3	I've only been for cocktails and appitizers but all of their food looks amazing. Their crab dip, calamari and wedge salad are good and i've always received great service.Also, looks like a great place for parties as they have two large private rooms. Can't wait until it cools off because their patio is great especially when they have live music!
3	"If I got nothing good to say, then say nothing at all"  Hmm... in that case most of my reviews will be pretty blank lol.  So, here're something good: warm decor; good view by the windows (thank you to Duke Energy building, since it makes up majority of that view).  I have been to the Birkdale location before.  I remember I almost melted by their crabcakes.  My first visit to the Met location, and I can't say the same about the food.The french onion soup and the wedge salad were both solid, but they are hardly difficult to master.  I had the halibut, which came highly recommended.  The fish was bland, a little bit overcooked maybe, but definitely bland.  The potato cake at the bottom was flavorful though.  The ribeye was... tricky.  We seriously had to do a double take to make sure it wasn't a filet.  It was in a shape of a filet... cut into it and it was lean like a filet.  Turns out that's what they called "the HEART of ribeye."  I don't know about anyone else, but I say that's kinda silly.  If I want a lean cut of small portion steak, I would have ordered a filet.  People who love ribeye normally like the fatty part for the juicy flavor factor along with the size of a normal ribeye entree.  We felt cheated that part of the ribeye experience.  And in part it's our fault for not reading the menu carefully.  I spoke with another server I met after this dinner, and he said he always "warns" people about that, obviously we're not the only one who misunderstood this dish.The service was subpar.  They didn't even bring a steak knife, which I assume is bare minimum of a service where they charge $30 for a steak.  Don't get me wrong, the server was nice, but again it's all about expectations.  For fine dining, we were expecting more... and we're slightly disappointed.
4	My roomie and I went to Dresslers to grab a quick bite at the bar before a show. I asked the servers recommendation between two dinner plates and he said crab-cakes - but rather than let me simply order the $19 meal, he said you know we have an app portion and it's half off apps at the bar m-f! So I ended up getting that and the seared tuna and a delicious malbec all for $20- you really cannot beat that price! And oh was he not kidding about the crab-cakes - almost zero filler and some of the best remoulade I've ever had! The tuna was cooked perfectly (but I felt it could use a tad bit of something- perhaps citrus?) Overall both dishes were very large for an appetizer portion and I was completely full after two. Great service from the bartender, convenient locale, and we were in and out in a short period of time in order to make our show- so I will definitely return!
4	If you are one of those people who are put off by a gorgeous interior, professional staff, or a leather bound wine list...don't be. Don't get me wrong. Dressler's is upscale dining, but pretentious is a word I would NOT use to describe it. The atmosphere is like a loosened up Del Frisco's. The staff are helpful, professional, and most of all, friendly. You will feel right at home at Dressler's. The menu has a lot to offer, and a lot of it is surprisingly well priced, for what one might expect. The portions are large, but not overly so. Here is what I've had and what I recommend you have too: Seared tuna appetizer--comes with a great seaweed salad. Thai Calamari--love it. It reminds me of the calamari at The Liberty, but better. I'm loving the strips. I really enjoyed the horseradish encrusted salmon as well as the roasted mahi with butternut squash risotto. I once snagged a bite of the braised beef short rib and it was falling of the bone delicious. There is so much that I want to try! The G's house salad, I might add is 6 DOLLARS, and HUGE. Add protein of choice and that is a light meal that can't be beat. Please oh please, if you enjoy a molten chocolate cake, get the chocolate cake dessert. The center is not warm, but it is liquidy decadence. I would also recommend Mom's apple cake. It's less cakey, and more crumbly. The comforting combination of apples and caramel make it for the win. Please share (with me!) Go to Dressler's. You might surprise yourself.
5	Dressler's is hands down my favorite restaurant in Charlotte! Amazing food, friendly staff, and wonderful service.  It's an upscale restaurant with a friendly down home kind of feel.  In fact the owner, Jon even came by our table last time I was there to introduce himself.  You won't find that at too many upscale restaurants.  If you're looking for great food and welcoming atmosphere I would recommend that you definitely check out Dressler's!
1	My friend and I went there off peak hours (3:00), nobody was there. Got appetizers it wasn't anything to mention about. We were there for steaks, so here where it all went down hill. Waiter was a moron in the first place. He bought out our steaks and left without our side items we ordered. We both cut into our steaks it was over cooked. I had order a medium rare, it looked more like medium well. Took about 10 mins to even see anybody I even went all around the restaurant. Nobody was there! So he finally came back to check on our steaks which he should have been there for cutting of the steaks in the first place. He said it looks a bit done, so he'll take it back. Moron bought back the same steaks just reheated it and said, the Chef thinks it's about right, maybe it's just the lighting! Are you serious!? Unless you can reverse cook something...what?! I'm baffled!! So we said, it's really dry..and at this point, there is no pink anymore! So he had the chef fired 2 brand new steaks...which we thought it's taking a long time for it. This time the steaks were done the way we want it. You can actually see pink and red center, but I noticed some funny tastes to the side items. I didn't eat much of it. We felt like we had troubled them enough even though it's not our fault. We didn't even touched our order of mushrooms side, I didn't finish most anything on my plate either, yet he didn't bother with asking us if we wanted it to go, not that I would have taken it home anyway. Maybe I should have to use it as evidence that everything had a weird taste to it and have it examined. With all that said after we got home both of us were sick afterwards. Then I figured it had that medicine tastes on the sides...must be laxative or some sort. Can't be a coincidence we both had the same sickness at the same time. NOT GOING THERE AGAIN! FU Dresslers! If it's fatal...I'm sueing.
3	Probably the best service I've had recently while dining out and the most delicious $7 glass of cab sav. I was disappointed with my dining partner's short rib- it was rather dry. However my lamb was cooked perfectly. The calamari is special and worth coming in for. However for these prices I thought I would be dazzled and I was content but not amazed.
5	We had friends in from out-of-town and we went to dinner here Saturday night - the evening was perfect! I love the valet parking option - especially on a cold evening. The decor is welcoming, the staff were friendly, and the view was beautiful. We enjoyed the calamari app and some delicious wine. The four of us created our own "surf & turf" by ordering two of the "Just for the Halibut" entrees and two beef entrees. (One filet, one bone-in ribeye.) Of course we had the must-have Mom's cheesecake: this time is was chocolate cheesecake. YUM! When I want to make sure I will have a great dining experience, I know that I can always count on Dresslers.
4	Hello QC home cookin!!  I love local spots that break me away from my beloved chain restaurants.  Dresslers is that upscale local flavor that fits in perfectly in Midtown.  Inside is very classy and refined, while outside is picturesque and has views of the skyline.  It can get a little pricey when you include alcohol but such is the way of a worthy restaurant.  The entrees are rich and sized proportionally to what you should eat.  Not the "american" feed bag size platter.  It's just right.  My favorite dinner was the Shrimp and Lobster Linguini.  You will love it and the staff is very helpful if you have any questions about the menu.  Trust me, you will leave happy..Enjoy-Ian M.
5	I have eaten here numerous times as well as their first restaurant. I really cannot think of a thing bad to say about this place other than I just hate it when the food on my plate is all gone. Especially Jon's Mothers desserts. The cheesecake is completely out of this world. She put a whole lot of love into those delicacies. Everything from the coffee to salads, baked potatoes, and steaks are wonderful and full of flavor. Chef Scott really knows how to cook a steak. And no matter how thick it is, if you order it well-done, don't expect it to be cut open to check if it is done. He is just that good of chef to know when a steak is done without having to gash into it. They have always came out full of juice and so flavorful. The salmon and lamb is also something that is very good here. I have never had anything go wrong here. We love it here.
3	I love Dressler's, I really do, but was not wow'ed as I'd hoped by their Queen's Feast cuisine.  Don't get me wrong, I will be back.  I wish there had been one of their signature salads on the menu, instead of the bacon and blue cheese drenched wedgie.  The Thai calamari stood up to its name.  My salmon entree was delicious. As my mom said-the best salmon she has ever eaten at a restaurant (salmon snob, that one).  My dad's steak however, was waaay undercooked (he asked for medium and got two steps up from carpaccio), and also really lacking in flavor.  I typically go GA GA over the molten chocolate cake here, but it was overdone and solid all the way through.  Bummer for me!  I really hope it was because the restaurant was slammed and that Dresslers will be just as I left it the next time around.
4	Was down in Charlotte this past year and found this place in the Charlotte magazine from the hotel room.  So glad we decided on Dressler's for this nights dinner.  The food was just great and the calamari app was the best I think I have ever had anywhere.  It was a beautiful night so we ate outside.  The view is just awesome overlooking the Charlotte skyline.  Can't wait to go back!
4	The menu is incredible with amazing flavors.  The food is polished and not over done.  The restaurant is comfortable and beautiful with a view from the city skyline that is perfect for a romantic evening.  The service is wonderful, with the right amount of attention that is not over bearing.
4	Very nice interior which lends itself to a very comfortable dining experience.  Little hesitation at hostess stand while she ended her conversation without even acknowledging our presence but once she hung up, we were seated near window overlooking patio.  I know the restaurant has no control over the plaza and the people that gather there but we watched 20 to 25 runners (?) warm up, stretch, swig water and spit all within our view point.  Was not able to see this until they raised blinds.  Staff might want to wait until runners have left area directly within eyesight before raising blinds.  Ribeye was totally different - chef removes outer fat rim and you are left with what looks like a filet Mignon but once you cut into steak you quickly realize it is not a filet.  Not sure if it was just this piece or this is normal (again have never seen a trimmed ribeye like this) but it was not as tender as a normal cut ribeye.  Flavor was good - blackening spices not over done.  Onion soup is heavenly but you can easily remove the first layer of skin on the roof of your mouth if not careful.  Wines by glass were a very nice selection - still can not fathom why reds are served at "room temperature"  which is close to 70 or 72 - they should be cooler.  Spinach salad was adequate - bacon bits were akin to gravel but once pushed out of the way, salad was lightly dressed which is a big plus, not the usual drenching of the greens.  Waiter talked us into dessert because "Mom" made it and he was so right.  Best carrot cake ever.  Will be back soon.
4	The service was great.  The food was good.  However, the portions were small...especially for the price.  We got the Calamari as an appetizer.  It was good, but had a lot of wasabi on it.  If I had it to do over, I would have ordered it without that and I would have liked it better.I had the crab cakes as my meal with a side of Mac and cheese.  The crab cakes were delicious, but you only get 2 fairly small ones.  I could easily handle three which seems a little more proportionate for a dinner. The Mac and cheese was good.My girlfriend got the flounder special which she said was really good.Add two cups of coffee and 20% tip and our meal was a little over $90.I will definitely go back because there were several items on the menu that looked good.
5	If you are looking for a great restaurant in Charlotte, do be sure to visit Dressler's for dinner....and if you're lucky enough to have Clark K. as your waiter, then you'll dub him Superman as we did!  My hubby and I (from NYC) were visiting my best friend and her hubby and celebrating her birthday...so expectations were high.  We dine out in NY almost 3x/week and have had varied experiences, some frustrating and some amazing,  and we wrongly thought that Dressler's could even compete.  We willingly gave it a try on Saturday night and were thoroughly impressed.  I will state without reservation that the food was wonderfully presented and quite delicious; but for me, the make or break for any restaurant is its front-line staff ,which is equally as important as the chef's skill.  I tend to regard the waitperson's role as ambassador for the restaurant.Clark is the consummate professional -- he was friendly, showed great attention to the details, big and small, and offered us superior service.  One key thing was that he didn't badger us with information the moment we sat down, he allowed us the time to enjoy our cocktails and our friends.  He read our table perfectly and approached at the right time throughout the entire evening.  How many times have waiters/waitresses rudely interrupted your conversation with specials or to ask if you're enjoying your meal, while you are trying to chew or rushing you out because they are at the end of their shift?  Clark, not only did not employ any of the above but he shared his wonderful personality with each of us individually and as a group.  I've never felt better attended to or respected as a diner as I did with him.Our simple Wedgie Salads were fresh, nicely presented and tasty.  The Thai calamari was a great twist on an old favorite.  Our entrees which included flounder, seared tuna and two types of steak were enjoyed and consumed happily.We will definitely return to Dressler's when we visit again and will keep our fingers crossed for another wonderful experience with our Superman!
5	I don't think I've ever given a place a 5 star review after the first visit.  I generally don't think it's a good idea because I tend to get food-struck at a lot of restaurants.  But I can tell this is more than just passing 'Whoa!!' moment - this place is just absolutely fantastic.The decor inside is very modern upscale, but with a whole lot of color thrown around the place.  The tables were spaced out nicely without being overly crowded.  The staff was very welcoming and friendly.  Our server Jason was probably the best server I've ever had - he really made some great recommendations and was very attentive and friendly.  I could tell that was really enthusiastic about this place.  He even asked from the start whether we had a Groupon, and he really took that as an opportunity to showcase some of the best items on the menu.To start with, my partner and I ordered the calamari, which was drizzled with a Thai peanut sauce and came with a Wasabi aioli (he thought the aioli was wonderful; horseradish of any kind is my kryptonite).  It was perfectly cooked, and the best calamari I've ever had.  For entrees, my partner ordered the 'Just for the Halibut' (I just love the catchy name).  The halibut was tender and perfectly looked, and the spinach and chive potato cake were also quite wonderful.  I ordered the sauteed mahi mahi, which came with a gnocchi, bacon, and asparagus tips - the flavors paired together so well, it's one of the top 5 meals I've ever eaten.  For dessert, I ordered the apple cake and he ordered the carrot cake.  The apple cake was good but needed more of the caramel drizzle.  The carrot cake was truly fabulous!  I loved the icing, which was not too sweet and heavy on the cream cheese flavor.  Paired with our wine selections, it was an absolutely fabulous meal.The downsides: even with our Groupon, which we had $50 to spend, we still spend an additional $60 + tip.  The parking situation at the Metro is a bit of a nightmare, having to fight the massive amounts of people in the crowded parking garage.  However, they do offer valet parking if you're into that sort of thing.Was it a little pricey?  Yes.  Was it worth it?  EVERY PENNY!  I can't wait until another special occasion where I can splurge on a wonderful dinner here.  This place made an already wonderful day into a perfect one.  Thanks Dressler's - and especially, thanks to our waiter Jason!
4	When here yesterday with the Hubby for our date night dinner and a movie. Hostess was nice and greeted us. Our server was fabulous as we (wish I could remember his name). My husband and I order the crab dip which was amazing!! A must get. We also ordered the wedge also good, I got the Just for the halibut, fish was great, potato cake that comes with it not so much. My Husband got the seafood and grits with a tomato sauce, it was ok a little under season. Also Tim, the owner sent a carrot cake to the table after speaking to my hubby and it was divine!!! So great since I am a carrot cake expert. Overall the food was delicious, the wait staff can't be beat and the atmosphere was great as well. I would definitely be back and recommend to a friend.
1	Lunch review. Will not be coming back for lunch. Calamari salad was good but needed xtra avacodo. Shrimp and Grits was bad. They used small and ugly shrimp and the sausage suck. Chicken sandwich was dry. Tuna gyro was over cooked with no taste and thier crab and pasta salad tasted like garbage. The service was awesome.
5	Dressler's has a HalfOffDepot.com deal all the time. I had been there once on a business meeting dinner, and loved it - so I took my boyfriend back using the half off deal.The food is excellent, and always is. Our bubbly and informative waiter started us off with the Thai Crispy Calamari appetizer ($11). It's crunchy and savory, tossed in a house made  thai peanut glaze with wasabi aioli.We shared  the G's House Salad ( $6 )With mixed greens, goat cheese, apple caramelized onions, candied walnuts, balsamic vinaigrette. This salad is super savory and this is when I fell inlove with goat cheese.Then we made our entree orders. I got the 'Just for the Halibut'  ($29) with lump crab on top and amazing sauce this entree was terrific. The fish was tender and flaky, and I wish I could bottle the sauce and take it home to use on my own cooking.My boyfriend had the Ribeye ($29) which was cooked perfectly, I had to reach across the plate and grab some.Finally - even though we were stuffed- we ordered carrot cake to go so we could enjoy it later. I also would suggest Mom's Apple Cake, which I had previous to this visit.Overall great experience, staff, atmosphere and food. We've already got another deal for Dressler's!
4	I love the trendy decor of Dressler's! The restaurant is very spacious with subtle hints of red/orange. There is patio seating available, which we took advantage of but sadly got rained on =/ We made sure to grab our soups before we ran inside though! We looked MILDLY confused, standing at the door with our soups, before the staff kindly directed us to the dry tables inside lol Our waiter, Taylor was very sweet and accommodating. He brought us new drinks and was very tentative throughout the meal (plus, he was a cutie! lol)I was surprised at how affordable the lunch prices were for a fancier restaurant. Most of the dishes were about $12 and under. The soups of the day were Brocolli Cream and Tomato Parmesan. OF COURSE we had to get one of each. We also ordered the "Thai Crispy Calamari" as the appetizer. There was a kick of wasabi in the sauce, which was unexpected but nonetheless enjoyable. Although, they weren't very crispy which was disappointing. My friend and I both got the "Grilled Chicken and Risotto." The risotto was made perfectly and the chicken was very flavorful. I'm tempted to try the shrimp and grits or the fish  tacos next time! Last, I got creme brulee as dessert. It was very succulent and sweet, but very enjoyable! I got it to-go though so the presentation was horrible. I guess you can't expect to-go creme brulee to be pretty though. Everything was delicious, but nothing out of the ordinary. Overall: beautiful/trendy ambiance, great service, good food.
5	This is my first 5 Star rating but it is very well deserved.  Went for dinner on "date night" with my wife and was looking for somewhere different.  This location has been here for a while but, for some reason, I've never heard of it.  My criteria when looking for a new restaurant is that it has to have options for my pescaterian wife (no meat, just fish) and certain fish at that.  Checking around on YELP I found Dresslers.Pulling up the parking situation looked confusing so we Valeted.  The inside decor was classy and modern and they had a nice bar.  I made reservations and it was still a bit early at 6:30 on a Saturday night and there wasn't many people inside, but we were offered outdoor seating.  It was gorgeous last night so we went outside.  That's where all the people were, what an awesome outdoor area!  They had these massive, sun blocking umbrellas which did a nice job of making it comfortable outside.  Our waiter Clark Kent (really) introduced himself and took us through the menu.  I chose the Spicy Thai Calamari and my wife had the house salad for an appetizer.  The calamari were tender strips of calamari with a nice Thai, tossed in a nice light Thai peanut sauce and drizzled with wasabi sauce.  Perfect is the best way to describe it!  I hate going to a nice restaurant and getting the calamari "rings" which seem artificial to me.  These were, again, perfect.  The House salad went over well also.I ordered a special of blackened grouper over a sweet corn, cream sauce which was again, perfect.  It was blackened lightly and cooked to perfection.  Sometimes when you order grouper you sometimes think you've gotten a different fish.  Also, in Charlotte I sometimes think back to the time McCormick and Schmicks was caught substituting a cheaper fish for something more expensive.  This was the real deal for sure.  The combination of the blackened and sweet corn / sauce combination was something from the heavens.  My wife ordered the "Just for the Halibut" and was also impressed.  Nice, flaky fish over a potato cake with a sauce.  Nicely done!We finished up with a homemade, light Key Lime Pie which was a nice cap for the evening.All in all, Dresslers will be my new go to spot for a night out whether it's for business or a fun night out with friends.  The menu was diverse enough to offer something for everyone, even my wife who found many options to choose from.  The waitstaff was attentive, informative and enhanced my dining pleasure.  I always prefer a locally owned restaurant vs. a chain and Dresslers is a place that should be cherished in this town.  I'll see you soon guys!
5	As I make my way through this life, I'm always on the lookout for a chance to celebrate.  When it comes to celebration, Champagne is perfect starting point--especially if it's from a big bottle.  Large format Champagne is tough to come by in the Old North State, so I knew I'd stumbled across a gem when Jon Dressler granted my longstanding wish, helping me celebrate my birthday in style.  Tim Buchanan (the GM) does a great job with the wine list, and shared a fantastic late harvest chardonnay that was a memorable treat.The restaurant itself is beautifully appointed.  It is divided into several dining rooms and a patio that both wrap around the first floor of the Metropolitan, providing a great view of the Uptown skyline.  Dark wood, heavy curtains and a deep red palette give the interior a modern, upscale feel.  Everything combines to create a trendy setting, while providing an intimate dining experience.  The dining room was bustling, but the layout made it feel like our party of 6 had the place to ourselves.The food is excellent.  The menu includes an array of steak and seafood dishes with a Southern flair.  There are a lot of restaurants in the QC that attempt such menus, Dressler's delivers.  I had the filet, but my friends also enjoyed the pan seared trout, sauteed mahi and crispy duck entrees.  I highly recommend dessert, especially if the title features "Mom's."  I'm told these desserts are from the secret archives of Mama Dressler herself.  Mom's Peanut Butter cheesecake was a fantastic finish to a great birthday dinner.
5	I was thoroughly impressed with everything about Dresslers. The food was excellent. I had the calamari, crab cakes and carrot cake. The customer service was on point, not too nosey but very attentative, and everyone just seemed to be a great mood. The ambiance was nice as well. The back room has very classy decor along with a great view of the outdoor patio and Charlotte skyline. I would wholeheartedly recommend this place, and you can bet that I will be going back.
4	Our first time, but not our last. Caesar was fine, shrimp cocktail was good, but presented on a plate, prefer martini glass. Entrees were excellent, short rib was huge and tasty. My filet was one of the best I've had and done perfectly. Service was excellent. Kent our server has a winning personality and wit. Franciscan cab was a good wine, but at $46, a bit pricey for that brand. We certainly will be back.
4	I think I'm going to create a new rule for Yelping.  Before giving a 5 Star rating....go more than once.  I went last night to celebrate a friends birthday, we had a party of seven.  After dining at Dresslers 2 months ago and awarding it my first 5 star rating because the total experience was so wonderful I decided to choose it as our place to celebrate.I called ahead to make reservations and informed them that it was a very special occasion and that we requested the best server in the house (Clark Kent) and the best table.  Upon arrival the "Birthday Boy" was acknowledged and greeted and off we go for a wonderful experience.  Again, let me reiterate the decor of Dresslers is wonderful.  There was a nice mix of people and I was seated so that I was facing the patio of the Hickory Tavern next store which made for good people watching.  Were were greeted by Clark and had cocktails before ordering.  The Pear Martini's seemed to be a big hit.  Appetizers were ordered and the Spicy Thai Calamari was hands down the winner as it was ordered by most everyone at the table.  The birthday boy even stated that "it was one of the top 3 calamaris" he's ever had.  The seared Ahi Tuna was nicely prepared and rubbed with Chinese 5 Spice, the anise in the spice made for a conflicting flavor and IMO should be removed.  My wife ordered the smoked salmon carpaccio which was wonderfully smoked and served with shaved Parmesan, the flavors blended nicely together for a very well done appetizer.Just for the Halibut was the entree of choice for most of the table.  Everyone was pleased with the dish.  I had the Striped Bass special which was served with lentil beans that took me back to my grandfather who made the best lentils.  Bass was cooked to perfection along with smoked bacon that complimented both the fish and the beans.  Wonderful choice of a feature earned my compliments to the Chef.  My wife ordered the halibut and subbed out the potato cake for a rice cake which could have been better.  Unseasoned, pressed together rice drudged in sesame seeds made for a "pretty" side, but lacking in flavor.Desserts were great and I enjoyed some of the creamiest cheesecake ever, and the rest of the table liked what they had.  I will also point out, that their coffee was wonderful also.  They do not offer any "fancy" coffee like espresso or latte which would be nice to add to the menu.We had a few "issues" during our service, but as I always say "it's not so much the issues that arise, it's how you handle those issues"  Dresslers, true to form remained classy and handled everything nicely.  We all ended up having a good time.  It wasn't the 5 star experience that I had the first time, but good nonetheless.
5	Dressler's is the kind of restaurant I like going to when I feel like having a very nice and very expensive meal, without having to look as if I'm an investment banker that's just made himself another half-billion dollars on the sale of who knows what, and that's my Mercedes S550 that's parked out front.* I've come here twice now, and both times, I've been knocked off my feet from how outstanding Dressler's is, both to its commitment to fine dining, and the way the staff treats you like an honored guest. Really, they do. Nothing I hate more than being greeted by a surly or condescending host/hostess that shoots you that smug "You're Abe Froman? The Sausage King of Chicago?"** look, while giving you grief over your reservation  - actually, we were 10 minutes late, but they weren't too crowded, so they sat us immediately.Last night was our second visit to Dressler's. We'd been looking forward to coming back after our first visit, which was wonderful in its own right. To our delight, we were offered a table outside. Let me paint the picture for you: you're facing the greenway off Metropolitan Avenue, you have an unfettered view of uptown Charlotte from where you've been seated - and watching the light show on the Duke Tower is truly wonderful - and you couldn't ask for a nicer August evening, free from oppressive humidity. In other words, the perfect spot for a fantastic meal and some people watching.We were greeted by our waiter, who identified himself as Johnny Utah***. Seriously. Helpful, attentive, exactly what you want in a waiter.The wedge salad is a staple in any fine dining establishment, and their Wedgie is no exception. Yeah, it's a wedge salad, but it's a phenomenal wedge salad. I also sampled their grilled sausage, accompanied by some very tasty arugula. Outstanding.For our main course, my wife opted for the ribeye with a side of steamed spinach. The mark of a quality eating establishment can be narrowed down to a simple question: can you grill a good steak? Of course Dressler's can! When you can cut a steak with a fork, you know they're giving you top-quality meats, grilled by someone who knows how to grill a ribeye. She loves their ribeye; it just might be her favorite in town.I went for the seared Mahi, accompanied by gnocchi and a light lemon vinaigrette sauce. Perfect, in its preparation, its size, and its presentation. Best yet, I hadn't even been in the mood for Mahi, but if it looks good on the menu, then I know it's going to taste even better.Finally, yes, what you've heard about Dressler's cheesecakes is absolutely true. Best cheesecake in Charlotte, no question about it. Game over, pal. Dressler's cheesecake is the undisputed heavyweight champion. So good was their featured cheesecake - Oreo Cheesecake! - that my wife called it "pure, concentrated evil that'll make you lose your load." No kidding. I would have ordered a slice of my own, and given myself into such delicious evil.You really can't ask for a better dining experience, without the pomp and pretense. Dressler's is fine dining without the snooty (SNOOTY?) or snobby (SNOBBY?) atmospherics.****When a restaurant is better the second time around, you know you've found a keeper. Dressler's is now on my list of Must-Eat Places. I'm already looking forward to my next visit.* Actually, it was my Mercedes C350. I prefer modesty over extravagance.** Ugh. Did I just quote "Ferris Bueller's Day Off?"*** "Point Break" just so happened to be on last night. Of course I watched it.**** Ugh. Did I just quote "Ferris Bueller's Day Off" again?
4	Went there on a Friday evening.  The atmosphere was exactly what I had hoped for which was not too stuffy although some patrons were taking the casual attire way too far.  We were promptly seated in a location I requested so we could people watch those next door at the Hickory Tavern.Our waiter was extremely nice and not overly pushy which is nice.  We shared some Buffalo shrimp as an appetizer which was fantastic.  Not really a complaint but don't you hate it when there are an odd number so the lat one sits in the dish because you're both being too nice!  I wish I had taken the darn thing!We went on to split a wedge salad which they split for us.  It was very fresh and the dressing was really nice.We both were in the mood for beef.  My date got the filet and I got the NY strip.  Both were cooked to perfection with lots of flavor.  My fries were perfect she enjoyed her sides of mashed potatos and asparagus.All of this with a nice bottle of Pinot.Although Dressler's is not cheap it should not hurt your feelings for what you get.  I will reserve the fifth star for my next visit which won't be long!
1	Pretty weak lunch...calamari salad was tough, cheap Chinese crap, crab dip was edible
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Charlotte for a nice steak dinner. Start with the calamari then on to a signature steak, and apple cake for desert! Great martini menu and drinks. I highly recommend this restaurant for special occasions or a nice night out!
5	There's a reason I've had my birthday dinner here two years in a row. The service is top-notch. I've been here 10 or so times and have never had bad service. The patio is unbelievable - you feel like you are in your own little world, complete with personal server, terrific food and skyline. The food is phenomenal. From the thai-calamari to the 'just for the halibut' to the incredible desserts... there is nothing bad here. When you combine terrific food with strong drinks from the bar, this is a win-win, regardless of your reason for going. Love this place. LOVE!
4	I can make this very simple and break this review down into a few categories:Ambiance/Service:Decent.  We were here on a Sunday night so I understand things are slow and everyone is looking to just get home and watch the games they DVR'd.  But, I just wasn't that impressed when we first arrived.  I mean, you just don't get the feel that this is a high-end, special-occassion restaurant.  We stood there by the hostess stand for several minutes without being greeted by anyone.  The bar was right to our left and the bartender appeared to be busy even though her bar was empty.  Eventually, she came over and we realized it was her job to greet and seat--she acted as if we bothered her with our presence.  We didn't like the vibe upon arrival AT all.  We were celebrating a special occasion and I don't fault them for not knowing that but I was for sure rubbed the wrong way--RIGHT away.  Since the prices compare, I was expecting this to be similar to a Sullivan's or Ruth's Chris in terms of atmosphere, service and professionalism...not even close and those are chains!!We decided not to let mrs empty bar but busy bother us.  Our waiter was very nice and very accommodating.  I wouldn't say he was polished and professional but maybe I was looking for too much.  Food/Wine:The wine selections were plenty and they had 1/2 priced bottles that night!  Nice deal and reasonably priced.We ordered the garlic and goat cheese appetizer based on the waiter's recommendation...It was..hmmm..let's see....it was good.  I mean, it was goat cheese so how couldn't it be?  I think we were expecting a dip but instead it was a block of goat cheese sitting in olive oil with chunks of garlic surrounding it.  It was served with pita bread so you could spread the garlic and goat cheese over the bread.  It was good but nothing special.I ordered the grouper and it was divine.  It was buttery, flaky and a nice chunk of fish.  It had a creamy drizzle on top with tasty, juicy and sweet lump crab on top.  It was amazing.  It was served over a potato cake that was fresh and full of flavor.  It truly was incredible.  I HOUSED every bite, left nothing.Hubby tried the pan seared trout that was served with asparagus and mashed potatoes.  He LOVED it.  The trout was tender, good flavor, fresh, etc.  Everything you would want from a fish dish.  Excellent.  Well done.We didn't get to try the desserts but we are told they are amazing.  I would return but not for a special occasion.  I don't think they have the service situation locked down yet so I would go with low expectations and just for a regular night out.  I'm curious about their steak and how it compares to other places in Charlotte so may give that a shot.
4	Dressler's  was a place that was on my bucket list to go to. My wife took me early this month for my birthday and I was not disappointed . The restaurant had a really nice atmosphere the service,and food was great.
5	Great food, fantastic view, splendid restaurant.WE live in Chicago, and my son and daughter-in-law live in Charlotte.   We go there to visit both the kids AND Dresslers.  It is TOP-NOTCH!
4	Great location for a really good meal!We went there last night for the first time for our 10th wedding anniversary.  It was a really good meal, and although a splurge for us, it was absolutely worth it!ServiceI know that other folks have said they weren't greeted when they arrived, but we were very cordially welcomed by three people as soon as we walked in.  Our server was also very attentive and helpful, so we thought the service was quite good.DinnerWe started with the low country crab dip in which we could see and taste BIG chunks of crab meat.  Yummmmmmy!  For dinner, I had the rack of lamb and my husband had the scallop special.  Both of our meals were delicious, but I LOVED my rack of lamb.  It was a very generous portion, with 5 ribs.  That is more than I've ever gotten elsewhere or even served myself at home, so I was thrilled.  It was also a perfectly cooked medium rare as I asked.  My husband's scallops were big and juicy and he had some sort of red bean leek thing that it was served on which he ate completely up.  We also got a side of spinach which was the right amount of garlicky.  For dessert, I got the chocolate cheesecake special (made by the owner!) and my husband got the carrot cake.  We were both quite happy with our choices.  AmbianceWe had a fantastic view of the Charlotte skyline which was light up nicely.  I always love the Charlotte night city views so we were very happy about that!All in all, we thought it was a great place to celebrate our wedding anniversary.  Also, the Chandon champagnes are served as splits, so you actually get a glass and a half out of them.  That's a trick we were glad to find out!
4	We have been to both locations (Midtown and Birkdale) and both seem to be equally great.  Inside decor is nice although we only see it as we walk thru to the patio seating.  FYI, people watching at Birkdale is probably better but the skyline view of the Midtown location is excellent.  Parking is decent.  I believe there is valet at both places in addition to plenty of street and garage parking within a block.  We always get the crab dip appetizer...yummers!  Our entrees I'm a little fuzzy on as it has been a few months.  I know we've done the crabcakes which were great.  And I'm 99% sure I got the filet mignon once and it was great.  Outside of that I can't exactly recall but I know whatever it was we liked it.  One thing I do know for sure is we get the carrot cake for dessert.  Homemade by Mama Dressler we are told and holy crap is it good...and big.  I think we've even gone once or twice just for dessert alone.We give Dressler's 4.5 carrot cakes out of 5
5	Fantastic pre-wedding dinner (and yes, we got married on 12/12/12 at the courthouse, cause that's how classy people roll!) and everything was perfect! We met some friends there who were going to be our witnesses.  They got there slightly ahead of us, and by the time we were there, they had already ordered a bottle of champagne, and were seated in an awesome banquette that looked back towards the city sky line as the sun set, so it was a perfect prelude to dinner. And since I don't drink anymore, they even had a Redbull on ice for me! The service was really perfect, and our server was hilarious and played along with the whole wedding theme, etc.  He really made the night.  The food more than held it's own.  Too be honest, I only remember what I had, since I was caught up in all the other goings on of the day, but my cowboy rib-eye was cooked perfectly and tasted perfect.  Everyone else cleaned their plates, so I think I'm safe in saying they were thumbs up as well.We'll be back here again I'm sure, hopefully sooner rather than later.
4	Dressler's is outstanding! Besides the quality of the food, the service at this restaurant was above and beyond! My wife and I recently celebrated our 11th Anniversary. I called after I made my OpenTable reservation to see if there was a particular table that was more romantic. In fact, there is! It's called the "Hollywood Table", which has a very high back, stained glass around the top of the high back, situated in a corner away from everyone else, and overlooks uptown! Gorgeous! I also asked if they could buy a dozen roses and place it on the table. And they did ... and didn't even charge us! Their wine selection was superb (Annalisa Moscato). They gave us dessert for free and even a free dessert to take home! Highly recommend to all!
4	One of my favorite seafood restaurants in Charlotte. Every time we have dined here, it does not disappoint. Start with the Crab Dip, too die for, and the Thai Crispy Calamari. As for the entrees, I have enjoyed multiple choices, lobster, tuna, and the halibut, all amazing choices! The service was good, but a little slow. Unfortunately it wasn't  nice enough to sit outside, but take advantage of it when the weather permits, great site of downtown and they have music on certain nights.  I will continue to enjoy Dressler's!
3	OK... I am really not sure if I'd return... I definitely have mixed feelings about my first dinner at Dressler's.1. The ambiance is very chic with a very comfortable layout... with a great view of Charlotte's city lights...2. Service is nice  but out waitress hovered too much... I know there's a fine line between inattentiveness and overly involved but she was definitely in our faces too often. Somebody needs to teach her how to read a customer's nuances... if they are in deep conversation wait a but instead of constantly interrupting... wow... it was annoying.3. Then... the foods... myeh... the food was served a tad cool and was presented as if it was already prepared earlier that afternoon... the seasoning was totally unimaginative. Basically, the meal was forgettable for the prices...So, if this was a restaurant with an average location and poor layout then Dressler's would be a no-go, no return. I'll give it another go but the service better be more seasoned and the food better matched for the price.
5	Yummy, and amazing wine! What more can I ask for?
4	My husband bought a groupon here for $50 off $100 and we used it to celebrate my birthday with a nice dinner out.  We ordered $100 worth of food between the two of us which included the seared tuna and beef tenderloin for appetizer, two entrees and three sides.  We had so much food, we had to take it home.  And since it was my birthday, the waitress was kind enough to throw in a free apple cake dessert to take home, which was delicious!Loved the atmosphere, loved the service and loved the food.  Will definitely recommend to others if you haven't already been there!
3	Let me preface this review with the fact that we had 2 Groupons for a table of 8. On the Groupon it says 1 per table. Not 1 per check, but 1 per table. I made a reservation for our party, which was to celebrate 2 birthdays on Open Table. I called to check on their Groupon policy, and was very rudely told they only take 1 per table "do you understand?" click. Wanting to cancel the reservation I had another person in the party call and speak with a manager, which did allow us to use the 2 Groupons and a note was put in with our reservation. When we got there at 6 on a Saturday we were immediately seated at a round table with MJ. It was near sunset so the sun was blazing through the windows which they have no blinds for. We ordered the french onion soup, the salmon with tomato risotto, and the skirt steak medium with green beans, to split between my husband and I because we really couldn't decide between steak or salmon. My husband also ordered a Manhattan. The soup I thought was very good. Good french onion soup, nothing that made it stand out from others, but very good. The food came out and the salmon was very good. I thought the risotto was watery, it was sitting in a puddle, which may have been a sauce, who really knows. The salmon had a really good flavor to it, I didn't really enjoy the risotto. My medium flank steak I thought was a little under cooked, but still had good flavor. The green beans were grilled and also very good. Toward the end of the meal my husband ordered a second Manhattan. We were finished and our plates were cleared by the time he got it. The waiter then said "here you go" and spilled it on him, and did not apologize. Weird. We ordered the peanut butter chocolate cheesecake for dessert, and it was to die for! Get it if you can! Yum! Overall, the experience was pretty good (good people, good times) but I didn't think the food was worth the cost. If we didn't have a Groupon I would have probably been upset, but maybe MJ was having a bad night, he wasn't around a whole lot.
5	How have I never written a review about this place?  We've been 4 or 5 times now, and each time has been pretty spectacular.  Their calamari is my second favorite in the entire city, and their desserts are to die for.The fella and I used our Groupon last night and first had drinks at the bar.  I tried a couple of cocktails (for Yelp research purposes, of course) and both were inventive and delicious.  The fella got his usual dirty martini and was excited they carried Tito's Vodka.For dinner, fella got the special - roasted duck with cherries on top and a side of Brussels sprouts with bacon and fingerling potatoes ($30).  I'm not sure he noticed how many times my fork wandered over to his plate, but delicious doesn't quite cover it.  I decided on the filet ($29), which was the first time I've tried their steak.  It came with grilled asparagus and mashed potatoes, which were thick and fluffy at the same time.  The filet was good, but it had a mushroom sauce on top - I'm not a huge mushroom fan, and I should've asked them to leave it off because it gave the filet a comfort food/pot roast taste when I was looking for a rare, juicy meat taste.Our waitress was attentive and personable, and I appreciated the manager coming over to check-in and thank us for stopping by.  You can't beat the view of uptown at night, and the atmosphere is fancy without being stuffy.
3	Inpromptu dinner and this was the winner.  I had never been for anything more than a drink so I was excited to give the food a shot.We settled on small plate items, starting with the calamari and it was some of the best I've ever tried.  I honestly can't remember the other food we have because the calamari was so great.The service is really good and they were eager to help us decide on our wine and recommend dinner entrees.  In terms of draft beer I will say it's a little odd that they don't keep the list up to date.  I saw some taps not listed and they just explained it as it changes so often we don't update the menu.  Strange tactic but lucky for me I'm good with tap identifications!
4	LOVE THIS LOCATION! We got lucky on parking, but it's really the ONLY bad thing about this Midtown spot. View of downtown and the metro vibe, but not the crazy cluster-fudge that is downtown (or is it uptown?)I had been urged by friends to try Dressler's for a while... Unfortunately the prices are a little high for my household's food game, but thank God for Groupons!! We had a $30 coupon for $60 worth of food, HOLLA!Aside from the amazing food, the thing that stood out to us the most at Dressler's was the amazing service. Our waiter was so helpful, thoughtful, and fast. Just a shining star in a sea of mediocre waiters. Three thumbs up.Now back to the food.. DELICIOUS. Really though, the quality of everything was super high and fresh. Our waiter even assured us that the seafood is flown in fresh daily. I didn't have the biggest selection as a vegetarian and I mentioned this to the server AFTER our meal. He felt so bad: "I wish you would have let me know, we have an entire vegetarian menu and gluten-free menu". Whoa! I ordered the Goat Cheese & Garlic Appetizer and G's House Salad as my entree. Both of these were simple but perfect. The Goat Cheese app was very similar to my favorite goat cheese app at 300 east. The one at Dressler's differs in that it's served with a tomato chutney instead of sun-dried tomatoes... I can dig it. I ate every single bite of both my plates.My boyfriend ordered Just for the Halibut and was blown away. I rarely see him that blissful about food, but this was one of those times. We ordered the Mom's Carrot Cake  to-go. I can't say it was the best carrot cake in the universe, but i was pretty close.DEFINITELY COMING BACK HERE AGAIN!
5	Impeccable service and amazing food!  We love Dresslers!  The atmosphere is great and although it is on the higher end food/price wise, the atmosphere is casual and comfortable and not at all stuffy.  We've tried almost every appetizer on the menu and the calamari is the best, but the crab dip and tuna (ask for extra wasabi cream) run a close second and third.  My fiance likes to get the ribeye or braised short ribs and loves both - I prefer the crab cakes which are delish and ask for extra pecan remoulade - you won't regret it.  And the dessert...oh the desserts - hand made by the mother of the owner and her daily cheesecake flavor is always a good choice.  Definitely a great place for dinner and both locations are great - Huntersville has a great Birkdale location and Metro has a wonderful view of the skyline.
3	They were doing a charity dinner thing last night where a portion of your bill, if you ordered off a certain menu went to Second Harvest Food Back which was cool so we made reservations.  It was a gorgeous night and upon arrival I was excited to see that they had open table on their patio.  We were greeted promptly and whisked through to the outdoor seating.What a gorgeous evening to sit outside.  The patio if you haven't been is perfect for people watching and they have these huge tilt umbrellas that do a great job of keeping the sun out of your eyes.  The Hickory Tavern is right next door with their patio and there is a nice open park / greenway which adds to the ambiance.On this special menu was pretty much what I would order anyway except for the Halibut.  I started off with the spicy thai calamari which if there is ever a contest for the 'Best Appetizer in CLT" I would say this would win, hands down.  Lightly fried strips of calamari tossed in a sweet, gingery, and spicy thai sauce.  Topped delicately with a spicy wasabi sauce that is absolutely the perfect compliment to this great app.  You are definitely missing out if you don't order this when you're there.For the entree I had the Blackened Heart of Ribeye served with grilled asparagus and mashed potatoes.  The ribeye, which I ordered medium rare (as a good carnivore should) was the thickness of a fillet and VERY hard to cook perfectly if you don't know what you're doing was lacking.  It was overcooked on the outside and mushy in the middle, the blackening never really took because of the way the steak cooked and was more charred tasting than blackened.  Not my favorite dish.  The sides were just meh...potatoes were plentiful and sections of them were cold.  Asparagus was just that, asparagus on the grill and boring.We ordered our desserts to go as to make the kids feel better that we dumped them at a sitters house.  I had the Chocolate cake and Sweetie the cheesecake.  Now I haven't mentioned the service which was fine to this point.  Since we were ordering the meal off the special menu we ordered all at once and told her that we would take our dessert to go.  She brought us the chocolate cake which was apparently served with ice cream and we didn't realize it.  We don't live uptown and didn't go straight home so when we arrived the ice cream had melted and we had a mess in our to go container.  I would have preferred to be told that there was ice cram in the box and we could have put it in one of the 500 thermally insulated bags Sweetie keeps in her vehicle for emergency trips to Trader Joes.Oh well.  It was a nice night out and Dresslers was 3 stars tonight.  I may be back, I may not.
5	Chose this place for a nice dinner for my boyfriend and I because the first time I had stopped in for an after dinner drink, the bartender was exceptional.  When we returned, we had an amazing experience. Host was all smiles. Had a drink with the same bartender Brian before we sat down. They sat us at the perfect table with a great view of the city. Great team service from the staff. We were never ignored yet never bothered. The food was wonderful, and very much enjoyed the wine list. The manager even stopped by the table to ask how the evening went. We will absolutely return to Dresslers. Thank you for a great night.
5	Oh yum, where do I start....the Hubs and I had a gift card to Dressler's and decided to use it to celebrate our anniversary.  I made reservations on Open Table and mentioned that it was our anniversary and we'd like a view of the CLT skyline.  The hostess was fantastic - we were running late due to some other travel arrangements and we called to give them the heads up and they were very accommodating.  When we arrived and told them our name they immediately wished us Happy Anniversary and sat us at a booth with the most amazing skyline view.  Our waiter was wonderful, and when I asked for vegetarian recommendations he produced an entire vegetarian and gluten free menu which totally caught me by surprise!  We ordered the pimento cheese appetizer and it was awesome, but that goat cheese looked very tempting as well.  The Hubs ordered the seafood and grits entree and I got linguine with a garlic cream sauce from the veggie menu.  Everything was wonderful and the service was spot on.For dessert we had one of Mama Dressler's homemade cheesecakes and it was just melt in your mouth amazing.  I can't say enough great things about Dressler's  - wonderful service, awesome food and a photo-worthy view!
5	We choose this place for date night and it was FABULOUS!! Our server was SUPER NICE. He constantly came to check on us and just kept the wine flowing! Lol. We started off with the Low Country Crab dip which was AWESOME!! We gobbled up every single bite! For dinner I ordered the Blackened Heart of Ribeye. It was cooked to perfection! Ate every last bite!! My boyfriend ordered the Shrimp and Lobster Linguini. I sneaked a bite and it was delish! We finished the night off with a generous slice of carrot cake. Pure heaven! I really enjoyed this place!
4	This place is so good and not just for the food.  The service at Dressler's is really great.  The food and drinks came out in a timely manner.  Our waitress was very attentive, as were the bus boys.  We had a Living Social or Groupon, so I was skeptical to the level of service we would get (as this has been a problem with other places).  I was pleasantly surprised that this was not the case.  When I told our waitress we had a groupon, she remained just as attentive as she had been when we first got there.The outdoor seating is also really great and they often have live music. The views from outside and by the windows of the restaurant are some of the best in CLT. Perfect for a summer date night.  The food is good. My favorite thing was the Low Country Crab Dip.  I wasn't HUGE fan of their cheesecake -- but everything else was nice!My husband and I will definitely return to Dressler's for another date night! You should too!
5	No lengthy review needed....great service, perfect (and honest) suggestions on the menu, and delicious food. Won't be our last time here.
4	Great locally owned restaurant!  Very nice location at the Metropolitan.  Huge dining room, including private dining rooms in the back and a great patio overlooking uptown Charlotte.  The goat cheese appetizer was delicious and my steak was cooked to perfection.  The staff was super friendly and the owner as well as the manager came over to check on us during our meal...which was much appreciated.  I will be back!
4	We had really great service and good food.  We were first seated at a weird dark corner table, so we asked to move over by the window.  Our server moved us quickly and he was great! We were so full, but had dessert anyway- we went with the apple cake, which was amazing.  Don't skip dessert!
4	Great locally owned restaurant!  Very nice location at the Metropolitan, for the prices we thought it would be an upscale restaurant but the atmosphere its not very "upscale-y"  it was raining so we couldn't sit outside but we had a very nice view of uptown Charlotte.  We started off with the calamari... which was NOT good.. at least not for us. It tasted like tofu and the ginger flavor it was too intense for us... Now we preceded to order another appetizer. The goat cheese appetizer was delicious! highly recommend this... I ordered the halibut and my boyfriend order the 12 oz steak which was AMAZING!... my fish was not  as wonderful as I have heard some of my friends said but it was OK. We will definitely come back to taste more of this food, seems like an amazing spot!
2	Had really high hopes for Dressler's after reading many of the reviews, but left there very underwhelmed. Maybe because its Restaurant Week and they're overwhelmed, but from the looks of the fairly empty dining room its probably something else.On the good side the interior is very upscale and attractive with great views of uptown. It was downhill from there.First, my wife noticed that the background music was all Motown from the 60's, not bad music, but something I'd expect to hear in a diner, not a restaurant with white table cloths. How about some light jazz?Second, we all went with the selections from the restaurant week list as we were told it was the same portions and quality as the regular menu. I hope this isn't the case.For starters, we went with the calamari, which got so many raves from others, goat cheese and a lettuce wedge. The calamari came out smothered in the Thai chili sauce without the wasabi aoli. Our serving looked nothing like the pictures here on Yelp. The goat cheese and the lettuce were OK, but definitely not special.Entrees were the Maryland crab cakes and two orders of salmon with grape tomato risotto. My wife ordered the crab cakes and being from Maryland, is very particular. Unfortunately these were OK, but nothing special, way too much breading to be authentic. She's had much better at Capital Grill uptown. Although the mixed greens salad that came with it she said was very good. My daughter and I each had the salmon. Our opinions were very mixed. I thought the salmon was quite good, crispy on one side, but very moist and tasty through out. Her serving of salmon was over cooked and dried out. In both cases our waiter neglected to ask how we wanted our salmon cooked, so I guess I was lucky. While I liked my salmon it was served on top of what looked to be a liquidy concoction of buerre blanc and risotto. There was so much butter sauce it was inedible, thankfully the salmon was on top.Desserts were a mixed bag as well. We had the apple crisp, cheese cake and carrot cake. The apple crisp won out as the best. The carrot cake was very moist and the cream cheese frosting was rather tasty, but I couldn't find any trace of carrot. Dead last was the cheese cake, it was bland and not very creamy as we had expected it to be.Finally, this was supposed to be a birthday dinner for my wife and myself as we were born only a week apart. I made the reservation through Open Table and made sure to add this was a special birthday dinner under the special requests section. Unlike other yelper's experience there was absolutely no acknowledgment of our event either from the hostess or our waiter. I thought well at least we'll get a candle. Nope, nothing. Generally our waiter was less than friendly, I guess he was just to exhausted from all the other revelers out for Restaurant Week by the time we showed up.
4	Had lunch here last Friday with three buddies.  First off, I have to bitch about the parking at the Metropolitan complex - it is horrible!  Spaces are too small and you risk life and limb to enter the parking deck.Anyway, Dressler's is a beautiful space and we were seated and greeted promptly.  Our server was knowledgeable and pleasant.  I had the Buffalo Chicken Quesadilla which was quite good.  The heat of the chicken was countered by the blue cheese and the rest of the garnishes on the plate.  it was a large serving.My friends had  good experiences as well.  As I recall, one had a very large grilled chicken salad, another had a grilled chicken sandwich and our fourth had the turkey sandwich.  All very good and fairly large.Would definitely go back for either lunch or dinner.
5	We decided to visit Dressler's for Restaurant Week.  A great decision!  We have been to other places during restaurant week and have been extremely disappointed.  As soon as they found out we were ordering from the special menu we became second class citizens not worthy of their time.  NOT SO WITH DRESSLER'S.  We were treated exactly the same as we would have been if we were there on a regular night.  Our waiter (Michael) was attentive and the food was incredible.  The service impeccable and we all had meals we loved.  We will make it a point to return.  Couldn't ask for anything more.  It was noisy however, and we asked for a quiet table and were given one in the back room, which is usually for private parties.  A wonderful place.  We all highly recommend it.Valet parking is a nice touch too.
4	DELICIOUS! I had the crab cakes and some craft beer. The only thing I would say is more sauce with the crab cakes. My friend had the pork chop which was also delicious and hearty. As for the decor, I would say it's a little out dated but I like some of the light fixtures. Our server was lovely, and I wish I could remember her name. I will definitely be back, when I can afford it ;)
4	I had lunch with some coworkers last week for a friends birthday. I knew big business types eat there so I felt a little under dressed. Other than the overall classinessI had the French onion soup and the Cuban for lunch. The soup was awesome - nice thick cheese layer that just congealed onto the onion and bread. Even though it was a little pricey ($7) it was awesome and I would definitely get it again. I lived in Miami for a couple of years and got to know Cuban food pretty well. This wasn't anything compared to authentic but pretty darn delicious. Traditional Cuban - overall good. I'd recommend this place. Just know you are gonna pay a little more
5	Yes, the food is good, the wait staff is friendly and knowledgeable, the ambience is relaxing and romantic but THE CHEESECAKE!!!!!  OMG the cheesecake is out of this world and you need to go to Dressler's even if it's for a drink and dessert. You won't regret it.
1	My wife and I went there for our anniversary.  Right after we were seated, someone came over to confirm our names.  (My father had called them to buy us a bottle of wine.)  The waiter knew this, but did not mention it until after we had both ordered very expensive cocktails.  Once we had these and had taken a sip, then he proudly announced the wine gift.  What a dick!  We would never have ordered the cocktails if we had know that we were being bought a bottle of wine!  Then the food was no way near worth the price.  Will never go back, bad move Dresslers..
4	Awesome experience for my wife's bday.  Experience - call ahead reservations. mentioned wifes birthday and asked if they could set the table accordinglyArrived to a table set with fresh cut flowers a bottle of bubbly and 2 champagne glasses.  We aren't drinkers but it was a nice gesture and added a nice touch.Host and waiter stopped by to wish my wife a happy birthdayDinner-  Me: Started with G's House.   A little tangy for me but I have never been a fan of vinaigrette dressing.  The sweetened walnuts was a nice touch.  They were crispy on the outside and a little chewy on the inside which caught me off guard at first but were very tasty.  Entree was Heart of Ribeye with blue cheese butter, fingerling potatoes and asparagus.  Steak cooked perfectly at a medium.  Well seasoned and charred slightly on the outside to sear in the flavor.  No fat at all.  I think the chef takes a 14 oz ribeye and just removes the heart of the steak.  I finished off dinner with Creme brulee.  The custard was very smooth.  Dinner- Wife:  My wife had the G's house salad and loved it.  She followed up with the rack of lamb which was very tender.  As a birthday treat, the creme brulee for my wife was topped with a lit candle and was on the house.  The service by all was exceptional.  Always greeted with smiles.  The waiter (Chris) was very knowledgeable of the menu and explained all menu items that we had questions about without a stutter or hiccup.  Ambiance is great for a romantic dinner as the tables are candlelit with great view of the cityscape looking up 4th street.  The restraunt was very quiet and everyone seemed to be enjoying their experience.  Negatives:I wish I had found this place sooner.  Jon Dressler has a great thing going.I would give this place a 5 but I have only eaten here once so I will save the 5 star rating for my second visit.
4	I went here to celebrate with my best friend and the food was absolutely amazing. Our waiter was phenomenal as well! Would def love to eat here again :)
4	Pricey but great food. Probably best to stop here during restaurant week. Not a steakhouse per-say but still has good steaks. Parking is a mess since it's in a busy area. Have had good attentive service every time I went.
5	I was in Charlotte for a convention this past weekend, and on Saturday night we headed out for dinner. After the place we originally decided to go to was packed, we found ourselves at Dressler's. It turned out to be a blessing in disguise as our experience was fantastic!When we walked in, we were greeted and our coats were checked. We were in a bit of a hurry as we had to get back for an evening event at the conference and the waiter was more than accommodating. He made sure that we got our food efficiently without sacrificing quality - and the steak was to die for! Perfectly cooked and delicious. The waiter also gave us numerous recommendations for other things to do or places to go while we were in town. And to give us the full "Dressler's experience" he also brought out 2 desserts on the house - a cheesecake and an apple bundt cake. I can't speak to the bundt as I don't love apple desserts personally, but the cheesecake was wonderfully light and just the right amount of sweet. Overall, it was a great experience at Dressler's!
4	Lunch date with my husband on President's day (bank closed and make-up school day for our son). We are always looking to try out new restaurants whenever we can. I had the chicken with risotto and my husband had the fried calamari on salad. Salad ingredients sounded great...arugula, napa. Just a bit heavy on the dressing and also too spicy for me but if you like it spicy then it would be fine. My chicken was tender and juicy. I like the whole shitake mushrooms in the risotto and fresh leafy spinach was nice too. Risotto was cooked perfectly. Only thing I prefer not to have is the creme sauce covering the chicken. That is just my preference to rather see the perfectly cooked chicken on top of the risotto. We both ordered the onion soup. A bit salty for my liking. Other than that, nice amount of onions, not overly cheesy but would not order it again. I had no room in my stomach to finish my entree. Had to bring more than half of it home. But I had room to try a dessert. We Yelped for directions to Dressler's on my husband's mobile phone and was pleasantly surprised to see a free dessert on Yelp app. We had the apple cake. It was yummy! It was plated with caramel and vanilla ice cream. Our son would love the apple cake and we would definitely go back to Dressler's. I only give 5 stars if everything about the place is perfect. If there is 4 and 1/2 star I would give it. Took off a star for plating of the entrees (too much sauce & dressing) and too salty onion soup. There are many restaurants we tried and would not go back to. Dressler's is not one of those. I look forward to a scheduled late date with a colleague next week at Dressler's.
4	Pleasantly surprised by this place. I was not sure what to expect when walking up to it from the outside, and upon entering, I felt very underdressed for lunch (caters to the business lunch) but overall a great experience. Our server was wonderful and very attentive to my guest and I, and answered all our questions without any issues. Very efficient and prompt as well. I had the blackened chicken pita for lunch with the pasta salad and my guest had their chicken salad with the pasta salad as well. The blackened chicken pita was delicious! Perfect amount of spice and seasonings, and the pita was light and fresh! As for the chicken salad, there was more than enough on the sandwich and half of it became a snack for later in the day. The pasta salad needed a little salt or seasoning, but that is really the only qualm (and such a minuscule one at that) Only gave it four stars because I didn't try their deserts and I know nothing about their dinner menu, but I'll certainly be back to check that out!
4	I know this is supposed to be mentioned later but the food was excellent.  I had the shrimp and grits plate and my wife had a airline chicken plate. This is on their March 2014 menu. Service from the host stand to the server to management touching our table mid meal, to being thanked on the way out was extraordinary. The price per portion was equal. We will definitely go again.
4	I have been here a few times now and have always had phenomenal service and food. This for me is a special occasion type place. The prices are on the high side as you will spend $20-40 before even getting to drinks and appetizers.However, the prices aren't unwarranted. They do a delicious smoked salmon and caper platter as an appetizer and the three (lower priced) entrees I have had were all terrific and cooked to perfection.There is nothing here that blows me away and leaves me craving my next visit, but it is a great place when you want something a bit more upscale or a place for a special occassion or fancy date.
4	Went here with a big group before an event. We had reservations but showed up about 10 minutes late. It was no problem and we were promptly seated in a quiet back room with a nice view of the city. Water was served, and we ordered our dinners. I got the tuna. I asked the waitress if she recommended it to which she replied "Do you like tuna?" Well...yes, that's why I was thinking of ordering it. She also asked how I liked it cooked without any sort of recommendation. Thankfully I ordered it rare and it came out perfectly. More on that later.Bread was served 15 minutes or so after ordering. It looked burnt on the outside, but the inside was soft and warm. The honey butter they serve it with is pure gold. Delicious. The tuna came out not long after. It was a huge plate of food--big piece of tuna, slaw, and a sesame rice cake. The tuna itself was delicious and perfectly cooked. The peanut whatever sauce it came with was superb as well. The slaw was excellent but the rice cake it was on top of was eh. It tasted like rice. Nothing too special.Service was fine. The waitress wasn't the best I've had but most certainly not the worst. The food was good, good location--I'd definitely go back.
4	This was my first time at Dressler's for a meal and I enjoyed it.  Not only was the service excellent, but the food was prepared in a timely fashion and very good.  I had the Ribeye -- excellent choice.  It was cooked perfectly and the sides were good as well.  Be prepared to spend a decent amount for 2 people ($75+) but it is worth it.  The great thing is you can sit inside and see the city and a vibrant patio (adjacent to a couple other restaurants), or you can sit out on the patio and enjoy a meal.  Great experience, I will be heading back there.
4	Good food, good service, and good atmosphere. Will definitely go back.
3	Great service, good food, nothing that will make me hurry back here. Ordered the ribeye medium-rare, was a definite medium, which given the size dried it out a bit. It was seasoned well as were the sides. I would return if someone else in the party chose the restaurant, but if my choice of either steakhouse or generally upscale restaurant, it wouldn't be the top of the list. That said, I seem to have the minority opinion given the 4-5 star reviews, maybe just an off night in the kitchen.
5	I don't give out 5 stars especially to somewhere that I don't always order food. Don't get me wrong, I'm in love with the short rib and any of their always fresh salads. What I like most about this place is the staff. Rowena and Brian always greet me so warmly, but more importantly watching them interact with every customer that walks in,  even the ones not headed to the bar. John, the owner, remembers names and faces like no one I've ever met which is a nice touch. Try sitting on the back patio for some of the best views of uptown. And if you're in the mood for a dessert, ALWAYS get "mom's" cheesecake.
4	We dine here a few times a year. The service is exceptional. Each time we are greeted by one of the owners. The servers are top notch and make you feel comfortable. The crap dip is delicious with huge pieces of crab meat. yum!  The goat cheese and garlic app is also very good! (I now make this at home)Te halibut is AMAZING and filling. Try this place. I promise you won't be disappointed.
5	One of the best restaurants I've ever been to in my life.  The food is great, the server was excellent and the Charlotte skyline, when seen at dusk, is very, very nice.  We will be regulars here.
5	This was my second time at dresslers.   I ordered the app goat cheese in olive oil an pita bread amazing , it's fresh roasted garlic in olive oil n goat cheese w warm pita bread.   my entree was the steak I believe they call beef heart.  The steak was so juicy an tender an the blue cheese butter just melted over the steak n the mashed potatoes were good but I'd like them a little more warm w melted butter.  The cheesecake desert was just melting in your mouth so much food I couldn't finish all my cheesecake lol. The cheesecake is not heavy very light the chocolate cake looked amazing I'm gonna try that next time.
5	Was very impressed - went during busy Resturant Week at the Metro location -  both service and food were Great - and yes the cheesecake is a Must!!!! Thank me later ~
3	We can only write this review based on our two bar experiences that included drinks and dessert.Oddly enough, last night they were filming the new movie "Ashby" at Dressler's bar late last night so I figured it was time to write this review. Both times we went we had the same bartender who was very nice, but slightly absent. He did help us decide on the dessert we were going to order, which was the apple cake. Both the drinks and the dessert were delicious, but nothing to write home about. Apparently, the food is supposed to be fabulous here, so next review we write will include the dining experience.  Otherwise, if you are looking for strong delicious drinks head over to Pisces for a slightly more unique drinking experience. I would also prefer the warm apple tart at Ruth's Chris over the apple cake. We will definitely be back to try the dinner.
5	Great food, great service. Everything was just really good, and the experience was top notch. Will return often.
5	I've been here twice and love to sit outside when I visit. I've had the scallops and the shrimp and grits. I love the atmosphere and the service is always great! I used a Groupon the first time I visited and wasn't disappointed. Now that I moved to the Charlotte area, I want to try the one in Huntersville because it's closer to my house but this location will always be my #1.
5	Had a business dinner, group of eight.   Food was amazing, service was every bit as good.   I had the halibut, and it might have been the best fish I've ever had.   Our waiter went above and beyond.   This is our first time, but we'll definitely be back - and soon.
4	Last night was our first time at Dressler's. We had reservations and were seated promptly. It was a beautiful night so we decided to sit outside. The view is exceptional.  We were pleasantly surprised that there was a band playing. For a starter we had the goat cheese and tomato chutney.  I had the scallops and shrimp and grits any my husband had the duck. Both were delicious. We finished up with the key lime pie and peanut butter chocolate cheesecake. No complaints there! The staff was very attentive and pleasant. I wanted the night to be at a slower pace. We weren't rushed, but I had to ask for our server not to bring things out too quickly. No sooner did we get our appetizer than our entrees showed up. I wanted a more leisurely dinner experience.  If you are looking for a budget dinner date, this is not the place (but we expected that). 1 app, 2 glasses of wine, 1 drink, dinner and dessert ran us around $120.
5	Awesome food and excellent service, waiter had great menu knowledge.  Get the bison ribeye!
5	Went during Restaurant week, and it was our first time here. Free valet parking, we were seated promptly, the place was clean and very nice.  Our server was VERY friendly, and took the time to answer any questions, and offered several suggestions. I liked the drink and dessert menus on the tablet, neat presentation.  I had a blackened ribeye that was just plain perfect. Cheddar mashed potatoes were also great.  The price was good, of course, being Restaurant Week.  But I think I'd be willing to pay the regular price for the level of service and the quality of the food.  We'll be back next time we need somewhere fancy to eat in Charlotte.
4	Food is great. I suggest he calamari as a shareable appetizer and the halibut which sits on a chive potato cake and topped with lump crab meat. The Mac and cheese is delicious also. My wife ordered the salmon and my daughter the lamb, both were pleased. The only reason I didn't five star them, the restaurant was so cold in temp to me and others
3	We sat outside on a beautiful night in Charlotte. Great atmosphere, the food on the other hand needs some help.  My husband got the heart of ribeye cooked medium rare, it was very dry. The veggies that came with it had no taste.  I had the smoked chicken.  Very, very dry and extremely spicy. The Mac and Cheese side was the only excellent part of meal.
4	Good food, nice employees, and an awesome view. The ribeye and the flat iron were good. There's a park greenway between the restaurant and downtown so it's nice. Wife and I enjoyed it very much. The only thing is that Hickory Tavern is right beside it. It does get a bit loud if you are eating outside but you can choose to go in so it shouldn't be a big problem. All in all, a great place.
5	Really really good.  Solid meal, solid service, solid specials.We dined at Dressler's on a Sunday.  We had plans to see a friend playing at the Double Door, so we stopped at the Metropolitan to choose a restaurant.  First of all - love the Metropolitan!  What a cool multi-use development with great city views - which we proceeded to enjoy from the huge windows of Dressler's.  From the first sips of our wine to our very last bites, we were impressed!First, a nice half-price wine surprise...our server brought the wine menu (on an Ipad - nice modern approach, guys!), and we chose the last bottle of a lovely reasonably priced sparkling golden Pinot Noir.  Our server was great.  I hate that I can't quite remember her name, but I think it was Ellis???... My husband enjoyed joking around with her.We decided to try the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer.  It was served with a country Dijon sauce, greens and an unusual accompaniment: cold boiled shrimp, either boiled in ginger water or certainly in a ginger marinade. Interesting and refreshing!Entrees were fabulous.  I enjoyed the grouper and was able to order it with the corn risotto (which was so nicely cooked, not mushy) and citrus beurre blanc, a preparation actually presented with salmon on the menu.  My husband devoured the crispy duck, which was accompanied by mapled potatoes and other root veggies, I believe.  I had to practically beg for a bite - delicious!We did not partake in dessert, but learned that the owner's mother makes the restaurant's cheesecakes and carrot cake daily.  They all sounded wonderful.  We saw two other groups singing Happy Birthday to dining companions.  This is a special place.
2	Not very happy after tonight's visit... Food was undercooked for both of us and we ended up having to pay full price for bottle of wine because apparently if you have a Groupon (which doesn't even cover alcohol) they penalize you for having it. Tonight's dinner ended up costing more than our norm. Really unhappy and we were regulars so I'm not sure that we will return.
5	Ok, so where do I begin?  This place is amazing and has a perfect location with a great view of uptown.  In the summer, there is live music outside where they have outside dining.  I would definitely recommend making a reservation here. The staff is amazing.  I used to be a hostess here and people only walked out beyond satisfied.  Servers, Asa and Kent, received the most compliments while I worked there.  However, all the servers are great.  Very knowledgeable of the menu and their food is local.  My favorite dishes are the lamb, scallops, the goat cheese app, and the calamari.  Must try the calamari! It is one of a kind.  This place also has great desserts which are made by Jon Dressler's mom herself.  I recommend the cheesecake but everyone seems to prefer the apple cake.  I will try it next time but cheese cake is my favorite dessert so it just made sense.Great for events.  There are back rooms which can be held for receptions or other formal occasions.  There is a dress code so don't go in wearing gym clothes unless you are Greg Olsen. There is delivery but you must go through Foodie Call.   Definitely check this place out.  Can't wait to check out the new restaurant opening in South Park this November
5	Really great food, and the best service I have had in a while! And they have their drink menu and dessert menu on an iPad. The view of uptown Charlotte while you eat was impressive.
5	I had a very chaotic day and my sweetie decided to surprise me by taking me here. It was a pleasant surprise. I know this place is usually filled with business people after work.  It wasn't very busy for a Monday night which was a good thing. But oddly, the hostess decided to sit a table of 4 directly beside us, which they were very noisy. It wasn't as if they were packed it was several other tables around instead of directly beside us.The server (Jim) was excellent, I think he was a little nervous but pleasant.For starters the crab cake dip was a little too creamy for me, but it had very nice chunks of crab, my sweetie loved it. Next time I'll try the Thai calamari. We ordered the chop salad & Caesar salad, which both were great! The Short Rib with spinach and no bone was present and it was hugh but very tender. I ordered the lamb chops which were excellent in taste, temperature and appearance. The blackened green beans were surprisingly, tasty. To add with it a nice glass of Riesling wine. The cheesecake was very nice and rich (need to share with another, Lol)Overall, my experience was great and I'm looking forward to coming back and will recommend this place to others.Oh, this place isn't cheap, so make sure for two people to dine nicely have at least $100 on you. It's well worth it.
5	I am from out of town and attended a wedding rehearsal dinner at Dressler's. I love that the back private room comes with it's own patio for cocktail hour. We were able to see sunset over the city skyline.Once it got too dark and cold to be outside we moved into the dining room for dinner. I had the smoked chicken with mashed potatoes. Best dish I've had in a long time!! We had salad and dessert as well and I ate way more than I should have but the food was soo soo good!The complimentary valet was also a nice touch since we were running a little late and needed to get in quickly!Thanks Dressler's for showing these out of towners a great evening!
5	Great dining experience!  Fantastic steaks and really, the best cheesecake I've ever had.  Also, free parking deck close by.
3	Tried and wanted to Love, but just liked. Restaurant is nice albeit a little crowded seating. Back to back chairs at tight tables made it uncomfortable. Service started out quite slow. It took 15 min to get a drink order. Server was very indifferent. The majority of food was well cooked, but do not order the Duck. The half duck is nothing more than two leg quarters. Duck Confit would have been better. Roasted and fried to death, with underdone sides. Will give a second chance sometime. Service needs to improve though!
5	Scene was sexy. Nice view of the city and overall romantic ambiance. We received excellent Maybe because there were only like 4 tables full,listen lol. Nevertheless we basically had 3 servers who were very polite, prompt, and pleasant. The food was awesome. I ordered the seafood shrimp and grits which included shrimp, lobster, sausage and I think crab it was lovely. He ordered the shrimp and lobster linguini!!!!  It was sex in our mouth lol overall it was a lovely experience and we had an awesome bottle of c wine. I can't do classes I have to have bottles :)
4	Food was excellent.  We went for a combined birthday party and they were very welcoming.  The charcuterie (sausage) appetizer was excellent, with some spicy pickled okra.  Cocktails were very tasty, although they were somewhat weak.  I had the halibut, but tried several other dishes.  All top notch.  Small complaint was that the table was cold and drafty.  When first mentioned to server, she gave slight attitude that no door was open and she couldn't feel it.  However, after a short time the heat was turned up a little.  Nice experience.
5	This is a great restaurant! The decor makes it an intimate setting. The food is absolutely delicious & I haven't had anything bad at this place. It's worth the price! Crab cakes are simply amazing!!!
4	I've never had a bad meal here.  The food is pretty incredible and the service likewise.  However, they've been somewhat of a victim of their own success:  the place is so crowded that I've found it pretty much impossible to eat there some nights (maybe they could buy the place next door and expand?).  That's the only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5.
5	Our first ever visit here was certainly long overdue!My wife & two girls came here as part of a special evening out for Christmas, we had attended the Nutcracker Ballet prior to dinner.  I simply cannot say enough about how warm and friendly all of the staff here were to us, especially our fabulous waiter who was simply amazing!The food was spectacular to say the least, but I will say for full disclosure that our girls are fairly sophisticated foodies (no, really!!) and Dressler's is not geared for children, per se....parents should use discretion of course but we are never afraid to take our girls to (as they put it) a "fancy restaurant".To put a topper on our evening, our youngest daughter asked if she could meet the chef, and without hesitation our waiter went off to ask and immediately Chef came out to our table to introduce himself; our daughters were just giddy to receive such special treat!  Just like an infomercial, but wait...there's more!!  Chef followed up his gracious visit with sending out a special sampler desert each for our girls which was simply amazing!!There is nothing I can type to express enough the amazing dining experience had at Dressler's and I certainly intend to return again to one of the finest restaurants in Charlotte!!!
