4	Wow this stuff is so rich and creamy!  Forget those other places that sell frozen custard.  This is THE place to go.  Pretty obvious too from the customers who filled up this place when we were here.  RELOCATED - This is the new location of Nielsen's here in Sansone Park Place.  It's close to Cafe Zupas.  So that's why you see the empty building over by Grimaldi's.My first time ever to try Nielsen's Frozen Custard.  The employees who greeted us where so helpful and let me try every flavor they had available. Thank you!  Vanilla, chocolate and strawberry are the main flavors ..plus flavor of the day which is posted right under menu board. Cherry Chocolate Chip today. You can have your custard different ways.  In a cup, cone, blended with mixins or with toppings.  Their extensive menu also includes different sodas and floats. (http://www.nielsensfrozencustard.net/about.php)  Bumbleberry Float is what Daniel S . got and it looked so good.  Pretty nice serving and for the price $3.99 was such a good deal.  I decided on Orange Cow frozen custard which was only available in a cup. This tasted like Dreamsicle. .the smoothest frozen custard Ive had to date! Love the old fashioned ice cream parlor deco and interior. The stools where cushy and comfy.  I like they are open late week nights so I can now stop by and get my fix after having dinner.
4	Nielsens does it right. Rich and creamy. The way frozen custard is supposed to be. This place wasn't lit up so it wasn't the easiest to find if you're a tourist. CL and I shared the flavor of the day which was chocolate chip. We had it as a sundae and we were both very happy. Too bad we can't bring any home.
5	Wow. Chocolate Malted Almond.My family and I came here and got a chocolate malted almond nut concrete to split. We left wishing we got more, so we came back less than 24 hours later and got TWO frozen custard quarts (~$6 each)! This time we also got the mint chocolate chip - not bad!The way it works is you pick a flavor: vanilla, chocolate, or flavor of the day. Choose how you want it: cup, cone, waffle cone, sundae, with a topper, as a float, in a quart cup or pint, as a concrete (thick shake you eat with a spoon) & add toppings (they have a variety). Men's Journal Mag named this place one of the "100 best things to eat in America" and I agree!
5	Still crazy Tasty!!  They moved across the street from their original location and I am so glad they moved and didn't go out of business.  I have yet to try anything that I did not like.  This stuff is so smooth and creamy and oh so delicious.  Run, don't walk to Nielsen's!!
5	I was introduced to Nielsen's Frozen Custard about a month ago and we've gone every week since. The apple pie concrete is the bomb!! Love the big chunks of pie in almost every bite!!  The staff are super friendly too!! Great place for a yummy treat!!
5	I was craving ice cream after I picked up my little sister from school late one night and my plans were put on hold when the nearby Cold Stone was closed (it was barely eight!). I decided to look up ice cream places on good ol' trusty Yelp and found Nielsen's Frozen Custard out on Eastern. The little sister didn't want to try a place with "custard" in the name of the business, but the pictures on Yelp persuaded me, so off we went.I had a little trouble finding the place, but I found it in the shopping area where Einstein's Bagels is. The decor of Nielsen's Frozen Custard is quaint and old-fashioned, and I dug that. I even enjoyed the tipping jar that read "Tipping is not just for cows." We decided to share and ordered oreo ice cream and sat waiting at the counter. The lady behind the counter brought it out to us and even went back to grab us a second spoon.The ice cream? Amazing! It was soft and delicious and the size was enough to feed the both of us to our satisfaction. I definitely want to come back and try the rest of the flavors.
5	New location, same deliciousness!  The concrete is by far my favorite dessert in Las Vegas, it's like a McFlurry/Blizzard on steroids!.  The custard here by itself is OK, depending on the day/flavor it might be better than Luv-It, but I always get the concretes.Not as big of a fan of the new decor inside the new location, or the location itself, but I come for the concrete and quickly forget about my surroundings!
5	Delicious and rich frozen custard..great service. Love the old fashioned setting and tunes!
5	Best Custard EVER!!! so fresh, creamy and delicious. Great place to sit and talk with friends.
1	If it wasn't for the convenient location and decent custard, I would never go back. They have had the worst customer service since they opened (old and new location). I only get to come home about once a year and because Luv-its is so out of the way, I keep giving Neilson's a chance. Hands down, worst customer service I've ever experienced. The people working there must be relatives of the owner because there is no other possible way any of them would be employed. The place is cute and gives off a vibe of friendliness because of the vintage decor but once you get up to the counter, do not expect to be acknowledged. Walk up, order and get the hell out before they ruin your ice cream high.
5	If you love ice cream that's super thick and creamy, jump on the frozen custard band wagon!  I think the concretes here are by far better than other ice cream I've had!  The flavors can change, and are great, but that consistency makes this amazing!
5	I'm from Utah, the home of Nielson's, so I was so excited when I found out there was one here! I'd rather go here than any other ice cream or frozen yogurt place. Frozen custard is creamier and thicker than other ice creams and that's what makes it so good!  If you haven't had frozen custard before you have to check this place out!
5	I love frozen custard! I hate that it's all the way in henderson. I live about 25 minutes away from Nielsen's. Totally worth the drive but I wish it was closer. On second thought, I'd probably turn into a custard loving pig if it was more convenient. I like the new location. It's in a much nicer plaza.. closer walking distance to other restaurants (taco y taco, BJs, etc), and more parking space! I remember when they were at the other location across the street, I'd fight for a parking space during busy times. My absolute favorite at Nielsen's is the vanilla custard. It's so rich that all you really need is a single scoop. I get the concrete sometimes too but it's always too much for me, even if I am sharing. Definitely good bang for your buck!
5	I love this place!!  The Vanilla, Chocolate, send flavor of the day give you a selection to have plain, topped or mixed.  Rich, creamy and not overly sweet as standard ice cream. My ABSOLUTELY favorite flavor it Butter Pecan :) !!The Henderson store seems to be the exception (in a happy way) to location in other states. (family have tried the St. George and Phoenix and have stated they'll never go back.)The only thing I wish they still did was post the flavor of the day on Facebook.  Made it so I never missed favorite flavor.
4	Come with me as we travel back in time to a traditional creamery with all the decors and recipes that have stayed consistent over the years.  I mean being in my 20s and obviously not knowing what custards tasted like back in the 50s and 60s but I can definitely tell that there is a difference here vs any other ice cream place I have been to.Everything inside the store is so charming because the interior makes you feel like this store has been here for decades.  Walls decorated with old photos and ads from days gone by and its pretty cool to look at all the history on the wall.The custard is absolutely tasty.  Very creamy and composed of a thick but not solid consistency that makes eating it quite easy and pleasurable.  The concretes they serve are huge.... I'd highly recommend sharing one with a friend or a special someone ;).  I typically get the nut concrete and choose the roasted toasted almonds and adding malt making it an awesomely traditional custard.  Being slightly lactose doesn't stop me from coming here because the reward definitely outweighs the diarrh.... erhhhmm!!! the risks.  Take your family or your loved one and enjoy a special treat from Nielsen's!
5	5 stars easy.  They offer a superior product, the restaurant is clean, the staff is helpful, what else do you want?I was never a custard person before, but you should all give this place a shot.  Simple vanilla by itself is phenomenal.  I think I prefer custard over ice cream at this point.  It's like soft serve on steroids
5	The custard is amazing, the girl at the front is awesome and so nice! She gave us a amazing suggestions and they worked out awesome. the guy in the back making ice cream wasn't so nice. especially not to the girl at the register.
4	Nummy!  Nummy!  Nummy!(Don't go here if you are "dieting".... totally NOT Weight Watcher friendly.)Concretes are big enough to share! Your options are virtually unlimited because you can mix and match to your hearts desire (depending on how much you want to spend.)Their custard is creamy and not overly egg-y and not overly sweet.  They are pretty generous with their mix-ins so you can just pick 1 and be quite content with the ratio of custard to mix-in.Not cheap... but again... this is a Treat!  And should be enjoyed "once in a while"... because it is totally worth it.  :)By the way... if you were looking for them over by Grimaldi's and Cafe Rio... they moved across the street to the Sansone Marketplace (where BJ's is located)... Nielsen's has a corner spot on the north side of the marketplace.
4	I didn't know there was a Nielsen's in the Las Vegas area until I stopped at Nielsen's in St. George, Utah two years ago.  They had a sign with the new address for their Henderson store.  I bookmarked the place then but never thought to stop.  If you're an avid Yelper, you understand that when it comes to bookmarks.Since the burger joint went to doesn't serve dessert, and we had plenty of time before going to the Sin City Opera, we drove to Henderson and onto that piece of Eastern Avenue that can be the most frustrating drive.  I had no trouble finding Nielsen's and it was fun introducing my wife to something I enjoyed in Utah.I got a vanilla concrete with cheesecake.  Concrete is the thick frozen custard whipped with whatever you choose to have in it.  They have three flavors of custard--vanilla, chocolate, and the flavor of the day which was Rocky Road last night.The concrete was very good and exactly like what I had in St. George.  My wife enjoyed her raspberry sundae.  The shop in Henderson is very small.  There is a considerable amount of old time things to give the shop a nostalgic air.  Check these out.  They are quite interesting.  There's also a small patio in the front with some seating there.I'm glad this is on the other side of town from me.  If it was closer, I'd probably be stopping more often.
5	I'm fairly new to the Las Vegas area, but I'm so glad I stumbled upon this place in my first month in town. They don't have a lot of frozen custard places in Los Angeles, so I had only tried frozen custard once when I lived in Boston. I've been here more times than I can count now. My favorite flavors so far have been the caramel cashew and the mint oreo. That is not to say that just about everything else isn't equally delicious. Also, the old ice cream shop decor is super cute. This is one of those places where you'll find families, couples, and/or groups of teenagers just killing time and eating custard on a Friday night.The downside, as some others have mentioned - this is definitely not diet friendly. It definitely is not "healthier" than ice cream or frozen yogurt. But, if you are going to indulge - you might as well do it right!!
4	I love me some concretes, but the chocolate wasn't strong enough. Loved the vanilla though and will come back for that!My toppings of choice...Kit Kat and Captain Crunch! Ask for extra though because I found there wasn't enough crunch in every scoop. ;)Four star rating...but really 3.5. Sorry y'all, I need to be able to taste the cocoa as well as my toppings.
5	Rich and creamy goodness!We had visited their previous location with a great visit there under our belts. They decorated with the same fun antique decor around the dining area.  It was as if they didn't even move to another location.  There are also a few tables out on the patio area.It was pretty busy as the weather was warmer and everyone else had frozen custard on their minds.  There was quite a line but they had it under control!  The line moved very very quickly.  The lady taking our order was cheerful and very helpful.Even though it was a busy night, we received our order quite fast.  Our orders were correct as we all devoured the delicious dessert.  Nielsen's delivers, yet again, a satisfying tasty treat. We love it!
4	Damn did this hit the spot in the hot Vegas weather! Basically a thick style of ice cream shake that is eaten with a spoon instead of a straw. Many flavors to choose from and you can mix and match different flavors and toppings to create your own concoction. Great way to cool off!
5	real yummy
5	If you don't know you better ask someone! I believe the best custard in town!
5	Have been going here for years, and This is by far my favorite place to get frozen custard! So much better than regular ice cream. I prefer frozen custard over ice cream because of Nielsen's, and theirs is the smoothest frozen treat you'll ever introduce your tongue and taste buds to... I always tell everyone that I recommend Nielsen's to is "it's like frozen butter!" so creamy, thick, smooth, ...so yummy. I've tried other frozen custard places and they don't compare in flavor and especially in texture to Nielsen's. Their frozen custard is so good that you don't need to add any toppings to it! Plus, toppings just distract your mouth from focusing on the awesome smooth buttery texture. A simple scoop of their frozen custard goodness is good enough to melt you! And they always have a different flavor of the day, most of which are good, but when they make the banana walnut flavor, oh man, I make it a point to drop everything just so I can have some! They make their frozen custard fresh everyday. I prefer the ones they make that day because it's softer than the ones they have in pints that have been frozen colder to make for better transport. All in all.... I love love love Nielsen's Frozen custard. You will never love regular ice cream the same way again after tasting Nielsen's Frozen custard.
5	Love this place.  This is the best custard ever.  I always make a point to get the egg nog custard during the holidays as well.  It is well worth the drive to come out here.  The store has packed containers to take it home too. That is dangerous though, you end up eating a quart of the stuff.
3	I'm giving them an extra star for the ambiance. Got an Oreo cookies & cream with an unfortunate imbalance of vanilla vs cookie crumbles; it was OK, but I wouldn't get it again. Also got a rocky road, with so few almonds that we felt the need to drive all the way back and exchange it. Its replacement was better, but "better" is relative, and overall I would still recommend going to the store and buying a Dreyer's Grand rocky road instead, which has larger, crunchier almonds, and a richer chocolate taste, all for a fraction of the price you'd pay here.If these guys are gonna boast that they're the ice cream shop that God eats at (and they do), then they'd better be better than store-bought. Top it off with a space-cadet server the first time in and a stressed out impatient manager the second, and I want to give this place two stars. The new storefront is pretty, though. At least there's that.
4	Smooth, creamy and flavorful ice cream!Staff seemed to enjoy working here and the decor had the old 50's ice cream parlor feel.
5	Absolutely amazing! This is mine and my husbands favorite place to go for dessert :-) when they moved their location across the street we panicked lol! I don't know what we would do without them! The staff is super friendly, the atmosphere is great, and the frozen custard is delicious! If you haven't been here yet, you need to go!
3	Finally tried Nielson's after purchasing an Amazon local deal. I tried the vanilla and chocolate before deciding what I wanted to order. I preferred the taste of the chocolate but noticed both were very soft. I ordered the almond chocolate malt concrete. The base of mine was chocolate custard mixed with malt powder and almonds. Except for the crunch of the almonds I could hardly tell they were there. It was more of an almond dust than pieces of almond. Within a few minutes, the custard was practically liquid so I only finished half of it. Even with the almond "pieces" and malt flavor the concrete was pretty bland. I don't know where the name concrete comes from because the custard  here is extremely soft and melts way too fast especially when eating in an air conditioned (cold) environment. The prices are also pretty high for the quality and they need more than one size for the concrete.
5	I have tried frozen custard several years ago in TX. I decided to make the drive to try a few new places. This is a place I will return to! I love oldies type diners and LOVE oldies music- this is exactly what I imagine when thinking of old school 'soda shop' dates. Even better... The frozen custard is delicious!
5	Doesn't get any better than this!!! My favorite place! Vanilla is the best, so creamy! I'm so glad they switched sides of Eastern bc that small busy parking lot situation  next to cafe rio, made me never want to enter.
5	I've been coming here since I was in high school and they never let me down! The customer service is awesome, friendly, and they always serve very quickly. They have the best frozen custard in town, for sure! I love the place and the way it's set up. They've got classic music playing and a really cool set up that takes you back in the day. They have a board that explains what frozen custard is. And it is delicious. They have vanilla and chocolate flavors, and then a flavor of the day. You can have it as a topper, concrete, sunday, or just one scoop/two scoops. I personally like getting the concretes. It's like a thick shake that you eat! You can add toppings. I like chocolate frozen custard with brownies and EXTRA brownies! Superrrrr yummy! The custard is thick and creamy and just the right amount of sweet. Definitely a place to go in Vegas! I always bring my friends here and love introducing it to people. Because then they fall in love too. :)
5	Had this Ice Cream many times...VERY GOOD...If you see the older man here, he's the owner..I really think he's the catalyst for everything, however, the kids in the front are good and ambitious workers as well...There flavors are difficult to figure out...However, straight up chocolate or Vanilla is the way to go! Very creamy and delicious flavors...Parking at that shopping center SUCKS...
5	Once you go frozen custard, you can't go back!  I can't go back to regular ice cream or fro yo.  The flavor is so creamy and rich.  I always try their flavor of the day, but I always get a scoop of vanilla with captain crunch topping.  It tastes like a bowl of cereal with milk (if you don't eat it fast enough, it'll melt quickly).  Frozen custard is made at a higher temperature, so you can actually taste the smooth, creamy flavor.  Another flavor that I like is butter pecan...because it tastes litterally like sugary butter melting in your mouth.  This is the only ice cream/ frozen custard place I'll ever go to in this town.
5	yummy fresh made custard. caramel cashew is today's daily flavor. Normal flavors daily are your chocolate and or vanilla. sundaes are yummy too here
4	I first tried frozen custard in Virginia. I jumped for joy when I saw the sign. We ordered the special of the day which was caramel cashew. I love cashews and my girlfriends and I all ordered the same thing. I was sad we didn't get a chance to go back.
2	I go into this place on a weekly basis. The custard is great and it's so close to home. I'm really not a fan of the manager who interrogated me over my service dog. She stands by my side and is never intrusive or interuptive to others so why the harassment? She is a service dog and has the right to enter the premise along with me so drop the attitude and go back to serving great custard!
4	- Amazon / TravelZoo deal = must- Concrete are awesome- Will change your lifeOnly con which is a major one is that it's typically runny when we get it. I understand with the volume of custard they're putting out it's likely there simply isn't enough time for it to freeze but that doesn't change the fact a concrete should be a solid not a liquid..
5	The mint oreo concrete is a dream in a cup!  Every flavor that we have tried is delicious and creamy!  Best spot for a cool, sweet treat:)
5	Been trying frozen custard around the country while road tripping for two weeks--Nielsen's is by far the winner. They have the tastiest, richest frozen custard, plus a great atmosphere, unique decor, and knowledgeable/friendly staff.
5	Great frozen custard in a fun 50's period setting with solid customer service.  Will definitely return!
5	The shop itself has a ton of character with its 50s decor. Service has always been very friendly and helpful, and even with long lines we've never waited long at all for service. Their custard is rich and tasty; I especially liked the mint when they had it as a daily special.
5	I love this place. My personal favorite is just plain vanilla, it's so buttery, silky, and smooth. I tried other places, but this is by far the best. It's like crack to me, I keep coming back.
4	4/5 stars for now. Hopefully I will be back again to try some different options to give it a full rating. cute and quaint little shop. loved it.
5	I love this place, the custard is always cold and delicious. I love the smell of freshly cooked waffle cone.  I love the atmosphere music the decor on the wall it really takes you back to more wholesome time.  So another Saturday another custard Run.
5	BEST custard shop in Vegas or anywhere for that matter. Once you've had their custard you won't go anywhere else. The portions are huge and they don't skimp on the mix-ins. My favorite is the vanilla custard with Heath Toffee. We can't go through Vegas without stopping and have never been disappointed.
5	Love this place, my favorite place for frozen custard in Las Vegas. I have tried a few including the famous luv it custard and hands down this is best. So smooth and velvety. I usually try the flavor of the day before deciding on what I want. Every person I have taken here has loved this place. I try to go every time I'm in Las Vegas. This time around I had strawberry which was the flavor of the day and then went back and had another cup of vanilla, ya I'm a pig and just can't get enough of this place.
5	This place is amazing.  The flavors are awesome.  I wish there were more locations, or at least some closer to the strip.  The service is awesome!The Chocolate Concrete with coconut and brownies fantastic
5	This custard was amazing. I don't have any other way to describe it. I got the vanilla with Reece's cups and an extra scoop of peanut butter. It's a little pricey but well worth it as it totally melts in your mouth. Tried it for the first time a couple of days ago. It's a good thing I don't live in this part of town, otherwise I would want to be here every day.  The custard is divine :)
4	We each ordered a chocolate concrete, a shake you eat with a spoon, that includes a choice of one add on.  My wife chose cheesecake, I chose coconut, neither of us could taste our add on. Our concretes were very good though we should have shared one.
5	Another celebration, Kennedy had a great piano recital so we stopped to celebrate again at Nielsen Frozen Custard.  In addition to the great concretes we also tried some of their sodas vintage awesome.
5	We love this place!! Best custard ever great after a meal or movie outing with the family. Chocolate with wet walnuts .
5	I'm hooked, wife is hooked, kids as well.  Perfect way to end the week with an awesome treat.
5	Delicious custard, clean establishment. The scoop prices are very affordable and the staff is funny and friendly. Do not bring a dog in though, they do not allow pets at all.
