2	I would like to thank Groupon for the opportunity to try a new dining/movie experience and since we are new to Charlotte, we decided to try a half-off night out to see one of the Oscar raved movies.  First of all, if you purchase your tickets and use promo codes on the SMG website, be sure to note that you need to enter each code individually so you are only charged one $3 processing fee for the two tickets. Also, when you select your seats online, know that the top of the seating chart is actually the front of the theater stadium seating. (We selected seats at the top which were actually at the very front but we were early enough to switch to a higher row.)There are a few things you may need to know as you decide to purchase your tickets. I am not sure if they had a really recent cleaning of some sorts, but when you walk into the front lobby, there is a tremendous overwhelming scent of vanilla/floral "car tree" smelling fragrance that is less than pleasant. I am very sensitive to scents and thought is was one of the front desk employees perfume.  As my husband and I walked up the escalator the scent continued and it even sorta smelled like it was masking possible stale smoke etc..Not completely sure.Anyways, there is a bar area and you walk to a desk where you show your tickets. We were early so we could decide on the menu and start eating prior to the movie. Supposedly you should be able to be seated 40 mins prior to the movie but we had to wait until 20 mins and we were told someone would come and get us to take us to our seat? Also, it appears there are many employees around but maybe because they just opened at the end of February, but the employees seemed they were still in training.  Also, once we were finally seated, one of our drinks was mixed up and the "food runner" didn't know what they were bringing when I asked. I specifically asked if the pizza crust we paid $1 extra for was gluten free and they server said they didn't have gluten free crust when it was on the menu.  Also, we ordered a bowl of ice cream, but a plate with ice cream and a brownie came out with the plate messily covered with caramel. (Even on the bottom of the plate and sides and it got my table very messy.) When we asked what they were delivering the "food runner" shrugged and said he didn't know.  (Note: all of this commuication is happening during the movie which is difficult and is why we tried to get in early.)All in all, the seats were semi-comfortable (not Cinepolis in San Diego :( and the food was decent (pizza burger ice cream etc..) For the price we paid, I guess we got what we paid for. I only hope they find a way to cut back on the air freshener scent and work with their employees on how to respond to customers and know what food they are bringing the guests. Oh, and when we received our bill they actually charged us for the brownie we didn't order and then resolved the bill. It seems a few loose ends need to be tightened.
3	This was my first time ever at the movie theatre at Epicentre.  I read some of the reviews from the old theatre and it sounds like some improvements have been made.  You can now order at your seat, but this is a very clunky system.  You press a call light which I think does nothing more than turn a light on.  I did not get the impression that anyone was summonsed by the light because I had mine on for maybe 15 minutes during the movie and I wasn't assisted until someone busing dishes noticed it.Service is pretty bad.  My friend ordered a bacon cheeseburger and I ordered a mushroom swiss burger and drinks at the same time.  Her water came out right away.  I waited 3 previews before finally getting my coke.  Her burger came out after about 20 minutes.  Another bacon cheeseburger came out right after and I took it and started eating not realizing it wasn't my burger (because it was dark and the movie was in full swing).  5 minutes later the correct burger arrived, but I had already eaten half of the burger they brought me.
4	Me, the boyfriend and our double date(s?) went to check out the Great and Powerful Oz last night... He's an okay guy... The theater was pretty cool, too... The staff was very pleasant and helpful, which is already a huge plus for me...First, if you went to Mez, you'll be overall familiar with the layout... The lounge area looks virtually the same... I remember the chandeliers and various light fixtures, the ultra modern swanky furniture and the glowy disco elevator ride up from the ticket counter... I still like the look of this place... The drinks we all had were decent... I had the New Orleans Hurricane, our friends had the Raspberry Mojito and Longer Island Iced Tea (thumbs up to both, according to them) and the boyfriend had a Nutter Butter Frozen situation...  Yep, you heard me... Nutter Butter... It was kind of like a mudslide, but completely smooth peanut buttery goodness topped off with an actual Nutter Butter cookie and whipped cream... With alcohol... Ridiculously, fantastically awesome... My 'Cane was rummy in my tummy... That was so corny that I had to leave it in there after it popped in my head... lol  It was very tasty, though... Truly... The button was nice... Instead of having to carry your food and drinks in with you or going back outside while missing the movie when your buzzer goes off, now you can just press a magic button and things will find their way to you!  The food that we ordered was top notch... I had the BBQ chicken pizza... It came out piping hot and piled with toppings... The crust was well-baked, the sauce was savory and the veggies were crisp... One of the best BBQ chicken pizzas I've had, actually... A+... The Thai chicken pizza was flavorful... Honestly, I was going to order this initially but I was a little worried about the quality of the peanut sauce they use... I shouldn't have been... It was the perfect balance of nutty and spicy... Let me tell you, I don't even like coconut, so believe me when I tell you: The coconut chicken tenders were out of this world!  They were so crunchy and juicy... I was really impressed... Lastly, the boyfriend ordered the chicken nachos... The toppings were really fresh and practically bounced off the nacho... The chicken was also very well-seasoned, in my opinion... Just make sure you get a fork... They really pile those toppings on... Now with all that fabulousness, here come the parts that didn't fare so well... First, while the ticket attendant was very nice, their process of using a marker instead of just ripping the tickets in half seems a little cumbersome... They are already passing out menus for folks as well, so either having another person with menus or buying actual tickets with stubs would be quicker for busier nights... It wasn't too bad yesterday, but I would be curious to know how it works out in a rush... Second, I'm sure they're still working on the inside the movie service training because it's new, but two things went less than smoothly: one of the servers was wearing jewelry that made noise whenever they walked and the drink service was spotty... I actually didn't even notice the noise until someone pointed it out to me because apparently I was lost in the magical world of James Franco, but afterward, I couldn't miss it... It sounded like bangles clanging against each other... Not really cool in the midst of a hush-hush place like a movie theater... Also, I ordered a beer (not from the button, with one of our three or four servers) and it didn't show up... It showed up on the bill, though and I asked the server about it... He said he could bring it out since there was another 45 minutes left, so he did that... Also, the boyfriend ordered water which never showed up... I think because we had so many people waiting on us, it was easy to miss... Having one server per row or section would probably keep things like that to a minimum... Or maybe I'll just keep pressing the magic button instead of ordering directly from the servers... lol Overall, I had a ball... I'll definitely be back again... But it's definitely pricey, so watch your wallet... lol
4	I visited this, location on March 11, 2013 for the advance screening of the movie 42.  I have been to this location on business.  I have noticed some improvements: no more buzzers like Applebees/Chilis, larger portions of fresh hot food and a staff that is eager to assist.  The ticketing system has improved as well.  Everyone was easy to recognize, since they have on the same clothing.   I will be back very soon.
4	Uptown is back to having a movie theater once again.  While I was fear for my wallet, I was pleasantly surprised by the ticket prices.  $10 adult, $7.50 matinee /student.  Ladies night on Tuesdays for $5. Wow... I don't have to sell my organ to watch a movie?  Melissa and I went on a Monday to see the new Oz movie. 7pm showing. We ran into a slight problem when we were being led to our seats.  Something about the actual seat #s and the #s on the ticket don't match. I hope they fix it by now, because I was not too happy missing my previews while the usher/waiter trying to figure out where to put us.Monday night came with half price margaritas special, frozen or on the rock.  It came in a big tall pint glass.  It was so much better than any icee or soda. I literally felt like a kid for a split second when the waiter put down my drink on my little table. I held it with both my hands (no spilling!) and took a good gulp of it.  Fabulous!We ordered a chicken quesadilla to split. It came with a side so I picked chips and salsa. It's plenty to keep both of us happy. Melissa got to press the red button to call for service. While at first it was odd looking at waiters running around in the dark in front of the screen, I got used to it pretty easily. Only complaint was the crying baby.  Obviously not the theater's fault, but seriously who bring a crying baby to a movie and stayed the entire time the baby was crying?  People are so inconsiderate. Overall thumbs up. And oh I think they have special showings for $1 (ex. Magic Mike the other Wednesday).
3	Went here last week to see Oz and try out the new restaurant.  The main difference is that you don't have to leave the movie when your food is ready!  That is nice but the trade-off is waitstaff interacting with folks throughout the theatre.  We had the margaritas and quesadillas and everything was great.  I was shocked at how fast the food came out.  The waiters use hand-held things that type the order in so they don't have to go back to a 'station' to type in the order.  All of that saves time and you get your food quickly!Nothing else has really changed about the place that I noticed.  Possibly the prices are better - Monday they have half price tickets!!!  I didn't get to ask if they still validate parking but i hope so - that is a plus to seeing a movie here.  I will definitely be back!
4	This is truly dinner AND a movie... Movies in Uptown are back! Studio Movie Grill (SMG) is a great addition to Uptown. For those of you who visited Mez, SMG has a similar set up. One of the changes is the addition of a swing out table at each seat.  Think of it as a cooler version of those classroom flip tables - only it's attached to a plush movie recliner rather than a hard plastic seat that's too small for your bottom. The reason for the swing out table?  Well, you get to eat at your seat... but don't worry about balancing a meal while trying to find a seat, you can order at your seat too. Each seat has a little red button that you press when you're ready to order. The food is pretty good too - definitely better than your standard nachos.  I had the sun-dried tomato and arugula pizza and my husband had the cheese quesadilla with fries.  The food came out pretty quickly and the servers were pretty attentive. One thing I did notice was that it's not pitch black when the movie is playing - I did appreciate this as I wanted to see what I was eating. But this may annoy some hard core movie lovers who want complete darkness and no outside distractions interrupting their movie. But I enjoyed my first time there - we'll definitely be back!
4	Overall, I really enjoyed my experience at SMG. The service was attentive, the venue is cool & hip, the chairs are comfy and the screens are big! I thought the venue was awesome. I love how you can get your tickets and grab a drink and hangout before your movie starts-- or after your movie ends. This would be a GREAT place for date night.  Their comfy seats in the theater even have the arm rest that comes up in the middle of your two seats-- so it kind of make a little love seat.  The service also earns 4 stars. While the staff is still learning the ropes, you can tell they really want your night to be special.  They were nice, attentive and helpful. Every time I pressed the button for service, I was greeted within 2 minutes. I love that you don't have to get up during the movie for food or anything. Their house margaritas were awesome - the right amount of sweet, tart and alcohol-- which seems to be hard for a lot of restaurants to master. I also noticed on the menu that a lot of 'skinny' beverages are offered which is really nice to see.   Now let's get down to business, the food! I really thought the food would be sub-par, but I am happy to admit I was wrong. My favorite dish of the night was probably their pizzas -- those were great.  Fresh ingredients, really good cheese and awesome thin crust. You could order that for your meal and leave not feeling disgusting.  The sweet potato fries were just as good as Bad Daddy's or Cowfish.  The burgers were also good with a good variety. I ordered the Gouda Bacon and was not disappointed. SMG didn't skimp on the Gouda and the onion, tomatoes and lettuce tasted super fresh.  I also have to put a spotlight on the coconut chicken tenders-- those were SO good. To top of the night, I order a Frozen Hot Chocolate. I tried to eat only half, but that proved to be impossible.  Order this, you won't be disappointed.
4	What a fantastic addition to the Epicenter!  What they've done oh-so-right:+ Attentive, passionate staff+ VIP atmosphere.  Makes you want to dress up for the movies!+ Beautiful lounge area to sip on cocktails while you wait for your movie+ Gorgeous screening rooms+ Large, comfy, couch-like seats with swing-out dining table+ HD bright giant screen+ Magical red button table serviceKinks that need improvement:- Popcorn.  Come now.  Fancy food is great, but please don't forget the quality in our old movie standard.- Checking out at the end of the movie became a bit of a circus.- The food.  It was hit or miss.  All the dishes were plated beautifully gourmet, but was a little short on flavor.  However, keeping in mind that this is a MOVIE THEATER, I hold no real complaints.  Just anticipation for what they do next.Overall, four stars for filling a void in Uptown, and doing it with style.  It truly is the perfect date night spot.  Dinner and a movie and then off to dancing at the clubs next door.  It was a wonderful experience and I can see potential for greatness as this venue finds it's roots.
3	Was here for a Yelp event and although they have a little tweaking to do I was really impressed.We were given samples of the food and drinks before our movie.The Blue margarita was really good to me, it tasted sorta like blue raspberry kool aid mixed with a touch of lemonade. the pizza was really good, not sure which one it was (and i apologize for the blurry pictures on the menu but for some reason certain pages would not take a clear picture- but I took the pictures so you could see the prices). the pizza had ham and mushrooms and a few other toppings. and was so good! crust not to thick. very even throughout each bite with ratio to toppings and crust.bacon wrapped scallops, have a feeling they were previously frozen- but that does not bother me since Charlotte is not a coastal city it would be expensive to get fresh each day. Any-who they were deliciouscoconut chicken- i was shocked how good this was since I ate it before I knew what it was- I am NOT a fan of coconut at all. Theater is large and with an amazing screen. Very modern with large comfy seats that have arm rest, cup holder, table and the seats lean back a little and they ROCK. you feel like you are sitting in a large recliner. you also have a service button in case you need to call your server. now for the hard part of this review. I understand they are new and still in training of how to do things but this is where the 1 star fell off. it took a long time for them to come take the order and the movie had started. She took our entree, drink and dessert order all at once. And this happened to lots of others as well. This is a kink that needs fixing. Others received their food way before us and it was someone different who brought the food and brought all of it at the same time. NOW all you have is this small college type table (you know the little table in a college classroom) so I had to send the dessert back since I had no place to put it. shortly after our food came our bill- Why? what if we were going to order additional items? this made no sense, and actually i did have to order my wine later. They never came back to refill my water or check if everything was correct. Another kink. the food though was again super! I had the ribs with fries and added a side of cheese (the cheese I received was something like Velveeta melted down with red peppers and green Chile peppers at a pot luck dinner appetizer) it was good but hard to manage. The ribs were tender and smoky, lightly sauced with a sweet/smoky sauce. They send you 6 individual ribs with a Good bit of meat on them. The fries came out hot and crispy, these are the seasoned shoestring type fries. The dessert was huge- as you can tell by the picture- and definitely made for sharing. the chocolate frosting is VERY rich. So if you are a chocolate lover this is for YOU.At the end there was a lot of confusion with the servers and checks. Some servers were still bringing out desserts after people had left. Some waiting on there checks etc. The servers were doing their best- but just were not equipped to handle such a large group. A few suggestions is to take orders before the movie, have servers that are assigned to certain areas so that there is less communication errors. once food is served have the server come back to inquire if drinks need refilling or if the entree is as requested. Again come back to remove any dishes and ask for dessert/drink order then. Once dessert is served present the check at the same time and then return a little later to remove dishes and check. Other than the few kinks in service that need tweaking this was a great night. I love the concept and hope to return soon
4	Front door to back door review for first timer using a Groupon.I first tried to contact Studio Movie Grill (SMG) to understand their parking validation as well as reserving seats, etc.  Their voice message stated they were having trouble with phone and I left a message for a call back.  Couple of hours later, the manager returned my call to answer my questions.  He gave good instructions on where to park and "how" to receive my parking ticket for validation (very good).Upon arrival at the parking garage and up to SMG on 2nd floor I had my ticket validated. I provided the reservationist all my paperwork (not my credit card) from Groupon and email confirmation with the seating I picked.  Let's say "Tatiana" was very "guarded" in dealing with me.  First Tatiana told me she needed to see my credit card and I stated otherwise with the paperwork.  She then scanned it without problems.  Tatiana proceeded to tell me there were no seats left, and I told her on the "PAPERWORK" is the seat I reserved online using my credit card.  I asked to see the Manager I had spoken to earlier, by then she found it and printed out my tickets. A Manager did come forward and her whole demeanor changed.  Tatiana needs more Customer Service pleasantry skills.Finding my way up the escalator to another desk just beyond the rest rooms, I was greeted in a more kinder fashion with menus.  Found my seat (very comfy) and then began great service with waiter, then drink runner then meal runner.  All the while these runners going back and forth, the movie was so great, they were ghost. (Olympus Has Fallen).I shared a delicious Roasted BB Chicken Pizza, crunchy Sweet Potato Fries and  bottomless Sweet Tea.  Not a healthy choice, but the food was very good and hot!Upon leaving to make it to the women's bathroom, it was backed up with folks waiting.  I walked around and found it a nice and cozy atmosphere where you could wait for your movie to begin and have a meal or drink and not rush already having a reserved seat.In summary, it was easy to get there and depart and Yes, I recommend SMG as an all in one dinner/date experience even on a Saturday night.Yes, I am a fan!
4	My husband and I came here for a Yelp Elite event so we were fortunate enough to try many different menu offerings as well as drinks. My favorite food that we had sampled was the coconut chicken tenders (to die for!). They also had ribs which my husband really liked, cheesecake, and a spinach mushroom bacon pizza (yum!). For dinner I had a grilled chicken sandwich which I added swiss cheese and bacon, with the salsa and tortilla chips. My husband had a cheeseburger with fries. The chicken was very good, but I didn't really care for the chips and salsa. I thought the chips were paper thin, and I like my chips to have more substance to them. My huband's fries were very good and so was his cheeseburger. I stole a good bit of his fries. For dessert we had the chocolate chip cookies which are served warm. I think you get four or five to an order, most of which we boxed and ate later. They were excellent! As for the service during the cocktail hour we had I thought it was very good. The servers are fun and were definitely part of the reason we had so much fun! During the movie however, it was a little strange. We sort of had a specific waiter, but other would stop by if our light was on to see what we needed. I think it threw off the serving process that we all ordered at once. I think during a regular movie, you order when you sit down initially so that would cut down on the confusion. Overall, I enjoyed our experience. I think the highlight was definitely the food and drinks. If you haven't had Cupcake wine, try it! It's very good. If you've been to Mez and then go to SMG, the decor hasn't changed but the mood and the experience have really improved. Good job SMG! Keep it going!
3	This place is quite new and so a lot of things could still use a lot of improvement. We first tried this place as part of a Yelp event. The Yelp team did a great job in organizing everything, but the rest of the experience was mediocre at best. At the event they had a lot of menu options to try, which was good, since that way we could try a lot of things instead of having to eat a plateful of the same stuff. The blue margaritas and the Redd's Apple Ale were good. The appetizers were okay on an average but the bbq chicken pizza / flat bread was really good, as were the shrimp, crabcakes and quiche. The ribs and coconut chicken was worse than average (my boyfriend loved the taste of the coconut chicken though, but I just thought it was too dry). Overall the hors d'eouvres event went well, with the alcohol and the appetizers flowing. I didn't get a chance to try the Cupcake wine because I wanted to stay awake for the movie but after reading the other reviews, I kinda wish I did.It all started going downhill after that though. During the movie I ordered a black bean burger for the entree (we just ordered one between me and my boyfriend since we filled up on the appetizers) which took forever to arrive. It didn't feel that bad since we were distracted by the movie, but it must have taken at least half an hour for the food to get to us. After that, I was dismayed at how it was served. It came in a bowl, along with the sides (fries) and a smaller bowl of ketchup. I've never been served a burger in a bowl before. Needless to say, when I picked up what I thought was the whole burger, all that I could pick up was the top bun and the patty, partly because of how high the burger was. And I'm terribly sorry to say this but it completely failed in taste, lacked flavor and was really dry. I wish we could have ordered something more (the smoked bacon and gouda burger?) to see if they did better overall and just the black bean burger was what was wrong. Also, the servers seemed really unsure of themselves, but I guess that's because the place is new and they are still on the learning curve.My boyfriend also noticed that the speaker system was off. The surround sound was fine, but the main front speaker where most of the voices came from was way distorted and quiet (those are his words, unfortunately I don't notice such things).We decided to give them a second try when my boyfriend's parents were in town. The servers are just as confused about the entire layout as I remember. Something that was ordered by someone sitting in row J or K was first brought up to us (all the way back in row M) and when we said we didn't order it, they finally found the seat that ordered it. And this wasn't a one time thing, they kept bringing orders to the wrong seats and/or asking people if they received their orders or were still waiting for it. As it is, it was a distraction to have the servers walk around the place, and on top of that I don't want them bothering me when I haven't even ordered anything and am just trying to watch the movie.I really hope they get a little more organized system in place to serve people or at least have their servers familiarize themselves with the layout. I also suspect the whole taking orders on iPod touch isn't quite working as well as they hoped it would, but oh well, what do I know?Oh by the way, when you get your ticket validated, make sure it has the extra validation bar codes. My boyfriend gave the parking ticket to the lady at the box office to get it validated and she probably ran it through the machine, but it didn't actually print the validation bar codes. We didn't realize it till we handed the ticket to the lady at the ticket booth while exiting the parking and she asked for $10 saying the ticket wasn't validated. Very careless move, SMG.
4	Good food and service! A good date night spot..Having said that, what you should also know is that if you prefer to watch a movie completely uninterrupted, this may not be where you want to watch it. You will notice the servers moving around, taking people's orders, bringing out the food & check etc. They try to be as invisible as possible - wearing black, and speaking softly, but we're so accustomed to not seeing figures move around in a dark movie theater, that it can be somewhat distracting. The food was good - the appetizers especially. I ordered a salad (kale and avocado) for my main course, which I didn't love, and also, it wasn't the ideal dish to eat in a dark theater.. I wish I'd have realized that when I ordered it, then I wouldn't have eaten half of my husband's burger, which was quite tasty =). In my opinion, dishes like their delicious coconut chicken tenders or pizzas, are far better choices for that setting. While the theater itself is definitely more suitable for a date, (thanks to the ambiance and seat arrangements), the bar is a fun place for bigger groups. So, if you're trying to encompass everything from dinner to drinks to a movie, all in one evening, in one place.. this is a great one stop shop!
1	I purchased the Groupon for Studio Movie Grill and went to see a movie last night. Walking in, the place looked great. The lighting was nice, the woman behind the counter was nice, and overall a good feeling when I walked in. During the movie, my friend and I ordered a drink and some fries to split. I gave the waiter my card to pay for the order and realized that he never returned it to me just as the movie was ending. I immediately went to the front desk to go look for him because I had a bad feeling about this. As I was walking towards the front, he handed me the black folder thing with a receipt, when I get back to my seat, I see HE GAVE ME THE WRONG CARD. I understand people make mistakes, but it's a dark movie theater.  So naturally I assume that whoever card I have, has my card in return. I run down to the the desk as the movie was ending and the manager, tells me not to worry as people are piling out of the movie. I start to panic because I have no idea what they did with my credit card. More people start to come out claiming that they didn't have their card either. It was a complete disaster...The way in which this situation was handled was terrible. Finally after about 15 minutes of frantic, one of the workers finds a bunch of of receipts with cards piled in a lower drawer...I freaked out because I saw my card and the manager grabbed it from me claiming he needed to check to make sure that the "right amount" was charged..I grabbed it back and no way, I just wanted my credit card back. Needless to say, the organization and carelessness was unacceptable. I am beyond disappointed that the staff is not trained enough to have the ability to keep customer's credit cards in order. Overall, if you must go here, which I highly recommend you do not, pay in cash!
4	Yay! I'ma a fan. A fan indeed! Love the concept of dining in the cinema. Wonderful!!! I don't know why all theatres don't do this. $30.00 on popcorn and a small drink, or an app, entree, dessert, and or a drink?!! Can't beat that with a stick. Though I must say, I don't know how much a ticket cost for a movie lol. I've been to two events here (in the same week) and they were both free. Shame on me haha! The only set back for me is that there aren't any fish options on the menu. Lots of great choices, but not really something for everyone. I was surprised by how good the food actually was. The chef came into the theatre at both events that I attended and was very friendly. He wanted to ensure that everyone enjoyed their meal. Nice touch. I should have suggested that they offer a "grilled" entree option. It is "Studio Movie Grill" after all. Would grilled salmon be too smelly in the movie? I don't think so. There are plenty of people there to ensure that your movie/dining experience is stellar. Almost too many people. I thought that everyone running around the theatre during the movie delivering food and drinks would be a distraction. It's not lol. It's a great alternative to your regular movie experience. Enjoy!
1	This place was very unimpressive. When it was the Mez it was much better. The quality of the food and service has gone down, the bathrooms were a mess and the theater wasn't even ready for us to enter until after the movie was supposed to start. Don't waste your money.
4	Movie was great!! I got the ribs, which I will not get again, they were way over cooked, I also got a drink from the bar, it was just ok, the theater was very nice, and modern, a great place to take a date. I'm sure I'll go back again
3	My girlfriend and I were pumped to go see Oz, and we decided 3D was the way to go. We got to the Studio Movie Grill and were surprisingly shocked when we found out Tuesday nights are Ladies night, and our tickets were half off, plus the $3 extra for 3D. We picked out our seats and made our way upstairs. Drinks and food are a bit pricier, but expected. We ordered an appetizer sampler and our food came out very quickly and at the beginning of the movie, which was good timing. The food did nothing for either one of us, and I actually felt a little sick later. We ordered the popcorn in the middle of the movie, after picking at the appetizer sampler, thinking it was a safe bet. There were more kernels that didn't pop then popped, and there was no butter.  Also, keep in mind, the servers have to talk to the patrons during the movie, so if that won't bother you, you are in good shape.Overall, I would go back because the theater is nice, the chairs are comfortable and $5 is reasonable for a movie, but I wouldn't order food again.
4	The hubby and I took our daughter here on her 14th Birthday just last week for a matinee during the week and we were so LUCKY to have the entire theater to ourselves so we could laugh, chat, share food and allow my daughter to ask questions during the movie (otherwise that's a NO NO because we do not like when people are talking during the movie so we wouldn't do this either).My daughter LOVED her food she had Buffalo chicken tenders and fries , I had an AWESOME Asian and Wonton Salad with Ginger dressing and my hubby had Quesadila's with sweet potato fries.Our movie was Awesome we say Oz in 2D wasn't sure what 2D was but basically we didn't need any glasses.The push for service button is right on time and the service was punctuale and very friendly as well.We will be back when we have out of town guest as we just relocated to Charlotte, NC from Chicago and would like to introuduce some people to Studio Movie Grill while they are in town visiting. We also want to check out the lobby bar this summer as it wasn't open when we were exiting our matinee.
3	So to start out with, I'm like, incredibly lazy. I mean it's ridiculous. So the idea of a movie theater where I could sit there and press a button and have all my food and drink served to me was such an awesome concept I knew it would go really well with Jurassic Park 3D. PS: Those dinosaurs still look so awesome. We get there and the front desk girl was really nice and when we got upstairs they gave us a menu and we went to our chairs. I noticed a couple of things here: The cup holder is awkwardly placed. I want it next to my face so I don't have to reach over in the darkness to put my cup away and hope to god I don't drop it. The tables weren't so great if you had to use the bathroom during the movie. Which I totally did so I experienced that level of awkwardness myself. The food is okay, my friends salad was a weird combination of salads and my coconut chicken tenders were pretty solid. The service was so weird though. Like, I wasn't sure if all the people were brand new or what. They came to take our order a couple of times before they realized someone else had taken it. My coke refill took for freaking ever. Seriously. We got our check halfway through the movie so that was a genius moment on our part since everyone else had to hang out during the credits to pay. So by all means go and enjoy, but enjoy it a little less than if you had just gone to a restaurant and a cheaper movie theater. You could probably even just sneak in some vodka and it would still be cheaper.Oh and they validate parking but if theres a dude standing there asking you to fork over 10 dollars to park then they don't validate. I told him I would just parallel park and I parked for like 4 hours for free so if theres a lesson anywhere it's to parallel park people. The spaces here are ridiculous huge. It's not even that hard.
4	I'd rank this place as probably my absolute favorite theater in Charlotte.  I know that the service can be very spotty but my review is mostly regarding the theater alone.Comfy chairs, best in Charlotte.  Wide aisles in and out of the rows and honestly it's never crowded so picking a good spot is never an issue.  I hope it stays that way.The sound and screen size is superb and exactly how going to a movie should look and feel.  I've never been able to say that going to a movie was relaxing but my latest experience was one of the most relaxing times I've ever had and all the while watching a horror movie.  Interesting.As we exited the place they even sweetened the deal with a future visit coupon of $5 to come back again.
2	Seats and theatre are really nice - huge comfortable chairs, however I do agree that the drink holder is in a very awkward position. Food is pricey, which is expected - but not worth half of what it costs. It actually made one if us sick later in the night.Everyone was really nice until our 2nd server came. She was terribly rude and even got our order wrong. I would go back for a movie, but would never order any food - not even the popcorn again.I miss Mez - better food, better service and better atmosphere.
3	It is slightly difficult to rate this place, because it has such a wide range of things to consider.Movie Experience:In terms of the movie experience, it is great.  The ticket prices are very reasonable, and the seats are huge and comfortable.Dining Experience:I was pleasantly surprised how good the food was!  For a movie theater, the food will most likely exceed expectations.  The Thai Chicken Pizza is great.  I also really liked the Coconut Chicken Tenders w/ fries.  The prices are a little high in my opinion, but not out of hand. (i.e. food at a Bobcats or Panthers game) The main problem with SMG is the service.  This may improve with time, as the business is new, but the servers I have dealt with (for the most part) seem slightly 'out of sort'.  They have struggled to take orders accurately, and reflect the orders accurately on the check.You may have to get used to the servers taking orders during the movie, but it is not that bad, as the movie is loud enough and they are fairly discrete (I cannot guarantee the same level of subtleness from other customers, though.)Overall:I like SMG (mainly for the movie experience), and I will go back, I am just hoping for it to become a little better in terms of its food service operations.  Hopefully I can update this with another star in the future.
1	FYI - to anyone who has appreciated having a nice movie theater uptown, strike it off your list of accomplishments.  SMG has really made some terrible terrible changes.    The new aisles SHOULD be a nice improvement, as they pretty much prevent the need to cross in front of anyone in their seat, but they selected LED lights on them that brightly shine directly at your eyes during the whole movie. That problem is intensified by the fact that THEY DON'T CLEAN the 3D glasses between uses.  Mez used the type in plastic bags that were processed and cleaned for next use, but now you just set them on a table and they rely on a minimum wager to 'clean' them, which they don't do well.  So I had grease smudges on the glasses that pretty much made the lighting glare worse. It was a huge relief that they kept the old seating, as that was a major plus for the Mez theater.  However, to fit with SMG's [terrible] business model of having 'waiters' IN the theater, they added a swivel table with a call button on top of the old small surface on the armrest.  These effectively block the drink holders, which caused at least one person in my movie to drop and smash her glass (must have been alcohol, as they now serve regular drinks in plasticware).  They also cause the eating surface to be very high and uncomfortable.  I'm 6'1 and my friend is 6'3 and we both noticed the discomfort of the table height so I'm sure average people will dislike it too.  I actually found it a worse experience to eat WITH the tables than simply with the seats how they were at Mez with my plate on my lap or on the arm rest tray.   Then comes the business model that SMG is pushing, which I have comparatively realized is completely horrible compared to Mez.  You have 'waiters' coming up to take your order IN the theater.   That means unlike before where you made your menu selections and orders outside in the lobby with a buzzer to pick it up, you now must look through the menu in the dark and then attempt to order the meal to fairly unprofessional and unskilled waiters, who then enter it into a smartphone app.  Of course it is nice to have the food runners bringing your food to your seat, but that could have been easily added to a process of deciding and ordering at the bar like before and giving them your seat number.   There were lots of SHHHHH's during the moving because of the process, not to mention it being more likely to have people walking around the theater.    It also took uncomfortably long for them to even come when you press the button, so it isn't likely that the process saves you time.   It is an extremely inconvenient convenience. Lastly, the food is absolutely goddam terrible.   I will never plan to eat there again.  So they have put up tons of tacky infrastructure and employment relating to forcing food on you, but then the food products are basically poor tasting fast food.  The french fries had a strange smell.  The burger had no taste.  Yet, they are charging MORE than Mez charged for good quality chef-quality food.  It's bad enough to look through a menu of frozen-fried junk food, but it's hard to mess up that level of foodstuff, and these clowns sure found a way.  $13 burgers just do not taste like hockey pucks in the real world. I was so put off by the experience, that I may seriously just pretend there is no movie theater downtown.   For the most part, I am the type of person who understands growing pains for new businesses.  Certainly they might shape up the employees a bit, which is a glaring need.  But while they didn't change much, the changes they made cause the dinner-and-movie experience to be much worse than before.   Their whole business model is completely terrible, in my opinion.  Terrible food at high prices selected in the dark and ordered with whispers eaten uncomfortably on a poorly retrofitted tray and dealing have low end employees hovering around the theater the whole time.   I had very low expectations when I went, and it was far worse. Maybe someone who hadn't been to Mez, and doesn't care about 'having nice things' will totally be fine with this, I don't know.  But for the same or higher prices, it is hard to imagine tolerating such a steep decline in quality and experience.
4	This is a great place for a date!  My boyfriend took me here on a rainy Saturday afternoon.  We rode the light rail and got off at the EpiCentre stop and walked right up to the theater.  (Very short walk and almost all of it is covered-very helpful if you don't want to be rained on and forgot your umbrella like we did.)The entryway of the theater is really nice, great lighting and the smell is very nice too.  You purchase or show your tickets to the desk at the entryway and then take the escalator up to the second floor.  We sat at the bar for about a half hour before our movie-the girl behind the bar was so sweet and gave us plenty attention.The ordering process is straightforward.  You have a small red button on a small table attached to your chair.  (Kind of like a college lecture hall desk.)  You pick what you want on the menu, push the service button and a server appears.  They quickly input your order using an iPod touch and your food arrives shortly.  The food was good-I did a rather easy meal of sweet potato fries and chicken tenders.  Beware of the drink holders-yes, there are drink holders.  They are on the front left side of your table.  It is a bit awkward.  Also, there isn't a ton of room if you have to get up and leave the theater while you have food on your table, so be careful.The movie we went to see was really upsetting so we left the theater before we were able to pay for our food.  I went to the bar outside and ordered a drink while my boyfriend stayed behind to see about paying for our food.  He explained why we left the theater and they gave him a few $5.00 movie passes.  We spend the rest of the afternoon at the bar!I'm really looking forward to going back and actually staying for the entire movie.  :)
3	My boyfriend had bought the groupon deal for $5 tickets and yesterday was the last day to use them so we came uptown for dinner and a movie.  They still haven't streamlined their process yet, it took quite a bit to get our tickets because they were trying out a new scanner.  We had never seen a movie at the Epicentre Theater before it changed hands because it was so crazy expensive but I think Studio Movie Grill has the right idea, everything is mid-range in price.  $10 is average for a movie & the food and drinks are pretty average priced too and if you remember to get your ticket validated parking is free.  Tuesdays are also half price tickets for ladies ($5) but when every single movie is either a war movie, sports movie or a dumb spoof scary movie, you won't be getting many ladies to attend.  That is my biggest complaint, the lack of diversity in the movies.  It seems they're catering more to the single 20 something bank worker.  We settled on 42 because it looked interesting, otherwise I would have let the groupon expire.  Be careful of where you put your elbows on your arm rest/food tray, as Tim and quite a few people around us kept accidentally hitting it with their elbows.  Service was pretty quick although you could tell there were some trainees, food was getting delivered to the wrong chair pretty consistently, but it has to be hard to deliver food in the dark!  The food was average, a step above fast food.   The chicken tenders looked nothing like what they kept showing on the screen and despite the fries being listed as seasoned, there was no seasoning or salt on them and since we were all the way at the top of the theater I didn't want to make one of the servers walk all the way up there just for salt.  I also would have liked more variety of candy.  I definitely want to come back when they do one off movies, they have quite a few $1 movie nights and they're showing some more artsy independent films too but I think I'll eat somewhere else beforehand.
4	I'm really digging the new setup for Studio Movie Grill! At SMG you can now order right from your seat while watching your movie and with great service to boot. It is now a full movie AND dining experience. I ordered one of the flatbread pizzas (which was just OK) but I would go back in a heartbeat with a friend to catch a movie and a bite and try other menu items. All of the other food that I saw others order looked very delicious. If you live near uptown, this is such an easy way to knock out dinner, drinks and a movie all in one fell swoop. They also validate parking!
2	I'm so torn with this place. Between Cinebarre (the other movie/dinner business in Charlotte) and SMG, I prefer SMG mainly because the sound was a LOT better (nothing is worse than trying to hear the movie over someone chewing). Also the seats are so comfy and I actually like having a button to press for the server to come up. However, both times I've gone now, it's taken the server a ridiculous amount of time to respond to the button. So honestly, I don't really see it as much of a convenience as I would've liked.The really bad thing is that both times I've gone, I've gotten pretty shoddy service. The servers are SUPER nice but I don't know if it's them or the kitchen but somewhere between me ordering and it getting to me, something goes wrong.The first time I got my food wrong but it took forever to get a server so I just ate it and made sure my tab was done right. The second time, our waitress read our order back to us THREE times (and that was at her suggestion, not ours.) Well, first, our food came super quick, but WELL before our drinks. I was halfway through my pizza before I had to stop eating and wait for something to drink. After about 10 minutes, we finally got our drinks. And they were wrong. But we were so thirsty and that had taken so long we just drank them anyway.Luckily these mistakes weren't terrible. I mean, the wrong food and the wrong drinks were still tasty. But...it's not what I ordered. And it was too difficult to get them justified.Also, when they bring the check at the climax of each movie, that's a little more than distracting. I wouldn't mind sitting a little longer at the end in order to pay than have a movie possibly ruined.Overall, I think if they get all their serving/kitchen/bar kinks worked out, it'd be a preferable place for movies and dinner.
2	Studio Movie Grill is like a sad shell of what Mez used to be.While Mez had it's problems before Studio Movie Grill took over (Paying higher price for regular seating, they called it "Premium Seating"), SMG added a host of other issues.First I'll hit on some positives and as to why I didnt rate it as 1 star.  We bought the $5 Groupon, and ordering tickets online was a breeze, and picking your seats beforehand is a really good idea and I think that movie theaters should all implement some sort of seating arrangement so that you don't walk in to the theater with 5 people only to find that you have to split up or sit in the very front row.  The web experience is awesome.Now...on to the concerns.....I thought at first that the idea of a movie/dinner hybrid would be a good idea.  I was wrong.  I went to this theater twice after buying the Groupon.  The first time, when I got to my seat, it was covered in a white powdery liquid, like someone had a baby and it upchucked on the seat or something.  We told one of the waiters just to see if we could get it cleaned or get a towel or something to sit on...and then they said they would be right back.  So I stood....and waited...and waited.....20 minutes went by before I grabbed another staff member and asked them to clean it.  After that I waited another 10 minutes before a staff member came by with what looked like a spray bottle and a paper towel and tried to spray it down.  No luck.  All the waiter said was "Thats pretty gross, I wouldnt sit there either.  Sorry, theres not much I can do".....NOT "Let me see if I can find you another seat" or "We are sorry, have a free movie on us"  or anything.  It was just "suck it up and sit in the goo, or go home".  My wife slid over in her seat and we pretty much shared one seat for the entire movie.Upon leaving, we had our parking "validated"...meaning one of the staff members looked at the ticket, acted like she was doing something to it, and then handed it back.  When we left the parking garage, we found out that it WASNT validated, all the staff member had done was just write an X on it or poked a hole in it or something.  We had to pay an extra $10 for parking.The second time we went was just as unpleasant.  This time we were able to get seats that were decent.  We got to our seats, and placed our order, which was just popcorn and a soda.  That was all we ordered.  About 10 minutes later, the guy next to me ordered a hamburger and a couple other things.  20 minutes later, once the movie started, the guy who ordered the hamburger received his meal.  We were still waiting.  It wasnt until 30 minutes into Iron Man 3 (1 hour later!)  and after checking with the staff on the status of the popcorn that we finally received it.  Well, then we bit into the popcorn, and it was the absolute saltiest thing I had ever tasted.  I love salty foods, I put salt on a lot of my food.  This was unbearably salty...like the kind where it almost stings your mouth.  I took two bites and tried to flip the popcorn over, because I thought that maybe the bottom half would be less salty.  Didn't work.  I dont normally send things back unless they are unbearably bad....I sent it back and asked for a lot less salt.  10 minutes later, we get the popcorn again, this time it had NO SALT at all.  We just ate it anyway.On top of all that, my wife missed half the movie trying to fix our salt situation.Having the waiters and waitress going up and down the stairs with their iPhone/ordering devices was also extremely distracting.We had better experiences at Northlake or Concord Mills theaters.  We probably wont be going back to SMG.Overall, Mez just seemed more upscale.  While the ticket prices were sometimes outrageous there, SMG seems like a cheap knockoff.  The atmosphere is very different then Mez.  Mez was more like an upscale club that had a nice theater attached.  SMG feels like a cheap movie theater that happens to have a restaurant, and they don't know quite yet how to make the two work together well.We went to Mez several times just to eat at the restaurant.....After seeing the food at SMG and experiencing the service, I doubt we'd go just for the food.
2	Never thought I would miss Mez, but the SMG really screwed up a great concept. I went recently for a movie date and now I wish I saw it in a theater without so many distractions. I don't think 5 minutes went by without a server walking up to a seat. Beyond the distractions, the pizza we ordered was less than decent, it was barely cooked. Going forward I will be grabbing dinner somewhere in Phillips place and seeing a movie there.
3	Sooooo... I'm giving them 3 stars b/c the Manager took care of our bill. Ya see this is the second time my b/f and I had an issue with the service on two separate occasions. First time they didn't bring my water when I asked twice and didn't bring the bill. This time (tonight) they brought our food to the wrong people, took it back, brought it back out after 15 min., it was cold... I told them we didn't want it (no attitude) so the Manager comes and says its on him. That's great customer service! So why 3 stars???Well... It would be different if this happened every once in a while but two times in a row. And this is the only two times I've been there. I like that the seats are comfortable. I like the tables. I like the screen, the atmosphere, the bar and all that outside, but the dining experience screwed it up for me. I'd rather concentrate on the movie rather than what I'm missing or what's wrong... Bottom line: Get ya girl or female homie with the big purse to stuff all the goodies and snacks in it and enjoy the movie!
3	I think they are trying to turn this into a theater for everyone. It'll take sometime but could be worth the wait. Still a great theater to see movies Uptown. 3 stars right now but could easily move up very soon.
5	Much better than Mez and Cinnebar! Great sound and picture, food is good, employees are super friendly... and after the show you walk back out to the bar to find that it's turned into a dance club! The DJ there is awesome. Every song gets the ladies dancing. I'm coming back next weekend for sure.
4	My movie experiences as of late have been rather bad ones.  Whether its the outrageous pricing for tickets (insert old man joke here), a lovely 3 year-old wailing during a nice PG-13 movie and parents just ignoring them, or just plain ignorance on the theater's part by projecting their in-between movie trivia slide shows at the climax of a movie,  I've been looking for a new place to get a better experience.Unfortunately enough, Matthews comes a little short when it comes to theaters.  You have the Carolina Cinemas (corner of Monroe and Sardis) but the theater is dated and also retro fitted for "stadium seating".... The retrofitting creates more of a tunnel-like effect and I am not a fan.  There is the $2; see the movie 3 months after it came out theater on Independence but it is what it is... a discount theater and I have found my shoes stuck to the floor on numerous occasions here.I was really sad to hear they were closing the theater in the Epicenter, but looks like the new company that inherited the space took a different approach.... and I am a big fan.  Yes, it is uptown and parking can be a pain, but they validate!  They did not change the seats or layout of the place too much, but they definitely changed the food approach.  It used to be you ordered the food and they bring it to you, but now you sit at your seat and call the server.  The servers are pretty good about not making a ruckus and distracting from the movie and there are a ton of menu options.  Food prices are a little on the high end, but it isn't too surprising given the theater's prime location.  I will have to try some items next time - but my neighbors definitely enjoyed their chicken fingers and (very large) margarita.Overall my movie going experience was pretty awesome here and I think this will be my "go to" theater from now on.  I'm willing to drive the extra mileage and not bother with the less-than-satisfactory movie experiences in Matthews.**NOTE:  Make sure to validate your parking when you buy your movie ticket.... I was under the assumption that the movie stub itself could serve as my "validation" but you have to have the folks at the box office stick your parking ticket to get it electronically validated before you can leave the premises (the manned parking attendant is on P1 on the Trade St side of the Epicenter).
4	SMG is an awesome place to watch a movie, old sport.  I wouldn't go to enjoy the food though.  It's like a 3.5 but gave it a little more, why not.Came here on a weekend to catch the Great Gatsby, which was a pretty good movie. It brought back memories of high school and well, ya know, reading the Cliff Notes right before the quiz.  (Do they even have Cliff Notes these days or do high schoolers just "wiki" everything--I probably would!)  The best part is that I thought it was pretty good price at $13.50 a ticket or something and the seats were super comfortable--I fell asleep for a bit!  The food was not good.  Everything was cold except for the pizza that we ordered.  I'm guessing it was because the pizza that everything else got cold while they waited for it to bake.  It got baked, but the rest of our food was beyond lukewarm.  "It is invariably saddening to look through new eyes at things upon which you have expended your own powers of adjustment." - Nick Carraway.  Think on that for a minute, old sport.I'll definitely come back here to watch movies--the seats are comfy-womfy.dmo out.
2	The movie experience has been thoroughly compromised. I loved this place because it was a great place to not run into mall-rat kids, annoying people kicking the back of your seat, all the good seats taken by people who camped out, etc etc, and to be able to watch a first rate movie in peace and comfort for a bit of a price premium. A full bar was icing on top of actually watching a movie in an experience that was as good as being at home.The most crucial thing is these new anti-theft 3D glasses by Dolby are huge, uncomfortable, and most importantly very dirty and reflective (The individually wrapped Real-D ones were far better and CLEAN). After first putting a very dirty set back and grabbing a new pair they still were covered in prints, After a thorough scrubbing to try to get the obvious finger prints off of my vision I was left with a Vaseline covered goop around the corners of the screen and tunnel vision. The lights are kept fairly high so the servers can walk around, the problem is these reflective lenses gave me a very good view of my own eyeball and the lights to my periphery, further obscuring my vision of the movie. I felt like a fool but the only solution I found was to stick my movie ticket in-between the glasses and my temple creating a blinder that fixed one lens. When possible I took them off and ignored the blurry backgrounds. Double vision was better than a dim blurry mess.Food and drink is great... but meaningless if the movie experience is ruined.Servers have walk-e-talkys chirping during the movie taking you out of it, their ordering system seemed to be a glowing white smartphone. Why not install a red filter on them? The color red does not affect night vision nor distract near as much. Similarly, give them red flashlights and turn the lights back down to movie levels. They are good at ducking out of the way but that doesn't solve everything.I won't review the food but I was dismayed to see the drink selection was no longer local microbrews like OMB Copper, but now a slew of major national names (and for some reason Sweetwater 420, yuck).Sadly it looks like next time I will be back at a major chain with the mallrats. Or better yet, staying home and busting out my own growler of Copper.
2	Watching movies at SMG was great, but I will agree with the other reviewers about the bad service for dinner. My husband and I went here tonight and read the reviews ahead of time, so we knew what we were walking in to. We ordered the raspberry crush mojito from the menu before the show, and the bartender didn't know what it was. We ended up getting drinks with no raspberries or mint and not resembling mojitos at all. We ordered just popcorn and cheese fries for the show. The popcorn came right away, but the fries didn't show up for a while, and when they did, they weren't hot. We asked to send them back, but they never came. We asked them what happened and when they finally arrived they were hot, and the server apologized profusely and removed it from the bill. Sketchy service at best and I am guessing this is due to not having dedicated servers, and rather a pool of servers running about.i will mention the cheese fries were good once they came out hot.
2	I miss Mez. I miss the bar as you exit the escalator, which is now covered with a creepy dark curtain. I miss the toilet paper in the bathrooms. I miss the clean floors, free of trash, boxes and bins. I miss the chocolate mousse dessert and the more refined menu, which has now been replaced by something more akin to TGIFridays. I miss not having an awkward swivel table, blocking the drink holder, with an obnoxious LED light. All of the special that was getting dressed up to go to the movies uptown is now gone. After raving about the "nice movie theater uptown" and then taking my family to SMG last evening, I'm thoroughly disappointed and embarrassed. I'm giving SMG a 2 star rating because I did not get good poisoning.
4	Bottom line: Go for a movie, not the food. We went to a matinee recently and were impressed with the experience. Very, rather. The girl at the ticket counter was gracious and charming, the staff throughout the theatre were charming as well, and the seats.....I wanted to take one home. They are the most comfortable seats in any theatre I've ever been to. The biggest plus about seeing a movie here (since it's the EpiCentre) is validated parking. That'll seriously save you some dough and will help you forgo a walk through nasty weather, should it be one of those days, to park in the EpiCentre's garage. Mondays are the day to go if you want to drink whilst watching your choice film. Half off house margaritas? Yes, please. They are actually pretty good, too. They even do this thing called a "metldown" that gives you an extra shot and some other goodies. They'll even tailor your marg to your liking. Nice touch, SMG. We ordered the duo dip. Meh. Save yourself the disappointment. It was just wrong. The cheese was a brick of GROSS and the guac stuff was a little off. The cracker-y things tasted stale. Definitely wouldn't order it again. However, I'm happy to report that the popcorn is fantastic! $5 gets you a gracious amount, too. Suffice is to say that I really dig SMG....for the movies. I'll definitely look forward to coming back soon!
3	My husband and I went here last night for the first time.  It's a different concept for a movie theater and I liked it overall.  We ate dinner at home before the movie, so we just grabbed some drinks and popcorn while we were here.  The seats are super comfy!  We got margs and popcorn - it was ok, but it was cool to order food while watching a movie.  I think it's something we'll do again :)
3	I wish I could disagree with the folks who already reviewed this place, but I don't have too much to add. Ben G is right: Go for the movie (and drinks), not for food.I actually like the new seating arrangement and appreciate that the service / food comes to me. I never liked ordering at the counter and having to fetch the food in the middle of the meal. You do in fact get used to servers scuttling around like cockroaches in the middle of the movie.  It sounds like they have the service part worked out for the most part or will soon (we had very quick response though a friend the next week didn't).I thought that maybe they were working out the kinks in the kitchen, by the time we visited after the changeover but I think maybe they just have a bad menu / recipes. The burger was mega-burned. I understand the whole department of health must not serve undercooked beef if you don't grind onsite rule, but this lacked any moisture. Take a lesson from Five Guys or Burger Company, kids.  I did appreciate the brioche bun and toppings (we got the BBQ sauce one). I would not reorder without them changing the recipe and people gushing about it. The quesadilla was OK but unremarkable and very bland.  I didn't know what Lyndsay meant about thin chips, but they really are quite wimpy and unsatisfying. The strawberry (mango?) margarita was supposed to come frozen and it came on the rocks which was OK but it was the sweetest drink I've ever had, which was not so good.  Perhaps we try the coconut chicken tenders next time with our flick and stick with wine/beer.
4	I'd never even heard of these types of places so this was a unique experience. The food and drinks were average but you're eating finger food and drinking margaritas while watching a movie on a big screen. There's a button you push to get a server's attention during the movie. I gots no complaints. The only way this set up could be better for me is if someone could pee for me in the middle of the movie so that I don't have to. Okay fine, the food could be better and the drinks could be too but they're not charging exorbitant prices nor are they marketing an amazing dining experience.I liked the seating set up as well. There are "couple" seats with little tables that swing out in front of you and in the front, there are rows of seats. They do have daily specials like ladies night, half off margaritas, etc. I wouldn't go here for all my movie theater needs but it's worth going just to do something different every once in a while.I think if I went on a super busy night, I could get annoyed at people being disruptive. But hey, who doesn't get annoyed at people. :O
4	I've been here maybe 5 times now and the service for the most part is improving, but for some reason when I go out in a group I'm always the one messed up.Last night I went there and since my friends were running late I didn't sit down until the previews had already started.  I pushed my button right away and the server took my order for a burger and a water.  My burger came in a decent time, but was given to my friend instead and she passed it down to me.My water only came after I pressed my call button an hour into the movie and the guy personally ran down and ran back up to get it.  I think they kept keying my stuff under another seat.My check was given to another seat and after I paid my credit card was given to the wrong seat as well.  We're talking the other side of the section wrong.So I've had 3 good experiences and 2 bad experiences but the bad ones are clear indicators to me of room for improvement.
4	Okay...so the intention was to go and watch a movie....However, they had $3 shots at the bar...so umm...well...I'm going to have to come back and review the total SMG experience. But the ambience and bar experience was great. The place was not too packed and has a very laid back vibe. Not to mention, its beautiful inside. We had two very attentive bartenders helping us...we simply said we want something sweet...and they both did an outstanding job....round...after round...after round....we were very pleased! I have no clue what any of the drinks were called but they were all delicious. And for that price, how could we not want to return?!? I really look forward to coming back for the whole movie and dining experience! So definitely expect an update...soon!
4	I really like all the renovations the theatre has made since making the transition to SMG. The seats throughout the theatre are amazingly comfortable and very spacious. I would forgo the food a stick to the drinks. They have specials almost everyday and make the drink to your liking. It's well worth the $10 to see a good movie, have a good drink, and a pleasant experience.
2	I tend to love this set up and liked it better as Theater 5.  The food that we have had there is far below what it was and it's super expensive for what it is.  I love the idea but the food should step up a bit.  We had an especially poor experience.  We went to the 10:15 showing of Man of Steel... for the entire evening, you could hear the club music thumping against the side wall.  Huge distraction from the film and the experience.  I think I will opt for classic theaters in the future unless it's a midday thing and we aren't eating.
3	Long gone are the days of a new, shiny theater. Here are the days of a worn down, but newly claimed movie house serving food and drinks to your seat.I was under the assumption that when new owners take over they also fix up the place. I was pretty disappointed that the atmosphere really showed its wear and tear from the last few years. The seats themselves, however, are still just as comfy as before. Each seat is a good one and still a big bonus that they are assigned. Whew, the anxiety of finding a seat in a packed theater doesn't exist here.While I think it's a good concept to eat and watch a movie (since I often practice this at home), there were times I would get distracted by the servers running up and down the aisles (not for lack of an intense movie). Minimal distractions though and not enough to prevent me from returning. I'll have to give it another go, but it definitely wasn't as appealing and shiny when I first came here (when it was the Epicentre Theaters).
3	Given the similarities in concept, it's difficult to avoid comparisons to Cinebarre. But hey, that's capitalism! And well, this place is kind of a mixed bag. In some aspects, they're the best in the business. In others, they're screwing up big-time and could really learn a thing or two from their competition. Fortunately, their shortcomings can be avoided, or at least minimized, by following two tips.1. Go when it's less likely to be busy, thus insuring a seat far from other diner-cum-audience members. Good advice at any cinema, but even more important here.2. Give the wait staff as little reason to come bother you as possible.Yes, I said "bother you" and I choose my words carefully. Studio Movie Grill's biggest problem is the indiscreet, heavy-handed service of the waiters. They bustle about bringing this and that, reaching over you to hand food and drinks to the person sat beside you. They seem to have developed a skill of coming around right at key points in movies. Worst of all, they bring the check and attempt to settle up during the last quarter of the movie, i.e. the climax. I understand why they do it but there has to be a better way. I for one, would happily stay during the credits to avoid having a movie ruined by oafish service. I don't know the solution to this problem, but Cinebarre certainly seems to have figured it out. They're like ninjas over there; your food or drinks seem to materialize out of the ether. SMG should really take notes.Where Studio Movie Grill excels is in the comfort department. Their seats are the most luxurious in the business. Not only do they recline, but unlike Cinebarre, where you have to lean way forward to eat from the narrow table too far in front of you, at SMG the table is attached to your seat and swivels right over your lap or completely out of the way as the need arises. As with their Arboretum competition, the selection of movies is small and limited to big blockbuster Hollywood films. So you're unlikely to ever see that quirky new Wes Anderson film or a screening of Metropolis there. But that's okay. That's what Manor Theater is for.
4	This was my first experience since the change to SMG from EpicCentre.  Lets say I absolutely love this place!I purchased coupons from Groupon and when i went to the counter to get my tickets the front desk was amazing. Very helpful. I love the fact that you now have assigned seating so no more looking for an empty seat. Those days are history. When you walk in the theater there are employees to direct you to your seat. LOVE IT!We chose the "love seats" which have an arm rest in the middle but you can lift it to get the true " at home cuddle" that you want with your spouse while looking at the movie if you choose too. :) Attached to your chair is a tray that is easily moved should you need to leave your seat. It has an attached red button that you push to your waiter to your table. It is awesome. No filling out forms or having to get there early to take your food to your table. When the staff comes to your table they are very discreet and sit down on the steps beside you and whisper your order back to you once you've told them.The food was absolutely fantastic! I have the appetizer sampler. I believe it was cheesebread with some lovely spices, buffalo wings, chicken quasadilla and nachos with salsa. Lovely displayed alone with dipping sauces in glass dishes!! ( i personally love that) The prices were not expensive at all compared to the normal prices of just popcorn and a drink. We had a milkshake, 2 margarita with extra Patron shot, the sampler of 4 for only $32.00 Bucks!!!The theater is really dark so you don't really see the bodies moving around delivering food during the movie.I have only one complaint, during the climax of the movie my waitress came to settle the bill, but with the LOOK i gave the immediately walked away. After the movie she did apologize and I left her an AWESOME tip :)So please go enjoy!  I bet you will love it!Billie
4	this location is much nicer than the chicago one i have previously been to.  It's much more posh and lounge-like.  The ticket purchase went smooth and the worker was very friendly.  We had to wait in line for the theatre to be ready for a loooong time and were allowed in right in time for the previews to start.  The pizza is the only menu item I find worth it's price and I didn't like that they turned off the pop machines halfway through our movie because it was 11:00 PM.  They should wait til all showings to turn down the machine.  (I understand the kitchen closing, though.)I will definitely see a movie here again.  Especially on Tuesdays.  Half off Ladies Night!!!
3	I went to the Studio Movie Grill recently.  I ordered a fruit and cheese plate and a beer.  There was plenty on the plate for me to snack on through the whole movie, and it was nice to have a healthier choice than the usual giant box of candy! lol. The service was super slow and the theater was not even half full, but I had to remember that it is not a normal restaurant, so be patient.  My friend's drink came and I had to wait 30 minutes for my beer!  My food even came about 15 minutes before my first beverage.   There was plenty of staff, so I'm not really sure what happened.  All in all... I will return.  I like the price and the different choices of food.
4	So I think you're enjoyment level on why you're coming here improves if you're expecting a movie with pub food (basically), and not a fancy restaurant with a movie playing.  If you're expecting the latter then this isn't the ideal place for you.  It's probably best if you split your day up with a nice meal out (Morton's perhaps) then follow it up with a movie.If you're expecting the earlier, then I believe you're in for much more of an enjoyable experience at Studio Move Grill.Biggest pro is that you're all in one date night/movie out is assured.It's a one stop shop for food, drinks, snacks, and of course the movie of your choice.The seats aren't the most comfortable I've ever experienced, but they were still quite nice with a bit of recline to them to really make the sale.  :)  Each had their own little table to eat from with a small drink holder available as well.  My only partial complain about that is my plate was sliding around.  I couldn't figure out why.  :-/I ordered the sliders (beef), with fruit, and popcorn.  I know, normally I'd go with fries but the popcorn and fries combo would have made me hate myself to much.  This at least made me feel a bit not so bad about myself.We order about 5 mins before the movie (previews) started, and received our food just before the movie started.  So it worked out that we didn't miss anything.  Although honestly should have ordered a bit sooner so I could SEE the fruit I was stuffing into my mouth.  The sliders were good, not over cooked, with soft buttery buns of goodness showing them some love.  Each bite was actually quite delightful.The fruit that accompanied it was actually very tasty and fresh.  It wasn't like a typical fruit bowl, because it didn't all taste like pineapple (which seems to overpower everything).  Instead (or in this case) the grapes, pineapple, cantaloupe, and melon were all tasty and had their own individual flavors!  :)The popcorn was... well... popcorn.  I imagine if they would have messed that one up it would have been an instant 1 in the review.  How can you be a cinema and mess up popcorn?  LOL  So that was fine, no issues there!Movie itself was bright, nice sound, and no noise throughout the movie (more patrons than movie, but whatever).  So it was all in all a VERY enjoyable experience, which I would be happy to repeat provided I'm in the area.Last follow up (main review is done, if you like it, check this place out!)... I had the sweet tea for my drink.  It's brewed, which isn't typical outside of restaurants, so that was a treat for me and it was quite good.  So... the end!
2	Went here for date night to see World War Z and the movie was great but the experience was not. The food was super expensive and not all that great...half a hand full of fries and 5 chicken tenders for $10.95 is ridiculous. Plus they serve through the whole movie which is distracting. The servers interrupted us during the movie numerous times about the check and trying to bill us for someone else's order. Quite annoying. 3D glasses were scratched and made it hard to watch the movie. I'm glad I only got one Groupon for the tickets because I will not be returning.
5	AWESOME AWESOME AWESOME! My favorite movie theater hands down! The tickets are similar in price to any other theater, the food is amazing, and the atmosphere is unlike any other. I love the fact that you can have dinner and a movie and a cocktail while watching the latest movies. Everything in this theater is reasonably priced and the chairs (loveseats) are so comfy. Who ever came up with the idea to provide service at the touch of a button during a movie is a genious! This isn't a place for families in my opinion, but a great place for date night or an outing with your bestfriend.
4	I went recently for the second time to this theater.. I gotta say I am definitely a fan of it. I had bought a groupon for $5 movie tickets so I went with some friends. Parking at the epicenter was fairly easy and the movie theater validates so HELLO FREE PARKING! Coming here straight after work I was rather hungry so I ordered the BBQ Bacon cheeseburger which comes with fries. The burger was delicious! next time just ordering it without the onions (yuck). The fries were good but lacking a good portion size the whole thing was served in a cereal size bowl. I would have liked it on a plate and with MORE FRIES... server was only ok, his name was Lacy he just wasn't very nice.. didn't smile and then didn't bring me napkins when I ordered a burger and fries? I have to ask for napkins? ordered a Blue Margarita to go with it was good but there again the service was lacking. Overall I would definitely go again just next time ordering the popcorn!
3	I went again.  I will continue to go.  Until I am proven wrong, however, I will not expect my food or drinks to come...ever.  lol.  I also give it 3 stars because the staff is always very friendly and the building itself is very nice.  the seats are big and comfy and the ladies' room is clean. Theater is always clean and the picture/sound quality is good.  Mostly impressed with the friendly staff! The movie price is good and the menu is reasonably priced too.  My complaint is always simply slow service, and i only put the review here, hoping that perhaps the system can be corrected in the future because i really like going there!  There were 3 people in the theater including myself, but it took 30 minutes to receive my soda, and over 45 to get my food. After asking about the food twice and finally getting up from the movie to go out and ask where it was, I received it, and I was happy with the way that it was handled.I will return and when something changes between the kitchen and the theater, i will surely raise my stars.
3	Went last night, 8/7 and saw my first movie there. Bought tickets on Groupon which was a great deal. Paid the extra fee to reserve seats online, glad we did because line to get tickets was very long. Seats were super comfy and movie theater had a great ambiance about it. We ordered popcorn and 2 drinks and that took about 20 minutes to get to us. They brought checks out about 30 minutes before the movie ended, put our debit card in and handed back to server. The movie ended and we still did not have our check and debit card back. We had to go and track down our server, as with half of the movie theater. That was a nightmare in a theater. Overall, seats were great, food was good, but service not so much. Haven't decided if I will return or not.. -The validate your parking ticket which is a huge plus though!
3	The service was pretty good, but the food took a while. I can be understanding about that though, because our theatre was pretty full, and if the kitchen is cooking for 15 theatres, it's going to take a while. Unfortunately, my burger and fries were lukewarm/cold, as was the popcorn :( So I didn't finish either... The seats were super comfortable and the venue was very interesting and fun- as others mentioned, I would go here for the movie (maybe a dessert/drinks), but not food. It wouldn't be a cheap night either way.
3	Fun outing in uptown.  I ve gone to this movie theater several times and it is a nice escape in Uptown.   Try and get your tickets through groupon/livingsocial.  They validate parking, so you can park for free in the epicenter lot.   They also serve food and drinks at the theater.  You sit down in the theater and press a button and a server will come to you to take your order.   The food is good, but a bit pricey, ( I assume this is were their profits mainly come from). The one things that detracts from the experience is the servers are around the theater, which is distracting, but after going a couple times I have become use to it.
3	I had a great time at Studio Movie Grill. I went on a Monday and had the $5 Margarita, which was delicious. Also, I ordered the Coconut Sliders, which I didn't know were fried and the buns were a little bit big for a lady to eat at the movie theater ;) but they were tasty and the fries were good too! It was definitely different than a typical theater because of all the commotion between the 5-7 servers throughout the whole movie, but I think it's just something to get used to. I hope they do more groupons, and I will go again!
5	I have been coming to SMG for a few months now. Love the dinner and movie concept! Tonight we came in to see We're The Millers! Awesome movie! I always go online and reserve our seats! Love this feature! Got to my seat and it was stained! Boo! But I was like maybe I can exchange seats. Asked my server miss Kelsey, about my situation and she said she would go request an exchange or seats for me! How awesome is that for customer service! Great place for dinner and movie and five star service! Thanks Kelsey server #46! You Rock!
3	I've come here a few times and finally decided to write a review.As a movie theater, I think it deserves 4 stars.The seats are super comfy, especially if you're on a date. The screen is pretty big, and just the whole concept is pretty neat.As far as the food... It's okay food - reasonable, especially for a movie theater.Theres quite a few options to choose from which is nice. They also have daily specials during the week.The drinks....EVERYTIME I have ordered a mixed drink there, it's pretty weaksauce. So most of the time I just stick with beer cause I know exactly what I'm getting. One time I got a margartia pitcher...total waste of money. was soooo weak and 60% Ice.NOW THE SERVICE Is why I have to give this place a worse score than what I want to.Everytime I have been here, the service is terrible. I understand it's hard to service a movie theater, but that's not the problem. Theres been multiple times where I order food and something that I order never shows up. One time I ordered a beer...waited 45 minutes and finally pressed my service button to tell them I hadn't gotten it...he apologized and got me one...but then when I got my check they charged me for two. Yes, I wouldve had two if my first one didn't take an hour to get.
4	Get here early. The place fills up quickly. I love this place now. The new update makes the place so much more inviting. The parking is validated for up to 4 hours, which is really awesome. The only reason I gave it for stars was because of the popcorn. You are a movie theatre, your popcorn should be on point. I don't know what it is, but something is not right about it.
4	Awesome place at the epicenter. Went here to watch Gravity in 3D. Now let me just say they are up to date with the finest technology especially for 3d. The seating was comfortable. You can reserves  your two a seat even online. Now what makes this place more special than others? The fact that you can order food and they bring it to you quickly. I so would've ordered more but I already ate at the restaurant right next to it. But there menu is large, but mainly filling up with drinks. I ordered the frozen hot chocolate and that was delicccccoous! I want it again so badly. The one bad thing is that of course everything in the movie theaters are 300% overpriced. But nonetheless I had an exceptional time! I came in for my birthday and I was greatly pleased with the customer service, the movie, and the food!!
2	Nice seats and layout but I could not get over how the staff managed to serve the food to myself and others and key points during a very suspenseful movie. In addition they brought the bill and expected me to pull out my credit card during the movies climax. It was incredibly distracting and poorly executed. SMG needs some tips fromCinebarre, who delivers the food seamlessly.   This theater would be my last choice among others in the area.
4	Check groupon for deals before you buy your tickets.Don't book online to save the online booking fee.Park at the EpiCentre and they will validate 4 hours of parking.Check out the specials before you go, they have everything  from all you can eat pizza, to $5 margaritas, $3 beers, $2 off burgers...Sometimes the lines at the box office can get quite long before the show, either use the kiosks or plan ahead!
3	We went to SMG last night to watch Gravity 3D. I really love this location and the concept of a movie theater and bar/grill combined together. The inside is very nice and welcoming. The prices aren't really that bad (plus, we had a Groupon!). We both ordered a beer (it was $3 for domestic draft.....which for some reason is only Bud Light and Coors Light. Amp up your domestics!) and split the pepperoni pizza. The pizza came out waaaaaaaay before the beers did. After like 25 min or so we finally got our beers. The beer and pizza were both good. No complaints. I guess my biggest struggle with this place is that they could just do some little changes and go from a "just ok" place to an "amazing" place. For example:-Have a better ordering/distribution system. I have zero clue why a cooked pizza would take longer to bring out than a draft beer. -All the waiters and waitresses keep walking by you throughout the whole entire movie.....once the movie starts, lessening the people that walk around would be nice.-Bringing out the checks closer to the end of the movie. They bring out your checks like right at the climax of the movie....which is like 45 min-hour before it is even over. I mean I bet there are a ton of people who would have ordered another drink, if they would have just waited to bring out the bills towards to end. It was super distracting. -A can of paint to the ladies bathroom walls. In the end, I am not a person who cares about this, but figured it was worth noting for the ladies that did care. The bathrooms doors are all scribbled with "LT loves ES" and "Christy Rocks" (ok so maybe not those exact names but you get the point). Just a can of paint would make this "problem" go awayLike I said, none of these above "issues" make or break a place for me. They are just such small things that they could fix to make this place an amazing experience. The dining/bar area is so nice and upscale feel. Why not make the movie watching experience the same thing?
3	I had purchased a Groupon here and was excited about trying out the new business since it had been taken over from the MEZ days.  Not a great first impression when it took us almost 15 minutes to get our tickets when we walked in....even though there were just about 8 people in front of us.  They only had one person working the register, and you have to pick out your specific seats when you check in - so I guess that slows the process.  They really should have called for back up.  We were bummed to miss some of the previews and be rushed getting in.The theater itself is nice and the chairs are very comfortable.  Our server was very nice and attentive.   Most of our food was not very good.  It tasted like bad bar food.  I would skip the chicken tenders next time.  And the fries tasted like something out of a frozen bag at the grocery store - that had freezer burn.I do have to give them props for my frozen hot chocolate. That was pretty delicious.  I just wish they would have given me a spoon to help me eat it.  Another suggestion would be to have them post some signs in the parking deck by the elevators telling movie theater patrons to bring up their parking ticket to the theater for validation.  We had to go all the way back down to our car to get that to save us the $10.  Sort of a pain.
2	My first expedience at a dinner movie theatre. Not very impressed. Very limited on the movie selection. Only 4 choices at a major downtown mall location. As a biz traveler, I'm looking for a good movie and popcorn. Dinner was expensive and lot of disruptions with meals delivered around me during the movie.I won't do a dinner movie again
4	I love the idea of alcohol and food in the movies, especially when they are brought to your chair. The service is great, the attendants are very nice, and the $25 for 2 special is great. Be sure to get the Groupon deal before you go to save 50% ticket price.The drink and food are pretty reasonable for an uptown movie theater. The chair is very comfortable.Also, they offer 4 hours of free parking from the time you parked, just make sure your valided your parking ticket.The only thing is there's very limited movie showing and seating. so if you know the movie is heat especially during weekend go early to buy the tickets if yo don't want to sit in the front row.
3	We went to see Catching Fire Friday night.  The theater was clean, and crowded.  Our server was very nice, but they got my order wrong.  It's hard to take your attention away from the film to get your food fixed.  The chairs are extra large and super comfy.  When we left the theater, the traffic flow was terrible!  People trying to come in, get in line for the restroom, standing with their drinks.  They may want to look at this to create a better experience.
3	Servers inside the movie theater. Seems like a great idea on paper... not so sure though in real life. Pros: -If you want to see the hot new movie on opening weekend, you can buy tickets ahead of time online... and even pick out your seats. Saves you all that hassle of going to a theater early and waiting.-SMG validates parking. This is HUGE because that Epicentre deck is ridiculous. The validation is good for up to four hours.-The seats are super comfy. It's like being on a couch.-The service was great. There was an army of servers manning our theater. Which leads me to the cons...Cons:-There's an army of servers roaming around the theater. Talk about distraction dot com.-They keep a light on in the theater. -It's not quiet. The booming bass from Kazba next door plus all the noise from people eating, ordering food, servers moving around... it's a lot.-Alcohol served in a theater. There will be at least one drunk person in your movie. In my case, it was the couple next to me... hammered. And all over each other. No, they were not teenagers... they were like 40.There are certain times when it makes complete sense to come here. But if you're straight up just wanting to really enjoy a movie... I would recommend going somewhere else.
4	SMG is a pretty decent establishment. I've always been a fan of Mez/ EpiCenter Theatre back in the day and it's hard to say whether or not the new management brings anything more to the table really. Don't get me wrong, the bar and food selection is still great, but it is outrageously over priced. The atmosphere and service *can be* great at times. Really contingent on the movie you see/ how packed in everyone is. Speaking of which, the new seats are absolutely fantastic. It is literally your own recliner (not really a recliner, fyi) with a swingable TV tray, and separate cup holder. Amazing.The HD visual and audio qualities are still very good. They also validate parking for parking in the EpiCentre garage for up to 4hrs.
4	Trendy cool place!  Beer and a movie: brilliant!  Good staff, prompt service, nice seats (thou a little dirty) and decent price.  Would recommend
5	Had dinner here tonight and food was excellent. Our waitress Atalia was SUPERB!!! Pleasant,  kind and attentive. I will come back just for her. She's an asset to your organization.
3	So SMG was just "okay" to me. The food selection is great but quality I wasn't too impressed with. You should be sure to check the menu in the bar and decide on something before going in and settling down to watch your movie. The light available in the theater is not enough to even read the menu. Likewise, it's not enough to see the food your eating very well or to sign a check and write in a tip.The negatives above aside, the seats are the best available in the theater world. Something akin to a La-Z-Boy recliner with a swivel table and drink holders big enough to hold your liter-o'-cola. Assigned seating is also great because it ensures you don't need to line up and fight tooth and nail to claim the best seat in the house. Service was excellent too. I can't think of why, but the server we had was cheerful and ever ready to do her job of risking her life up and down stairs in the darkness to bring us our lukewarm meals and room temperature soggy sweet potato fries.The movie quality and lighting in the theater is perfect, as expected. But the one thing that enhanced my experience (and mind you plays no role whatsoever in the quality of my review) was the intensely rude guy behind me. Well, I honestly found him hilarious but in that "are you serious!?" kinda way. He spent the whole movie burping, farting, munching audibly and kicking my chair continuously. Your mom let you go out in public? Hahaha!
3	This is a cool concept but doesn't work well. Good movie theater but the food aspect is slightly annoying. Having servers walking around during movies is distracting but it's nice to have a beer during your movie. If you get the groupon 5 buck ticket it's totally worth it.
1	Ok, first - I went here when they first opened in Charlotte and my husband and I had a great experience. So, we decided to go back a few months ago and watch a movie and enjoy dinner there. The food was o.k. - nothing special. It was a lot of pre-packaged, frozen things put together to look fancy. The main problem is the workers there. I believe they go on the streets and find sign holders to work there. All of them looked sloppy, they had no idea what was going on. It made us feel like we were at a bad section of town watching a movie, where we were supposed to be uptown having a nice elegant experience. Will not be going there again. We will try Cinnabar.
2	I suppose that, for some, SMG would check off all the boxes needed for an evening's entertainment. IF you really want food delivered to you during a picture, by all means, this is the place to do it. But - if, like husband and I, you just want a quality movie-viewing experience without all the fancy frills and hoopla, there are better and more accommodating options out there.We were supposed to meet some friends on Christmas day for a viewing of The Desolation of Smaug: a recent - but not opening day new - film. Upon arriving (about 25 minutes before showtime), we were informed that the seats were assigned (uh...what?), and the only ones left together were in the handicapped-accessible area. At a loss and feeling pressured, we bought the seats. Our friends showed up 10 minutes later and were told the show was sold out. We would have asked for a refund so that we could find somewhere else to all see the film together, but there is a large sign at the ticket desk that emphatically states no refunds, no way, no how; maybe we could have asked for a manager and pressed our luck, but on Christmas day especially you just don't want to be *those people*. Our friends left for another theater, and husband and I went inside.1) When we got in, we noticed at least 6+ open seats in pairs around the theater (which was TINY). These seats remained vacant for the entirety of the show. I don't know if SMG was deliberately underselling the show, or if the seats were somehow claimed (maybe by online sales that were no-shows? That somehow seems a bit unlikely, too), but it just seemed fishy to us that there were so many open seats in better locations compared to what was offered to us as "the only thing left", and that my friends were flat out told there were no seats left.2) The seats were comfortable enough, except, with us being in the handicapped-accessible area, husband got stuck with an office chair instead of a regular plush seat. Meh. 3) Wow, okay. The whole food thing. I get it. I get that some folks want a meal with their movie, I really do. And the servers did generally try to be efficient coming in and out, and to duck under the screen. But, seriously? Major, MAJOR distraction. I want to be focusing on Gandalf battling nasties, not have my attention redirected to the server who's standing in the middle of the theater, confusedly looking around for who ordered the Thai chili nachos. 4) Again, assigned seating, say whaaaaa? Yeah, I understand that it probably helps with keeping track of the food orders/bills. But it's a pain in the butt if you try to make any kind of plans to meet with other people to see a show together. God help you if you don't show up at the same time! To be clear: SMG didn't show us a bad time. I just don't think we were the clintele they aim to cater to, so their best efforts went unnoticed, and their failings stuck out a bit more. We probably won't be back, but that doesn't mean you shouldn't go, if you like what they have to offer.
2	I tried to like this place, I really did. I gave it three times  and I've officially decided I don't care for it. I do like that there is normally a $5 ticket coupon code,  that is its only saving grace. The food is severely lacking. I have had the steak and cheese sandwich & the coconut shrimp. Which were both alright. We also tried the burger and I actually got sick at the end of the movie, I do have a sensitive stomach so that may have been part of the issue, but I don't think we will be back.
4	It's a movie theatre that serves food. Great concept, right? We went to see Anchorman 2 on New Year's Day but somehow missed the "grill" part and ate beforehand- bummer. The seats have little trays and buttons to call a server to you while the movie is rolling, which is cool- surprisingly, they don't really disturb you when they're serving other people in the theatre. I don't think I even noticed them roaming around while we watched the movie.Anyway, the problem with Studio Movie Grill is the whole "seating assignment" thing. We went to see a movie a couple weekends ago and were sadly disappointed that there weren't two seats together anywhere in the theatre. I noticed this when we went to see Anchorman as well- the seat assignments were almost at capacity but the theatre was not. What is that about? We ended up skipping the movie last time and ate dinner at Vida. Bust.Next time I'll order tickets online and well in advance.
4	Secret life of Walter Mitty is the best movie of 2013 and I loved my experience from the food to the seating. The reason why I gave this place 4 star instead of 5 is the service. I waited a long time and never got my change and so the waiter stayed with 20 dollar tip which is way too much since i wanted change. I think he needs training since the other wait staff had to help him. The bar was cool and spacious with enough staff and enough seats & couches.  The decoration made it feel like it wasn't a sports bar but there was a few large TV's to watch any games. the service at the bar was better and I wish it was the same before sitting in the theater.
3	As you walk into Studio Movie Grill, it's difficult not to be amazed. These seats are pretty awesome. It's like seeing stadium seating for the first time when all you're used to are regular old movie seats. For those of you who don't remember, movies used to have these uncomfortable seats that were mostly on the same level. Go to the Manor if you want to see - almost everywhere has stadium seating now, and even the cheap places have a pretty good rise to the rows, with reasonably comfortable seating and soft, ambient light. Didn't used to be that way.Anyway, these seats are rather incredible, with little swivel armrests where you can sit your food. They also have a cupholder underneath, which is odd, because if you have something in the cupholder, you can't swivel your tray - poor planning on that one. Each seat also has a button you can hit if you want to order something. Nice idea, because the "turn and order" option of Cinebarre doesn't always work that well. To be fair, the button doesn't work that well either, but it's a bit better, and at least you have a really comfortable seat.The ordering process goes smoothly, and food comes out reasonably well - unless everyone orders at once. In that case, it can go slowly. So you may want to arrive early and get your order in. If you arrive just on time for the movie, like everyone else, it might be a bit of a delay.As to the food: So-so. The menu advertises hand-made pizzas, but only some of them seem to be. Others are clearly frozen, or really, really taste like it, so someone is very adept at making pizza taste like frozen. The flatbreads appear to be handmade. Ribs have way too much sauce. The chicken strips are pretty decent.Perhaps the coolest thing (other than the chairs) are the perks: You can actually order your tickets on-line and choose your seats. Unfortunately, this means an extra charge. But you are then guaranteed your seats. You can pick your seats as you arrive as well, but then you are subject to whatever is left - so it might be worth an extra charge for a popular movie. Also, they validate in the Epicentre parking garage, so that's a good bonus. Just remember to take your ticket with you!
3	This place is decked out to seem like a nice bar/night club but acts like a dollar theater. I have visited this theater 5+ times now, mostly due to the $5 groupon deal. The food is decent for a movie theater- stay away from the pizza and the 2/$25 "deal" where they gouge you with a tiny appetizer that definitely won't feed 2 people. Arrive early or buy tickets online to make sure you can pick the seats you want. I love that I can pick my seats in advance, I've never been stuck with a bad one. The only reason I took off 2 stars is that this place is dirty and there is no customer service. The walls have grease spots, nothing above arm height has been dusted in years, the seats and cup holders always have crumbs or trash in them and the bathroom doors literally have paint peeling off of them. The staff is usually huddled together somewhere chatting, except the bartenders who have been great. For $5 plus validated parking in the epicenter garage it's not a terrible trade off, I'll be going back.
4	Loved the concept, dinner and movie all within 2 hours. Here's my full review: http://onespringstreet.blogspot.com/2014/03/studio-movie-grill-smg-charlotte-nc.html
5	A great place in Charlotte Center City to spend the evening with your wife, catch a movie and with the seat service by very quick staff and good food, it makes for a very relaxing evening. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys a night out at the movies.
3	It's a nice movie theater for a date but I miss the regular walk in sit watch a movie go to dinner or walk around the mall. This place is a one stop shop it causes date night to lose it's pazas plus the customer service is sub par everytime I go there's something wrong with my order. I know I don't have to order to watch a movie but why go here if your not going to par take in the dine in experience plus I live I north side so by the time I drive down I used enough time and gas I could have invested it into a nice dinner and movie closer to home.
3	A-OK is right about SMG.Is it my favorite, no, not really - but as long as they keep offering groupons for $5 movies I'll keep coming backI also like getting a full meal at my seat.  Though I'm going to ignore the time I got food poisoning.  Really f'd up Best Man Holiday for me.  It was the first showing of the day and my diet pepsi tasted funky - I believe they didn't purge the hoses or something of the soda fountain - but I spent the later part of the movie fighting nausea.  And it was only 11am, and I hadn't eaten anything prior and that night before was also nothing exotic.  Anywho - the reason I can't rave about this place are the servers.  I hate team service.  They are always nice, but the person bringing your food didn't take your order and the pacing is always weird.  When I talk about weird pacing I mean you get your meal and are damn near finished by the time your seat partner (who placed an order with you!) gets his/her meal.  That is weird.Not to mention they always get it wrong.  They continually mess up thinks like lemon in tea, or utensils..and good luck getting one of the runners to get you anything.  Seriously they drop down a plate of messy nachos sans napkins and silverware..I ask the runner for silverware and he tells me to ring my buzzer for my server.  Not cool studio movie grill.  How about use some common sense and carry napkins and bundled utensils with the runner.
3	We went to the Studio Movie Grill to support a fundraiser for the Carolina Theatre.  The featured film was "Night At The Opera" starring The Marx Brothers.I met my friends at the bar, where we enjoyed cheerful, engaging service.  I had a glass of Hayes Ranch Chardonnay (nice pour, by the way)!  Two of my friends had Woody and Wilcox beer, and another friend got the vodka special.When we went into the theatre, the server responded immediately to our request for service.  My friend and I got the $25.00 special, which was an appetizer and two entrees.  We got the cheese fries, which came with some kind of dipping sauce.  All of the cheese, which was reminiscent of food court nacho cheese, was at the bottom of the bowl.  My friend then had a chicken sandwich with sweet potato fries.  Although it was challenging to see in the dark, he feared that the chicken was underdone.  I got the thin crust margarita pizza.  If that was thin crust, the regular crusts must have been thick as concrete blocks.  The pizza also tasted like it was frozen, but not as good as Digiorno.  However, when I reheated  the leftovers the next day, it tasted better.  Perhaps the flavors needed to meld.I really didn't expect gourmet food at a movie theatre.  I think that it is really nice that we have a place to go where we can have more than popcorn and soda as we enjoy a show.  Thank you, Studio Movie Grill, for supporting this fundraiser.
2	Oh Studio Movie Grille. How I wanted to love you. So let me tell you a story about a magical place called EpiCentre Theaters. It opened in (I think) 2009 and changed everything. It was different from any other theater I'd ever heard of. Sure you could have food inside the movie, drinks even. But you purchased them unobtrusively at the bar and brought them in yourself. No waiters scampering about, no muss, no fuss. And even better - reserved seats! For someone who loves movies and opening nights/weekends, going to the movies can be kind of a nightmare. But not when you can buy your tickets a week in advance and guarantee your assigned seat. Boom. Peace of mind like nothing else. Ten pm opening of The Avengers the night before its official release? Done. Showed up five minutes before the movie to get my beverage and I was all set. No waiting in line for two hours, no battling crowds. And the SEATS. Like sofas in their plush glory. Oh, and no kids allowed in evening shows on weekends. Yep. So then it closed. And I was devastated. DEVASTATED. It was going to reopen under the Studio Movie Grille model. Hmm. I quickly researched what that was and my heart sank. It's one of those chains that tries to copy the Drafthouse and has wait staff inside the theater. Dammit. Ok, but maybe it's not that bad. MAYBE it'll work. Maybe they know something I don't...So last night was the opening of Captain America: Winter Soldier. I got my advance tickets and reserved my seats ages ago. Woo. This wasn't my first rodeo at SMG as I've been several times and I always hate it. I keep going back for the reserved seats (still a thing) and the location (my hubs and I both work uptown and live 10 mins away). It seems to me that it just doesn't HAVE to be this bad.We got there last night and grabbed drinks from the bar. The bar service is ok, though they never have one of the wines on the list that is actually one of my faves. Since it opened, they've had this wine exactly once. TAKE IT OFF THE LIST. We hung out in the lobby drinking our drinks, biding our time til we had to go into the theater and deal with the wait staff. It was the first Alive After Five event of the season so the Epicenter was a total nightmare (for low-key people like us) and I wouldn't have gone anywhere near it if it weren't for Cap and reserved seats. We eventually made our way in, got our seats and I decided to run to the bathroom before the movie started. I had to go to the fourth stall in before I could find a use-able stall. This is one of my biggest peeves with the place. The bathrooms are both falling apart/rundown and always dirty. It was nasty. We ordered some popcorn before the movie started and it actually came out pretty quickly. We've been burned by the service so many times I never know what to expect. My first time there, a drink took 40 minutes to arrive. After the movie started, there was the usual distracting murmur as people continued to order stuff and the waiters continued to use their iPhones to place the orders and ask questions, etc. It's REALLY distracting. (At least at Cinebarre, they have a whiteboard you write on when you need something and only talk if they really don't understand something. Also no iPhones.) Another customer in the theater was using HER iPhone as a flashlight to read the menu. Sigh. It's not just the wait staff I guess.This continued the whole movie, which is very typical. There are a few basic problems with the model. 1. It wasn't built with this intention. It was built as a normal movie theater. At Cinebarre and Drafthouse, the seating is set up with a step down in front of each row where the servers walk without blocking the screen. This is not the case here. Every waiter, every trip up/down the steps blocks the screen. 2. The servers are all completely inept. It's like it's everyone's first job. They don't understand the basics of either common sense OR service. They will nag you for the check, which they always bring during the important climax of the movie. If there's an issue with the check which you need to discuss after the movie, they'll argue about it also during the movie. Last night the waiter handed my husband the check across my face (which he didn't see because he was watching the movie), blocking the screen during an important scene. All in all, the only thing I go to this theater for is the convenience of my reserved seat. That's it. If they ever got rid of that, I'd probably never go back. It's the ONE thing nobody else does. There are other theaters that sell/serve alcohol. There are other theaters who serve non-popcorn food. But nobody else lets you reserve an assigned seat. And that is 100% all this theater has going for it.
4	My first experience was last night to see Captain America winter soldier. We saw a 7pm show and the experience was very good. Obviously if you want a regular movie experience with minimal distractions then you need to go to a regular theater. Waiters will be all over the place during the movie. If you are easily distracted it will bother you. Im not easily distracted and I really enjoyed the movie. The food was good for what I ordered. Coconut shrimp was very tasty snd my wife's order was good as well. Service was what I expected with countless orders being placed. Got my food in 30 mins after ordering. All in all a very good first experience especially for $5 tickets through Groupon
4	This was my first experience with a "dine-in" movie theater and it was pretty awesome. I wasn't aware they offered a full bar and pool tables or I would've dropped by even earlier to hang before my movie. The staff was extremely nice and informative, as I had to ask how things worked. The food was surprisingly delicious and the service was just as wonderful. My only complaint is that I had no idea where I was supposed to go upon entering. So, I did end up wandering around a bit, but in the end it all worked out. I'm honestly not sure why some people complain about the service. I think given the number of people they have to serve in such a short window, they did an incredible job. Like I said, everyone was very friendly and my service was prompt and accommodating. I'll be back again.
1	So I went for my anniversary. Movie started at 810 we wasnt able to go in til 810 (I arrived at 730) movies comin out soon was already rolling.so  we sit.  The couple behind us was coughing and  sneezing so I asked to sit somewhere else(which I was able to) so now im at the very top row. I order chicken nachos with just chicken and cheese,  coconut chicken and peperoni pizza. My drinks come out and then my nachos with everything on it(peppers, tomato, cheese n chicken) im allergic to tomatoes so I switch it to chips n salsa which is very tomatoe so im just eating chips then my pizza come out but with coconut shrimp which Im allergic to the point I cant even smell it...once I realized what it is now im itching and coughing so I tell the server(cuz he at the couple next 2 me) then he takes it pass me..so I go and finds a manager amd hes like o im sorry ill have a talk with my staff.. horrible so now on my anniversary im broke out like a blowfish n the face and itcy. .it will b awhile b4 I go back
4	The milk shake alcohol is amazing. Remember to try that. Other food is ok. Maybe eating in the dark can make your tongue more sensitive. But it is definitely a good experience. Strongly recommend!
1	After having countless positive experiences at the old Epicentre Theaters, I was saddened to see them close.  They offered a unique movie experience and I loved that you could take cocktails and food into the theater! It was always clean and the staff was always stylish and professional.  Upon my first visit to the new Studio Movie Grill and theater, I had high hopes that they would continue the trend I had become accustomed to.  Upon arrival, I quickly realized that they too offer a unique experience, but not in a good way!  The only positive thing I can find to say about it is that the ticket price was reasonable.  The cocktails were awful and took forever to get.  The popcorn was DISGUSTING! I mean, a movie theater should at least be able to get popcorn right! It was beyond distracting to have servers walking up and down the aisles the entire movie, often completely blocking the screen.  With people ordering and receiving food/drinks the whole time, it was incredibly noisy and hard to hear the actual movie.  My friends ordered the chicken nachos and when they finally came, the were completely cold and stale tasting. At the climax of the film, all of the servers were stumbling around dropping off and picking up everyone's checks which caused everyone to have the lights on their phones turned on to fill out their bills.  The staff all seemed nice, but it was almost like it was everyone's first job.  There wasn't any professionalism or poise.  After the movie ended, I noticed a line of people all complaining that their bills were wrong.  Even though the tickets were reasonable, after the ticket cost, popcorn, and 4 cocktails (between two of us, not just me)I spent over $70 for a COMPLETELY underwhelming movie going experience! All I can say is that under no circumstance can I imagine ever coming back. In the future I guess if I want a cocktail in a movie theater, I'll just stop at the abc store on the way ;)
2	It's a great concept and location - smack dab in the middle of uptown. They also validate your parking for up to 4 hours @ the Epicentre which is great, as parking there is usually expensive. However, I paid extra to reserve my seat online but people were sitting in our seats when we arrived. We had to awkwardly kick them out and feel like assholes - an no one wants to pay extra to have to do that. The food was very meh. Think over-priced, frozen/fried bar food. All very bland. We got some disgusting spinach dip, a chicken sandwich and chicken flat bread pizza. Supposed to be a 2 for $25 deal but somehow the bill was $50. They bring your check while the movie is still going on so we just bit the bullet and paid it. Have had stomach issues since eating there (3 days). If you go I would suggest sticking with beer and a safe bet like popcorn.
4	Groupon $5 movie tickets! Great deal. Just wish they had more times, chairs get booked quick
3	The overall experience at studio movie grill was enjoyable. Cool lounge and bar area before going in to see your movie. Drinks are priced reasonably, as are the food items. And the food was pretty tasty.  That being said... This is not a theater for true cinephiles... The contrast and picture quality were greatly degraded. The image seemed back washed and way too much white light drowned out the image.   Sound quality was O.K. It was a cool for a comedy movie ... And would perhaps be cool for dramas.  ...Anything other than Sci Fi, or any film where video quality is at the forefront of the presentation. I would not go to see a new blockbuster movie like Transformers or Maleficent here. I would have issues with the presentation. I enjoyed my night out at SMG, but purists be warned... Video quality is Not up to spec.
1	Went to this movie theater last night to watch Think Like A Man 2.  Not only was the movie mediocre but so was the service I received at the bar. The bartenders are extremely inattentive. When I first walked up to the bar, no one greeted me and I had to wait about 5 min and finally I spoke up and asked for service. TWICE. The second time I went back was because my drink was terrible. I got no apology, no one seemed like they wanted to help me until I spoke up and asked for some attention. The girl that had originally served me was to busy counting money and putting away glasses to even acknowledge me. Or so I thought, because someone she knew walked up and she got them a drink right away.  I am a person who believes in tipping well for great customer service and that bar is not worthy. They have no courtesy about their service and I will NEVER go back to this location.
1	I had such high hopes for SMG.  Thank god for $5 groupons.  So I picked my seat online and sat down before the movie started.  I didn't want any food just a beer.  So i ordered a Rebel IPA ( what no local oferrrings?) It took around 35-40 minutes before I said I can't wait any longer and pushed the button again.  Voila, i see my beer coming up the staircase. THe server hands it to me and says sorry.  Either my beer was left out due to them forgetting about me or they confused their cooler with an incubator.  Fortunately for me I don't mind warm beer.  No big woop.  I was a little parched so i slammed this bad boy.  Hesitantly i pushed the red button again.  This time the supervisor/manager came up.  He asked me what I would I like.  I pointed to the beer and put it in his tablet.  Then he asked if I am sure I ordered that beer. I stated yes.  Then he sat down next time shined a lite on me, then my beer.  Then me then my beer, before he stated that I must have switched seats. I explained I had not moved.  He continued to shine the light on me and have his table out.  The people next to me were getting quite pissed.  This went on for atleast 5 minutes which seemed like an eternity since i was destroying other people's viewing experience.  FInally he found out they gave me the first beer free for making me wait that long.  I could have really done without the accusation of "moving my chair" and the fact that he turned my seat into a spotlight.  The next beer came up quick.  Drank it, the movie finished, and I recieved my check.  Suprisingly the first beer was added back on!  I love the concept of this place.  Food, dinner movie, and being able to pick your seat online. Though until they get their shit together I will not be back.
4	I love the idea of combining dinner and a movie! The frozen hot chocolate was very good, and it was nice treat to enjoy during the movie. I probably would not eat my whole meal here, though, because you are eating in the dark and can't focus on the film. Neat concept with a very hip atmosphere, though.
1	Worst food I've EVER had!!! I've been here twice since the "new" company took over and as a bouncer who used to work here back when it was Mez, I can tell you, they have really screwed the pooch on this one. The first time I went must have been right after they opened and the pizza I got was ok. Pretty big size but not all that flavorful and too hard to eat. Little did I know that compared to the pizza they serve now it would seem like the best pizza in the world! I went about a month ago and got the "never ending" pizza and I swear the regular one was a crappy microwavable pizza smaller than my hand and so I then tried the thin crust and it was even worse!!! The dough was raw and as limp as a noodle. Service is horrendous!!! They screw up everything and don't seem to care at all. I think the server laughed when we asked for a refill of our popcorn because he couldn't believe that we called him all the way there just for that...lol. Very strange that they haven't looked on here and tried to fix anything. This place will not be open long. Why would you make horrible food that is messy at a PRIME SPOT in the busiest part of Charlotte???? Makes no sense! DO NOT GO HERE!!!!
2	My husband and I went here for our anniversary. I was expecting something great and fun and was disappointed. We had never been there before and according to the elevator we needed to go to the 3rd floor. after doing so, we had to walk through a small crowd of people that were at a bar right beside the theater. we get inside and were told that we have to go down stairs to get our tickets. The theater was not impressive at all. We did not order anything bis or special, just teas, chips and salsa, and 2 chicken tender meals and it took us approximately 30 minutes to get our drinks and chips and then about 3 minutes later out chicken tenders came out. No one came back to check on us the entire time. Even when the check was brought to us, the empty plates were not taken away until i asked someone walking by if they could take it. When we left, the crowd at the bar beside the theater was huge and we had to push our way through them. Needless to say, neither of us were impressed and I do not think that we will be returning!
5	Recently went to watch "Think Like A Man 2". Amazing place for a date for 2 or even a double. The food was awesome. I enjoyed!
3	I was really expecting more of a variety on the menu at SMG; as a vegetarian I rate a place based on, you guessed it, how many veggie options there are. There were not many so we chose the endless pizza. The pizza was okay. I will say the seats were extremely comfortable, and the wait staff was very friendly. The X-Men movie was pretty packed, but we were assisted in a timely manner and our orders were accurate.I like the fact that you can see which seats are available before purchasing your ticket; that way you know how full the movie is going to be. It was an enjoyable experience, and with $5 deals on Groupon, you really can't beat it. We'll go back definitely.
1	The old Epicentre Theatre was great. The way they have this set-up now is terrible. You wait in a line to get into the theatre and sometimes it's the wrong line. Nobody explains the process and the numerous staff members mulling around had no idea. When I tried to order spinach dip I was told it's not sold individually but they had a two dip special for $25 and even that was terrible and took way too long to get.Go during the week maybe it will be better or drive somewhere else.
5	Coming here is like watching a movie in the Big Screen at home without having to leave the couch. I love it. The servers are nice, the seats are comfy, and the food is actually great. Every day they have deals on drinks or food.
4	Okay...go for the comfy seats, the cool atmosphere, the cheap prices, maybe even the milkshakes. But do not go here if you want any kind of quality meal. Check out groupon often for $5 movie deals!
2	Ok, yes, it's novel.  To have food and drinks served to you in comfy chairs with your own desk.  But trust me, buy your tickets on Groupon for $5 to prevent any disappointment.The place obviously wants to make its money by movie-goers buying food and beverages  If you don't want to buy food or drinks there, don't go because they'll pester you until you do.   It is also clear they make money off the food because I'm pretty sure everything I have ever ordered here was frozen and was of McDonald's quality.  The profit margin is probably pretty high for such low quality food.The first time I went, I ordered a salad.  Ingredients were cheap and tasteless.  The second time I ordered the Coconut Chicken & Shrimp and was horribly let down by limp, mushy fries with no ketchup and the overcooked chicken and shrimp.If the waiters walking up and down the theater wasn't distracting enough, the sound was SO LOUD!  I actually plugged up my ears in the action sequences in Guardians of the Galaxy.  Really?  I will take my mom here just to show her what it's like but that will be the last time I go to SMG.
5	I went to see Dragon Ball Z Battle of The Gods. I think this is a VERY nice concept. Initially I was concerned about volume since the servers would be taking orders and bringing food throughout the movie but it wasn't even noticeable. My friend and I ordered popcorn, pizza, cheese fries and a drink. Wasn't the best food ever but I was happy to drink a Long Island and watch a movie. Popcorn was your regular movie popcorn so it was awesome. I'm going tonight and will try something else.
4	Go to the bar, have a drink. Shoot a little pool, have a drink. Walk into the theater, have a drink. Sit down...eat, drink, and watch a movie.Doesn't get much better!!
3	So good and so bad at the same time.THE GOOD:You can reserve your exact seats in advance. I love this because i hate having to worry that I won't get good seats and having to show up early to make sure I get them.You can order drinks or food right at your seat. I think this is both good and bad, actually because I was on a diet and could not eat anything - but I had to smell not just popcorn but now hamburgers, wings, fries etc. Not the best experience when you are trying not to eat unhealthy stuff or when you just don't feel like smelling food.The seats are very comfortable and larger than regular seats.THE BAD:This theater has seen better days - the shine and polish are gone.Having servers moving around during the movie is a little distracting. I am a movie fanatic and I hate anything disrupting my state of suspended disbelief.Unless you are going to the EpiCentre for something else or walking there (which I did) parking is a little bit of a pain.
2	Didn't have high hopes for the food or service so I wasn't too disappointed. As a movie theatre, the seats are comfy and there is plenty of room. As a restaurant, the food is subpar and the service was questionable. I do admit I was pleasantly surprised with the prices. I purchased a groupon so my ticket was only 5 bucks, plus a $10 pizza. The pizza was pretty bad, but again, low expectations.Makes sure you bring your parking ticket to get validated!! I forgot and was out $10. Bummer.
3	d-i-r-t-y.   and dark.  they run hand in hand. seriously.  great concept and all, but bring your own lysol, purel, and vacuum if possible. service was pretty quick.
2	I have had the opportunity to experience great dining/movie watching at other facilities...With that said, I found Studio Movie Grill to have a confusing layout, unprofessional staff (friendly, but having phones out texting and talking with each other versus greeting guests) and DIRTY.The menu was fine, typical fried foods, overall tasteless... but it was nearly impossible to eat at the awkward trays.  Service was alright.. they took our order and delivered... we had our check about halfway through the movie (they collected everyone's at once though... I did have concern that something would get mixed up, but it didn't). If I ever went again, I would just bring cash so that I didn't have to worry about my card. (This was all very distracting from the movie.)Overall, if you're using a groupon - it's fine. Otherwise, just watch a movie the old fashioned way and go to dinner after.
4	The movie theater was spacious and the screen was big.  There's a bar inside which provided you with a variety of basic drafts and cocktails.  Compared to a lot of the other studio movie grills they have a lounge area which kind of gives you a club atmosphere.  The seats were comfortable and you get to choose tour seats before you purchase your ticket which is a plus! My boyfriend and I went on a Friday night to watch Fury and this movie had a lot of action going on but during those quiet scenes you can definitely hear the clubs around the corner since their music was blasting.  I would seriously suggest watching a movie during the day instead of the evening unless you don't mine hearing club music during your theater experience. My only reason for a four star besides the walls being thin is because the waitor lost my boyfriend's debit card.  This is like every person's nightmare! I know it's an honest mistake but they really need to be more careful.  We were understanding and were upset but the manager and the crew working took full responsibility.  For them to continue looking and taking action to make sure they didn't misplace it meant a lot to us.  They continued to look in every station and up and down all the rows in our movie theater which gave us a little peace of mind that they did care about our service.  Overall I would recommend this place for anyone who wants a dinner and a movie but I suggest you bring cash only of you're going to order some grub.
4	Best theater in town. Great food and the only place you can eat dinner and have a cocktail at a new release in HD
1	The bartender at Studio Movie Grill at uptown Charlotte in the Epicenter informed me that she cannot accept state ids except nc state id, I'm from Oakland and my freidn is from New York, we both are in our thirties and have been served everywhere else but Studio Movie Grill.....I was shocked that I was being refused service in 2014 since I've been to North Carolina before, my friend moved here six months ago and never heard this obscure law but we walked away upset and went into the movie as it was starting.....a few minutes later the manager-Johnathan Papkin showed us a print out of the law dismissed us in a very condescending way, we disagreed with what he was saying about that they can refuse us service and he left the paper on our table and we threw it down, we didn't yell at him because we were trying to watch the movie we payed for....that was enough for him to call security, stop the movie, and escorted us out like we were criminals; the security then called the police because we at firts demanded a refund....I spoke to his manager Barrett Covin and he defended this fpoul treatment and tried to blame  us for 37 movie passes he gave to the crowd for the unnecesary disturbance they created....-Do not go there!
4	I've been here twice with a Groupon which is a GREAT deal! Also they validate parking for 4hrs. I have 0 complaints. The chicken fingers are super yummy and the seats are comfortable.
5	First the good stuff: the chairs are insanely comfortable and roomy! I've never noticed issues with outside noise (never gone on a weekend though), bad picture quality or bad speakers. For you guys complaining about the price... Check groupon! They almost ALWAYS have $5 groupons. They also validate parking in the epicenter. Of course the food is a bit over-priced but it's nothing insane. The place always seems clean to me and smells like a vanilla explosion. The bad: I'm not a picky eater at all...but I've had some pretty awful food here. The ranch is like water and once we got chips and salsa and I sincerely think they gave us straight tomato paste as salsa. We had a group of 3 guys and no one would eat it. I've tried the burgers twice and it tasted like a microwaved bubba burger. Now I stick with the coconut chicken tenders and they'll edible. Nothing great and mostly breading but better. Alcohol: I've had some pretty decent drinks here. On Margarita Monday's they're only $5. The drinks have pretty average prices for Uptown Charlotte. Regardless of food, the 5 star rating is because the theater is nice, centrally located for me, I like the drinks and the $5 tickets are a great value.
4	We didn't have any complaints. My wife had a sangria and ceviche. The sangria was ok, the ceviche was good. I just had a regular long island ice tea, which was pretty good. Loved the service, the comfortable chairs were very spacious. I really liked the food service at your seat concept. The screen was nice and the sound quality was nice. The menu had a good variety of food and drinks especially considering what a movie theater usually has on its menu. The prices in our opinion were very reasonable. Finished off the afternoon with 2 rounds of pool at only a dollar a game. There were plenty of conversation areas with comfortable seating. There is also a full size bar and an upstairs area. The bathrooms were nice and clean. If you parked in the parking garage remember to get your ticket validated up to 4 hours is free.
3	The movie theatre is nice because you can reserve your seats so you don't have to worry about where you are sitting. I have been here now 4 times and I keep coming back solely because of the above comment. However, the service of food when sitting in the movie is awful. I have not received food twice when all others around have. I have had the wrong orders multiple times. They advertise on the menu for spiked cherry limeade but every time I order they are always "out" of the black cherry vodka. The last excuse was the distributor, which I find odd seeing how other places can get it easily. I think it is poor on the ordering side of the place. Given the multiple times of bad service every time I have come, the manager is quick to help solve the problem by apologizing, refunding and/or giving replacement movie tickets. The staff is always friendly, but they need to get their act together!
5	Fun afternoon on this rainy gloomy Sunday! Note to self - if seeing a blockbuster new release like Mockingjay, reserve seats in advance! Luckily, Interstellar was also playing, so we relaxed for an hour with some drinks and an app while waiting for its start time! (Oh SMG turn the volume down in theater 4! It was unbearably loud and actually vibrated the room! I ended up putting in earplugs that I happened to have in my purse!)We shared the duo dips/chips. We thought we were just getting spinach dip and salsa, but our order came out with those two plus queso. The queso and spinach dip were very good. The salsa was not flavorful, although it looked liked roasted tomato salsa. My husband thought it tasted like canned tomatoes.Once we were seated in the theater,  we decided we'd just share an entree. The grilled mahi tacos were excellent, although messy! They need to bring silverware and extra napkins!  The blackened seasoning on the mahi was perfect (and I'm picky with blackened foods) and not too overpowering! It complimented the cabbage-mango slaw wonderfully! The fries weren't a fitting side to tacos, but were excellent as well!Since it was a Sunday special, I ordered the SMG cab for only $5. Great wine for the money!!!
3	Great Movie Theater, Terrible everything else.We heard the service was poor so we ate before we came.  As far as the movie theater, the seats and table placing are good and the sound and picture was awesome.  If I was just paying to go see a movie this would get five stars.However, from the time we pushed our request for service button it took over 10 minutes for someone to see us and another 25 minutes to actually get the drinks.  The drinks themselves were terrible.  We ordered a margarita and a Caribbean Hurricane. Don't sit near the aisle because the servers use the aisles throughout the entire movie and can be distracting at times.
4	The food was pretty good and the service was decent,  would definitely recommend to others
1	If zero stars was an option, I would have given them that.  Actually.... The staff was friendly so they get 1 star for that. Please read on as I may save you from making the $150 mistake I made.  That's right, $150.  Our tickets were $35 (me, wife, my 16 yr old student, and my 10 yr old).  Food was around  $115 with tip.  Like so many other reviewers, I say this concept is a great idea and would live up to expectations with better management of the operation.  But let's not bore you too quickly.  Here are the bullets.- the food is simply horrible.  My niece could make better pizza in her EZ Bake oven!  - some of the food was delivered cold - the pizza and the chicken nachos.  But, who dares to complain when your food is being served in almost complete darkness.  So, I wrote a note on the bill when I paid.- the "theater popcorn" was mostly kernels.  I really wanted to take a picture as it was quite amusing to see how many unpopped kernels there were.  Almost like it was a joke.- the gluten free crust was cardboard I think.  Other reviewers have also complained about the regular crust. - the seats we reserved online were incorrectly described.  We selected 2 seats with one long table with recliners on each side that had their own table. What we got were 4 recliners with individual tables.- bucket of beers (5) was $20 and were proper temp.  Best part of the food/drink experienceMy suggestion for the readers if you have not gone...1. Parking is a breeze and free. Remember to bring your ticket to get validated at SMG.2.  Do not order the food!3. In case you missed #2, DO NOT ORDER THE FOOD!4. Eat before hand at one of the many restaurants in the Epicentre and let SMG pick up your parking as a part of the movie (they give you 4 hours). 5. Pick your seats online - it's worth the extra $1.50 per seat in my opinion.6. Forget everything I said here... Go out to eat at one of your preferred restaurants and then go to Ayrseley Cinemas.  Much better use of your money and a fantastic place to see a movie.
1	The movies are a typical price and the seating is nice, but do not go there for food. For the price you pay, you are better off visiting any other restaurant in Epicentre. It's funny, the opening video roll talks about how the quality of food is superior and makes you excited you may have a great meal. We ordered a 2 for $25 deal which seems like a good deal until you get the food. The 1/2 order of chicken nachos may not have even had chicken. We couldn't find it! It was just chips and lettuce. I'd hate to see a full order after knowing the 1/2 order size. I ordered the chicken fajita quesadilla which was okay, but not very warm. My boyfriend reported he's had better burgers at Wendy's and his fries were cold. I noticed that people who ordered after us received their food before us. The staff replaced the fries no problem, and they were hot, except they charged me for a side of fries at the end of the movie. When I explained, they took it off no problem. The staff was really nice and they did a great job. Just stinks they have to serve terrible food!That being said, I would probably go back for another movie if I had a Groupon to buy again, but stick with a soda and popcorn. For as rare as I go to the movies, I would most likely go to a regular movie theater next time.
2	Meh... That's about how I felt leaving SMG the other night. They were offering a Groupon for a $5 movie ($3 surcharge for 3D glasses). That was enough to get us in the doors. There aren't that many showtimes offered. The screen was really small and the lighting from the stairs really threw off the movie viewing experience. I appreciate that they do the reserved seating thing but it was difficult to get four seats together without splitting rows. We ended up in the back row. The service was noticeably slow. The waitress had a habit of just standing in the rows blocking the screen. That got really annoying... A few notes: The ticket counter is on the 2nd floor. Stop there first before heading up to the theaters. Don't forget your parking ticket, they validate. SMG is definitely not my first choice but I would return in a pinch.
2	Usually we love it here but tonight we are very disappointed. We ordered pizza and popcorn before the movie even started, we asked twice if it was coming out and we were told that they were very busy. I can understand that but how hard is it to make popcorn? We finally got the pizza with about thirty minutes left of the movie. We never received the popcorn, yet it was still on our bill and we had to ask to have it removed. Overall we were really disappointed and will probably think twice before heading here again.
3	Loved the in-theater dining. The coconut chicken tenders and sweet potato fries were great! Seats were very comfortable. However the bar sucked. Only two bartenders on a very busy night made service extremely slow, and their drink selection was mediocre.  Something as simple as a strawberry daiquiri was unavailable. Terrible!
3	Watching Unbroken. Theater is really big, lots of seating. Ordering food is convenient but very pricey. Wednesday's and Sundays have unlimited pizza for $10 which is a good deal.
