5	Ok, so Phoenix has no great Chicago pizza, no good Chicago hot dogs and I haven't found a place that has an even passable Chicago beef, but it does have one thing Chicago doesn't-  In N Out.  The one I was at is in Tempe, but I'm too lazy to add it.   They're all over the place, I'm sure you've seen them.
2	Not horrific , not the transcendental experience I expected based on their press , the fries were dry and floury in texture and the burger looked like it came out of a frozen pack although it was tasty.
5	Secret menu items!?!?!  Drat.  I'm always the last to know.  We didn't have Ian's secret, but that was still a damn good burger.  I had a cheeseburger single with the thousand island dressing.  I was skeptical, but was in love at first bite.  And the fries, fresh cut.  Oh mama.  If you find yourself anywhere in AZ or CA you definitely want to find one of these.  Now only if I could get them to come East...
5	http://www.in-n-out.com/secretmenu.asphttp://www.badmouth.net/in-n-outs-secret-menu/Double Double Animal Style.It is worth the trip cross country.  Well maybe not, but I do enjoy them while I am visiting.  I cannot get enough of them.If you are really hungry: http://www.texasburgerguy.com/2005/01/16-x-tra-patties-and-x-tra-cheeses.htmlThe private stalled restrooms are always spotless and stocked.  4 Flushes.
4	Note: My rating assumes that you are a beef-loving carnivore - steer clear otherwise.Having never lived in a state in which In-N-Out operates, I always take the chance to visit whenever fate reasonably regularly leads me to Arizona or California.Bible verses printed on their serving paper materials (which are thankfully unobtrusive) aside, I am all for this place. They pay their workers better than other fast food places and make everything fresh, and granted my experience is limited, but even though it may take a while to get my order, I've never had communication difficulties or an actually unpleasant cashier and I'm sure there's a correlation there somewhere.The fries are shoestring style and salty; if you like heartier fries, stay away. The burgers are great with grilled onions (found in the "Animal Style" but can be requested otherwise.) A word of warning that may not be stated clearly by In-N-Out's disciples - the burgers are thin, which puts off my parents who grew up on and strongly prefer half-pound burgers, but even they can appreciate the sub-$1 coffee.That said, choices are pretty limited if you're vegetarian or don't eat beef, and the menu is very small. They do what they do very well, but it's not for everyone.
4	Fast food burger the way it's meant to taste.  Fresh beef and lettuce and non-frozen potato fries with a super thick vanilla shake to fill out any remaining empty spots in my stomach.   And as a frosting on an already yummy cake, it's open till late too.
4	Great Burgers and fries.... Great. I had a double double.... But did it beat shake shack in comparison of burgers alone? IDK. Maybe as a whole IN and Out is the winner but I just dont know if this is the king of all burger shops as many claim... I have been to Alot of different Burger places and eaten alot of burgers (shake shack NYC, IN AND OUT, Fatburger) Most of the big names have gone into and out of my belly... ANd I can honestly say In and OUt is good... Real Good... The Best ???? Idk.
2	I really don't understand what the big deal is about this place. The burgers are decent for a fast food restaurant, but nothing to write home about. Perhaps In-N-Out Burger is better in other states or something. To me it was a step up from McDonald's and a step down from 5 & Diner.
3	It's a good burger. They're open late. It's cheap.I've had In-N-Out a few times and it's never been the religious experience other people seem to have at this place. I just don't know what I'm missing. I love a good burger...trust me on that one. In-N-Out has just never floored me the way it does some people. So, once again, in conclusion:It's a good burger. They're open late. It's cheap.
5	Best "cheap burger lunch" on the planet. Fries are made fresh cut in house. I have never eaten a bad lunch here for the last 8 years! Scottsdale also has an in and out on Frank Lloyd Wright. Expect long lines in the drive through with 20 min wait if you get there at noon. Seating can also be limited because of the demand.
5	I have been to many of the In and Out Burgers in the valley, so this review isn't about this particular location.  Having been to so many I can't help but be impressed by the superior service received at every visit.  We are always greeted by a friendly cashier.  Service is quick, staff are fast to wipe tables and make sure the floors are clean.  If the drive-thru line is getting long then they send someone out to your car to take your order to help the process go a little more quickly.  And last, but not least, the food is always great!  Great burgers with fresh veggies that are always awesome!   I love In and Out and the fact that I can always count on a great experience!
4	Last weekend I went to In-N-Out burger. I have heard rumors that this local burger joint was delightful. My team and I walked into it with high expectations. While I was standing in line, I took great observation of my surroundings. I noticed a few details that I wasn't very fond of. First of all, the menu only had three burgers that you could order. Altogether the menu only contained a total of around 10 items. I looked thoroughly at the menu and chose my order. I ordered the Double-Double with a vanilla milkshake. Since my whole soccer team of 18 people ordered, it took a long time to get our food. While I was waiting for my food my friends were telling me about how great the food was. When I got my order, it looked like any other burger. When I sat down and took my first bite, it tingled my taste buds and definitely lived up to the hype.
3	This is my first visit to an In-n-Out Burger & it was a bit unique for a fast food joint. Quite nice on the inside with a VERY limited menu. We had the Double Double Cheeseburgers which were good (i.e., better than McDonald's, Burger King, Wendy's, etc.) but not as good as Five Guys or Carl's Jr. The fries were nice and fresh & unsalted.A fun place to visit, but only occasionally.
5	I introduced my friend to the wonders of In-N-Out today and felt the need to Yelp about it.  Their hamburgers are works of art.  Would I love some more toppings like bacon or guacamole or fried onions?  Maybe, but there is so much taste happening in the simplicity of the In-N-Out Double Double.  The best part is you can wolf down a burger and fries and not feel like you just swallowed a rock, the feeling exhibited when you go to almost any other burger fast food joint.And always, ask for it Animal Style.
5	Same good quality, same great taste, same great service.... oh how I love you!
5	No trip of mine to Phoenix is complete without at least one stop to an In-N-Out!This location is in the Desert Ridge shopping complex and it's close to the JW Marriott Desert Ridge.  Easy to find parking and it's not as busy as the other In-N-Out location that I went to near the airport.There's not much else to say that hasn't been said... honestly, it's my favorite fast food burger and a place that I seek out when I come to one of the 4 states with an In-N-Out.  Love the quality ingredients, the crisp lettuce and the toasted bun.  Best cheeseburger and fries meal for only $5 :)
4	Good consistent quality. Simple business model. They only sell three different burgers and they do it very well.
5	No thanks to Facebook and Twitter where people in the East Coast hear about In-N-Out on a regular basis.Imagine my surprise that I discovered an In-N-Out in Phoenix when I thought they were only in California.Man, I have to say that their simple burgers are among the best that I've had!  Freshness does make a whole world of differences.
4	Just tried this place a few months back.... had no clue you could order the burgers different ways.  Now... I'm good to go! LOL  Give them a try if you haven't been... the fires are cut fresh... the staff are friendly... it's a good burger... of course... animal style! Hatch
2	Pretty indifferent about InO.  Not the worst, not the best. I never plan going, its more of a spontaneous "I am hungry and they're the first I see that are convenient to turn into"
3	Amazingly, you can actually get a veggie burger here - just order a "grilled cheese" with whatever toppings you want on it.  Otherwise, I was just along for the ride with some coworkers when we arrived a little early for our conference and were looking for a place to eat.
4	My Husband Loves In- N-Out Burgers, I like them, but not my favorite, until I found out about their special ordered Animal Burger, and found out today, that they have yellow Hot Peppers, I had asked them years ago, if they had jalepeno's, and was told no, and wasn't told that they had yellow peppers, Wow !!!  What a difference the peppers make on my burgers, now I like it just as much as my Husband !!!
5	Good, cheap, burgers. Fries are/not very greasy, service is excellent, even when busy. Ask for fresh fries. !!!
3	Delicious burgers but why don't they indicate on the menu what you can get on them?I don't like guessing what kind of toppings are available.  What in the heck is fried mustard? Guy in front of me asked for it.  Anyway, solid burgers but terrible chocolate shake. The vanilla was much better. Friendly service. Place is clean.
4	Great burgers. Get the fries "crispy style".
4	Two words for ya! ANIMAL STYLE. The menu here is very simple. It hasn't changed since it opened in the early 1900's. Nothing but burgers, fries and shakes made from the freshest ingredients! My meal of choice: Double Double, Animal Style with fries and a Lemon-Up (or root beer). This burger joint is NOT a franchise, it's family owned, so you are getting way better customer service and quality food than you'll find at McD's or BK! There's nothing gourmet about an In-n-Out burger, they are just so damn tasty! Only downside is that they're only on the west coast! Sorry East coast!
4	Two words: Doggy, I mean ANIMAL STYLE. (Excuse my adult context, please keep children away from this review.)Anyways, once you go black, I MEAN A-style, there's just no going back, period. ;-OThis is the best upgrade you could possibly do to a burger especially here! Can't believe it took me this long to discover their "secret." The components of ANIMAL STYLE is simple yet genius:+ In-N-Out's thousand island spread (combined with...)+ Caramelized, chopped onions (star of the show)+ Cheese (if not a cheeseburger already)Voila! Now take it down like the Animal you are! Cuz you're rough like that. ;-) It's a little messy but very manageable as you chomp your way through.Wait, there's more! If you like a little kick, say: "chopped chili's" Bam son! You got yourself some heat with that A-style.  Level 2 Complete.  Optionally, you can have a whole, uncut Chili Pepper on the side.Its just not the burger you can apply the A-style to, yes, your fries can get the same treatment.  Unless you like it all sloppy and want to eat it with a fork, I would keep your fries untainted.  Well, there you have it, I hope I was informative and inspiring that you will now go try this "Animal Style" at an In-N-Out near you!
3	In a pinch, this is ok I guess.  I don't know what all the fuss is about.  I don't really eat burgers at fast food places so maybe that is why I don't think this are anything special.  I had my little girl with me and we were at Desert Ridge and it was dinner time.  This place is so busy.  We got a burger each and a small strawberry shake.  I didn't like the shake at all.  I prefer the one from the chicken place.  I saw that they can wrap your burger in lettuce, so that is a plus if you don't want the carbs.
5	LOVE this place -- they do an amazing job. Ate here twice last weekend. Saw on the web that they have a new "secret menu" out, but I just ordered my standard #1.
2	YES, I appreciate the undying love and dedication to In-N-Out Burger.  I just don't get it.  To me, the burger tasted like a somewhat better "Big Mac."
3	Not a huge fan, but works in a pinch. Grilled onions ALWAYS! I think I prefer Culvers butter burgers over IN N Out.
3	I've tried this burger and fries plenty of times. Still not that exciting... Burger is good but you can have the fries. Service is always friendly.
4	Give me a Double Double with Extra Extra Extra Extra EXTRA grilled onions and I'm happy camper. Their burgers are always freshly made to order and tasty. Despite some people who hate their fries I like them more and more each time. Again made fresh from fresh sliced potatoes.I don't know where they get their tomatoes from but I've loved them ever since I was kid a really helped me get over my dislike of tomatoes.Didn't I mention that their milkshakes are killer too???? I really don't know what I'd do if I lived somewhere where they didn't have In N' Out Burger. Guess I'll be west coaster for life.
4	Wowza. This is the best burger fast food place I've ever been to, honestly. The rating I've gave is based on the FRESHNESS of the burger (the veggies were amazing, and the bun was whole wheat! Yay!) and the FRIENDLINESS of the staff. I loved it all! My only complaint was that the burger was a bit too thin for my taste, but that's probably just me. Overall I was really surprised when I came here, and of course, it was my first time here, having grown up on the east coast. I'll be back here, yummm!
5	In n Out has never disappointed me (after I found out about "fries well done" that is...). For those who just don't understand the hype, it's very simple. Fresh, high quality ingredients. Doesn't taste frozen because it isn't (even the buns, cheese and veggies taste much better than other cheap eating options). The service is outstanding, probably because they pay more than other fast food joints. Now, I will say that the food is very good taken home or back to the office, but to truly experience it's greatness, it should be eaten immediately at the restaurant or in your car in the parking lot (so the toasted bun and everything else is crisp vs. soggy). It really makes a huge difference!
3	Not really a fan of fast food but I like their fries and milkshakes. Also love that they are open late. I come here when Five Guys is closed. Lines are usually long but they move fast. Service is nice. I've never had them mess up on my order.
4	This was everything I ever imagined it would be and more.  Being from the east coast, In-N-Out was always simply an unfulfilled dream, so when we booked our trip to Phoenix, we were beyond excited that there was a location mere seconds away from our resort.   We hadn't even unpacked our bags when we ventured on over, and we are so glad we did!This particular location has amazing staff and service!   Everyone was kind, knowledgeable, and fun.  Our food was obviously great.  You truly cannot go wrong.  I'm not a fan of fast food whatsoever, but I have made an exception for In-N-Out, and would do so again in a heartbeat.  In fact, I did - two more times while in Phoenix!
5	Every location of In-n-Out Burger I've ever visited in AZ and CA has been the same: shockingly efficient, Stepford-like teenagers politely fulfilling my desires for meat and potatoes. The food is also always good. The burgers seem like they are actually made of meat instead of mystery fillers. The fries are crispy but not in an unnatural way. Make sure you are aware of the not-so-secret menu. I usually get a burger protein-style, animal-style, with mustard instead of spread. They get it right every time. Just went there yesterday with out of town family guests and they love the place, too. It is a priority whenever they visit. The location at Desert Ridge can get kind of busy, but they always get you through the drive-through line surprisingly quickly. I opt for drive-through when the place is busy, as it seems faster than when you order inside. Plus I am not a fan of smelling the ketchup-permeated air that fills the restaurant. Americans. We love our freaking ketchup.
5	This fast food place is as good as it gets and it is the place to go for a delicious burger and fries.
2	The food is great when they do it right but otherwise my orders are mostly wrong. I get cold buns and burnt patties and when I ask for ketchup they forget most of the time. I would recommend another in n out.
5	Cheeseburger Animal Style... Unreal!!
5	Didn't think there was too much to say about a fast food restaurant but recently after I left the drive thru I realized they fave me the wrong drink. When I called the # on my receipt, it went to a call center   and she wanted to send me a certificate for free burger, fries and a drink for my inconvenience. Then a week later, I actually got a call to make sure I got my certificate! Now that's great customer service!
5	I've always been a fan of this place. Quality food, Love it!
5	On the way to an afternoon conference with a coworker, we decided to make a convenient turn into the parking lot of In-N-Out to grab a quick bite (he had never had In-N-Out and I couldn't let him leave without trying it). We each got our burgers (animal style) and fries, sat down, and devoured everything. I'm not a fast food kinda gal, and I never order burgers anywhere- unless they are known for them- these burgers are some of the best! Everything is homemade here, down the the hand cut fries, so don't expect to get your food before the blink of an eye (like you might at the golden arches). Learn from others and order the burger animal style (grilled onions, special spread, etc.) or protein style (lettuce instead of a bun)!
4	love this place. burgers are awesome. fries are somewhat greasy which is somewhat gross but ill still eat them. love how they have a secret menu and every time i order something off the secret menu the employees know what im talking about and dont look at me like i just made something stupid up. could be bigger inside and have more seating. the fries come with a good amount of salt on them so adding more salt probably isnt a good idea. like how when it gets busy an employee comes out to each car in the drive through line waiting and takes your order. place can get crowded during lunch and dinner time so come early or later for lunch if you dont want to wait forever for your meal. like how in the drive through area you can see inside the building and watch the employees make the food.
5	These burgers are fantastic - made fresh, good ingredients and very tasty.Their prices are very reasonable too.Fries are hand cut and very good too.Would eat here more often if it was closer to home.Favorite place for a simple burger lunch.
5	What can i say about this place that you don't already know about? It's always clean, always busy because our entire neighborhood comes here everyday. And maybe the most impressive thing about this place besides the food and the customer service is that i haven't seen one person a day over 21 running the place
5	I don't know what it is we East Coast-ers did, exactly, but it must have been pretty bad for us to miss out on a burger joint like In-N-Out!I blew into Scottsdale with my mother recently, and she insisted that the first thing in my mouth absolutely HAD to be an In-N-Out burger.She wasn't wrong.I'm a little sad, thinking that I'll have to say goodbye to such fresh, glorious burgers when I head back to Atlanta for school.The Big Mac WISHES it could be a Double Double. The fries aren't that great--then again, I haven't tried Animal Style yet--but the burgers are more than meat enough for me. ;3
3	I used to love this location and now I don't really like it. The inside is nice and clean and the employees are nice but there could be more seating since it usually is always busy. The lines inside and through the drive through are usually long so be prepared to wait. They never used to mess up orders and now all the sudden they messed up a order of mine (Which I don't know how they did since it's common sense.) I went through the drive through and ordered a protein style hamburger (hamburger wrapped in lettuce instead of on bread) and they gave me a hamburger after I had left. I was mad but I was just going to eat the hamburger and not the bread. Well, when I get home my so called "protein style" hamburger was only lettuce and tomatoes on a bun..... There so called "trained" employees obviously don't know what a protein style hamburger is! When I had clearly asked for a hamburger in lettuce! Seriously he person that made my meal was a total idiot! Really in n out? Really? I was really mad since I payed for it and it wasn't even what I wanted so I ended up throwing my whole meal away.
3	Cruised though the drive-thru on our way to see a movie at the nearby Desert Ridge AMC theater. Typically In-N-Out is quick, delicious, and way better than McD's. Sadly, this was not one of those nights. We ordered three burgers, three drinks, and an order of fries for the three of us and requested the orders be placed in separate bags so we could take (smuggle) the food into the movie theater (we were pressed for time and starving, okay?!). The order took longer than usual to pick up at the window and when I asked which was the burger with ketchup and mustard (instead of the "special sauce") the server just stared at me blankly and said I should be able to tell. Right, but I was hoping to figure it out before biting into my friend's burger! Thankfully I don't have a food allergy so it wasn't a big deal, but still kinda annoying that our burgers got swapped and we couldn't figure out which was which. I think I'll stick with my usual In-N-Out in Tempe, thank you!
4	I love this place! Whenever I catch a movie here with my friends, this is the place we hang out afterwards. I love the crispness of the burgers and you can tell that everything is fresh. This is the greatest hang out spot to chill at.
5	Its a great place to grab fast food! Definitely more tastier then Barf Donalds! I always get protein style burger with no cheese, its for the carb conscious, diet people like me..LOL This spot is fast and very friendly.
4	This is an interesting little place. My friend decided to go here during my visit to the area. This was really surprising as I fancy them as a fitness and health person. it was pretty busy. I would have never imagined them going here. You order your burger and fries and wait until it is cooked. It is not sitting in a bin somewhere for an hour. I ordered the double because I thought the burgers were smaller.  The burger was really good and the fries were also fresh cut. Of course I did not finish it off as I was full after the first burger and some fries. If you are up for a fast meal with more freshness than some other joints than check it out.
4	Delicious! Simple is better...who would've thunk!  Love these burgers.
2	I dont know why oh why I keep returning to the scene of the crime!?  I am constantly disappointed with the food quality.  The fries are always over cooked, toasted, hard and inedible at this location. Why only THIS ino ??  the burgers are sloppy and not stacked correctly.  I'd rather just go to Five Guys right across the street.  ugh.
4	Awesome burgers and fries. Super friendly service, and a clean eating establishment. Did I mention the burger's are awesome? Fries are super tasty as well. In my grand rating of Burger joints I've visited... In-N-Out is greater than Five Guys is greater than Steak and Shake is greater than Shake Shack.
4	It's a good place for a burger but I do feel their are better places. Don't get me wrong, I like the food but it's not in my top 5. The burgers are good but the fries are always like warm. The place is always spotless which is important to me. It says they care about quality but could use better fries. I'm from Texas and WHATABURGER is really better
4	Love the food, especially the fries where it's peeled and cut daily, never frozen potatoes.  Everything is so perfect here and up to you on what you want and don't want on your burgers.  It gets super busy lunch and dinner time, so be ready to wait up to 10 minutes for your food after you order.  Must try!
5	I gotta say this is my favorite in N out location. I come here often maybe once a week. Great customer service,  this place tends to get busy but their still very nice and fast.  My fries are always perfect never overdone like at other locations, it's very clean. And They always acknowledge my daughter and bring her stickers which she loves.
4	Passed this place as it was closed to our hotel and there was often a queue outside. Visited them on a quiet early afternoon for lunch. Ended up for a revisit a few days later - it's worth a few minutes queuing. And there's a designated and quicker/shorter queue for cold stuff like their delicious shakes
5	We spent four days in AZ and this was a must do on our list. First saw this place on a popular travel show and knew we wanted to eat here. Traveled with my wife and another couple. Went there a few times but thought the line up was too long and decided to come back later. Don't let the line scare you, it moves very fast as we discovered when we finally got in it. I had the shackburger, fries and vanilla In-N-Out Burger . The fries are good, but next time I will be going for two burgers instead, the are awesome.
