4	Good sushi.  Small place north of FLW.  I would go there more often, problem is I forget it's there...
4	Good Sushi in a bar atmosphere. Seemed like a great place to hang out, but it's pretty small. Sushi in AZ? Yeah, and they do a good job, too! check it swim...
4	I had my doubts. I mean...I live in San Francisco home of THE best sushi. The sushi is great. The rolls are creative and the bartender as well as the sushi chefs really take care of the customers very well. I had a great time here with other business travelers watching the basketball game. We all agreed that the ambiance and the food is very palate-able here. I will definitely come back when I am in Scottsdale. Fun atmosphere and great times are found here.
3	The sushi was OK here - the rolls and especially the very non-traditional ones seemed to be the best.  I think the quality of the fish isn't super fresh, but the rolls make up for that with the extra ingredients.  I had like the cowgirl or something that was pretty good and spicy - perhaps that masked the fish more?Either way, the drinks were good, although we were drinking a bit much - then again it was Cinco de Mayo.
4	I've only eaten here once. Not because I hated it but because I always forget it's there! This is actually the place where my boyfriend and I had our one month anniversary AWW and where he first tried sushi. The sushi was good, but the prices were a little high. The atmosphere has a upper class bar feel, but it's also felt intimate. If RA is to much for you than you would probably prefer the environment here, but personally the prices and fish are better at RA.
4	Sushi Brokers is a staple in my portfolio.  They have a great happy hour with discounts on select sushi and beverages, and it can accommodate many different sizes of groups.  This fallback place is great for unwinding with co-workers, meeting up with friends or even getting a bite to eat on a Friday night date.  The "oh I love this song!" music alone can help to perk me up and start out a night the right way!The sushi is very good -- may not be the best I have ever had but it definitely hits the spot and the fun, lowkey-but-energetic atmosphere is what keeps me coming back over and over.  One caution, the martinis tend to be a bit heavy on the juice and light on the vodka, so go with beer/wine if you're like me and can't handle the fruity drinks.
2	I agree with Brian on the 2.5 stars.  I went here yesterday and was very disappointed.  Fortunately, my expectations were not too high, since I have yet to find a decent sushi joint after moving from LA.  Regardless, those were not met either.  #1 The fish was low quality, especially for the price.  #2 The staff was not knowledgeable!  For instance, when I ordered Toro, I received just normal maguro.  After arguing with the server for 5 minutes, he finally returned it to the kitchen and 15 minutes later brought back Toro.  This also was not very good quality.  If this place only served sushi it would be 0 stars, but since the decor was okay, and I enjoyed the setup I decided to give it 2 stars.
5	Hmmmm, I'm saddened by the other reviews. I love the sushi here and everytime we go somewhere else (zen32, ra, stingray, some little place in Chandler that was supposed to be THE BEST) we always wish we had made the trek up to Sushi Brokers. Sometimes the service is just ok but Saturday at 4:30 pm its perfect.  The Cowboy Roll is out of this world.... we usually go during Happy Hour pricing and arent big drinkers so our bill isnt usally too high. Oh, and the people watching is awesome.
3	I love sushi and I'm not the toughest critic when it comes to sushi, but I consider Sushi Brokers just average... The food is fine; I've never been overwhelmed by how fresh and delicious it tastes. but I've never been sick from it either...I go to Sushi Brokers for the convenience factor (they are located on Scottsdale Rd very close to the 101) and the atmosphere.  The service is just OK as well... but they must be doing something right, because the place was packed when I went in for dinner on Monday night.I took my boyfriend's sister; She is 16 and I figured the music they play would be right up her alley.  I was right!  She knew the words to every song that blasted through the restaurant.  We both had miso soup and we shared seaweed salad and some rolls including spicy yellowtail, eel and cucumber. scallops, and salmon skin.  We didn't order the lollipop roll. but that is my favorite 'specialty roll' on the menu.  Everything was fine... consistently fine.  We missed happy hour, but I've been in the past and I like happy hour prices much better than the $60 I dropped there without alcohol on Monday.  I'll continue going to Sushi Brokers for the fun atmosphere and convenient location.  People watching is fun too, and with big screens all around, I guess you could go to watch a big game on TV as well.  Just set your expectations accordingly and you'll be fine!
5	I really like Sushi Brokers.  The service is not that great, but the creative rolls are fantastic.  My favorite is the Hawaiian (it has salmon and mango on top with some kind of sweet clear sauce). It really is just another trendy Scottsdale sushi restaurant, but I like their rolls the best.  Proximity was the biggest reason I went to Sushi Brokers and I haven't been back since I moved to Glendale, but I do miss sitting at the bar during happy hour.  You will probably get better service at the bar and it's more fun anyway.  I've never had any traditional sushi there, all I know is that they have some awesome rolls that I have not been able to find anywhere else.
4	I'm not one of those people that knows everything about sushi.  I just know I like it.  I have a hard time ordering, too, because I don't know what everything is.  This is exactly why I like Sushi Brokers.The girl I work with has a sister that works there.  She went yesterday for lunch and brought me back some take-out to save for dinner.  I like that I can customize my order  - wrapped in cucumber instead of rice and extra wasabi, please!  I had the scallop rolls and they were yummy!  Went the next night with Jacqui after the roller derby.  Luckily, we are on the same level with sushi - we both know we like it but aren't as versed as some.  They gave us two menus right away (I only wrote that because of another review that only had one at the table) and explained some of the things on the menu.  The cool thing is that on the back, there's a bigger explanation of each roll.  Our waitress was so-so but warmed up a bit to us as the meal went on.Jacqui and I shared the Cowboy roll (it's a bit spicy!) and the Eel and Cucumber roll.  We each also ordered a snow crab roll.  All were *really* good.  We left stuffed, but not in a way to make you feel like after Thanksgiving dinner.  Just right!  Our food didn't come as quickly as I thought it would, but we weren't getting antsy at the pace.  Of course, good conversation with Jacqui is always a plus!Our water was refilled constantly (YAY!) and the waitress even asked when we got out bill if it was going to be all on one card.  That was cool, since sometimes it's a pain to ask people to split the bill.  I mentioned during our dinner that the music wasn't bothering me *too* much.  Either it was loud enough for me to notice or it was somehow slipping into my subconscious.DEFINITE Scottsdale crowd!  Jacqui asked "Doesn't if feel like we're not Downtown right now?"  and I had to totally agree!Oh, and it was so cold in there, we were happy to go outside.  In Phoenix.  In mid-June.
1	I wish I could give them a half a star.  I have been in Scottsdale 1 year and since I moved here to about 6 mos ago I was at Sushi Brokers several times a week.  I lived right across the street and they are open late, so it was a great deal with reverse happy hour. What is better than lots of drinks and sushi, and then a short walk home?  No DUI, pleasantly faded and full belly.  Anyhow, I like to keep it pretty traditional with just salmon and tuna.  That is any combination- in a roll, nigiri, etc.  About 6 mos ago something changed dramatically as I had to send back every piece of tuna I got, and every roll in which the tuna came.  (baha I said came).  Regardless of my immaturity,  I am not a fan of Sushi Jerky.  Actually, perhaps Sushi Gum is a better analogy...Gushi, if you will.Marketable?? I think NOT!  I found out that the Sushi Jerky is a result of a new chef/buyer.  Clearly they are saving money on this sushi but keeping the same prices for the customers (which are very expensive when you are not on happy hour..14 bones for the damn cowboy roll??? Good thing I can chew it for an hour...it realy makes my money go further)   Let me REemphasize: Every piece of tuna I ordered after six months ago I had to send back.  I stopped going for a while hoping after a plethora of complaints they would change something...for surely every single person that ordered this roast beef would send it back.  To my surprise however, last time I went in a couple wks ago, the same thing.  Only this time I got a cute little waitress who gave me a ridiculous amount of attitude when I sent it back.  She also exclaimed before storming off, that out of the several years she has worked in the sushi business, she has never heard anything like this.  I found this slightly amusing seeing as how a couple years ago she was in Junior High (I'm okay with that).   I am by no means a sushi snob, but if I am going to drop a bill on sushi for two, I would expect some quality.  Good thing when I need a quick fix Whole Foods is right down the street.  That is QUALITY.  They don't have warm sushi, the salmon looks like art and the tuna is deeeelish.  :) :)
3	Sushi here is ok. The restaurant itself is really nice and love the decor. They have a happy hour menu which is pretty good but otherwise it's a bit overpriced.
4	I was a little surprised by the negative reviews but as I read them it made me realize, maybe Sushi Brokers doesn't have the greatest service. I guess I never noticed because I always go for happy hour and am really looking forward to the Diamondback roll and a few Saki Bombs. That being said the service isn't really that bad.The prices are good for happy hour and are actually a little high regularly. I enjoy the atmosphere and they usually have ESPN on the couple of plasmas scattered around. The ideal night would be start at Sushi Brokers for a few rolls and saki during happy hour then get on with your plans for the rest of the evening.
3	Editing Review: This place has totally gone down hill since its hay day- i haven't even been there in over a year because the in 2012-2013 everytime i went and wanted it to be good like it used to be, it ended up being mediocre at best! My favorite sushi spot, the food is great, i would recommend the SANCHEZ roll, the CHIMI CHONGA, and the SURFER...they are great! the atmosphere is also very good! i'm not the biggest fan of sushi but thsi place really gets me in the mood to do it up!
5	I really love Sushi Brokers! I've been over 5 times and I've always had pretty good service! The Sushi outshines the service, hands down.Only go for happy hour - it is overpriced for normal hours. But the food is seriously VERY good. All of these other reviews are just hatin'.
1	I guess you could say that this place has the worst customer service I have ever seen. I am a server myself and this place was horrible. There were 4 server girls and only three tables in the entire place, but yet not one of them could break away from their conversation to seat us. so we sat ourselves, then once we were sitting, no one came up to us. we were there for 10 mins w/ no service, waters, or hi the entire time. If i was the manager i would fire every last one of those retarted servers. we got up and walked out and will never return again. this would be the second time it a has happened. Maybe the bleach they used on their hair seeped into their brains. Or maybe they tanned so much they are just permanently fried.
3	I took a friend from out of town here there because I've really had great experiences here so far and we both love sushi... Of course the place had to embarrass me...our waitress was spacey and snotty, the wrong rolls came out, and the dudes next to us were so obnoxious and rude that they ended up buying our meal because they "felt bad."I'm so disappointed in you, Sushi Brokers!
2	Hmmm... what to say... have been here twice in the past 5 weeks.  The first time was late afternoon on a Sunday.  The sushi was ok, and because it was happy hour, not that expensive... if I had to base the review on this one time it would have been a 3 star, but the second time was yesterday.  We went at dinner time and the place was packed.  I really can't understand why.  We had the Ebi and Kani, as well as the California, Scallop, and Crunchy rolls... the California and Crunchy rolls were good, but I've had as good at at least a dozen other sushi restaurants in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  The scallop roll, ebi and kani were simply not good.  The service was good and attentive, which is why this gets a 2 star, rather than 1.
3	Only go here for happy hour.Period.Seriously overpriced if you don't go for happy hour.Luckily, happy hour occurs seven days a week.  Both a normal and reverse happy hour.Don't go crazy.  This place doesn't have the best quality fish.  Don't order uni, don't order ama ebi... just stick to the basics and rollsThe rolls and sauces on the stuff they serve though... are AWESOME!So yeah, if you want some sushi "junk food" topped with creamy delicious and spicy sauces... dig in!Lots of fried rolls on the menu too, so I truly think of it as a very rich and fattening sushi experience :)Ta da!
3	I ordinarily only go to Sushi Brokers for their reverse happy hour over the weekends. Good sushi at a fair price and when you're hungry later in the evening for sushi, this is the only place to go to in North Scottsdale.
5	I LOVE their happy hour and their sushi!  I've never had a bad roll and always leave satisfied!  Try the Sunshine roll on a hot day!  Their sauces are sooooo yummy.  The staff is pretty good too.
2	--expensive for business lunch--servers very attentive, prompt--lacks nth-degree detail of a Japanese chef running things; rolls and standards are safe, but needs a ...san to show them how it's done--iced green tea is refreshing and plentiful. i had like 10 glasses.sushi chef left my salmon skin pieces from the kitchen sitting on the pass for 10 minutes. server asked if she could bring me anything else and i had to point at the plate on the pass, now surely cold. it was.spicy tuna mix was the standard gloop but at least did not have mayo.tempura batter was gloopy not flaky and crispy like it should be.veggie pieces for tempura were too big and had cool centers.presentation lacked proper Japanese detail; straight from fryer to the plate, bits oil and all, carrot bits thrown at the plate.sauce was too thick for tempura and no white radish to be seen anywhere
4	I am visiting Scottsdale for 10 weeks and found Sushi Broker closest to my place. The first time I went, I went with my friend from Japan. We both enjoyed the sushi and found some rolls better then others. My Japanese friend was happy with the quality and taste....she has much more experience with sushi then I do.   We did go during happy hour and thus the prices were very good.The second time I went, I had a good experience.  Although, with the spicy tuna and spicy salmon, there is too much heat and thus it looses the taste of the fish.  Both visits we really liked any of the rolls that used the eel sauce. Very tasty.Both times we went during happy hour.
5	Gross
5	Last time I went it was lunchtime on a weekday.  Our server was very quick and attentive.  The sushi lunch deal was *amazing.*  Piping hot miso, delicate seaweed salad, crisp cucumber salad, flavorful sauteed veggies, fresh orange slices and the main attraction - tuna, yellowtail and salmon all absolutely fresh and perfectly prepared.  I left totally stuffed and happy.  One caveat - they should turn down the music a little during lunch; happy hour should be one level of noise and lunch should be several octaves below that.
3	Sushi isn't great and prices are high. The service has been bad with long waits but it seems like once in a while it's ok.Happy Hour prices are good and commensurate with the quality of food and drinks you are getting.Location is nice and it's a great see and be-seen in Scottsdale type of place. If you live and work up North Scottsdale, this place is great to go with your co-workers to.
4	In town on business and was taken to Sushi Brokers -- I'm not a sushi expert so I can't comment on how it compares to other locations on price, but I thought the meal and experience were very good.We started with Shrimp Tempura which were delicate and tasty.  All the food was delivered timely and with a smile.I don't remember all the sushi and rolls we ordered, but two stood out as unique: the chimichanga rolls and surfer rolls.  The chimichanga rolls had a great southwestern flavor, were lightly fried and had a sauce with some kick -- tasted great with the Kirin we were drinking.  The surfer rolls were a meal in themselves, with several kinds of fish in the roll and topped with a cream sauce with chunks of shrimp in it -- yum!Definite recommendation.
4	It's my 2nd time @ Sushi Brokers during happy hour and I leave every time with a wide grin on my face.  The drinks are a steal during happy hour and so are the rolls.  This isn't your traditional Japanese sushi restaurant. It's more sushi fusion where they'll mix western ingredients with the rolls, such as cream cheese, bbq sauce, etc .  They are mostly lathered with lots of saucing but it's super flavorful without being overwhelming.  Definitely give it a shot. The service is great too.
2	Not a big fan. Somehow have been here 3 times for lunch and each time it is just mediocre. I keep ordering the sushi lunch special and it's just never that great. This last time, it was very slow at lunch and it took forever to get our food. I probably should just give up on this place. I don't know how I managed to eat here again as I told my co worker on the way there that I didn't like it.  Hunger addles my brain.
2	The food has really gone downhill.  I used to go here all the time when I lived on that side of town but the last few times I've gone the sushi was horrible.  Maybe it was an off day? I might venture back to see if this was the case.
2	Wow, there is not a lot of love for this place. I suppose that is fitting. I have only been here for reverse happy hour. This is primarily because it is too freaking expensive for what you get. Sapporo right down the street has much better sushi at the same price. There are good things. The reverse happy hour makes it affordable, for us whose pockets aren't loaded with coin. The sushi is decent. One of the big faux pas of this place, I think,  is the atmosphere. Plastering the walls with huge flat panels that are flickering the latest sports event, seems to scream chicken wings and beer to me, not sushi and sake. Overall, this is not a coveted destination, but works if you are dying for mediocre sushi at Robin Leach prices. Wow.
2	"trendy, loud-music, ok-sushi!" - 2/5When we lived right across the street from the Sushi Brokers, J and I used to go there at least once a month for its happy hour. We probably had been there at least 8 times with friends and family. I have to say that the quality was good for the start but went downhill since then. The price was right if you go during the happy hour. Other time, kinda expensive with the quality and service. It was a seen-to-be-seen place with ok-quality sushi.
4	Have eaten here quite a few times now and have to say that so far this is my favourite Sushi Restraurant.....the food is consistently good, nice drink selection, wait staff are always happy, helpful and friendly...the atmosphere is relaxed and they usually have some good music playing. It may have just been the times I have been there...but it seems to be a bit dressier than other Sushi places....I have always been casual though and no one seems to be offended! lol
4	I only go here for happy hour. Yes, it is hideously overpriced if not happy hour, and the decor and loud music would be a little odd if you were going here for a nice dinner. As an after-work/snack type place, it works for me. My girlfriend hates all the flat-screen TVs and how they show ESPN and sporting events because it distracts me. :)Felt the need to defend this place due to some negative reviews. Have had a lot of good meals and drinks here. Their prices are very good during happy hour (which is 7 days a week!) and reverse happy hour. I stick to basic stuff (I'm a basic man) but they do that well. $2 Salmon/Yellowtail/Tuna nigiri? Yes please. My girlfriend loves the Philly roll, the Vegas roll is one of the better ones I've had, and the Damn Good roll is something unique...maybe a little too sweet and oversauced but worth a try once. My friend ordered some quail egg thing once and he said it was spoiled...but I don't usually mess with that so I can't say. Just beware of the more exotic things, I guess.Seems to be a lot of turnaround in the wait staff...I come here fairly frequently and seem to get a different person every time. Though for the most part, they do a good job. A friend of mine just got a job at the bar here but I never sit at the sushi bar so can't vouch for that experience.
2	Decent place for happy hour. Used to come here with colleagues after work. Sushi & drinks are cheaper during happy hour... only reason we used to come here. Sushi and cooked Japanese stuff aren't that great. Go across the street to Ra at Kierlands if you don't mind paying and get better service.
4	For being in a landlocked state I thought this sushi place was great.  It's not on the same level as SF but all the fish was prepared well and had a good texture.  They have "reverse happy hour" which starts at 10 and it is a fantastic deal, almost half off a lot of the nigiri which they also let you order without rice so it's like getting sashimi for $1 a piece which is a great deal.  I'm not a big roll guy, but we tried a few rolls and they were all pretty good, big beers were $4 during happy hour so a huge meal for two with drinks was only $70 total which is great considering a similar meal in SF would put you over $100 without a problem.
4	I'm always impressed when a landlocked state has good sushi, and this place did. Since it was a Monday during happy hour, it was a bit quieter and the service was prompt.  The 5 of us tried a variety of items (from the Tuna to the Cowgirl) and everything was very fresh.  We also enjoyed some bomber beers and cocktails that were $2.00 off.Overall, we had a great experience.  I would definitely go again at happy hour, next time we visit.  Our sushi, a Kobe burger, and drinks came to $140.00, before tip.  Not bad for the amount of sushi we ordered.
3	Meh...let me start off by saying that I am super spoiled when it comes to good Sushi.I went there during happy hour a couple of days ago. What was nice is, that the drink specials were good. $2 for a large Asahi is A-OK and awesome in my book. What made me frown a bit is that there was absolutely no happy hour for food. A bit of a let down to be honest.We ordered three rolls..The Chimichanga roll, Asparagus roll and Diamondback. First of all...15 bucks for a specialty roll? And there is nothing special about it...unless you consider drowning the roll in spicy mayo and eel sauce? Maybe that was to mask the uber-fish taste of the spicy tuna? I don't know. I think they should have called this sushi soup...Finally, the service. It was ok. Nothing more. Not even an ounce more. Very impersonal and not very efficient.Overall not impressed. The only thing that pushed it to three stars were the drink specials. Maybe they should rename the joint to "booze brokers"...just a thought...
3	Looking for a good sushi happy hour? This place has some great drink specials, but the sushi is a bit pricey for what it is. It's decently enjoyable - they have some good concoctions, but there are better rolls and sashimi out in Phoenix (try Sapporo or Sakana - the latter is my pick of the litter).
5	I've had good times and not so good times here, but the good definitely outweighs the bad by far. Last friday I went for happy hour with  a total of 7 friends (one of whom went insanely early in order to save us a table). Arriving at 5:30, I couldn't believe how packed it was! No recession here! I love the music they play- it's just feel-good, trendy pop, but it puts me in to mood to eat, drink and be merry! I always get the Cowboy roll- which is spicy tuna with cucumbers, spicy sauce and scallions and it just does it for me. For the first time I tried a friend's chimichanga roll and must say that I am now a huge fan! It was even spicier than the cowboy and like a mini party in my mouth! My other fav thing here is the calamari! Its lightly breaded and comes with the best tangy sauce that I always want to keep for later even though I don't know what I would use it for. I'm just a sauce hoarder. And at happy hour an order is only 4 bucks! Beat that? I dont think so. And the specialty rolls are only 8 bucks!Sushi brokers always treats me well and I leave full, buzzed and happy. Just get there early to get a seat for happy hour!
3	If you go to Sushi Broker expecting a great rowdy bar atmosphere with good strong cocktails and ok food, you'll probably have a good time.  Even though the dining space is far larger than the tiny bar area, the bar's what it's all about.  Lots of regulars from the nearby businesses and apartments, with a few neighborhood families and the usual Scotts. smattering of tourists.  Spillover ends up on the patio seating.  Food's ok.  Better after a few cocktails.  Prices are reasonable for lunch and happy hour.  They have a good wine list, but the wines I've ordered in the past have been tasteless, watery, so I stick to the stellar cocktails.  Sushi Broker isn't a place for children, unless you're ok with your child hearing the f-bomb wafting in from the bar every 10 seconds.  Oh - of course not from our table ;-)
4	Every time I'm in the Scottsdale area, I have to make it into Broker (It also helps that my colleague offers SB as the only choice). While the service can run a bit on the slow side, most everything is top notch and the special dishes rock. They make some of the most 'exploratory' sushi anywhere!When it gets packed inside, the patio also works unless it's 120 outside. If that's packed, you'd best come with someone that can get you taken care of!!
3	another day, another group dinner, another sushi restaurant.  This time Sushi Brokers in N. Scottsdale.  It seems some places just don't do groups well.  Not to mention the bathroom was falling apart, the faucet was literally dangling in it's place.  But the food was good.  We enjoyed happy hour prices and I had the Damn Good Roll, which was good but not entirely deserving of its name.  Made with Shrimp tempura, cream cheese and avocado topped with sweet chipotle sauce.  My second roll was much better, the sanchez (not the dirty sanchez) Eel, cream cheese, jalapenos tempura battered and topped with eel sauce. yummy.  The service was good however when it came time for checks there was a ton of confusion, so if you dine with a group I highly suggest you determine the billing in advance (individual checks, small groups or one check for the total).
3	I went here late one Saturday night with Friends for reverse happy hour. The Selection of happy hour rolls was quite extensive. We mainly ordered tuna and salmon centric rolls. After a quick glance at the happy hour roll sheet I saw that most rolls were in  the $4 range. After some consideration  I decided to go for the Las Vegas Roll.  If you are new to the world of Americanized sushi a Las Vegas roll is Smoked Salmon, Cream cheese and avocado inside the traditional rice and nori. Then the entire concoction is give a dip in tempura batter before it meets the fryer. The result is a very rich, warm and crispy roll. As with most fried things, it was pretty good.  The other rolls my friends ordered looked decent and the few pieces I tired were acceptable. Service and the speed of the kitchen was the big issue here. It took over 45 minutes from when we ordered to when we got out sushi.When the bill came I was surprised to learn that some how I managed to find the only $8 roll in the bunch.
3	Okay so grabbed lunch here before heading out to the movies with some girlfriends. Started with the Edamame..excellent..buttery good with just the right amount of salt. I ordered the "Damn Good" and it was just that DAMN GOOD! It was solid enough so it didnt fall apart once touched by chopsticks and the smokey goodness of the chipotle sauce was the perfect addition. I tried the Hawaiian my friend ordered which she really enjoyed. For me not a lot of flavor and it fell apart easily, well for me. Im not great with chopsticks and may squeeze to hard. lol But I prefer a "kick" to my sushi so the Hawaiian was too bland for my taste. For dessert the three of us tried the Apple Tempura. I loved the coating but the apple itself was a bit tart. I think I would have definitely preferred the banana. Regardless I would definitely recommend checking this place out, Great sushi, laid back atmosphere, great service and great prices.
2	It's been over a year since my last Sushi Brokers review and I've likely been in a few times since then... the food is always decent, the prices are not bad, and the atmosphere is fun, especially if you like loud music and people-watching.  However, I have to take off a star for the horrible service!I went in for dinner tonight with two girlfriends.  We arrived right after happy hour which likely explains why the place was packed, but luckily, we did get seated in a booth inside shortly after we arrived.  The hostess was nice enough but the wait staff? Not so much!  (I had to use the expression "not so much" since that is Jared's latest expression of choice when he is not satisfied with something).The wait staff was almost nonexistent... our menus were left on the table after we ordered, our dirty dishes were left on the table after we ate, we waited a very long time to get the check, and the bathrooms were pretty filthy too.So I know I don't give 2 star reviews very often, but I can't help myself on this one.  I hope that Sushi Brokers will read this and take my feedback with a grain of salt (or in this case, with a drop of soy sauce).
3	Good but a little pricy for the rolls. The special rolls are good but they are $14-$16 so happy hour is a good time to go. There happy hour is 4-6:30 mon -fri. The $14 rolls are $9. I had the DAMN GOOD roll and it was good.  This roll has shrimp tempura, cream cheese, and avacado topped with chipolte sauce. Its so good but I feel its small in size, a little bit bigger around then a quarter. The asparagus ol is good to Iadded cream cheese. Also we tried the lunch special with soup, salad, veggies, rice, and your choice of a few different chicken choices, We went with the Valcano Chicken. Its was good with a nice spicy kick but not to hot you had to drink after every bite. This lunch special for $9 is a good deal and its a good size portion. I was suprised at how much chicken there was. And they also have a few sushi roll lunch specials to. Ill be back but for happy hour cause some of those roll are not cheap. The inside is comfortable and the service for us was good and they were fast at getting our drinks and getting the food out.
4	I went to Sushi Brokers on 3/12 with my friend Lauren for dinner. North Scottsdale really isn't our turf but we were gonna hang with a friend who was house sitting afterwards, and since it was a Friday, and it's lent... I could only eat seafood and veggies... so sushi was on our dinner agenda! I looked up Sushi Brokers on my Yelp app and noticed the many reviews about the place, so I decided to chance it over the more acclaimed Yasu Sushi on Cactus. Upon our arrival at Sushi Brokers, at around 6, we were told to expect a 40 minute wait, as for the bar, it was first come, first serve. It's a small place but ridiculously crowded, so one can expect it to be a good happy hour spot with great specials and decent food, or its crowded with people who have no idea that there's a better sushi place elsewhere.Luckily for Lauren and I we were constantly looking for a bar opening, and found two seats. Upon seating we were given two sheets one for happy and one for sushi orders. This is where Sushi Broker get its 4th star! No idea who the guy at the bar was, I just know he had a tattoo sleeve, and he looked cute, realized that happy hour had just ended but he told us he'd let it slide with us coz it had just ended, so we ordered a vegas, tootsie, and crunch roll, one kirin light bomber, a plate of vegetable tempura and calamari. A feast! I have to admit that was an awesome attempt on winning fans of your establishment plus it's the advantages of sitting at the bar hehehe.The portions were huge for happy hour, well what's funny is that some establishments in Tempe believe in short changing customers with slightly smaller orders during happy hour or a extremely limited menu... like Sushi Eye in Motion. Anywho, it was a large order of veggie tempura, the calamari was alright, the tootsie was delish, and the crunch was a little more than decent. So as we were eating and drinking, we realized altho the service was ridiculously fast ( we ordered at 6:40, got our food at 6:50), we were still waiting for the vegas roll.So we asked the guy with the sleeve on the eta of our vegas roll, of which he reassured us that it would be coming out in a few minutes. Satisfied, and enjoying the atmosphere, the thumpa of the music, the good looking boys and girls, the good food, and the cute boys at the bar name sleeve dude and his counterpart the shaved head dude (yea, yea... we know we're bad but it was loud so we didn't catch their names, and i was already on my whole day buzz), I noticed shaved head dude was making this martini kind drink, it looked pretty, and my sake was boring me. So, I asked what it was and he (insert Ke$ha song here... Blah Blah Blah) told me the ingredients... ZzZz...and said it was a Witch Doctor. Ok Kiddos, interesting fact, if I'm enjoying myself, and already buzzed if a drink looks pretty and you can tell me it's sweet, I'm sold. SO I ordered it alongside my sake bomber. Ladies and boys... that was a kickass drink!! LOVE IT... and only if I knew what was in it I would order everytime I went out! He did mention something that you drink 10 of those and still not get a hangover... I'm planning to try him on that challenge. It apparently has antioxidants and b-12 vitamins. Anywho back to the Vegas roll, it came with two other rolls... which apparently was our original order and there was a mix up. so we got two free rolls extra, score!! Love ya Brokers... love your specials, your Witch Doctor drink, and yummy sushi!! Plan to come back before an outing... maybe easter weekend!!
4	We went to Sushi Brokers for lunch with 3 children under 5.  Food was very good. Fresh sushi-not fishy at all. We had the bento box lunch specials and price each was around $10.  Plenty of food.. we took some home.  Waitress was a little inattentive, but got us what we needed.  I would go back again. No highchairs. Not sure why.
4	Recently attempted Friday happy hour here, and we failed. We met up a little bit before 6 pm but by the time we were seated it was 6:45.. OUCH. But regardless, the food was great. We ended up just sticking with sushi. The server recommended the lollipop roll. It's wrapped with cucumber instead of rice and it was delicious! We also had the calamari appetizer and a variety of other rools with iced green tea. Our total bill for 4 people was $91. WHOA. It's definitely worth another visit though, but I would recommend coming way earlier to ensure HH prices.The music is good, albeit a tad loud.
4	First off, was here one time on a Friday evening and noticeably, the patrons are not your typical Scottsdale social lite, was more like your Tempe college crowd.  But that's OK, I came for the food!So this place is not too bad, serves up some great sushi.  It was kind of pricey.  We did have to wait, so I guess it must be good then. Hehehe.I would say it would be a perfect place to come to watch ball games as they had a decent amount of LCDs around the restaurant.  Great contemporary music playing in the background.  I would come back again for Happy Hour.
4	Sushi Brokers is a great place for happy hour.  Myself and my friends always find ourselves here.  They have TV's in every direction to watch whatever game is on and great contemporary music keeping the place exciting.  You definitely want to make sure you get here as early as possible, because the seats fill up quickly.The nice thing about their happy hour menu is just about every roll is on it.  You get a solid selection to choose from ranging from $4 to like $16.  The Lollipop Roll  is by far my favorite.  Its assorted fresh fish, shrimp, avocado, and spicy krab mix rolled in cucumber and topped with masago, siracha and ponzu! MMMM  It's fun because each piece actually comes on a stick so you can eat it like a lollipop.  It's a great summer roll, both refreshing and spicy at the same time.
4	The sushi is very good, I've been twice now and I'm a fan.  The Lollipop Roll is the roll to get here.   The Cowboy Roll is also tasty.  Another thing I was impressed with was the edamame.  Steamed perfectly and just the right amount of rock salt.   Also, the most important part of my review is that the hottest waitresses in Scottsdale work here.  Hands down.
3	We were staying across the street and wanted some Sushi. Naturally I was hesitant to have sushi in a non-costal region - ignorance? Maybe. Our plates were dirty. It was quickly remedied by the waitress but still - gross. The fish was was not fresh. Although they did have uni, my favorite, it tasted gross. The sushi was EXTREMELY expensive- most likely to pay for shipping costs - but as stated in the beginning, sushi in the desert? I should've known better.
4	I have to say that I'm a big fan of Sushi Brokers. I am what they call a pansy sushi eater - i.e. i think a California Roll made with soy paper counts as sushi, and the very smell of fish makes me nauseated. However; more than one time now, I have been able to try affordable sushi, that doesn't stink, and tastes really mild and yummy. And that to me is a total win. The service has been less than good on all occassions, but the happy hour pricing and great food makes it worth the try.
4	Have been looking for some higher quality fish than what I'm used to getting in old town, so I decided to venture a bit north and check out sushi brokers, I had heard nothing but positive reviews.I was not disappointed, the sushi was very creative, the fish was really fresh, I was pleased with the presentation, flavors and textures, it was nice having good sushi since there seems to be far less quality establishments these days.I highly recommend checking it out for your self, the only slight draw back is price so be ready to pay for the quality.
4	This place is part sushi bar, part disco and part sports bar. I have gone to Sushi Brokers at least six times in the last year, mainly because its close to my house but also because they have consistently fresh sushi.  The FOOD: I always get the salmon (sake) and then play around with the rest of the menu.  The very best thing I have found is the miso salad.  It is one of the most yummy salads I've had and I will continue to order it each and every time I go to Sushi Brokers. It has fresh, dark green, leafy things with crispy wonton things and a gorgeous dressing.  I tried the outlaw roll this last time which was spicy tuna, shrimp tempura and avocado all rolled up in rice paper.  AMAZING ROLL!!!The Ambiance: The music is loud, usually R and B, pop, top 40 etc.  This is where my boyfriend and I became addicted to the song OMG by Usher.  So, don't expect a quiet night. They have plenty of flat screens showing the game.  You can virtually see one from any angle, which is good - especially when its game five of Lakers vs. Suns.  The Service:  The service is sometimes so bad that its funny.  The hostess is always there to greet you and even open the door for you (this is the good part and it just goes downhill from there).  The wait staff is a group of disconnected, distracted, casual ladies who scamper haphazardly between tables taking orders.  They have only minimal knowledge of the menu (food and drink) and become hard to find once they drop off the food.  It was hard to get a second round of drinks as I couldn't see where my waitress disappeared to. Its really more comical than anything - kind of like the *show* that goes with dinner.  I will continue to patronize Sushi Brokers but they better watch out because Stingray Sushi is opening at the Scottsdale Quarter in October, which is even closer to my house.
2	Service: Could have been better. We were left alone for long periods of time and only saw our actual server 3 times out of the 8 or so visits.Food: Disappointing. We tried a variety of rolls and found the portions to be small and the taste to be mediocre. We ended up getting dessert because of the small portions and we were fairly pleased. Price: High. We were there during happy hour so it wasn't that bad ($4 for eight very small rolls), but I wouldn't be happy spending twice that during regular hours when there are better, larger portions at other sushi joints. The desserts were the best part of our meal, but not worth the $7 for a little ice cream and fried apples.Appearance/Location: It is a good looking place in North Scottsdale. The music was way too loud, which some people may like, but I enjoy conversation over dinner. Bottom Line: Generally I find small Scottsdale restaurants disappointing and this was no exception. I don't plan to go back.
2	In an effort to get away from both the menu and the crowd at RA, I've been sampling various sushi restaurants across the valley with a friend over the last few weeks.  Sushi Brokers was a promising find on Yelp, even if it met the bare minimum of our requirements (3 stars on Yelp, no egregiously bad reviews).  The result was far below expectation.Upon walking in, Sushi Brokers looks and sounds like an odd hybrid between RA and a standard sports bar.  The hostesses were the highlight of the evening, promptly greeting and seating us at an outdoor table.  Even outside we were barely able to hear one another over the thumping music.  I suppose that's appealing for some, but it detracted greatly from our ability to communicate with one another over dinner.The vegetarian options at this restaurant were fairly standard for Asian fare.  The only veggie-friendly roll on their extensive sushi menu was a standard veggie roll, a huge disappointment to me.  I've come to expect at least two veggie-friendly rolls on the menu; to find only one was disheartening.It was happy hour, so all the rolls our group ordered were $4 apiece.  Honestly, even $4 was more than they were worth.  The rolls were small, sloppily assembled, and mediocre in taste.  Furthermore, the veggie rolls were placed on the same plate as rolls containing fish, including one roll containing shellfish.  This is never something I have encountered at any sushi restaurant; while some sushi chefs will combine rolls onto the same plate, they are usually smart enough to separate rolls that indicate obvious dietary restrictions (vegetarian, for example).Service left a lot to be desired.  While our water glasses were always full, it was next to impossible to track down our server.  When our dessert was brought to our table, mine was incorrect--I had ordered the tempura ice cream, and I was brought plain instead.  The woman who brought it darted away from the table before we could draw her attention to the mistake, and it took close to ten minutes to flag down someone who could.If you're looking for a Scottsdale feel close to Scottsdale Quarter that isn't RA, I suppose this would fit the bill.  However, it is one sushi bar I will never again feel the need to patronize.
3	Great Sushi...HORRIBLE service!!I have eaten here alot... only because the sushi is so good!...But the service is so bad, every single time, I honestly dont think I have ever gotten good service. I have been here on a slow Tuesday afternoon and a busy weekend night and the service is always lousy!Such a shame....
4	I frequent here a lot for the happy hour.  Their rice, the amount of rice in the roll, and how they roll their sushi are very good here, especially for happy hour prices.  We always stick with the classics: Spicy tuna, spicy yellowtail, vegetable, and  eel and cucumber rolls.  The calamari, the happy hour salad, and the tempura shrimp are some good HR appetizers that they have as well.  Try the hamachi kama (grilled yellowtail jaw) it is so good!  They give you a pretty large portion and it is served with a ponzu sauce MMMmmmm!Fried caramel apples with  vanilla ice cream aren't too shabby either...Good bar dessert.  Happy hour starts at 4-and we usually get there by 5-5:15 to beat the crowd. Is it THE place for hardcore sushi? No, It's not, but I would go here and eat 100 times over before you ever see me eating sushi at Ra, Satori, or Kona...ewwww yuck!
4	Service was a little slow, and the music was a little loud, however the sushi was amazing. We had several rolls, all of which were fantastic. The Cowgirl roll was out of this world. I would put up with the slow service any day to revisit the heavenly-ness of the sushi! mmmm So good!
4	I have been to Sushi Brokers twice now. My 2nd time was today for their 4-6:30pm happy hour.My girl Jessica & I got there around 5:15. I think we just beat the dinner rush because by the time we left around 7:30 it was pretty packed.Our server Jessica was a sweetheart & good about checking on us. We had all our rolls on the table in about 10-15 mintues.We started off with bombers. Yum! For our rolls we ordered: crunchy, philly, vegas & chimichanga. We also ordered a piece each of the yellowtail hamachi. Everything was so yummy, we almost finished it all.For happy hour it was still a little pricey but not too bad. Our total was $59 not including tip. Definitely will be back for more sushi dates with my girls!
2	I love sushi... but I'm pretty sure I won't be coming back here by myself.Happy hour has decent prices, and the sushi is alright. Some rolls were better made than others, and it seems to me the quality was inconsistent.Based on food alone, I'd give it three stars, but the service was mediocre. We asked for waters, and that took our waitress ten minutes to retrieve. We asked for a couple minutes to look over the menu, but our waitress didn't even return for over twenty minutes!!! It's ridiculous, our food would have been served by now at plenty of other places. It gets worse. Seven of us ordered regular rolls, and one ordered hers tempura style. We also got an order of tempura vegetables. Those came out five minutes after we ordered, which was nice, and the tempura roll that my friend ordered came out shortly after. Everything else... came 35 minutes later. I timed it just because how ridiculous it was - everything was devoured, and only half of us got refills once! Yes it's nice to serve the same style rolls at the same time, but such a huge difference is inexcusable. At the very least they should have delayed my friend's tempura roll (and she agrees!).This place advertises ambience as it's selling point, but it was average. There was only ONE table in the entire restaurant that could seat more than four people! Ambience if useless if it isn't practical.I'm never voting to come here again, even if my sushi were free.
1	Sushi Brokers is the Ra of sushi bars.  (See what I did there?)  I have been only once and was so disappointed I couldn't drag myself back.  It's one of those sushi bars that make up for a lack of quality product by masking everything with cheesy names on a menu filled with "creative" rolls.  Calling these concoctions sushi is like calling the new Burger King Ribs BBQ.  It's always packed when I pass it.  Which makes me like it even less.  This is not a place for sushi lovers but a place to appear to be a sushi lover.
2	This place holds a good memory for me only because it was where I had my first date with my boyfriend. That night was my first time eating at Sushi Brokers. It wasn't bad; wasn't great either.Fast forward a year later (which should be an indication in itself as to how mediocre the food is)....We went again  for a quick snack. We decided to share an Alaskan roll, which, in my experience, is made with raw salmon, crab and avocado. Well, we got the roll and didn't eat more than 3 pieces. The salmon was actually cooked, and tasted too fishy.  Although they did redeem themselves by giving us another roll on the house for our dissatisfaction with the Alaskan roll, it completely ruined my view of this restaurant.Moral of the story: Sapporo is way better and has better prices and is just around the corner. Go there instead.
4	Great lunch specials.  I love the sunshine Bento box lunch special.  Try it
2	Bad, watery sushi.Overly sweet rolls.Good french fries (huh? at a sushi place?)Overpriced drinks.At least the company was good.Go across the street to the Persian Room.
4	I have been going to Sushi Brokers for two to three years now and it is one of my solid picks for rolls.  The happy hour definitely offers a variety of rolls and spirits at a discounted price.  The service is great.  I see this place a few times a month and I always get a friendly greeting and the waitstaff has my drink out before I have an opportunity to order it.  This is a lively, fun hang out spot, so if you are looking for a nice quiet conversation in a traditional Japanese restaurant, then this is not the place for you.  However if you want to have an great time in a relaxed atmosphere then you may really enjoy Sushi Brokers.  Additionally this is my roll place, so although I really like their rolls I have not fallen in love with their sashimi; I have specific places that I like to go to have sashimi and really good nigiri.
1	If you walk into a sushi bar and are overwhelmed by the smell of BBQ sauce and there is none on the menu, leave immediately. Unfortunately I failed to heed my own premonition and "dined" here. Don't do the same please...and save the money and gastrointestinal issues.
4	Sushi Brokers is by far, my favorite sushi place in The Valley. I've been to quite a few different sushi restaurants, but Sushi Brokers has never disappointed. The location is great for those who live in the North Valley. The selection of sushi is fantastic, and the best ones are the Chimichanga Roll & the Sanchez Roll. They even beat the Las Vegas roll (although that one is amazing too). The price is a little high, but it's a nice place, with a unique blend of sushi & sports bar vibes. Compared to Ra, the food is probably a tad bit better at Sushi Brokers, but only because of the unique southwest influenced rolls. So in the end, it's worth $14 for a rather large Chimi roll (we had 10 large pieces one time, instead of the usual 5 at Ra). My only debbie-downer about this place is the size. It's super tiny, and even though we have been seated right away every time, I'm waiting for the day that we have to go somewhere to kill some time while a seat opens up.
2	Only reason I am giving Sushi Brokers 2 stars instead of one is the atmosphere. Which is what brought us there. My friend wanted to try it so we dragged our husbands to a date night. It is a fun, lively atmosphere.That is where the compliments end. Let's start with the food. Ordered a whole bunch of sushi rolls. After 45 minutes they came out. They were mediocre. I ordered fried rice and the veggie lettuce wraps. The fried rice was fried rice. Not bad, not fantastic. The lettuce wraps were the most disgusting things I have tasted. The veggies were SO salty I couldn't even finish them. I was curious about my friend's side of wasabi mashed potatoes. I was sorry I tried them. They were waxy and had a funky sweet taste to them. Everyone was not impressed with the food.Our server was bitchy and incompetent. She seemed very impatient with us. Didn't bring silverware and ignored us most of the time. The icing on the cake was when we were leaving and heard her bitching out someone on her cellphone in the parking lot. Fun stuff.
3	I recently went here for reverse happy hour with my friend, Jason, on a Friday night. Now, north Scottsdale is not our normal place and we rarely venture up there but my friend wanted to go. As a girl, I wish he gave me some warning as to what to wear because i noticed the girls there were slightly more dressed up while I was dressed in a t-shirt, jeans, and boots. A pair of heels would've been better to go with the crowd. The place had a good atmosphere, ambiance, and were playing some fun music to get you in the mood for the night if you were going out afterwords. I know I lip synced to a song and serenaded Jason so if his ears were bleeding, from my "singing," his hearing must be going from something else. Or he was too distracted by the cute boy next to us. There was some eye candy there, also why I felt like I should have dressed a bit more.Anyways, the place was nicely filled and we didn't wait to be seated at a table. We ordered a Diamondback roll, the calamari and the veggie tempura. I've gone to a few sushi places for happy hour and some don't give you the appropriate portion size, but here it was a good size for apps to be shared between two people. The calamari and tempura was all right. The tempura had a nice heat to it as well as our Diamondback roll. We were fairly full from our order. Jason also ordered the witch doctor drink, which he loved. I didn't try it, but I intend to next time.
3	went here recently for my first reverse happy hour visit. It was pretty busy at 11p on a friday night and i think this was the first time I realized how close the tables are to each other by the wall on the right of the entrance, talk about being friendly to your neighbors, although there was this cute guy who smiled at me but my damn shy self ignored him and looked at my phone to check in. muy trieste! Anywho, ordered myself the witch doctor martini that i so adore, and learned that my hh specialty drink was at $6, future reference get 2 coz they're YUM. Dani and I shared the calamari, the veggie tempura and the Diamondback, all were good, and we enjoyed our late night sushi fix, with good music, good vibes, and yes she serenaded with her ill version, my ears are still bleeding =P
4	This is restaurant is one of my favorite places to go for sushi. I only go at happy hour, however, because it is much MUCH more affordable. My favorite rolls are The Damn Good (the name does not lie), The Tootsie, The Vegas, and the Philly! The Long Island Iced Teas are wonderful, and the atmosphere is not bad. I like it as sort of pre-Scottsdale club sort of place (loud music, big flat screes, etc.). I don't really like that the rolls come out on the same plates because it makes group outings pretty difficult. The service isn't fantastic either, but you can't argue with the prices.
3	This is a pretty good place for happy hour.  Decent sushi in a hip environment.  I like the music they play.This last visit my Cal roll, octopus, salmon and tuna selections were just fine. A tall, cold Sapporo is always great.It seemed that the servers were not quite as cute or friendly as in years past.  Maybe it's just me?
4	Delish is all I need to say.. this place is very popular for Happy Hour. Get there early, by 5:30 the place is almost full. Great Half price sushi and drinks.
4	Sushi Brokers is great - it's a lot of fun, the food is good, and the location is perfect when I'm working in N. Scottsdale. It's a quick turn off of Scottsdale Road. They play cool music, too. The staff is super friendly and I met the owner today and he was about as nice as they come!
3	Food is very good. Spider hand roll is huge and tastes great.Service is fair.Music a little loud but interesting.Seating is weird, get a booth on the bar side of the restaurant or you legs will dangle in space.
4	Surfer roll w/ jalapenos. Ahhhmazing. Sometimes that alone makes it worth putting up with the packed wkend crowd. When I can't wait, I call ahead, order it to go, take it home = happy me. Not sure as to an 'identity' tho - is it a sushi spot? a sports bar? Eh, I don't really care.. did I mention the surfer roll w/ jalapenos? Service can sometimes be sketchy, music is often too loud - uhm did I mention the surfer roll w/ jalapenos?
5	I have eaten here many times.  Sushi Brokers has one of the Friendliest Staffs & Best Sushi in the business and they are always on top of keeping your drinks filled and your food prompt.As for the Sushi, it is some of the freshest & best in town, certainly the best I have found on a consistent basis.  I normally go during one of their Happy Hours as the prices are much more affordable then.  They have two Happy Hours, one from 4 - 6:30 pm, then a reverse Happy Hour from 10:30 to Close.My favorite Sushi rolls here are the Chimichunga, Cowgirl (Abbie Style), Surfer & The Sanchez.Music is current Hits and helps the place feel fun.  Eye Candy is great.Stop by & check them out.
1	The first time I went a few months ago, service was horrible. I gave them the benefit of the doubt and tried it again last night. It will be my last time going.Good: the yellowtail was goodBad: small portions, horrible serving staff. For the second time our server ruined our experience. We sat outside and listened to her complain about her boyfriend for stretches of time while waiting to order more sake, etc. She walked out on the east patio door and helped a table there multiple times then walked back in the same door to disappear again without checking on us. I HATE flagging down a server because its rude but we had to do it every time we wanted something. There wasn't a single "is everything ok?" or "can I get you anything else?" the entire time we were there. When we did place the order the food/drinks came out quickly so the bartender and food runners were spot on. The server just ruined the entire experience... Again. We clearly heard her bitching about her boyfriend. Apparently he wants her to quit working there. Honey, take his advice. You suck at it.I'll be sticking to Sapporo right down the road. Better portions and WAY better staff.
4	I have eaten at Brokers a lot recently with my bf.  He loves to go there on Sundays as they have a pretty good happy hour from 5-6:30.  Cheap sushi (obviously) but also good drink specials including 3-4$ VERY LARGE bottles of beer, including some specialty brands.  We are both avid sushi people and I would say the sushi is up there in terms of quality and taste, but maybe not the BEST in town.  Tip: If you're trying to go there during happy hour (esp on Sundays) it is smart to just grab a seat at the bar if you don't mind grabbing a stool.  Otherwise there's a very good chance you will wait for a table, and after you are seated, will have quite a wait for the food as well.  - I'm not a big bar girl, but my bf always snags us a couple seats there and we are served pretty quickly...I would probably never even attempt to get a seat during a busy time because I really think this is when the service starts going out the window.
1	The food was okay, but it is way overpriced for what it is. The server was not very friendly, and she wasn't attentive.If that wasn't bad enough, I ended getting FOOD POISONING from this place! When I called to let them know about it the next day, the hostess brushed it off and said that they never have gotten any complaints about food poisoning before. She didn't offer me anything; she didn't apologize.I already would never have returned to Sushi Brokers after the meal, but after realizing that this place gave me food poisoning, and after they were so nonchalant about it, I don't ever want to see or think of this place again!
4	We were at the AT&T store next door and had time to kill. I really didn't want to go to sushi brokers but she insisted that we go for edamame and one sake bomber. Couldn't hurt right?I am very glad I listened to her. We sat at the bar and placed our order for edamame and bombers... And I might as well throw in some yellowtail because it was good last time.  After the gentleman takes my order another man walks up and introduces himself to me. He stated he was one of the owners and he read my review on yelp and would like to make my prior experience up to me. Boy did he ever.Service was amazing my entire stay. He brought us one of their signature creations called "sushi pizza" which was absolutely delicious. Just enough spice and plenty of fish. He also brought his favorite bottle of sake for us to try which was good as well. At the end of the stay he had taken care of us with the bill to make up for last time as well. We received the VIP service the entire time but all the handouts aside..  The fact that Chris not only read my review.. But also took it to heart enough to remember my ugly face and make right by me. To me, this shows the management cares about their customers. I didn't deal with the service I did in the past this time, but you better believe I will willingly be back within his establishment again soon.
1	Think of a stereotypical restaurant in Scottsdale.  Sushi Brokers is that place.  Slightly unattractive waitresses flaunting their fake tits.  A superficial crowd, filled with oogling men and scary-skinny women with fake blonde hair.    We walked in to Sushi Brokers, wanting a nice, quiet and satisfying dining experience.  I felt like I wasted an hour of my life after eating here. You know the music is too loud when you feel the sub thumping throughout your body.  I usually don't mind louder music, but this was ridiculous.  This is no club.  It's a restaurant.  I almost asked, like a 75-year-old, for them to turn it the fuck down.Our waitress was clearly not interested in us, and was visibly disappointed when we didn't order alcohol.  Thanks, hun.Maybe the meal would redeem the place...but what ensued quickly shattered all hope of redemption.  NOTHING CAME OUT IN A TIMELY MANNER.  The food was SLOPPY, BLAND and STOMACH-TURNING.  Miso salad was meh--nothing memorable.  We requested steamed veggies and brown rice.  They do not serve brown rice, so don't even ask.  The veggies were overdone--no crispness whatsoever.  Onions were used as a filler between the three pieces of broccoli, mealy squash and overdone carrots. The sushi.  As I write this i can already feel my unpleasant morning creeping up on me.  The tuna and yellowtail were warm and not the least bit fresh.  The veggie roll was bland, with a hint of something bitter.  Ew.Then we waited.  And waited.  And waited.  Didn't we order another roll?  "They have to cook the eel so it takes a while".  I've had Unagi before and it takes TWO MINUTES to cook.  After waiting 25 minutes we received our caterpillar roll and unagi.  The unagi was cold.  The roll was saturated in a gross version of eel sauce.  It was like honey.  The eel was gummy.  Avocado was not fresh, but somehow it was still green.  I made the unfortunate decision of using the restroom.  Absolutely disgusting, FILTHY.  And the music bumps up 10 decibels.There is something so disturbingly artificial about every aspect of this place.  I will never return, even if they paid me.  A waste of calories and a HUGE waste of money.
4	Go here frequently, and have never ran into any of the issues other's have yelped about...Best rollsVegasDamn goodSpicey cowboy/cowgirlI like sashimi...but unless I'm someplace where it just came out of the water...I'm not eating it...so can't comment on that.We usually go late in the afternoon and have always had good service and once we had a birthday party with 15 people on a busy night..My Only complaint is the bathroom...it needs some work.....and I do not like hearing employees talking on their cell phone while sitting on the toilet.
2	Usually when I leave one of our regular sushi places we're satiated and  $30 richer.  It's not that this is a bad place but value for money for pseudo Japanese cooking is not to be found. The udon was thin and the accompanying dish was forgettable. Yes there's sushi in the name but that doesn't excuse the lack of imagination on the entree list. Sushi wise the Spicy cowboy roll was spicier than their wings and is a really good roll.  Height on most chairs make it obvious, along with no kids menu that your sushi loving 5 year old  should go fishing elsewhere.  Having said that  $9 bento box with katsu is pretty good value though the miso that comes with it doesn't  stand up alongside a premium packet of miso from Lee lees Was quiet ( 230 on a Sat afternoon)  It's just not worth the premium in relation to the good places a couple of miles away
2	Disappoionted! Place looked pretty, but sushi was sooooooo expensive!  Now I wouldn't care one bit about that if it was worth it but it was not! Not creative. Not super fresh. Not even a food portion size. Ambience was loud and cavern like. Server was inattentive and couldn' remember our order. really sad. Next time it's another sushi place. Not this one.
3	I have heard nothing but great things about Sushi Brokers from my friends and other locals. So when my friends and I decided to meet there for reverse happy hour I was really excited. Once we got there we were barely greeted and were treated as an annoyance. Once seated our waiter was less than thrilled to accommodate any of our needs. Once the food and drinks were out there were many mistakes made. My friends and I were nothing but polite and ate the food that was brought out. Overall the food and drinks were very tasty and definitely worth going back for. The service on the other hand was lousy . I will try Sushi Brokers again in hopes for better service. Luckily their product is great :)
5	This is our favorite sushi restuarant in Scottsdale! Never had a bad order of anything. Edamame is the great! The salmon sashimi is always outstanding. Sometimes we just order apps. Sauces are delicious. It is a fun atmosphere, staff is very attentive, bartenders get your drinks right away.
1	The WORST service I've ever experienced.  I love the sushi, but I will never go in there again.  If anything, I may order takeout....but even then the service is rude and slow.   On three different occasions with three different servers,  I was treated with a bad attitude.  My iced tea wasn't refilled for 45 minutes....I asked my server several times and she gave me her pointer finger and told me "one sec".  I asked another waitress to refill it for me and she said "hold on, your server will be right with you".  I gave the place several chances, but each time the service was slow and ignorant.  Left a penny tip I was so pissed.
1	What happened to this place???  Sushi Brokers used to (when I say used to, I mean a few years ago) be our go-to sushi spot and has now gone downhill to the point that the sushi is not even edible anymore.  We stopped going there regularly but would stop in on occasion to see if there had been any improvement only to find even poorer quality sushi.   Our last experience there will definitely be the last time that we ever set foot into this place.  We ordered some yellowtail sushi and the lollipop, cowboy, and summer rolls, although we received a surfer roll instead of the summer.  None of the sushi was the slightest bit fresh and the shrimp dynamite that came on top of the surfer roll was filled with crunchy bits of tail and shells.  The lollipop roll, which used to be our favorite, tasted so fishy and disgusting that we couldn't even eat it and we left afraid that we would end up with food poisoning from the rotten fish.I would rather eat sushi from a grocery store than Sushi Brokers (and I can't stand grocery store sushi!).  It really is a shame to see what used to be a good place turn into such an all around disaster. If you're looking to try a new sushi restaurant, you'd be better off at just about anywhere else than here.
3	Happy hour is jam packed, service at the bar is only fair,  fare is a bit pricey.  The sushi rolls, though, melt in your mouth.
3	Could I get a 3 1/2 possibly?Service is always very hospitable.Sushi in the summer can taste a bit on the mushy side.  Also the green tea makes the arnold palmers not so great...Volcano Chicken and Vegetable Tempura are sure bets everytime.  Great place to go for happy hour if you are going to keep it simple.We come here all the time and it is very serviceable.Did I mention I love the Volcano Chicken??
4	Came here with a friend for the first time a few months ago, but it must have been around the time that service sucked because I was disgusted with our server and vowed to never return. We decided to try it again today for lunch, and boy was this time better! I feel like the owner realized that his waitresses were shitty so he found replacements. He also made it a point to stop in and greet everyone at the restaurant which I thought was really nice.We sat at the bar and service was fantastic. If our server wasn't around, another waitress would even ask if we were doing okay.As for the food - I have officially given up on RA and moved here because this place was just great! We had the lunch boxes that come with miso soup, cucumber salad, wokked veggies, rice, and your choice of a main dish (regular meat plates or a choice of a specialty roll). We went with the Las Vegas rolls. You get all of that food for $15 and walk out of there feeling full.
4	Came here on vacation with my best friend and her mom. Wow, this place is mmmMmmm! The snow peas were delicious and the fried apples dessert is a MUST TRY!!! Parking lot is big (from what I remember) as well as the restaurant itself. Has booths and bar stools for you to hang out at as well as a bar itself. The waiters are super friendly, prices are a bit high, but it is sushi. Otherwise, highly recommended.
4	LOVE this place!  Great spicy tuna rolls!  and AWESOME happy hours!  Great ambience and friendly staff.
4	Best sushi in AZ, hands down! Sushi Brokers offers fresh fish prepared in the most creative ways! I prefer to go during happy hour, as most of their specialty rolls are pretty expensive. The Sunshine Roll, Las Vegas Roll, and Damn Good Roll are just a few of my favorites here, I could go right down the list naming other rolls I love here! Our service was a bit slow but uber friendly, so it was impossible to be mad at her! I'm going to make it a point to try their bento box for lunch ASAP!
5	The best happy hour sushi in town! Also if your a dessert fan then order the empura apple with vannilla ice cream, you will not be dissapointed....
5	Great staff. Surfer Roll is awesome.
3	It's been a couple of years since I've been back but my brother and his wife come here often for their happy hour.  We took my parents here to celebrate my mom's birthday.  Though the food was good, the service was horrible.  The few times we needed our drinks refilled, our server always looked at us as though we were bothering her.  When I ordered a beer for my dad, it was like WHOA, you are sooo inconveniencing me.  When we ordered a 2nd round of sushi and sashimi, it didn't come out until almost 20 minutes later - and it was only PART of our order.  Our server kept telling us, "it's just so busy."  I can understand being busy, but it still shouldn't lack in service.  It shouldn't take more than 20 minutes to get sushi.  And on top of that, just getting part of what you ordered.  It was very clear that she forgot to put in our order.  It would have made me feel better to tell me that she plain out forgot than to lie and say they were so busy.  In the end, she still forgot 1 whole other roll which we told her to cancel.  She was irritated that we wanted to cancel it. - hello we were completely finished with our dinner and the last roll that we ordered at the same time as our other rolls still wasn't out!  We ended up getting the fried banana rolls for my mom and though our server said they'd write happy birthday on the plate, it came out with nothing written on the plate.  Fail.  The fried banana rolls tasted like they were frozen and then microwaved.  The roll wasn't even crunchy.  Good rolls were the Surfer Roll and the Damn Good Roll.  The miso soup was $5.50 a bowl. seriously?  Would I come here again? Probably not.
4	Really fresh sushi, even though the people making them aren't japanese...nevertheless, their rolls, nigiri, and sashimi were very fresh and tasty.
5	Best sushi I have ever had. Amazing rolls like, the crunchy, yummy and the cowgirls. U got to go there!
4	We frequent Sushi Brokers for their happy hour specials.  The sushi is generally good and the so is the service.  The happy hour prices are reasonable.  We have tried many sushi places in Scottsdale and quality/value at Sushi Brokers is one of the best.
3	Sushi Brokers and I go a ways back.  Used to come here for reverse happy hour back in high school because it was the only "cool" bar we could go to after 10 on a weekend lol.  I have generally always gone for reverse happy hour, which in my opinion is the only thing Sushi Brokers has going for it.  Happy Hr prices are very reasonable, and they have all the standard types of sushi on the happy hour menu, as well as some creative rolls.  Happy hour aside though....it absolutely blows my mind how expensive their sushi is during normal pricing.  While the fish isn't bad per say....it is not high quality stuff.  It's edible, but nothing special to warranty the prices they charge.  Stick to the rolls here...most of them are covered in yummy sauces which help mask the lackluster fish.  Lots of their appetizers on the happy hr menu are pretty decent too...crab rangoons, calamari, and spring rolls are all regular items on my bill.The service here can be hit or miss depending on whos working.  I know its really just a bar, so I feel bad complaining about service, but sometimes it really flat out sucks.  Pretty extensive bar selection, lots of good drinks, but I mainly just do beer/sake here.  Back in the day they used to have one of the largest selections of vodka's in the city....not sure if that still holds true.I really want to give them 2 stars, but I can't.  The reverse happy hour really is a good deal, especially when I just want to go out and grab a few drinks and some food with friends and not deal with any Scottsdale BS like you would encounter at a place like Sapporo.Take my advice folks ONLY come here during happy hour or reverse happy hour, its not worth it any other time.
5	If I have a choice of sushi places in Scottsdale, Sushi Brokers is always my first choice. It is much more fresh than Ra!
3	Sushi was good and they had a decent selection for happy hour.  There wasn't anything special about their sushi rolls that stood out from another place.  Would recommend as a good place for lunch.
4	I have been coming here on and off for years. They have excellent specials great wait staff And overall good sushi. They also make a sushi pizza which sound strange but is excellent. If you get the pizza only start off with a half.
5	For the middle of the desert this sushi restaurant/ bar is wonderful. The quality and portions of sushi and sashimi is very satisfactory. the service is marginal as expected for a bar style restaurant. This is now the fourth time in the past month I have visited and have had the same quality food every time. Happy hour provides a good atmosphere with reasonably priced drinks and sushi rolls!
2	First let me say, the place is clean and the staff is nice. But beyond that its just okay.  The food taste okay, it's nothing wow or to die for.  I've been there 5 times or so by the request of my friend that loves the place.  But to me its highly expensive and most Sushi joints sell the same menu and I've been places where the same thing is cheaper and taste better.Just because it's in scottsdale, doesn't mean the food is better or it taste better.  You can get the same stuff somewhere else more affordable and better tasting.  I guess it's so expensive because it's scottsdale.
3	Food is just 'eh... Just one more sushi place of many
3	Food was okay and service was good. Is this place worthy of more then 3 stars? Not really. There is really nothing too special about this place; typical sushi restaurant. On a side note: our waitress was very pretty & kind too. That of course made eating average sushi a little more enjoyable :PAnywho, this place is A-OK! Nothing more, nothing less.
3	This place is a few miles from where I work so I've stopped in a few times. The thing is: their rolls are So Small. I've eaten at places that are cheaper with either bigger rolls or smaller price tags. The only thing I would recommend is their happy hour. It starts at 10 and has some decent drinks and makis. Get your moneys worth for $5.
2	I have a hard time accepting how boring Sushi Brokers is, but I feel like an utter fool for not predicting the outcome of our evening based solely on the name of the establishment. The food was nothing impressive. It's not terrible, but with places like Hiro and Roka Akor in the valley, it doesn't stack up. They don't seem to care that much about the quality of the food, perhaps because it's reasonable to assume that you'll be drinking and distracted, anyway.My recommendation is thus: If you have recognized yourself as a very white person (not physically, but mentally) who would feel uncomfortable in an environment hardly reminiscent of a typical steakhouse, this'll do you just fine. If you're a discerning sushi connoisseur, however, continue on your quest. Search on, food snobs, search on.
3	I recently took my daughter out for a Daddy/Daughter date and the food was good but the service lacked their usual class.  However, this is the second time in a few months I have been there and had the same problem.
3	Yes, it's loud.  However, for being landlocked the sushi was fresh and tasty.  I was in town on business and was put up across the street.  I visited this place twice.. yes twice, because I was so happy with the service, the beer, but most of all THE SUSHI...  I really enjoyed some of their specialty pieces.  It's worth giving it a shot, and I will go back next time I'm in town..
4	Visiting from Chicago, my brother the local recommended this place.  It was really top notch.  Close to the sushi we get in Chicago.Pretty amazing menu for rolls! We had the Cowboy, Cowgirl, Crunchy and Sanchez.  The Crunchy was my fav - I love the tempura!  The Sanchez was crazy spicy, like holy cow, it bites you at the end.  But also amazing.  Waitress was super helpful and friendly!  Drinks were pretty darn good too - loved the Pom Martini!  It's a hot spot in Scottsdale, see if you can make reservations, but a drink at the bar and some rolls would be all good too.
4	So here we go again....  Eating (and loving) raw fish!  This place is hopping pretty much all the time and the draw has to be the outstanding menu.Try the "Hot Lips" and I think you'll be very happy. All the standard rolls are great too and even a sushi novice will find something they will be happy with!
2	I was meeting my friend that I have known since 5th grade (we are 55 years). It was my suggestion we go to Sushi Brokers, she is new to the valley. I arrived and sat down, no one greeted me for 10 minutes! I gave them the benefit of the doubt that they figured I was meeting somene. Soo, my friend arrives and another 20 minutes goes by and no server. We were not provided a menu, which I have seen before, just the sushi menu and the Bento menu. I know there must be more menus. Maybe not. Anyway, the service was horrible, we sat for an hour with no water, she said she had been there for 7 years...........she should have better skills.The food was just so-so. Teriyaki chicken was swimming in "sauce". Not good. Will not go back. So disappointing, used to be good.  Oh, one more thing. I ordered a glass of white wine and the glass was dirty with red wine goo, they gave me a clean glass but poured the original dirty wine back in the glass, REALLY!!!!
5	It has been about 3 years since I last visited and it took me this long and a few people to say good things about them before I could return. My last visit was reminiscent of cheaply made sushi and bland food. The green tea fried ice cream was terrible.Just last Sunday I had a wonderful experience and the place was nearly packed to full capacity. The happy hour had a few great items and they also have specials that are written on the boards. The atmosphere was cozy and relaxing. Dont miss the surf sushi or the lollipop. I'll be returning next week to enjoy other interesting sounding items like pork and ahi sliders.
4	This is a great places to have happy hour with friends.  I enjoy everything here from the atmosphere to the drink specials and sushi.  They offer a variety of fun martinis and have good happy hour prices on sushi and nigiri.  It is also fun to enjoy your meal while sitting at the sushi bar and watching the chefs make your food fresh right in front of you.
5	Great lunch specials. The roll that is wrapped in cucumber is amazing!
4	Compared to the various other cookie cutter Sushi spots, this one really stands out. The happy hour is to die for considering location and the general prices in Scottsdale. The quality of the sushi is also much different compared to general places out here. You will see that the prices at general times are very pricey for certain dishes ($15 for a seven piece roll?!?!). One thing to point out is that this was the first time in around 2 years since i had come back. The wait staff on the last occasion were so poor that my date and I chose to leave. It seemed like a good idea, because the 20 something waitress was caught in her own bubble egregiously flirting with  five 40 year old dudes. So, to say the least, the service has gotten better than when I last went. The past few times I had gone I also was provided the typical snobby reactions that you get from wait-staff in Scottsdale. Much different this time. Our waitress was kind and understood where we were all coming from (I was in a party of 4). So at least from this time around the waitress was good.I guess in Yelp language that would mean the service is "hit or miss", haha.Anyway, despite the service the food is well worth any issues I have previously had. The only major hang up I won't let go is that it's truly not worth it at regular times, unless you have that type of money to go through. Sushi selection though, is top notch and this is one of my fav's when I am in the area and really craving sushi. Please try to make your first trip one to their happy hour so you can breathe a little easier when browsing the menu. If you like it, then maybe you can inch into regular hours.
5	I LALALALALOVE Sushi Brokers! They have the BEST happy hour prices! The Chimi Roll is amazingggg! I def recommend them, this is my hands down, fav sushi place!
5	YUM! YUM! YUM!I went here the other night with a friend of mine who suggested it.  We did wait for about 25 minutes for a table but it was WELL worth the wait.We started with edamame which was pretty good... then we had some sushi and it was incredible.  I had the Rainbow Roll and it was TO DIE FOR!!!For dessert we had these crunchy apple tempura bites with whipped cream and vanilla ice cream... HOLY SMOKES!Service was amazing and I will DEF be back for more!
1	Well, I used to like this place aside from their crazy waits and clueless service, but now that I have a baby, I guess I'm no longer welcome there. THEY HAVE NO HIGH CHAIRS OR BOOSTER SEATS?!?!?That's just ridiculous. I went there with my husband and our 15-month-old daughter the other day and couldn't believe it when the hostess told us we were out-of-luck. People with small children like sushi too.
1	Full disclosure ... our visit was about a month ago.  My husband and I decided to stop in for lunch one day.  It was our first visit and will be our last.  Service was slow, although friendly.  It was tolerable.  What was unacceptable is that we both order a lunch special which came with miso soup.  The soup was served to us barely look warm!  We told the server this and she took them back.  She said someone in the kitchen had shut off the burner to the soup because it was in between lunch and dinner??? So the waitress brought new bowls.  My husbands was hot and mine was still cold! Told the waitress. She just laughed and said she was "going to kill them" .  No offer to bring another or take something off the bill .... nothing.  The worst part about this though, brings up a question of food safety in the kitchen.  Isn't food that is sitting out supposed to be kept at a specific temperature or be refrigerated!
5	You know you've been to a good place when at lunch the next day you were wishing you had a "doggie bag"!
5	Cowgirl, crunchy, surfer are the best rolls ever!
4	Should a food be authentic or taste good?Ideally both but I lean towards taste and things were tasting good.I was here for happy hour 5-6:30 on a Sat night which is rare to have a happy hr on a sat night. Happy hr prices are not bad but not a bargain, Basic rolls are $4 and fancy rolls are $8.25  the veggie tempura is a decent deal at $4 as are long islands.I had a las vegas roll, which here is made with avocado and smoked salmon, far from usual but the smokiness of the salmon with the fattiness of the avocado work so well. The spicy tuna was good but nothing special. I tried a piece of my friends cowboy roll which is smothered in a chipotle mayo and quite pleasing. Sure this makes sushi less healthy, and not very authentic but it was good and the prices were eh ok at happy hour.The music was a bit loud but I could still converse with my friends.
1	I had so many ppl tell me Sushi Brokers would be a gr8 place to eat sushi at, especially having lived in Japan in for so long.  I believe Hiro Sushi, & have yet to find a find another place that can match them.  When we walked in, the loud, hellish music reminded me of RA - I hate RA & their wanna ambience.  Strike 1 against Sushi Brokers.The waitress was more intent on making a good impression with my boyfriend, who was wearing his "Retired from the Air Force" polo than she was in addressing me.  DEFINITELY STRIKE 2.  I was happy to sign the check AND leave her a $.01 tip in her hand.  Yes, I walked up to her and personally delivered it.The fish was SPOILED. To the owners - if you don't know how to keep your fish at the right temperature, learn, and quickly.  Your fish tastes horrible.
2	I felt the prices were steep considering its SUSHI.  I've had far better for a far lower cost.  Don't get me wrong - I won't hesistate to drop a couple of benjamins if the meal is worth it.  But this was NOT worth it.  I find myself hungry after less than 2 hours.  It also took an inordinate amount of time for our food to arrive.  Good thing our watiress was at our table less than a minute after we walked in and took our order quickly.  Speaking of the waitress... while she was very friendly and attentive, she ABSOLUTELY REEKED of some sickly sweet perfurme.  It turned my stomach and quite possibly ruined the meal for me.  LADIES AND GENTLEMEN... if you choose foodservice as a career - which there is NOTHING wrong with - DO YOURSELF A FAVOR and do NOT bathe in strong smelling perfumes and colognes.  The stench greatly affects the flavor of the food your PAYING CUSTOMERS eat (yes, the ones who also tip you).  Who knows - the food may have been the best food ever served to mankind... I wouldn't know because all I could taste was the stench of that sickly sweet perfume.  Not going back.
4	When I was setting up my new phone here last month prior to moving, the AT&T guy suggested Sushi Brokers as a great place for dinner in the area. So, now that we're finally settled, we went on Friday.It was still relatively busy around 8-8:15p, with the bar fully packed. We were still able to get a table no problem.We split a spicy tuna, spicy shrimp & a crunchy roll. I thought the presentation, portion & price were all on point. All very good - but so far all I can compare it to is RA & Safeway :)It was a little on the loud side, but not so loud that I'd knock a star off. Great service & I liked the ambiance. We'll definitely be back!
5	Best sushi in Arizona period.  Surprisingly enough they also have the best Kobe beef burger that i have ever tasted.  Sliders are also very tasty.  Lollipop roll, Surfer Roll, and Citrus Yellow Tail are my favorites.  If you like jalapenos, the Jalapeno Yellow Tail roll is a must try.  Great wi-fi connection.  They are launching their own app in a couple of weeks to offer specials on cell phones through text messaging. Sounds like a great idea.
3	They have a great reverse happy hour,  10-close every night. Veggie tempura is so yummy and only $4 and the sushi is pretty good.  My favorite is the green tea ice cream!  It is hard to find a place with great green tea ice cream and sushi brokers has it.  The cons about this place is the horrible music. They set their music pretty loud too which just makes it worse. Also the service here is extremely slow.  Every timeI have been there for hh there has only been one server.  It gets pretty busy at this time so I don't understand why they don't get another server.  I get you want tips but the restaurant shouldn't sacrifice the speed of service in order to do that.
1	The Wontons (Crab Ragoons) were just awful...it was a shame to spend $7 on such a horrible appetizer. The California roll had a stick of imitation crab and the Sashimi tasted like it was very poor quality/cheap.The music was blasting so that I had to yell across the table to my boyfriend. The bartender was sitting at the bar, drinking with his drunk friends. Bottom line: I won't ever go back.
5	Oh, you little broker of sushi you. how fun you are. whats that? you dont like sushi? well. dont fret. they also have sliders. yeah. like chicken. and beef. and probably a spicy tuna slider also. but only if you ask nicely. i've only ever been for happy hour, and it hit the spot! we tried about 5-6 different menu items, all at least 50% off ($20 roll for $10? yup. 2 please). drinks are strong; who doesnt love that? probably the same person that doesnt like my reveiws because my witty banter is lame. ha! seriously though, its awesome. try it. you'll love it. trust me cause im trustworthy.
2	Over priced and small portions for the $$$. Don't waste your time or money . Service is average , .. More of a bar, no draft beers I find odd, Tons of better sushi restaurants in Scottsdale  and Phoenix !!! Just believe in YELP they rated this 3.5 , I should of listened to my friends:)..
4	I had a burger here, yes a burger at a sushi place kinda weird huh? It was amazing spicy and amazing.  Trust me please trust me.
1	Had a late dinner there last Friday night after a visit to the MIM. Hostess dropped us off at the table with the reverse happy hour menu. Server was very adamant about it not being reverse happy hour yet, so we shouldn't look at that menu.  Ahi tuna was not fresh, in fact quite foul tasting. I told our server, who said "oh, can I get you something else?" I said no, and ate around it, leaving it on my plate. She cleared our plates, gave us the bill with out taking off the ahi. You can't sell crap fish and call yourself a sushi restaurant.
5	I went to Sushi Brokers and scanned their QR code to get their free app.  I got a free $10 coupon with a $10 purchase.  TALK ABOUT A GREAT DEAL!!!
5	I have to say sushi brokers is absolutely incredible.  The sushi chefs definitely know what they are doing!  My favorite has got to be the Hawaiian roll.  Its to die for and not to mention the wonderful concoction of drinks!  Music is always fun and the servers seems to be having an absolute blast working there.  I will be back this is my new regular!
1	Sorry there's no 0. By far the worst I've ever had.... I usually don't write reviews, but I can't let this go.-iced tea?? Nope. Bubblegum flavored water.  That should have said they didn't have regular iced tea instead if serving me this diet, fruit flavored crap. Horrible. Thought I would get a sprite instead... Sprite sucked too, how do you screw up sprite. Ask them I guess. - gyoza (pot stickers)... Crap. I like them both pan fried or deep fried. They somehow screws that up too. - rolls... My GF got something wrapped in salmon. Bad move. LITERALLY drowned in lemon juice (means its old as hell). Can't taste anything but overpowering lemon juice. Also, only 5 pieces. Everywhere else on earth served 8.-price.... R u kidding me??? Wouldn't eat that stuff if it was free.     Just another (and worst) trendy Scottsdale crap hole. I read someone got a hamburger there. Red flag. Would you get tacos from Pizza Hut??    Don't waste your time or money. EVER!!
4	This place exceeded my expectations.  The fish was very fresh the night we were there.  The bartender was great and the fish portions were bigger then average.  I enjoyed the sashimi a lot more then the sushi and the rolls.  The quality of fish seemed better on the sashimi.  I would go back.
5	I love, love, love this place.  I wish they would come out to CA!  I crave the Diamondback roll and the Dynamite Chicken (which is like lean chicken cubes w/ buffalo wing sauce over rice).I try to visit whenever I am in town.  XOXOXOXO
1	Can't believe that anyone who's ever had quality sushi would like this place. This place would be out of business back in Cali. Not only is the sushi boring but it's WAY OVER PRICED!
2	Decent food but Over priced, small portions.
4	Just moved here last month from PNW and finding all the sushi joints around here.Came here for lunch so my review applies only to that.I am not really a fan of all the sushi rolls people order that have 18 different items and I typically order salmon with avocado and tuna with avocado rolls.First off, this place is fairly expensive for a sushi lunch but the quality is almost worth the price.They have some pretty neat looking sushi rolls (saw ones that look like lollipops) for those that enjoy that sort of thing.I rate my opinions based on the raw salmon and tuna and this place is very very good, but a bit more expensive than other sushi places around here.  I may have to come try their happy hour. :)(Kind of a sushi snob, coming from the PNW....lol)
5	The Surf and Turf roll is a real treat!
5	Never thought you would get a good burger at a sushi restaurant.....BUT Sushi Brokers has an unbelievable one!  Outstanding!!
5	Amazing sushi and even better Happy Hour daily from 4-6:30!  Ask for recommendations on house rolls.  The chimichunga roll (which every server calls "chimichanga") is awesome though a little spicy.
2	Bento box....blew.
5	Only ever been here for lunch... wish I could get out for a happy hour. The Sushi is great, and the atmosphere is even better. I try to order 1 different roll with every visit - so I can go through them all. I have never been disappointed with any of them so far. Caterpiller Roll, Lollipop Roll, and Samba Roll are my favorites so far. If you are into eye candy - this is the place to hang. Make sure to get a good seat with a "view". Only downside - tend to see allot of the 50+ with 25 and under types - and they are being a little to friendly to be father daughter. But hey - its Scottsdale!As for drinks - only ever had 1 - Fallen Samurai... which is their version of a spicy bloody mary. WOW -- it was good. I will be back - only wish I could go more often.
5	Best sushi we've ever had. We ordered a ton of food all was out of this world. Jamie was our server and she was fantastic. She helped make it a really fun night. It was a very busy and loud and vibrant atmosphere. Had a wonderful experience and we cannot wait to come back!
3	I have had better sushi. Too loud for me.
1	Happy Hour here is an actual joke. There should be rules about fair happy hour prices because anybody can say it's happy hour, but do you really mean it you sleazy restaurant owners. Yeah the Long Island ice tea is $4, but after I mention that the thing has no alcohol in it, waitress admits that they use a pre-made mix. Very expensive drinks and beers only garner a $2 discount and the worst items on the food menu seem to be discounted most, like Tempura crap and endamme. I don't even eat Sushi, but my very "scottsdaleish" date did and she ate a $15 roll for Happy Hour!  Yes, she is a golddigger, but even that roll should be discounted. I suppose I could write it off as Scottsdale pricing, but not for Happy Hour. No 2nd date and no return to this establishment. Oh, our waitress was nice, would have must rather been on a date with her.
5	I love this place. My mom and I go here almost every other to every weekend. Happy hour is a great time to go since most of the fancier sushi rolls are a bit pricey. I usually get the same thing every time and what I have tried is amazing. I've never tried anything else on the menu besides the sushi. My all time favorite fancier roll is the Las Vegas Roll so I recommend getting that your first time there 100%! A more planer roll I love is the Spicy Tuna Roll.
3	I enjoyed it, although a tad expensive for what it's worth. Very scottsdale swanky.I got the bento box lunch special, which is a pretty neat japanese idea. They normally do it with children's lunches, but they expanded it out to adult portions at this restaraunt. You get a specialty roll, rice, miso soup, salad, ginger, wasabi, and a little pile of cabbage. Pretty tasty, but $15 for one roll and a few small sides was a little pricey for me. It took a little longer than I had hoped to get service, but their iced green tea was good.Would definitely go back, but only if I made the wrong turn accidentally and missed Teharu, the revolving sushi place a mile away.
2	Not worth a re-visit.  If you're going to charge $13.50 for 5 pieces of sashimi, I'd like to be a hell of lot more tender and THICK..not the paper thin slices I was served.
5	Best sushi!! Love this place!
4	Had a business lunch here today, and I am not usually one to go for sushi. This place may make me consider it more often. Everything we tried was excellent and seemed fresh. A tad pricey but overall a great place.
5	Eaten high-end sushi in San Fran, NYC, Vegas..the Sanchez roll at Sushi Brokers in Scottsdale is the best roll I have EVER had... Great atmosphere, great wait staff... Highly recommend!
4	Good service, great rolls and good atmosphere for a sushi restaurant in Scottsdale.
4	Sushi Pizza - Enough said
5	Awesome rolls! Great service and music:)
1	This is my least favorite sushi place in the valley.  I think gas station sushi would have tasted better.  The edamame wasn't cooked properly and had too much salt, the tuna in the Alaskan roll tasted like it came straight out of a can, and the soda was flat.  The only thing that tasted okay was the water.
3	My wife and I love this place but were very disappointed to arrive tonight (our 10th plus time) only this time with our toddler. It was then we found out just how UNFRIENDLY Sushi Brokers is to families! No high chair or booster whatsoever in the entire place! What a complete joke. Get with the program so we can get our sushi fix!
5	This is hands down my favorite sushi place in town. I don't know why, but it is. Their sushi rolls are amazing, the fish is fresh -- and it doesn't have that "fishy" smell like other sushi restaurants. Sometimes the service isn't that great, but hey, it's always busy and the sushi makes up for it. Just make sure you have a little bit of time when going here. And here's a tip: Get the lollipop roll with the shrimp topping off the surfer roll on it -- pure blissful heavenly goodness!!!
5	AWSOME place!! GREAT food, full bar, super atmosphere,spectacular service!! Open until 11pm M-T, 1AM Friday,Sat!!
2	We heard this was a good sushi place and since we were doing a staycation at JW Marriott nearby we tried it. I was not impressed. There was nothing really wrong with the sushi but its way over priced and the servings are miniscule. I paid $14.50 for a caterpillar which was no more than 1.5" in Diameter and only 8" long. I could hardly find the eel in it. I paid $13.50 for some Yellowtail sashimi. There were 8, 1"x2" rectangles, and very thin. they wanted $3.50 for edaname! The place is nice. The service was good, but they brought my wife's entree about 5 minutes after my sushi so I had to let mine sit while we waited. I believe this place is higher than RA and not nearly as good.
5	I love Sushi Brokers! They have the BEST Happy Hour! Their drink specials are off the charts. I am not a huge sushi person.... However my best friend is... So good thing they have a diverse menu with lots of choices. Their burger is OUT OF THIS WORLD! I know right?? An awesome burger at a sushi joint... Weird right?? But it's delish! If you're in the area... Check it out!
3	More like a sushi club than a sushi bar. Nice ambiance, music is a bit loud. Not bad sushi but $35+tip doesn't get you very far. Friendly staff, very attentive. Absolutely try this Jasmine-green tea.
2	Over priced and under delivered.  The salmon was slimy and a bit too soft.  The food tasted bland as if its shelf life was within sight.  Overall I paid too much to wait as long as we did for the food to come out.  Won't go there again.  Sushi station on Tatum is much cheaper and has simple yet straightforward food which is as of equal or better quality as what I tasted there.
3	Short version: AWESOME FOOD (get the damn good roll and the surfer roll) but PRETTY POOR SERVICE (servers not attentive, mess up orders, super slow). Long version: I struggle with this restaurant because the food is a 4.5 - 5 but the service is usually a 2. The Damn Good Roll is mandatory for us as well as the Surfer Roll. Salmon sashimi and the Sunshine Roll are also great. The food is consistently good here. That said, don't come expecting good service. The servers typically (4 out of 5 times) don't check in on you, they mess up orders and don't apologize for the long waits or mistakes. It's unfortunate because this would be an awesome place and a solid 5 stars if t wasn't for the bad service. I go to the one in Arcadia about once a week, sometimes twice a week with my whole team and the service is a little better, and perhaps partially because it's not busy at lunch. We go to the Scottsdale location for dinner, probably once every couple weeks, and it is bad more often than not unfortunately.Their food is their saving grace here which is better than the other way around I guess. A little off topic, but if anyone at Sushi Brokers is reading this, find out how the severs at Hillstone are trained because their service is impeccable.
5	best sushi in az
3	As I sit here at Sushi Brokers and eat my 3 rolls I feel rather unimpressed with the quality of fish, rice and seaweed. It's certainly not the worst sushi I've ever had but it's far from the best. I would say mediocre at best, and with that I'm being generous. Not recommending. Not returning.
1	The food at this place is gross. I went several times and I was never impressed. I live with in a minute drive and I refuse to go here. I came here for dinner, I ordered a "specialty roll". I think I was served Fancy Feast cat food, I swear. I couldn't eat it. I actually lost my apetite I sent it back and didn't even want to order anything else. The music was good, the place is blah to me and the food is gross. I've heard good things from others about this place but its just not for me. I won't be going back.
5	This is one of my favor spot. You have to try  "surfer roll or damn good the name says all". Mango martini is really good. Recommendation go on happy hour other wise it will b a little  expensive.
5	I love this place. The sushi is always fresh which initially surprised me being in the desert. Definitely recommended.
5	I had the chance to head out to Sushi Brokers for lunch with some friends and it did not disappoint from all the reviews I've heard.  The Philly Roll and some Edamame were the perfect lunch combo, and the Crunchy Roll my friend let me try was delish also!The service was quick and we were back on time to work despite the hand made rolls, which is just an added bonus. Overall: AGreat rolls and friendly service - definitely a lunch time return place.
4	I love this place! I would eat here every day if I could. Great happy hour. Never disappointed with their spicy tuna, cowboy or chimi rolls. Spicy tuna rolls are actually SPICY and delicious! What a concept!! The only reason I didn't give them a 5 is because the service is almost always slow. I love this place so much that waiting a little longer doesn't deter me.
3	I went there on Friday with wife and friends to enjoy sushi and hangout . Sushi was good ...  But the MUSIC they BLAST ! So loud sucked ! I have been here a dozen times and like this place,  I go back and have to YELL at friends sitting next to me . I will find Another Sushi Place .
5	I'm a long time Sushi Brokers fan. I don't care that it's "so Scottsdale" (also a horrible name of a local magazine). You know how I avoid the crowd? I get my sushi to-go and eat it at home while I watch Girls OnDemand. I am not a total loser, contrary to the way that sounds. Although, my mother is disgusted by the thought of eating sushi to-go. Hey, it's my version of a home cooked meal ... a nice meal, you eat at home. Don't judge me. If you like creative rolls, this place is for you. I have eaten everything from duck feet to crickets, so my palate can handle a piece of raw fish. I just happen to also like rolls covered in mango and sweet sake. Really takes it to a whole new level, if you ask me. If you want to be a sushi purest, then please go eat sushi in Japan. I have, and wouldn't you know, they also have creative rolls. They have everything. The world is a very small place these days.
4	This place is great! The sushi was perfectly priced. The happy hour is great! the drinks seemed to be watered down a bit but we had GREAT service. I don't remember the girls name that we had but we told her we would stay a while because our flight was a few hours away. She had no problem with it and brought our food out at different times. I can't wait to go again
5	One of my favorite sushi spots in Scottsdale.  The food is awesome and great wine selection as well.
3	Foods is really good but I have to agree with others that the service isn't very good.  Was in around 6 pm on a Saturday night and place was fairly crowded but not overly packed.  Service at the Sushi Bar was bordering on frustrating which made it hard to enjoy the great sushi.   I guess they survive on the fact that they have a great location and excellent food.
4	Lollipop baby!
5	This place is my go-to sushi restaurant! It's not anywhere near where I live but I don't mind the distance at all! If you are a tea person, try their green tea with an orange slice. They are sort of pricey but you're paying for what you get. The staff is all really nice, they don't write anything down and also never forget anything either. It's always busy and loud at Sushi Brokers so I wouldn't recommend bringing your newborn baby. If you're planning on going on a weekend or a Friday night, make reservations, you won't regret it!
2	Food was ok ... I didnt think any part of it was special. We didn't take long to get seated. I asked for a menu as we had a kid with us that didn't want rolls or something from the happy hour menu. We never got one, despite the fact that the waitress tried to take our order twice and both times we asked for a menu. I finally grabbed one from the hostess. Then when the waitress saw I grabbed one, she made a shitty comment about how she needed a minute. Your other tables aren't my concern. I've asked twice. 3rd time, I'll get it. The friends we were with raved about Sushi Brokers. It was alright. Calamari was chewy, rolls were good, teriyaki chicken was ok, miso was ok, service yuck. It didn't grab me. Maybe another time ...
2	At best, this is a mediocre place for sushi.  The food was okay, nothing earth shattering, the service was okay, the server came when you flagged her down. The value vs. price of the items are below average.If you are from SF, L.A., or NY, and are used to their standard of sushi or sashimi in terms of selection or freshness, this is not the place which is contrary to the name,
4	All sushi is prepared right in front of you if you sit at the bar. The food is always fresh, and drinks are always cold. The California roll is made with actual crab and not "crab salad". Prompt service and a nice daily happy hour.
1	I can't comment on the food because we were unable to stomach the atmosphere long enough to eat there. The restaurant was empty and from the dark bar we were shouted at to sit where we'd like. The table we chose was filthy and when I pointed out that there was food all over it the waitress said that we had simply chosen the dirty table. Her temperament was clearly off and she was not happy to have patrons, although there was no one else in the entire place. We asked for water and waited for menus. The water glasses game smudged with prints and coated in food and we left without much hesitation. Very very disappointed in the service of such a "well reviewed" sushi spot.
4	This spots nice! I love the scenery and the seating the workers are amazingly nice and have a lot of energy to start a conversation with you the sushi is good but my favorite is the Burger. (used to be called kobe burger but not made with real kobe meat so they had to change the name) The burger is outstanding for a sushi spot like I don't get it I guess this place just has it all right! Good spot!
1	Tonight was one of the insulting, pathetic displays of customer service we have had.  My wifeis Gluten Free, and after clearly stating this to the server, and ordering a supposedly "gluten free" item (grilled mahi mahi on corn tortillas), they served the tacos on flour tortillas, and continued to insist they were corn tortillas.  The manager finally got involved and admitted they were flour tortillas, and the menu has a mistake.  For a Celiac, this is a pretty big mistake and can cause severe problems.  At this point, there was really nothing left to order except sashimi.  She also added on a salad, at which point the server asked if cucumbers are okay for gluten free!Clearly this restaurant needs to better train the staff on what this means.  The manager was also very unaccommodating and unapologetic.Unfortunately this is a place with decent sushi that we will never be in again due to their complete incompetence regarding accommodating special dietary requirements.
5	Loved the summer roll, cowboy/cowgirl rolls (spicy!) and the sliders were unique and good! Glad we ventured out from our normal spots while in Scotsdale and tried this place. We will definitely be back next spring break!
5	I've been here a number of times and I have to say I have never had a bad meal here. They have a great happy hour. The volcano chicken is great and a little secret is the ask to mix the chicken with teriyaki. it comes in sirhacha. Its great.  Its not too loud, the price point is right, and the best part for me is there is cooked food as well as sushi. I initially didn't want to eat here because I don't eat Sushi. I came for my friends. The cooked menu is great. Anyway, hope this was helpful.
5	This place has great parking, fun atmosphere and great food...what else could you want in Scottsdale?
1	Sushi brokers was my go to sushi restaurant  for the past 4 years. The service has always been terrible but I have been able too look past that as I favor all of their speciality rolls. This Sunday we went for Mother's Day and once again the service was terrible. Truthfully there are quite a few good servers out there I have no idea why sushi brokers consistently hires bad waitresses. I'm not a very difficult person but after 10 minutes with empty water and ice tea glasses, I finally had to ask the bus boy to please get us refills. This happened 3 times that night as our server was no where to be found. Anyway the worst part of the night and the reason for the review, was the food poisoning that I got within 30 minutes of eating. I have never been so sick in my life. We ordered the sushi pizza, the spicy tuna and the cowboy roll. All which contain raw tuna. We noticed for the first time that the sushi didn't have the usual fresh taste it normally does but ate it anyway. Big mistake. When dealing with raw fish you should be held to a different standard. I feel sick just thinking about how violently ill we got from eating here. Suffice to say we will not be returning and advising our friends to avoid sushi brokers as well.
5	Fantastic sushi and great service and convenient location ! Great parking too always busy but always a seat
4	Volcano chicken!! One of the best things on the menu! Gotta love sake bombs too. But seriously, love this place, service is good, food is good, vibe is good. The only weird thing is how the "bar" and "sushi bar" are essentially connected. Looks like everyone helps each other out there, I only say this cause I noticed different people filling up waters at our table. Been to this location a few times and the service is always consistent each visit. Would definitely recommend it!
5	This is the best happy hour in town. They have awesome sushi and an even better drink selection. Sushi brokers has very good wine at an almost store price which is unheard of for a restaurant. It is small so you will want to get there early!
5	wonderful lunch special. the tea is awesome. the atmosphere is comfortable, laid back, and inviting. if you're looking for a decent lunch without being too expensive, this place is perfect. recommended for anyone who likes sushi :)
5	Best sushi in Phoenix. Period. Get the Surfer & Damn Good... You will thank me later. They are amazing.
1	My husband and  I have been here in the past when our daughter was still staying in her car seat during dinner and enjoyed the meal. We attempted to visit there again and now our daughter needs a highchair. We were highly disappointed that the restaurant does not have any highchairs!!! Our daughter is well behaved and we would no better not to take her if she wasn't. We were very disappointed and will reconsider our choice in the future.
2	So disappointed.... smallest cuts of happy hour Nigiri I've ever seen in my life.... it was kind of funny actually.
5	Came here for a friend's birthday dinner and instantly fell in love... I came here during happy hour (3 - 6:30pm) and the prices were reasonable. Sushi was delicious. Good service.
2	Went here 2 times, once with a group and again at the whim of my mother and both times I was not very impressed. Sushi was americanized and not that good  and was rather high priced for as unimpressive as it was.
3	(Lyrics - Heart - All I Wanna Do Is Make Love To You)It was a sunny dayWhen it came into sightStanding on Scottsdale road, no fancy signs, no shadeSo I pulled up along inside andI gathered I tryMy friend agreed with a smileSo we sat for a whileI didn't ask for a drinkthis Bo Bites at the barHey tell me its rightIs this love at first sightPlease don't make it wrongJust stay for a biteAll I wanna do is go to Sushi Brokers with youSay you willYou want me tooAll I wanna do is go to Sushi Brokers with youI've got an appetite I don't want to hold on toSushi Brokers is a staple of North Scottsdale. I still remember when I first moved to Arizona and coming here for Sushi.I came for Happy Hour again as usual. Always great prices and drink specials! The service is top notch and very welcoming. Lovely hostess and waitress and the waiter and bartenders are always attentive. My gal pal and I ordered their Diamond, Spicy Tuna, Cowboy rolls, and some Calamari. I didn't really care for the Spicy Tuna or the Cowboy rolls. Just seem pretty basic, while the Diamond seemed fun, but in the end it was just a saucy mess; nice tempura crunch however. The Calamari came with a sweet and spicy sauce, I thought it needed to be a little more crispier and subtract the sweetness in the sauce; more spicy and thicker.In the end, Sushi Brokers always provides a great atmosphere. I didn't really care for the food, but if I'm ever in the North side for Happy Hour; I'll definitely stop by for a few! - Enjoy!
1	We were having a late dinner tonight because we needed to pick up kids after 11pm and my husband suggested we give Sushi Brokers another try. Well I wish I had read some of these recent review before hand or would have NEVER wasted our time and Money!!  We sat at the open Suchi bar @ 8:30 on a Saturday Night. After sitting awhile the Manager came from behind the Suchi  bar and pointed to one of the Suchi chefs  and said he is your sever. When we tried and failed several times to get his attention he did not speak To uus.  It was not very busy at this time and there were 4 servers/employees chatting in the corner which further frustrated us.  It was absolutely the WORSE service for mediocre food we've ever received.  We live in the north Scottsdale area and will NEVER return here again.   Too Many chances already!!!
5	This is by far the best sushi in town. They have all the old standard, but their specialty rolls are top tier. If you are with a group, you have to try the sushi pizza. Keep an open mind with this place and explore. You will be amazed at the flavors. Happy times. Give it a try. You won't regret it. Oh, btw, the happy hour is a heck I a good deal.
4	Great service.  Rolls came out in a timely. Only drawback is sitting on bar stools at most of the tables.  Prefer chair height for getting in and out of seat
2	Sushi was pretty good although overpriced. Atmosphere was nice,  comfortable booths. Waitress was a little snooty but got the job done. All in all, don't know if it's worth the price.
4	Probably the best sushi in north Scottsdale, hands down.  The selection of rolls is endless, the quality of them is top notch and they're not small either.  Some places will give you tiny little rolls, not here.  All the rolls are well portioned and should easily be split with another person if ordering more than one.Service has always been spotty as far as checking in with the tables but the quality of the sushi keeps me coming back.  I know that if I'm in a hurry, I probably don't have time to stop in, but otherwise, it's my first choice when in that part of town.
3	Surfer roll was good.  However, crab meat for other rolls was imitation crab.  Felt rubbery.
5	The Custer service and ambiance is top touch. We ordered the spring rolls as appetizers. They were very good. For dinner we had the Surfer and Cowboy rolls. It was so good, I over eat. No regrets. I would return and recommend this place.
5	Best sushi in Arizona, no doubt! Perfect service, really cool vibe and the sushi is AMAZING!!! Also, my brother hates sushi, which usually is a problem when me and my family wanna get sushi for dinner. Not at Sushi Brokers, they have a variety of things for non sushi eaters hahahaha. I moved from az and it's probably one of the things I miss the most! Haven't found sushi like that in Florida. Try the shrimp tempura, although there isn't something I dislike from their menu, this roll is my favorite!
1	I am astounded by how bad the sushi is here...so bad. The rice is like compacted cement. It is grossly over cooked and hard as well. Sounds impossible but true. I ordered uni with quail eggs it looked as if it were put through a blender and poured into a nigiri cup. Uni oozing down the sides. Needless to say I will never be back. I just moved to Scottsdale as a chef and I sure as hell hope my future experiences will not be as excruciating to my delicate pallet.
5	Went there for my birthday! It was amazing! They treated us very well and the food was outstanding! I gave it a 4 but there's no point honestly its a 5 out of 5! It was amazing! Worth every penny!!
3	Great sushi
3	This sushi bar is just so so. There isn't really anything that stands out about them other than their pricing. Their drinks and sushi rolls are definitely over priced compared to the other local sushi places in the area.
3	Very nice, helpful staff. The sushi, though, was limited in scope and less than great. I have never been to a sushi bar that didn't have saba. The bartender said that the closest thing was the red fish, which would indicate that the bartender has never tasted saba.
4	This is my go to sushi spot! If your in The neighborhood this place is worth checking out. I usually order their edamame, 2 Las Vegas rolls and a crunchy roll. I love their eel sauce and always order extra on the side for dipping. The only downside for me is their iced green tea. It's a little watered down sometimes and other times it's spot on, I wish it was more consistent. But it's not a big deal since their sushi makes up for it!
4	Came for a quick lunch on a rainy day in day in Scottsdale. I have been here before so I know they have an amazing love burger. I also tried their lunch special bento box.  I chose the surfer special roll. I have not been here in over a year and I am sorry to resort that the burger is not as great  as it used to be. The meat is tougher and the flavor is just not there.  It used to be one of the best burgers in ton.  :(I am very please that the sushi was amazing.  Super fresh and so delicious. The service was top notch. Next time I will just stick with the wonderful sushi.
4	I go here a lot mostly for the awesome Happy Hour. The prices on Happy Hour food and drinks are really the best in the area and I like that I can sit at the bar and have a nice, relaxing and delicious experience. The music is definitely a bit loud and the staff is pretty meh but the food and drinks are good and the prices keep me coming back. I would definitely recommend checking this place out!
4	Just got california and damm good... And yes, just all good sushis!!!Close to to the Marriott, a perfect stop with friendly staff for a quick dinner.
5	Seriously have never had a bad experience and I've been here at least 75 times.When to go: Lunch or Reverse Happy HourWhat to get: Sapporo & Sake, Surfer, Tootsie, Hot Lips, and fresh sashimi.  The Sashimi Salad is REALLY good too.
