4	It is only lacking the 5th star for the prices. They are a little too high for the amount of food - but the quality and service are the best you can find anywhere for breakfast food.  I went on a friday morning around 10:30 and still had a wait. I am told to expect a wait no matter what. Its a very good idea to check this place out if you are around town.
1	The prices at this place are ridiculous. They charge $4.50 for 1 pancake and the quality is sub-standard, several tiers below grocery store pancake mix; in the category of a failed home cooking experiment. Even if I was a billionaire I couldn't eat here as it would entail a contradiction; you don't get what you pay for, plain and simple.  It's a sad state when the supply and demand market equilibrium of the Mesa restaurant economy allows this place to stay in business; perhaps people in Mesa, AZ have low culinary standards, but I think people should demand more for their money.
4	I ate here with my family a few months ago and had a very poor experience. I wrote the corporate office a letter sharing my disappointment. I received a letter last week from the district manager offering her apologies and sincere sentiments. I was very impressed that I received an acknowledgment letter, and they even sent me a few coupons to boot. They won me back as a fan and now I know they are listening and anticipating the needs of the customer. My family and I will be returning there to eat more frequently now. Thank you Good Egg for listening and responding to your customers needs!
2	I have been there several times, and it was disappointing nearly every time. I ordered an omelet on two occasions, and it was way overcooked, and the potatoes were mushy and gross.I returned to try something else, just because I live very close, and the Bacon and eggs were quite good, however my English muffin was burnt (obviously as well, why did it even leave the kitchen) and the potatoes were their usual low quality.I would (and do) drive a bit further up the road and eat at TC Eggingtons, same money, infinitely better food.
4	I am not really a fan of breakfast places but this place was great. My omlette had tons of stuff in inside, the prices were reasonable (you can add bacon, sausage, pancakes, etc to any meal for $1 each). The menu is huge, the company I was with had a chicken salad sandwich, biscuits with gravy, and mushroom caps smothered with cheese. Everyone loved their meal and cleaned their plate. The wait time was 10 minutes for a party of 5. They always seem busy on the weekends and close around 2 so get there early!
4	After visiting this place a few more times, they have improved. The service has been great, and the food has been consistently better than before. Now really my only complaint is the three pages of rules that govern their frequent diners card. Every other place I eat at often you get a stamp per entree you purchase, and you can combine cards. The Good Egg is a little more picky, and only gives one stamp per visit, and you cannot combine cards.
4	It's no wonder this place is always crowded. I love the food here. Great place to come for breakfast on the weekends. If you don't wanna wait for a table, come early.
4	The food was okay and delightful. We waited for about 10 minutes. For a cheap meal this is the place to go. Noticed a lot more senior citizens around here.
4	Great food ~ good service. The coffee isn't very good though. Sometimes I grab a Starbucks just a few doors down and bring it with me then it is a perfect breakfast. Great omelets.There is often a group ~ especially on weekends.  Always happoy to see places being blessed this way ~ Blessings to them for continued success.  : ) KC
4	Solid breakfast no matter what you pick, can't go wrong and the coffee is always good - service efficient.
4	Very good, although most of out you could make yourself at home. The oreo pancakes are always a hit.
2	Panini sandwich was on the wrong kind of bread and very greasy and soggy mush, fruit platter was scattered fruit on a bed of wilted lettuce for 10 bucks. I asked for no butter on my toast and it had butter. The best thing was the bottled hot sauce on the table. I will not be returning.
5	Five stars on the service alone today; I really wish that I remembered our waitresses name, but she was the cutest bundle of happiness way too early in the morning! Awesome service, super helpful in our order, and down right genuinely happy.Food- five stars. Had the Healthy One (as always, I'm a subject of habit at the Good Egg) with a side of dollar pancakes. Delish.The Man had the Farmhouse; his words were silenced by the eating. He ate every bite than moved onto my leftovers. Devoured the pancakes like they were going out of style, woofed down my english muffins because they have blackberry jelly, and had four cups of Irish Cream coffee, A-mazing. One piece of advise, ALWAYS order the flavored coffee of the day. And if they have chocolate chip please message me; I'm in dire need of a fix!
4	Great food, great service good coffee!  They also have extra sides that can be added to your meal for a buck!
5	Mmmm mmm good!  After going today I'm mad at myself for not going sooner because I've been missing out!  I ordered the Monterey omelet which is 3 egg whites, turkey meat, bacon, tomato, avocado and cheese and it comes with country potatoes and an english muffin.  All of those things were DELICIOUS!  The textures and flavors of the omelet just blended perfectly together, soooo good!  The country potatoes were awesome as well, a little crispy on the outside but still soft and fluffy on the inside and they had a great flavor as well.  I'm getting hungry just thinking about it again so all I can say is go check it out yourself!
4	Nice breakfast/brunch place with energetic friendly staff, quick service, fulfilling the tons of Diet Coke quota/minute as is apparently typical for AZ, and a good menu of breakfast variations: found the perfect after workout meal with egg whites, salsa, turkey, and black beans.   Little pricey for the quality but really fulfilled the purpose and hit the spot.
4	I really like going here for a quick but really yummy breakfast.  It has a variety of options.  It would be nice if they had more Gluten free options, that's the only reason it didn't get 4 stars. Really good egg scramble combinations.
2	I think their food is nothing special.  In fact, I'd prefer iHop.
4	So far this has been my go to for all things eggalicious.The food is fresh and tasty and the service is pretty consistent.I highly recommend the "La Casa Potencia"  which is a protein packed dream.Grilled chicken, egg whites, fresh veggies and beans on the side.  Tortilla too if you're a wheat-eater.I just moved to Phoenix a few weeks ago, and I have been here at least twice a week.I should probably order something different next time!!
4	So I am going to let you in on a secret, sometimes (meaning once a week) I drop my kids off at school, ignore my other responsibilities for the morning and  go to The Good Egg for breakfast. I always know what to expect, great service, great food and great prices. They have yet to let me down. Can't wait for school to start again, so I can get back to playing hooky and hang out at The Good Egg.
2	Came here for breakfast recently.  Restaurant was half full, ambiance about what you would expect.Food was ok, nothing to write home about but not bad either.Service to the table was good.  Otherwise, it was weird.  During a 30 minute time frame there were two incidents of some kind of commotion at the check out about the bill or being seated.  Not sure what caused either but I did notice that the girls gathered around the front had a few laughs and comments about each one of those patrons and it was not endearing.  I heard portions of the second incident and the  workers were really not nice nor appreciative of the customer.  When it came my turn  to pay the bill I had the tip added but have a strong feeling my waiter will never see it and he was the one positive about this place.Cleanliness:  seemed okay on the surface but there was a strong soiled rag smell and it got stronger as they were clearing the tables.  Can the busboy not smell that?Overall:  seemed like quite a few workers for the amount of customers, and idle time is not helping this business.
5	love the pancakes!  one of our go to breakfast spots
4	Food is great.
4	Enjoying our free anniversary breakfast!  Love this place.Our go to breakfast stop.  Up @5am so we decided to treat ourselves.  Not as busy as the weekend.One of our favorite breakfast spots.
5	Ironically, as a cook, I can honestly say this place has really good EGGS. I haven't eaten at the restaurant yet but I order food to go weekly on my way to work. Monica, is always friendly and helpful with suggestions and goes all out with making sure nothing is missing in the take out order. They give a military discount with ID which I appreciate and I like their stamp program which provides a free meal after 7 orders. DOUBLE STAMPS on Mondays!
5	i eat at the good egg all the time.  service is always speedy and the food is great.  Everything on the menu is wonderful put my favorite are the wheat pancake with strawberries.
5	There are very few restaurants in the East Valley that give you nutritional/ calorie information for all of their menu items, and that is just  ONE of the reasons we like The Good Egg! Our favorite menu items are their Healthy One Crepes with the chicken breast, broccoli, and spinach that is topped with a light Hollandaise sauce...and the ( not so healthy but super delish) Lumberjack potato skillet with potatoes, bacon, sausage, ham, mushrooms and cheese topped with eggs. Not only is their food very good but their servers are always friendly and food prep is fast. If you want to go to a restaurant that has consistently good food and service, this is the place....and they have punch cards -one punch per visit so you can enjoy a free meal once in a while!
5	Awesome breakfast! Fast service, great food and always smiling faces. My friends and I eat here all the time and we are never disappointed!
3	I will give 3 stars only because of the service, the food is average at best I had cornbeef hash which was fair my eggs were served in a separate dish one of the yokes broke and sloshing around in the water of the serving boat  my wifes  omlet was ok but not very hot  she said her potatoes were uninspiring.
4	This is a great little breakfast place with lots of options to choose from. If you're going to come in the morning on a weekend you need to either get here really early or much later. Around 9-11 it is packed and their is a wait. Service is always really friendly and the food is very affordable. It has a neat little breakfast atmosphere to it with lots of open windows and that combined with the delicious coffee help to wake you up. We ate here many times when I lived in Mesa. Before I became gluten free my favorite thing to get was the banana chocolate chip pancakes. They are huge, enough to feed three people! The bacon is also delicious and the orange juice tastes very fresh. After I discovered I had a gluten allergy I was disappointed to find out I was much more limited. Even the appearing innocent bacon and scrambled eggs had gluten (from the egg substitute) so there is not nearly as much to enjoy here if you are gluten intolerant. If you are gluten free and looking for some good breakfast places check some of my other reviewsOverall, I definitely recommend this place for a good breakfast, especially if you don't have any allergy limitations.
4	Good Service, Good Food! Perfect for a pre-cardinals game breakfast!
2	The price is cheap but my food came out cold.  Cold eggs = fear of salmonella.  I am definately a fan of breakfast food but I came out disappointed.  The orange juice was fresh at least.
5	This is hands down one of the best places to eat in the valley. My wife introduced it to me while we were dating and it became a theme for our weekly activities. This wonderful place serves excellent food that can satisfy any craving from sugary delights of the cinnamon rolls to the meaty filler of the Lumberjack skillet. They even offer a variety of healthy choices  that will send you  into the day with energy and no regrets.  The food is is great and reasonably priced (especially if you take advantage of double stamp day). I must add that it isn't only the food that keeps drawing me back to this delectable  restaurant. Simply put it is the people. From the beginning of my experience here I have been constantly impressed by the manner in which the staff conduct themselves. They are friendly courteous; one might even say benevolent, but most of all professional. They serve in a way that is exemplary, quick, efficient, and experienced. This is where I want to go after a weeks toil to sit back relax, enjoy a fine meal, while being pampered just enough to go on feeling uplifted as if a little hop had been added into my every step. Eat hereSincerely
2	Haven't been in a while so decided to try it out. Service was great but the food wasn't what I remembered. Potatoes were cold. It was a weekday so not busy so don't understand why the food was cold. Not sure I'll choose The Good Egg again.
5	Stopped in here for lunch today, joined by Robyn N.  This was my first visit ever to a Good Egg, & I ordered a Club Sandwich which came triple-deck on 12-grain toast with bacon, ham, turkey, lettuce, tomato & Havarti cheese.  For the included side, I chose a bowl of Garden Salad.WOW!  Everything about this lunch was just perfect from the look & comfort of the restaurant to the table service to the gorgeously presented, delicious food!     :-))Club Sandwich with (choice of) side:  $10
4	The first time I went here, I was not impressed. I ordered my usual breakfast... Bacon, eggs over easy, and hash browns. The eggs were way over cooked and the hash browns were burnt. That experience aside, it's close, so I checked it out again. The castroville omelette is my go to at The Good Egg. Soooo good! Spinach, mushrooms, onion, tomato, artichoke hearts, and jack cheese. Get it! They are open from 6:30am - 2:30pm. It's generally chilly inside, so bring a sweater unless you like cooler temps.
5	First time eating here and I absolutely loved it! Reasonably priced and portions are pretty large! I, myself, ordered the Sunrise Benedict and was simply blown away with how delicious it was! Not only that, the hot tea they serve was amazing! Service was quick and servers are very friendly! This place exceeded my expectations!
5	Best breakfast place around here, for sure. Staff is always friendly and on to of their game. Plenty of menu choices and the food is always great.
5	Again, I just joined Yelp and live down the street from the Val Vista Center.  I eat the Good Egg at least once a week.  I love this place.  It is right next to the new BurgerFi and Starbux.  I love their veggie omelet.  Go early, because weekend lines are long!
2	Ok, so I want to be clear that this review is only directed at this location (Val Vista and Baseline), as I'm generally happy with the Good Egg in most respects. However, I have now eaten at this location twice and have found the food to be subpar and the service very poor. I ate there last weekend and first, it took forever for us to get coffee, which is pretty important on a Sunday morning, and to make matters worse, they just barely filled our pot enough for two cups, so we were immediately asking for more. I had the Hog Wild skillet, which is something I've ordered before and enjoyed. This time however, it was seriously cold, like weirdly so, and the potatoes were totally undercooked. To me, undercooked potatoes are pretty much the biggest food disappointment ever so nothing could save the meal
5	Keith is awesome!  So nice and friendly. Checked on us enough but not too much. Knew my order after only serving on me once before.  Food was hot and perfectly made, exactly as I specifically ordered. So inexpensive, excellent food with amazing service. Ya I recommend!
1	Being new to the area I was excited to try this place as everyone I know raves about it. We had previously had breakfast at the Gilbert house and decided to try somewhere else this morning, was that a mistake! When we arrived we were immediately sat but had to wait a good 10-15 minutes to get water. Ok I was so hungry that even that didn't disappoint me. After placing our order it was over 30 minutes to get our food ( on a weekday). But again being so hungry I was just ready to eat. As I began eating my plate my disappointment began to set in as it was bland and flavorless. I had eggs, potatoes and toast and my husband had the French toast and when both parties agree that the burnt toast is the best thing we ate, that is pretty bad because I don't thing you can mess up toast.  Service was ok, slow but not bad. The food on the other had needs major improvements! Won't be back
3	The Good Egg wasn't bad, but it wasn't memorable either. I would definitely compare it to an IHOP. There was no charm or character to the restaurant. The food was decent, but just a regular omelet. I'm happy we tried it out, but I don't think it's worthy of returning.
5	We visit this location 3 to 4 times a month. Love the food and the staff  is fantastic. Always friendly
3	So the service was fast, and food was good, buuuuuuuuuuuuuuut, one of the poached eggs in my Farmhouse Benedict was overcooked. That's my only complaint. Other than that it was fine.
4	Love the good egg! Been going for about ten years and this our new fav location. Dependable deliciousness by friendly staff. Yay!
4	The food is delicious!  Great menu options!  The staff is friendly. We have had friends come from out of town, and we bring them here for breakfast.  Can't go wrong.
5	Love love love their banana pancake and bacon. Mmmm. Great place for breakfast that is always good.
5	Always too notch service. We've been coming here for years. I no longer live in town but every time I'm in the area I bring the kids here for breakfast!  They love it!   Have never had an issue with the food or service in all the years!  Great family place.
2	Service decent, food bleh.  I can't figure out why my food tasted burnt, as it wasn't burnt.  I had the egg creps light, basically egg white omlette and it had zero flavor, will except for that burnt flavor.  Hubby had eggs and hash and said it was so so.  $45.00 later and we were less than impressed.
1	Had the sunrise Benedict,  with turkey and avacodo and it was horrible.   Last time for me here.   Service was friendly however breakfast for 2 $35 is a bit over the edge for me.   Poor value for poor food but with good service.
4	Delicious place.  I like a breakfast joint.  Chugging down restaurant coffee (theirs is good) and stuffing down omelets... or pancakes... whatever's your preference.Waitstaff is all really good, at least in my experience, and the food tastes better than mass produced corporate/franchise restaurants.I'd definitely go back because there's so much to try!  All kinds of delicious foods made out of healthy non-white-flour ingredients.  But a little extra syrup... yeah, I'd go that small mile.  (They have organic maple, too!).Ask they waitstaff if the animal you ate had a name.  Then say a silent prayer of recognition and thanks for that animal.  Right?  Everyone gets a kick out of that!Thanks Good Egg!
5	Very good! The service was fast and efficient! Food was great. The traditional breakfast was on point and so was the berry Amor pancakes. I like how fresh everything tasted. The crepes were good as well. Definitely coming back again. More creamer though please! :)
5	Can we say YUM!!!!! Wow this place is now one of my top favorite breakfast places to go to! Food was amazing ! I had their biscuits and gravy, home style potatoes, 2 over medium eggs. Everything was cooked to perfection!!! Keith was out server & he was great! Amazing personality. Great recommendations on food!!! I like how he left pitchers on the table so we didn't have to wait to have out drink refilled. I will be back !!! This is by far my favorite breakfast place I've ever been to!!!!!  They have inside and outside seating. I'm trying trying to type more because yelp is stating that my post is average in length;however, I really only needed to put that this place is a MUST GO !! :)
