5	I'm very excited to discover that Los Dos Molinos has arrived in Ahwatukee! If you've been to their other locations, you know they're known for excellent (and spicy!) New Mexican fare. From experience though, you can find less spicy items on the menu, if that's your preference. But I recommend to try the hot stuff!They have 4 locations in the Valley, but this is definitely a family business. The new location is open (in the Safeway Plaza on the SE corner of Chandler & 40th St.), and seems to be doing a brisk business. Since they don't yet have decent signage, and haven't been doing much advertising, it must be mostly word of mouth bringing people in.Tonight I went to check the place out - but the wait was too long, so I will return soon for a proper visit. I'll update my review as soon as I can! It's interesting to note that Los Dos Molinos is located very near to Secreto's New Mexican restaurant. It'll be interesting to see what sort of competition ensues!The hours are:   Monday dinner only 5 p.m. - 9 p.m.   Tuesday - Saturday 11 a.m. - 2:00 p.m. and 5 p.m. - 9 p.m.   Sunday 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.Enjoy!
4	It is great to have Los Dos in Ahwatukee!   What a great addition to the community.    The food it great.  The people are friendly.I would love to give them 5 stars, but they'll need to quickly get the folks trained and they need to finish working out the start-up issues.
1	My wife went for pickup. COmpletely disorganized. Called in or at 545pm. Said 20 minutes. She got there at 6pm and waited until 635pm. No comp or anything from manager and restaurant was bustling but not busy.Bartender apologized several times & was friendly.Food was bad. Did not resemble any of the great food we've had at other PHX & NYC locations. THe beans were so salty they were nearly inedible and the enchiladas were not anything like the ones we've had prior. The chicken's consistency did not inspire much confidence.Either they are still getting organized (3 months later) or something is very wrong at this location. Maybe it's just the Ahwatukee restaurant curse. Go across the street to Secreto instead.
1	Terrible and unorganized.  I think everybody was excited to have Los Dos in Ahwatukee but after giving this place two chances I'm over it.  I won't go back.
1	Love the location on Alma School!!!  Hate the location in Ahwatukee!!!  We showed up at 7:30 on a Saturday night.  There were about 5 groups waiting to be seated.  The hostess was so rude- told us if we didn't have a reservation we would not get seated as they were full.  We asked about the bar- thinking we could have a drink and maybe they could squeeze us in.  She told us the bar was full too.  We saw one empty chair and they definitely had standing room behind the seated guests which we would not have minded.   I guess they didn't even want our bar business.  The atmosphere is horrible too- carpet looks like  it came from a hotel.  Go to the Alma School location - or downtown- and save yourself a headache.
1	Horrible food and really bad service. We were told by the manager that the 1/4 inch of grease that my burrito was laying / swimming in was because the food was authentic. For more authentic Mexican food your better off going to Fillibertos or even Taco Bell and saving your money.
1	Went on CINCO DE MAYO, the world's most popular day to EAT, DRINK, and ENJOY anything (wink wink) thats spicy or from south of the border.  Ok- so we never tried Los Dos before and kept hearing amazing things about this place.  We were so excited to hear about its new location in Awhatukee since we live in the area.  We walk in around 3pm...Ambiance: It was dark, put our name in the hat and there was a hour wait. ok fine, we drank on the patio patiently while listening to the speakers outside play COUNTRY MUSIC (at a mexican joint???)Service:  Bar was out of corona??? (on cinco de drink-o???) yet, about an hour later we saw them being served to customers inside.  Salsa- ok, so the salsa was bomb. and super HOT!! caliente! I felt in the next day after my morning coffee.  i'd go back for the damn salsa.Service ONCE seated... we got sat down and were handed paper menus that were all wrinkled from having water soaked in them a few times then dried out.  We sat down and 2 seconds later our server asked what we wanted to order.  We said we were still deciding and he asked "DECIDING WHAT? LIKE WHAT TO ORDER OR IF YOUR GONNA ORDER?" basically- attitude.We left our table and walked out the restaurant.  LOS DOS is phoenix i hear is amazing though?
1	I had heard and experienced great things about Los Dos Molinos' other locations. Fun, great food, excellent salsa...just why you go out for Mexican food.Living in Ahwatukee Foothills, I was ecstatic that they were coming to my 'hood. Went there with wife and kid...basically, and I'm NOT EXAGGERATING...the worst Mexican food, worst service, and worst experience I've had EVER!! This is NOT an exaggeration.From the looks of things, seems like others who have reviewed this restaurant all say the same thing. After waiting a few minutes, we were seated. 2 house margaritas, 2 waters, and a sprite for the kid, please. Back come 2 margaritas and a sprite...no water. Then we preceded to wait another 20 minutes, at least, before we had to flag down the girl to bring us our waters. Then another 5-10 minutes before our waiter ever came to our table...a full 30 minutes after being seated!Not in a rush, we didn't think too much of it, so we ordered, and waited. When food arrived, the cheese "crisp" for the kid was soggy, not crisp, and barely warm. The chicken taco for the wife was a full boneless chicken breast slapped into a hard taco shell with a little lettuce and tomato on it. When tasting it, it was dry as a bone.The carnitas plate for me was...well, let's be generous and say it was OK...if OK = crap. It was bland, dry, the tortilla smelled like char because it was burned to a crisp...it was horrible. Where's the taste?? All I tasted was pepper.I don't think I've ever complained about a meal before, but I asked for the manager. When Brent came over, he was abrupt, rude, and made excuses for the food. Hey Brent...I don't care if you know what happened back in the kitchen...I care that you are going to fix my meal to make it at least a little bit edible. Instead, Brent had to be asked to take 2 of the 3 meals off our bill and listened to our complaints with barely an apology. Whatever.Overall, disappointing to say the least. I should have consulted Yelp and seen all of the other negative reviews of those who had the same experience, and thought better about it. There are many other Mexican food restaurants in Phoenix, and the area. This one, obviously from reading the reviews here, is not run with the same care or professionalism that the other Los Dos restaurants are. I have to say I'm offended by the meal and the treatment I received, and I will not be returning to another Los Dos....EVER.
5	If you're a  Taco Bell lover,this isn't the Mexican food for you.However, if you love a little (or a lot) of heat and authentic Mexican food, which is carefully prepared, this is IT!My friend had the pork and I had machaca, and both were absolutely fabulous. You can taste the wonderful flavors in every bite, and can tell that great care was taken in preparing our lunches.In talking with the owner, it appears that there have been some service issues since this location opened in December, but apparently, those issues have been resolved. The restaurant is very nicely decorated, and although they were somewhat busy, we had great service and a perfect meal. If only Los Dos Molinos were in Scottsdale....
2	I've always enjoyed the Los Dos on Central Ave, but this location was a disappointment.  It seemed rather disorganized.  We went on an off night, so there wasn't a wait, but the service has a little off and the food seemed saltier than the Central location (which is plenty salty as it is).  Too bad, as I was really excited that these guys came into the neighborhood.  Maybe it will improve as time goes on.  I hope so.
5	Third time is a charm!  The first two times we were at Los Dos in ahwatukee, it was aweful!  The third time, was wonderful.  I guess they had to work out all the kinks.  The service was great, the food was excellent and everything was enjoyable.  I will continue to go to this location to support the ahwatukee community.  Good Job Los Dos!  Keep it up!!!!
5	so we went to the original one in PHOENIX!!!!!!!!!!! OMG!! it was so great and 100% opposite of ahwatukee's!! great service, great atmosphere, great FOOD oh- and NO country music =-) !!!! i ordered the carnitas (DELISH) the bf ordered some rib dish of some sort- i dont really know because my face was eating and LOVING my own dish.  i was MUCH happier here!!! GO!
5	WOW, my meal was fantastic, atmosphere was great, kinda small, relaxed, their food was stellar!!!! I am SUPER picky when it comes to food, absolutely loved my chicken burrito, I literally gobbled it. They should however have warning labels on their Margaritas....I had the Mango Margarita and about midway through my meal realized that goblet got me trashed. By then I had already ordered a Prickley Pear Margarita...ooops...def really good drinks, but they sneak up on you. Great place tho and kid friendly!
4	Spicy is the word to describe the food. Its delicious though. Every person that works there is friendly and is willing to help you. If you're snobby and meaningless things like a menu are deal breakers and great food doesn't matter then go to a chain restaurant and leave room for true food lovers! I eaten there three times and plan returning several more :-P
2	Atmosphere...Dirty. Tacky. Poorly Lit.  They had half of the restaurant closed...but for no apparent reason. Service...mediocre, at best.  The bus boy and bartender were great, our waitress was one of the worst I've ever experienced.  We had to ask three times for silverware.Seating...We had a party of 7, and were sat at a table that was meant to seat 4.  They added extra chairs, but never thought to push an extra table up, even though they weren't even remotely busy.Drinks...Good.  Strong and tasty. Food...Spicy but cliche.  Nothing that really sets them apart, adding some extra chiles does not an amazing meal make.  The "fresh" chips were burnt and rancid. I've had better food with exponentially better service nearly everywhere else. I doubt I'll be back, especially not to this location.
5	YEA!! Finally a Los Dos in the Tukee!! Machaca Chimi is the best and it was even better than I remembered. The service has always been mediocre at all their restaurants but the food makes up for it. Can't wait to go back for happy hour and have one of those delicious margaritas!!
1	Overpriced and over-spiced. Ha...seriously though, just because you make the food spicy doesn't mean it is any good.  Anyone can add chilies upon chilies and peppers to any food.  I enjoy spicy food, but the food has to at least be good first.  Typical mexican food with chilies and heat added to a point of if anything did have flavor it is now hidden.  The interior is a mixture of someones southwestern nightmare and cheap utensils.
1	The only thing good about our meal was the prickly pear margarita and the fact that the manager comped the food because we complained. The enchilada was so hard it was impossible to cut and contained no cheese inside - the shredded meat in the taco tasted like it was made several days ago. The chips were dry and not very tasty - also seemed stale. I would say that this food is some of the worst Mexican I have ever had - I would rather eat Taco Bell and that is saying a lot! Oh and they closed at 9 on a Friday - I would give them 2 months.
1	We just had dinner there tonight, man this place was a dissapointment.  I ordered a 15 dollar pork rib platter.  The tortilla it came with must have been a day old, the beans were nasty, the ribs themselves tasted like absolute garbage, like they were crockpotted all day with no seasoning at all and had more fat in them than the lady sitting next to me.  Had 3 bites and asked for a box and left.  This is not the same Los Dos Malinos that's on Central, that location rocks, the menu here is totally different and the food was gross.  $4 dollar beers, overpriced food, this place won't last long out here unless they get their stuff together quick.  I would rather have ate some rankass Fillibertos carne asada burrito than what I just had for dinner tonight, I'm starving Im going to Mcdonalds to get this taste out of my mouth.
4	I was glad to hear that Los Dos had opened a restaurant in Chandler.  As always, the food is only good if you like it hot and choices for those that don't are limited.  However, the restaurant is nice, the service is great and the food is, well, hot.  If you like any of the other Los Dos locations, you will not be let down by this one.
2	Ugh... what a disappointment!  Atmosphere was a little blah in my opinion.... had a cheap feel to it.  No lunch menu so we were force to pay dinner prices $34 including tip.Chips were okay, but both the green and red salsas were awful!  I don't even know how to explain the flavor... no bueno!I ordered the Chile Relleno and my girl ordered the enchilada/taco combo.  We weren't impressed with either dish.  Mediocre at best.Everything seemed a bit over seasoned (and maybe just not seasoned well)... Really unfortunate because we were hoping for a good Mexican restaurant close to home :(
3	For the price the food was good, not great.The salsa is good but too hot. I like hot but I think being too hot masks the flavors.The menu was "temporary" whatever that meant. They did not explain but it did seem very limited. Not sure why.
3	I just had to give this local spot a second chance.  The 2nd time around I knew what to avoid and asked the waiter/bartender for suggestions.  He didn't lead me astray!  I had the Carnitas Platter that was packed with a plentiful serving of moist flavorful pork (actually about 3 servings).Their tortilla was scrumptious on its own and the rice & beans  were simply irresistible.  My hubby's chicken burrito with red sauce was a little too hot for even this fire breathing dragon. Again, you need to know what to avoid on this menu.I'm not a fan of the decor here, I think they need a make over from the original Va Bene design so, I strongly suggest a Carnitas Platter with extra tortillas to go!
4	Fantastic! The carnitas plate is incredible... Salsas are tasty and fresh. Great for lazy Sunday brunch.. Will go again for sure.
1	Los Dos used to be one of my favorites New Mexican restaurants years ago.  The Chandler location opened up recently and I was very excited since it was close to where I work.  Here's the short:Poor service, food was WAY too salty.  I was greeted as I was coming into the restaurant with who was to be my server flying out the front door.  Almost hit me in the head with the door. Once we were seated I noticed the menu was labeled as "Temporary".  Not sure what that meant. Anyway, I asked if the meat in the burrito was chunks of pork or shredded.  the answer I got was "Shredded chunks of pork", and after a closer look I noticed pork was not even an option. After several more questions it was obvious the server (who I think was a manager, wasn't dressed like a server) didn't know the menu at all, so I just ordered what my girlfriend ordered.The food came out hot and in an acceptable amount of time, but after the first bite I noticed the extreme saltiness. Everything was really salty.  Main dish, beans and even the rice. I couldn't eat even half my plate before I went back to the chips. When asked if I wanted a to-go box I kindly declined.We sat at the table with napkins over our half eaten plates for at least 15 minutes before she came back and cleared the plates.  Another 15 minutes passed before I had to ask another server for our check.The most obnoxious part of this experience was when I paid. They use a modified iPad to electronically sign and fill in the tip.  I thought that was cool until the server stood over my should as I am about to fill in the tip.  Well, I wasn't planing to tip so I just signed it.  The server then pointed out quite clearly that I did not leave a tip and walked away. I thought we were done so we got up to leave.  As we were walking out the door she chased me down to give me my receipt and to point out once again that I didn't leave a tip.  Really? Take a hint lady!Anyway, It became obvious to me that our visit ended in the same fashion it began; with that server/manager person running out the door after another customer walked out with leaving a tip.If you like salt and poor service, this is your place.
5	I think this place has really settled in since it opened. They have a set menu now that is smaller than the Mesa and Phoenix location, but I really have enjoyed everything I have had there.  The food is very spicy so be warned.  Even the salsa they give you is usually very very hot.   The two owners are usually working the restaurant during lunch and they have always greeted me and been very social and fun.  They seem to really like the place and want you to have a good time.  On the weekends make sure you call for reservations and you should have no problem with seating.  I took some friends there one friday night and I didn't get our servers name, but she was very entertaining and made the whole night a blast.Things to try:- Guacamole ( A +++)- Chile Reno ( my favorite )
5	This place has great food margaritas and service I love it!!!!!
5	Yummy. Great New Mexican food. Spicy just the way I like it. There are  dishes such as Garlic Shrimp that are mild, but why when you can have braised ribs with enchilada sauce with home made corn tortillas and spicy red and green sauce. Not for the faint of heart. your nose will run but the flavor is well worth the little heat you will experience. Thanks Brian for taking us here. We'll be back I hope.
2	Now take this with a grain of salt because I only came in for drinks.  Elaine B and I stopped in for a quick drink before book club one night and were excited to try the finally open Los Dos.  We sat at the bar and waited a good 10 minutes to be served by the bartender who was blatantly ignoring us.  We finally got her attention and ordered our beers.  She brought us some chips and salsa, it was average at best.  We finished our drinks and paid and Elaine B noticed the next day when checking her bank account that she was grossly overcharged.  Never again.
4	Hot, spicy, and tasty food. A little slow on the service. Waited way to long to get water and drinks at the table while the ladies were burning from the hot salsa. I recommend this place just be ready for a loooong dining experience.
4	We have been going to the other Az Los Dos locations for 15 years... This one has some logistics to work through but the food still rocks! We would come back - def make reservations for dinner if you plan to go- bound to get crowded once people know it's here
5	Fabulous! Guacamole is fresh and perfect. Pork Roast burrito is amazing. Salsa is very flavorful.
4	I gave it 4 starts ONLY because of the food, NOTHING else. If the service, restaurant decor etc was good too, it would have 5 starts. 5 Starts for food, 2 stars for service, and 2 for restaurant overall. I never been here until some co workers told me about it. I went the 1st time with some co workers. a good party of 8 people. I read other review, it looks like an italian restaurant. You could tell they did nothing well at all to open it. Lobby is TINY. Decor sucks. dining room too quiet and full with no music, TV or anything. Silence. Food was GREAT! Warning though, everything is really spicy!! but it is so good. LOVE the salsa. i had a red chile burrito with chicken, AMAZING. i wish I had more rice on the plate, but good. Still have their weird "temp" menu, but still good choices. I just went again last night with my partner. The waiter who was also the bartender, I believe ignored us because he went to a table of 4 before us and we were way before. the bus boy took care of us, beginning to finish. the bartender, waiter guy came over once to see if we were doing okay and we said yes so thats how I could tell he was supposed to take care of us. He asked if the other guy helped us. a few younger "servers" walk around there with shorts, toms and side way hats. I like the casual atmosphere of staff, but when you have no personality and no interest in helping, it doesnt make it more fun. Come here for the food, NOT the service. it lacks really quite a bit. No one was rude, just are bland as a robot. Looking forward to going back. I may try the PHX or Alma School one to compare.
4	My boyfriend and I ended up here on an early Saturday afternoon after our favorite sushi place let us down with their inconsistent hours.....again....and since we were scheduled for a house showing nearby, we decided to try something else in the area. I do believe, once upon a time, I stumbled upon this establishment in search of some better, close-to home Mexican offerings, b/c lets be honest--Arriba's is nothing special--however, i don't recall seeing such a positive review for this place so i was a little skeptical to go against my fellow yelpers, and to trust my boyfriends "better" judgement. Nevertheless, we arrived and were promptly greeted and brought to our table. Granted, they had just opened, so it's not like they were doing much else. I was a little taken back with their menu, as i truly expected menu items such as what you'd see at every generic Mexican restaurant...and their pricing was a little higher than expected....i admit, i was a little curious, and slightly ready to walk out b/c me and new things, well, lets just say we're not well acquainted. Now, if I weren't in a good mood, i'd take away a star for the lack of communication skills our server had, outside of telling us their food is "hot"....later confirming, he means spicy hot AND temperature hot. Great...because a) i don't like cold food, and b) i suppose it's always good to know things are naturally hot before dumping extra salsa on my food for some extra heat. WHEW! I digress....So here's how it went-waters to drink (I was fighting a cold...so i can't speak of their bar tending skills....although i will say i was delightfully surprised with their selection and overall decor. very nice)- chips & salsa:chips weren't soggy/greasy, were warm & had nice flavor while the salsas were kickin' with heat and very flavorful....and most importantly, didn't like as though it came from a jar!-boyfriend ordered chicken enchilada and added green chili, and i ordered a blue corn tamale with some weird named spicy pork that i don't remember:both were ordered a la carte, and were sized exceptionally well. I don't know how people could make either of those a combo with rice and beans, because i struggled with one measly tamale. But don't let it stop you from trying!I whole heartedly was blown away with the amount of flavors that came pouring into my mouth with this tamale. Even with a cold i could taste them, and the spiciness was there without being too intense that you couldn't enjoy the meal. boyfriends had cheese, so I couldn't try any and fill you in, but his empty plate and constant praise is a HUGE indication. And because none of you know him, let me just tell you, he NEVER raves about food...ever. We will definitely be going back, maybe for dinner and add some cocktails just to see how much game this place really has. But give it a shot...i'm glad i did!
5	OMG, blow my socks off.  The number 3 with green sauce will make your mouth smoke...in a good way.    The best authentic mexican food in ahwatukee.  Spicy - yes.  If you can't hang, don't step in the door.
2	The food is way too spicy.  Thankfully, I got a soft chicken taco that didn't have any sauce on it and that was quite good.  Still, not amazing.  Find it so hard to believe that this place is so renowned.  $30 for lunch for 2 with no drinks and not that much food seems insane - and half of our food was way too hot to eat.  The atmosphere was very lack luster.  Unlike other folks experience, the service was good but, I won't be seeking this place out again.
1	The WORST service ever!  We showed up early on Thur night for dinner with some family and when we entered in, we literally waited over 10min to be acknowledged.  Add to that that when we did get acknowledged, it was by some guy that hurriedly told us that they were closing early (it was before 8 and they close at 9) that day and couldn't serve us.  *Are you kidding me??*  We were all really hungry and would hav never expected to be turned away that early for closing plans.  The door outside said 9, therefore you should stop allowing customers at 9, not an hour before - Truly disappointed and peeved.  Never going back!!
1	Perhaps this was just a BAD night but I don't think so.  When we first walked in we there was no one to greet us.  We waited, and waited, and waited and then after about 7 or 8 minutes a young man dressed in jeans (under his but with his boxer shorts showing) without smiling said "how many."  No joke!We wanted to sit in the dining room but apparently there was some private function going on so they sat us in the bar where the lighting was brighter than the sun.  We then (after about another 5 minutes) were greeted by male server who placed chips and salsa on the table.  And HE TOO was wearing his jean below his but with his underwear in plain sight!  I kid you not!Overall, the service was poor at best... they were under-staffed and we had to get their attention for everything - water, more chips, more salsa, etc.Oh, and we ordered a soup appetizer that they served at the same time with our entrees and thought nothing of it.  No apologies, no nothing... whoop, there it is!Now the food... Wow... so salty and so bad.  I mean so bad that I can't even talk about it.  My meal, the "stacked enchiladas" was barely even edible.  I mean so salty it was almost sickening.  Honest.  Perhaps there was a fill-in chef this day because there was clearly a mistake.  And I could go on about the soup and the other meal but it really isn't worth it as it was all poor.So very disappointed as we were told how great this place is/was.
4	I would have rated Los Dos Molinos a strong 5 stars if it weren't for the service.  In the three times I have been to this restaurant, the service has been so-so.  There is usually no one in the front to greet you and it does take a few minutes for the server to come to the table.  However, the food does not disappoint!  It is certainly spicy, but the spice does not mask the flavors.  I have had the adovada tamale, the machaca burro and the relleno dinner.  Every dish has been exceptional and the people I have been there with have also thoroughly enjoyed their food.  I would certainly recommend this restaurant to others, just beware that, a) you'll need patience and b) your sinuses will be cleared.
1	Poor service, poor quality food and the place was FILTHY!My wife and I made the bad mistake of going to Los Dos Molinos for dinner on 3/21/2012.We  had to ask for silverware, chips and salsa, water and drinks. After I stopped another server and asked for water, the manager Brent walks over and asks "how we doing tonight, folks". Bad mistake on his part because I let him know that I usually go to location on Central Ave. and expected the same level of service at this location. He tried to explain that they they were understaffed and the place was really busy. WRONG, the restaurant was half full. At one point we did not see a server come into the patio area for 9 minutes. The food was of poor quality. I ordered Shrimp Veracruz and my wife ordered Chile's Relleno. Bland, tasteless overcooked food. We could have had better quality at Baja Fresh or Rubios.On the Patio was an open garbage can, top off, also stacks of dirty dishes on table. Both of these close to the eating area. As I walked through the main part of the restaurant to go the bathroom, I observed food scraps littering the floor. When we left some time later, the garbage was still on the floor.That was out first and LAST time at Los Dos Molinos on 4025 E. Chandler Blvd. With the hundreds of Mexican restaurants in the Valley, the poor quality of LDM was suprising.
5	First off, I am pleased to see them come to our neighborhood. My dining companion "Ahwatukee F" and I stopped in there recently for a late lunch. Having previously been to their South Central location a few times in the past, I expected delicious, very hot food, but with service that is, to put it mildly, "disengaged" at best. I was right about the food, but completely wrong about the service we experienced. First the food: Chips and two salsas were to our table very quickly. The salsas, a red and a green, were visually appealing, fresh and wonderfully hot. (I thought that the green would be milder than the red: Another error on my part, but one I can live with!)  We started with the queso dip, which the server said was made with five different cheeses. It was superb.For the mains, I had a chicken burrito with red chili sauce enchilada style. It was succulent, very hot and magnificent. (After a fork-filled sample to Ahwatukee F, she declared it the best shredded chicken she had ever tasted. And her mother was born and raised in Sinaloa!) Ahwatukee F had a slow-roasted pork burrito with green sauce enchilada style. That, too was beyond spectacular. Yes, the food is spicy hot. and Yes, you may sweat and/or have a runny nose. But if you really like hot foods like we do, you will keep eating and eating it until you run out of room. Now the service:Simply put, from the host to the server to an engaging gentleman behind the bar who was sharing his plans for serving tacos on Cinco de Mayo, everyone could not have been nicer, nor more attentive. Overall, Five Stars! We will be back!Confession: I did find the iPad Point-of-Sale check out a bit awkward. I would rather contemplate a tip without the server standing over me. P.S.: I got a belly laugh over another review here that states, "The food is way too spicy." Perhaps a warning is needed for the folks from Minnesota, but anyone who knows the name Los Dos Molinos or New Mexico-style food should expect as much.
1	Wow, so disappointed. A few people I work with told me how great this place was, so I finally decided to give it a try. I am personally a huge fan of Los Taquitos Mexican Grill over on Elliot but hey, I'll try anything once.My daughter and I went in, just after 5pm, to be greeted but no one. Finally a guy walks out of the back and seats us. We are sitting in the bar area which is fine cause the place was empty other than an older couple sitting in the back corner.  We got our chips and salsa and wow, just, yuck. The runny green one tasted like raw garlic and the red pasty one was hot but flavorless. After looking over the menus we were both shocked at the limitation of it. My daughter asked the server the difference between the regular tostada and the guacamole one, she was told the regular one was just shell and beans. She questioned about lettuce and tomato and he said, no, maybe, sometimes to make it look nice.... I am sorry, WHAT? I ordered a chicken Chimichanga with red sauce, the red sauce tasted like powdered chili power and chimi itself was soggy with dry chicken in it. My daughters guacamole tostada was soggy as well. The rice and beans side dish, that they charge 4 bucks for, was disgusting, the rice was clumped together with congealed cheese on it and the beans looked like the Ranch brand beans directly out of the can.Service was so slow, but I did see one of the bartenders and what was either the owner or manager chatting with people who were seemly regulars. All I can say is never again, I'd rather go to a 'hole in the wall' like Los Taquitos for good quality food, than this over priced wanna be restaurant. The outdoor patio and table service don't make up for the crap food and horrid staff.
3	Horrible service! I read about others' bad service but was hoping for a good night. I thought I was invisible. Our order was to go, and half of it was missing, the other half was wrong. The order was ready and waiting and I was in there for a total of 25 minutes, waiting for an ipad?.  The food was not terrible but not worth the wait, inconvenience and missing food. I will never be back and I hope others will reconsider.
1	Saturday night, no manager on duty. A staff that is forgetful, can't admit their own faults, and adds bogus charges to the bill. Nickle and dime you for everything, no free refills on anything, at all. Overpriced entrees and drinks. Bean staind table covers. Resulting in the worst mothers day dinner.
5	Wow we just ate here last night and it was really good with good service. If you like spicy food don't miss out on this place!The carne adovada relleno is wonderful.  My wife had a special they had for mothers day and she said it was one of the best meals ever.  Honestly don't know what happened on the nights where others gave bad reviews it was most certianly not our experience.
1	Close the store before you get a worse rep:2 Negro Modelos, 1 Ice Tea and Burro Plate - I miss Eddie, his daughter and Tony!!! If you do not know what I am talking about then stop reading now, you are not a long time patron of Los Dos. I have been going to "The Los" since before they accepted plastic. Eddie and his Daughter would carry my baby Boy and Daughter, enuf with the back ground.Now to the management of this place in Ahwatukee: Take your place and jump in the lake. I have tried to like this place over and over and over again. Been there 10 times and the best I can say was it was marginal in over all experience. Today broke this camel's back and I am never coming back and I am going to tell everyone of today's experience.A friend and I walked in there at 4:15 today hoping to have a few drinks and appetizers. Since I have a very bad back we walked into the bar area to sit in the booth in the corner next to the kitchen. There was 1 customer at the bar and 2 customers sitting at a 4 top table. Two server like people where in the bar area and did not say a welcome or anything to us. As we walked towards the booth one guy (could not tell if he was management, kitchen help or what) asked if he could help us, we said we were there for some drinks and food, he asked us if it was just for two people and I said yes but we would like to sit at the booth, he said it was reserved already (WTF!), there was only 3 other customer's in the place but I assumed the "people" who had it reserved where on their way. So we decided that my friend would sit at the bar and I would stand. When we walked up to the bar both the guy who told us we could not sit in the booth and the other employee walked out of the bar area. 4 minutes went by, then another 4 and then finally the other employee "GQ Looking Young guy" asked if we, "wanted a drink or something" as if we insulted him just being there.We ordered drinks and got a basket of chips and salsa and talked while we went over the menu. We talked for so long and ate almost the entire basket of chips before the first guy who told us the booth was reserved asked us if we were going to order food. I ordered the green chili burro with beef and it was supposed to come with a side of beans for $11.After we ordered I went to the bathroom and the mens room was as hot as a sauna and there was not a soul in the dinning area. So the only patrons where the ones that were there before.My burro came with out the side of beans and the tortilla was not cooked all the way ie. it was gummy and kinda opaque. I was so hungry that I looked passed the uncooked tortilla and started eating it. It was acceptable but not great. No one came and checked on the food and I had to beg to get more chips and salsa. In the mean time no one came to use the booth that was "reserved" (which made me even more happy to be treated like a red headed step child no offense to Red Heads).So we asked for the check so we could get the hell out of there. When it was presented I asked if the beers had been discounted for the "Happy Hour $1 Off Pricing" (of course at $4.50 i would have guessed not). I was right "GQ" Guy did not give me the happy hour pricing. I was not going to leave any tip but I just cant do it. I know money is scarce in the food and beverage industry and I still try to walk in other peoples shoes. I did find out that the name of the guy who told me I could not use the booth was Mikey and our server was Corey. If I was a video camera I would be replaying the entire visit over and over again so you could see it.So it is going to be a while before I even can say "Los Dos" with out cursing. Coming from the food and beverage industry and other service industries hurting in this trying time makes this all the more painful.Save your money and your feelings, because this place could care less if you walk out of there with a good experience or not.If I ever have to have another dose of Los Dos I will go to the Central South of Baseline location and pray they have not lost their love for making people feel welcome.This really pained me to write but my anger over came it.
5	Authentic Mexican food, SPICY, and delicious. Everyone else, just get over their paper menus, not a big deal, so cry about it somewhere else. It says on it that it's a temp menu anyway. Service has always been good, it's a kind of hole in the wall place so I'm not expecting perfection anyways, just good authentic food, and that's what you get. You don't like it, go across the street and get your "Mexican food" from a certain other place! Ring a BELL?
5	One of the Arizona things we miss most after moving to Southern California is regular doses of great food from Los Dos Molinos.  Back in the day we frequented the Mesa and South Mountain locations and enjoyed the food prepared by Victoria and her family.  Today we dropped in on the newest family location in Ahwatukee and were delighted to get reacquainted with Cheryl and her staff.  Everything was wonderfully prepared and piping hot from the kitchen.  When we inquired about a favorite dessert that wasn't on the menu  -- fried tortilla strips powdered with cinnamon sugar and drizzled with honey -- Cheryl offered to make them for us special.  What a great ending to an amazing lunch.  The food exceeded our pleasant memories and we couldn't have been more warmly greeted.  No menu recommendations are needed because everything is flavorful and uniquely Los Dos!
1	In the past I have really enjoyed the Green Chile Chicken Burrito, but after a MASSIVE price increase in May, I will not be returning. The aforementioned item was $9.50. The price has now increased 33% to $12.50. I might add, this is an ala carte item and was not enchilada style. Simply a burrito and a little lettuce for aesthetics. When i asked the server, he said they raised prices across the board by,one-third, shortly after Cinco de Mayo. Want a margarita? That will set you back $12-15. Really? Simply overpriced!
2	As a regular customer of Los Dos Molinos over the years, I thought I'd give the Ahwatukee location a try even though the Mesa location is closer to home.Upon arrival, I noticed the happy hour banner draped across the outside of the restaurant that advertised $1 off all drinks from 2-5pm.  My first thought was how disingenuous!  Kinda hard to take advantage of that happy hour when you work 9-5!Since I was alone I sat at the bar and noticed some margarita glasses filled with pork rinds.  I didn't try one as i thought I'd wait for the chips and salsa.  I sat down and the fedora wearing bartender gave me a rather chilly reception, asked if I wanted a drink (I ordered a draft beer) and then he proceeded to bring me a menu and some chips and salsa.  Upon reviewing the menu I was hit with sticker shock!  I had tried to view their menu on their website but the link says "menu pending".  Had I seen the menu prices online I would not have come down here!  maybe it's a way to bait customers into coming in?  The bartender said something to the effect that "there are some price differences vs. the other locations."  Maybe their high prices are due to area demographics?I ordered the carne adovada burrito which when served "enchilada xmas (red/green sauce) style" brought the price to around $15 with NO rice or beans!  While waiting for my order I asked one of the bartender/servers if he could change the channel to the D'backs game and his response was "in a minute".  This typifies the service at Los Dos Molinos which has always been subpar.My order arrived and the food was spicy and tasty though the burrito was on the dry side.  Checkout is performed using an ipad which if you've never used one of these was a little awkward.  The unit I used had a crack on the display which tells me margaritas and ipads don't mix!$21.06 for a burrito and a beer!!  I won't be returning to this location.
5	Awesome!!!!
4	Very good food and wonderful service!  Great place to go! Highly recommend! :-)
1	I was a regular every Friday afternoon for lunch.  I went in on a Friday for Happy Hour and after sitting at the bar for 45 minutes I was told I had to move by the bartender.  When I asked why? The bartender told that 2 people that come in more than I do are going to take the seats we occupied.  When we moved to our new seats, I told the bartender that I thought that was rude.  I was then handed a bill and told that I did not need to come back.  I have brought numerous people into this establishment and spent almost every Friday there for lunch for about 6 months straight.  Sucks that I will not be going back because they have good food.  The service is terrible.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE! We will not be eating at this location every again! It is worth the drive to Mesa to get better service. They are not consistant and charge for chips and salsa which is a big no no when it comes to mexican restaurants. While the food is great, we cant go to this location anymore because we always leave in a pissed off mood. Save yourself the time and money and hit up one of their other locations!
2	I like to sample new restaurants in the area in which I live and so I ventured into Los Dos Molinos in the Ahwatukee Foothills village.   Three words:  One and Done.The food is too salty and only mediocre.  The staff is unprofessional and sour at best-- apathetic at worst.  Does anyone care at this place?   Water cups went unfilled until we asked for a refill to save us from the overdose of sodium intake.  We had to beg for the server to give us a check.   Does anyone notice when a group is finished eating and is ready to go?  Pay attention staff!The only positive thing about Los Dos Molinos is its location.   It's in the same shopping center as Safeway -- where you can quickly get over-the-counter remedies to cure some indigestion and plenty of rolls of toilet paper to supplement the meds.Never again for me.
1	I like the idea of supporting a mom & pop restaurant, but these lunch prices r outrageous. Just a chicken burro with tomatoe, guacamole and green sauce was $16. The high price would have been okay if the taste was amazing. But, it did not taste good. It was one of the most bland burros I have ever had. And there's an old carpet smell when you first walk into the bar area. This place needs a good airing out, steam cleaning, price and menu update with tastier dishes.
1	Walk in and the place smells like a group of people urinated on the carpet a long time ago.  Next, the food was overpriced - to say the least.  Here is our example:  I had a tortilla, with egg, beans, cheese.  The price: $13+tax+tip.  We would have walked out immediately if not for the restaurant.com coupon.  When we saw our bill we were shocked:  the tiny cup of green salsa that normally comes with a burrito: $3.  A tiny bit of guacamole inside the burrito:  $4.  Even with a $15 discount we wound up spending $12 each for the crappiest (cheap tasting ingredients, awful general taste) lunch I have had in a long time - in budget friendly Phoenix  The only other diners looked as if they were old enough to have lost their taste buds, but I doubt they will be back either from the look on their faces.  There must be drug money flowing to keep this place afloat.  We were treated so shamelessly that even if I rarely spend time to write a poor review I took the time to write this one.  You will find that positive reviews here are from a previous ownership.  This really deserves 0 stars but the minimum is 1.
1	A few weeks ago I took a friend out to lunch and decided to try Los Dos Molinos on Chandler Blvd......what a big mistake!  Ordered a burrito which was dry and not much flavor.  The salsa was way to hot.   My friend didn't like what she ordered either.  The food was way overpriced for what we got.  We both wished we had gone to Taco Bell instead!
1	While in ahwatukee last night for a music festival, we decided to go try Los Dos as it came recommended and was very close by.  We were greeted right away and were given a half moon booth to squeeze into.  A gal came and took our drink order and our soft drinks came out right away. A house margarita took 15 minutes. Yikes. To say that the service was slow would be an extreme understatement. After finally getting our margarita, our real server took our food order. I got stacked enchiladas, wifey and daughter each ordered a green corn tamale. Also, a ala carte taco and beef flautas. I asked for a side of honey as I had to cool my mouth from the ridiculously hot green salsa.Here's where it gets bad, real bad.  The honey comes in this little black ramekin, color is key here. I dipped a few chips in the honey and had succeeded to cool my mouth off, when i saw a small black ant type bug crawling on my hand. I simply squashed it and was about to dip another chip when i saw several dozen ants doing laps around the ramekin.  After killing as many as I could find, I called the server over and told her what was up. She was incredulous that there were any bugs and took the bowl away.Oh, our food was still MIA after 25 minutes. During that time a manager type came by with the server in tow, and asked the server while standing at our table, "Is this the bug guy?" She proceeded to explain that she had personally prepared the honey bowls only an hour prior and that she couldnt believe that there were bugs in the bowls. Thankfully the server had looked into the ramekin when she had taken it back to kitchen and found more and told the manager that there were indeed bugs.  The manager made no offer to comp or toss in a dessert or app, i guess cause our food was still mia.Ok, i guess we should have left, but we were starving and our food finally came:  My stacked enchiladas was very average, the best thing in the plate was the rice.  The tortillas were so tough, i had to use a knife to cut them. The two green con tamales, well.... i could only tell that it was a tamale because it was served on a corn husk. The cook had chopped it up into some unrecognizable mush that was bland whose only taste came from the overdose of hot peppers.The beef taco was reported to be ok, but again it was so spicy that it took away from the taste. The best food item was the flauta, no one can screw up a deep fried rolled up corn tortilla right??To sum up, over priced, bug infested, super spicy to cover up the lack of taste, very long delays and rude manager. Never to return. I will try and keep as many of my friends from going as well.
5	Absolutely delicious.I can't believe this place is sitting at 3 stars.  Makes me realize the rating system is not a perfect science.  I am told that this is "New Mexico" cuisine, meaning they use Hatch chiles in most of their dishes.  Whatever they do, it works.  The two house salsa were spicy and flavorful.  This was followed with a carnitas dip and pork tamales that were fantastic.  Tamales are typically 80% corn and 20% meat.  These were 80% meat.  And the pork was slow roasted, tender and delicious.I had the Carne Adovada burrito, which was chunks of pork marinated in red chili.  I was completely stuffed but the food was so good I powered through like I was in a competition.  Everything was homemade.  The sour cream was fresh and had spices in it.  I also had a fresh fruit margarita that was perfect.To top this off, they were playing oldies on the radio (ex. The Four Tops) that were jamming.  Much better than the typically mariachi band crap.I live in LA so I feel like I know Mexican food.  But this blew me away.  It's a hidden gem.
2	My gf and I recently went there for a friends birthday.  We showed up a little late after most had already sat down.Drinks took close to 15min for a coke and margarita.  While waiting for drinks we tried some of the hottest salsa we've ever had. The salsa was so spicy was so spicy most of the table left it alone after a few bits.When we were about to finaly able to order it took close to 40 minutes for our dishes to come out.  I had a chicken chimi and she had a chili relleno.  Both were  very plain and pretty boring.Overall the food is a average and the service is terrible.  Los Dos Molinos in Ahwatukee is living on the name of the other locations.
4	Firstly it not Mexican. It's New Mexican. Secondly. Its good. Very good. Almost everything is spicy hot but with care some items can be ordered that are not. This may actually be a five star place for food quality. It's close.
4	Been here 3 times in the past few months.  Have had a variety of menu items, it's all fantastic! Service is hit 'n miss though and ipad for credit card signature is awkward.
1	Visited Los Dos last Thurs. night - had family visiting from out of town and they wanted "real" Mexican food. We had never been to the Ahwautukee restaurant, but were excited to have something closer than the S. Central location.Horribly disappointed pretty much sums up the whole experience - the food was good, but the service and atmosphere was awful. The restaurant was only moderately busy - 4-5 tables occupied, there appeared to be several servers, but our guy kept disappearing for 10-15 minutes at a time... There were 6 adults & a child in our party. We had called ahead and made a reservation, no one greeted us - we waited a few minutes, finally someone came up and we mentioned we had a reservation - no recognition or acknowledgement of having called ahead. We waited 5 minutes for our server to take drink orders, 10 minutes to get drinks, 10 more minutes before he came back to take our order, 25 minutes to get our food. Had to ask someone else for more drinks, salsa and chips as the server never checked back on our table. We had to go look for someone to find our server to get our check once we were finished. We were seated right under a ceiling fan turned on full blast - had to ask to have it turned down and the Christmas music playing on continuous loop was SO loud we couldn't carry on a conversation without shouting.Food was nice and spicy, but the atmosphere and service were so bad we left disappointed and resigned to the fact that this would not be our new "go to" Mexican restaurant.
5	This is my favorite New Mexican place ever! I am a huge fan of Mexican and no place does it better. The food is spicy, so beware but that is also what makes it awesome! I binge chip at this place and drink the salsa, and I always ask for extra chips to bring back home for snacking (even better if I have leftover beans to bring back too). SO TASTY! SO SPICY. YEA! A great place for lunch or dinner. The tamales are best! I like the chicken and the pork. For lunch I usually order off the a la carte menu and get a side of beans which is a lot of food for a lunch that ends up costing less than $10. If you are really hungry, go for the burrito...it's huge! I can't stop thinking about their tamales. I am having one for lunch today.
2	Three words, service, service, service and this place sucks at all three. I mean horrible. Stopped by for drinks and appetizers at the bar - only three other patrons in the whole place and it still took 15 minutes for a beer and margarita. Longer on refills. And there are 4 people just standing around. The Manager, at least that's who I think he was, lose the baseball cap and sunglasses- seriously, this isn't your living room. Owners, wake up and visit your place, this is going to go under.
1	So I was shopping at Trader Joe's and remembered I hadn't had lunch or dinner, it was now about 8 pm so I broke down and went over to Los Dos Molinos. I had heard it was great food, and as usual, I took that with many grains of salt. Let's say I wasn't disappointed because I expected nothing special - but I did expect it to be edible - it barely was.To start I ordered a margarita, the house margarita which was almost $10. God awful, so I asked the girl behind the bar to add some 7up to it - then more ice, then more ice, and it was still syrupy, limy, nasty sewer water disgusting. Then came the chips and salsa. Even worse. Maybe "Authentic" Mexican tortilla chips are supposed to be as hard as wood-chips, but that's not how I prefer them. Broken teeth is not part of a pleasant dining experience. The salsa was gross,  some smoky-spicy garbage and other green nonsense, nothing fresh or flavorful. So now I try to salvage this dinner with the guacamole. Mind you, I was starving, otherwise I would have left already. The guacamole was a good size portion and wasn't that expensive (everything else was) but again, it was very bland. I ate it all because I was ravenous.By now I wasn't even halfway through my margarita when I ordered a beer. I didn't want to soil my dinner with that margarita sludge, and the Shrimp Veracruz looked tantalizing and authentic. So the bartender brings my beer - but doesn't bother to ask about the 2/3 full margarita sitting there. I never touched it again.The entree arrives, not the biggest portion, but enough, and it looks good. But it was quite bland. I was expecting it to be flavorful, at least spicy, but nope- no imagination or care put into it. This place is quite typical of the Phoenix area - mediocre food with poor service. I can only blame myself for even giving it a try.
1	Horrible service! Food was horrible! Worst Mexican food ever. Plus they over charged us! Minus a star!!!
5	Chips salsa food drinks service seating ...... All get 6 stars
4	First, let's get this clear: Los Dos is *not* a "Mexican" restaurant.  It is "New Mexican."  So if you're expecting whatever your idea of Mexican food is, you'll be confused and disappointed.  No soft tacos, no fish tacos, no big piles of tomato and lettuce with a side of sour cream.  Even the chips and salsa are different--the chips are thicker and crunchier, and the salsa is thin.  And there is no *mild* salsa.  I do not recommend this place for vegetarians,  nor is it for folks who don't like spicy food.  I also do not recommend their margaritas, unless you're okay with paying 10 bucks for a weak, too-sweet drink--to be fair, I like my margaritas the real, old-school way: tequila, triple sec, lime juice.  That's it.   But beer lovers should find something they'll like.If you're smart, you'll steer clear of the pedestrian fare on the a la cart and combo menus and order from the "chef's specials" section.  I highly recommend the chile relleno with adovada and the chile plate with machaca.  Of course, you can customize several of the dishes by selecting whichever meat you want--chicken, adovada, machaca, etc. The only non-spicy option here is the carnitas, which I never order because I love the adovada too much to pass up on it.The plates come with beans (very good) and rice (okay), and the servings are huge. The tortillas served on the side are thick, chewy and the perfect vehicle for sopping up all the spicy, gooey goodness on your plate.  I always end up needing a to-go box, which I invariably send home with my partner--one "cheat" a week is plenty, thanks!The servers have always been friendly on my visits.  Last night, we had a very sweet young man who was as attentive as we would want.  The kitchen and the bar can be slow, though.  So don't expect to get in and out quickly.  The only thing that I totally disapprove of is the way the bill is sometimes presented.  Depending on how busy they are, sometimes the waiter brings you an iPad sort of device, and then stands there while you sign your bill.  I don't have an issue with going digital.  My problem is that the screen basically demands that you select from one of three pre-set tip amounts--I think it's 18, 20 and 22%.  I find that incredibly tacky, presumptuous and very awkward, since the server is standing there, waiting for you to finish with the device. So I hope that the owners of this location are listening: Some of your guests may not know how to calculate a tip, but please don't insult those of us who do.  Do not impose upon our judgement of the service.  If you're *really* worried about your servers being screwed over by angry/cheap customers, make sure your employees do their jobs well, and/or pay them better.  Thanks.
2	I read all of the reviews here and although most were not favorable, we decided to give it a go. We are regulars at the Mesa location, love it and will keep going. The food here was good, but the service at the Ahwatukee location is dreadful. Nice hostess, very accomodating. Margarita order was incorrect for both rounds. We ordered the stronger ones and did not receive those on either round. Not a big deal. They apologized both times. Received food, no utensils or napkins. We sat there and looked at our food for quite awhile. This should not happen, ever. Very difficult getting water here. The sauces are hot, water requests should not be difficult to fulfill. The other locations give you a pitcher of water, this place has decided against that. We waited forever to place our order. We finally flagged down the waitress who got our waiter. It is just really bad service, non existent. They are all friendly enough, just not accomodating. The staff here really needs to go to a different location and see how to take care of guests. The food was fine, but a dining experience is more than food. Do not deliver food without utensils. If drink orders are incorrect and you acknowledge that, offer to correct them. Keep water full. Check on guests after they receive food, do not dissapear. Staff your restaurant a bit heavier on Saturday night.
1	This used to be one of my once-a-month spots, but not anymore. Normally I get the Chimichanga, which comes with a side of guac and sour cream for somewhere around $11. Today I tried the burro, a la carte (no rice or beans). I missed the side of guac and sour cream, so I ordered it. The burro was $8.95. The side of guac and sour cream was $6.50. How does that make any sense at all? No, the server didn't inform me of the added cost when I ordered it. On top of that, the service was absolutely horrible. I had to flag someone down to order. There were only 2 other individuals in the place, and they were at the bar.  So when I got my bill for $21, needless to say, I was furious. I frankly am ashamed of myself for paying that and leaving a tip on top of it.  I informed the bartender (because my waitress was nowhere to be found) that I would not come back. He didn't seem to care.  I am certain this location will not be in business for long if this is the way they continue to operate. What a shame.
5	Looking for some spicy, flavorful, Mexican cuisine chased with a great Margarita or an ice cold brew? Then this is the place to go. We've frequented the South Central location for years and we're so happy to have them put one in Ahwatukee. The only caveat is to be sure you are ready for some spicy food, if not, ask for one of the more mild dishes or you might be sorry. I was talking to the owner Cheryl last week and asked if she made Chicken Mole and she said yes, the best. She then offered to whip it up for us sometime but to let her know a couple of days ahead of time so she can get all the ingredients together. I let her know right then that if she could do it for next Friday I'd be there. I'm from New Mexico and have lived most of my life in AZ so I've had many opportunities to try pretty much all Mexican dishes and find that Tamales and Mole must be the most difficult because they are rarely as good as I expect. That being said, the Mole at Los Dos Molinos is either the best I've had or as good as the best and that was backed up by the others who ate it in our group. THANKS for an excellent meal and "kick ass" margaritas!
2	I heard a lot of great things about this place but was sadly disappointed. The margaritas were not impressive and I felt like the food was all heat, no flavor.  Thankfully the service was really great!
2	Location is nice and near other shopping so it's convenient enough.Atmosphere is is kind of vacant of life. The only employees who seemed happy were the bar tenders. A lot of brickabrack adorning the walls. We were surprised there could possibly be another location bc this one looked so thrown together and accumulated over a million years.Chips were thick salsa was so hot you can't taste it. The Verde had some nice flavor behind the fire. I even asked for a milder salsa, which I never do, I usually want the hot. However she never brought it. My stomach burned before my food came.Food options seemed boring. I always get a combo plate to test a place out. I ordered a beef hardshell taco and a chicken enchilada. I don't know if the food was also on fire or if my mouth was still from the salsa but it was difficult to finish my food.  The beans and rice were good. not spicy. My son (15 months) was able to eat them just fine. My stomach was burnin' before we even left and I'm no stranger to mexican or spicy food.Our server was sweet but seemed terrified (maybe she was new) My order was wrong and she didn't bring the salsa I requested but other wise she was just fine, nothing amazing. The bartender offered my some crayons and tried to interact with him which was nice.I have heard great things about this place but we didn't hit the bar scene or the patio so maybe thats where the magic happens. but as far as family dining and what my palette prefers, I wont go back. For the bill they brought is an iPad to sign off on that only have 18, 20 and 22% tip options...and the waitress stood there as we chose her tip...it was super tacky.For perspective I prefer Garcias/Abuelos/Villa Luna for chain style and Los Tequitos for hole in the wall.
2	This was my second visit to this Los Dos Molinos.  The first experience was fairly good with good food and decent service.  This one I can't comment on the food because we never had our order taken.  It appeared there was one waitress and one bartender and one busman.  Chips and salsa were brought promptly and the salsa was excellent as always.  However the waitress never came by to take our order.  After about 15 minutes we left for Arriba's where the service was excellent as always.
1	This place needs to do something about their service or lack there of.  We ate here right after it opened and the service was terrible.  We wrote it off to being new.  We went back last night to give it another chance. The place was not busy and we sat on the patio.  We were brought chips and salsa and told someone would be right with us.  15 minutes later we still had not had our drink or food order taken.  We ended up leaving and went to Abuelos where we had wonderful service and food.  We will not be back which is too bad because we live in the neighborhood!
4	Probably the BEST moistest, flavorful, awesome chicken burrito I have EVER eaten even after living in San Diego for 3 years.  I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but there were several staff there that as far as I could tell were just there to exist, but the there were 2 male servers that were doing there best to keep everything running.  The salsa is spicy, but also very flavorful.  I will visit this place again.
1	Wonk - wonk - wonk...Don't come to this restaurant if you are hungry apparently.  After waiting over an hour for food our appetizers came at the same time as MY meal.  My husbands dinner NEVER ARRIVED!!! Luckily it wasn't on the bill.  I asked for mine to be put in a to go box so we could go home and make him something.  My soup was put in a styrofoam container which meant that soup leaked out all over my car, it stunk like bad food for a few days.If you have to go there either eat ahead of time or skip it and go to Secretos across the street.  Better drinks and service.
5	From Washington State, but love spicy mexican  food- so we had heard of this place and even went to their soft opening over 1 1/2 years ago- for me wonderful- not really true mexican, but New Mexico- big flavors and spices - you Taco Bell fans- just go on about your business. The green chili stews and burritos enchilada style are really terrific. ,My wife had their tostada and she said was her best ever. For those that complained that server had IPAD and was waiting for tips etc.... That is the wave of the future for security... Lots of credit cards compromised when server disappears with your credit card... All the airlines using same systems (POS) - protects YOU- I know I'm in the business- good for you and the business. Anyway- GREAT place- I admit it's always a little better when the owner is cooking- she's wonderful
4	My husband and I ate here Friday and we were impressed.  I'm a wimp when it comes to spice and this place was spicy!  (But that's a good thing!)  We bought a groupon for this restaurant, and we've decided to buy another one!   We shall be returning!
1	The food is decent, albeit spicy. The Kick-Ass Margaritas pack a whollop! A few weeks ago we went there and it was a great experience. Reese was our waiter and he was attentive and friendly. I gave that visit a 5 star rating. However, last night was horrible and I'm pissed we spent $80 for two of us. We sat on the patio (because the live music inside was awful and too loud). They sat us on one side of the patio that was so dark I had to use my phone to light the menu and to see my meal. And the fun began- immediately adjacent to the patio there was a crew using a loud pressure washer to clean the kitchen floor mats. That lasted the entire time we were eating our meal. We had to yell over the motor noise. We told the waiter (as did other patrons) how obnoxious the noise was but there was nothing done to stop it. I agree with other reviewers- the iPad payment system is awkward and tacky.Overall: Good food- if you like spicy- but get it to go. I won't be back.
5	Be Prepared for Excellent Spicy Flavor!!! I really like spicy and the food is very flavorful. I'm kinda bummed to see so many negative reviews due to the spice content because they are proud of their spicy content. I personally have been many times and each has been an excellent experience to my palate; I try something new each time I go too. But don't go with a Gringo tongue if you don't like spicy then complain after getting burnt, kinda like being mad if a bear bites you after poking it.
3	My family came here a little over a year ago and had a pretty awful experience, so I have steered clear of this place for a while. My brother had a craving for Mexican, so we decided to give it a second chance. We went on a Monday around 5 so there very few other patrons. We were given prompt service and asked whether we wanted a booth or a table which is nice! I also liked that they immediately gave out water- I remembered from my first experience that they didn't bring out water until after the chips and salsa and I thought my tongue was going to burn off. Now that I knew how spicy the food was, I wasn't caught so off guard. However, I do think they should offer a milder version, since it's almost impossible to eat the salsa. My mom and I split some sort of plate/sampler and a guacamole appetizer. I found that I was actually able to eat the green chile sauce as long as I followed it up with some guac. My brother really enjoyed his enchiladas which also came with a green chile sauce. I agree that the iPad system is awfully tacky- I've seen other shops use an iPad just fine, but the waiters need to not announce the total of the bill and have an option to write your own tip. Overall, our second trip was a million times better than our first, although I will still probably never come here again, not with so many better options out there.
4	I like Los Dos Molinos.  A restaurant.com offer got me there in the first place.  I thought the food was good and selection was fine.  The two salsas brought with our chips were spicy and spicier.  I would have preferred a non-spicy or citrus salsa with the spicy one.  Our food was good. I ordered a raspberry margarita, which was not very raspberryish.  When the manager came around to ask if everything was ok, I mentioned my drink.  He took it away and when it came back it was delicious.  For dessert, I recommend the Sopapilla with honey.  A little messy but oh so tasty!  There were 5 in our party and we were surprised that they added 18% gratuity.  Our server was very good and we probably would have given him 20% had they not taken the liberty of adding it on already.
4	I am a big fan of this place.  The food is excellent and the service we have experienced has been beyond friendly and first class.  I read some reviews that said the service was so so - but our food was reasonably quick, it was good and staff were wonderful with our kids!  Even gave them a cheese crisp shaped like Mickey Mouse and some balloons to take home.This Los Dos is further away from my home than other locations, but when I am in that part of town I will be stopping in!
2	friendly service, but very disorganized. Took them over an hour to serve us our dinner even though they weren't that business. I don't think they had any designated server to look after our table - so it all depended upon one very harried guy remembering to come by every half hour to check if were doing ok.Chili Rellenos was subpar and the special that my wife had (mahi tacos) was over done.The staff were really trying and seemed to care , but totally mis-managed and dis-organized or perhaps understaffed.That was kinda disappointing since the food and service at the Los Dos in mesa used to be pretty good.....
2	I've heard some people mention this place a few times and say it has great food. Being that I work a few doors down I called and placed a to go order. The man told me it would be 10 minutes. 20 minutes later I walked down and expected to grab my order and run back to work (being that I'm the only employee at the store and it needs to be closed when I'm not there). I got there and sat for over 15 minutes while a man kept running by me saying "I'll go check on your food, I'll go check on your food". The service was just lacking. Food tasted great but I probably won't be back.
1	Everything is spicy in this place, they should said that in the Menu, very large portion but nothing awesome at all, Shrimp Ceviche was not fresh as the menu said, the carne asada didn't like it and not many option for kids not even crayons or lids for the cups
5	We have been to a number of the Los Dos Molinos and have always enjoyed the food. So we were really glad to see one finally open in our side of town a few years ago. And this one does not disappoint. We have gone a number of times. Only once did we receive what we would consider poor service, and it was a new waiter who was a little slower than normal. It gave us the opportunity to enjoy our conversation, and the chips and salsa. If you are going to visit, be aware: most of the food is spicy. In case you forget, they do warn you on the menu.
1	Everything about our experience was horrible. The first thing to be bad was why do they put the plastic cheap Denny's water cups lip down on the nasty table cloth? My mouth is supposed to drink out of that cup? I can't imagine the bacteria. Gross. We had to ask twice for a refill on chips and our water glasses sat empty (which BTW we drank with straws that we requested). When the bill came, it was on an iPad rather that a hard paper bill. I can appreciate going digital, however at least let me see what I am paying for. It was awkward for the waiter to tell us how much we owe without showing us what we were paying for - and point out how to leave a tip when it was subpar service.
4	If you don't like garlic or spicy heat then this is not the place for you. Upon reading some of my my fellow Yelpers reviews, I see that slow, disorganized service has been a sore point for them. Our experience was the complete opposite. We were warmly greeted, seated immediately, had our order taken promptly, our food arrived from the kitchen quickly and our severs were very attentive.The complimentary chips were served with a green and a red salsa. Both salsas were zippy, but not excessively so, with nice balanced flavors. We ended up going through two bowls of each because I smothered my burrito with salsa, yum! The only downside was that the chips were pretty and multi-colored but right out of a bag. Give me monochromatic chips right from your fryer and you will have a friend for life!We all ordered burritos (burros in AZ?). I selected the plain chicken one which was fabulous. The chicken had been stewed until it almost melted like butter in my mouth.  I had a close encounter with a whole clove of garlic and a small bone but successfully avoided a crisis with each of them. The portion sizes are humongous! My husband and I could have easily shared one plate and still left very full. Even our ice teas were served in what looked like 40oz glasses! We are looking forward to returning to try their adovada ribs. If they do something about the tortilla chips and watch the bones Los Dos Molinos will earn 5 stars from me.
5	This is as good as it gets for Mexican food. And the Brazilian Margarita is to die for!
5	Wow. I've been a long time customer and have always loved the food, but this past weekend I was blown away! I ordered the roasted pork burrito - with red sauce (which I confirmed was the milder of the two that day) and it was probably THE best Mexican meal I've had to date. The pork was soooo tender and flavorful. I'm going back this week!
4	Love this place. My gf and I went today after accidentally finding it next door to a hardware store we went to go get keys made at. Staff was very friendly and very attentive. A very latest back environment where any dress code is acceptable. The food wasn't five star. We ordered the queso dip for an appetizer, which if you are into instant gratification, then this is right up your alley, because I could feel my arteries clog with each bite. It was great. A big pile of freshly fried tortilla chips sprinkled with melted cheese and a hot skillet with a greasy mess of five different cheeses all mixed together. Filling and probably best split between at LEAST two people. In ordered the chicken burro platter which was more than I could eat; and let me tell you, I can eat. It was huge chunks if moist and tender chicken wrapped on a tortilla smothered in green chilli. Even the rice and beans were good. Most Mexican restaurants the rice and beans are just a waste of space but in left no bean unturned when filling my to-go box. Jen had the Machaca Taco plate to the same effect. The meat was seasoned well and was moist and cook perfectly. We has a NA beverage each, an appetizer, our entrees, and the bill with 20% tip was barely $40; and it covered both our lunches for tomorrow. I can't wait to go back and try some of the other dishes I've been reading about.
5	Summary: by far and away the best Mexican restaurant in the valley. Expect massive heat in their dishes, cooled off by their equally potent margaritas. The staff is attentive, many of which are relatives of or friends of the owners. The atmosphere is not as quaint as the central location but the recipes are spot on. One marg and your feeling good, two your extremities go numb, three and you need a seatbelt to sit up. The food has a home cooked feel, hard to duplicate in mass. Their beef stew is Hearty with large chunks of beef and potatoes. The heat is like pulling your tongue out with pliers and resting a ghost pepper on it. For you heat lovers, you will not be disappointed.   Their desserts are a sweet treat to end things on a high note. They are the $#|?
5	Hubby and I are from out of state and found this place for Sunday lunch. They gave us complimentary chips & salsa which the waiter warned us to take it easy coz it's chili based (which means really spicy). Im glad he did that coz I can't tolerate too much spicy food. I still ate some anyways coz it's so good. For entrees I got shrimp ajo (garlic butter sauce with rice, flour tortilla & beans) and hubby got the taco salad. We both liked it coz of the authentic taste and ingredients. Staff is very friendly & service was great. We'll definitely come back when we visit Arizona next time.
1	When compared to the central location the food is sub-standard as well as the service
5	Awesome!  Great service, great food, great margaritas....perfect!!!  Chile Platter was so good, carnitas and adobo ribs were all awesome!  Will definitely be back...soon.
2	Always loved Los Dos but not so much this time.   Waited to be seated for 5 min for a table for 2 with many open tables available.    Seated for a while before our waiter came.  Food was average, not great, warm, not hot.    Also found it interesting that an 18% gratuity was added to our bill.
2	Meh. Tricolored chips? Really? Salsa? No taste except for spiciness. The $10 for the "Hand squeezed margarita" was money poorly spent for what was clearly a margarita made with a mix. The menu is sparse, with not too much of a selection and a la carte items starting at $7. The servers are clearly instructed to up sell, but we did appreciate the attention. The food came, and it was incredibly bland except for the one note punch of heat and the blanket of cheese on top. Two stars for the service, the tortilla and the portions, which are hearty. Overall, not worth the $42 for two people plus tip. Never again.
4	The main shortcoming is the lousy premixed house margaritas.  They need to address that.  But the food is amazing, and the service is good.  I may become a regular.
4	Los Dos Molinos doesn't know how to do mild. But if you like it hot, woweee this is your place! Service is slightly spotty; however, I always have a great time when going here. They make one mean margarita here. Had a blast with Missy F. with Dude as our DD once! Love their green and red salsa. Just a tip, the first bowl of chips is complimentary. After that, you get charged. Of the three times I've been here, only have tried the green and red chile platter with beef, and my favorite: the Machaca burrito. Worth paying extra for sour cream as this is melt your face off status . . . Right, Miss?! And it's big enough to share. It's been a long time since my last visit, and will have to drop into LDM for either dinner or drinks soon when I'm in the Tuke. Recommended!
1	HORRIBLE!!! This place is disgusting! The tablecloth makes me want to throw up just thinking about it. There was nasty food all over it and they obviously have not been washed in a while (if ever). The food came straight from serving dishes and the microwave. The service sucked really  bad. We had a Groupon and even with that our bill was over $40 for just two people and I had water to drink and my husband just had a pop. It is awkward that the waiter is hovering over you while you put your tip into the iPad they run your card on. I didn't want to leave any but I cannot be THAT mean.  It is WAY over priced! I wish I did not have to leave any stars for this place. Go to Taco Bell over this place. Awful.
1	My first impression was good: the chips were adequate and the salsa seemed fresh.  Beyond that, the chicken taco salad was bland, the chicken burro was too salty and dry, and the chile relleno was excessively salty and cheesy.  Los Dos Molinos demonstrates that quantity is not necessarily better than quality as the saltiness of almost all the dishes overwhelmed any other flavor and the large portion sizes were futile.  The largest culprit was the beef tamale, which was so salty it was inedible.Some redeeming factors were the service and live music.
2	Food is good, still their service lacks, took an hour to get food, no apology, no explanation and there was maybe 4 other tables of people
1	Food is ok but for the love of Pete lose the  iPad check pay system! We want paper checks!!!  After having lunch with friends we were shown our individual bills on an iPad and asked to finger sign. Lunch with one entree and no drink was over $22 each with tax and tip. Really?  No detail of our bills and no paper receipts. Bad!!!
4	Good atmosphere. Decent prices (except for the sangria @ $9). The rice was awful, dry and hard. The salsa however was excellent, especially the green salsa. I had the chile relleno, which was pretty tasty.
5	Every time I visit Phoenix I dream about eating here!  There's no way I could possibly not eat here on a trip without regrets! We stopped in for a lunch before hitting another leg on our journey cross country.  We got a nice little sunny spot on the patio in January ( highly recommend visiting Phoenix in January ) .  The guy that seated us looked rather old school Arizonan, with mustache and a little Old West -- very hospitable yet fun to talk to.   I told him him I didn't want to get sunburn, and he assured me no chance on the gringo index for that today.  He was right. We ordered our drinks first.  Though I so wanted a Margarita or cold beer to go with the food, we could not really drink for our drive.  He suggested superior alternatives.  I had coffee in a french press that was mild enough to compliment the flavors of the hot food, not too bitter and it didn't require any sugar.  My mom had lemonade, and he added a touch of orange that was so good, I drank a good amount of it (glass was huge -- yippee more for me too!)The food -- well I already knew how GOOD it was from my previous visit so  I was happy to share the experience with my mom.  We had the queso dip that was to die for...my mom said it was the best she ever had and she's in her late 60's.  Then we had tacos.  My mom had chicken so it was mild enough for her, while I ventured for the adovado - very hot pork melted heat yumminess !  The great effect of eating such hot food is it cools off your body temperature, so you feel like it's 10 degrees cooler.  On this day we didn't need it, but most often in Phoenix you do.MMMmmm just thinking about that HOT yumminess makes my mouth water..I highly recommend trying out some yummy HOTNESS anytime you're in town!One thing to note - my first visit to Los Dos Molinos was in the late 90's when I lived here, though not at this location.  I did confirm this was a family-owned business, related to the other location.
5	Some of the reviews here are ridiculous (1 star because they use an iPad?!?).Los Dos Molinos has, by far, the best Mexican food in Ahwatukee and is one of the best Mexican restaurants in Phoenix.  If you don't like spicy, go somewhere else. There is no "mild" or "medium" here - you either get non-spicy or cry-and-sweat crazy spicy.The service is phenomenal. Some of the waiters aren't great, but the owner is so determined to make everything perfect she more than makes up for some of the crappy waiters. And the food - amazing. Delicious, spicy, perfect.Highly recommended if you like spicy Mexican food.
3	I have been here twice now.  I'll keep this review short because I need to go back a third time for some serious, honest-to-god research, but here's the jist of it:The food here is great.The service is pretty average.The margaritas are completely, totally, unexplainably bad.  Like, 'this must be a joke' bad.  And I'm not talking about one margarita during one visit.  I'm talking about 5 different types of margaritas over 2 visits.  And usually after 2 margaritas, I'm not that picky!So stop in if you want some mexican food, and maybe a beer.  Do not order a margarita until I figure out what is wrong with this place, and if they have a palatable option.  I will report back.
3	The food is decent but the margaritas are fresh and pack a punch.My friend and I can put some salsa and chips down like no one's business so when we asked for another ramekin of salsa we thought our waiter was joking when he said "that'll be an additional 50 cents" (maybe it was 25 cents idk). We kinda laughed it off thinking he was pointing out how we devoured the first two ramekins.Nope, he charged us. For Salsa!!!! Really?I'll go back for the ritas but I'll try to control myself on the salsa.
3	The food is ok but nothing special.  The patio is a nice place to hang out on a cool afternoon. The service was very slow. We finally got up and went inside to find someone to pay. Overall, for the price point I'd rather go somewhere else.
4	The chicken chimichanga is amazing. Chicken is very fresh. Rice and beans are great too. All around great experience.
4	I'll get the negatives out of the way. The service was on the slow side, and the waiter was inattentive. The drinks were good, but a little too expensive.That being said, the food was amazing. We come from an area where there simply is not food like this, and we loved it. My girlfriend got the beef burro. She was warned of spice, but could have handled more. Still, the flavor was delicious. I got the adovada ribs. They were quite spicy with full-bodied flavor. The guacamole was simple, maybe only avocado and garlic, but so fresh, we devoured it. For Northerners craving good Southwestern food, this is worth the visit.
3	This place is OK, a little pricey for what you receive, seriously, over 2$ for a side of sour cream. Haven't been blown away by anything here, not a huge fan of their rice and beans, but their shredded beef burrito wasn't bad. I'd go here again if someone else wanted to, but otherwise it wouldn't be my first choice.
2	The food here is good, but the service is....Uggghh.  Been a few times and am used to slow service or them forgetting to bring items, but today the female server was just rude.  I don't know if she just didn't want to be there or didn't want us to be there...either way it left my table with a bad experience. Too bad.
4	Tastey.  Unique New Mexico style with chiles and not afraid to actually make food spicey.
3	Margaritas were weak, and expensive,  $8.50 for a house margarita during happy. Really? I don't think so. The tamale and chicken enchiladas looked amazing,  but were super spicy. The service was ok, not very attentive or friendly.
1	This was actually the worst service I've ever had in my entire life. The waiter sat us at a table that didn't even have silverware or placemats. I felt like I was being seated at an empty park table. Then it took him 20 minutes to get us water or even acknowledge our existence. After that I ordered a burrito but specifically asked for no cheese because I'm allergic. He gave me a rude look and of course my burrito came back SMOTHERED with cheese on top. After being too hungry to ask to send it back I picked around the cheese. After we were done eating we waited for the check for 45 minutes. I'm not kidding. we were so fed up that we went inside and our server was nowhere to be found. We had to go up to the bar to pay for the meal. At that point I was ready to walk out and not even pay but I am too decent of a person to do that. Long story short this was the worst service I have ever experienced and I will not be coming back. Ever.
4	We had heard about the downtown Phoenix Los Dos Molinos being so good and hoped this restaurant of the same chain would be as good. Our waiter assured us that the menu and quality are the same. I ordered the two taco special with carne asada steak. My husband ordered the beef enchilada special and was warned that it would be spicy. The sauces are made with hatch chilis, which fits with its New Mexico-themed menu.My husband decided after tasting my mildly -spicy only tacos that he would stay away from the spicy options next time and go with 'mild' in the future. One can always add      either the complimentary green or red salsa if one wants it hotter.We loved the beans. Spanish rice seemed pretty ordinary. Vanilla flan was outstanding. Excellent service by all staff.We would recommend this place to anyone who wants to try something other than the typical Sonoran fare in Phoenix.
1	If I could leave zero stars I would. This place is disgusting and has terrible service. While there I saw three bugs, one that was crawling on our table. It took forever for them to take our order and also to bring the food out. Ordered the red chili burrito & it was the worst thing I've ever had. Not sure how people think this is authentic mexican food. It tasted like crap. Not to mention how overly priced it was. I will not be going back there. Thanks for ruining my night!!!!
4	For those that like Spicy Hot food this place is great! Being from NM i am a bit biased but this place lives up to the NM restaurants and style.They had a couple diff salsas which were tasty and spicy.The Adovada ribs are really good, actually best i ever had, very large and tasty, Braised well with a nice chile sauce. Tortillas seem to be made there kinda Grandma style (thick)Rest of food seem decent with a theme of spicy throughout, didn't try the drinks but will next time.
3	We were hungryyyyyyy after swimming one day!Good lord everything is spicy here! Holy hell! If you know me, you know that I'm a wuss when it comes to spicy. Apparently that is what they are known for because all of their dishes are spicy. Even the salsa and chips that you start out with! We ordered the Posole with chicken. This was delicious!!!! Except it was extremely spicy. Well for me at least. We had to order sour cream with it to help with the spice. I think I would've enjoyed it more if it wasn't so spicy. It's a very big dish to share though. I ended up having leftovers to take home with me. It's a cute little spot, the customer service was good. If you really want some spicy Mexican food this is the place to go. I might come back to try their drinks, but I can't handle the spicy food. lol.
4	Wanted to try a local place and heard good things. The place is modest with a friendly staff. For the love of jesus, if you can't take heat, do not eat here! The posole was amazing and you NEED to try the homemade tortillas! A bit different than the posole I'm used to but this is a new mexican style restaurant so it's a bit off from the mexican food I'm used to from chicago. Overall a good experience and will definitely come again!!
4	We have been here several times now and it is not as hot as you may think...but, if you don't like hot food don't go even though service is good, ambiance quaint and servers are most likely family of mama Chef. Food is quite good. I understand meat dishes are incredible, but we stick to more vegetarian fare. The beans (yes have Manteca) are to die for and the guacamole is pretty darn tasty!  If you like spicy, drop in for a bite!
1	This place won't LET me eat there.  Let me explain...My wife and I were excited to have Los Dos in Ahwatukee since we loved the one on Central.  Food wise this place is awesome since I love my Mexican food spicy.However, I have tried three times to eat there and I have given up.First time was when they just opened.  I sat at the bar and nobody said a word to me for 10 minutes.  I have waited tables and all he had to do was acknowledge my presence and say he would be with me in a minute.  Nope.  He was busy taking inventory or something.  I looked around and other guests were rolling their eyes as though it wasn't just me.  Rather than deal with it, I just left.  Strike 1.I swore I wouldn't go back, but I figured I would try again.  We went in on a weeknight and were told that there was no availability due to a private party.  Strike 2.We tried again this past Sunday.  We find out it closes at 1 or 3 pm on Sunday.  Seriously?  Strike 3.3 strikes you are out.  Their food has got to be great, but the management of this restaurant sucks!
4	Food is good and there are different levels of hot. Work loves this place and use it regularly. Service is always right there for us.
1	BEWARE!!! Myself & co-worker had the most horrible experience at this restaurant! We decided to try Los Dos Molinos for lunch since we were craving Mexican food & it was close by our work. Since neither of us had ever eaten here before we asked our waiter about the menu & lunch specials. He had no idea what he was talking about. So he asked the bus boy about the specials. We were very confused. After several minutes of looking over the extremely over priced menu, we made our decisions. This time a different waiter came to take our orders. We specifically asked him if the food was spicy & he assured us it wasn't. Once the food arrived & we took our first bites, both of our mouths were on fire! There was no way for us to even attempt to eat the food. We immediately let the first waiter we spoke to know that we couldn't eat the food & we were just going to leave because we were not satisfied with the orders & we had to get back to work as we were on our lunch hour. He apologized & went to talk to the manager. They spoke behind the kitchen curtain just a few feet from our table. We could overhear their conversation. The manager asked that waiter to go get the waiter who took our order. After about 5 minutes of them debating & arguing behind the curtain the waiter who took our order came over to us & said, "I just talked to my manager. I'll pay for your plate (he pointed at my food), but she'll have to pay for hers." I couldn't believe what I just heard!!! I replied, "No. We're not paying for ANY of this! We specifically asked YOU if the food was spicy. You said no. We both took one bite of our food & it's like fire in our mouths. We're not paying for food that isn't edible to us & is barely touched! We have to get back to work so we're leaving now." My co-worker paid for the drinks because she's overly kind. I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone. We wanted Mexican food, but that doesn't mean we wanted to have our taste buds burned from our tongues. This place was by far the worst experience I've ever had. Starting from the waiters who clearly knew nothing about the food they served, the overpriced menu, the unprofessional manager who didn't bother to deal with the situation herself & instead chose to hide behind a curtain & ultimately the poor customer service the waiter who took our order gave us!
5	Always wonderful Los dos never disappoints. We live it at all of the locations.  We have been to each and love them all.  Great service and great food.  We tried almost everything on their menus and at each of the locations.  Each is individual in their recipes and in their preparation.  Expect each to be unique in its own wonderful way.  Great family places that we love.
5	We have been waiting for this all year.   We're actually able to sit on the patio enjoying a lovely Sunday brunch.  After yesterday's storm burst from the weather cell out of the Gulf of Mexico, the temperature is absolutely gorgeous here in the valley!  This is what it is to live in Phoenix!Spent the morning pulling weeds and transplanting mesquite trees to work up a hearty appetite for some yummy Mexican food.  Ordered my usual bean and cheese Burrito and consider doing enchilada style but meh went sans extra sauce to enjoy the amazing salsa!I had the bean and cheese burrito Scott had the guacamole tostada and both were simply scrumptious.  Halfway through I kept telling Scott, "I'm full, I'm full." No matter how full I got, I just kept eating!Looking for a relaxing, Sunday brunch with chips & beer?  Los Dos Molinos is the place to be!
1	Worst excuse for mexican food, ever.  Who messes up tacos??? Tacos were full of fatty meat and the avocado was brown. Yuck. Absolutely terrible service to boot. I'll never come here again
