4	I went there for the first time the other day because I didn't even know they were there.  Turns out, they had only been open for a couple of weeks.  Considering the opening date, the service was good and the BBQ was GREAT!  The staff didn't know everything but worked hard to find out!  (I wanted the quickest way to Panther Stadium and they found it--its only about a mile from there.)
4	I tried this new restaurant and here is what I found great about it. Friendly FastNot expensiveGreat Food -- had the Rib Tickler the ribs fell right off the bone. The Sauce was great!Looking forward to bringing some friends!
5	I gave this place 5 stars because these are the best ribs I've had in a long long time.  My husband and his family are from Kansas City so we know and love our bbq and we have been looking for a good place since we moved to Charlotte.  All I have had are the ribs but they are fantastic.  The KC fam loves them too.  Everyone working there is very friendly and attentive.  We have been twice and will be back again.
4	I carried out the rib tickler. The ribs were not quite fall of the bone but the sauce was tasty. I wish there was a bit more of it on the ribs or a little side of it since it was take out. The fries were fries. You can't go wrong with a deep fried potato and a little salt. The baked beans were good and had a nice flavor. They were not too overpowering on the pepper which can be hard to achieve, for some reason, for a lot of barbecue places. My coworker had the pork BBQ sandwich. She agreed with me that the pork was a little chewy but the flavor was very good. We joked around that early guy must have been about 45 minutes late this morning. Since everyone else said how tender the meat was when they had it. The total winner on the meal was the "sugar biscuits". Those little puppies earned Sauceman's an extra star from me. They are basically homemade little donut puffs rolled in sugar. Holy Shnikies! I had two of these little puffy dreams and could have easily eaten a dozen more. One of them I ate piping hot and the other was luke warm. To my surprise, the luke warm one was still as good as the first. Fried perfection.
2	After reading all the great reviews of Sauceman's, I officially have major food envy. Maybe I chose the wrong item off the menu? Perhaps I walked in at an inopportune time? I'm not sure, but I will say that I had really high hopes for Sauceman's, especially because they're right down the street from me in South End. I always want to support local businesses, but Sauceman's really let me down yesterday afternoon...I drove up to Sauceman's looking for a tasty and affordable little lunch. I was quite excited to try out this new South End venture and perused the menu as the woman in front of me ordered. Well, the person taking her order was having some trouble so while he was yelling into the kitchen for assistance, I waited. And waited. Nearly 5 minutes went by until another staff member came and helped me. And there were at least 4 staff people hanging around just a few feet away from me. Not a good sign. However, I was there around 2 pm so perhaps shifts were changing, blah blah blah. I decided on the small size French Dip with fries. And this is after asking the woman behind the counter what she thought of that particular sandwich. I quote, "It's actually one of my favorites on the menu." Sweet, I'll have that, thank you. $6.50 and I sat down. Once seated, the folks who were finishing up their shifts (presumably) sat 5 feet away from me in the main dining area chatting away and chomping down their food. About 5-7 minutes went by and my sandwich came out with a boatload of fries. Most certainly a generous portion of fries. Since I'm really trying to be as fair as possible, let me break down my thoughts on my French Dip & Fries...The beef: Lackluster and fairly tasteless. I also garnered a few bites of chewy fat that were not so delicious. The cheese: I've had better mozzarella, 'twas a bit on the plasticky side.The bun: Chewy chewy and not in a pleasant way. Tasted like this bun was quite frozen not long ago. The au jus: Not too shabby here. Perhaps if the beef simmered longer in the au jus with a bit more spice, I would have enjoyed it much more.The fries: All were toasty and hot, yet many of them were dehydrated. Again, seems like the freezer got the best of them. So, yeah. For a girl who likes to eat I didn't even finish half of my meal. But the big kicker is that when my basket was placed in front of me up until I left 15 minutes later - no one asked me if I needed anything (and I was the only person in the restaurant besides the staff). Or how my food was. Or, frankly, how I was doing. And, no, I don't need to be catered to, I was just hoping for more of a local, caring and cool staff at my neighborhood eatery. I may come back to try the ribs, but I'm not rushing to do so.
5	I have been to Sauceman's 4 times now and each time is just as good as the last.  Food is delicious.  BBQ Pork Sandwich is by far my favorite.  It is pork loin, instead of the typical pulled pork butt that you get at most of these BBQ places.  Lean and yummy and the sauce is my most favorite part.  It is sooo good.  And my fiance's favorite is the ribs.  Definitely the best ribs either of us have had in this area by far.  Meat fell right off the bone and that sauce just brings them to a higher level.The prices are inexpensive by far, especially for the amount of food you get.  Overall service was good., staff is friendly and attentive.  I didn't even have to get up from the table to get my own soda refill.  And very convenient location.P.S. Sugar biscuits are to die for!  Hot or cold, these puppies are delicious!
2	I had an experience much closer to Nicole's experience. I hate to say it but it almost feels like the owner and their friends wrote the other reviews. The food we tried was ok at best.  I agree that the fries seemed like they had freezer burn prior to being cooked.  Also confused as to why they have so much staff always there - it seems like there is more staff than patrons.I was excited for this place to open and am disappointed that it seems to have missed the mark.  Hopefully a lot will change over the next few months.  I may try it again in 6 months to see if it has improved but I won't be going back anytime soon.
5	I've been reading yelp reviews for quite a while now but haven't gotten around to writing one myself. Well, after eating at Sauceman's a few nights ago, I am compelled to leave a few words.We arrived pretty late but were warmly welcomed and didn't feel rushed at all. Being pizza fanatics, we tried the Combo pizza and were thoroughly impressed! The ingredients were fresh and held the pizza together very nicely, and unlike a few pizza joints around town, the pizza wasn't flopping around with grease. The guy who brought our food out was friendly and attentive. We tried the sugar donut balls and although I normally don't care for sweets, these were a perfect finish to our meal. I'll definitely be back to try the rest of the menu but I might have to order another pizza first.
5	I came into Sauceman's with a generous BOGO coupon (up to $15 in value) and a friend. I say generous because 80% of their menu is under $10, with only 1 or 2 items even breaking past $15. So, needless to say, this place was cheap.I purchased the $12 chicken and ribs platter. You get a chicken breast and wing along with 1/3 a rack of ribs (or a "rib tickler" as I believe they call it). You also get a large portion of fries, 2 sugar biscuits, and the choice of an additional side. I order the baked beans. My friend purchased the $8 or $9 steak sandwich, which came with the choice of a side (she ordered fries) and whatever toppings you wanted on the sandwich.The amount of food for the price was absolutely incredible. My platter was literally served on a platter and was only $12. The chicken was a small piece, but the breast was surprisingly meaty. It was very tender and juicy and covered in their delicious BBQ. The ribs were a little bit on the dry side. They were certainly not falling off the bone and they required a little extra BBQ, but they were by no means bad. Again, for the price, they were awesome. The baked beans were very very tasty. They were made with their BBQ and almost had a sweet chili taste to them. I'm not normally a baked beans fan, but I devoured these. The french fries were french fries, but in a massive portion... They were basically a restaurant version of McDonald's fries, which is not a bad thing. The sugar biscuits were the same thing that you find at Chinese buffets, but they were much fresher then you'd find at any buffet. All together, I was very pleased with Sauceman's. They serve cheaper restaurant quality food, but in a Cook Out or Penguin style setting. You order at the counter and then they bring it to you at your seat. You refill your drinks yourself and when you are done, they clear your table for you. They seem to cater to carry out a lot, but they have a small amount of inside seating for you to dine in at. At the price, I couldn't help but give this place 5 stars.
4	The price was about $12 for a half rack of ribs, a chicken breast, two sides, a slice of buttered texas toast, and two mini-sugar donutes.  The food was delicious, Octavius who helped us was very friendly and helpful.  I enjoyed the layout and atmosphere.  Will come back soon. Would like a larger beer selection though.
3	I like this place ok.  No frills and a pretty good value. Especially with the onslaught of coupons these days. My son said his bb-q wings were ok. He loves Hawthorne's wings.  I recently had the reuben (The Reub): bread was very good and fresh (kaiser-like), tons of meat but lacked a strong flavor, slaw was ok, and could of used a little more thousand.  I would say its like "the Fuel of bb-q". I do look forward to trying their rib and chicken plate someday when I am starving and have my kids with me.  Walk up ordering and they play all kinds of music. Service is friendly (especially the dreaded guy).  They serve beer too.
3	Conflicted is how I feel about Sauceman's. I went there the other week to grab a quick dinner since I purchased a $12 Groupon. I called in my order right as I was leaving work Uptown and by the time I got there, it was ready. Like that since anyone who has seen the size of my booty knows I like food. The first thing I noticed when I stepped out of my car was the interesting location---right at the corner of West Blvd and South Tryon Street across from the Bojangles. Good thing I came down Camden since making it into the parking lot from Tryon Street seems like an impossible task. The second thing that hit me was the smell of sweet stuff in the air--was I in the parking lot of a Krispy Kreme?? I soon found out the smell was their sugar biscuits--sugar and biscuits living in harmony together? Say it aint so! But it be so and they were spectacular, more like little dough balls covered in sugar than biscuits though.  I got in, grabbed my pizza and salad to go but got talked into a $1.50 domestic draft that they have on Thursdays (along with $2 glasses of wine), for I just can't pass up a deal like that.I got the white pizza which has a  garlic/olive oil topping, provolone cheese and fresh sliced tomatoes. It was good but nothing memorable. I was hoping for a little more pizzazz or flavor to come with the pizza but when I got home and took a bite, I was underwhelmed. I added a ton of red pepper flakes and parsley to make it sparkle a little more and once I did, it was fabulous.Likes: Cheap prices for food and drinks, open seating area with lots of natural light and varied menu with both Italian and BBQ items and a friendly staff.Dislikes: Unfavorable parking situation and location, lack of flavor of the foodThe food was alright and a decent place to try but I don't think I will be saying you need to run right to Sauceman's anytime soon.
5	I'm a fan. My friends, who are Carolina BBQ connoisseurs, said it's the best Q in the city. I agree. Great texture, tenderness and taste. Great sauces-- try the Golden Octane. Even the onion rings were different and good. Enjoy.
4	I am always on the lookout for new places to try in and around Charlotte.  So when one of my employer's clients suggested that I try Sauceman's in Charlotte, I decided to give it a shot.When I first pulled up the website, I saw that they also did pizza and grill-style foods in addition to BBQ.  I was a little concerned (unjustifiably so) in that the 'que here was going to be sub-par.  Then I continued reading through their site to find out more about them.  Sauceman's was founded in 2010 and specializes in North Carolina style BBQ (Lexington style, to be specific).  It is located in the South End district of Charlotte, NC  at the corner of Tryon St. and West Blvd.At Sauceman's, you place your order and pay for it, and then your order is brought out to you.  After browsing the menu for a bit, I decided to order the coarse chopped BBQ plate (which comes with hush puppies and slaw) with potato salad as my side of choice.  Less than five minutes after paying for my order, out comes my plate.One bite into the pork, and my taste buds jumped for joy!  This was some of the most flavorful and moist pork that I have tasted.  There were nice big chunks of bark in the pork that were super tasty, and the meat itself was very moist!  The slaw (a red slaw -- white slaw is also available) was very vinegary and peppery.  It may be a little too vinegary and peppery if you are not used to this style of slaw.  The potato salad was very delicious, with nice large pieces of potatoes that weren't overly slathered.  The hush puppies were very large and very crispy!I got to speak with Zach Goodyear, the pitmaster for Sauceman's.  We had a very pleasant conversation and talked about some of the many good things in store for Sauceman's.  After speaking with him, I decided to take a look at their sauces.  There are three different sauces available -- a vinegar-based sauce, a sweet tomato-based sauce, and a mustard-based sauce.The vinegar-based sauce (not pictured) was a classic eastern-Carolina style vinegar sauce that was very tasty.  It  would work very well as a dipping sauce for the pork, if so desired.  The tomato-based sauce was very, very sweet with predominant flavors of brown sugar and molasses.  The mustard-based sauce was also sweet, although not as sweet as the tomato-based sauce.  It also had a little bit of kick to it in terms of spice and heat, though not enough to be overpowering and predominant.I was getting ready to leave when I saw this beast of a sandwich show up at a neighboring table.  The "Clark Griswald" stands at a whopping 3 lbs of pork (although the guy working the register told me that it was 4 lbs) and is served with slaw, hush puppies, and choice of side.  And if you can finish this beast in 30 minutes or less, it's on the house.  Otherwise, it's $14.99.  That's still a heckuva deal for that much pig!!I can gladly say that I will be adding Sauceman's to my list of places to visit over and over again for BBQ in Charlotte, and I suggest that you should too!Sauceman's is located at 228 West Blvd., Charlotte, NC 28202.  Their website is http://www.saucemans.com.  You can also find them on Facebook and Twitter.This review is available with photos at http://www.bigwaynerbbq.com/2011/06/20/review-saucemans-bbq-pizza-and-grill-charlotte-nc/
5	Went  and enjoyed this delicious grub today! Had the coarse chop BBQ  and the Pork sandwich with pimento cheese and fried pickles. What a strange combo but it was delightful. The onion rings were only ok. The rest was super yummy!
4	Listen, I don't like to give mediocre reviews even when I had a far less than stellar experience at Sauceman's a while back. However, after hearing about some changes they've made, I met a buddy for lunch and gave them another go. I'm very happy to report that this BBQ focused joint in South End is now on my good list, instead of my shit list. To recap:Interior: 3/5: The interior is still a bit plain and awkwardly laid out but it looks as if they might be making some changes in that department too. Note - the bathrooms were absolutely spotless. My order - The Poncho Villa w/turkey: 4/5: Big hunks of tasty turkey layered with avocado, pepper jack cheese & lime mojo folded into Texas Toast. It was plenty of food and it was delicious. I also tried a few onion rings and I fully appreciate that they are hand breaded and had great flavor...my only ish with these - they could have been much crispier. The service: 5/5: The man who took my order was awesome. Super friendly, helpful and honest with suggestions and made sure I had everything I needed. A far cry to the lackadaisical attitude I received last time. I noticed that this place was a bit busy during the lunch hour and folks were leaving looking happy and full...always a good sign. I'll definitely head back to Sauceman's to try some other sandwich creations or to score some of that savory barbecue.
4	Some would say another BBQ place? This is just not BBQ. They take BBQ to whole  nother level. The sandwiches created from the BBQ chicken or pork makes this a great lunch and dinner spot. There is nothing me and my friends have not had that was not good. If you are there at certain times they hand out desserts like banana pudding and fried sugar coated dough. Monday night football with great wings and cold beer. You cannot go wrong with this place.Cons: Limited seating. They keep running out of banana pudding!
1	Went for lunch one Friday after 15min friends food came and I asked about mine the lady said the grill takes longer! So after another 5 min. went and asked about getting a refund and she pointed at the cash register and said go to him. When I went to him he voided my card charge but neither time did anyone try to fix the problem are say sorry! Customer service is not a strong point, I would rather give Mac's, Spoons or BBQ King my buisness.
3	HOLY CRAP!!!!  This place is amazing!  This is, hands down, the BEST BBQ I have had so far in Charlotte.Why, you ask, did I not give them 5 stars?  Well, my overall experience there was great, but not perfect.  I have to reserve that 5th star for absolute culinary nirvana!Sauceman's comes damn close.  I ordered the Big Squeal.  It's chopped BBQ pork on a bun made of 2" thick cornbread.  They say it's a hush puppy, but it's not savory like one.  It's more of a sweet, dense cornbread.  It makes the perfect bun!  I could only eat half the sandwich; it's BIG.  The sauces:  I tried the Octane and the Sweet Love Smoke (or something like that).  Both were very good!Sides:  Onion rings were good - not crispy, but not previously frozen, either.  These had to be hand-battered on-site.  Also, the sweet potato casserole is excellent.  I think there are raisins in it; whatever they were, I loved it.The dude working the register was nice, helpful, and made our experience complete.The only downside:  the place is tiny, and the lunch crowd overflows the place.  Also, there are only a few parking places, so that can be a pain.I highly recommend this place; the food makes any parking hassle worthwhile!Update - 2/24/12 - Went back today for lunch, only to find out that the Big Squeal has been stricken from the menu.  I had a BBQ chicken/ribs combo, which was good, but no better than McKoy's or other BBQ places.  They also eliminated the sweet potato casserole, which I loved.  It is as if they systematically removed all my favorite items from their menu.  I won't drive 3 extra miles to go here anymore, when McKoy's, Mac's, Hillbilly's, and 50 other BBQ places are closer to me.
4	Some of the best BBQ I've had in Charlotte so far. I have been here twice. First time I got the course chopped BBQ tray. This was very good, authentic eastern style BBQ served with decent white slaw & great, sweet hush puppies. (I love the sweet hush puppies!) It is hard to find good, authentic BBQ in Charlotte, glad I found somewhere that hits the mark (I am a BBQ snob, grew up in Raleigh / Durham area) Macs is good but not authentic for those that don't know about NC BBQ....The second time I came I just had to try the BBQ sandwich where the bun is a huge hush puppy (I think it's called the Big Squeal). This was a mistake I won't make again - not good at all, almost sickening. The hush puppy bun was greasy, thick & overwhelming, also hard to eat. (I just ate the BBQ off the sandwich) I think (know) from now on I'll stick to the traditional fare. No need to experiment with wacky ideas like that. With BBQ it just needs to be simple. I did try the brunswick stew (or pig slop as they call it) that day though & it was pretty good. (No one in Charlotte seems to know how to make an authentic brunswick stew either but this was really close) The service both times was very friendly. It is in somewhat of a sketchy neighborhood (between uptown & West Blvd.) but don't let that throw you off. I've seen everyday working people, business people, lawyers etc. in here. Seating is minimal also. I tried to come here last week and it was packed so went elsewhere.
4	Saying a restaurant has the best BBQ in Charlotte is kind of like saying "Moe was the smartest stooge" But this place has the best in Charlotte, hands down. The parking lot is awkward and the interior layout is weird, and I hate anyplace that makes you stand at a counter and order... but all that aside, I came for the food and I was not disappointed. My wife got a rack of ribs. These are not some anemic baby back, small, petite, minor pig ribs. These are full size, huge, jumbo spare ribs, with so much meat and fat and flavor that a family of four could eat off of them for a week. We brought most of them home for supper. The ribs were cooked perfectly and the sauce was a compliment, not a distraction. I got the brisket, because I didn't want to ride the pulled pork train again, as much as I love the stuff, I wanted something different. Good brisket is not easy to do but they hit a home run on this one too. Tender, moist, flavorful, with that smoky "bark" that I love. The fries were outstanding , the first order was limp, but they quickly took them away and fixed them and they were amazing when we got them back. My wife loved the deep fried corn, and we split on the slaw, I had the red, she had the white, both were deemed adequate.  Saucemans is good people, making good food, you can bet your brisket I'll be back.
4	Sauceman's has the most creative menu I've come across in Charlotte. I'm still working my way through it, but from the "Sauceman's Original" to "The Big Squeal" and back, I've never been disappointed. There are dozen's of BBQ joints where you can get a stock pulled pork sandwich (Mac's is still my favorite), but only one place where BBQ takes a road trip through the South and comes back with souvenirs. The menu is very reasonably priced given the really absurd amount of food you'll get. Sauceman's just barely misses out on the fifth star because service is a little haphazard. I think this is partially because it's a really small place with an awkward layout - the folks there are about as nice as you'll find anywhere.Oh yeah... and don't forget to get yourself some of the Arnold Palmer!
4	My firm orders the Tailgate..3 at a time, it is great.  Tailgate would be great for the holidays.  I have warmers which works great...a great way to bring in the New Year and of course SUPERBOWL.....good EAGLES....ok dim panthers...
4	This review covers my first and only experience here so far.  The emphasis is on what I enjoyed the most, though I'm rating everything.  When I'm visiting a place for the first time I want to experience as much as reasonably possible and some of what is unreasonably possible.  In a place like this it is going to be difficult not to break the diet and when POPROCK LOVE is doing the ordering it may be better to forget it anyway!Small and tight or cozy and intimate?  How about: "Hello would it be alright if we share your table" or "is anyone sitting hear, OK we are".  I actually LOVE dinning with strangers, only here the strangers are not going to be strange at lunchtime on a week day.  That is OK too and I'm with POPROCK LOVE so who cares what these other people are talking about!Starting with my favorite at Sauceman's: Best Collard Greens I have ever tasted 5 yelp stars!  Vinegar Sauce - this is a very simple version and one of my favorites, thin and spicy with great flavor 5 yelp stars.  FRESH Hush-puppies ok forget the diet super delicious 4.5 stars.  Red Slaw (no Mayo YAY!) good flavor 4.25 stars.  We are not just here for the BBQ, though since I LOVE Great BBQ it is an important part of the review.  We split (I always eat more) one small BBQ tray of Coarse Chopped Pork BBQ.  The Flavor was very good, not great.  It was too Fatty for me. Still the flavor was very good 3.9 stars (only because I'm not quite a fan).The rest of this review is where I was disappointed:  The Mac and Cheese was almost A-OK (would not get it again) almost 3 stars.  The Fried Green Tomatoes had great flavor though the Batter was way too thick 3 stars.  The Fried Pickles lacked flavor and again the thickness of the batter ruined it for me 2 stars.  I like BBQ Sauces and Sauceman's has one - the other two I was very disappointed in.  If a place has one great sauce that is all I need, so to me it is no big deal that I did not care for Sauceman's (too Mustardy) Mustard, nor (too sweet) Sweet BBQ sauces, someone else may think they are perfect.
5	WOW. Everyone has been waiting for some authentic NC BBQ here in Charlotte, and they don't realize it's been hiding at Sauceman's. On my visit, this place totally under-promised, and over-delivered. I really like the fact that they are not only trying to provide a quality product, but also explain the roots of North Carolina barbeque, which I haven't really seen executed before. However---on to the food. I feel like with any new trip to a barbeque establishment, one must always order a pulled pork sandwich, and I was no different. Mine came with a (small) side of white slaw, and I also ordered an additional side of mac & cheese. Let me say that I was at the BBQ & blues festival a few months back, and this pork can place up with the best of them. It was so good, I couldn't help myself just piling the slaw on top of the sandwich and just go after both of them at the same time. The mac & cheese was also killer; definitely homemade & put together with care. This place epitomizes southern barbeque, with clearly time tested recipes, and just plain 'ole good food...we went with a group of 4, and had no food left behind. Our experience was truly worthy of 5 stars.
5	FINALLY a REAL BBQ JOINT for a REAL BBQ lover....I don't give out FIVE stars very often, so when I do, you can best believe the establishment definitely earned every last star.  I'll jump right to it and say, "Sauceman's is a BBQ lover's dream!" I went here after the MLK Jr. Day Bobcats' game with some friends, and the first thing that struck me was that smokey BBQ smell wafting throughout the parking lot and inside the establishment.  I was also pleasantly surprised to see that it was not crowded at all.  In fact, my three comrades and I were the only ones in there for a while.  After perusing the menu, I settled on a BBQ sandwich with white slaw.  My gf went with the BBQ chicken wings with a side of mac-n-cheese.  We definitely had to wait a good while for our food to arrive.  But sometimes I feel its ok to wait a minute or two.  Sometimes it indicates that your food isn't just sitting under a heating lamp, but instead is being freshly prepared, and the later is exactly what was taking place at Sauceman's.  I know, because I could see pitmasters preparing the food before my eyes.  When our food finally arrived, we appropriately sauced our items, (but not over-sauced) and got to business.  The pulled pork was nothing short of perfect.  It was tender, warm, juicy, succulent, it was EUPHORIA!  The bread was great as well.  There is nothing worse than a flimsy bun that can't handle the sauce and slaw being added to the sandwich without falling apart.  Of course I tasted my gf's wings and I can say without hesitation that they are on my list of top five wings in Charlotte.  The were thrown over a flame before being served and had plenty of sauce.  My gf also ordered a side of mac-n-cheese to go with her wings and I can vouch with a previous reviewer and say that the mac-n-cheese (though pricey) was amazing!  Everyone I was with loved their food.  There wasn't a single complaint from the group.  By the time we were on our way out of the door, we were already planning our next visit.  In fact, the food was sooooo good, I ordered a half-slab of ribs to go! (see pics) I wanted to quickly mention the following:-Better beer selection than what you would expect.-I hear lunch can be crowded, so you might want to avoid going here during lunch hours, I went around 6pm and the place was empty.-Their hours have recently changed.  They are now open until 9pm on most nights I believe.  -The menu has also changed.-Great blues/rock tunes are played.-Plenty of sauces, in squeeze bottles at your table to satisfy the sauce lover in all of us.-Since most items are made fresh to order, don't be surprised if you have a bit of a wait.There are too many fake BBQ spots in Charlotte.  Too many BBQ spots in the BBQ business because its the cool thing to do in the state of North Carolina.  Too many spots that are BBQ restaurants in name only!  Not Sauceman's, this place is as real as real can get!
5	Finally! Some GOOD BBQ! Brisket was A-mazing. Ribs were good. Even had Collard Greens.  Lexington style BBQ in Charlotte. Very reasonable prices, and generous portions.
4	BBQ sandwich and french fries were great. The tea was just good. Service was very friendly. Will return, possibly for the ribs.
2	Went here for lunch the first time today after the reviews. The BBQ was okay, but nothing amazing. The french fries were pretty good, but again, nothing to write home about.The service however was pretty poor. We both ordered chopped pork, which took us over 1/2 hour to get. Pork and french fries. The pork is already cooked - it has been for hours, that's how it has to be with bbq, and the french fries take 3 minutes to drop in a fryer even if they aren't already done. People who got there 5 mins before us were completely gone from the restaurant before we got our food.I'd give the sauces 2 stars, the pork 3 stars, and the service / overall experience 1.5 stars.
4	very good BBQ. We came for ribs but they were out. The brisket and chopped were pretty good though. The red slaw was outstanding and the service excellent! They even had milk for the kids.
4	I ate at Sauceman's for the first time today, I decided to go after me and my little girl came from Freedom Park.  I've been looking for brisket for a while now, and I think I have found my place.  It was really super good, the only issue was it was some fat on it, and I like fatless meat, but other than that it was awesome.  The Texas toast was good, the baked beans were good.  It was so good that I had to stop my self from eating, and I took the rest home.  My daughter enjoyed her fries, and grilled cheese the lemonade and tea combo was good.  I really enjoyed it very much.
4	Oh, Sauceman's. Why has it taken me so long to eat at thee?Maybe it's the lackluster location. I can remember when the building was some run-down-looking Chinese carryout place with day-glo posterboard signs advertising chicken wings. A tiny parking lot and tiny restaurant should not have to house this wonderful gem of a restaurant. Sometimes the hole-in-wall joints have the best to offer but this place really needs to consider relocation or opening up a sister place elsewhere.The food? Fabulous. My virgin experience consisted of the coarse-chopped pork plate and the multitude of sauces to apply. I preferred the mustard-based but after finishing my meat, a fellow diner told me to try a magical new sauce that I forgot the name of. It was a parmesan-mayo concotion of one I've never experienced before. It was different but different in a good way. They keep this bottle stashed away near where the BEST ARNOLD PALMER IN CHARLOTTE dispenser is.(I had so many refills that my teeth are still floating.) I think I would prefer the regular chopped pork or try the brisket the next trip (can it hold a candle to Midwoods' brisket?)The regular french-fries are okay but the sweet potato fries are out of this world! So sweet, they're more like a dessert. I'm not a big slaw guy and got the "red"-might go with the white next time or ask them if they'll substitute more hushpuppies in place of slaw. Hushpuppies were good, but the outsides were a little over done, Next time I gotta try the fried corn.The service? Well, I've read other reviews stating that the wait for food takes too long but it's all in the timing. Get there before noon or after 1:00. We got our plates maybe 10 minutes after placing our order. Staff were not super friendly but their efficiency more than makes up for that. It's a busy little place so there's no room for pleasantries. I saw a couple of cornhole game boards against one wall calling my name, but  where the hell would you have room to play it?Your pal,Walter
5	This is the best BBQ in Charlotte. manager is cool also.
4	I still think the food is good, it's just the last time I went it had more fat on my brisket than meat and I just find that to be really nasty.  I don't see anything wrong with trimming the meat, sure it's good to cook with, but after it's done trim it.  What ever you do don't get it to go, they put the bread on the bottom and meat on top and it made my bread very wet and nasty it was pointless to even toast it.
5	That's right. FIVE STARS.I'm about to go on a diet so I can bring back the Speedo look.(Nothing like seeing the gals about to wretch when those banana-hammocks make the scene.) What better way to stuff myself like a pig than to make a return trip to Saucemans for some pig!I was able to con...er, convince the kind cashier to substitute slaw with a side item instead this time (it's a no-no for future ordering) and got the chopped plate with fried-corn and Brunswick stew. I've lived in the South most of my life, going on 40 years now, and I've never heard of or tried fried corn before. (I've heard/tried fried Snickers, Oreos, etc.)  Oh. My. God. How ingenius! How delicious! (Do I really want to start this diet?) There's nothing to add to it. No butter. No salt or pepper. Just pure heaven on a cob. Now the Brunswick stew, I wasn't that impressed with. It really wasn't what I consider proper Brunswick stew. There was nothing but meat and I guess you would call it it's gravy it sits in. No veggies, nothing. It was good but it was more like an extra helping of BBQ than stew. The new sauce is called White Octane Sauce. It's parmesan peppercorn meets bbq sauce. Pure genius, but I don't recommend slathering your entire portion with it. It might be an acquired taste for some.As I said before, their Arnold Palmer cannot be beat, which I consider a variation of sweet tea. Nectar of the Gods.Your pal,Walter
4	I'd heard a lot of dry reviews about Sauceman's when it first opened, but recently, the scuttlebut has been wet with praise.  They've been doing a lot of promotion in the Valu-Pak mailers, so I grabbed our buy-one-get-one-free coupon, and off we went.  Located in South End, Sauceman's was slightly off the beaten path (South Blvd.), but still close enough to have some character.  The parking lot is pretty small and gravel, and once inside, the layout is slightly awkward.  You order at the register, using hanging menu boards above or paper printed tri-fold menus to decide what you want, kitchen window directly to your right, seating area 1 just behind you, and seating area 2 behind the register (and yes, seating area 2 is where you'll find the drinks).  After ordering, you're given a number and can select your seat; food will be brought out to you.Two sandwiches ordered later, we were ready to stuff our faces - and stuff our faces we did.  I got the Southern Belle with turkey, which came out on texas toast, covered in boursin cheese, and layered with more turkey than I consume at Thanksgiving (and yes, the fried green tomatoes atop were delicious); the side of macaroni and cheese, bless it's heart, looks a bit odd, but sure does taste good.  My boyfriend got the Cheesy Sauceman with brisket, and said the brisket was the best he's had outside of Texas; six hushpuppies adorned the full plate.  As good as our sandwiches were, there's a few more from the menu that I'm eyeing and will be trying next time... because there will be a next time.  The Sauceman returneth!
3	I was so excited to try this place out! I'm big fan of bbq and this place is down the street from my friend's apartment.With a group of 4, we came in at around 8pm. Place wasn't packed but the staff was quite friendly. I ordered the half-rack of ribs combo that came with slaw and hushpuppies with mac & cheese. I'm not a big fan of slaw so I asked them if I could substitute. Their answer was flat-out NO. :/ Anyways, when I did get my food, the mac & cheese was delicious. I remember eating it at Taste of Charlotte but the ribs weren't fall-off-the-bone which I favor but they did have a nice flavor to them. The hushpuppies were pretty good as well.. but the only thing is that they only gave me TWO. Two?! Why?! Everyone else had a helping but I only get two?! Urgh. I can't comment on the slaw because apparently, "substitute the slaw please" meant no slaw given.For dessert, we ordered the famous "sugar biscuits" and being Asian, I noticed they are exactly like chinese donuts or "youtiao"... I was expecting real biscuits.I'm giving this a 3 stars, however, because the sweet tea lemonade is the BOMB! Sooooooooooo gooooooooood. Best Arnold Palmer I've had yet.
4	I'm new to BBQ, but if it's all like this.. I'm all in! The sauce is fantastic! I had the chopped with a side of fried green tomatoes and I was very pleased. The staff is great (Octavio) and the atmosphere is fun. Write your name on the wall, tell 'em I sent ya! Only downfall.. Should be open later, however the 4:00 listed here on Yelp is incorrect.
4	This place was very good! I ordered the chopped pork, white coleslaw and beans for lunch, and everything was tasty. The pork had a nice flavor and wasn't too fatty. I dislike barbecue with lumps of fat in it that I have to eat around, but this wasn't like that at all. I was able to finish all the pork on my plate. The portion was just right for lunch, and wasn't a bad deal for around 8 bucks. I would definitely go back!
3	I normally don't write reviews, but felt compelled to write about some of my visits to Sauceman's for constructive purposes. They are a new establishment and have kinks to work out. With that stated, lets begin. The first time I went with my father, they were brand new. The guy at the register didn't greet us...just ask what we wanted. We ordered two plates and he shouts out red or white. He was talking about the slaw, which we had no clue. I just feel as a new restaurant, you should greet patrons by welcoming them there, asking if this is their first time, and then explain how the ordering process works. Yeah they have a chalk menu (that probably clarifies a few things), but it's high up, very lengthy, and the type needs to be larger. I do recall waiting more than usual for such a small order. The BBQ was good, with good ole charred pieces in it. You add the sauce, which are SC mustard, Eastern vinegar based, and a Western tomato based....and they're not labeled, which is annoying. There may be more...I just remember these. The SC mustard didn't taste good at all....tasted like the plastic bottle it was in. I've never been a fan of vinegar, so I went with western, which was ok. Don't really remember the sides for that particular trip. My next trip was with a friend that had been wanting to try them out. We both got the BBQ sandwich's. His with fries, mine with rings. The sandwich's were plenty big, with meat falling out of them. They were also reasonably priced compared to other local BBQ places. The rings, which can easily be screwed up, weren't greasy, and had a crunch to them. They passed. My third trip was when me and some friends did were in a jam and needed food fast. We got Sauceman's  tailgate special to go. We got que, buns, beans, slaw, and hush puppies. This was a "basic" BBQ tailgate meal and we had no problems with anything. The $38 also seemed reasonable. Well....now for the reason I'm writing this. My girlfriend had been wanting to try them out, so we went by last Friday-7/3/12. We both got a pork plate. Mine with white slaw/mac n cheese. Hers with red slaw/collards. They both had two big hush puppies on each plate. First off, the que was tasty, but the sides were just awful. My white slaw was floating in mayonnaise...way too watery. I hate slaw like this. I was told the ketchup/vinegar based slaw was good. The mac n cheese was a big let down. You feel like you should get authentic, homemade mac n cheese at a BBQ place, but this looked like what I used to make as a kid with the powdered Kraft stuff. It literally had these clumps of lumpy, powdered like cheese pieces that made it look disgusting and it didn't taste that good either. The collards did taste alright, but could use better seasoning. We didn't even eat our hush puppies. They were saturated with grease that ran down your lips when you bit in to them...just nasty. Also, the batter was very bland tasting. Needed some onion, heat, or something. So the bottom line for me is that the BBQ is good here. They just to work on their wait staff and sides. Sides are very important. That's where a place like Mac's or Midwood Smokehouse beats them hands down. Wishing you the best Sauceman's!!!
5	Best BBQ (pulled pork) we ever had!!!!!Several times a year we head to Charlotte.  Upon arrival at Charlotte Douglas airport, we get our rental car and head to a BBQ restaurant.  We've tried a number of them and this time we were intrigued by what we had read about Sauceman's -- 228 West Blvd.  Oh man, the reviews could not do justice to the deliciousness ( think I made that word up!!!) to the pulled pork BBQ, sauce, mac & cheese, greens and yummy hush puppies.  Oh my gosh, it was out of this world.  We have no need to continue exploring the BBQ restaurants -- we have found our little slice of heaven.  Now if we only lived closer.........
5	Brisket with cheddar cheese, granny smith apple slices and applewood smoked bacon  on 2 huge slices of texas toast equals one of the most amazing sandwiches EVER. EVER. Add fried green tomatoes or deep fried corn as a side and its an epic meal. I love this place. Everything i have had so far has been outstanding. My favorites are the sandwiches on their grill menu. It isn't your typical sandwich menu instead, its interesting combinations of toppings served with your choice of meat on texas toast. Delicious texas toast.  Pimento cheese and fried pickles on some bbq pork?! Hell yes. Im in. There are 5 different "grill" sandwich options. I have tried 4 out of the 5 so far and each one has been awesome. This is my go to place for all things BBQ now. Frequenting it as often as once a week. The food is great, staff is nice and prices are very reasonable. Decent specials on booze too. Also to note, they have one of the best lunch specials around. A BBQ sandwich, slaw, a side and a drink- all for $6.50. The parking lot is small though and it can get very busy during lunch hours so i would recommend getting there early.
3	This place is a skip (or realistically speaking, 1.5 miles or 5 mins drive straight down Tryon per google) away from my office yet I never been there.  I believe it was a pizza joint at one point, but apparently since then reincarnated into a BBQ joint.  I am not a big BBQ fan, never have a craving for it but then I can put away some meat if I must.  First tasting of sauceman's foods came from an office catered lunch.  I was impressed by the mac and cheese.  You know it's good when people were scrapping the foil pan.  So today for lunch I decided to give the place a try in person.  Warning: parking is horrific for lunch crowd.  The lot is small at a busy intersection.  I was hungry and hungry folks don't think or drive straight. I felt like I am in a hunger game southend version. We literally just "parked" the car at the curb next to some shrubberies. The place is tiny, and it was packed. The moment we walked in the building, there was a line formed for ordering.  Since it's first time visit, I had no clue if I am in a fast food joint or full service joint. A little confusing. Well, fast food it is. The stack of menu hangs on the wall.  The line moved quickly, meaning unless you know the menu already, otherwise you have limited time to decide.  Menu offering: regular chopped BBQ sandwich or tray or plate, brisket, ribs (but apparently not available at all times, they said the ribs are being cooked down the street... Huh?), specialty sandwiches, sides/veggies plate, wings, and tailgate package.Food arrived in decent time frame.  Waitress explained the sauces on the table (sweet, Carolina vinegar and mustard based). Food looked appetizing on a big round tray.  My sweet smoke sandwich consists of pulled pork with cheddar, bacon and grinny smith apple slices served between two Texas toasts.  Sounded good. Good portion as well.  However besides the pork and cheese I couldn't taste the other items. I wonder if the apple slices are a little thicker if that would come out more.  And i don't know why I couldn't taste the bacon, i saw it, but they were thin.  Pork was moist and had flavor.  I ended up using a little of the octane mustard sauce and the sweet BBQ sauce to help juice it up.  My (big) side mac and cheese was still good.  Yes it was lumpy but the pasta was moist and had good flavor.  Definitely not from a box. $8.50 is reasonably priced. My bf ordered brisket plate. It came with red or white slaw.  We got the red, because I remember it was better than the mayo based from catered lunch. This time it tasted good but very watery.  Chopped cabbage price went up? Brisket came with 2 slices of Texas toasts instead of hushpuppies, more filling in my opinion, and a side.  We tried the fried corn. Holy macaroni it was salty.  Someone went crazy with the seasoning shaker.  But I dipped it in the slaw sauce, and the sweet and tartness washed the sodium off.  I liked the corn otherwise. The brisket was a little fatty.  I wouldn't mind but he likes his brisket lean...which means lots of the meat got left aside.  No worried, I finished them :). But does this worth $11.50... A little overpriced in my book, since the portion isnt that big. Service for what it is was good.  The cashier guy shorted me $2 on the coupon (btw, they have coupons on valpak.com) and when I asked him, he was nice about it.  They came by and asked how everything was.  Conclusion: This place is worthy of a visit. I am not an expert in BBQ, can't say if this is the best or worst but it's solid quality. And sorry, I think it's better than Mac's, which is just overrated in my opinion.
5	One of my recent discoveries in Charlotte is Sauceman's BBQ. When I was growing up in Charlotte the small building at the corner of S. Tryon and West Boulevard was a scary looking Chinese takeout spot - not anyplace I ever thought to stop, although I did frequent the Bojangles across the street! Now with the light rail just a long block away and the burgeoning businesses on Camden Ave. nearby, the owners of Sauceman's have turned this once bleak spot into a highlight of the neighborhood and they serve some tasty BBQ to boot.I've dined at Sauceman's twice and tried the chopped BBQ, the coarse chopped BBQ, the brisket and the ribs. My favorite is the brisket and the chopped BBQ as well as the mac & cheese, the fried green tomatoes and the hush puppies. The BBQ has a nice smoky flavor and several sauces are available to finish it off. The hush puppies are BIG and tasty. For dessert I indulged in the sugar biscuits - basically fried dough with sugar on top - yum! Next time I want to try the shrimp and grits, which I observed someone else eating last visit. I also saw someone attempting Sauceman's own food challenge: the Clark Griswold - let's just say one person should not be able to eat this giant portion of 2.5 lbs. of chopped pork, hush puppies, bread, slaw and another side dish! If you can eat it in under 30 minutes, it's free - otherwise it's $25. Maybe next time I'll try this with a couple of friends!
4	I'll make it simple, the best Q in Charlotte.  I've had it all.  Only place close to it is in Little Switzerland, NC 2 hours away.  Really, I've eaten at the others.  I wish these guys well.  5 stars for the Q but I dropped one for the little things.  Little things that might just not fit but think about less plastic and less paper serving bowls.  I know it's petty but ...AND more beer and better beer.  CLT is a beer hub now.  Get the NODA on tap and I'll commit to putting on 10 pounds.  With all this said, THE BEST Q IN TOWN.
2	I'd recommend a road trip to Lexington instead.The chopped BBQ was decent. Not as dry as what I've had from Mac's Speed Shop but the smokiness reminds me of the Dickey's Barbecue Pit chain. I suspect liquid smoke is used here.Also, judging from people's photos on Yelp and my own experience Sauceman's cannot consistently make BBQ slaw the right way. Mine was like chopped cabbage drowning in Kansas City BBQ sauce.On the plus side, their banana pudding is good.
5	Very good! Lots of choices and unique sandwich combinations. The sauces, mac n cheese and banana pudding were amazing!
5	A few years ago, a friend of mine in South Florida told me about a fantastic BBQ restaurant  in Charlotte, North Carolina known as "Sauceman's." Fast forward a few years, and I had the opportunity to try it out.Sauceman's is located a couple of miles south of the Downtown area about 10-minutes or so depending on traffic. I truly love the taste of real pit  BBQ. I have had good BBQ in most every state in the south...Kentucky, Alabama, Georgia, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, and of course Florida. Each state and restaurant  offer their own individual twist and "secrets" that makes their BBQ flavor unique. I have had very good BBQ in every state that I mentioned. And now..."The Gold Standard"...Sauceman's ! Without a doubt they have the best brisket, chicken, and ribs that I have ever tasted. Not even close. It is incredibly good. Full flavor, moist, smoke, color...all just ideal. My personal favorite is their brisket sandwich with fries and baked beans. No cutting corners, nothing rushed, quality only. The proof is in the rich flavor. Sauceman's gives you plenty of food for your money makes it a good value too. If you like cold beer to go with your BBQ, I highly recommend a draft Sierra Nevada Pale Ale. Sure, you will need a forklift to extract yourself after your meal, but life does not offer any do-overs, so when you are in the mood for BBQ, you cannot do better. I might also add that the young ladies that take the orders are genuinely nice and are very knowledgeable about the menu in case you have any questions. There are three or four BBQ sauces on the table to give you some variety if you want to add any of them to your BBQ. A couple a flat screen TVs and you are set for the duration of your visit. If there is better tasting BBQ anywhere, I want to know about it. But until I discover one better, it's "all hail to Sauceman's."
4	Came here with some friends before one buddy was heading back to Cali for awhile.  Some highlights and "low"-lights for y'all:Highlights:One word to describe the dry rub wings: OTHERWORLDLY.  The sauced-up wings were good, but almost too intense--good thing there's beer on hand to subdue it a bit.  DEF get the wings when you go.  The BBQ (pulled pork) was so good you didn't really need any sauces.  Savory and the right amount of smoky taste.  Lowlights:Ribs were mediocre and inconsistent.  Came here a few days before and the ribs were cooked to where it was fall-off-the-bone.  This time around, the ribs were a bit on the dry side and stuck to the ribs.  I'm no BBQ expert, but as I understand it, there should be a little bit of pull from the bone.  Both times, the ribs missed the mark.That said, I'll definitely go back at some point.  I might be a slowly coming around to living in the south... I'm guessing when you CRAVE BBQ, it's the first step...dmo out.
4	Accidentally came here because I was lost in the neighborhood. As Bob Ross would put it, this turned out to be a "happy little accident." Thehe decorations, drawings and paintings in the store was very interesting and made it feel almost like an art museum-- it was pretty hip. I had a grilled bbq chicken salad with banana pudding to-go, and when I got home, it blew me away. The chicken smelled and tasted amazing, and the raspberry dressing topped it all off. The banana pudding was humongous and it was only $5. Hopefully I'll get lost near Sauceman's sometime very soon!
4	I recently went to Sauceman's and absolutely loved it.  The food is great (especially the pork), the staff is super friendly and it's super cheap.  I had the combination platter with chopped pork, brisket and ribs with side orders of coleslaw, mac & cheese, and fried green tomatoes.  Everything was super yummy.  I can't wait to go back to Charlotte so I can eat there again.
4	After getting out with some great friends of ours for the first time in a while, we decided to take them to Sauceman's. I'm a huge BBQ fan and Sauceman's was one of the places left on my list in town. Though this location doesn't seem to be much from the outside, it definitely holds a firm place in my BBQ-loving soul amongst the other varietals in town. I had passed by this little building so many times on my way in and out of Uptown and always wanted to stop in. It's pretty small inside with some tables and a walk-up counter to order at. We started with some fried pickles and onion rings. Fried Pickles are somewhat of a ubiquitous app in town. Throw a stone in any direction and there is a joint that serves em the same as a few others in town. They weren't really anything to write home about. I actually wasn't too thrilled with the flavor and only ate a couple. The onion rings were great. Thick, but battered cooked correctly so you don't end up pulling out the entire onion from the inside of the batter housing. Well done here, ladies and gents in the kitchen. I ordered the thick cut pork. Nice chunks of pork and a nice change of pace from my typical goings of the chopped variety. I really enjoyed the larger pieces and eating them with a fork and knife. The flavor was fantastic and their Carolina Mustard BBQ sauce was a stupendous addition. The hushpuppies they serve with each meal are some of the best I've had in town. Huge ones, too. Not small like others I've had, which was a nice change as well. I just freaking love hushpuppies all around. Very happy with my entree. Another big plus was the fact that they had Triple C's Smoked Amber on draught. Such an incredible brew and works rather well with BBQ. The service was great. One girl and a few people in the kitchen were holding down the entire operation. Next time, I might check out their wings as I've heard they are of note. Needless to say, I'm stoked about heading back to Sauceman's rather soon.
4	In town visiting family and wanted some good Carolina BBQ.  We were downtown and after being told by a policeman that Sauceman's was right down the street, we decided to walk.  After a 4 mile trek in the blazing summer heat, we made it there, still breathing!  My thoughts during our trek were "this better be worth it!"IT WAS DEFINITELY WORTH THE WALK!  Small little BBQ joint with with the most amazing food!  I opted for the "Sweet Smoke" (BBQ  Pork, Sweet Granny Smith Slices, Cheddar Cheese & House-Smoked Applewood Bacon on Texas Toast).  Heaven in my mouth!  I also had the fried green tomatoes and homemade mac n' cheese.  Both were out of this world, melt in your mouth delicious!  I can't say enough about the awesomeness of this place!  (Also tried the Dixie Cuban (BBQ Pork, Pimento Cheese and Fried Pickles on Texas Toast -  another winner!)P.S. Don't forget to leave your "mark" on the wall!
3	Since it happens to effect almost everything i wrote about in my initial review I feel obligated to update with some info i picked up on my last visit.  Apparently, there have been some menu changes since they were featured on BBQ Pitmasters. I was told they couldn't keep up with the increased  business so the fried options such as corn and fried green tomatoes are now only available on the weekends. Originally someone said  the grilled sandwiches were being completely removed from the menu (major bummer since those were my absolute fave), but now their website says they are available but only on Fridays after 2pm and Sat. Which is cool i guess that they weren't taken off altogether but those time changes pretty much guarantee that im not going to be able to eat them again anytime soon. So in conclusion before heading there to check out anything mentioned in my review check the time and day of the week to alleviate any potential disappointment in case the items are not being offered.
4	Loved this place. We were a large group coming in close to closing time, and he sat us down with no problem. We tried almost every appetizer. All good. All fried, but good. I had the 3 meat samplet and really wish I just got the brisket. I thought that the best. Large portions though. Will definately come back here. (Was here back in December)
3	I finally got to check this place out and I enjoyed it but not thrilled about it like other reviews.  The sauces were great, but I actually thought they would have more of a sauce selection rather than just the typical barb-b-q region flavors.  By this, I mean unusual flavors like jalapeno/honey with cream or something crazy like that - I just made that up, so don't give me a hard time.The meat itself was nice. The hush-puppies were a little too crispy on the outside and the bathrooms could have been cleaner.  The waitress was great but the host was a little rushed...I would try it again to see if I had a different opinion.
5	This is as good as BBQ gets. Hands down the best BBQ I've ever tasted anywhere in Charlotte, and through out all of NC and SC, including Lexington.The pork has the most amazing bark, which a lot of places don't even have, let alone have it taste so good. Every bite you can taste the smoke and flavor so well in the BBQ you barely need sauce.... even though their Love and Smoke sauce is also the best BBQ sauce ever. I cannot recommend this place enough.
5	Flavorful. Juicy. Yummy.  If you don't enjoy this place, then you don't know bar-b-que.
5	Love the sauces, inexpensive. Got the coarse chopped sandwich.. Loved it. Great lunch
5	First visit to this area and was told this was THE place for good Q.  They were absolutely right!  The Q was great, I had the chopped pork and it was moist and had great bark and flavor.  The fried green tomatoes on the side were the best I've ever had.  My friend had the brisket and he raved about it.  The hand cut sweet potato fries and the fried corn were also very good.  The sauces were also very good.  I didn't care for the mustard sauce but the Carolina Vinegar was some of the best I've ever had.  The "Face of the Restaurant", Octavius was awesome with greeting us, taking our order and making suggestions and also enthusiastically promoting the business.  This guy is what makes mom and pop restaurants so fun to visit.  Not to mention his off the menu "Octane" sauce.  If you are a Q afficianado you have to go to this place.  And Saucemans, you should NEVER, EVER let Octavius get way.  Great place.  GO NOW!
3	They didn't have ribs ready. It's a BBQ joint, and they didn't have ribs ready during the lunch hour. The chopped BBQ was fine. The sauce was good. I'd have it again, but I was really hoping for the ribs which is what they're supposed to be known for.
5	Excellent ribs and pulled pork. I'm a Yankee and this place rules. Not what I expected for Carolina BBQ, but then again, please see previous sentence .  Greens were awesome, and we enjoyed the mac n cheese as well. Sugar biscuits were killer (pretty much a donut rolled in lots of sugar) as was the banana pudding.  Wait time for take out was lengthy and I do not believe I received the portion sizes I paid for. Despite potential shortcomings I am on vacation and the food here is awesome. Definitely will return.
5	Great BBQ, fun atmosphere and very reasonable prices.  We've never had a bad meal and we tend to hit it most days we're in Charlotte (coming up from Columbia).  Definitely would recommend if you like good, inexpensive BBQ. They've got all the good meats, all the good sauces, great sides, and you can write on the walls.Check it out.
4	I was in the mood for barbecue on this particular trip to Charlotte so I figured I would give Sauceman's a try.Restaurant was easy to locate across from Bojangles at the intersection of Tryon and West St. It's only maybe a quarter mile from I-77. Only negative is not many parking spots so if you get one at the building you're lucky. Inside is your typical barbecue restaurant. Not many seats thought I'd have to estimate around 30-50 max capacity. The restaurant can confuse you if it's you're a first timer because where you order is in the middle of the place and the drink machine is on the other side of the wall of the register where there are additional seats.The pulled pork barbecue has very good smokey flavor with three sauces to choose from. A western nc style sauce that tastes like a regular store brand sauce honestly. The eastern style vinegar based sauce is a good choice if that style is how you like your sauce. The third is a mustard based sauce that, you guessed it, tastes like mustard. The brisket was fork tender and I didn't even need the knife they gave me. It also had a good smoke flavor but between the two I'd have to rate the pulled pork the better of the two. It is North Carolina after all. The cole slaw comes in a French fry tray and I believe it is a pickle juice based slaw and has good flavor but mind you I'm not a big slaw guy. Both brisket and barbecue come with texas toast but you don't notice until you eat down the barbecue because it is piled on top of the toast. The hushpuppies are good and crunchy as well, and just the right size.Overall you get your money's worth in the barbecue plates and the kids sandwich is the size of a regular adult sandwich at most places. Outside of the parking issue, and getting confused finding the drink machine, Sauceman's gets a good 4 from me.
5	Unbelievable barbecue! Stopped by here on the way back from the airport and ordered the coarse chopped plate. Delicious! We will come again.
5	This was a Fantastic lunch experience.  Recommended by a local friend and he did not let us down.  We arrived early for lunch, but by Noon the place was packed.Great BBQ, lots of choices, and the fried green tomatoes were excellent.
4	I would have liked to try the brisket but the pork and ribs were pretty good. A little small for eating-in but it isn't that bad.
4	I'm not a carnivore type which is what prevents me from giving Sauceman a 5 star. However, Sauceman's definitely won honorable mention in my books. The veggie and side dishes at this place are phenomenal! I especially love the collard greens & fried green tomatoes.  The briskets are so tender they taste like 'butta!' Their baby back ribs needs work as they frequently come out burnt and dry. The staff is friendly and can assist to answer any questions. If you need a refill on the drinks, the fountains are behind the front counter. If you're coming here for lunch, come early.
4	Deeeelish!
5	Woohoo! Nothing beats having some good BBQ and comfort food when you're in the south :)We went to Sauceman's for lunch one Friday and were ready to get our grub on. I ordered the brisket plate w/ white slaw which was served on 2 slices of Texas toast plus a side of mac & cheese. I also tried some of the the chopped pork since my friend and I shared our main meats. The food was pretty darn good and the price was even better! My entire platter was only about $11 plus a few extra dollars for the mac & cheese, but well worth the value. The service was fantastic - everyone who works there is super friendly and actually seems like they want to be there which makes the whole experience even better.The only thing that kinda sucked was that we were too early to order from their grill section (after 2pm on Fridays and all day Saturday), but hopefully I'll be back down in Charlotte soon and will try to go when I can order from this part of the menu!
4	Came here on a Friday afternoon just before they started to offer their weekend Platters (Fri after 2pm and on), but we got a taste of their standard plates and platters.  They don't have a wide array of options, which is good since they stick to what they know best.  I ordered the pork plate with red slaw.  I'm a barbecue fan, and even though it wasn't the best I've tasted (Austin, TX bbq still ranks as my favorite), it was pretty darn good.  The sauces were plentiful enough as they have the typical choices for a mustard based and vinegar based sauce along with the traditional.  The place is small but they do have outdoor seating.  I would recommend to add this to the list to take visitors to for some good southern BBQ.My brother-in-law ordered the half rack of ribs which were actually quite a large portion for lunch and he said this place was the best he's tasted in Charlotte so far.  Another highlight was the mac n' cheese side which will now be my favorite there. We also ordered the fried doughnuts, which were just ok.  I've had better at asian buffets.
5	Very good 'que.Onion Rings and hush puppies as good as I've had anywhere.  I prefer the white slaw to the red, but that's just preference I guess...
4	When friends came in town to visit, we wanted to take them to eat some Carolina BBQ, but we couldn't decide where.I had tried Mac's Speed Shop and felt it was inauthentic (I know, blasphemy in Charlotte). My boyfriend had tried Midwood Smokehouse and had the same feeling. We decided to take a risk on Sauceman's, and I am so glad we did.The menu is not extensive, but it's all you really need. The brisket was out which was a total bummer (and part of the reason I give this place 4 stars instead of 5), but the pulled pork was really good and definitely satisfied.All four of us were very pleased, overall. We tried some different sides to go with our meals--collared greens were a big hit, as were the hush puppies and the potato salad.I had the fried corn, which was delicious, but it had so much pepper on it I couldn't eat it (although my friend Dave gladly finished it for me). The fried green tomatoes were really good, but I had just had Terrace Cafe's that morning, and honestly there is no comparison. Terrace Cafe's fried green tomatoes are the ultimate in Charlotte.For BBQ, sides, and local beer, this is probably my favorite spot in Charlotte so far. I am still hoping for that five-star gem that will be the equivalent of Raleigh-Durham BBQ, but this is a great place to satisfy until I can travel out there again.
4	Went for lunch with a co-worker yesterday.  Got there around 12:30 knowing it was a small place, and hoping that some of the inside tables would turn and we could sit inside.  I love it when a plan comes together (RIP George Peppard)I parked in the grass in an outside parking lot and passed by the big a** smoker on the trailer on the way in and watched the guy with the chainsaw cutting the wood to feed the fire right next to it.  Now that, my friends is how I imagine heaven.Nice decor, they allowed patrons to write all over the wall which was enjoyable to read the BBQ centered graffiti.  I got the 3 meat sampler which included Smoked Turkey, Beef Brisket, and chopped pork.  1st the chopped pork was awesome.  Whomever is responsible for that smokehouse knows how to smoke pork.  It was moist, flavorful and had a great wood smoke flavor.  It didn't even need sauce.  Beef Brisket was completely dry and not worth even trying, I left it alone.  Smoked turkey looked dry but surprisingly it wasn't.  Again, nice smoke flavor and when complimented with the sauce of which there are many selections was good.  Next time I'd stick with the pork.I have a steadfast rule that if a place serves Mac & Cheese I must try it.  I didn't care that much for Sauceman's the mac was fine, the cheese was gritty and not smooth the way mac and cheese should be.  All in all, good cue.  The experience with watching the guy and the smoker was enough to get me to return, I love that stuff!!!
5	This place should be on everyone's list of must do bbq places in Charlotte. Went there for lunch with the family and tried several things - personally had the brisket, which was perfectly cooked - big smoke flavor and so tender I could pull it apart.  Actually never tried any of the bbq sauces due to the fact that the meat was so good.  Tried bites of everyone else's food - chopped pork was super moist and way tasty (also love it when bbq places use a high quality white bread bun, and they do), mac and cheese had huge cheddar flavor and an entirely homeade taste, hushpuppies were basically funnel cake balls.  To top it off, the sweet tea was very much on point.  Sat outside, enjoyed some tremendous food for a reasonable price, kids played a mean game of corn hole.  Rather perfect, really.
2	After hearing all the rave reviews I finally decided to try it. I ordered the brisket sandwich, & at $7 it was a pretty good deal. The meat itself was juicy & tender. My complaint about it would be the lack of sauce. I'm aware that there's bottles at the table so that way you're able to add it yourself. Some people may love it that way, I don't. I feel like I'm unable to get the proper meat to sauce ratio. My friend ordered the pulled pork, & he loved it. I would like to go back & try the ribs or pork. Also I ordered sides of Mac n cheese & collard greens. I wouldn't particularly recommend either... especially the collards, they were extremely bland.
2	We love BBQ joints, and were excited about a new place in Charlotte.  Well we were not so excited after we waited over 30 minutes after we ordered to get our Q, and it was cold, like they had tried to heat up something out of the fridge (or freezer).  That is NOT how a good authentic Q joint operates.  The service is order at the counter, which is fine, and our server who brought the food to us was polite and enthusiastic. The place was packed.  Parking is difficult.  To be fair, this was months ago.  Maybe they have figured things out by now.
4	All I can say is DELICIOUS!!  Hubby and I stopped at Sauceman's on our way home from a relaxing trip to Asheville, N.C. and I have to say we were pleasantly surprised by this place. Don't expect an elegant dining experience here, but rather good barbecue at a reasonable price. My only complaint is that they were out of a few items on the menu....I was particularly disappointed that they didn't have any barbecue chicken, but nevertheless the very friendly owner (I believe) suggested the sampler plate which was delicious and satisfying. When I'm in the mood for barbecue, I will definitely consider a drive back to Sauceman's to get some.
3	I first tasted their food at Taste of Charlotte.  Its dam good.  The problem is the next two times I called them they said they ran out of food (both times were about an hour before close).  I went the other day on a Saturday around 6 pm and they had food.Now for the bad...Service is VERY slowParking is AWFULLocation is AWFUL and SMALLLayout is BAD - register is in the middle of the floor and dining areais split in two.Running out of food is UNACCEPTABLEHours are not the greatest eitherNo loyalty program was presented to me, even though they did have one.The food is the best BBQ in the city (its better than Midwood IMO) but Id be very concerned that all of the negatives above are going to end up being their downfall.
1	FOOD IS GOOD, BUT SERVICE IS A JOKE - NOT WORTH IT."The mac & cheese is a little bland today," were the first words our server said to us - not exactly a ringing endorsement from a place that supposedly had good food.  I am very willing to put up with questionable service if the food is great, but my experience at Sauceman's just wasn't worth it.  We placed our order and waited 30 mins - so long that the music playlist of 80s hits started to repeat itself.  During that 30 mins, the two female servers proceeded to REPEATEDLY bring the wrong food to our table... and to 2 of the other 3 tables with patrons waiting.  The dining area is split into two rooms, and there were about 10 people in our room, and maybe 6 in the other room, and with about 2 to 4 people waiting for take-out orders.  For 30 mins, we watched these 2 unorganized, poor souls circle around the room, bringing the wrong food to tables, apologizing, asking what they ordered, and then bring the wrong food AGAIN.  My table ordered 2 plates (simple), yet we were brought racks of ribs, sandwiches, and everything except our correct order.We watched the girls comp the two tables before us (not a good sign), then eventually comp our table.  They were very apologetic, and tried to ease the pain by feeding me free beers to make up for it.  Don't know how this establishment will ever make any money by messing up orders and giving away food and beers for free.Now, about the food.  The mac & cheese was on the bland side, but the chopped pork, and ribs and sauces were very good.  The brisket was a little on the dry side (but good nonetheless) and the slaw would be better called "cabbage soup," since that's what the consistency was like.  Our food came out cold - that probably had to do with the mess in the kitchen.  And the burnt ends appetizer came out about 5 mins after our entrees did (approx 40 mins after we placed our original order).  But, overall the food was good, but not great enough to deal with the absolute tragedy in the back of house.There were no managers or owners on site.  If there were, maybe this place would run a little more smoothly.  The food is very good, but so is my grandmother's.  If this establishment continues on this track, it will be another Charlotte casualty within 3 years.  Places with equal to slightly worse food but MUCH BETTER SERVICE will blow this place out of the water.1 star because the food is good, but the service was awful.  If they get a manager in there to run the show and smooth things out, then this place will succeed.  But until then, I wont be back.
3	Was really excited about trying Sauceman's.  Now that I have, I know that if I travel this distance from home for cue, it will be to go to Midwood Smokehouse instead.  Don't get me wrong, Sauceman's serves above average BBQ but, there are just some things that don't add up to what Midwood brings to the table.  Let's take them one by one.1.  The meat.  Got a three meat combo platter with Ribs, Brisket and Pork.  The ribs were great, came sauced (dry would be a nice option) with two bones.  Brisket was one fairly large slice with tons of fat and it was dry with little in the way of a visible smoke ring.  Pork was chopped and good with nice mix of pork, bark, etc.  But, it was cold.2.  Portion size.  Very small for the price tag.  At Midwood, a combo is a four bucks more but I've never ever finished all the meat and always bring some home for a late night snack.  I could have eaten two full portions of what Sauceman's offered up.3.  Sides.  Good, hot crinkle cut fries which is a must since they're pretty hard to f'up.  The slaw had great flavor but...  The texture of the chopped cabbage in it made it clear it was, at minimum, yesterday's batch.  Think rubbery not crunchy.  The sides at Midwood are always as good as the cue and help make the meal.4.  Service.  Quick and friendly.That all sums up to an A-OK place that would be in danger of a 2 Star review update if I went again and had the same meal.
5	We saw this place on BBQ Pitmasters and put it on our to do list for the next time we're in Charlotte. Glad we did! I had their brisket sandwich with potato salad, fried corn (sounds weird right, very good though) and fried pickles. The joy of eating with your spouse is you get to try theirs too. He had the chopped pork sandwich with Mac n cheese and fried corn. Neither of us were wowed by the Mac n cheese (was a little dry) but everything else was great! Be sure to save room for the sugar biscuits, they're quite tasty too. As for the service we have no complaints! You order at the counter and they bring it out to you. A couple different employees stopped in on us to see how we were doing and how the food was. Everyone was friendly and the guy taking our order had some great recommendations.
4	The food is great & the service has always been top-notch.  I love the turkey here.Worth checking out!!
2	Expected more from this place being the Pittmaster Champion. They sure didn't win serving the Judges what they served me. Ordered up the brisket sandwich expecting multiple slices of brisket that I could cover in sauce.. But instead I received a block of meat on a bun. My cold crinkle cut fries were on my sons plate with his side order. Guess when the three of us placed our order she thought when I also ordered fried pickles for the table, I didn't need the fries. The sauce was great and the sandwich would have been great too if it was sliced. Like most places, I will try it again and blame it on them being busy but if it's a repeat I will take the 2 stars back.  So bummed that lunch sucked since we drove down from Huntersville to try this place.
4	I was having a lovely time at Festival in the Park trying to decide how to give myself an early onset heart attack - ooohh the choices- gyros, fried oreos, fried pies on a stick (maybe that one is made up). I was happy when I saw Sauceman's. You know, that place you always mean to go to. Here it was coming to me!Dove into the brisket sandwich and some dope (and I don't use the word dope lightly) mac and cheese. They had a choice of three sauces. The one numbed spicy (it was not) I doused my brisket and cheesy mac with. What a satisfying meal. The type of meal where your boyfriend stares you down because he finished eating before you and wants some of your food but instead of asking stares at you with starving wolf eyes until you offer your last two bites for the take of relationship harmony. Ladies, you know the look.Time to make time to try the banana pudding.
4	This place was No. 1 on my list of restaurants to visit when I visited Charlotte. I had seen Sauceman's on BBQ Pitmasters and they were the North Carolina Champions.  With such lofty expectations, it would have been easy to find something that didn't meet my expectations as far as the food was concerned. But Sauceman's delivered. The ribs were smoked to perfection. The pulled pork was juicy. The brisket was tender and lean. I had to mark this place down one star only because I thought there was an excess of flies on the patio. I understand that flies are to be expected on the patio at a BBQ place, but this was outrageous! A couple of guys near me were forced inside by the flies. Aside from the flies, though, this is definitely an amazing place for BBQ. Next time I'll just eat inside.
5	One of the best BBQ joints in Charlotte! I got a platter with chopped bbq, white slaw, hushpuppies and a side of fried pickles. It was reasonably priced and came out quick. They have a classic, vinegar,  and mustard sauces...all awesome! Definitely check this place out.
5	I'm not a food snob at all...until it comes to BBQ. I am very critical of BBQ, more than I would be at any other type of restaurant. When it comes to the 'Q I know what I want...delicious smoked meat complimented with a great sauce. There are a few joints in the area that I was underwhelmed by, as they either don't have a smokiness to the meat or the sauce is too strong or weak and does nothing for the meat. I'm happy to say that I have found my number two BBQ joint in the area, and it's Saucemans.Sauceman's feels like a good BBQ place from the start. It's a small place with a few tables and counter service, though they will deliver the food to you if you decide to sit inside after ordering. They also serve a few local beers on draft, and that's always a plus for me. The menu is pretty straightforward, offering a variety of smoked meats either on a sandwich or a platter with sides. The price is in the right ballpark, and the portions are gigantic. One thing I will say is that they tend to run out of food quickly. We got there at 6PM on a Saturday night and they were already sold out of smoked chicken, brisket and collards. Luckily I had come down with the intention of trying out the ribs, so I was not disappointed.I got the half rack of pork ribs ($14) and was amazed with the quantity and quality of the food. For starters, the ribs themselves were some of the best. They are not super duper tender, but more importantly they had an excellent smokiness to them. There are a variety of sauces to choose from such as a sweet tomato-based, a spicy mustard and a traditional Carolina vinegar. I enjoyed all three, and I'm not usually a fan of vinegar or mustard sauces. What I found to be the best was combining the tomato and mustard together, making a sweet and spicy sauce that played very nicely with the ribs themselves. The other important thing to note is that their sides are pretty kickass, which is a feature that some BBQ joints just lack. The mac & cheese is made with pimento cheese so it has a nice kick to it and the macaroni is cooked perfectly, so you get a bit of texture to it and not just a pile of mush. The hush puppies were also really good, though they were a bit too sweet for the missus'. The baked beans were good...nothing fancy, but just done simple and solid. The kicker was the white coleslaw which was crisp, refreshing and not overpowering. I rarely gobble up coleslaw by itself, but this stuff was so good I had no problem devouring whole forkfulls of it. Now you may be asking how my vegetarian wife managed to eat a meal here. Luckily all their sandwiches are actually a bit indepth and just add whatever meat you want to order. So the missus was able to order the Dixie Cuban ($10.50) without meat and got her dream sandwich of pimento cheese with fried pickles. This sandwich was massive with the cheese oozing out all over. The fried pickles did lose their batter while submerged in this ocean of spiced cheese but they were still good. It's tough sometimes for a carnivore like me to get to a BBQ joint with an herbivore for a wife. Most places don't have any true vegetarian options aside from a pile of sides, but no one wants a dinner of just fries, mac & cheese and baked beans. Thanks to pimento cheese I now have a place where I can chow down on succulent smoked meats while my wife can choose from a couple of different cheese-based sandwiches. Thank you Saucemans!!!
4	Not the best neighborhood, as evidenced by the security guard keeping an eye on things. But who cares? These are some really great ribs! I got a full rack even though I knew that there was no way I could finish them all. As with all good ribs, they were tender and very meaty and completely fall-off-the-bone. Not exactly moist, but not dry either.For sides, I chose the mac & cheese which was excellent. I also got the red slaw, which is probably really good for red slaw but I didn't care for it. The hush puppies were quite good and not greasy at all.Was it a five star rack of ribs? Maybe, maybe not. But I enjoyed 'em, my daughter enjoyed the two she "stole" from me. And my wife enjoyed the three ribs we brought home.Oh, and they had some Triple C on draft. Bonus!Charlotte has quite a few really good barbecue places. Sauceman's should be close to the top of the list.
5	My fave BBQ spot. Good: food is great, BBQ is always very moist, Mac n cheese is to die for, , good portion of BBQ, love the sugar donut things also!!! Cons: locations sucks, parking sucks, Mac n chz is always a small sized portion. Over all. 2 thumbs up! I drive from university area just get food here!
5	Stopped by here just before Christmas for a late evening meal after a church Christmas show with friends who sang high praises for their cusine.  After a quick review of the menu and a challenge from my friend,  WE, note the operative term here,  ordered the Griswold   deciding that we will tackle it together and win, if only personally that way.   This was a mistake!   There are times in my life when I think of my self as a bit greedy and can really put it away,  but This mountain of meat, quite succulent I might add, proved to be a formidable obstacle..   Designed for the Bbq eat lover,  with a side of hot fries and my trusty bottle of smart water,  I began my side of this mountain climb.. Close to 45 min later, a few burps and numerous finger-lickings, there was still a presence of the mountain. My friend bailed early, perhaps claiming the ladylike non-greedy protocol many small, weight watching women gravitate to, lol.  Anyway,  this proved a fun, delicious time...  Anxious to find a great date who will hold up her end of the fork on this mountain.... At least I  had seconds to take home.... Bravo saucepan,  I'll be back!!!!
1	This placed used to be top notch when they first opened but Sauceman's, like many, is not consistent. The only thing consistent is the decline in food quality and service since my first visit. Today WILL be my last. My friends and I just can't give them another chance. The Mac and cheese was disgusting. It wasn't cheesy, it was clumpy and tasted like Play-dough. The hushpuppies used to be my favorite but today and during my last visit they were hard as a brick, cold and dry on the inside. The ONLY reason why I didn't give them ZERO stars, if that's possible, is because the BBQ is decent. I ordered a BBQ sandwich and the bread was soggy but none the less the actual coarse chopped BBQ was decent.
5	Hands down best barbecue in Charlotte.  Best meat, sides, everything.  You may think other places are better until you try it.  Don't be frightened by the location on the map.  The interior is comfortable and they have an outdoor patio during nice weather.  Did I mention they sell beer too?  What more could you ask for?  Oh, they cater, so give them a call for the your next event.  Other barbecue places have decent meat, or good sides, but no other place in Charlotte puts it all together.  Trust me, I'm from Texas, can appreciate pork barbecue and I have looked for better.
5	BBQ Pork plate. Simple. Delicious. Love the "Love & Smoke" sauce. Don't forget to sign the wall!
1	I rarely get to review a restaurant's food because there are often bigger hangups to deal with at any restaurant I visit.Recently I was going to a show uptown and made a special trip to visit Sauceman's, knowing it was on the way.  Typically I have only come to Sauceman's for lunch, or on the weekend, so I am not familiar with their strange hours.  But even if I were, am I expected to keep them memorized forever?On a Thursday, this place closes at 6 PM.  Why?  Heck if I know.  But that's not really the point.  Point is, I got there at about 5:40 PM, and was excited to eat.  When I came in, I noticed all of the chairs were upturned on the tables, trashcans were empty, without bags, and there was one other customer waiting for a to-go order.  Seeing the chairs the way that they were, I just assumed they were cleaning the restaurant and mopping the floors after lunch, and were getting it ready to re-open for dinner.I told the female cashier (who I am almost certain is the poorly placed manager - she has been in supervisor mode every visit I have made) my order, and she specifically asked, "For here or To-Go?".  I said "for here" and she didn't argue.  She took my order, and I flipped the chairs back over at one table and went to the restroom.  When I came back, my food was waiting and I got ready to dig in.  I then noticed that there was no BBQ sauce on my sandwich, and no sauce bottles on the table.I rounded the corner to tell her there were no bottles on the table, and her response made me want to gag.  Rather than saying, "I'm sorry sir, that is my fault, here you are..." the smart mouth turned her back to me while mumbling to her coworker  "Yeah, that's 'cause we're closed".Am I wrong here, or is that how you are supposed to talk to customers that go out of their way to eat at your establishment?I was stunned.  She got the best of me.  I cannot tell you how hard my teeth were clenched to keep from getting back up and letting these people have it.Instead I quietly seethed and tried to enjoy the food, which was good, but irrelevant to the matter at hand.  While sitting there I watched a couple come in and ask if they could dine in.  The cashier told her they closed at 5 but they would still take to-go orders.  This was my first time hearing this - something I should have been told the second I walked in.  Maybe I am partially to blame for not questioning the upturned chairs, but again - it's 6:00 on a Thursday, and no normal person has ever looked at the door of a restaurant to say "Hmm, I wonder if they close early on this weekday?"The couple that came in after me waited on their to-go order, and I ate as fast as I could to get out of there and go write this review... and also to remove the incredible burden I had caused them by being there.I am fed up with people not appreciating the business they receive, and this restaurant can be added to the list.  I am sure the owners would love to know that the workers talk about the customers behind their backs like teenagers, but I cannot find out the owner(s) names to tell them.  That's probably just the way they want it to be.
4	Sauceman's has some of the best BBQ platters that Ive had in NC.  I love that you can select either a vinegar or mayo based coleslaw.  Each provides a very different experience with your meal.  In addition to the slaw, you select a side and I am committed to the mac n' cheese.  I don't like the "velveeta" style mac n cheese but a real side with real mixed cheeses.  Sauceman's does not disappoint.  Additionally, I also like that the sauces are kept at the table so that customers can sample different types with their pulled pork, brisket, turkey or chicken.  I usually mix it up!! The only reason I give 4 instead of 5 stars is the small venue, and the lack of parking.   The food, and customer service, however, are great!
4	When the right people are cooking this is the best pork in Charlotte. Fridays seem to be the best day to get the pork. Yellow sauce if you like it; their vinegar sauce needs work. Brisket here can be very good and I've found that the Whit Octane goes best with it. Ribs are also top notch. White slaw, red slaw, fried corn and greens are my favorite sides. They do have Brunswick stew and it is good but not outstanding. I would give it 4 1/2 stars if Yelp would allow it.As far as knowing their hours, they do have a website.
5	Barbecue so good you blackout temporarily while eating it.  You come to only after you've made a complete pig out of yourself.  Alright, maybe thats just me but this place is seriously legit.  The ribs are fall off the bone good, the brisket is probably some of the best I've ever had, and the pulled pork is tender and full of flavor.  The macaroni, collards, hush puppies, sweet potato fries, and fried pickles are all fantastic as well.  For those of you with a sweet tooth the sugar biscuits are worth a try.  Think fried homemade donut covered in sugar.
4	One word: Brisket.Oh my, Sauceman's has some mighty fine brisket. And their onion rings are pretty damn good too.I can't say a whole lot about the rest of the menu because I'm a creature of habit when it comes to Sauceman's but I'm fairly certain that everything else is going to be good.  Pay attention to their hours - I usually visit at lunch but if you're hankering for some good brisket for dinner, either get there early before 6pm on Monday-Thursday or you may have to wait until Friday or Saturday to get your brisket fix for dinner.
1	Ordered catering from here and they were utterly confused when I arrived about the order. To make things worse they then ignored me for 30 minutes until I asked again about it. Utter customer service failure, regardless of food. Better options exist.
2	Overpriced, not that special and always closed. We just go to Max Speed Shop now for way better ribs (and better price amazingly) and we know Max is open!
5	Love the BBQ and Mac and cheese!! You get a lot of BBQ! Never disappointed coming here! Yum!
4	Great brisket and Texas toast, and I'm a Texan, but the portions seemed small for a BBQ "plate" that's $12.50. The turkey had great smoked flavor, but was dry. The onion rings and white slaw were good. The service was fine. We went for lunch on a Friday. They have a nice side patio. The parking is definitely limited and tricky to get to from I-77. I thought turning right at the light and going in from Tryon St would be best, but it's a one-way parking lot going the other way. It looked like they had another lot if you drive past it on West Blvd and turn in. Overall, a good experience, but I still prefer Midwood Smokehouse.
5	So delicious! We had ribs, brisket, and a selection of sides. Absolutely worth the drive from Georgia!!
4	I've been here on two occasions for lunch and am quite happy with the quality of the food and the price. The first time around I tried getting a sampling of a few meats and the highlight here is obviously the pork. Unfortunately I was thoroughly disappointed by the chicken as it was very very dry. The sauces are all great. You can't beat a big plate of the coarse chopped pork with a slathering of various sauces. This order will certainly be my go-to moving forward.The last time I was here I witnessed some great sandwiches from the grill which look incredible. One of particular interest to me is the roasted turkey with Granny Smith apples and bacon (I think a cheese too). I'll be snagging this one next time.Overall a great little spot with some great pork barbecue at a very very reasonable price. Highly recommend.
3	My husband and I stopped in to Saucemans for dinner on Saturday. He went with the pork plate and I had the Southern Belle sandwich. He liked his bbq though said it didn't quite have the smokey flavor he prefers. My sandwich was HUGE and definitely tasty. I pulled off some of the pork and sampled the many table-side sauces;  all of which I enjoyed. I have to second Suzy S. and say the mac n cheese was awesome, but we didn't care for the coleslaw which had some sweet pickle in it (just not our thing). The food itself is an easy 4 stars but I would most likely never dine-in again. The place is full of windows and I literally felt like I was baking in the sun. I was rushing to finish my meal because I was so uncomfortable. Considering I am always cold, I couldn't even imagine how some of the other more hot-natured patrons must have felt. Saucemans needs to invest in a better AC-unit or some blinds. My other issue is that everything felt sticky and gross. They need to do a better job making sure they clean the caddies (containing all the sauces, seasonings, and menu)  on the table. I realize bbq sauce makes for sticky hands, but they need to make sure they are cleaning these as well as the tables as new diners sit down.
4	Super good!  First visit tried the Sweet Smoke sandwich with turkey minus the cheese.  It was just all kinds of good.  Lay off the sauce for the first bites and let all the notes of the smoked turkey, the sliced apple, the applewood bacon, and the (equally thoughtful) texas toast just play around a little.  You'll be glad you did.Then put a sauce out for dipping - don't put it on the sandwich...trust me.  You don't want to mask anything going on here.Coupled with their collard greens (which are on the sweet side - not in a bad way), this was a very filling and fantastic lunch.We're going back again soon!
2	I was inbetween 2 and 3 stars but had to knock it down to 2 after thinking about it.Caveat - I didn't get BBQ. I read all the good reviews about the turkey so I opted for that. The turkey was actually really good, but if I had to guess the portion was about 3oz. of meat. The sandwich is $7.50, so you would expect something more substantial for that amount of money, but no the sandwich was 3oz. of meat and some lettuce on the side to put on top of the sandwich.Got a side of hush puppies and they were ok, although a little burnt to be honest. No honey butter or anything along those lines to dip it in, so the dryness was accentuated for me with that.Overall, might go back one more time to give it a shot, but wasn't impressed this go round.
4	Rolled into Sauceman's for a quick dinner after flying back in town.  I really like this place.  It's casual as Hell and the food is really good.  Being someone that spends a good deal of time smoking my own meats, it's hard for me to find tasty barbecue out and about.  Sauceman's usually delivers with delicious Brisket and flavorful Pork. Tonight I had the Sauceman's Original grilled sandwich.  Layers of Brisket covered in Cheddar cheese, fried onions and tomatoes.  Yummy!  My only complaint was the paltry 6 onion rings as my side.  Hey, if I'm paying for a side, give me some onion rings.  These were tiny and left me wanting more of their delicious rings.  Overall, I'd have to say that Sauceman's is one of my favorite Charlotte BBQ spots.
3	Was excited to try them out but definitely hit with mediocre bbq. Only best thing was the sweet tea. But doesn't compare to Bojangles tea.
2	I can honestly say that I was a little disappointed, I came because this place had good reviews. The food was not bad, but it was nothing special either. I ordered the BBQ plate which came with hush puppies, slaw and a side. I orded the Mac and cheese, which had no flavor! I added pepper and salt to make it edible. The hush puppies looked good but were soooo dry inside... Yikes! I got a side of baked beans but nothing special either. Tasted right out the can. The BBQ was very yummy however I am a fan of vinegar sauces but Not theirs. Not good at all. But the mustard based was very delicious. Overall it was okay...but not something I'd drive out of my way for.
4	So after wanting to try the food in this place for what seems like forever I finally managed to find this place open on Friday night. Looking at it you don't think much but the proof is in the pudding right?? Precisely! Saucemans seems to have a lists of accolades and after reading these reviews on here and tasting a small sample at taste of charlotte I was really looking forward to having a full meal. I had the 2 meat sampler with Mac and White Coleslaw . my lady had the smoked turkey! I was really impressed with mine. The ribs were charred, smoked and covered in one of the nest sauces I've ever tasted. Only having a sampler I was disappointed at the fact I didn't have more of them to eat. I did however have the Brisket. Again this was an excellent cut of meat smoked to perfection, it was melt in your mouth soft and when you combined it with the sides was almost perfect. Texas toast was great, Mac n cheese was great and I'm not even a real fan of coleslaw but that was great too! Now if only this place was in a better building it would probably be the best BBQ in the state -easily. It already ranks on top for the taste but if it offered that actual restaurant experience instead of that lunch room/quickbite feel it has it would be on a whole other level I look forward to going back soon for a full rack of ribs - it will be glorious
2	I can't explain how a once great bbq joint has slid so low so quickly. They have plenty of trophy's and awards on display, but what they didn't have when I visited was a great meal to offer. I picked my Wife up at work, and wanted to celebrate our 25th Anniversary with a nice lunch. Fortunately she picked Sauceman's, not me. The first warning sign was that they were out of most of the fountain drinks. There was a hand written sign that said to get a can from the cooler. Except the cooler was out of diet sodas. When I asked, the woman behind the counter suggested I drink water. That was strike 1.We received our meals quickly, but before the server could walk away, I asked her if what I received was the $9 pork plate. The portion of hush puppies outweighed the pork on my plate. She said "yes, they weigh the pork", then walked away. Wow! That was strike 2.My Wife ordered the brisket sandwich, her usual menu choice. At first glance, all looked good. There was so much brisket that she had to take some out of her sandwich so she could fit it in her mouth. Before she took a bite, I looked at the meat on her plate, and showed her how dry it was. When I posted the picture one of my fellow Yelpers commented that it looked like jerky, not brisket. Strike 3.I don't know what happened to them, hopefully they can turn things around again. If it was just some dry brisket, I could forgive them. But between the issues with the soda, and the terribly small portions, it looks to me like this could be the beginning of the end for Sauceman's.
5	Best ribs I've had in North Carolina. The hush puppies were not warm in the center and it seemed like they were fried in a rush or needed the oil changed. It wasn't the most warm vibe when we first got there, but some of the kitchen crew came into the dining area and were quite nice. They have Cheerwine on the fountain, a rarity.The coleslaw would be much better if it was jullienned and not diced...We need some ruffage, yo. I know, I know, I know, do not tell a cook how to do his job, but this is constructive criticism. Texture goes good with juicy meat. Fine diced slaw has no bite back. You want the crispness. Tellin' you, son.There is a lot of paper waste, no actual plates are used. I hope they recycle all of that. If they can. Can you recycle paper slathered in BBQ? I am going to assume so. Sauceman's, if you aren't already recycling, step up for your community and let people know you aren't wasteful! Mother Earth, maaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan.They were playing Katy Perry and, like, Kelly Clarkson in there. Why is this kind of music being played at a BBQ place? Turn on the fuckin' Southern rock and blues. Please. I already have to listen to crap music pretty much every other place in public here in the year 2014. I want homegrown music with my BBQ!
3	Food is good, decent BBQ, but beware very greasy. Portions are not very generous. Compared to other restaurants in the area not a lot of food for the money. Overall it is average.
5	FantasticThis place has character and great food!2 meat sampler plate good amount of food. Mac & cheese so creamy yum.Sauceman's original grill (pork) OMG must be a 1/2 lb on bread wow filling!!Onion rings perfect, no need to salt them and the hush puppies slightly sweet outer yum yumDesert oh yes the SUGAR BISCUITS! Yep loud and clear they ARE the secret weapon!Don't forget to ask about writing on the wall lolI'll be back and back!
5	Great BBQ!  Loved the ribs, and the fried pickles were a treat!  Wings were not very spicy even though labeled hot.  Only downside was the length of time it took to get it.  Will be back.
5	Best BBQ in the Southeast. The Sides are as good as the BBQ.I am from Texas and I know good BBQ. You guys are the best in North Carolina.
1	We have enjoyed barbeque many times here, but yesterday we had a whole smoked turkey..  We were to heat it for an hour.  At the end of the hour it was still cold and when thighs were pulled away, it was not close to done!  We have smoked meats for years and know that it can have a pink tinge - this was raw, red, juicy, not shredding meat and just disgusting!  We had to take it apart and put the pieces in the oven to cook it fully. - and then it was dry.  Needless to say, our Thanksgiving was delayed and the fine art of getting everything ready at once was thrown off.  I can't imagine how they could send out an under cooked turkey!!!  I hope others didn't have this problem and that no one was sick from eating under cooked turkey!  I hope our wonderful hosts get most of their money back for this fiasco!!
5	First time and heard it was one of top 10 best bbq restaurants in Charlotte.We agree. Great bbq restaurant in Charlotte. We had the platters with beef brisket and smoked turkey and sides were sweet potato fries and slaw. The briskets were thick. Fried pickles came with the turkey. Very large portions and well seasoned. Great service and atmosphere. Will be coming back again. Seating is limited, however the flow of everyone eating it was good timing. Two types of slaws to choose from vinegar or mayonnaise based. Reasonable price for the portions.Overall great restaurant!
2	I've eaten at Sauceman's many times since they've been open. My last visit made me so angry that I deleted all my previous glowing reviews, and there were several of them.================================================When I first came here after they opened, their burnt ends pork BBQ was fantastic. Their barbecue sandwiches were massive and delicious.Their panko breaded onion rings were nothing short of amazing.Service was decent, but nothing to brag about.Their postage stamp size parking lot was horrendous then, and it has only gotten worse as the restaurant has grown in popularity.This restaurant was too small even on day one. They have added a ton of outside dining to try and compensate for the lack of seating, but what they really need is a much larger building and more parking.================================================My last visit.........the straw that broke the camel's back.The Rastafarian Brother who was running the cash register was slow as molasses. He couldn't get orders correct the first time around. He acted like he couldn't understand English. He had an attitude. Frankly, he acted like he was high on ganja. He was talking with people in the back of the line, laughing, and doing everything but his job. It took a good fifteen minutes - just to place my order, and I was third in line, because he was being such a Richard. (In retrospect, I wish that I had just left and gone anywhere else.) $#@&#@!!!After what seemed an eternity, I grabbed a spot at one of the few empty tables, laid down my receipt and order placard, and I went to go get some sweet tea. When I returned thirty seconds later, my receipt was gone, and my order placard was gone! $#@&#@!!!Luckily, I remembered my order number.It took a good twenty minutes for my food to be prepared, and the entire time I sat on pins and needles hoping to flag down the runner. When what I thought was my order went by, headed for the outside tables, I quickly asked the employee if that was order #61. He said, "yes, it is," and looked at my table for verification. I told him that someone had removed my order placard, but that was my food. No receipt. No order placard. He gave me a puzzled look, but luckily he believed me, and I got to eat the lunch that I paid for. {sigh}The food was not nearly as good as previous visits, in fact it was disappointingly mediocre. The portion sizes were smaller and the prices were higher. It just wasn't very good, and it certainly wasn't worth all the BS that I had to go through. I haven't been back since, and I have no plans to EVER return. Lexington 'Q kicks their rear end, and for that matter, every other BBQ restaurant in Charlotte. Midwood Smokehouse is waaaay better. McKoy's is better. So is Bill Spoons, Mac's Speed Shop, Shane's Rib Shack, Bubba's BBQ, and Bobbee O's. None of the aforementioned businesses are a pain in the rear to visit either. When I am in the Queen City, I just drive right past Sauceman's on the way to other restaurants that appreciate my business. Who needs that type of aggravation?
3	There is a lot to like about this place and then there are a lot of misses.  5 star pulled pork and slaw and 1 star hush puppies.  2 star ribs and 4 star beans. I'm giving them the benefit of the doubt and will recommend that you should eat here around lunch instead of dinner when it's fresher. Maybe that would help.  I don't know if I should give them 3 or 4 stars. I ordered the rough chopped pork. Mostly moist, tender, delicious. Nice smoke and porky flavor. The Eastern style dip was nice. I like mine with a little more seasoning. The red sauce and mustard sauces are both very good. Not overly sweet at all. The mustard was a little spicier than I like. I wouldn't order the ribs. They're not thoughtfully prepared at all.  Tough and just tasted like the sauce they come slathered with. It doesn't seem like I'm eating at the same place that so perfectly showcased the pork. They only gave me two tiny ribs with my two meat plate and I was offended at first but after I tried them I was glad for the skimpy portion. I had the red slaw. I hate mayo slaw and happily they serve this vinegar slaw. Wonderful. I like the greens.  They don't need sugar in my opinion. Finally, they serve the worst hush puppies I have had anywhere!!!!!   They probably sat around awhile for sure. They had a really tough, thick exterior and had an over fried and under seasoned flavor. Wow. I'm confused by how good some of it was and how terrible the rest. I would come back and have a pork sandwich and some slaw. I'll bet the brisket is good.
1	Had their food at a BBQ competition and it was great, so I was dying to take my boyfriend there. Finally took him there tonight- big mistake.First, I ordered a miller lite- they were out. A Sierra Nevada. Out.  Got a Mecktoberfest. My boyfriend ordered a half rack & fried pickles, I ordered a brisket sandwich with fried green tomatoes. We were pumped.I noticed one table sent his food back because it was cold. At another table, one person got their entree 7 minutes after their table mate. I thought, so the service is slow and surely- a joint in Memphis is KNOWN for that. I dismissed the lack of beer as a poorly timed shipment. I was wrong.The ribs looked gleaming and awesome. The sauce was great. The ribs were meaty, but cold. Not cool, not room temperature. Like just taken out of the fridge cold. The brisket appeared to have been sliced by a kindergartener. The meat was so fatty- none of the fat had been trimmed prior to cooking and the smoking process had not rendered the fat out. The green tomatoes were sliced so thickly that despite being deep fried, they were totally raw. Brought the meat home for the dogs- on the up side, the dogs seemed to really like it. They gave us a voucher for a free meal, but we will just give it away. Also- saw at the BBQ comp that their sweet biscuits are Pillsbury biscuits (like the kind from the tube) torn up and deep fried. Myron Mixon and Tuffy Stone would not be impressed.
2	A mixed bag for sure at this barbecue landmark. We were greeted immediately upon entering, and invited to take a seat for table service if we were dining in, which we were. I went with the pulled pork and rib combo, and opted for their baked beans and red slaw as sides. The pulled pork was very good, and ended up being the best part of the meal. I like the rough chop, which was moist with a nice bit of bark, and had a good smoke flavor. I wasn't quite so impressed with the vinegar sauce, which lacked flavor and did little to enhance the meat. I am a fan of the red slaw, which is a sweet and sour North Carolina specialty. The ribs were a big disappointment, with not much going on except for an overly sweet sauce. They were tough and surprisingly bad, given the quality of the pulled pork. I also didn't much like the baked beans. So, some things to like here and some to avoid, which doesn't add up to barbecue greatness.
4	Just so good. We walked in and ordered, and I was already preparing my 1 star review. The service was rough on the day after Christmas, borderline rude, and we strongly considered leaving before we ordered. Instead, having driven all over town looking for cheapish BBQ and having little luck, we decided to stick it out. Sooo happy we did. My Sweet Smoke Pork sandwich was the best BBQ dish I've had since moving to NC. The onion rings, as reviewed elsewhere, are basically perfect, and the sweet biscuits are the best donutythings I've had in a long time. The sauces are all great too, and for about $10, I haven't found anything close to this good. My wife was less impressed with her mound of meat, mac and cheese, and slaw, but I thought the white slaw and chopped pork were both above average. Our mac and cheese was basically grease and noodles, maybe just a bad batch? Definitely will go back for this price range BBQ. Can't wait to order that sandwich/onion rings/sugar biscuits combo again.
