5	Woot Woot! A new Caps opened in Phoenix and guess what they are Great! Spectacular! Fantastic! I got the Chicken Cheese steak and it was deli-sh. The Bobbie is my go to but I wanted something hot tonight. This location is across the street from the Sunbrite Corner shops. As with most Capriotti's stores there are the Sandwiches, Salads, fresh baked goods, chips and unlimited soda refills.There are a few parking spots in the front and many more in the back pretty soon their on-line ordering system will be up. In the meantime enjoy this new Capriotti's location. Almost forgot they service Beer and wine at this location.
2	I was driving around, looking for a place to eat lunch after a long hike, and was excited to see a sign for Capriotti's, claiming it was voted the "best sandwiches in America". I ordered an Italian Sausage (hot sandwich). I was a little confused when I unwrapped it and saw just sliced Italian sausage on a bun. That was it. I started wondering if I had missed a crucial part of the ordering process (was there a list of toppings I was supposed to choose from?). Who knows. The sandwich was OK, but didn't live up to my expectation of "best sandwich in America". Despite my disappointment, I will likely give them another chance. Service was friendly and the cookie was the best part of the meal.
4	Was craving pastrami, yum!!! Will definitely be back, to get my sandwich fix...Service was great, parking in back was good. Just wish they were there when I used to live in the neighborhood...
3	I had lunch here today and was looking forward to it with all the awards they have received.  In my opinion the sandwich I had way to much cole slaw, you cannot even taste the meat.  If I were to go back and would say light on e cole slaw
3	Not great, but not bad, either.  Big kudos for being a sandwich shop with some vegetarian options.  I had the veggie steak sandwich with peppers and onions, and it wasn't bad.  Sandwiches are not as good as That's a Wrap, but then it's a chain, so I didn't expect the same level of care.  Prices are a bit high for sandwiches.  For a couple bucks more I could go to the Vig next door, and actually eat cheaper at the Vig for happy hour.  The bagel shop that's attached is also 3-star.  Three bagel shops in a three-mile radius now.
2	Very disappointed with service!!! I've been in there a couple of times, love the food, but the little jerks they hired are horrible. Brad to be exact, was more interested in trying to sell me every desert then getting my order right. I would to love support Capriotti's Phoenix but not if i'm going to spend my hard earned money on something i didnt order and bad service!
5	I kept seeing the huge billboard claiming to be "the #1 sandwich shop in the us" and i had to try it, and im GLAD i did ! i got the Bobbie, which is turkey,stuffing,cranberry sauce,mayo and fresh white hoagie roll, the turkey is butterball turkey roasted every single night and then shredded, it was SOOOO good i have been to the sandwich shop 3 times in one week ! i have also had a bite of the Cheese steak which was great, and the pastrami which was also Really good, this is the best chain sandwich shop by a MILE, no chain is even in the  same ballbark. the turkey actually tastes JUST like thanksgiving leftovers, its SO good. I am going again tomorrow, my 4th time in 8 days !  and by the way, its not close to me, its 12 miles from my house !  its THAT good ! and lets be honest, this is a MEAT eaters sandwich shop, yes they have a vegetarian option, but give me a break, dont give it a poor review because you are a vegetarian and you couldnt find more than one option, this place is about fresh roasted meat, if you want just veggies go somewhere else !
4	My office is right around the corner so you can imagine when a sign was posted that the best sandwich in America was coming to town I was thrilled. Parking sucked, but the sandwich was fantastic. I had the Bobbie and I liked it so much I told two people. I'm eager to try some of their other sandwiches that didn't make the best list and see how they stack up to my regular spot. Over all I was thoroughly impressed with the food and the atmosphere was pretty nice for your run of the mill sandwich spot. Next time I'll remember to walk.
2	I feel like Will Ferrell in Elf on seeing the sign for World's Best Cup of Coffee: "You did it! Congratulations! World's best cup of coffee! Great job, everybody!"And really, the Voted Best Sandwich in America sign is just like that.It wasn't busy, but the girl at the counter seemed to be struggling. I overheard someone ask her what goes in a salad and her answer was "I don't know, salads aren't my thing." Then I watched her incorrectly ring up the man in front of me, who politely pointed out she was overcharging him. Eek.I got the turkey sub, which isn't your typical deli sliced turkey, but more like the stuff you have after Thanksgiving. I like it in concept, but it had a funny sweet flavor that wasn't working for me. The toppings on the sub were nothing special, and overall my sandwich didn't have much filling or flavor. I was eating at home, so I dressed it up myself.The two stars come from the shop being tidy and the speedy service.
4	There were a few sandwiches on the menu that looked appetizing, but I went with the small cheese steak sandwich. Good choice - quality meat and tasty cheese and onions, on a delicious roll. The bread could have been a bit warmer - I love fresh-baked bread - but it was pretty fresh.I've heard the Bobbie is supposed to be amazing - Thanksgiving in a sandwich. I'll try that next time.
2	Meh - I've been to this location twice.  Each time it was sort of disappointing...  I live in Ahwatukee and that location ROCKS so maybe they could learn from them??I called ahead and placed my order so I wouldn't have to wait.  When I arrived, there was a line so I walked up to the side of the counter where people picked up their order.  I said I'd called it and needed to pick it up, but I was directed to wait in line anyway.  Kind of disappointing since I'd called ahead.  I expected a call-in pick up line like most other places.  After waiting patiently in line, I picked up my order and ran back to the office.As I ate my sandwich, I couldn't help be disappointed.  This was not anything like the ones I was used to getting in Ahwatukee.  I ordered my usual, the chicken cheese steak w/grilled mushrooms and onions, sweet peppers on the sandwich and hot peppers on the side.  They'd forgotten the hot peppers, not that big of a deal, but there was hardly any mushroom, onion or sweet peppers either.  The cheese was skimpy and the meat was dry and overdone.  What a bummer!  The other time I'd visited this location was not as bad as this - but still not as good at the Ahwatukee location.  There they are always consistent with great food and service.  This location does have a connecting bagel shop that has 6 different kinds of iced tea.  This was the saving grace of the meal - but now I am forced to sit at my desk and look at the trademarked slogan on the cup "Extraordinary Food for those unwilling to settle!"  Unfortunately today's meal was even less than ordinary...
4	Pretty decent sandwich shop! The staff is always friendly as well.
5	That Cheesesteak sandwich is a titillating party in your mouth.
3	I was told this place was very good, and so I already had high expectations coming in. Boy, it wasn't as good as I hoped and thought it would be. I ordered an italian with hot peppers. Don't get me wrong, it was good. It just wasn't "great". The sandwhich had a lot of peppes. Very hot. But that's the way I like it.Also, it was way overpriced. I also tried their turkey sandwhich. It was alright. A lot of bread. Everything is purchased seperatley. Chips, drinks,e tc. No "meals". The people were friendly. I'd rather go to Potbelly Sandwhich.
1	The sandwiches are OK but the service is atrocious.  It is right down the street from my house so I have been in several time.  I like the vegetarian cheese burger but I don't eat cheese so I ask for it without the cheese.  Each time I have ordered it that way I have gotten a funny look.  Today, same funny look from the arrogant young server but what is new now is she says with disdain they do not serve a 12' veggie.  Funny you say that I have ordered it several times and it says on the menu they have all sizes but  the small comes on a kaiser role.  When I explain this she shrugs her shoulder and says she cannot order me a 12'.  Worst of all the server I ordered the same sandwich from the last time, just stares at me like oh well, we do have that but I am not going to say anything.  I walked out.  This is making sandwiches folks....it's not that hard.This is a GREAT neighborhood and I will be at a block party tonight discussing my experience with my neighbors. Capriotti's corporate, if you want this place to make it, you better tell the manager (who is no better than his staff) to change his attitude or your sandwich shop will be back to a convenience store in no time.
3	Good sandwich shop and very friendly.....but good not great.  For sure going back to try some other sandwiches but it's not going to be something I crave because it was soooo phenomenal.
4	Ordered two sandwiches to go. The food was freshly prepared, the bread was good. It wasn't quite as amazing as I remembered the Las Vegas location; but it was good and a smidgen closer. :-)
4	WOW! We both had great tasting sandwiches and the service is fast and friendly! Check them out!
2	Well meaning staff could not make up for the chewy, lifeless and overpriced sandwiches.  Even the soda fountain was mediocre, with many of the concentrates either out or low.  My requests for replacements with met with indifference.  Other than that everything was great!
4	Capriotti's is my go to place when I am hungry and don't have time to leave the office for lunch, I love that I can order online and in about 15-20 minutes lunch has arrived!  I used to order from Jimmy John's all the time, but they have lost my business to the new kid on the block.Jimmy John's is so skimpy with their meat, but Capriotti's loads up their sandwiches for a filling lunch.  The Bobbie with pulled turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce and mayo is so good, or if I am in a red meat kind of mood, they make a good cheesesteak, not traditional, but still tasty.  Another reason I have moved on from JJ's is that you can only get their brand of chips, which are not that great, and Cap's has most of the standards...I just wish they would carry Cheetos and then they would really be perfect!
5	Having already had lunch & just out running regular errands this afternoon i came up to a big billboard that said, "Voted Greatest Sandwich in America - Turn here!"After thinking about this ostentatious command for about a block I whipped a U just to go for a look.  I'd never heard of this place or noticed it before but these people certainly aren't lacking confidence!Posted inside was an easy to read & understand menu.  Their sandwiches come in 6", 12" & 20" sizes and the Capastrami 12" Sub sounded so good from the ingredients that I decided to go ahead & try one.  It comes with hot Pastrami, Cole Slaw, Swiss Cheese and Russian Dressing on some kind of terrific roll.Soon my sandwich, completely & tightly wrapped up was ready.  I was already impressed by how big & heavy it was when I picked it up from the counter!Back at my table, I had to see if this huge thing was anywhere near as good as they suggested on the billboard.OMG, this was not just the best sandwich I've ever had, it might have been the best ANYTHING I've ever eaten!  It was just absolutely, positively 5 Stars out-of-this-world AMAZING, & the service was great too!     :-))     :-))World's best ANYTHING:  $8.99.  Grab your keys!!
3	Got the chopped Italian,  it's alright. I'll try a sandwich next time. I would give it another go though.
4	OMG! My sandwich was huge (9" is the smallest you can get and I suspect it was bigger than advertised. I got the firecracker turkey and it sure was fiery! The turkey is real turkey too! Not processed stuff... in fact, I came across 2 slivers of turkey bone while eating my sandwich -- so be careful! Despite the bones, it WAS delicious. I need to find a lunch buddy to split with in the future, so I don't gorge myself on the whole thing in one sitting, like I did today!
2	My husband and I went to try it out after driving by for weeks. They claim that it was voted the best sandwich in America. We don't know who voted but we suspected it was the staff because I can't imagine that anyone who had been to Chicago or New York or even to Quizno's would say that. We had the Bobbie and the Capastrami at the suggestion of the girl at the register. She said they were their most popular. Neither were what we would call a great sandwich much less the best. Both sandwiches relied too much mayonnaise to give them some semblance of flavor. The Bobbie was basically Thanksgiving leftovers on a bun and not that great a bun. The cranberry sauce tasted like it was canned. The stuffing couldn't even compete with Stauffer's. It was boring. The Capastrami was a bit better but only a bit. It would have been better if they had better bread. The swiss cheese wasn't strong like a good swiss but tasted like the presliced cheese in the packages hanging on the rack in the grocery store. The pastrami was mild, once again no better than what you'd get at the grocery store. The cole slaw was unremarkable and again - too much mayo. With outstanding sandwiches like those from Bertha's Cafe and Cheese 'N Stuff in Central Phoenix, don't waste your time or money on this place.
4	I always get the Italian sub hot so I cannot comment on any of the other subs but my buddy from The Bronx swears by all their sandwiches.
4	My first time going here I wasn't expecting much but it ended up being very good. The sub I ordered was HUGE! It was extremely filling. I thought there was no way I could finish it but it was to good to put down. There's alot of room for parking in the back which was nice and there's a little bagel shop next door.
5	all sandwiches are great and so is the staff, and the place is very clean, buy a deal on double takes.  THE BEST SANDWICHES.
3	One step up from Subway and much better than Jimmy John's if you're looking for a good warm sandwich, this is the place. Of course, I went during lunch rush hour and probably would have had much quicker service had I chosen another time. However, given the fact that they were slammed - MY ORDER WAS PERFECT. I went for the Cheesesteak and was very pleased with the sandwich. Regular size is 9 inches which is good for one person. The meat was good and the cheese was perfect - usually you get poor quality meat and too much cheese or the wrong kind of cheese. I added mushrooms and onions, which in my opinion, should come standard on a Cheesesteak, but didn't. I also had a side of hot peppers which really topped off the sandwich well.There's nothing bad I can say about this place other than they're just a smidge pricey for what you get - but definitely not to the point to where I won't return and try a different sandwich. Don't have too high of expectations and you'll be well satisfied. It's a sandwich shop - NOT a gourmet restaurant.
4	Medium cheesesteak with everything sweet. Excellent flavor, great portion size, friendly service. Food could be just a little warmer. Really enjoy the cheesesteak, as a Philadelphia boy!
1	My sandwich was bad. So bad, that I wonder if they screwed it up. It was just a simple turkey sandwich. It was extremely dry and not tasty at all. What was supposed to make this taste like America's best sandwich? The bread wasn't that good either. Will never go back.
3	Excellent sandwiches here! They always make my order exactly how I want it! However, I never eat inside the restaurant. The inside isn't very nice looking nor are the seats comfortable. If you're getting something to eat, get it to go.Last time I was there it took about 20 minutes to make my sandwhich. There was no one there besides me. They had someone being trained at the time and he was preparing my sandwhich. I informed them that I was in a rush (flight to catch) and they apologized but kept the same, slow pace.Very frustrating. Good food, so-so experience.
5	4.6/5 Excellent sandwich, got the Italian and was very impressed by the quality of the meat they used. Come hungry, the 12 inch here is a lot more food than the 12 inch at subway. Says voted best sandwich in America, definitely a contender.
2	Got a Cole Turkey and the Bobbie, because they roast their own turkeys in house, and The turkey meat itself was pretty good - the problem is that they drenched the turkey in so much mayo and Russian dressing and then the coleslaw had a lot of mayo in it, I had to pull out just the meat and actually dry the meat offThe amount of fat in the mayo, russian dressing, and coleslaw was insane I could feel my heart slowing looking at it,. after a couple paper towels of wipe down - there was very little actual meat on the sandwich (a medium) and it was mainly bread and sauce The bread was nothing special - this turned out to be highly disappointing, they certainly are not the best sandwich shop on the block much less the countryThe Bobbie was also drenched in mayo but less so, and that one had more meat was better put together and the Mrs liked itThe cookies were just ok to me however the Mrs enjoyed the sugar one quite a bit Unlikely we will be back, if we ever do we will certainly ask for all sauces on the sideIt is a shame because they have good quality turkey meat pulled from a real turkey and hide it with bad bread and sauces, sometimes less is more
2	Id give you three stars, but I tried you guys again this week and the same things happen. The food quality here for a good sub is fantastic. However, the staff can never seem to get an order correct. There is always something I didn't ask for, or specifically asked to not be on my sub. I've also waited over 15-20 minutes on a slow day for a hot sandwich. I even tried ordering online once and it told me it would take over 90 minutes so I called and cancelled. I really want this place to get better, because we need an amazing sub shop!!! Their selection of teas rocks and the bagel place is delicious next door for early birds :)
5	Great sandwiches and friendly service!  The Capistrami and cheesesteak are my 2 favorites but all the sandwiches are great here. Sign up for the text message deals-you'll be happy you did. Forget subway- capriottis is worth the few extra bucks for fresh quality ingredients that you can taste in every bite!!
4	Yummy addition to our neighborhood. An upscale sandwich shop was badly needed. I had the Bobbie, their most popular sammy. Love the cranberry sauce and stuffing!! Just like you'd make at home. Don't miss it!
5	Capriotti's is my favorite sandwich shop. You must try the Bobbie. Everything great about Thanksgiving in a deliciou sandwich. The staff is always very nice too. You can call in your order too and they will have it ready for you. Great Service!
5	I am thoroughly impressed with this place, everytime I come here I get great service in the food is always amazing. They have not yet made a mistake they have gotten everything right. I am in love with the Bobby but I also really like the pastrami and cheese steak as well. I love to bread here, it has that crusty exterior and soft inside. They also have a great V.I.P. program that gives you lots of specials, discounts and even free sandwiches. You will not be missing out if you give them a try!
5	I came I saw I got the pastrami and it torn it up! Love this place
4	These sandwiches are great!  Yummy!  Love the Bobby!!
5	This place is by far my FAVORITE sandwich shop!! My husband and I saw the billboard for it and we are always looking for new places to try out.  We stopped in for our first visit and ate there, other two visits we ordered online and just picked it up.   Super easy and our orders are usually ready for pick up in 10 - 15 mins after submitting our order. The inside is pretty small and the chairs are uncomfortable, but its not intended for long stays anyways, its a sub shop.  I had the slawbejoe and my husband had the cheesesteak.  I am very picky about my slaw so I was a little nervous ordering this, but it is so good that we have gone back three different times now with the intention of trying different items and I keep getting the slawbejoe! The slaw was perfect (in my book!) it was juicy, sweet and tangy, fresh and crispy.  The meat was tender and fresh as well.  Bread...FRESH!!  My husband thought his cheesesteak was just o.k. (granted he asked for no mushrooms and no peppers, that my friend's is no cheesesteak! ;)  lol).  The second time around he ordered the Italian and talked about how awesome it was the whole time eating it, so did my sister in law.  I plan on trying the Bobbie next time around...if I can talk myself out of the slawbejoe!   I love the sandwiches!!  If you haven't been to Capriotti's, get your butt in there and eat a sub!!
2	Staff was friendly but the sandwhich was just horrible. The meat was soggy and had a texture that was so unappealing.  I am pretty sure I enjoyed the same sandwich in Vegas but boy was it different here. Staff gets 4 stars and food gets a half for a two star review.
1	Wish i could put a big fat zero .  Stood in line for 15 mins to place an order for two italian subs and they have NO FREAKIN ITALIAN MEAT.  Its a wed for god sake.  How can you not have supplies. Not doing that ever again. Went across the street to Niccolis, they have better Italian anyway!!  Please ho somewhere else.
5	Love this place! Great food, friendly staff. Comfortable atmosphere inside and large patio outside. Ordered the Capistrami, my "go to" favorite. The Italian and Bobbie are close seconds. Great food , great staff, clean, comfortable dining area with 3 TV's with ESPN and CNN always playing. Seriously, what more could you ask for?
5	Beer, football and an awesome sandwich. Sounds like this is heaven for a bunch of men that I know. The interior is like half Subway and half sports bar.I've only had the veggie sub sandwiches...the veggie cole turkey is one of my favorite sub sandwiches ever, but ask for no mayo on it or the mayo in the cole slaw and the mayo and Russian dressing they put on it will over-mayo the sandwich.I thought for awhile that the Bobbie could be made veggie, but technically, the stuffing is made with a meat broth, so nope. I suppose you could get it without the stuffing...cuz who doesn't love cranberry sauce on their fake turkey? It's definitely worth a try. Yum!The veggie steak and cheese is good too if you're in the mood for a warm sub...definitely add the peppers to it to make the chewyness of the fake meat fade into the chewyness of the peppers. It helps, trust me.Overall, these are great subs. If I want a sub sandwich, I come here. There's nowhere else that has good veggie meat options like these!!
5	Great food, great, friendly staff. My NEW favorite? The 12" cheesesteak with mushrooms, onions, hot peppers and sweet peppers, with a little mayo. (loaded as they say!). The bread could be a little better, but the cheesesteak more than makes up for it. I'll be back this weekend for sure!
4	Great subs! I mean amazing and they are huge and full of fresh ingredients! I love the Italian. The only reason it gets 4 stars is the service. Very, very slow even on a slow day.
5	Once a month on a Friday my boss gets the entire company lunch. Well, we had capriotti's sub trays. Capri..who? was my thought. Never heard of the place but my coworkers were ranting on its way better than the more popular sub chains. My first bite was amazing, it had turkey,ham,cranberry, it was delicious! Looked into their menu brochure and it was called the cran-slam club. I was definitely hooked after my first bite. I did try a second flavor and it was called the bobby. Also another great sandwich, but definitely didn't finish it. I was stuffed by the 3rd bite. The following day I had plenty of left overs and it was still delicious. I gave it a 5 star because I was taken by surprise of how good it was, I didn't have to drive for lunch, and Ashley confirmed that the order was correct and nothing was missing. So that is a 5 stars in my book any day. I will for sure stop by at least once this upcoming week.
2	Certainly not the best sandwich I ever had. When I stopped in after passing the billboards making these types out outrageous claims I thought I was in for a treat. Turns out I found the layout to be confusing along with the menu options. Staff didn't seem to helpful and the dining room area was dirty to the point where I had to clean my own table. The food wasn't bad but in my opinion didn't support the claims. It was a regular turkey sub with some extras, nothing special about it. If I'd had to make a life of death choice between Capriotti's or Subway I'd go with Caps. The choice is yours...
4	I recently moved to Phoenix from Reno, NV. Let me first say: there is a Capriotti's in Reno and I never once went there. All I'd ever heard was that it was a meat-heavy sandwich shop, and I'm a vegetarian, so I figured I may as well stick with the chains I knew had veggie sandwiches on the menu--Jimmy Johns, Port of Subs, etc. I should have know better.Today, the boyfriend got a hankering for a sandwich, and as I'm unemployed, I've been able to meet him for lunch the last few days. This time, he suggested Capriotti's. I checked the menu online, and it said there was a cheese sandwich, which was just fine with me, so I agreed to meet him there.I was in line, all set to ask for a cheese sandwich with all the fixin's when, lo and behold, I saw a vegetarian sandwich section. I was not expecting this: most places just have one vegetarian, cheese sandwich option. Don't get me wrong, I love a good cheese sandwich--they end up just being all vegetables with a good smattering of mayo and avocado. But here, I had options! There were 4 specific vegetarian sandwiches, including a veggie cheesesteak. I could not bring myself to eat cheesesteak on a 104 degree day (although my boyfriend had no problem), so I got the Veggie Cole Turkey. I was so pleased they had this, because I was looking at the Cole Turkey sandwich originally and lamenting that I couldn't also have coleslaw on my sandwich. BUT I COULD. Here's what always gets me with vegetarian fake meats: with the good ones, I'm instantly afraid there's been an accident and I've been given real meat and my stomach will be in turmoil for the next 48 hours. I took 3 bites of my sandwich and then made my boyfriend eat some of the fake turkey, because I was positive it was not fake. I looked at the receipt and at the wrapper: both said veggie. I still felt the slightest bit guilty because I was enjoying the fake meat so very much.All in all, I have to give Capriotti's much more credit than I ever have in the past for having viable and delicious vegetarian options. My only issue was that I didn't get enough vegetables, which was mostly my fault for assuming there would be any on the sandwich in the first place. Next time, I'll be asking to add some lettuce to soak up the mayo and Russian dressing.Vegetarians, have no fear of Capriotti's; you have some options!
1	, boy have you seen them newest ingredients at Capriotti's is give it out in their sandwiches it looks like it would taste a little too much like plastic anyway good sandwiches guys we like gloves in our sandwiches
5	Well, I finally broke down and tried a different sandwich (my go-to sandwich is the Capistrami), I tried the Cran Slam Club. I must say, I was pleasantly surprised! Triple decker sandwich on wheat with turkey, stuffing , mayo, slices of ham. I'm sure glad I tried something new. Now, next on my list to try: the Grilled Italian. Anyway, great staff, friendly service, always a clean and comfortable place to eat and even relax. Always enjoy the three televisions. My wife loves the Chopped Italian salad with the tasty Cranberry Vinaigrette dressing. Thanks for a job well done!
5	Love the Italian and cheese steak. The Italian is very classic and hardy. Saves well and is also great hot! The cheese steak with simply done onions and a little bit of hot peppers oh yeah! Perhaps some extra cheese, if you're feeling feisty. Been eating there for years! Also the Capasrami is a great way to mix it up! Some times nothing else will satisfy! They have their hiccups with accuracy every now and again but they are always more than willing to make amends with a smile! I always forgive them, we all make mistakes! It's how the mistakes are handled that say the most about a place! One of the best lunch destinations ever!
5	This was my first visit to Capriotti's.  My normally one-hour meeting lasted two and a half hours, past my normal lunch time, so I was looking for food - fast.  Jimmy John's, as it turns out, does not deliver to our office building, but Google told me about Capriotti's.  After reading some other Yelp reviews, I opted to order online, but pick up in store.  I ordered my favorite sandwich (anywhere) - an Italian sub.  Ordering online was easy; I had the option to customize my sandwich and pay online or pay in-store.  My sandwich was ready and warm when I arrived (a few minutes after the "ready by" time), there was no line, and I was in and out in no time (around 1:00 p.m. on a weekday).  Now, the sandwich.  It was savory, flavorful, and, in short, absofreakin delicious.  It smelled wonderful, and I had to take at least one taste before returning to the office to finish devouring it.  I exclaimed with glee after the first bite, and was glad that I got the foot long.  It reminded me of an amped up Potbelly sub - but with thicker, tastier cuts of meat, and softer (yet less flaky and messy) bread.  $9 for a foot long of that caliber sandwich is a steal in my mind.  Jimmy John's, Potbelly, and Subway are a thing of the past now. :-)To address some of the other themes in reviews:  1. Accuracy:  100%.  I asked for no grilled onions, no pepper, and to add mayo.  2. Friendliness:  I was only picking up (and came in the back door), so there wasn't a party when I arrived, but the cashier smiled and was friendly enough.3. Timeliness:  My order was ready when I arrived, and I was in and out of the establishment within 2 minutes tops.
1	The sign says voted the greatest sandwich in America. I thought it was one of the worst I have ever had. I didn't care for it the first time but thought I would give it a second chance. That was a mistake. Just an ordinary sandwich, nothing special. I have been to dives that can make a better sandwich that that.
5	This is my favorite sandwich shop. The italian sub is always amazing. I want to try some of the other subs, but the italian always calls my name. Caps is much better then potbelly and jimmy johns.
5	These guys are always on point. Cheese steak FTW every time. Best cheese I've had in Phoenix, so far...
5	This review is going to be short and simple, Capriotti's is simply the best sandwich shop in Phoenix with the most awesome Philly cheesesteak sandwich I have had. They're hot and sweet peppers are amazing. Come try this place out!!
5	I took their Cheese 101 course, and it was probably the best couple of hours I had in my recent trip to Phoenix.I learned more than I thought I might, and the course included incredibly generous amounts of cheese, snacks, and wine.The next day, I returned to load up on cheese to bring home, and the staff couldn't have been more helpful. If you like good cheese, you must check out Capriotti's Sandwich Shop's.
4	Fresh ingredients! Huge portions!! A small sub is 9 inches! The only reason they don't get 5 stars is they lack variety on the menu as well as the toppings that can be added. I will definitely be back though!
5	Thanksgiving kind of sandwhich.... Are you kidding me... I'm coming here every day for the rest of my days
1	I had the worst service from one of the workers about not getting onions on my sandwich. I ordered online and specifically said no onions and the sub had them put on. I wouldn't have been so upset about it but when I went in to get my sandwich the worker made a sarcastic remark "isn't there a button for no onions" and this happened twice. I would not recommend this sub shop streets of New York way better and better customer service.
