2	Our server was great!  She even fixed our wobbly table, so this review does not apply to her.  We were there for brunch, so this also doesn't apply to dinner.But the slices of pork fat were as far from "bacon" as anything I've ever seen in my 36 years walking this planet.  We were there on a Sunday at noon and it wasn't crowded at all.  However, a line quickly formed behind us and once they got behind, they never found their groove again.  For such an upscale appearance, they are completely unprepared for a brunch rush and the chef is still figuring out how to cook breakfast dishes.  Won't be going back in the near future, at least not for breakfast.
5	Great restaurant with great food.  An upscale place to eat that you can still wear jeans in.  The food was top class, but a laid back atmosphere.  We had the duck and the venison, both were done well and was worth the cost.  The unique dishes are fun to try.  Would highly recommend.  Service was also excellent.
4	I've heard a lot of people complain about this place in person.  Saying bad service or they dont like the owner.  Try it for lunch and judge yourself.  They have a great outdoor patio and the best french fries(pomme frites) in charlotte.
3	On the plus side, the food itself was good.  I enjoyed my lobster/pasta dish (decent amount of lobster, interesting flavor with the pea grass, or whatever the correct name is) and my husband's lamb shank (Mission Impossible) was good.  By the glass wine selection was also good (and hard to fine usually at nicer places).  Service was pleasant and fast.My issues with LuLu, though, were varied:- Various menu items didn't come as described (and we weren't told of any changes).  For example, the "polenta" for the lamb dish was really grits and the pate was described as having 3 types but only came with one.- It was incredibly loud inside.  To the point where it was impossible to have a conversation and ordering included a lot of pointing.- While that great by-the-glass selection was appreciated, the wine that came for my husband's first drink came from a bottle that had been opened too long.  Bottle selection was a bit limited.- And I know this is not the restaurant's fault but just seemed to top it off: when I went to use the ladies room I found a man in there, using the facilities, with the stall door open.  And yes, I double checked that I was in the right place.
3	I'll start off by saying this place is adorable - a converted craftsman now a restaurant. The fireplace, the beautiful windows, a stained-glass divider between adjoining rooms, the entry foyer off the porch, etc. I had a warm feeling about the place.Until we sat down. The dining room is one small and very "open" room, so sound does travel all too well. Sitting directly behind my dining companions was a girl with an incredibly loud laugh that sounded like she was being stabbed. I felt that our table was in the middle of a thoroughfare - similar to the table directly next to us. It was hard for servers and other patrons to squeze by, presumably to go to the bathroom  - which I didn't go looking for myself but which sounds hard to find based on other reviews.I watched with confusion as the table next to us, with their food on the table, was asked to stand up so their entire table could be moved three feet to one side. I don't know who requested this move (the server or the patrons), but I thought it was odd that it didn't happen until after food was served.On to the menu.Everything sounded excellent on paper. And I get that they are trying to capitalize on Charlotte's current obsession with "wine" and all things related (ie. wine tasting, wine pairing, wine bars, wine cultchah, etc.) This confused half-Frenchy half-Southern menu may just need to pay more attention to its audience. If you're supposedly a comfort food bistro, then part of that comfort should come from consistently good service and consistently prepared dishes. It seems Lulu needs to know where her bread is buttered. My friend ordered a dish he has ordered frequently (something with shrimp), but was surprised to see it come in a soup bowl full of watery liquid. He looked at his wife and said, "It's usually not served like this - isn't it supposed to be much thicker?" Our coffee sat unfilled after one teeny tiny (read: French?) sized cup, and my friend's special of the day omelette was good but not great. My omelette and bacon were not very flavorful, but I did like my other side item - something cleverly called "morning fries" which were really the old pomme frites redone the morning after with some really good spices (garlic, peppers, mmmm).When in Rome, or is it France, or is it the New South?....I should have had a mimosa.
3	We went to Lulu for a "special" night out. For such a small place, location, and semi-casual dress, I was a bit surprised at the pricing of the entrees. Nevertheless, we were going to give it a shot because the atmosphere of the converted house was charming. The service was excellent and we were promptly greeted and seated. The appetizer we ordered, calamari, was very enjoyable. It came with a unique sauce (spicy with nutmeg?) that I had never experienced before, but it really complemented the calamari. And the wine selection was reasonably priced and varied. Unfortunately, the main entrees were just...okay. They weren't anything spectacular other than their presentation. And questionably, for the few people in the restaurant, they took quite a long time (somewhere between 45 and 60 minutes!) to be served. Thankfully, we weren't in any hurry. I ordered the chicken stuffed with brie. It was a chicken leg and thigh. I guess I was expecting too much. However, when I'm paying $16.50, I expect white flavorful chicken breast, not the part of the chicken with the skin still attached that I have to eat off the bones, around the fat, and can buy (but don't) at the grocery store for $0.69 a pound! It was unsatisfying. The small portion of mashed potatoes served with it were tasty, but the collard greens (?) were bitter and didn't fit in with the higher class that the restaurant menu is shooting for. My dining partner ordered the lobster at $22. It came on a small plate with an even smaller portion of the entree on it. He's not a big eater, but he was still hungry after finishing his meal. And this was off the "large entrees" menu. I can only imagine what size the small entrees come out as. So, all in all, the ambiance and service were great (overlooking the delayed food), and we might try brunch there sometime, but I definitely wouldn't return for dinner. The menu would have to be upgraded a bit for me for the prices charged.
3	It was OK.  Upon a raving review from my boss' girlfriend, I took my girlfriend there for a late valentine's day dinner.  I booked reservations for 9PM on a Saturday.  We kinda needed them, but there was an open table anyway, so I guess you have a 50/50 shot.  You can't order liquor.   My GF and I typically have a martini prior to dinner.  No dice here.  Only wine, and maybe beer.  Appetizer - I read on yelp about the pomme frites, but we chose the Lulu plate instead (cheese, fruit and meat).  (I wanted the frites, the GF didn't.  I lost.)  The cheese was really good.  The meats were a bit weird.  One of them was proscuitto, but I am not sure which (btw, I know proscuitto - I still couldn't tell).  They had stuffed cherry peppers - those were soooo awesome.  But, the GF didnt love that one. I ordered the steak frites because I really wanted the pomme frites.  The meat was tough and not really tasteful.  Fries - overcooked and really just not that good.  The sauce was good, but cold.  Overall, my meal was not really that good.  My girlfriend got the special, which was veal hangar steak, shrimp riscotto and sauteed asparagus.  The veal was good, but the sauce just sucked in my opinion.  It had a liquorice flavor, and I don't dig on that.  The asparagus was the best part of the meal.  We also got a bottle of french wine.  It was a merlot cab franc blend.  Like the meal, lackluster and I wish I ordered something cheaper, even though it was $36.  Overall - the meal was OK, but I don't think I will go back.
5	Just went for the first time last Friday night (5.2.08).    It's a small, independently owned restaurant that lends itself to conversation with your neighbors and a beer with the chef.   It's not your typical chain restaurant, nor does it try to be.   We had a huge table (14 people), which was hilarious considering the small/intimate size of the restaurant.     We ordered a couple of appetizers (Calamari and a Hummus Platter) - both of which were great.My wife had the trout and I had the mussels and frites; they were both good enough that we were still talking about them the next day.   A good time was had by all and we'll be back soon.
3	This is actually a 3 1/2 star rating...wish there were halves....The beautiful interior, great friendly service, and affordable wine list were the highlights of my visit here.  Although the electronic music in the background didn't exactly help with that, but I enjoyed my experience here.  We started with the stop and go tomato salad (very yummy!  Not amazing, but good!) and then I had the gnocchi w/out sausage.  The gnocchi were a little big and doughy for me...I prefer smaller with less sauce, but I pretty much ate the whole plate so definitely good.  Cute location in Plaza Midwood area...can't wait to make this a regular go to dining spot when I move here!
3	I ate here about 6 months ago.  I wish I could remember what I had.  I always remember exactly what I had when the food was really great or atrociously bad.  I will say I did have the worst pate I've ever eaten in my life and I've eaten a lot of pate in my time all over the world.  I've had CANNED that was better.  The pate was sickeningly sweet.  Yuck.  The rest of the food must have been passable because I don't remember it.  Definitely not worth the price, IMHO.  I ate on the patio and had a good server.  It gets three stars for the waitstaff and location.
4	The smoked eggplant lasagna changed my life. It's good stuff. Go eat it, now!Lulu is perfect for date night, especially special dates like anniversaries. The decor is beautiful, and the service is all fine-dining. I'm a fan of the Plaza-Midwood area, so it's nice to be able to find a fine dining option here. It's a little annoying to have to head uptown every time you want to get dressed up and celebrate, so the location of Lulu in the heart of Charlotte's least soul-less corner makes it be the first place I think of when I'm looking for finer dining.The menu changes pretty frequently, which is always attractive as well...you've got a reason to come back! I've been frustrated before when my favorites disappear, but I've come to trust that new favorites will emerge.For the quality of ingredients, ambiance, and service, Lulu is actually quite affordable. The wine list is diverse and reasonably priced as well. I'm going to go fantasize about the next time I can get a date to take me there...
4	Lulu was one of the first restaurants I went to after moving to Plaza Midwood, and it remains one of my favorites. The food and atmosphere are so great that one negative experience didn't really dent my impression of the restaurant: During one dinner, the waitress accidentally knocked over my glass of wine, soaking my jeans with Riesling. I had already drank a lot of it, and she apologized profusely and brought me a new glass that was very full. I left with wine-soaked jeans, but I was pretty drunk and content. Lulu is a great place for a nice birthday dinner or date. I often see groups there catching dinner before a play or show. It's upscale, but you can also get away with wearing jeans there. The frites are delicious and the perfect appetizer. I highly recommend the Chicken Cecelia, brie-stuffed chicken that comes with potatoes and greens. You should also go on a nice day and have brunch outside.
4	Went here on the last day of a great trip to Charlotte.  Like most of our experiences in Charlotte, this one did not disappoint.I ordered the nicoise salad, and it came prepared much differently than I had seen anywhere else.  The base of the dish was a bed of bibb lettuce leaves laid flat.  On top of that were concentric circles made up of ripe tomato wedges, halved fingerling yukon gold potatoes, blanched string beans, and halved hard-boiled eggs.  At the center of the plate was a nicely seared tuna steak, halved on top of a few anchovy fillets.  Over all of this was just enough of a vinaigrette dressing to add a bit of acid and oil to the mix.  It was quite a dish. Wish I had snapped a picture.Wifey had the "green eggs and ham," which was almost like a mixed up casserole - not a kids menu item by  long shot, despite the name.  Nice touches in her dish included slices of fresh mozzarella and shaved prosciutto.The coffee was quite good as well.Altogether an impressive brunch, really quite excellent.We look forward to going back for dinner. As an added bonus, Lulu packs an impressive wine list, and bills itself as a wine bar.Excellent, friendly staff, top-notch food, impeccable decor.  Another point chalked up for Charlotte!
5	Eating is a subjective experience. One person's orgasmic-gourmandic experience may be another's mediocre meal. Tastes vary greatly and it all boils down to that meal at that moment in that place.That being said, if you don't find Lulu to be absolutely amazing then there is something horribly wrong with you. We went on the friday after Thanksgiving and Charlotte must have been still under the effects of post-gobbler tryptophan malaise because when we arrived we were one of three tables, a scenario which I understand to be atypical. We were greeted warmly and seated by a window which framed a vignette of Central Ave at night. Wine was poured, conversation ensued and then the food was plunked down in front of us. My wife had the eggplant lasagna and I opted, in spite of the "you are what you eat" connotations, for the Chowdahead. My wife's dish was excellent, smoky and perfectly balanced taste and texturally. My Chowdahead, well let's just say the only superlative that could come close to describing it is "wicked awesome." For those of you not from New England, that means phenomenal. A fillet of salmon, which was perfectly cooked, lay atop a bed of the most wonderful chowder I've had south of the Mason-Dixon line. That evening was one of the first nights with a winter chill in the air this season and these two entrees fit the weather perfectly. Hot, rich, perfectly seasoned and filling. Our waitress was great, the service excellent. It was comfort food with class, served in a warm atmosphere coupled with good wines and great service. It was, absolutely, the best meal I've had in Charlotte in years. And I hear they do brunch as well.
4	This is a little gem fof a restaurant in Plaza-Midwood.  French inspired menu with some southern twists and altered seasonally to cater to what's available locally for the season.   For example - you can get steak and pommes frites, mussels steamed with wine, garlic & thyme but you can also get a fried green tomatos and pimento cheese dishes.  The bar is small, the venue accommodates small groups and there's outdoor seating.  Service has always been very good and I've never had a bad meal here in about 8 visits over 3 years.
5	Fantastic food and very reasonably priced.  Mussels are great.  Lulu burger is great.  Calamaris great.  The Fat Vinny is spaghetti and meatballs and is great.  Oh, and the pommes frites (french fries) are a party in your mouth.  Good beer and wine selection.  The interior has a great vibe and the wait staff are super-friendly.  I try to eat here as much as possible.
5	Top notch brunch.  The French menu with a Southern influences makes me believe in miracles.  I hear the duck confit hash can heal leprosy, but they're always out when I finally make it in.  Pretty much everything on the menu is great - order the coffee and morning fries, you won't regret it.
4	Awesome find off Central Avenue. Just recently went there for my girlfriends birthday and loved it. The Chicken Cecelia is a must have for the main. Can't wait to go there for brunch.
4	The decor is a little bland (and a tad awkward-- all the glass on the tables as you walk in gives me that feeling I used to get upon entering my grandmother's house as a kid-- don't bump into anything, or the crystal's going down!), the coffee was too cool and not up to snuff for a $3 cup... but the food, and service, were pretty stellar.We came for a late brunch, at about 2pm, and it was very quiet. Sat by a window in the room closest to Central, a little noisy, but fine. I got the Country Benedict sans sausage, he got the Florentine sans salmon. We were both super-stoked because so rarely do you see these brunch essentials served in the CLT (the places we hit for brunch, anyway)... so we were both drooling a little as we looked forward to stuffing our faces with hollandaise and egg and muffin.Man, our plates were delicious. The country benedict had some rad additions: a sweet, spicy relish and fried green tomatoes were hiding under my perfectly poached eggs and pool of hollandaise. Really interesting accents. Scarfed, and quickly.The grits were almost a risotto, the grains so large and the flavors so rich. Flecks of mild black pepper abounding. Perfect consistency. Dude.Florentine was piles of fresh spinach perfectly wilted, tomato was the salmon's replacement, and the slices were perfectly ripe.Our waitress was sweet, made good recommendations, answered all of our questions thoroughly, and our water glasses stayed comfortably full.You pay for the quality in food and execution at Lulu-- his was 13 and mine 14. But it was well worth the coin. I'll be back to try other dishes, if I have the restraint to not order the same thing every time. We'll see.
4	I'm kind of split on Lulu. I'm leaning towards 4 because i see the potential but think i have to give it three.  I wish yelp had .5's.  The calamari was top notch a total 5.    My wife's bucatini was decent, but not great- it was a little bland. she has had it before, and said was much better so i feel consistancy could be a problem.  I had the salad Nicoise it was flavorful, and the tuna was cooked just right, but i was left looking at a very small portion for what i think was an inflated  priced of $17.   Loved the actual building its very homelike and the french dude with the mustache was helpful and sincire.  However, our server was new and you could tell. She was not rude just still had her training wheels.   My wife tells me ( she has been here more than me) that the others servers are fantastic, so im sure  she will either rise to that level or be gone. I think its a solid 3.5 but ill give it a four, since my wife has eaten there fairly often and says our meal was more the exeception than what she has come to see as the norm.
5	I can't wait to go back!  The french onion soup was great, as was the calamari.  I had the Lulu burger, which was a good mix of flavors and I really liked the bread.  I had my wifes leftover roasted chicken and mashed potatoes...it was full of flavor and still juicy even the next day.  The frites were good make sure you get the dipping sauces.
2	It's a little bitter sweet for me here...I just never know what to expect is what i mean by that.Now I have gone to Lulu's countless times...every time being unique in it's own way, whether it's the food or the service and mostly not in a good way. I can't be a full supporter like most people are because the people that like Lulu's don't agree with my restaurant choices and only think Lulu's is God's gift to Plaza Midwood or to Charlotte at that, and will always put it at the top of they're list to recommend to people!!! That's fine but I really can't take their recommendation on anything else in this town then,sorry!! I came here two Sundays ago and will say that my service and food were both good (this time). It was also 2pm and they were very quiet I assumed we got there after their Brunch rush.On all of my other visits here their has always been something wrong the service is my biggest of issues and then the food because one person can get something that is really good and the other person (me) get's something that is not...I'm really not that picky and am very tolerable but for some reason they have some of the worst servers in town (not to offend them)and they have one of the smallest restaurants in town so i think that's what really confuses me how is it humanly possible to not see that we are sitting there and have been w/o anything to drink or with no food for an extreme amount of time. I still go because like I said its everyone's favorite restaurant so either I dine alone at my favorites or I suck it up and hope for the best and get some mediocre food with some good friends! Again for those that LOVE it I'm not knocking you for liking it I'm simply suggesting it not be your #1 suggestion all of the time...  ;)
2	Went for dinner on Saturday night and knew we were in for a long night as there was no hostess or coordination at the front of the house. Reservations for 2 at 7:30 and were virtually ignored until around 8:00 after inquiring a couple of times about the table. So no big deal - glad to see that they were busy in this economy, etc.Mixed bag on the food/service. French onion soup was top-notch as usual...the green tomato stack was below average and flavorless...stuffed chicken and mashed potatoes were average, but I think I just made a bad order and wasn't in the mood for steak frites which looked pretty good (also they were already out of two menu items pork and lamb). My sister got mussels w/ white whine and rosemary which were pretty good, but was disappointed that there was no good, crusty french bread to dip into the jus. Fries came with that, and while not a french fry person, these were excellent. Service was spotty with the issues in the beginning and no-return on refills later in the dinner. I would give it a 2.5 if this site alllowed for 1/2 ratings...but lean toward 2 stars considering the whole experience.
4	romantic- cute Small portions but overall enjoyed it
4	I absolutely love this place. I've had dinner here several times, but I had brunch here for the first time last week. I sat out  on the patio because It was a gorgeous day.  I had to wait a few minuets for a table, but the wait was totally worth it. I am a huge fan of France and anything french, so LuLu was on my list of places to explore in Charlotte. The food is always amazing, the service is fantastic, and I always enjoy myself. The wine list is awesome as well. My only complaint is that the bathrooms were pretty dirty. Other than that, everything was perfect!
4	Sunday brunch with the girlfriends- perfect spot!  Dinner here is not as good, great menue, but average tastingand pretty exspensive.  Brunch on the otherhand is reasonable and SOO good!
5	Lulu is probably our favorite restaurant in Charlotte.  The ambiance is truly perfect - white tablecloths and very attentive servers perfect for a romantic evening but still casual enough for a family or group of friends.  Brunch is not too be missed. Mussels and frites are awesome. We once had an overcooked steak but it was recooked without question. Everything else we've ever had at Lulu has been outstanding. And the owner and staff go above and beyond to make sure that all of their customers are enjoying themselves. I love it at Lulu.
4	Absolutely delicious- a favorite in Plaza Midwood.If you are on a budget- try going during lunch. It is laid back and essentially the same menu. I highly recommend the pimento cheese BLT. I do not recommend the steak sandwich (way too greasy and not at the standard that you would expect). The brunch is also a wonderful treat.
5	I had the pleasure of dining at Lulu last night and was very happy with my experience! I had been wanting to go for quite some time and finally got my wish. The restaurant is very romantic and quaint. It has a very intimate feel and would be fabulous for an anniversary dinner or an evening out with a good friend. We wanted the true experience so we opted for four courses. For our first course, we had The Movie Star which was calamari with slaw and asian love sauce. The calamari was crispy and delicious on its own but when combined with the slaw and sauce, it was fantastic. The BLT wedge caught my eye so we decided to get it for our second course. It was definitely a wedge done very well. The overnight tomatoes were a great touch and the blue cheese was beyond delicious. There was a great deal of bacon on the salad which I really loved. Everything on the menu sounded great so our choice of entree was very difficult. I chose the Mussels Normande in a cream sauce with bacon, mushrooms, and sherry. The portion was huge! The mussels were fresh and very good with the sauce. They portion of house made fries was also huge and delicious alone or when dipped in the  cream mussel bath! My friend ordered their gnocchi, which they are known for. The pasta was light and cooked to perfection. The accompanying ragout with Italian sausage was very flavorful. One would have a difficult time not licking their plate after consuming the pasta. Although we were quite full, we had to order dessert. We decided to get the strawberry shortcake which was very light and a great way to end the meal. It was in the form of a layer cake and the strawberry preserves in the middle were fabulous. I really enjoyed my experience at Lulu and was pleased the see that the prices were very reasonable. The portion sizes were also really big so you really feel like you are getting more bang for your buck. It would also be a really fun place to go and get small plates with a group of friends. I would definitely recommend Lulu because not only was the food amazing but the staff was very helpful and prompt.
4	Nice place! I am ashamed to admit I got the burger, but it was excellent! So was the beer selection. My favorite part was the atmosphere - laid back, casual, refined.
5	We went for Saturday brunch and it was so delicious! I just had to get the burger with fried green tomato and piminto cheese served with pomme frites (yum) and my friend took the server's recommendation and had the French Toast (declared it was the best she ever had!). The portions were generous and we each had a glass of wine (generous pour). Service was attentive without being bothersome and I love the cosy feel of the space. We are going back next weekend and bringing some friends!
5	They only have one burger on the menu, but when you make a burger this good, you only need one.  I went there with a few friends and we couldn't decide on which sides to get, so we got all of them.  I would go again just for the sides.
4	It was my mom's birthday we had this great weekend planned in Asheville, NC filled with food and wine -I had created an entire itinerary that I printed out. But as luck would have it her 18 year old dog got sick and we couldn't go...well the weekend was not completely ruined.  Why not try a new restaurant in Charlotte?  LuLu has been on my list for awhile.  We walked in to a cozy little house for brunch on a Sat. around noon.  There were only a few other diners inside...we were all craving some bloody mary's.  The bloody mary's were decent nothing I would rave about but they hit the spot. Now to the food I ordered the Country Benedict - I love eggs benedict I order a version of them in just about any restaurant I go too - this was such a great combo at Lulu's Neese's breakfast sausage, jalapeno relish, fried green tomatoes I could go on and on well I will I also had grits with pimento cheese and my mom and sister had ordered french fries with aioli as there sides.  The fries were amazing with a brown sugar bourbon rub - I don't know where they came up with that but i will be back for more.Great for brunch - will have to check out the dinner menu when I return.
4	French food in Plaza Midwood? Sure, sounds great - let's give it a go!Hubs and I rolled into Lulu quite literally at 5 pm...hoping for an early bird special. Well, not really, but we were the only customers in the restaurant. That being said, our service was just peachy. Inside Lulu is quite adorable, albeit a bit nondescript. For a French eatery I was expecting more Parisian flair, but instead Lulu is charming, quaint and comfortable. The menu is pretty diverse - everything from mussels, to calamari, to pork. They also have a great wine list with some fabulous French wines. We had plenty of time and attention to choose a smattering of inspired dishes, I samples the: Calamari, French Onion Soup, Mimosa salad and Chocolate Bread Pudding. First off, the calamari was delectable! It's lightly fried and accompanied by the tastiest "Asian love sauce", which is a conglomerate of a myriad of spices...I'm thinking Chinese 5-spice? The portion was plenty for two of us and it also comes with an Asian slaw. Mmmm!Hubs ordered the French Onion Soup for an appetizer, which I promptly dug my spoon into. Taaaasty! Real Gruyere bubbling over flavorful onion broth and large slices of onion - absolutely spot on. I went a bit lighter on my meal - the Mimosa Salad. The salad was full of mixed greens, two toasted Brie chunks, apples, spiced walnuts and topped with a light coating of super delicious champagne vinaigrette. It's the perfect summer salad, IMO.And lastly, dessert. I toyed back and forth between their classic Creme Brulee and one of their feature desserts, Chocolate Bread Pudding. Sadly, this was the only disappointing part of my meal. I should have listened to our waitress when she mentioned how delicious the Creme Brulee was. The Chocolate Bread Pudding wasn't bad by any means, it was just ok. It tasted more like a nice French toast than a chocolate bread pudding - I especially didn't taste any chocolate in it. Le sigh - I guess I'll just have to come back and try a multitude of desserts! :)
5	This is a true hidden gem of Charlotte.  The food is amazing, the ambience is just outstanding, the service is excellent, and the price point is very reasonable.  I can't compliment the chef enough - everything we had was excellent and can't speak highly enough about this place.
4	Good french food in Plaza and in a quaint small home. Drove by it the first time as it was hidden, or so I thought it was :) About 100 yards from Tommy's for those who haven't been here and need a marker. Went for an early dinner and was greeted with some great service right away. Calamari was great! Lightly breaded with a tasty sauce. French onion soup had great flavor and oh the cheese....oh the cheese :) Topped it all off (yes, kept going) with the Mussels Normandie, which came with pom frites. The sauce was a little creamy and rich for me, but it's french and that's what you get so just be prepared. Ordered dessert and had the bread pudding...just "eh"...many other choices for the next visit though. See you soon LuLu...can't wait to speak with you again soon!
5	Last night  9/20/2010 was my Bday and my Beau wanted to make it a very special time for us. We found LuLu's on Yelp and it had 39 + reviews.So we thought ok let's try it ..AND IT WAS THAT AND MORE.We had Emily who was the BEST server, I could ever ask for . As we had never been there she was all about offering us different choices to mach our tastes. ALL were outstanding........ From the right wine to the end piece  everything was 5star +.We will come back often .Thank you LuLu's for making my special night complete........
5	I have been back a few times since the great dinner I had last year.  Brunch was excellent, brunch foods you love and you would expect, but with the Lulu touch.  I don't remember what I had, but I do remember that I wanted to go back for the breakfast hash that they had run out of.  I've had the burger and pimento cheese blt for lunch and both are out of this world every time.  The best part about it is that they have been able to retain the cozy feel and good service, even though I'm sure they have been gaining popularity.
5	On a road trip through Charlotte from Florida we came across this quaint french restaurant with its very simple yet elegant menu. We trusted our servers recommendations. I still daydream about the mimosa salad and pastas creamy sauce topped with a half cracked egg yolk that cooked into the sauce, the flavors were simply amazing paired with a Syrah made my world in that moment just perfectly yummy.
5	It's an old house converted into a restaurant. Inside is cozy classy and laid back. We had Moviestar for appetizer. It is actually calamari with coleslaw and asian love sauce. The sauce is terrific which is sweet and spicy and nothing I've ever tasted before. The coleslaw is chunky and crispy with celery apple and cucumber on a creamy sauce. We had Jelly Belly which is really delicious. If you like having pork fats in your food and you don't mind, well then, this is really a fare! The sauce was lightly sweetened. We had Chicken Cecilia which was a delight as well. It's kinda pricey but for the taste and quality of food and service, there's no regret! Wine selection is pretty good too.
4	Lulu is a small unassuming Plaza Midwood joint offering good comfort food at a modest price.  It's located in a small old house on Central Avenue and is much like a french bistro with a diverse menu and white linen table tops close together.  I visited for lunch and ordered a BLT wedge and a Back Porch BLT (applewood smoked bacon, lettuce, pimento cheese, fried green tomato, texas toast)  which was served with frites.  I guess you could tell I was in a bacon mood!!  The frites were hot and salty, and my fav!!!  The sandwich was huge so half was plenty for me.  All in all it was good.  Next time I go back I'm going when I can enjoy a leisure meal with a bottle of wine like the girls next to us....they seemed to really be enjoying themselves!Check this place out...yet another great independent restaurant in an independent neighborhood in Charlotte!
5	My wife and I went out LuLu for the first time on our 6 year anniversary and had a great time. The food is amazing, the service was great, and the restaurant was very quaint and romantic. Everything we ordered tasted great, was perfectly timed (giving us enough time for a leisurely romantic dinner), portioned perfectly, and arrived hot and ready to eat. Definitely try the Movie Star (Calamari), French Onion Soup, Mussels (I had the Normande, which was very tasty), and duck. We will most definitely add LuLu's to the top of our list of choices in the Queen City.
3	Food is just good, not great. Vanilla custard French toast is good. Omelets are a little bland. Corn beef hash was sweet and spicy...it is made in house.
3	Decided to have brunch here against my better judgment but I wanted to be hospitable and accommodate a fellow foodie with her request to eat here...........and just as I suspected the food was just decent. The place itself is bright, cozy and laid back. The service was good and the food came out pretty quickly. The corn beef hash was recommended by the server and it was.......shall I say.......different with a sweet twist, not what I had in mind but it was edible. I think the server said that they 'pickle' the corn beef which explains the sweetness(note to the chef: hold the pickling please). The french toast, bacon, and morning fries were pretty good. Probably my first and last visit here............
4	First visit to Lulu's... yummy.  Monday night, Restaurant Week ... not busy at all.  Tiny little tables, wide open room, I wanted to look around and make sure I wasn't speaking too loudly.  I am not sure if hubs would have been thrilled with the ambience but it was great for a girls' night out.If you are a calamari fan ... order the calamari!  Ginger calamari served with a spicy slaw.  Wow.  My friend ordered the French Onion Soup - it could probably be a meal, way too big for an appetizer.  Dinner was very good - I ordered the Haddock Capitaine which, according to the menu, is not actually haddock, but rather cod.  Perhaps they think haddock and cod are the same fish... they are not.  But I digress. The meal was just ever so slightly over-salted.  But I am kind of a salt fan so no complaints here.  The creme brulee was a little creamier than I am used to - however, once again, how can anyone complain about creme brulee?  Delicious!  I ate it all.  The Restaurant Week Menu said there would be an Amuse Bouche - Chef's Choice - while I am not a fan of bread hanging out on the table to help us pass the time, I was actually looking forward to an Amuse Bouche.  Alas, no such luck.  We just stared at each other for a little while over our stark white tablecloths trying not to chitchat too loudly and patiently awaiting our appetizers.  Not sure if I misread the menu or if they were trying to make us extra hungry before dinner.  I would definitely go back... perhaps to order a Burger ... the burger with pimento cheese and pommes frites sounded delicious and reasonably priced.  Not sure I will rush back here for a nice dinner out.
4	I love French cuisine!!! I am so happy I found a home cooked French cuisine in Charlotte. I am so happy I finally experience this place! My first impression as soon as I walk inside the door, I instantly feel warm, cozy and right at home. We had an early dinner on a Saturday night, probably the third table to be seated. The hostess immediately sat us at a very corner of the restaurant with a window view to the outdoor garden patio. My back was against the wall sitting on a very long wooden church bench, a pew. Within 30 minutes, the place was packed and the tables were filled up.I was hungry and saving my appetite all day. I proceeded to order a chicken liver salad that came with a nice warm poached egg on top. I also ordered a glass of risling. The moment I took my first bite, my palet were opening up to total heaven!!! It made sitting on the church pew feel  more heavenly. By far, one of the best salad I had in Charlotte! (True meaning of Yum Salad. It is a famous salad in South East Asia). If I can lick the juice of the plate, I would. Luckily for my date, the waitress brought the spoon for me to scrap every juice of the dressing left on my plate!! YUM!!! By this time, the French owner came over and introduce himself as Fabrice! Very nice guy.For my main course, I ordered the duck breast with artichoke, cooked as the chef would recommend. The duck breast was plumb and juicy, slightly more cooked than what I was used to, but it was still delish! The cream sauce was slightly heavy for me as I took my time sipping on my merlot chatting with my conservative attorney date who was not too familiar with French dining. He ordered overcooked steak and french fries! Bless his heart!I love this place and  the location which is close to uptown and on a trendy mixed cultural district of Charlotte, Central Avenue!!
2	I really wanted to like Lulu  but it was okay. I got the pork belly which was a bit tooo jelly instead of meat. hubby got the fettucini (hes not too adventurous so wanted to play it safe) It was dry with very little flavor. What bothered me was the service. There were only 3 tables of customers the night we went. Our waitress would disappear after giving us our food and we didnt see her for 35-40 mins! So to be on the safe side we asked for the check immediately so as to not have her disappear again. All in all an ok experience.
4	Went to Lulu's for brunch this past Sunday. Great atmosphere, delicious food, super friendly service!Started off with french fries and aioli- Probably the best fries Ive eaten in Charlotte. We had four or five dipping sauces from which to choose. They were eaten quickly and with fervor (that's for sure!) For my entree I had the burger with jalepeno relish and a fried green tomato on a challah roll - Oh the Challah roll, I wish you were utilized more often. An awesome burger all around!Everyone I was with seemed to enjoy their dishes as well. I will be back shortly !
5	Oh Lulu, my sweet Lulu, five stars for you, darlin. FOOD: I went here on two occasions. First, for a lunch experience, in which I got the nicoise salad. I did not like it. Why did I give this place five stars if I did not like the nicoise salad? This is because I was just made aware that I am not a fan of nicoise salad, and that is no fault of Lulu's, just my own tastes run differently. Because I couldn't handle the strong sardine and anchovie taste doesn't mean that the eggs weren't boiled to perfection, the greens, beans, and tomatoes weren't crisp, fresh and beautiful, and it doesn't mean that the potatoes weren't seasoned perfectly and the tuna wasn't seared the exact rare that I adore. This salad did, in fact, accomplish all of these things - the flavor of anchovie and sardine was just too strong, and I wasn't aware at the time that this is the main staple of a nicoise salad. So, if you do like strong flavors or do happen to love nicoise salad, you probably can't get better. My friend got the petit filet braised in shallots and red wine reduction, with frites on the side. Absolutely flavorful and delicious, highly recommended. We shared The Moviestar appetizer, which is fried calamari with a spicy slaw and 'Asian love sauce', which is all amazing. I highly recommend this calamari with a spicy twist.On the second occasion, I went here with some friends. One got the brei-stuffed half-chicken, with whipped potatoes (gorgeous, juicy and delicious), the other got the calamari stuffed with cream spinich and salmon (also really delicious, but if you're put off from the texture of calamari if it's not fried, you may not like this dish). I got the Moules (mussels), which is what they're famous for, I believe. They come three ways, and I chose moules Normande, which is mussels served in a flavorful thyme, mushroom and bacon bechamel. This is now one of my favorite dishes in the entire world. Not only was everything rich, creamy, flavorful, and complimented the mussels on every taste facet, but the mussels themselves were very high quality. Instead of getting some that are small, tough, or shrivled, these were all plump, juicy, tender and plainly put, perfect. I cannot think of anything that would make this dish better - it's stunning in its entirety.  As a side I ordered the braised fennel, which was an entire fennel bulb, split in half, and braised until brown and delicious. I soaked it in the leftover bechamel from my mussels, and it was a great finish.SERVICE: Here's a contender. Service, while being polite and attentive, is very, very slow. If you are on a schedule, I would not count on keeping it if you go to Lulu's. This is one of those places where if you don't get an appetizer, the wait is very noticable. On the other hand, the food that they serve here is fresh, made to order, skillfully and perfectly done, with wonderful presentation, and I understand that that can take time, so I can't really count it against them. Just make sure you'll be able to extend your lunch hour if you go around then.PRICE: This is going to surprise you - the prices are actually very reasonable, especially their lunch menu. They have moderate pricing for very fresh, well-prepared, and exquisit food. Fill yourself up with amazing mussels at lunch or dinner for $9, or $14 if you add sides. Burgers, apps, and small plates will run you $8-$14, and at lunch, the steaks are around $14 as well. Dinner, your price goes up with your selections to about $17-27, with the highest being the duck $30, and you get what you would at an 'upscale' restaurant in Charlotte for $35-$40 a plate.OVERALL:Food = delicous, intricate, and authenticService = slow for preparation, so make sure you have some time to killPrice = truly amazing for what you get.This place is a gem, I cannot wait to go back.
2	The food is merely average! If the wait staff was not very friendly, I would have given it one star only.
4	Rather than be redundant, I'll quickly add my 50 cents.Stopped in for a later lunch with a girlfriend on a Wednesday.It was a little busy on the patio, and too hot for us so we opted to sit inside where there was only one other table. Decor is quaint and bright.  Tables are on the small side.Rachel our server was top-notch. Super-welcoming, on point, and just  a lot of fun. Also, makes a mean Pear Martini.We ordered the chilled Mushroom soup, the LuLu plate - a combo charcuterie plate with a taste of all their sides, the quiche of the day and the fennel and arugula salad. We shared all. The food was perfect.I have zero complaints about my visit and will definitely be back.
4	A "foodie" adventure! Delicious, rich, and sumptuous. Refined French cuisine without the attitude. The escargot is sizzling and buttery and fettucini with egg is decadent. Lots of choices and for the less adventurous Lulu's offers a tasty hamburger. The place is great for a date or special night out. Bon appetite!
4	Ok, so a little awkward on this review as one half of robeecats has actually been on a date with someone else at this restaurant.  However, we will look past that in the interest of journalistic integrity.On our lovely date we started the night off with a modified caprese salad with olives and onions in addition to the usual ingredients.  Entrees consisted of the "castro burger" (with fried egg on top of course) and "fettuccine a la carbonara".  The burger was actually ground pork with gruyere cheese, pancetta, fried pickles, and some sort of spicy jalapeno based mustard.  We found this very original, very good, and so big you will need an extra jaw to take a full bite.  The fettuccine could have used some more pancetta for flavor but the presentation with the egg was nice.On this particular night we dined on the small outside patio consisting of 4 tables.  The view was not great (just cars on Central Ave cruising by) but the patio area was secluded and pleasant.  For a Sunday night there was no wait and the service was good.  The location is a little hard to find but once you do, parking is on-site.As for the all important booze, selection was good but not extensive.  We had a bottle of red wine on special...a spanish grenache that was recommended by our server and was very good.Overall we liked it a lot and would give it 4 lulu's out of 5.
4	As far as Charlotte goes, this is a pretty darn good place for food.  And we also happened to find one cute waiter.It was a quiet Tuesday night, and a colleague and I had a lovely dinner here - a delicious roasted beet salad was the highlight, and the steak special I had was well-prepared, and fennel served with it heavenly.  Wine selection was all right, though the malbec we settled on wasn't all that spectacular.  It got us through, though.If you're not from Charlotte, finding Lulu is a bit of a challenge.  It looks like a house and is a bit set back from the street.  Keep your eyes peeled for it, as I passed it twice before I realized where it was (and I have an eye for detail, mind you.  :-) ).  The interior is nice (the beveled glass "windows" that separate the sections of the dining room were a very nice touch), and the funky lounge space in the back (YAY curtain of beads!) had a distinctly "cool" feeling.
4	Oh, Lulu, the severely "angry" weather and even the obnoxious couple seated next to us (luckily not until 2/3 of the way through our meal) still couldn't ruin your delicious food and wine in your little house.I had my eyes on the mussels from the get go, but before we could even get to food we were presented with the nights wine specials. Two reds each available for $25 (since the one we chose goes for about $15 at the teet, not too bad). We went with the mussels Portuguese style and the rabbit entree. Our server enthusiastically reiterated the chef's instructions on how we were supposed to eat his food. Luckily, the bread boat/spoon/sop up method of eating mussels in broth isn't completely unheard of and my friend was interested in the suggested "just pick up your rabbit and gnaw on it", but decided to stick with accepted fork and knife method in the end. The mussels were awesome and the half of a baguette served with it was at the perfect state of crunchiness. The rabbit dinner was delish as well, it's nice to have a place in town that cooks it well (and at all).After some debate, we ordered dessert. Holy crap, the creme brulee. You know you're off to a good start when the sugar cracks oh so perfectly under your spoon, and what laid beneath did not disappoint either. Seriously good stuff.The service was great. Entering Lulu's I expected to have a very low key server that barely moved the evening along, where it would be fine but you wouldn't see them very often (later noticed the other one on the floor was like this) - but instead ours was full of energy, continually popping in to make sure everything was fine and to refill our glasses - not too much where we had to always stop conversation to answer questions, but just a little more frequently than enough that everything was taken care of and we could enjoy the meal, and be very informed about it.Great evening overall, and I can't wait to return.
5	Very good authentic French food home style frites are out of this world, desert was awesome as well. Will def. be returning! Highly recommended!
5	My husband and I have tried nearly every restaurant in Charlotte and Lulu ranks highest, along with neighboring Bistro Le Bon and Montford's Good Food.  If you are a "foodie," you'll love Lulu's.  The pommes frites are very large (enough for a table of 4 to share) and are accompanied by delicious sauces.  I had the Portuguese Mussels for my entree and they were perfectly steamed and included spicy chorizo and tomato broth.  As a bonus, the restaurant is in a charming, old home.  Very quaint.  They also have their own parking lot - always a bonus.
5	Lulu is proof that when you're in a strange city looking for somewhere to eat, Yelp is indispensable. We wanted a nice restaurant to celebrate her birthday, and Yelp rated Lulu higher than some of the more "frufru" restaurants in the area. Putting our trust in our fellow Yelpizens, we gave it a try.And YUM! The atmosphere was perfect -- young urban chic cum classic French restaurant. Our entrees (the pork with apple something glaze for her and steak and frites for me) were sumptuous, and the three layer chocolate mousse was a little spoonful of heaven.Next time we're back we'll be more adventurous with the menu (which definitely showed some culinary creativity).
4	You know that whole French thing with like 10 million sauces where there might be one small variation with the technique in how a few might be prepared? Fancy names in which I cannot pronounce and a sauce to compliment a sauce? I'm usually not a fan of sauces. I like my steak bare. Lulu though, knows how to compliment and not overbear with a sauce. Pommes frites you say? No we're in America, they're called fries. Oh my apologies I was mistaken. When they're this good, yes, they deserve the classic french name. The Steak was finely complimented. Calamari is cooked superbly, and with a great sauce might I add. Combine all of that with great service, romantic, yet un-stuffy nonchalant ambiance and we have one Charlotte's finest restaurants.
5	I will start by saying that I have had truly terrible experiences with gnocchi but this restaurant has forever changed that!  I decided to order the rabbit with gnocchi since the waiter said it was his favorite and I do love rabbit but was a little wary about the gnocchi.  When my food arrived and I took the first bite, I was in heaven!  The nice soft texture of the gnocchi combined with the red wine sauce was an absolute perfect combination.  Even though the rabbit was perfectly cooked and also greatly complimented by the red wine sauce, the gnocchi definitely makes the dish a must have!  The lamb shanks that my husband ordered were also terrific.  The meat was nicely braised and the kale was a nice compliment to it.  And last but definitely not least, the bread pudding we had for dessert was amazing!  The texture of it was nice and moist but the caramel sauce that it came with it was just perfect.  I will be going back and trying more menu items but I will definitely be having the bread pudding again.
4	I am a huge fan of french food. My friends had to drop me at the airport and we only had time for a quick brunch somewhere before I headed back to the west coast.My friend yelped a few places on the way and found this little place in Plaza Midwood. It is so cute. It is a little house that has been converted into a restaurant with a tiny bar attached.The decor gets 5 stars.The creme brulee french toasts gets 5 stars.The service gets 4 stars (good, but not great)The coffee gets only 3 stars unfortunately. If you are going to do a french theme, you need amazing coffee. Amazing coffee. It wasn't bad, it was just coffee though. They should stock Rooster's blend.. OMG that stuff is good.But back to Lulu's -The Pomme Frites with aioli were awesome. Portions are big and the crowd was diverse and stylish. I really enjoyed it! Will go back when I have the chance.
4	I am evidently NOT the only person who craves brunch Saturday AND Sunday, and I am so thankful that Lulu is here to satisfy my desire!If Lulu were a boy, I would marry him!!The restaurant is small but manages not to feel overly crowded.  Cozy and comfortable.  There we go.  I came on a Saturday for brunch with some girlfriends.  The mimosas (I had not one, but two!) are generously portioned and not overwhelmingly orange juicey.  I like a bit of OJ in my champagne, not vice versa, thanks!!  There was so much that sounded good on the menu, but I opted for the create your own omelette, to which I added bacon, blue cheese, spinach and mushrooms.  OH my God.   It was so good I wanted to cry.  The side of breakfast potatoes were essentially chopped up french fries that were nicely seasoned and crispy brown. I made a mental note of the other unique cheese options such as pimiento and gruyere (because there will be a next time).My friends opted for a healthier option of the Mimosa salad with added salmon.  It comes served with a fried brie crouton looked to die for.   They both raved on, but I have absolutely no regrets. I can't WAIT to go back.
5	Lulu is a "must visit" restaurant in Charlotte. Even though it's way across town from me, I try to visit often. This time, I ordered and really enjoyed their lamb lintel soup. I am a soup maker myself and this was some of the best soup I've tasted. Wonderful!
4	This was a last minute date night for the husband and myself as well as one of our favorite couple friends.  Alas this place did not disappoint.  The food was fabulous!  We started with their pomme frites - everyone at the table turned the cone upside down at least once to get the last of the crumbs.  I had the mimosa salad and french onion soup.  I consider myself a french onion soup connoisseur - LuLu's did not disappoint!The one teensy downside was the service was a wee bit slow.  They'd seated approximately 15 tables simultaneously.  As it was the downside became an upside as we just had more time to consume some of their yummy cocktails.  Our waitress was very attentive checking back often to see if we needed anything.The only thing this place was missing was a view of the River Seine.
5	We had a lovely evening at Lulu.  They were warm, accomodating for our group of 8, friendly and helpful.  The waitress brought us complimentary appetizers and was quick to help on the wine selection.  She was always very attentive and sweet to our table.  They even brought a complimentary creme brulee for my birthday dessert!  My favorite!Dinner was delicious.  You can't go wrong with their hummus plate.  I also had the walnut salad with fried brie croutons.  Oh my gosh--food-gasm.  Delicious!  I've heard amazing things about Sunday Brunch, we will be back!Thanks again for a superb birthday Lulu!
5	5 stars for service and the Green Eggs and Ham Frittata.  I just don't know how they make their frittata taste so darn good.  A frittata isn't a normal food that you would crave right? Wrong as soon as you eat your first frittata at Lulu's you will not be able to get it out of your mind.  Did I mention it's the size of a pizza I always eat 1/2 and bring the rest home where I dream about it until I can eat it again.  It's seriously that good.  The servers are always friendly and accomadating even when they are slammed I love that!
3	As many others have said, Lulu is a pretty dang charming little restaurant. Recently, we ventured there for a Sunday brunch. I was glad our group had reservations, since they seemed to be quite popular.I won't go into the details of decor and parking, since others have done so. I'll just talk about food and service. The former was delicious. I was craving French toast for some reason (I'm usually an eggs-for-brunch kinda guy), and I was pleased with what I got. It wasn't too sweet or too soggy. It hit the spot.The service, however... I understand our waitress was workin' at high speed, but she was zoned out. One of us received (and was charged for) coffee despite protesting twice that he didn't want any. She also got that same individual's meal order wrong. Ironically enough, those of us who did want coffee had a hard time getting our tiny cups refilled, and the brew was lukewarm and tasteless, anyways.I'll give Lulu another shot and perhaps revise my review. But right now, I can only call it a mixed experience.
5	Great place to go for brunch!
4	What a fantastic restaurant!  How I didn't go to Lulus while I lived in the Elizabeth area is beyond me.  I went today for lunch and enjoyed their Castro burger.  It featured fried pickles, jalepeno grain mustard, Grateful Growers pork.. wow, what a burger.  Their fries are also fantastic!  Just a great classic fresh cut fry with great thick salt.  We will be back and we'll be back soon!
1	This was easily the worst dining experience I have had in my adult life. We had a reservation for four and were running a bit late; we called the restaurant and they said that they would hold our table. When we showed up our table had been given away. Worse, other groups that came in after us were seated before we were. We ordered appetizers and a bottle of wine, all of which came out promptly, but were largely forgettable. From there we waited over an hour for our mains to come out. I ordered steak au poivre; the steak was unremarkable and the fries were very disappointing. What changes this from a 3 star review on the mediocre merits of the food to a 1 star review is the abysmal service. At no point did *anyone* apologize (much less offer to comp us any part of our meal) for either of our waits, and even to the end the waitress was pushing dessert on us. Charlotte isn't exactly a dining mecca, but I would go to Bistro la Bon (which is just down the road), Custom Shop, Nolan's Kitchen and plenty of other places before I'd ever consider going back to Lulu.
5	Wow! You know how you are constantly looking for that place!!! This is it! When you walk in you feel like you are at someone's home! Staff-uber Friendly! Atmosphere-cool but quaint! Food simple and awesome!
4	Great food everything we have heard about concerning the food was true. Will return
4	I've eaten at Lulu several times and have always had a good meal.  The food is good and service is as well.  They have a small garden in front of the restaurant that is used for preparing food in the restaurant to supplement what is purchased.  They are open at times other restaurants close, such as on Sundays and Mondays and during snow and ice storms.  During a recent winter my family and I walked and skidded there for dinner one night when the roads were not friendly for driving.  Lulu has a good bar selection and good dessert selection.  I enjoy dining there when in Charlotte visiting family.
3	I came here with the family because my parent's have came by and driven by for years. So they decided to come by and settle their curiosity. I came here earlier in the year, and wow did they have a change in the menu. I kind of feel that they have taken a turn for more of an american style dinner. I think it's sort of a French fusion.I ordered the salmon, which wasn't amazing. Especially since it was dry. I do have to note that the sauce they served with it was delicious. However, my family members didn't enjoy their dinner. My brother got a steak (which kind of goes with the French Fusion) and the problem of it was that the table was wobbly. So when my brother was trying to cut his steak the whole table was moving and it almost knocked the water over.On the bright side, I believe we enjoyed the french cuisine dish of escargot. The portions of course was interesting, as all french cuisines are, but it packed a good bit of punch of flavor.I think inside, the decor is nice. I do however think an upgrade on more stable tables and chairs are in order though. I didn't get to go to the back part of the restaurant to drink because I just haven't gotten the chance to. Overall, this place is not a bad spot to eat, however the prices are not justified with the food that they make, so mostly you're going to be paying for service which is decent.
4	i liked lulu. bf took me here for valentine's day. it's a bit pricy but i love steak au poivre and we selected lulu just for that reason. the au poivre was pretty good, but bf's selection of brie stuffed chicken didn't live up to our expectations. it's been about 6 months since we went, so unfortunately i am lacking on more important details. i think we'll go back again though.
4	Really good food! They also serve a very good brunch.
4	Great French cuisine! My favorite is brunch by far. It is a little gem here in Plaza Midwood.
2	Three of us had dinner last night.  The tuna was over cooked and very dry.  The service was sub-par at best.  The server never came to pour our wine or offer more water and when we were finished we waited over 15 minutes for them to clear the table.  I finally had to go get someone to clear the table.  When I pointed these issues to the owner, he really didn't care and he made this clear to me.  I live in the neighborhood, and will go to Bistro LaBon next time I want French food.
4	So it was my birthday today and my better half suggests we go to 300 East to celebrate.  But I had a craving for a burger and it popped into my head to go to Lulu's and get the pork burger with the fried egg (Castro burger) we got last time and loved so much.  So we head over there and go to order my burger but it's not available on the dinner menu...apparently it is only available for lunch now.  I ask the waitress if they could make it anyway fully expecting them to say sure no problem.  After all the customer is always right...right?  Well not at Lulu's.  The waitress told me no multiple times.  Call me crazy but I was dumbfounded.  There was no reason given other than "we can't do it".  I ended up getting a regular burger with fries and she got the brie stuffed chicken with mashed potatoes...all delicious.  But that's not the point.  I checked the whole menu and all the ingredients needed for my Castro burger are available in other items.  So are you telling me that they can't be combined to create an item that is already on their lunch menu for me to eat for dinner?  On my birthday no less!  So now I'm taking away our previous 4 star review and giving them 1 star.  Should management at Lulu's want to contact me with a legitimate reason I couldn't get the burger I wanted I will restore their 4 star rating.****Update**** I actually was contacted via Yelp message by a very nice Manager at Lulu's after my last review who told me that they had sold out of the ingredients for the castro burger at lunch earlier in the day and that's why it was not available.  She also apologized for the waitress not explaining that to us and that in the future she had instructed the staff to explain why something is not available.  I'm not sure I buy the story about running out of ingredients but nevertheless I was impressed by her reaching out to me.  So as I promised here is the 4 star rating returned to Lulu's.
5	Lulu is an amazing brunch destination. LOVE the intimate setting of the house. Lulu has the absolute best pomme friets in Charlotte. They were perfect. Along with everything else we had. The french toast at Lulu is some of the best around. The staff was pleasant, food was great. What more can I say? Can't wait to get back for dinner. I encourage everyone to check this place out!
2	Yes, only two stars. We had dinner at Lulu on New Year's Eve. First, the positives. The DINE... the food was for the most part delicious. We ordered the mussels and split the duo of duck... While the duck leg confit was very dry, the roasted duck breast was beautifully cooked and so tender... And the risotto was well seasoned and positively delicious. Also, you absolutely can't go wrong with any of the mussels. Where Lulu's went terribly wrong was the WINE... I was incredibly disappointed. We were told upfront that they were out of two labels of the reds they offer, so from the remaining wines we chose the Puerto Viejo Pinot Noir, which we were subsequently told they were out of... And we would have ordered the Van Duzer, but I thought it was a bit overpriced, since I buy it regularly from Common Market for no more than $30... Anyway, the waitress returned with what she called a comparable "French Pinot Noir" which was under the label of Stonehedge, we didn't think twice, we were fine with it... We're flexible people... But could you imagine my surprise when I'm at Trader Joe's and I see the same bottle under fluorescent lighting and can now actually read on the label where it says 'Wine Product of the U.S.A.?' I expected more from Lulu, perhaps because the word 'WINE' is in the name of their restaurant. And while I would like to dismiss this as an honest mistake, it's kind of hard to not think that perhaps we were made to be fools.I emailed the restaurant to tell them of this fiasco and they were unresponsive.
3	I went to brunch this morning with a group of 14 ladies. The service was great and the waitress even offered to seperate all of our checks although they told us they don't do this when we made the reservation. She got all of our orders right and there were no problems throughout the meal with getting our drinks refilled. As for the food, I got the Central Breakfast which consisted of 3 eggs, bacon or sausage and grits or fries. I had the eggs, bacon and potato fries which were done with red and green peppers. The potatoes were super salty and the bacon and eggs were what you would expect. My friends had the Breakfast Sandwich that consisted of ham, pinento cheese and a fried egg on a challah roll. It looked really good and was a really large size. This also came with grits or potatoes. I don't know if the food won me over enough to come back but it was worth the trip. I also found the restaurant to be quaint and charming due to it's location in an old craftsman style house. Good ambiance.
2	The salad was super mediocre. The chicken was dry and tasted like it was made 2 days ago. The beets were the only yummy thing in the salad. The French fries were yummy, but it's hard to mess up fries. The decor was tacky with fake flowers and beads separating us from the "lounge" area. The waitress was friendly, but forgot my mimosa. She appeared to be the only one waiting on the tables, so it seemed to be a bit under staffed. Overall, a mediocre experience.
5	I've been hearing about this delightful find for a long time and finally had a chance to stop in for brunch. My review is short, sweet and only two words need to be said. French Toast!! While it is true their neighbor down the road on Central (you know which place I'm talking about) handles their business on the French toast front as well, I think LuLu has a bit of an edge. Loved this place!
2	Good food. But the atmosphere is boring. The owners have no interest in incorporating culture into the restaurant, so they fill it with bad decorative art. The space gives no invitation to good conversation.
3	food was pretty good. my husband said his pork chop was a little dry.
4	Flew back into Charlotte last night.  Wife had responsibility to choose where we would go for an early dinner.  She did GOOD in choosing Lulu.Located on the ever-changing Central Ave, this old house is a hidden in plain sight wonder.  The interior is simple elegance with linen-covered tables, two stemmed glasses per place and the casualness of a French bistro.  Menu was simple, but difficult in that there were too many great options from which to choose.  Wish I had been hungrier,but we both managed to order.Wife had their vegetable soup and a special salad.  Not crazy about the soup, but loved the salad and, of course, loved the appetizer of fried green tomatoes, one of her favorite munchies.I took a risk with the duck.  I love duck and usually will order it when I find it on menus, but am near always disappointed because chefs just cannot bring themselves to cook it more than a blood red, cold rare center.  Uck to me!Well, the duck was a breast and confit served over delicious mushroom risotto.  And the BIG bonus was that I could order the duck breast cooked as I would prefer.  I asked for at least medium (inconsideration and not wanting to insult the chef) to a light medium well.  AND I GOT IT!Great flavor and the portion was generous.  Also had a house salad which was a great accompaniment to the duck.  A good selection of house wines, a bit pricey at $9 a glass, but the zinfandel I had was terrific.We left happy and will return and recommend Lulu to others.
4	Such a charming little French stop for a healthy lunch. It is a bustling place..but the service was excellent. And the food is magnificent!! I recommend any of the salads...excellent!! I had a side of the garbanzo beans..excellent!
2	Being my birthday I wanted to go somewhere special for Brunch.  I picked Lulu and really wish I had not.  The ambiance was fine though my husband kept saying "What?  I can't hear you".We order the Pomme Frites (why are people raving about these they were only aright, nothing special.).  We did not finish them.  We also ordered coffee which we had to ask to be refilled every time it emptied.  Our plates were not cleared, the coffee was mediocre.  I ordered a Mimosa salad to try and minimize the damage I knew I would do later with birthday cake.  It was again, nothing special.  Honestly I've had better at Panera Bread and at a MUCH better price.  My husband ordered the Duck Confit Hash and again, a little greasy, nothing amazing, certainly not worth the $17 price tag.  He had ordered his eggs on the side and a mix of egg whites and regular eggs(he wanted to health it up a bit).  They came cooked separately and right on top of the hash, not on the side.  My daughter had the $7 kids meal of chicken fingers, again bland, again boring, and on top of a towering pile of fries.   During the entire meal I kept wishing I was at Upstream for their Sunday Brunch, or Bistro Le Bon, or really, anywhere but this place with bad service, crazy overpriced meals, and boring food.  We left feeling as if Yelp had let us down, big time.
4	My steak and frites was unreal. Wife had the mussels and did not talk until she was done eating. The server was very friendly and helpful. Think her name was rebecca.  We will definitely go back to lulu.
5	I'm a brunch junkie. What can I say? So I hit up ye ole yelp to help choose a Saturday morning brunch destination, and lo and behold, Lulu kept popping up as an incredibly well-reviewed brunch haven.Off we went. As one of my yelpy friends informed me, the best thing about Saturday brunch is that you can start drinking before noon. Cheers! Because the mimosas and bellinis at Lulu will christen your weekend with fruity, champagne laden joy.As for the menu, the french toast is amazing. I love good french toast, and this is a perfectly executed take on the breakfast mainstay. Croque Madame is also stupid good. I ordered it sans meat, and they happily brought me a vegetarian version. Let's just say that I did not offer to share with my dining partners. Not once. It was too perfect.Fruit and Booze. Just what it sounds like. And a perfect complement to any brunch gathering. I also didn't share much of this one.Other dishes I observed being scarfed down with little consideration for manners or speed of digestion:- Country Benedict- Duck Confit HashI would be remiss if I didn't mention how nice the morning fries happen to be. With leeks, onions and peppers, you really can't go wrong. I highly recommend ordering them as a side. Also, the pimiento cheese grits. Just order them. Please.
4	The mussels and frites were great as was the chicken paella. The BBQ duck sandwich was not as good as expected for their extensive sandwich list. Overall, the atmosphere was very nice for a date.
4	This place is in my backyard, which makes for a delightful walk.  So, getting into the Spring Time in Paris mood, we decided to order the frenchiest of French dishes:  pomme frites.  They arrived in cone shaped paper, hot and seasoned perfectly.  We were given a choice of two dips.  The lemon-garlic aioli and goat cheese aioli begged to be chosen.  And, with good reason.  The dips were not wall flowers in the least.  Washed down with a couple glasses of wine, the pomme frites made for the yummiest of pre-bedtime snacks.
3	My mom and I stopped in on a Sunday for brunch.  What a cute little spot this is!  The atmosphere was cozy, and like other Yelpers said, the tables are close together and some are even awkwardly arranged.  We waited quite some time before our waitress stopped by, but once she did, she was knowledgeable and friendly.  Unable to decide between so many delicious options, our waitress was able to point me in the direction of my second favorite brunch dish in my entire life (second to the French Toast sandwich in ATL...I die).  I ordered the country benedict.  One word: DELICIOUS.  The flavors were so perfect together.  The fried green tomatoes, the jalapeno relish, the poached egg, the country bread! SO so yummy.  For my side, I ordered the pimento cheese grits which I wasn't a fan of, but the taste of the main dish made up for the not so yummy side.  My mom ordered the Creme brulee french toast, which she said was just ok.  Of course I tried it and thought it tasted like just a basic, nothing special french toast.Finally, the coffee.  Warm, robust, and delicious.  LULU is definitely worth stopping by for a yummy brunch.
4	Love this place.  I've been a few times now and i can't think of a single time i wasnt impressed.   Food is always executed properly.   Great date spot in a little converted house. Shrimp and grits might be the best in the city!
4	Deeeelicious!! My husband had the frogs legs (yech - although he said they were very tasty) and I had the mimosa salad (yum!) and we shared the paella. I do not like mussels or calamari or shrimp but I ate every last morsel on my plate, it was that good. I will be back and hopefully with more money and more time to make this a real Night Out!
5	I love love love Lulu! Every time I've been lucky enough to dine at Lulu, I've left delightfully stuffed.  This place hits my big three: service, food and atmosphere.The service is always great at Lulu.  You can tell these servers eat the food, they like the food and they genuinely want you to enjoy your dining experience.The food is always delicious and always is.  The house cut frites are delicious and pair perfectly with well-seasoned filet or rib eye.  My favorite dish at Lulu would have to be 'The Movie Star' aka Fried Calamari.  This delicious is banging from the ground up!  The calamari is seasoned and fried to perfection and the sauce is HEAVENLY. I want to bathe in it. I wanted to dip my steak in it, my fries, my face, anything! That Asian Love sauce is a-mah-zing! All of their house-made aiolis are awesome, too! Do yourself a favor and order one of them with your meal if you get frites. Lastly, the atmosphere. This place is adorable, cozy and just plain warm.  Lulu resides in a small and charming house renovated into a restaurant.  The place just feels comfortable. I love the hardwood floors and mustard yellow walls. In the back of the restaurant is a small dim-lit lounge, perfect for an after OR pre-dinner drink.  OR better yet, ask to share your dessert there.  Overall, I think it's clear that I love this restaurant. I urge you to add Lulu to your bucket list!
5	I've been about four times now and every single time I am impressed. I usually get the mimosa salad with shrimp added, which is absolutely amazing, but today I decided to get the back porch BLT. Best. BLT. Ever. The fried green tomatoes are an awesome touch. Our waitress was super kind and helpful. Every time I've gone I've seen the owner around, which to me is a sign of a well-run business. Fair prices, amazing food, wonderful staff and beautiful wines. My only complain is I live pretty far from it so I can't go as often as I'd like.
4	So, disclaimer, I've not even eaten dinner here yet.  I'm already impressed though.  First off it's one of the best bar areas in Charlotte.  It's the coziest place I know of and it only seats maybe 10 at max so you could nearly just bring your friends and have the place to yourself.The one night my girlfriend and I were there we actually scored with a special that for $30, you got a meat and cheese plate along with a glass of wine each (might have been more).The interior is just really dark and inviting and the bar is tucked away very nicely.  Be careful parking because if you park at the VFW place you will get towed it seems.
4	I came here by myself during my business trip. The service was good. I had escargot, onion soup and another entree. It's a cute little place.
2	Not good service, and food is just average. Sketchy bill. I would avoid personally. Also the $$ needs to be about $$$$. Meals start around $18 for small portions and deserts are all flat rate $8.50. Any coffee drinks start at higher-than Starbucks prices (small cup of coffee = $2.5)
5	One of the first places my wife and I went to when we first moved to Charlotte. It is relaxing, quiet, romantic, and comfortable. The people are nice and welcoming, the food is very good and the steak frittes are out of this world. Parking is a little tight but even that is worth the experience.
4	Great ambiance. Old house converted to a restaurant. It has a cozy feel to it.C and I shared the paella. Very good. Then had two deserts. One was a pear cake and the other something with hazelnuts. Both excellent. Good service.
4	Morning brunch here was not in the plans today, more of a unexpected stop to settle our hunger. I have to admit pulling into this place gave me that "oh boy another house/restaurant" feeling. (notice my sarcastic joy) so yes i was a bit skeptical to dine here. I was very much surprised at how decent the place was inside seeing as how the outside was obscured by trees and even kind of gloomy looking. We were seated immediately and our drink and food order was taken shortly after. Our food having arrived was beyond what i expected. My girlfriend had the Creme Brulee French toast and I had the Madam Croquet  which was exquisite by the way! Now for the waitress she was friendly and peppy but seemed like a newbie. I had to ask 3 times for a refill on my coffee instead of her offering me for a top off. All in all i rate the LULU at 4 stars for the cleanliness and look, food quality and the friendly atmosphere!
3	The service and ambiance were very good. Small and intimate. Tables were a little close together in our section, and the heater was blowing directly underneath our feet, so it got a little uncomfortable as the night went on. Used a living social deal, which made the meal an excellent value. Ordered the escargot appetizer and the french onion soup, which were both delicious. Unfortunately, several appetizer and entree menu items were unavailable, including the frog legs, which I was interested in trying. I ordered the steak and frites (ribeye). The steak just wasn't good. The meat seemed very bland and I had to chew through some very tough and rubbery bits. Even though I  enjoyed the soup and appetizer, I left a bit unsatisfied due to the less than stellar ribeye. I do intent to come back and try something else on the menu in the future.
3	I think food wise Lulu would be a solid 3.5 but I always think the service is lacking.  Long periods of waiting before someone approaches the table, long periods of waiting to get a drink refill, standing at the host stand for a long period of time while the owner (?) stood and watched me while he talked on the phone, even watching other tables who sat after us get their food 1st.  But the thing is they do have some very enjoyable food.  The jambon and gruyere croissant sandwich is delicious, add the egg to make it even more savory.  The french onion soup, mimosa salad and the fried calamari, to name a few, are all dishes I have really enjoyed here.  Its just I usually know I should not be in any kind of rush if I am going to eat here or have any high expectation of service.
4	A quaint establishment with a great ambiance. You wouldn't know it by the outside of the building. I had the ribeye sandwich with fries. Food was really good and sweet tea was just as divine! Went for lunch, would defiantly go back for lunch and dinner.
5	I don't know how people have time to write a 9 page dissertation on their "experience" at a restaurant, let alone do it at seemingly every restaurant they eat at.  Let me cut to the chase... this restaurant is awesome.  The food is delicious.  The service is excellent.  The prices are reasonable.  Eat at this restaurant for a great night out.Recommendations:  The filet and lamb entrees were great.
4	You wouldn't know it by the outside of the building. The outside of it had me worried but then I walked inside. A quaint establishment with a great ambiance. Great for a date! I had the ribeye sandwich with fries my girlfriend had Escargot and kish which she loved. My food was good nothing amazing but good. I would recommend this place especially if a guy is looking to take a date she will love the place!
4	My wife and I had a wonderful experience here on Saturday, it was a little crowded but the food and service were great.  The portions were ample, the I had the paella  and my wife had a roasted chicken dish.  Both were fantastic.
3	I have mixed feelings about this cozy restaurant.Its atmosphere is really homey (fitting, being that it resides in a repurposed bungalow.) with beautiful hardwood floors and bright, warm-colored walls. Also , the food is good. If this review was based on their culinary skills alone, I'd give it at least a 3.5 or 4. My brunch time benedict was good, if a little lacking in complexity or flavor.So why the 3 stars? Lack of proper table service. The waiter was pretty indifferent to our being there, for starters. When our food arrived, they didn't check in to see how we liked it. They refilled our coffees and waters regularly, but did so without engaging in any small talk. And at first I wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt, chalking it up to being busy. Then I looked around and noticed they were by and large all congregating near the front entry talking amongst themselves. This is a hard review to write. As I said before, I have mixed feelings. This place could be epic and amazing, if they could just make me feel like I belonged there, and they were happy to have me.Maybe it was just a bad day. Take my thoughts with a grain of salt, and try it for yourself. The food, at least, is worth the stop.
2	This place is overrated. The service was extremely slow and the waitress never asked us how our food was. I got the jambon croissant with ham and side salad. The salad tasted like someone dipped the lettuce in a pepper shaker. I'm a pretty big foodie, was excited to eat here and ended up being extremely disappointed.
4	I went with a friend to have dinner and it was a very pleasant experience. The service was very good, efficient and friendly. We were able to share everything, including the main entree, the lamb.  The lamb was delicious and very abundant, excellent for two people. The salad was good also and was brought to us already in two plates. They chicken pate  okay bit tart.The house that houses the restaurant is very cute, the only problem is that when it gets halfway full it gets really really loud.
2	Not too impressed....Went for Sunday brunch. Did not have to wait to get seated, however, waited 5 minutes after getting seated for the server to come over. Got coffee but it was lukewarm. Ordered the ham and cheese croissant sandwich. My croissant was hard. Not too impressed overall. Probably won't be back again.
5	YES! Everything about my recent experience with my boyfriend was a 100%, emphatic  YES!We came down to Charlotte for one night and my boyfriend decided to take me out to a French restaurant for a great meal. He read some reviews, picked Lulu, and the rest of this review is history!The restaurant has an intimate feel and it is not loud. The wait staff is friendly and knowledgeable about the food selection. But most importantly, the food is amazing!We both had steak and they were so perfectly prepared we haven't stopped talking about them since! We even took pictures of the food (and we usually don't photograph our food, but it was that good!)The potato gratin was also wonderful.I'm having a food-flashback just writing the review, but I don't think words can describe the meal - just check this place out and you won't regret it!
3	As many have said previously, the service leaves much to be desired whereas the food keeps people coming back. We were not greeted until 7 minutes after being seated at our table and were not provided with our appetizer until 50 minutes from the time that we were seated. My date had the filet which was very nice but the paella I ordered was bland and underwhelming. I highly recommend the triple layer chocolate mousse for dessert. Because of the poor service two consecutive times I most likely will not return. Also, the small dining room was very noisy. I felt like Helen Keller trying to read my dates' lips the entire evening.
4	Lulu is located in a charming renovated house with superior service and a quiet romantic setting. I bought a LivingSocial deal they had for one appetizer and two entrees. My boyfriend and I split the Lulu plate to start, which could have easily fed four people instead of just the two of us. He ordered the paella which came out fantastic, and I ordered the steak and frites which ended up being a disappointment (far too much fat on the steak and so much extra juice it made a good portion of my fries soggy). Even though what I ordered wasn't to my taste everything else was delicious so I am excited to go back to try something else.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.  The fried green tomato BLT sandwich with pimento cheese is divine.  It goes great with the pomme frites and a trio of aioli sauces for dipping.  The calamari is also terrific.  It is lightly breaded and cooked to perfection with this amazing Asian Love Sauce.
4	Lulu is quickly becoming a new favorite.  I love the atmosphere (the restaurant is located in an old house).  So far, my favorites are the Portuguese Mussels and the country Benedict with poached eggs, sausage, fried green tomatoes, and country bread.  DELICIOUS.
1	Terrible. We went for first time today and had top 5 worst meals we have ever had. Mussels smelled very fishy and like cat litter; ordered steak and frites, medium well.. Came out bloody and 50% fatty... Sent back and it was bloody again. After all that they still charged us $49 for drinks and smelly mussels. We will not be back. Terrible.
5	Had a wonderful birthday dinner last night - great atmosphere, outstanding service from Emily who made an excellent wine recommendation.  Shared calamari as a starter - plenty for two - it comes with a delicious accompanying sauce that has just the right amount of  'heat'.  We had paella and steak & frites as our main course - both dishes were beautifully presented and were delicious - steak was cooked exactly as ordered - medium rare.   Paella had many different flavors and no one flavor dominated, it was as good as I've had in Valencia...  and a lovely touch was a surprise creme brulee with a lighted birthday candle.  We love this restaurant.  We will be back and we will recommend to friends and out of town guests.
5	Omg I can't say enough about how much I love Lulu. It's the perfect cozy date place. I came here on a rainy Sunday evening for a nice dinner and I was not disappointed. The wine selection is fantastic, our server was very helpful on suggestions and the food, Oh god, the food. I had the salmon and risotto and my boyfriend had the steak frites and we split a piece of cake with coffee for dessert. Everything was cooked to perfection and treated great  Lulu's is so cozy and nice and we will totally be coming back!
4	Over the years Lulu keeps getting better. The location is in a charming historic home with a small patio surrounded by greenery.Brunch recently was decadent, sensible portions- not tiny but not plate overflowing.I had a chance to sample the lamb hash. YES! but $18 so maybe yes - is more prudent.I had a lovely salad with chicken livers and a five minute egg. Overall prices are reasonable for the food variety and quality. There were easily five or six items on the menu that seemed very unique and I struggled with making the right choice ordering. Real life problems you know.I want to try their famous Lulu burger with fried green tomatoes and pimento cheese.Like others mentioned the service does not match the food quality but it is not awful - just could be more friendly, efficient and polished to gain a fifth star.
2	The hubby and I went to Lulu last night for a romantic night out. The restaurant is very cozy so it's a bit difficult to not overhear people at other tables. For our drinks, I got the toasted almond and he had the negroni. My drink was okay; he felt like his was just average. He ordered the salmon, which was cooked perfectly but over-salted. My chicken Cecelia was bland and the potatoes on the side were lukewarm by the time we got our food. I also found a piece of plastic in the potatoes, which really grosses me out. It's also strange that a restaurant in this price range covers their tablecloths with paper and just remove the paper in-between parties.  I think this will be our last time at Lulu
5	Tried it out today for breakfast. First time here. Cute little place with fantastic service. Owner was there with his kids, and they seemed to know a lot of the customers. Had a tasty breakfast- smoked salmon on a bagel. Good coffee. Relaxed atmosphere... I was able to read a book while eating with limited distraction. I'll be back.
