2	I love their 5 dollar chicken katsu and teriyaki chicken specials!EDIT : This special no longer exists here..not as good a deal as it used to be =p  reduced to 2 stars due to a big loss of value
3	I discovered this Hawaiian joint in the Target shopping center while exploring the other side of Blue Diamond Rd going west away from the strip. Your typical "Hawaiian lunch plate". On their menu they got da kine like the Kalua pork, manpuas, spam musubi, moco loco plate, teriyaki, malasadas. They even got Thai Iced Tea and boba drinks. One cool thing that they have is a daily lunch special that's about $5. I tried my friend's teriyaki salmon and it was quite "onolicious"-- cooked and seasoned quite well. I got a mixed chicken and beef teriyaki plate. The mac salad and the beef was bomb. The chicken however was a bit dry and not so flavorful. The portions were generous. I look forward to going back and trying other things on their menu.
4	I have been to Hawaii several times and one of my favorite things about the trips (other then just being in Hawaii!) is always the lunch plates. This restaurant has come the closest to the flavor I remember on my vacations and is very good. I only have had their combo plate with the chicken, spare ribs and BBQ pork - of course it also comes with white rice and macaroni salad. The one plate was enough for two people, typical mainland American serving size (AKA, way too much for one person), but I'm not complaining! Just gives me lunch for two days! Great place!Additional note - I saw the person who reviewed before me said the chicken was a bit dry but I did not have this. I was actually surprised how flavorful and juicy the chicken was. Maybe hit or miss on the chicken? The BBQ beef was awesome though, I do agree with that!
4	I'm on a Hawaiian food kick (I miss home) so I figure I'll keep it rollin'.All I can say is...if you wanna try this place, go on a Sunday.  Yep, a Sunday because they usually have 3 specials going on!  Their current specials are regular plates of Chicken Katsu or BBQ Chicken for $5.25 (or $5.50 can't recall), and BBQ Salmon for $5.95.  It's all good for Hawaiian fast food!  Each regular plate comes with (of course) 2 scoops of white rice (yay Calrose) and 1 scoop of macaroni salad (in Hawaii that's considered your 'veggie').  They don't skimp either!  Chicken Katsu comes with about 3 big rows of chicken, and the BBQ chicken comes with about 3-4 large marinated charbroiled thighs.  More than enough food to share between 2 people...or one BIG KANAKA!  Food quality is good, dishes are ONO!  Almost as good as back home in Hawaii.This Ohana BBQ is much cleaner and nicer than the one on Durango.  The people are more pleasant at this location too.  Menu is considered typical Hawaiian take-out (but sure, they have tables for eating in)...everything is packed in styrofoam containers whether you eat in the restaurant or not.  Their plate lunches have a great variation with lots of pork, beef, seafood, and chicken dishes to choose from.  Favorites such as Kalua Pig, Lau Lau, Loco Moco, Kalbi Shortribs, Mahi Mahi, and Chicken Katsu Curry are all on the menu.  Even better is the pricing...all regular plate lunches are no more than $9, most between the $6-$8 range.  And all da food is edible!  ONO!  Go figah!  Kalbi not as good as my Mom's but that's another story.  Pretty close to authentic Hawaiian fast food...so I won't knock on the Chinese guy (really from China...guy don't know English or Pidgin) that is cooking in the back.  You keep cookin' without that wok Bruddah!Besides plate lunches you also have burgers and sandwiches, such as a cheeseburger or Mahi Mahi sandwich.  You can combo these up with fries and a drink for under $6.  They also do other Hawaii specialties like Saimin and Spam Musubi (everyone's favorite!), and even Malasadas too!  This location also serves boba drinks on the cheap and Hawaiian Sun drinks as well.  So you Hawaii transplants can stock up lil' bit on the Hawaii goodies if you need to at the last minute. Solid 4 stars for me here, not quite as good as home...but miles better than the L&L's we have here in Las Vegas.  The decor is a bit kitchy (stuff you wouldn't see in an actual Hawaii joint) but I'm not gonna take off points for that.  The food is where it matters most.  Not too much frills, but this place will fill your tummy up good.  And the owners next door of the Quizno's?  They from Maui!  No joke!  They eat at Ohana Hawaiian BBQ all the time.  Mmm Mmm Mmm...toasty!
2	This place seems pretty popular but I'm not feeling it.  If you really have a craving  for local food then maybe you might go here, but really the food is kind of lousy.  Big portions, but no good flavor.  My katsu was kind of soggy, mac salad is weak and tasted of garlic powder, manapua is like the kind you get in the frozen food section at 99 Ranch, kalbi is average, grilled salmon is ok but the Teri sauce is cloying sweet.  I can cook most items bettah myself.  Depends how hungry you are, but the girl at the counter was cool.  And they have no hot mustard for the saimin and wonton min.  There's a big flat screen tv in there though.
3	I'm under the impression that Ohana Hawaiian BBQ is a chain in Las Vegas, but you definitely get a completely different experience at each location.The Husband ordered the Chicken Katsu and Kalbi Short Ribs Combo, while I ordered the Pork Lau Lau  Their two scoops of rice and one scoop of mac salad is an embarrassment to Hawaiian food.  When I opened my box, I thought they were kidding.  What's up with the small scoops?  Definitely disappointing on that part alone.The short ribs tastes okay, but my pork was super dry.  There were minimal fatty pieces, and everyone knows a good lau lau should have some decent amount of fatty pieces! Service can be improved here.  The only girl working was outside socializing with some guys.  I needed more napkins and since they are behind the counter, I had to go outside to request more.  It seemed like I was bothering her.  Overall, there are way better Hawaiian restaurants in Vegas that do better in food (quality and quantity) and service.2.5 stars
4	Better than L & L BBQ, the prices are good- $6.95 for regular sized plates- includes 2 scoops of white rice and mac salad (also has mini pacs). Drinks are: soda- free refills BTW, canned Hawaiian drinks, boba drinks, thai iced tea- 2 sizes- 16 oz./24 oz. Also has teriyaki bowls and gyoza on the menu. No haupia.  You order at the counter, pay, and get your drinks. Select seating. The cashier (she was very nice BTW) will bring your food over to your table. If you are sharing, you can request disposable plates.Entertainment coupon participant. We got three regular pacs (chicken katsu, kalua pork, and BBQ chicken), two thai iced tea's, and one drink for a little over $21.00, using the BOGO coupon. The three of us (my MIL) still had leftovers- which means big portions. Everything was very good. The chicken katsu featured white meat- nice surprise (L & L uses dark meat). The BBQ chicken had very little fat. The pork was seasoned just right. The thai iced tea was really good- I don't get it a lot so it's a real treat when I have it. We will definitely come here again.   The decor was actually not what I thought it would be- very colorful and surprisingly very nice. There were 2 booths, the rest of the seating is tables and chairs,and  a couple bar tables- all are in brown and green (love those colors). Along the menu wall are giant hibiscus flowers- always reminds me of Hawaii. One side has a flat screen tv. It was clean and the cashier would clean the tables right away.    There were many customers and lots of takeout orders- a very good sign. There are two other locations besides this one. Located in a strip mall, lots of shopping opportunities here- Kohls, Ross, Target, Dollar Tree. We spent four hours at this center once.
3	My husband was working late and the office ordered him dinner. This means great things for me. It means I dig in my 2011 Entertainment book for a NEW place to eat that has a BoGo coupon. The BoGo coupon at a new dining spot allows me to try two new things and as in this case with Ohana, saves me from making a single "bad" choice. Yay! I've never been to Hawaii so the concept of Hawaiian food and Hawaiian BBQ is somewhat new to me. I've been to Roy's and I have a Sam Choy cook book where I experiment with recipes, and I've thrown a luau with food from those recipes and gotten rave reviews of my skills.... but I've never eaten at a Hawaiian BBQ joint before. My first question to the girl behind the counter is, "what is your favorite menu items, and what do most people order?" She gave me two recommendation and that is what I ordered. I had the BBQ Mix and a new menu item, Garlic Noodles. I loaded up on BBQ sauce and headed home to eat while enjoying a chick flick on the couch. First up: Garlic Noodles. Honest opinion is to pass on this one. They were dry, sticky and besides the obvious garlic, lacked flavor. I love garlicky foods where you can "feel" the garlic, but this had a cheap, powdered garlic aftertaste. No bueno. Few bites and I quickly moved on. BBQ Mix: WOW! Lots of meat! Two decent scoops of rice and the "Hawaiian Vegetable" (per one Yelper's review) of Macaroni Salad. The rice was cooked well, and the Mac Salad was very tasty! The meat was full of flavor and not lacking in the quantity department. Worth the stop and try. Can't compare to other Hawaiian BBQ because it was my first.
4	Its was roughly 2PM and my expecting wife was jonesing for quiznos so we headed to the one off of Blue Diamond by Target and to her surprise and my relief that location had been closed... So I got the classic long sigh and drawn out "where do yoooooouuuu want to go?" I looked up and like a unicorn in the winter, there was ohana Hawaiian BBQ. Okay well that was a little dramatic but nonetheless it was there. I am a fan of L&L so I decided there is no way that this place can be bad, it is Hawaiian Barbeque.  We walked in and it was packed,  After looking over menu I ordered my regular from L&L, The Chicken Katsu Plate. You get a large amount of chicken 2 scoops of white rice and a scoop of macaroni salad.  Now, unlike L&L where they lay one layer of chicken on a puffy bed of cabbage, at Ohana they lay one layer of chicken on a puffy bed of ........Chicken.  The quality was awesome, the quantity was awesome and the price was impressively low.Everytime I see the word Ohana I cannot help but think of Lilo and Stitch and that Ohana means Family, and that nobody gets left behind or forgotten. In this case Ohaha Family Barbeque means: Hunger, It will be left behind and forgotten. I will be back to try some of there other options.
3	My son loves their chicken katsu, and I love their garlic shrimp.  Friendly staff, accessible location.  Malasadas are good but pricey.  2 stars deducted for other food not being as good.
5	Five stars for the AMAZING mac salad. I know what you are thinking, what the heck is wrong with this guy? Raving about MAC SALAD? Trust me, I've had a lot of Hawaiian food and this mac salad was one of the best i've had on the mainland. Maybe even better than I've had in my visits to Hawaii. The Kalua pig was just perfect, complete with soft cabbage and the right amount of delicious pork broth to mix with the perfectly cooked rice. I did get my boba tea order messed up a bit, but it was busy and there was only one girl responsible for taking orders, ringing people up, and making drinks. They redeemed themselves by having huge portions at a really decent price so I could have leftovers for two or three meals afterwards. Mahalo for reading:-)
4	Great food at a reasonable price for the portions! Many Hawaiian food items not found at similar restaurants back home. Good service!
4	Ok so ive never had Hawaiian bbq before. The reason being mostly that i love real bbq, and what is served here is not bbq. Its Hawaiian bbq. That being said, i am now converted. I had the seafood combo with short ribs. The cod fillet was crispy fried goodness and the butterfly shrimp were huge. The short ribs had good flavor and were a great change of pace from the sea food. The combo also came with mac salad and rice. It is simple but flavorful food. I am disappointed that it has taken me this long to try Hawaiian bbq out. Dont wait as long as i did.
1	Seriously?? One of the...worst...meals...ever.I got a seafood and kalbi combination. The shrimp was heavily breaded, dry and flavorless. The mahi was okay. The kalbi was the worst I've ever had to the point of being nearly inedible.Altogether one of my worst restaurant experiences, ever.Blech!I don't understand the good reviews, at all.If you want fabulous Hawaiian food, check out Island Style over on Sahara. Less good, but still orders of magnitude better than Ohana, is Aloha Kitchen over on Decatur.
2	Great food, but terrible service. I called in a to go order, and when i went to go pay for it, there was no thank you from Lyn, the cashier, nor a you're welcome after I said thank you. And after I paid, she doesn't hand me the food, she just says "Oh, your food is right there." I can maybe understand if it was busy, but I was the only one there. Someone needs to put a smile on Lyn's face.
4	In vegas for work which has me here for a month. i do what i do best when looking for a place to eat. "YELP"read a few reviews and i know the food is good so i decided to come in. Ordered my usual half chicken n beef and it was great. Place wasn't to busy so the food didn't take long. Cashier was nice didn't say much just got straight to the point which i like. I went here two days straight, told co-worker about the place and he wanted to go so I don't mind but ordered the Katsu. Yup it was good to so for sure anytime i'm in vegas for work or fun and craving Hawaiian BBQ i'm for sure coming here. I think you should do the same.
3	Ohana's is walking distance from my house.  If I were to rate this place relative to other Hawaiian spots in Las Vegas I would say it's better than L&L bbq and doesn't quite reach the standards of Aloha kitchen.  I'll review a couple dishes that I get on the regular:BBQ Beef Bowl:  Awesome bang for your buck.  At $4.95 you get a fist full portion of teriyaki beef on top of steamed veggies and rice.  I have a pretty big appetite and this dish always leaves me satisfied.Chicken Katsu:  The chicken katsu is right on par.  They use all white chicken.  If you like a little dark meat in your katsu you may get sick off all the white meat.  The katsu sauce is just right.  Not to different than most places which I like.  Really can't go wrong.BBQ Beef Plate:  The bbq beef plate was just okay.  BBQ Chicken....good, BBQ Beef....good, Kalbi Beef...not so good.  I think what really killed this plate was the Kalbi.  How do you make Kalbi wrong?!  Well, if you don't marinade it long enough and the Kalbi doesn't taste like, well...Kalib!So, anyhow, Hawaiian food is like a staple to my diet as well as a great way to maintain my high cholesterol.  If you are in the area it's a great place to stop by and pick up food or have dinner with the family.  However, It's not really a place you would go out of your way for.I'm really glad that they are in business serving some go ol Hawaiian food.
4	Okay, I've been here enough times (since it's so close to my work and they deliver).  I think it's about time I left a review:  They have a pretty good menu, the selections are not as grand as other Hawaiian BBQ joints, but everything they do offer is on point!    I swear this place is evil.  If someone dares to mention it at work, a post it note with 3 people's order of choice turns into a whole sheet of paper with side notes (i.e. "Katsu well-done please").    Today I went with the Katsu Curry, but I have tried everything on the menu from Garlic Shrimp to their Saimen.  The Katsu Curry is pretty amazing.  The Curry sauce comes on the side so it doesn't leave my Chicken Katsu extra soggy.   I got a mini portion (there's also a regular portion) and there was plenty of food for 2 sittings.  If you work nearby or are shopping at the Target and in the mood for some local food, check this place out.Pros: *  They deliver (within reason) *  Huge portions.  (you can seriously split the regular sized plates) * Hawaiian Sun (this is a must... Lilikoi Passion... Mmmm! * Self Serve pop * Lunch specials for the price of the mini plates  ($4.95!) * Grilled Salmon  !!!!! * Loco Moco !!!!!Cons: * I'm not really fond of their Mac Salad.  * Saimen @ Ohana's is a bit bland for me * Food is good, but sometimes its an overkill with their sauce. * No Mochiko Chicken Tips: * Try their Grilled Salmon plate! * Order the sauce on the side. * They also have burger/fries.  I'm just saying. * Try to avoid dining in during lunch hours.  It is hectic! * If you work nearby, have them fax you a menu!Overall, I'd have to say I'm definitely a fan of this place.  How can I not be? Cheap eats, quick service, and man vs. food portions.  I'm in !
4	The best loco moco - excellent gravy!!  Had the spam musubi which is also very very good.  Will definitely be back to try all the items on their menu!!
3	Ohana isn't bad for a quick Hawaiian fix!  This joint is in walking distance to my house, so we frequent it a lot if we're in the mood for rice and don't want to cook.  I wouldn't say its the most amazing Hawaiian food around, but its cheap and its decent.I would have to say that this place has its "on" days and it also has their "off" days.  Sometimes it's like wow that was amazing.. others its like dammit, why did we go here today.A few noteworthy items:- BBQ Mix Plate:  Plenty of meat for the price and enough for two people to share.- Loco Moco:  Their patties and gravy are pretty good - does the job if your craving.- Chicken/Beef Teriyakis:  Nice flavors in the teriyaki, meat is usually pretty most.- Spam and Eggs:  Can't never mess this up!Stay away from:Saimin:  Way too salty for my taste.Mac Salad:  I know this comes as a side for most combos, but I'm not a fan of the bland.They started selling Chinese food more recently and I'd have to say its pretty good.  Better than most Chinese take out joints.  We tried the Shrimp Chow Mein and Mongolian beef recently and thumbs up to both!Food is decent, service is quick.  Try it out for yourself sometime!
4	Pretty good place to get your Hawaiian food fix.. From spam musubi's to the chicken cutlet. Place is pretty clean and another upside is that they show some sort of professional or college game if you like to just relax, sit in, eat and watch a decent game... Only reason this place doesn't get the full 5 stars is because couple of the cashiers have that attitude that they don't wanna work there or don't wanna serve you as the customer..
1	This place needs to replace its front of the house people. Wish I could say I was able to try the food. We ordered and paid for the food, waited half hour and that was when they realized our order never got placed to the kitchen. The staff has no clue what they are doing... Even when we asked to be refunded our money so we could leave it took another 10 mins to figure out. Without getting us our food they still made us pay for our sodas. Really ? You made us sit here waiting all this time without food and you can't even give me my full refund? I don't Understand how this place is still in business!
4	I work by this place.  I am a fan of L&L so I figured I would check this place for lunch.  It took a lot of trial and error to find a hawaiian dish that I liked.  Sorry, the food is different.  So, I ordered the classic chicken katsu.  I ordered the half because it was lunch time and I didn't want to go into a coma during the last part of the day.  I ordered the mini with no mac salad.  I have to say they make a mean chicken katsu.  It was cooked well and the sauce was tasty.  The rice wasn't overcooked  either.  I go back from time to time.  Check it out and try their katsu.  Cheers!
5	Hawaiian BBq at its best. Love their hawaiian food and especially their chinese food. They have many selections to choose from the famous loco moco to salt and pepper shrimp and more. Big food portions with great taste. Nice and clean place to eat. Cooks are very good at producing great tasting island food and chinese food, best of both worlds. Good eats for good prices.
1	It's just so convenient.  They are so close.  This is my 2nd review.  My son still loves their chicken Katsu. BUTTTT.....  They are ALWAYS getting my other orders wrong.  Today in particular, I ordered for pickup over the phone.  I specifically asked for an order of Shrimp TEMPURA.  When she repeated my order, the girl said shrimp TEMPURA herself.  Gotta make sure since they've messed up on my orders a hundred times.  My hubby gets there to pick up our order, and sure enough, they give him Fried Shrimp.  She offers to give him 10% for the inconvenience.  More like a very bad miscommunication between the lady who took the order and the cooks.  Fried Shrimp vs. Shrimp Tempura is a big difference to me.  They should have offered to make the tempura and gave it for free.  10% off is an insult after numerous mistakes.
3	This is a unique Hawaiian BBQ location. They do not serve just Hawaiian food. Its also a hidden Chinese food restaurant too!! A few friends and my family were planing on a cheap fast but tasty dinner and we ended up here. I have to say that I'm happy we did. I ordered the BBQ combo plate and the overall flavor and portion size deserves 5 stars alone. This place puts L&L to shame with there tender and juicy meat, fresh tasting rice and mac salad. Usually I'm not a fan of mac salad and I killed the huge scoop that was on my plate! Its pretty awesome that you can order some great BBQ and an egg roll in the same place!So why did I only give this place 3 stars even thought the food was worth 5 stars?? The service was terrible the night we went. I will have to defend them a little since they were pretty busy and the place was hectic inside but that does not excuse the crappy attitudes from the cashiers and people calling for you to get your food. They seemed overwhelmed and stressed out. The terrible service will not keep me from going here again as the food is honestly the best Hawaiian food in Vegas. There layout is a little tight when you have a large group of people but all in all I cant wait to have another combo plate!
4	Since moving here a few months ago from Hawaii, my cousin and I have been on the prowl for plate lunch places here in Vegas.  While I was digging around in the pantry for some sort of dinner, my cousin asked if I wanted to try Ohana Hawaiian BBQ.  No cooking?  Sure!  My cousin had a chicken katsu and I started off with a BBQ mixed plate.  I usually try this when I go to a plate lunch place for the first time.  A variety pack, you know?  Anyway, my cousin and I both had regular sized plates... so half was for dinner and the other half will be eaten tomorrow.  Sweet deal!I like this place, so why 4 stars instead of 5?  Well, my rice was a little crunchy.  Kinda off-putting.  I'm hoping that this is just a one time thing.  Mostly, there are a lot more things to try on their menu.  I saw at least 4 different kinds of musubi on the menu.  I saw manapua, malasadas, chicken cutlet, pineapple chicken..Wait,... pineapple chicken?!  *sigh*
2	After the demise of the undersung Aloha-A-Go-Go, this became the default neighborhood Hawaiian BBQ spot.Too bad the menu is much more limited and the ingredient quality isn't up to par. Not that it was great at Aloha but I've encountered some really vile pieces of meat here.I guess you could say the chicken was foul.Thank you very much. I'll be here all week. Try the veal.
4	To me, katsu chicken is fried chicken done right. I don't really care for the fried chicken from most restaurants that specialize in such cuisine. But katsu is different. It is so supurbly crispy and tender. And the katsu I had at Ohana was phenominal. The sauce was good. It was not the normal American style BBQ sauce I get with katsu from other places.  It was more thin and tangy. Like a mustard and vinegar based sauce.  I got a regular sized lunch plate of katsu with the customary two scoops of rice and one scoop of macaroni salad. FYI, Hawaiian style macaroni salad is my favorite style. When I received my order I was shocked at how much katsu was in the box. I almost didn't need the side order of Spam musubi. I took much of my katsu and a scoop of rice home for dinner. I did eat the musubi and macaroni salad. In regards to the musubi, it was good. The nori wrap was tender and easy to bite through. The Spam was a normal sized serving. The rice was perfectly sticky. If there is just one complaint I have, there was not enough sauce. I like a lot of teriyaki on my musubi. This place was good. I am glad I stopped in. I am sorry to see it so far away from me though.
3	It's been almost 2 years since I last eaten Ohana Hawaiian BBQ.  The last time I was here, I got their Salmon with rice which I thought was one of the best Salmons one can get, especially at a Hawaiian restaurant.  On my most recent visit, I opted for their Katsu Mini and a Katsu Masubi.  I really wanted a Loco Moco, but cut off red meat for Lent. First of all, let's talk price and portions.  Price is probably one of the cheapest out there and the portions are huge.  My Katsu Mini looked as big as a regular.  My only issue is that it was missing some taste.  From the rice, the macaroni, and to the Katsu, taste was lacking and it was super bland. My Katsu Masubi was also missing taste. If this restaurant was in SoCal, it may be considered really good stuff.  But with the amount of Hawaiian restaurants out here in Las Vegas, I would say Ohana is just okay.  My co-worker had lunch with me.  He never eats anything outside of Pizza, Burgers, BBQ, etc.  In other words, he doesn't eat outside the box.  For the first time, I actually witnessed someone order a Cheeseburger at a Hawaiian restaurant. Hilarious stuff and he thought it was just okay, nothing special.  On a side note, this restaurant also carries Chinese Food.  You can get what looks like Orange Chicken here and noodles.  Really??  Couple of things I do like about this restaurant is the details and pictures of their food. Almost every item that you can order has pictures represented. Overall, I really don't see myself driving out of my way to come here. The location is far from the usual areas I'm in anyway.  However, I still remember how good their Salmon was.  Maybe my next trip is just for that.
1	Been here before and it was decent a year or two ago, things definitely went downhill.  Called in an order for pick up as it's cold/windy/rainy outside and just wanted some good eats at home.  Ordered a Chicken Katsu/Kal Bi combo and their Salt/Pepper Pork Chop (they've got an extended Chinese menu added to their "Hawaiian" menu).Finally got home and opened our plates to see HAIR right next to the Chicken Katsu.  I was not about to drive back, wait for another plate to get cooked, then drive back home to eat, (not to mention my other plate getting cold while I go out and do all of this) so I figured just call and they could credit my card back or give me another replacement plate another day.  Their response:1- come back on the same day and they will make me another plateOR2- come back another day for a 10% discountREALLY?  If I don't want to drive back the same day for YOUR mistake ALL you're going to do for me and my plate of food with HAIR is to give me a 10% discount on whatever I decide to spend more of my money on for an additional plate?  So I lose my money on my first plate for apparent reasons, then I CAN spend another $8-$9 minus 10%??  Horrible customer service and bad judgement on managements part.P.S.I tried their "Salt and Pepper Pork Chops" and they should more accurately call it Salt and Pepper Batter Balls with slivers of pork and bones.  There were about 3 pieces that tasted like actual pork chops and the rest of it were balls of deep fried batter with little bitty bones.  I've had this dish at numerous chinese restaurants around Las Vegas like Joyful House who nail it, sadly Ohana missed the mark on this dish.  I'd hate to taste their General Tso's chicken/Orange chicken dishes with the same batter balls and bitty pieces of meat...never on my penny.Needless to say they can take that 10% discount (what a joke for having HAIR in their dish) and give it to someone else, I'm never going back.Go to L&L Barbeque, Island Sushi, Rice Trax, or Island Flavor for good Hawaiian Style plate lunches.  If you want chinese go someplace in Chinatown (Asian BBQ & Noodles, Joyful House), Hawaiian Chinese style at Diamond China or Wo Fat. Save your money and stay away from this place, too many good options out there for you with better service and better food.
4	I eat at this chain pretty frequently.  I've fallen in love with their pineapple chicken option and will usually make two, sometimes three meals when I pair it with a few spam musubis ( you can make pineapple spam musubi ).    Now thanks to yelpers today I gave their garlic shrimp a shot.  The shrimp were perfectly cooked and tasted great, only downfall being the amount of shrimp provided.  Needless to say, for the most part you get a lot of good food when you order anything from here, but today's shrimp plate left me thinking, "damn that's good, but that's it?".  6 shrimp was all i got, now maybe if they were H&J or Boiling Crab size shrimp it'd be cool but that wasn't the case.  They were on the smaller side.    Hence the 4 out of 5.  I still love the place though and know whenever a kanak attack lurks this place most often than not satisfies.  Food is ono, service good, portions tend to be ample... just not today, but yeah lol
3	This place is alright I get the BBQ short ribs. Good price for a big plate of sticky rice and short ribs.
4	i am a hawaiian bbq lover. Ohana's is a great place if youre appetite is on high! the amount of food you get for your dollar is more than enough yet again it tastes so good! other than just the normal hawaiian plates, they have various dishes to choose from burgers to chow mein! great quality bbq & amazing fast service! i eat here every week!
2	Egh...maybe double egh...my GF suggested this place and she arrived a good twenty minutes before I did and was better prepared to place an order. I'm guessing that's why her meal was better than mine although not by much. Enough chit chat let me get to it.My GF was upset I was 20 minutes late. So I didn't spend too long studying the menu. I saw seafood combo and ordered that without reading everything was battered and fried. In fact there was more batter on my seafood than seafood itself. So disappointing... As I was sitting there being read the riot act for being late I saw a second menu board with more options to choose from. When you walk in look right as it appears the good food/typical Asian fare is listed over there and you want to make a fully educated choice.The girlfriend ordered a BBQ chicken dish. It had good flavor and portion size. She was kind enough to share a bite or two with me when she realized mine was all batter/ breading. They have seating for about 15 or 20 people but I think they really don't want you to stay. We ordered at the counter, said we were going to stay and had a seat. Our meals came out in ten minutes served to us in Styrofoam take out containers with plastic forks? No plates or silverware...definitely not a good first impression that was followed up by an equally poor 2nd impression when my seafood combo came out with 75% bread.I wasn't expecting the Ritz going into a restaurant located in a strip mall but was still sorely disappointed with their food, their service, and overall ambiance. The GF said their was no way we'd be back and I'd have to agree.
4	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  The to-go styrofoam containers even when you're dining in.LIKE  The Kalua Pig & Cabbage. The food selection. The combo plates. The slightly generous portions.LOVE  The cashiers who remember my regular order.
2	Love the garlic shrimp & thai tea w/ boba. However the cashiers should STOP answering the phone while they take your order. This happened 3x...
1	Wish I would have checked yelp review before I wasted $20. I never thought it was possible to f@#* up Hawaiian food... oh boy was I wrong!!I called in a order for my bf to pick up, Heather took the order (I should have just canceled and hung up then) I order 2 simple plates I had to repeat my order 5 to 6 times for her to get it right. My first plate was lau lau and second plate was a combo with half bbq chicken and lau lau (simple right?) Not for her.My bf came home with our food the order was correct. Now the lau lau.... where do I start with this? The lau lau was SUPPER SUPPER DRY and had a nasty freezer tastes to it like it was sitting in the back of the  freezer for month's maybe even a year. Now I know that the lau lau is not fresh and at some point it dose go into the freezer, that's fine. But to be cooking and selling something with freezer burn on it and hella dry is unacceptable. I called spoke to a lady that could only say "it's good its good we cook all the time" over and over again like she was program to only say thos words till finally Heather got back on to the phone a said sorry. I asked to speak to the manager and she would not let me. She had to hang up with me to speak to her manager Austin and call me back. She called back right away to inform me that there was nothing that could be done. I asked again if I would speak with this manager Austin and was denied. Over all. I spent $20 in food and had a bite then my bf throwed it away. No credit was offered of any type.Seems to me that they deal with a lot of complaints all the time and the business knows that there food is horrible and they will take whatever money they can get. Never will I come to this location again! I think the health district needs to give this places a visit.
2	Several steps below your typical short-order Hawaiian Bbq joint. I haven't been here in a while and I had an itch for for Hawaiian food and surprisingly, they expanded the menu to included Chinese-American fare, too bad they missed the mark on both. The worst dish was the BBQ beef--very salty, rubbery, and greasy. They had a stir-fry of assorted vegetables that was an expensive letdown of salty, messy, and mushy broccoli, canned baby corn and mushrooms, zig-zag shaped carrots, and cabbage slathered in this salty, cum-cloudy, gelatinous sauce from Mars. Of course, the saving grace was the chicken katsu but I think that's hard to get wrong.
4	This place is me and my boyfriend's go-to restaurants when we want good Hawaiian food. We're guilty of always getting the same thing we usually get but it's hard to break away from our favorites like the Garlic Shrimp, Chicken Katsu, and the Gyozas. And I love me some Gyozas! The service is always friendly - never stuck up or make you feel stupid for not knowing what you want. The food is always hot and ready at a decent time. But I've had 2 instances where they've gotten my order wrong where they put mac and rice together when I specifically ordered it to be all rice. Other than, it's a great find & convenient location! Right next to Baskin Robbins too which is my fave!
3	Ordered: BBQ Beef and Chicken Bowl, double scoop of Mac saladService was nice and friendly. Food was your typical Hawaiian style food. It's noticeable that the food was not as commercialized, but more homey. Though nothing out of the ordinary. Bf said he prefers L&L's more. The BBQ bowls were both pretty salty, the Mac salad was creamy and had a good consistency.
1	Food is great just don't like that they charge 50cents more if u use your debit card under $10 purchase. That is not a selling point by doing that only drives people away from coming back.
4	You have to be careful here and only order the Hawaiian food because they also offer Chinese food but they jacked up the price for that and you don't get as much as when you order Chinese food. I get the Loco Moco because it's huge and cheap
4	This place is so good! I really like their food, I always get the chicken katsu.. its delicious!.. their regular serving sizes are pretty big so I tend to order the 'mini' size if I am just ordering for myself.
5	Hands down best Hawaiian food! I'm excited to inform you that they are expanding and the cashier said it's going to be a Saimin house! (Right next door) All ramen noodles! Really excited for this. We need a noodle house around this side of town. Be expecting a new addition in a couple of weeks! ;)
3	This is my first time going here, the place is clean, service is okay, the time for waiting the food is normal. The problem is the FOOD. I ordered a mini Kaibi beef short ribs with mac salad and rice, the mac salad tastes nothing. The ribs is lacking flavor. My boyfriend ordered a spam saimin, I only tastes a little of the soup and it tastes like they put a whole bowl of salt in the soup. So, both of us didn't finish all our food. Even this place is near the neighborhood, I'll not going back.
4	Their macaroni salad is good! I am a fan of the bbq chicken with sticky rice.
4	Ohana offers chinese food thats pretty decent for a hawaiian place they still do your typical mix plates and katsus but if you want to mix some chinese food in the mix which i do everytime, then go here. i usually order a bbq mix plate and i either order some chow fun or pan fried crispy noodle chow mein.
4	Really good macaroni salad. The food is great and so is the service. Prices are what you would expect for take out Hawaiian. Super yummy. We come here at least twice a month. Call ahead for carry-out :)
2	I went only once and got the katsu chicken and short ribs combo. Maybe it was a bad day, but the breading was falling off the chicken, and the chicken tasted funny. I haven't been back since.
4	We've been coming here for years and we have it a couple times a month. My kids love the BBQ chicken. It comes with mac salad, steamed rice and it's served on a bed of shredded cabbage. It's a big portion and most times I will order 1 and share with my kids (4 and 8). The garlic shrimp is really good!! The Chinese menu is good too. Shrimp fried rice, combination fried rice, Kung pao shrimp, chow mien are all good. The only thing I tried and didn't like was the soup.
4	Clean workers friendly lots of parking in shopping center by kohls target ross dollar store.  Its ok if your from hawaii you will know what I mean.  Food not bad . Tried manapua ahh it's frozen kine oh well I survived.
1	Was among my favorite places to eat in Vegas. Came in from AZ to get my favorite food, looked forward to a chicken plate the whole drive, got in late, and arrived 10min before closing. The cook wouldn't make any more food for the night even though they're still open with a brightly lit "OPEN" sign in the window. I'll go find someone who wants my business. I'lll NEVER come back here.. you lost a very loyal customer due to a very lazy cook. I guess after expanding they forgot about the ones who matter.. the ones who provided the business and referrals that allowed the expansion. Crappy.
3	The food here is good and today I ordered chicken katsu at 1 pm. I was waiting for so long when I saw a box on the counter where the cooks put the food when ready. My food was ready sitting there getting cold and I even stood up by the register. The girl working just looked at me and was arranging things by my food that was ready. It was not too busy and there was no reason for this. Sad because the food is pretty good just didn't like this and may not go back.
4	Food always comes out perfect! The staff are always friendly. However I've tried their new boba drink, while the drink is good, the actual boba is pretty hard. Also while most of the food portions are pretty generous, the garlic shrimp plate doesn't have a lot of shrimp. Overall I like coming here rather than LnL, just start making the ramen burger and ur set haha.
5	This place is great! The chow funn was local style and so Ono! I had the pan fried combo and it was amazing enough for 2 people, the price is rt here and you get your Money's  worth. They even allowed me to bring my cat in out of the heat too ( who was in a cage) all u local people will love this place, I will def b back and with all my Ohana !!
1	Ordered a meal for pickup, went 15 minutes later and after they rang me up realized they never made it.
4	Their new additional section has many delicious dishes I love. I love the pork noodle soup with boiled egg which is cooked just right. The soup base is incredible. I also enjoy the buns with grilled pork belly slice.This will be my favorite noodle place here.
4	they got now cake noodles very good!  If your from Hawaii you wont be dissapointed. Try the fried won ton strips ... not greasy.
5	First time here! The service was great! The girls are so sweet and genuine. I got the chicken catsu (delicious) and gravy frys
1	Let me start off by saying that the staff has always been friendly and the food is fantastic. I always order the saimin and a spam musubi. We arrived yesterday at around 4:06p (not too busy to warrant a very long wait). We stopped by on our way home for a take-out order. They took our order pretty quickly and we waited at the table for it to be done. It was taking a little bit longer so I waited in the car since I wasn't feeling well. Several minutes later my husband came out to confirm my order because they didn't know what I ordered. A little while after no sign of him so I went inside. Still no order and he was looking annoyed. I asked the girl at the counter how much longer and she said 5 min. Not a big deal but 25 min had already passed so it was upsetting. I asked to cancel it cause I was so upset but my husband was hungry so we changed our mind. The food was ready a couple minutes later and I let him pick it up since I was so upset. She offered us a drink for the inconvenience but I feel that a drink was not enough for the 35 min wait. We only ordered a combo plate, one spam musubi and a chicken saimin. 3 items in our order should not have taken THAT long. The time on our order was 4:06p and we left at 4:40p. I'd like to be contacted by the manager of the restaurant.
5	I don't know what is wrong with people giving this place 1 or 2 stars complete wackos, because my girlfriend and I have been eating here as regulars for 3 years the food is always excellent maybe some things slip but it's probably because the place is so busy has nothing to do with the food.We will always recommend this establishment.
4	This is one of the few place where their Hong Kong style Chinese menu is more popular than their Hawaiian menu.   Great authentic Hong Kong style chinese food in the South West area without going to spring mountain.  They have all my favorite including Salted Shrimp, Pan Fried Beef Noodle, and Pan Fried Seafood Crispy Noddle at a decent price.
4	Very Busy location. Great food. I got the Kalbi (short rib) plate for my husband. It was a lot of food and he said it tasted great. It took awhile to make, but it is made freshly, so well worth the wait. Food was really ono (good)!!!!
4	When I am looking for fast, cheap, good Hawaiian eats in Vegas, I stop here.  Love the marination that they use on their meats.  Great malasadas too!
