3	All I can say is, "It's OK."  I've had much worse.  The only thing I liked about this buffet is that they give you the option of purchasing champagne during brunch.  Most places charge you for the champagne even if you're not old enough or just don't plan on drinking it.  The MGM has charges a reduced price for the non bubble wine drinking individuals.  Other than that... the food is just like any other buffets on the strip.
1	Not very good at all.  I stayed at the hotel and that was a great experience.  I was really looking forward to the buffet, I knew it wasn't going to be 4 star dining but I expected more out of this place, it didn't have the greatest selection and the food had no flavor.  I would never go back.  Please take my word for it, don't try the sushi...
1	I hate this place. Buffet's in Vegas have all gone bad. It used to be like 9.99 for breakfast. The last time we tried going to the MGM buffet they tried charging 3 of us $90 for breakfast. How many freakin bacon and eggs can you eat for $90? So we said to screw it and went to starbucks and got some coffee and a pastry. Way too overpriced to justify.
3	So I got comped for a free room+ 2 free buffets at MGM. Can't go wrong with a free buffet. The food is good, I had 3 prime ribs and a nice helping of artery clogging food. (You gotta let loose like grey goose in Vegas right?) A lot of different variety of food from Italian to seafood. Pretty much the same as most buffets in Vegas. The lines weren't that long which is a plus.If I had to pay for this buffet, I would pay or get comped. Since I lost my whole bankroll at the craps table, I should be getting something back. Try it out, if you are visiting their casino.
3	so much foooooood..........like a warehouse space filled with food..... I had the champagne brunch , free champagne before noon makes me hungry
4	I usually only go here for the breakfast buffet.  It's hit or miss at this place.  The breakfast items are your normal eggs, bacon, sausage, potatoes, french toast, blah blah blah.  However, what really makes this place hit or miss is the desserts.  Now, I know what you're thinking, desserts for breakfast?  That's overkill.  But, you're wrong.  So wrong in fact, that that's almost blasphemous!  At no time in life is dessert overkill, okay?  Okay!  Anyway, sometimes the desserts will be really good, sometimes you'll think to yourself that you could've got better desserts in the vending machine next to your room.  But, if you're one of the lucky people to catch them on the good day, then consider yourself blessed!
4	we had a great breakfast..we were here juz this weekend during the all star nba...didnt get to see it live though...tickets were all sold out.  anyway, i had a blast.
4	I don't know...I really like the MGM Grand Buffet!!I load up on prime rib and crab legs here with tons of melted butter!!  Oh, yeahhhhhh...sooooooooo, gooooooooood!The first time I ate here was about 6/7 years ago.  We were staying at the MGM for a week, and we ate here for brunch and a late dinner.  Filled my plate with deep fried chicken, mash, prime rib, lasagna, crab, shrimp.....you name it, I ate it!!I was relatively in shape checking into the hotel...but HOLY COW~!!!!  Upon returning home and weighing myself...I put on a whopping 12 pounds!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Un-freakin-believable!!!!
3	SO-SO buffet, kind of expensive for the quality of food served here.  Only memorable dish was this made to order potato dish where you can put bacon, mushrooms and other things to be grilled....mmmm yum But other than that the prime rib was pretty flavorless...OH the crab legs were pretty good but the SHRIMP was not even peeled...damn...oh but wait, they had really good mac and cheese and some decent ribs.. Shit i'm starting to like to place...no WAIT, it was too expensive.  3 STARS
3	okay im sitting here at work bored out of my mind so im just gonna write reviews for my favorite place...mgm grand buffet is by far the best buffet i have ever been to in vegas.  a lot of buffets places are kinda dingy and stinky and the food is cheap but here they give you your money's worth.The sunday brunch is the best because you have awesome breakfast foods and tasty other foods. you will have to stand in line for about an hour before you are seated though.if you are big on seafood they have an endless  selection prepared different ways daily. the desserts are okay but dont get a drink from there unless its a glass of wine.update: i went there the other day and the luch wasnt as good as it used to be. they have taken away from it the best thing was the salmon i cant tell you how many pieces i had but thats all i ate. so perhaps it was worth the 16 bucks by itself but im taking away 2 stars for the lack of variety and good food the place used to have
4	Well, this is my first review on a string of reviews for my recent trip to Vegas. I ate at the Grand Buffet for dinner on June 28, 2007. Got there around 7:00 PM and there was no line. Got to the table within 3 minutes after paying. To me, the price for dinner was too high. I think it was $25 per person? But my dad did have a $25 dining credit, so it was 1 free, so we gave this place a shot. I loaded up on prime rib, hot and cold split Alaskan king crab legs, and peel and eat shrimp. The prime rib was good, but a little too dry. The shrimp was good and the crab was good, although on my 3rd plate, the crab meat was dry (a disadvantage when it comes to split legs). And this buffet has a memorable mashed potato cake bar where they take a mashed potato cake and add sundried tomatoes, green onions, mushrooms, cheese, broccoli, and/or bacon to it. It was so great, I had 3 of those. I regrettably avoided most of their other foods because I knew that $25 had to be put to good use and the crab legs and the shrimp and prime rib did the job. The dessert bar was small, although had a good selection. I had chocolate mousse that was great, an Oreo cheesecake that was creamy, and vanilla ice cream (Yes, that was too much sugar). Our waiter was always there to refill our drinks and gave us extra mints in the end. We tipped him well.Overall, the food was good, BUT I would think it's worth it to spend an extra buck or two at the Bellagio dinner buffet, although the Bellagio doesn't have that great mashed potato cake, but hey, what can you do?
3	During our last trip to Vegas we had dinner here. Dinner was about $25/pp but we all got comped so that was a great start. And no trip to Vegas is complete until you've eaten at least at one buffet during your stay. The buffet, is your typical Vegas spread. They had a neat mashed potatoe cake bar which looked great and was fun to have made to order but the end product wasn't all that stellar. I was totally diggin the gnochi that I tasted. Yeah, I know all that food and I went back for more gnochi. I'm not huge seafood fan but other members of my party threw down with the crab legs and peeled shrimp. That's just too much work for me! I'm much more into instant gratification. I enjoyed the NY strip steak cooked to order on the grill. MMMmmm meat!! They also had the typical carving stations and tons of salads.Desserts weren't memorable except for a fruit tartlet that I had.Ah, thank God for stretchy pants!!
3	I recall going here almost every time I go to Vegas and from what I remember about this buffet is the various selection of food they offer over here.  Basically its your typical buffet in Vegas with nothing I that remember that sticked out except for the crab legs which were very good.    But with the $25 per person price, its cheaper than the other buffets on the strip.  So with the decent buffet food and relatively cheap price for a buffet, its worth the trip.
3	I used a $50 voucher for my gf and I to eat at this buffet. The food quality is good but the selection isn't so "grand", not making this worth a $25 dinner. my favorite item was the crab salad. Aside from that, you can find everything here and SOOOooooo much more at the Rio buffet for about the same price or less.
2	We went there for lunch - $18.99 per person. Cheap quality food and little selection for the price. The environment and service was average and there's no theme or specialty.  Just a plain old buffet place.  It's average of the average.
2	This place was not that great!  My husband and I went for breakfast while on our trip and while the service we had was great, the food was not.  The food quality was not fresh (everything and I mean everything!) tasted frozen or old.  It's okay if you're in a pinch, but I wouldn't make a point of going there on purpose
2	Definitely nothing compared to "The Buffet" at the Wynn or Bellagio's buffet.  This is more of a convenience buffet if you're staying at the hotel and don't want to venture out for mass quantities of food.Everything seems kind of dreary compared to the top  buffets.  When it comes to food, taste is everything of course, however a good portion of that is going to depend on how well the food is presented to you.  The presentation of the food here is pretty sad.  Salads looked like they've been stagnant and out for a while, the prime rib and turkey looked dry at the carving stations, the desserts looked like something you'd get from Denny's. etc.the only unique thing that the buffet offers was a mashed potato bar.  Pretty good and something I've never seen before.  They basically take an ice-cream scoopful of mashed potatoes and fry them up w/ all your fixings that you'd  normally have in a baked potato (bacon, chives, cheese, mushrooms, etc.).  Was definitely a different and yummy thing to munch on.  The coffee here is also pretty decent.  Then again, could've just been because I was sleep deprived.
1	hmmm, we were stuck between shows at MGM so tried the buffet.  i wonder how they stay in business??  Very hard to find anything good to eat!  price is quite high for what you get.  do gamblers get comp-ed to reduce the $25 cost.   if you must eat at MGM, find something else...  but, hey, there was no line!
3	I hate buffets.  With that said, this one actually had A LOT of food, and really good food at that.  I still don't like buffets (I'd rather be waited on, haha), but if you want to try a good buffet in Vegas, this one's acceptable.
2	Gross. The worst sushi I've ever had in my life. I could barely finish one plate of food. The only reason we went here was because we couldnt get into any kind other restaurant. the kids spread looked pretty decent though.Everything was stale and drenched in oil.I wished I listened to my friends advice to only go to Mirage or Wynn's buffet.
5	You get your money's worth.
2	Nothing's special about the breakfast here and some of the stuff looked old and stale. It's very similar to the Luxor breakfast buffet - just normal American breakfast fare. At least the Luxor had decent croissants and food looked fresh.
2	Very average and I can't imagine anyone NOT staying at this hotel eating here.  But who knows, there always are exceptions to any rule.  Damn, come to think of it I may have been an exception to the rule back in the day....  I never stayed here but I sure as hell did eat here but once just once.....
5	I am so bewildered by the slew of 1-3 star reviews for MGM's Grand Buffet! I thought it was phenomenal. I went the night after Christmas and was blown away. The line moved quickly, the wait staff and hosts are very polite, friendly and accommodating. Drink's are refilled constantly, and the array of food was astounding. The sushi was delicious and fresh with many varieties of maki to choose from. They have a taco bar, a pasta bar, a seafood section, a decadent dessert section... you name it! Very busy and always a full house, but plenty of room to maneuver. Everyone on here is complaining about the price but COME ON! Its Vegas for one, and its the MGM! They can charge whatever they please, they are one of the best, well-known casinos on the strip! I actually thought it was quite decently priced at $24 bucks a person. All you can eat... $24 bucks ain't bad!
4	I have absolutely no idea why there are so many reviews panning this buffet -- maybe they have upgraded or changed the food.  My friend and I went for brunch while on vacation and it was so good we didn't eat for the rest of the day.  I think the price was $22, but since it was Saturday, for $2.50 more you could get unlimited champagne (cheap champagne, yes, but add some of the unlimited orange juice and it made a quite passable mimosa).The food selection was unreal.  We tried everything - ham, prime rib, incredible ravioli, made-to-order eggs, great sausage gravy, some unnameable weird salad...the selection was endless and much better than any of the other buffets around the MGM, especially Mandalay Bay .  Favorites were the pastas, fresh guacamole, carrot cake, fruit selection...  Sometimes we had to wait for refills, but we were there for at least two hours and never got told to hurry up or denied anything.
3	hung over. need food. oh! let's wait in line for a freakin' buffet at 12 in the afternoon. yeah, i have smart-as-a-cookie friends. after we went passed the actual cashier, i thought we were entering an amusement park ride or something. is this the Jurassic Park ride?!?! no- it's a mutha-effin' BUFFET! the choices were unbelievable. how could someone process all the rows of food? i was simply in a daze. everything looked amazing- but my hungover nostrils were steering me to another direction. okay, so i finally recalled in my brain that i've actually been here before. more sober and with my fam-a-ree (family) a few years ago. wow, was i THAT oblivious that day? anyway... everyone gunned for the steaks/prime ribs/etc. i couldn't keep away from the pasta and snow king crab. i had a potato w/ tons of crapola ordered on it- that was pretty fantastic. my main gripe was the sushi. NOT GOOD. overall, it's not horrible... i actually really liked it here. the service is wonderful and if you're with good company... i don't see why it would be that average. too bad i was nursing a hang over to really enjoy anything else.
5	This is my favroite buffet in Vegas.  When I lived there, I would go here all the time.  It's cheap as you get in early!!  I've only been here for breakfast but I love it.  Get there before 10AM and it's only $12.99 I think.  So yummy!!!
3	BF and I stopped in for brunch. No line, paid the cashier and was in awe at the rows and rows of food. We got there a bit before they changed over for lunch. We paid the breakfast price and got lunch. Nice! The quality was not the best, but a HUGE selection of everything imaginable. So much food its a sin.
3	I must say I'm not impressed. The service is slow. The staffs are not very passionate in serving their customer. They never refill our drinks  even when it's empty. The food is not that great. The only thing that kept me eating for a while was the king crabs, rock crabs and some other seafood. Well I must admit I'm a big seafood lover. One thing I don't really understand is that they don't readily provide the tool to crack the crab shells open (sorry I don't know what it calls). You have to ask the staffs to get it. After we left, nobody even bother to say thank you. We just walked out....
3	This is a very average buffet. I suggest that you go to Paris or Bellagio, if you want a good buffet.
3	Been here a couple times and this place is a hit or miss at times. Even though they remodeled the place a few years back..it still have that cafeteria feel to it. The selection is okay not great it depends on the day. Went there a couple months back and it wasn't all that great to remember...but just went back last week because George Michael was playing at the MGM and we decided to give the buffet another try and it turned out okay. They actually have the steak station open this time and when you walk into the buffet the smell of the grilled steak just makes your mouth water and it turn out pretty tasty. The crab legs were tasty and delicious that night as well. But they had a special event price that night which cost an addtional $10 more per person...for $30 some dollars we should of planned for more time and went to the Wynn.
2	It's a buffet. Big money, big food, big people.Showed up at 7:00 on a Friday night in the summer. About a five minute wait. Not too bad. Eh.
3	You can't eat at the Wynn everyday, so we head out here for the afternoon buffet.  I loved the seafood selection.  The staff was clearly a lot faster than the ones at the Flamingo.  Repeat after me: "Not all buffets are equal."  I know corny right. But it's true.  I'm amazed at the number of buffets in Vegas, but I figure it this way, when you have pissed all your money with the exception of the free meals or comp tickets, you can still eat.We had an overall good impression here enough to try it again for dinner.  It does fill up around that time, but it's not too bad.
2	Was short on time, so gave this a shot. I will say that me and my gal are lightweight when it comes to eatin and usually split a dinner. Also, think the last time I went to a buffet was 1983. We went for Brunch, it was $23 per, and 4 us, that aint worth it if you dont eat much. My gal got the $2.50 unlimited champaign option (sundays only). Which we ripped them off and shared! (shhhh). Food was ok. I saw nothing run out. Lots of selection. Omletts took a while, but they were the best attraction there. Service was fast great. 5mins to get in. Place was 1/2 empty. If it was under $20 id recommend it. Otherwise. this place falls just below average.
4	Very good.  Go in right as they are switching over  to lunch so that you pay the breakfast price but get both breakfast and lunch offerings. In that case its a good deal.  Oh yeah, and go in hungry :)
2	Well... the one positive thing is that it'll fill you up.I can't really judge the service since a buffet is all-you-can eat. But I can say that the food was either overcooked, or really dry. Dinner for adults was $29.99 per person and for children it was $15.99. I rather pay $29.99 for a decent entree at some restaurant and get full at the satisfactory level than stuffed to the point that you wonder why you decided to eat there in the first place.But like I said, it'll fill you up quickly and there's a lot of variety.
2	A standard buffet at a standard price.  If your palate isn't particularly refined, you'll probably love it, and they had a special kids section, if the children in your party are the chicken fingers/mac n cheese/pizza crowd.   Otherwise, the food was only okay.  It's worth going to if you're staying in the hotel and don't feel like going elsewhere, but it's nothing to write home about.  For a really amazing buffet experience, I suggest the Wynn.
3	Average buffet but more than average price.  I go here because I dont feel like taking a cab somewhere else. They have good service but nothing to rave about. I prefer going to the wynn buffet
2	A dissapointing buffet...I would rather pay more to eat at other fine restaurants. We went there for lunch and paid $24 a person. Save your money and go elsewhere. The better selection for me were the steak, pork, desserts, and shrimp coctail. Our waitress were rude...maybe this is an isolated incident..cause anyone can have a bad day. But it took forever to get our drinks..man..we almost choked cause food were stuck in out throat..give me something to drink!.
3	Just O.K.Went there for breakfast twice (my parents are senior citizens and they sure do love a buffet) on my recent three day trip to Vegas. Food was typical buffet fare. I did enjoy the cinnamon rolls although I'm pretty sure they were from a can.The best part was the Mimosas were only $2.00. Jackpot!!
2	... since las vegas is full of buffets, let me get to the point right away...dont go here !!we were here for a friends wedding so we really didnt have a choice.
3	Why did I come here for buffets so many times?  I think everything here is average.  Not worth the price (not that it's really expensive but you can seriously get the same food at the buffet in Sahara for 1/2 that price.  I think I am done with MGM Buffets for now. I always have high expectation because of their name but always leave disappointed.
3	Pretty decent buffet. this buffet has a pretty large selection of food. It is a bit cheaper when compared to the other buffets at the higher end luxury hotels. The food that is served is pretty warm and fresh. If you expect to see a lot of crab or seafood, sorry, your at the wrong place
3	The MGM buffet is completely average. Meh, I have had better.For the price, I think you're way better paying 5 bucks more (for dinner) and going to the Wynn. I've never been to the Wynn's buffet (ha!) but I can imagine it must be way better then MGM. I did enjoy the lobster ravioli, crab salad, and the desserts! They were beautiful, rich, and miniature, so you can eat 4 and not feel like a total fatty. During a previous trip, I had the breakfast buffet, which was pretty good. I prefer the brunch buffet at Paris, but I was satisfied with MGM's.
1	This buffet is terrible and terribly expensive. Unless you're just into mass consumption and just want to gorge yourself on the food, you can't get the worth of the meal out of it.  Go to the Bellagio, go to Ceasers, go anywhere but here.  The selection is terrible....Oh and make sure you don't eat here shortly before going to the airport to catch your red eye.  Disaster will be waiting for you.
3	We stayed in Vegas thru 10/13/08 to 10/19/08 and ate at the MGM Grand Buffet twice.  Our first trip there started off rough...we were in line which was about 15 people deep when a host ushered us into the next line to speed up the process...next thing we knew....this host spotted people she knew coming in and abandoned us so she could bring her friends/family in and seat them...we watched her as she stood at their table chatting.  Meanwhile back in the line...we stood there as everyone else that was in the line we were in before she summoned us to switch...got seated and served..even people that came in behind us got in before we did.  We finally made it to the buffet and there was nothing really "grand" about it.  The food was fine..standard buffet selection...One thing I did notice is the crab legs were being " guarded" by an asian lady that acted like she had paid for them out of her own pocket.  You can't serve yourself crab legs..you have to ask for them...and she would only give you 2 small crab legs at a time and was not even friendly.   The place was clean and its not a bad buffett.....if your looking for something better..go to the Bellagio...for about ten bucks more you get a much better quality of food.
3	On my last trip to Vegas the MGM happened to be across the street and my friends recommended we check out their buffet so after gawking at the Lions, in we went.  Pretty pricey on a Saturday night as well as busy but the line moved quickly... The food was good, the highlight was the steak they make cooked to order with seasoning.. oh so good!  They have an omlette station too which is quite entertaining... Nothing else from the food section really stands out in my mind however... they had the usuals... salads, soups, pastas, and pizza... And the desserts, they are little gourmet kinds of desserts that are sitting over there all cute.  Things like this little cup of tiramisu, mocha, or a little circle of cheesecake.  Definitely not a let down... if you come hungry you'll be satisfied!
3	I've been to this buffet two or three times, and I haven't been disappointed.  My very positive experiences have come from dining on seafood and otherwise vegetarian dishes.  My favorite thing is the made-to-order mashed potato cakes.  I also enjoyed the Mexican foods, especially the chiles rellenos.  I think the cooked crab legs with seasoning were tastier than the cold king crab legs you get from an actual server behind the buffet.  Note that the cooked legs in the regular buffet section are served warm.  The sushi is not too shabby.  The service, as far as drinks and plate clean-up go, was very good and earned a decent tip.  The desserts are not to be missed!
3	This review is for the Grand Buffet's Breakfast/Brunch menu.I have been to the Grand Buffet plenty of times in the past, but usually only for dinner.  This time around, we tried them out for brunch, and was surprisingly disappointed! Though the price was right ($14.99/person), the food was not.  The eggs seemed dry and old and the meat selections (bacon/sausage) just didn't seem up to par -- how can you go wrong with bacon!?  There were other options that I didn't try (omelet bar, taco bar, etc.) but this review was for MY experience!I'm not sure I'd go back here for brunch, but I know next time, if I do go...I'll save my appetite for dinner!
2	I usually get a chance to come here whenever I'm in the area, but it's a buffet, & I'm really not into the entire buffet experience.. But last time I came, I remember stuffing myself to the point I couldn't handle it anymore.. But was it worth it? NO. There are plenty of other buffets up the strip, most notably the Bellagio's.
2	Since we stayed at the MGM and got a $35 dollar food credit why not try the buffet... We ate here for dinner and I was a bit disappointed by the food.  especially the desserts!Yes, they did have crab legs but it was not self serve, there was a lady to put a few legs on your plate, God forbid when you ask for more (so you don't have to walk back and forth every 5 minutes) because you'd get the dirtiest looks.  geez I thought it was a buffet and I swear if I paid $25 dollar to eat here I don't want to be judged on how many crab legs I have on my plate. :Pthere was a variety of food, sushi, mexican, italian, seafood, etc nothing was super spectacular.  to me, desserts make or break buffets and the desserts here sucked...!! the slices of cakes were huge as though they didn't want you to eat a lot ... trying to "fill you up" with one slice, the presentation was lacking and sad looking so I just stuck to a cone of soft serve.  :(  what was the best part of the buffet? the little chocolate mints on the way out AHAHHAHA
4	The cerviche, this day was more than passable, full of mussels and small shrimp, the cold salad selection looked nice, I had the tomato cucumber salad as well, which complimented the cerviche. This day Jan 11, at 12:30, there was also the ubiquitous carving station, which I skipped. I had instead, the cheese ravioli, giant sized in a white cheese sauce, and a side of creamed spinach. While both were of restaurant quality, the spinach was superior. Toothsome and fresh, it melded with sauce like good homemade, must have caught fresh out of the kitchen : } . I also had a piece of fried catfish, again fresh tasting. As well as a bit of good mac and cheese. Being warmer items, this all could have been just good luck. (when I walked out, I played a nickel poker game, 1 hand, deuces wild, hit a straight spade flush. Won 25 dollars om 65 cents.) I'm just saying, could have been my lucky day. The desert selection was not a accident, I had a lime tort, cappichino fluff, cheesecake bite, a chocolate mousse,  a fruit tart. This was out of a selection base of about 20. All again, of restaurant quality! Seriously, plated with a few squiggles and dust and they would stand up. I'm gonna hit breakfast on this trip too, and will update. Definably better than the Belligio, which I hit 3 months ago.
3	My friends and I came here since we had some food vouchers from the Grandview. If I have to think up of anything notable to eat, I enjoyed the prime rib, macaroni and cheese, crab legs, and creme brulee. Other than that, the food was so-so. It seemed like your average buffet, but not worth the price (at $27.99 for a Saturday night? Hmm). The only thing I didn't like was the dirty looks that our server gave us. Every time he came by us, he kept looking at us weird. We didn't do anything blasphemous to cause a commotion or anything. It was disheartening, but not enough to stop us from enjoying our food.At least that creme brulee was amazing.
2	I went there for the breakfast buffet... it was alright.  I was able to get a comp pass for playing at the poker tables for a couple hours - so I you really can't go wrong if its free.  The only tasteful things that I remember eating were the prime rib, scrambled eggs, sausage, and fruit - only because everything else I thought was just okay.
3	(Note: my recommendation of the buffet might be tinted as result of several glasses of Crown Royal consumed beforehand).I bonded with the lady doling out the crabs' legs. I couldn't stop eating them. On my fourth visit, she started pulling out the claws for me. Don't waste your time eating anything else though.
1	Horrible. All the food here tasted like it was reheated from 3 days ago. Everything was cold. Haven't they heard of sternos in this hotel?  I paid 30 dollars for a buffet of pure garbage. Go to the Rio buffet. It's the best in town so far.
2	A friend and I came here for Sunday brunch because we had $25 credit toward dining, so at $25 per person, we ended up paying half each. Which was probably about what I would want to pay for this buffet.The food was very hit or miss. I did like their scrambled eggs (although, it's hard to mess up powdered scrambled eggs), the breakfast potatoes (which were moist and nicely seasoned), the California roll sushi, and the cheesy polenta. But perhaps the best thing that I got was the fresh fruit -- namely the pineapple slices. I'm glad the fruit was all fresh.On the flip side, the gnocchi tasted it like it'd been sitting out for several hours, the blueberry blintzes were doughy and tasted uncooked, the fried shrimp was mostly just batter and the batter was very bland, the creme brulee/custard tart thing was even blander, and the rice krispie treat with dried fruit and icing was okay but extremely soggy and not crispy at all.The waitress who was serving beverages was incredibly creepy. We asked for two coffees, and when she only brought us one (empty) coffee cup and a large container of hot coffee, we pointed out we wanted two. She glared at us, reluctantly looked down at her pad, and went, "Oh, you're right, you asked for two." (You're not allowed to get snippy when you wrote down the order and screwed it up.) Then when she brought the second cup, she'd filled it with coffee and glared at us again when she put it down. And then every time she walked by us, she'd look at us funny.No joke, my friend ended up pouring the coffee out into a bowl because she was afraid the waitress had spit in it or something.Definitely not going to come back here unless it's free.
2	We met family from out of town here to eat (since that's where they wanted to go). I've had better, it wasn't awful... but I'm not inclined to go back.Best things I had:1) mini carrot cake complete with cream cheese frosting, it was nicely spice and how carrot cake is supposed to be.2) peel and eat cold shrimp and snow crab legs. The crab was sweet, the shrimp were nicely flavored. They both tasted fresh and not fishy.3) fresh fruit the melon, strawberries and pineapple were all juicy and flavorful.Mediocre things:1) steamed veggies....they were a little on the soggy side.2) tiramisu cup, there was hardly any lady finger in it :( that's the best part!3) cappuccino mouse, very rich....but a lot of clear brownish fluid was in a pocket in it....not sure if it just wasn't mixed good or what?4) black beans, they're kind of hard to screw up :)Could have been okay but.....1) Chili Relleno. The cheese filling was good, but there was wayyyyy too much breading on it which did nothing but retain too much grease....if there would have been less breading and not as greasy this would have fallen in the category above.2)peanut butter cream puff. Dry, kind of defeats a "cream" puff.Yuck:1) crab salad....I don't know if it was imitation crab meat, or old crab... but this was fish and gross...the crab was also rubbery.2) California roll, ewww gross. I actually spit this out into my napkin. It was so fishy it made me gag a little before I spit it out!3) mac n cheese pretty bland and gooey....I think maybe they made it with generic velveta?So, that's the run down of what I ate, about all I could fit in my tummy. So, in my opinion stick to the peel and eat shrimp and crab :) Not sure about the other meats because I don't eat it.....my hubby said they were okay, not the best, not the worst. He pretty much agrees with me on the "Meh. I've experienced better"
1	either im not into buffets anymore, or mgm has lost its touch!  the food was okay but i found hair in it! they have cut back  on the quality of seafood that they serve, and they dont have as much of a variety of food as they used too but the hiked the price! i complained and i was drunk! not thats sad!
2	Last time I was in Vegas we ate here and one of the guys got sick and had to stay in the hotel while we went out and partied.Sucked to be him but I still had a great time on the strip.
3	Decent enough food for sure. You are at a buffet, and  you are not at bellagio. You really cannot expect much out of it. The crab legs were good. Shrimp was good. Pork ribs were VERY good. The rest was fine enough. Lots of selection of all kinds of food. And for $20 with a convention discount for all you can eat in Vegas, this is not a bad deal at all. Would definitely come back here. But Bellagio stays as my first choice when I am winning and feeling spendy.
3	The buffet at MGM is not bad.....Had some great carved meats and some super coconut shrimp among many other very nice items.What bothers me about the buffet,  is that with all the real quality dining destinations at the other end of the hotel you would expect the buffet to be more in line with the Wynn or the Bellagio.On one end of the casino you have Craftsteak, Sea Blue, Pearl, L'Atelier and numerour other quality dining experiences, but that quality does not extend to the Buffet.It is a nice buffet, but I think at the MGM you want more than niceI realize it is a buffet ........... but I think there could be some improvements in the "quality" . The desert bar is nothing special, if fact there does not seem to be anything about the buffet that really stands out in your memory after your visit.Perhaps that is my concern - it is not a bad experience - but neither is it a memorable one.
2	$14 for breakfast buffetdescent breakfast selection, not enough "hot foods", they had some weird concoction like pancake casserole which did not look appetitizing at all.  stay away from the blitz, it looked like a tray of someone's barf from the night before.  really basic variety of fruits like pineapple, grapes, and melons. average selection of cereal (no cherrios!!! boo!).  they had an omlete station which i did not try. stuffed french toast wasnt too bad. the breakfast buffet only took up about half the serving stations. i guess for $14, thats all you're gonna get.....that amount of food.
3	Alaskan king crab. AMAZING. also their mediteranian/mid east food was quite good.The wait to get in was a bit long, but manageable.
2	Monday night, $56 for 2 just because it was Crab night? Neither me nor my dinner date are into seafood and the rest of the selections were terrible. Mediocre at best. Never again.
2	It's ok. Had no choice to eat here since we were running late for our show, Ka, and this was the only place you could eat right away. I forget how much dinner was, but somewhere around the $25 range. You can buy a bottle of merlot for $15 outside as well (a pretty good deal).  I had tons of food, but then again, it's buffet food. I wish they had more soups to choose from. I felt like the soup was leftovers in some creamy sauce.The part I did like, was the mini bites of desserts. So smart to have them bite-sized so you don't waste it. The carrot cake and key lime pie were good.
2	best part of their buffet would be fruit and salad. dessert sucks. the food selections was just  eh..  for the amount i'm paying and what i'm getting, i rather pay more and eat somewhere else like Paris. OR  pay a lot less and just eat at a crappier buffet..or even spend $5.99 for steak and eggs.
2	Definitely not worth the price. Selection was poor. Attitude of the staff was not very friendly. I stood in line waiting to pay. When I was next, I waited to be beckoned over by the cashier. After 2 minutes of waiting for the girl to call me over, I went to her and she told me she was closed. What was that?? I had to go to the end of the next line. I argued and complained of course. Also, the staff has an attitude when bringing out food to a new station. YOU CAN'T TOUCH IT!! Oh yea, then why bring the food out?!!  Do yourself a favor, go get a $1 Big Bite from AM/PM. It will be comparable to this place. With so many other nice restaurants at this property, it is confusing why this "Grand" buffet, which is several notches below your local Hometown Buffet, is there.
5	My friends and I were starving so we were passing by the MGM so we walked inside. We ran into the Grand Buffet. At first I was iffy but then it was OK. But after I had my first plate I saw the line for the new york steak and that was great. Then I had a few king crab legs and dipped it in butter. The desserts weren't bad at all. The mini cheesecakes, lime tart, and tiramisu was all good. It was a great buffet definitely worth it for 30 bucks.
3	This buffet is ok.  We had comped buffets the whole week we were there and so we got to see that every day is the same stuff which is a little disappointing considering many people staying here may eat it multiple times.  You learn pretty quickly what the hits and misses are.  My personal preferences were the NY Strip cooked to order, the carvery meats (lamb, turkey, ham, prime rib), and the crab legs.  I would say breakfast/brunch is best meal served in terms of quality.
2	Not a buffet that I'd recommend in Vegas!The lay out and design is poor. I know that doesn't seem important, but it is. When you have people going in a million different directions with plates piled high, small children darting all around and very little space to move in - It's a disaster waiting to happen! The actual counter space is pretty expansive, but they only use half of it and cram it all together. This is what creates the CLUSTER! The offerings on the buffet are fairly dull. Not a lot of flavor to any of the dishes. The only items worth checking out are shrimp & crab legs. The crab legs are sliced right down the middle which makes easy retrieval of the meat without little effort - perfect! The seafood is only offered at certain times of the day so make sure you've timed it right before throwing down the cash.
2	a very disappointing buffet in such a nice casino hotel.  Even though they comp'd me for all day buffet, i ate here once and that was it.....nothing really special, the desert bar is small, salad bar small ...and the hot foods were dry and not tasty at all.  I ended up making a salad, ate some fruit, had a glass of orange juice and left very unsatisfied
2	Got a comped lunch buffet from the Poker room.  I had to wait a good 20 minutes and it was around 2pm.Yuck! I couldn't find any hot food that looked good enough to eat.  I did try some cheesebread that was OK. The desserts, and free soda is all that I had.  There was creme brule, and some pudding dishes.. not bad, but not worth paying full pop for this.Look before you go.  Keep in mind everything is lowest possible quality. MGM is cutting corners where ever.   If you don't care about food quality, there was a promo for $30 all you can eat, all day long.  So you can go to breakfast, lunch AND dinner, and chow down until you pass out.   Nice was to keep people on the property.  You'd have to eat breakfast or lunch AND dinner to make it worthwhile.  Breakfast and lunch combined is about the same price as the deal.
2	Ugh my friends and I were disappointed this time around :(  We had all been here together before and figured it was going to be the same the second time around, but it wasn't.  The wait was really short, but when we got in we couldn't figure out why we had to wait at all as the dining room was near empty at about 6PM on a Saturday.  Isn't that dinner time?  The ambiance was really weird and the air conditioning was stale and did not seem like it was turned up high enough.  I sampled the spinach gnocchi, cheese polenta, cheese ravioli, curried sea bass as well as the vegetarian pizza, and a variety of deserts and must admit that the best part of the meal according to my taste buds was the desert and even that was mediocre.  Sorry, but if I spend $32.99 after tax I expect some outstanding food and this was not outstanding.  Sorry MGM Grand Buffet I will not be back.
4	Came here for breakfast on a Saturday (only waited about 5 minutes).  The price was right ($15 bucks) and there was plenty to choose from.  To be honest, nothing about the food selection stands out, it was just your typical breakfast items, but again, at $15 bucks, I was a happy camper!
5	This is my favorite buffet in Las Vegas! I went for dinner on my 21st birthday a few years back. The food was all really good. They served both steamed and chilled king crab legs, the soups were delicious, and the desserts were wonderful!
3	I've stayed at the MGM many times in the past, but have never been to the buffet there. I only tried it because they advertised an all day buffet, breakfast, lunch and dinner, for a single price of $29.95. I had a feeling there would be some kind of a catch, and of course, there was.  I tried the buffet at dinner and after paying $29.95, asked if that included breakfast and lunch the next day. The answer was "no", that special is only if you start early in the day for breakfast, you can get lunch and dinner included that same day.  As for the food, it was OK. If you are into desserts, you might like this buffet.  Although I didn't try any of the desserts, they had an excellent selection of various cakes, puddings, cookies and ice cream. It sure looked good.
3	I could see why there are so many bad reviews about the Grand Buffett. To be quite frank, I think it wasn't so bad. Granted I got 3 free meals a day at the Buffett as part of a stay package, I think the food was pretty good. However, it paled in comparison to the Wynn Buffett. I think they had the same stuff for two days in a row, which made me a little annoyed. I was hoping that they'd at least rotate dishes throughout the week or something... I noticed the prices werent as high as The Wynn, but they it seemed overpriced for what it actually was. I enjoyed the food; however, I cannot see myself giving more than 3 stars.
3	Ehhh... out of all the buffets ive had in vegas this one is probably my least favorite. The food is decent but the actual space could use a little refresher. Also i think i paid 30 bucks for dinner and it wasnt nearly as good as the Rio which was only about 23 bucks. Its ok though, it will definitely do the trick.
3	My husband would like to give it two stars, I'm closer to two and a half. We decided to partake of the all-day buffet price of $30 during the week since we were staying at the MGM. It was a good option for us because we wanted to stay at the pool that day. However, it seems hard to fit three meals into the day unless you get up before 9 AM. The breakfast closes at 11 and lunch closes at 2:30, I think. We wanted to have some breakfast since we'd been skipping it all week we were in town. The crepe lines were long and people were fairly pushy. It made you question the whole buffet thing. I mean people, there is enough to go around! In general, I would say that the food here is edible if you choose carefully, but there is nothing with perhaps the exception of dessert which is truly good. It's all bland and doing the all-day buffet makes you feel a bit queasy by the end of the day. The best bits were the fresh melon, the mini-desserts at the dinner buffet which were tasty and even artistic with white chocolate shavings and other details. They were stingy with the crab and shrimp which was annoying. You have to ask and it is given reluctantly. All in all, only go here if it saves you money and you happen to be staying here. We tried to spend about $80 a day on food and this buffet enabled us to stick to it for at least one = )
2	Only ate here because we stayed at the hotel and were hungry!  The $30 all day buffet is pretty cool.  We only had lunch though.  The food was mediocre.  Nothing special.  I would go somewhere else for the price.
3	After our ordeal at Diego's the night before, we wanted something that was fast, easy, and had vegetarian options. For $32 per person, the Grand Buffet pretty much got the job done. Do's: crab legs with butter, sugar-free cheesecake, ceviche with guacamole, fried shrimp, fruit tartDon'ts: Spicy tofu
4	WOW....the ratings are pretty low here. Okay, I gave 4 stars because the food was good! And they refilled our orange sodas every time! never an empty cup :D I think we enjoyed it so much was because I won all my friends dinner from playing roulette at the Tropicana LOL There was tons of selection and food i actually enjoy eating (and I love to eat). I've been to a lot of buffets in Vegas, and this is one of my favorites!
3	Went for brunch with 3 other friends and it was pretty good. It's not the best buffet on the strip, but it'll do. We were able to upgrade our brunch to include mimosas for an extra $2.50. That's not too shabby.The selection was great, but the quality in some of the dishes was a bit lacking. For example, the mashed potatoes and the scrambled eggs from the breakfast area tasted institutional and the pizza was straight from the local school cafeteria. It was pretty hit-or-miss with the selections having good taste, but it was adequate. The service was very good though and thus I gave 3 stars instead of 2.
5	OMG i'm in love :) this place is so awesome. We went becasue they have this special going on where you pay $30 for all day and becasue it was close to our hotel. Its 3 meals at $10 a piece so not too bad for las vegas. Our waitress there was one of the best waitresses we've had. The desserts here are really really good. They have a little bit of everything. We didn't have to wait in line for anything so that was a big plus. I fell in love with their guacamole and their chocolate mousse. Yummy! I will so be back to this place.
3	Not bad. Better than most buffets.
2	I am not a food snob and I love me some buffets.  I have been eating at the MGM for many years, but this will probably be my last visit.  The reason why is because the quality has gone down and down.  They have taken out some of my favorite stations including meat kabobs and mashed potato bar.  There is no more vegetable lasagna.  No more mac and cheese. No more coconut shrimp. The desserts are tasteless.  But the biggest reason why I pay top dollar for buffets are the crab legs.  Well MGM no longer has hot crab legs and YOU CAN'T GET YOUR OWN CRAB LEGS!  An attendant doles out the crab legs like a soup line during the depression. I had to practically beg for extra because I did not want to wait in line again to get more.  Very disappointing. On the plus the service is always top notch.  There was not a long line when we went.  The prime rib was tender, the Mongolian beef was excellent, the Italian soup was tasty, the fruit was fresh, and the garlic mashed potatoes were good.
3	Like my friend Lubs wrote, this place has a good variety of food, but it was all pretty mediocre!  And expensive for $30 dinner, I thought.  The crab was pretty good, and so was the clam chowder.  They have a good selection of desserts, but stay away from the tiramisu... it was watery!
2	1980's decor meets Hometown Buffet. If you are doing the obligatory Buffet, choose another. The crab legs were okay, nothing special. The rest of the food was also okay too. $51.25 for two people with no comps. Cocktails are expensive!!!
3	Overall, pretty mediocre. I enjoyed the breakfast and it's a cheap alternative and a great way to fill up for a long day of sight-seeing (or gambling!) However, the lunch and dinner left me wanting more.
2	I was surprised that a place that touts the word "Grand" for their buffet could present such a dismal display of food. I am glad I opted out the eat all day offering, lest I would have lost money, because I wouldn't have wanted to go back. I went for the lunch buffet, the food was cold, the only thing hot was the chinese food. MGM prices for less than Hometown buffet cuisine. It's not the best and needs a makeover. The dessert offerings were amusing at most.
2	Nothing Grand about this buffet.  While serviceable, there are definitely better meals to be had in LV, buffets included.Like other LV buffets, MGM Grand Buffet has a wide variety of food to offer: crab legs, prime rib, turkey, ribs, shrimp, pasta, pizza, sushi, so on and so forth.  The prime rib was pretty good but, unfortunately, none of the remaining offerings were particularly special at Grand Buffet.  The crab legs are not as good as Bellagio's or Wynn's.  in fact, I'm not sure if this is a  sign of quality or what, but the crab legs at MGM didn't  pull cleanly out of the shells as they do at the aforementioned Bellagio or Wynn buffets.   I found myself spending too much time trying to pull the meat out of the shells, despite the fact that they are already split cleanly in half. The remainder of what I tried was ok, but nothing special at all.I go to a LV buffet intent on eating back any money I've gambled away, so I have higher expectations than this.  Like some other casinos, MGM Grand Buffet currently offers a buffet all day long.  For $30 ($40 on weekends) you can have mediocre buffet for breakfast, lunch and dinner instead of just one meal.  Need to step it up MGM!
3	The food is good here, prime rib was awesome.  $23 for dinner is an average deal for a buffet.  I say if you're going to eat at a buffet, especially in Vegas, you could do better on price if not on food.
2	We went for a Friday lunch.  It was just average.  Nothing specacular about it.  Taco bar, some asian selections, pizza, instant mashed potatoes, salads.  The desserts were the best part.  I guess at $10 though, you get what you pay for!
2	Let me start by saying that I did not have to pay for food at this buffet.  My hotel package included daily access, so this will give you some further perspective into my review.Food:I found the food to be monotonous and bland.   The exception is the Prime Rib and the fresh crab legs.  Everything else was below average.  I did not pay for the food, and I was STILL disappointed.  With taxes included, dinner for two would run you about $55.  The food is definitely not worth the price.Service:I found the service to be mediocre as well.  They line you by party size in one of 5 lines.  From far off, it is reminiscent of a cattle-line.  Apart from this, all the other patrons are hungry as hell and rude; due in part to the size of the lines and long wait times.  Cursing, cutting, and bumping seemed to be commonplace here.  I have received better service (and food) at Golden Corral.  In short, this place had no class at all.  You will certainly leave with the B-G's (Bubble Guts).
2	For one of the largest hotels on the Strip, I expected a lot better from this place in terms of quality and service. Anyone who would give this place 4 or 5 stars obviously does not get out much.Check out the buffet at Mirage. That place is money well spent.
2	My last memories of the MGM Buffet was maybe 2 or 3 years ago before they started doing this "all-day buffet" thing. I love the concept of paying a flat rate of $33.60 (more on the weekends) and getting 3 turns at the buffet from Breakfast, Lunch to Dinner. They hand you this card where they will punch a hole in everytime you eat. Kind of like your high school lunch card. I came here for breakfast, and there was nothing breakfast wise that really impressed me. I would say the best item during breakfast was having roast beef with au jus which is really a lunch or dinner item. Lunch time, they expanded the trays a bit. I remember them used to have some type of fish or salmon.  They had shrimp in the open bar, but nothing spectacular. The high light item was the desert plate of tiramasu. Still this is not as good as the buffet at the Paris. Lastly at dinner, the gf found the california rolls to be a high light and I m not much of a sushi fan. So I got stuck with roast beef au jux again for dinner. Overall I wasn't impressed and I notice that the quality has degraded since the old days of MGM. If you want great buffet food go elsewhere. If you want a good bang for your buck, then come here. If you are getting a special with MGM where you get 2 for 1 buffet, then definitely take advantage of it. Otherwise, there are plenty of better buffet options out there.
2	I stopped by MGM while I was on a business trip. The fee was very expensive for the food. The food was overall very salty and a lot of the food was dry as if its been from the previous day. Anything I thought was edible was word itself, edible. Dinner for two was 80+tax, with that I would recommend going to Hilton Buffet and using the rest for couple of games of hold'em.
2	Ehh...this buffet is just, a buffet. No shocker here. One star for the food and I'm giving this place an extra star because our waitress was pretty nice and attentive. The bf and I woke up just in time to run downstairs and make the breakfast cut-off. The breakfast food was okay, I've had better. And I was quite dissapointed that there weren't any pancakes. Oh, and they are serious about their switchover from breakfast to lunch, it was if they were executing a battle plan!! So the bf and I went back up for lunch items...yeah, not so good. The bf tried the sushi, as he put it "typical buffet sushi, ehh". I had some manicotti that was kinda gross and a little bit of baked pasta that was alright. I was very disappointed that the salad bar only had iceberg lettuce, come on, can't a girl get some mixed greens?!?! Overall, I just think you could walk a couple of blocks and eat a better buffet.
4	The Grand Buffet is even grander, now that you can eat all you can eat 3 times: Breakfast, Lunch, and Dinner for 1 flat daily rate, around $33.  This is one the latest trends in Las Vegas these days, to entice you to stay around, and perhaps, play some more games in the Casino.  How crafty of them.  I, however, did not play any games, but I did eat, and eat, and eat, all I could eat, 3 times.  My stomach was a bit stretched from that day, I suspect.  Anyway, the food: Not everything was a hit, but most items were good if not very good.     You just have to keep on eating, and waste the food you don't like.  This is the one place where I don't care about wasting.  It's sin city, built on over indulgence and waste.  What a glutton I was.The highlights for meSkewered Steak 5 starsPork with corn pudding - 5 starsCrab legs - 4  starsSweet and Spicy (chili pepper) Roasted Chicken - 4 starsChicken Caccitore - 1 star, overcooked, bad sauceYellow Tomato soup - 4 starsCalifornia Rolls - 3 starsSalad - 3 1/2 starsLasagna - 3 starsManicotti - 2 starsWaffles and Syrup - 4 starsScrambled eggs 3 starsDesserts - 4 starsFruit - 4 starsBeverages - 4 starsService - 3 starsAtmosphere 3 starsOverall, I would give 3 1/2 stars, but I'll give it 4 stars, because there is so much variety.  It's also a good value, as long as you don't play any games, unless you happen to get lucky, of course.
3	ill keep this short:Endless Mimosas. a $2.50 add on. Amazingg.
4	Breakfast buffet ends at 11, and we got there at about 11:05, so I can only comment on lunch.Quite varied, from some chinese food to pizza to lasanga to suishi to soup and salad and more.As usual, each dish was a bit of a hit or miss, the pizza was very good as was the leftover waffles from breakfast, but the fried chicken i ate with the waffles left a bit to be desired.I was pretty happy for my $17 or whatever.  (includes non-alcoholic drinks, which was pretty sweet)
3	I tried the lunch buffet here a few weeks ago, and the food was pretty good.  We discovered the buffet on our last day in Vegas, after some horrible Studio Cafe experiences.  The flat daily rate seems like an excellent deal when you consider what you pay for food in Vegas.  The seating area was freezing for some reason, but our waitress was great.  She noticed that we were shivering and suggested coffee/tea, and she kept them refilled.
3	Not so great. Over rated. Food tastes ok, nothing great. Also, some of the stations were closed, so we had less choices to pick from. Only liked the Italian station. We went on Sat brunch, but still not much variety to choose from. Not worth the money... I would rather go to Paris "The Village Buffet"
4	This place is amazing; the people who say and rate otherwise are just too nitpicky. I used to eat here whenever we were in Vegas with my family. Only drawback is the price (which is very costly, though it is a buffet), and the (usually) long wait to get into the buffet. They have everything though, and lots of seating as well. Whether you're looking for salad, American food, Mexican food, fruit, dessert, meats, seafood, etc. they've got it! I get hungry just thinking about it.
3	This buffet is pretty good. There was a wait to get in but I made my party wait in line and I ducked out and played some nearby slot machines and won $15.00. We came at the end of breakfast and the beginning of lunch so we got to try both at the breakfast price :o) They have really good breakfast foods...I actually preferred the breakfast food to the lunch food. I think it's harder to screw up breakfast. The waitress was really prompt and kept our glasses filled up. As with all buffets there are a lot of people so sometimes you have to navigate through that and that can be annoying. I will be back here again the next time I stay at the MGM Grand.  I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here because there are just so many buffets at every hotel.
4	CRAB SALAD! That's what I could have made a meal out of at this beautiful buffet. Nice atmosphere, quality carving station, good choice of foods, nice people, good price for the lunch buffet, $17.99. One of the best buffets on the South Strip; the surrounding buffets are all lacking. Go to the MGM at Strip and Tropicana..... mmmm.... that crab salad!! :P
2	I've been to some excellent buffets in Vegas, and this was not one of them. We went for breakfast, and for spending $50 for the two of us, we didn't get near as much or as good of food as I expected. They offered drinks, but they weren't included in the price (not even mimosas). The food wasn't that great, and I expected to get a lot of seafood because of the pictures outside, but besides some sushi and salmon, that wasn't the case. I recommend the Luxor's buffet instead.
2	The food was decent, but one gets the feeling of eating at the dorm cafeteria in college. The people were nice though. I just wish they had more of a difference between lunch and dinner. Almost everything was the same.The desserts were pretty but most of them failed to make an impression.
2	Halloween VEGAS REVIEW - part 1need..... food........... where????Where does on eat when they don't want to leave the Signature Towers... they are staying at yet still want options? Why the MGM Grand Buffet... erm, of course. Unfortunately the buffet is at the other end of the casino. And if you thought the walk from MGM rooms to the pool was long, walking to the buffet is even longer. Hell, you could probably work up an appetite going here. Imagine if you didn't know your way and was looking for it. That could take days. We didn't know where it was. And by the time we got there, the food was ready and waiting and edible. After a long weekend of.... stuff... edible is doable. TWSS! lmao As with everything else in the Vegas.. the digs are either alright to lavishly decadent.... this place was alright. Staff was cool. And as for the eats....Lets see, I had for $25 - eggsbaconfilled tater tot thingbacondeep fried shrimptoastomelettebaconjuicecoffeewaterbacon and bacon to go with my baconand yes, you can have too much bacon*bleh
2	I did not think this buffet was anything special, in fact, I thought it was borderline gross.  The MGM itself, except for the pool, is kind of ghetto and I'd rather point you in the direction of the Bellagio or the Wynn buffets - they are all comparatively the same price, so why not?  My waitress was nice, and the lady who took my cash was a doll, plus I didn't get explosive diarrhea after eatiing here, so it wasn't a total loss.
3	This was the very First buffet I ever went to in Vegas. and back then it was Great!!!! now as time has passed I hate to say it they have slipped in the ranking. Dont get me wrong the food is still good but not what it once was. The prices though have staied high but the food is not up to par anymore. Even the  Roundtable Buffet is a little bettter now.
2	I can only review breakfast which I had two days the other options at the MGM actually cost more.   It was just ok,  the choices were few and non discript. I really liked the egg station  and  the wait staff were fast and friendly both days.  Coffee and Juice were included which was nice.  I guess I remember the good old days of Vegas when the Buffets were inexpensive and loaded with great food.
2	This was not at all a good example of lavish Vegas buffets. Even if you're staying at the MGM Grand, I'd go elsewhere for a brunch on the Strip. At least it's not expensive, but having breakfast and lunch here felt far too much like being at a regular old restaurant somewhere in the midwest. (Which I would totally do in the midwest... it's just not what I flew to Vegas to eat!)The food itself was okay, but there was nothing unusual, and a pretty paltry selection overall. I'm glad I ate here at the beginning of my stay so that I could be gradually more impressed as the weekend went on.
4	This buffet was actually pretty good. We came here around dinner time. Price was 33 per person. They had sushi, chinesee food, american, soup and salad.  I love there desert bar. They had these chocolate mousse served in shot glasses..I had 3 of them. :)
5	I recently got married (as in a few days ago) and I had my reception here. The staff who helped me over the phone in reservations were very helpful and answered my emails quickly. But I was still worried I wouldnt be able to decorate my tables like I had planned.Day of the wedding, my Maid of Honor and the Best Lady didnt have any problems getting in to decorate our tables. The reception went WONDERFUL. The staff was kind and helpful, our server was very thoughtful and brought out some snowflake napkins they had to match our theme. The manager/shift leader (I'm sorry I dont remember what he was) was really really sweet and checked up on us every so often. Everything went smooth and perfect. Not to mention the cake was DELICIOUS!!!! I also didnt realize this until the Best Lady said something after dinner but I reserved for an area and they literally closed that whole area off for us, it was really nice of them!The food itself wasnt what I remembered. They only served chilled crab legs (last time I went was for Easter a few years back, maybe that's why they had more that day) which were good but I wanted warm crab legs too! Their Chicken Parm was DELICIOUS. I also heard the tacos were delicious. I didnt get a chance to try much food but the things I did have were really really good. Their desserts werent as many as I remembered. But I'm glad they had a few sugar free options for my guests who couldnt eat sugar.Overall, I would definitely recommend this place.
2	Well, the economy must be doing somewhat better because they are no longer offering the $40 all-day buffet pass.  Instead, you'll end up paying the $20/person for lunch that my group did.  This buffet has gone downhill from what it used to be.  If you, too, are looking for the lavish selection that "Las Vegas buffets" brings to my mind, go to another hotel's buffet.The best item was the fried shrimp. Prime rib was okay. And desserts, although they had a pretty good selection, tasted cheap.  Most of the bite-size portions were 90% whipped cream and 10% cake. Not worth my $20...It's okay though, I'll just go win back my lunch monies on the roulette table.
3	I've had worse. This place really isn't that bad. Although their food is average at best, they do have a pretty big variety. Last time we arrived during the last half hour of breakfast and managed to get both breakfast and lunch, so it was a pretty good deal for about $14 or whatever it was. Mind you, its not one of those places you eat for every meal during your entire stay (some people have special promotional vouchers that come with hotel stays), but it's one of those places you should try at least once before you write it off because of some bad reviews.
2	We did the MGM buffet for breakfast.  This buffet was was overpriced at $14.99 for what we ate, and it wasn't that good.I got some ham and was sawing on it with my knife like it was a steak.  Yuk.  The bacon was also undercooked and soft.  Another yuk.The fruit selection was pretty good, and tasty.  The pineapple and cantaloupe were sweet and juicy.  There were also whole apples and bananas.  The orange juice did taste sweet and fresh-squeezed.  The coffee was WEAK!  It looked like tea, and tasted like crap.The pancakes and waffles were obviously frozen.  They were doable, but tasted like the eggos I pull out of the freezer through the week before going to work.  The other downside was that the syrup wasn't in an area that kept it warm.  Each table had a cold bottle of Log Cabin on the table.  Cheap.The waitress only came by once to take our drink order.  She was MIA for the rest of breakfast.  Some of the other wait staff did eventually take our used plates that were piling up at the end of the table.If this buffet was $7.99, I would have been OK with what we got.  Since we paid almost twice as much, I was expecting more.We won't bother to go back to this buffet.  There are so many other good options in Vegas!
2	I gave the MGM Grand Hotel 4 stars in my review for them. Too bad their buffet wasn't on the same par. If Charles Barkley ate here, he probably would have said that the food was "turrable...absolutely turrable!" I understand that food (and just about everything else) in Vegas is overpriced, but if I'm gonna pay $20 for a lunch buffet, I would expect better. I did like the fresh fruit they had, but everything else was just...meh. I don't consider myself as someone who's hard to please, but damn, they've got to step their game up here.
1	I remember this buffet from 4 years ago, when it was excellent.  In a pinch, we took some friends to the MGM buffet, WITHOUT CHECKING YELP FIRST -- dumb dumb dumb dumb.I was embarrassed at what we found at the $27/person MGM Friday dinner buffet.  The "sushi" on offer consisted of one old-looking platter of krab-salad rolls and one platter of old-looking krab-california rolls.  Their use of krab (pollock) product in these rolls was puzzling because right next door was a huge tray of cold crab legs.  (these legs were fine).One entire row (of 4) consisted of salad and fruit (yay for healthy choices, but this can all be obtained from a grocery store and was clearly offered as a "space filler").  I walked in HUNGRY but the buffet was so visually unappealing that I only half-filled a plate with this and that and was disappointed to find the taste matched the lackluster appearance of each offering.  I'm sure the fruit was great, but that's more of a snack item for me.After 3 unsuccessful sorties of trying this and that (potato halves with little pasta balls, a fish dish, a beef rib with over-salty gravy, some rock hard rolls, noodles) (none recommended), I resorted to eating some old-looking (and old-tasting) potstickers and some nasty orange-glazed chicken.  My request of the server for some chili sauce?  Denied: "we only have the 4 sauces you see on your table."  (had to catch her in the bussing station to bother her with this request since she was generally not seen during our visit)Oh, and while we're on service, it matched the overall experience.  Perhaps we just got a bad attendant, but really, her only job is to keep drinks full and plates cleared.  No-Can-Do & No-Can-Do.My low opinion of the food was verified by my buddy.  Though he politely pretended the food was fine, I could see that he was not finishing many of the items he chose for his plate.  This coming from a guy who is known to eat PLAIN, COLD, PASTA for lunch.  The man has no taste buds and he wouldn't even eat this crap.Dessert: not good, most selections went unfinished at our table.  The COFFEE, however deserves mention: excellent.Last rant: who are these other people eating here?  Looks like some free coupons were given out so MGM would have a lower trash bill from tossing all this food into a dumpster.  Think trying-to-be-classy www.peopleofwalmart.com meets strip buffet.  Total and unmitigated thumbs down.  Good lesson to always check yelp.com first, because all these other reviews say basically the same thing.
2	Disappointed.  There were a few signature items that are rare at an every day buffet (crab legs) but the quality of the food was not the greatest.    On Sunday went to the Wynn for the Sunday Brunch and was blown out of the water.  The price was about 40% more but worth 1000%.
1	Gross Sunday BrunchWasted money and just degrading for a buffet in Vegas.Never again.  Even the desserts sucked.Wish I had checked reviews before eating here =(
1	Never again.Worst breakfast buffet I might have had, ever. Food is edible. Denny's style edible. And 15 bucks for something I can pay 5 for at Denny's.Tried whatever they had out and everything was boring, bland. Nothing to write about. Our server however was such a sweet lady. She kept our drinks filled, asked us if we wanted coffee at the end of the meal and genuinely caring-she belongs somewhere else.
1	This is without a shadow of a doubt the worst dining experience I have ever had. Since the MGM grand is such a nice hotel, I expected the buffet to be equally nice. That was a huge mistake! I arrived in Vegas last friday, absolutely starving might I add, and headed straigt for the buffet. The quality and selection of food was ridiculously poor. I had two plates of hummus with rock hard pita bread and was done. Nothing was remotely appealing, other than the exit. I complained to the manager who agreed to credit the price of the buffet to my room. This never happened. Another manager then agreed to take care of it, but has failed to do so. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, right?  Well  this buffet is SO BAD that I'm breaking the rules. Do youself a huge favor by hiking a few blocks down to the Bellagio or the Wynn. For $5 more you can feast like a king!!
3	I'm giving it a three-star because the prime rib was excellent and I love prime rib.  The spread was great, but not everything tasted so great.I ate a lot of crab legs and shrimp to get my $$'s worth even though they weren't that good tasting.  The sushi looked as if it had been sitting there for a couple of days, but other than that everything looked appetizing.  Salad bar gets an A, Mexican bar gets a C+,  Meats section gets an A-, and dessert section gets a B.  I went for dinner and it was $25.90.  If you're in the area go ahead, otherwise plan ahead, spend a little more money and most likely leave happier.On the plus side, no stomach aches or ill effects afterwards =)
4	We ate here for breakfast. This was much better than any of the buffets I tried; however not better than some of the others on the strip. My preference would be the buffet in Paris casino. There is nothing wrong with the one at MGM Grand though....
2	As strip buffets go this one is extremely overpriced and very underwhelming. Some of the food for dinner is decent, but it doesn't even rise to the quality of some of the lower end Station Casino properties and offers a surprisingly small selection with part of the serving area permanently closed.Desserts here are OK, a slight notch above the rest of the meal.Edible, but simply not worth the money.
3	An important part of a Las Vegas trip is eating at a buffet. You're exhausted from the night before, dehydrated from not enough water and too much alcohol, and already given into gluttony, so what do you have to lose? Well, your standards and possibly your dignity if you choose the wrong buffet. I have had the good and the bad, and I would say MGM is neither. It's just okay. On a saturday morning just before noon, I was starving. So starving, that by the time we finally sat down to eat I literally grabbed a plate from the closest food station and filled up a plate with things I couldn't even pronounce. I actually found it quite tasty, so I was curious about what other delicious things were out there. Well, that's where the okay part of it all comes into play. Everything else was just okay. For $25 though, I like a little better than okay. I go to Silverton for $17 and it's AMAZING, so I wasn't impressed by the price.I was, however, impressed with the pay here kiosks! Instead of waiting in line for eternity you just walk up to the kiosk, get your receipt, and get seated. Done. Simple. I appreciate that. I would eat here again if it was very convenient or I was starving and couldn't wait, but I don't think I would really plan to eat here.
2	"Meh. I've experienced better"- is right!I went twice for breakfast due to convience.  However, I don't advise anyone to go here unless they are staying at MGM like I was, with money to blow like I had  :^)
2	Boy do I love buffets. I love trying all types of food I would not normally try or make for myself. I love going up for plate after plate. I love mixing breakfast and lunch and dinner and dessert all in one sitting. The problem I had with the Grand Buffet was that I didn't find anything too exciting the first two rounds. The omelet line was way too long for a buffet. I'm not going to fill up on salad bar that wasn't even that exciting. The sushi - you can pass. No brainer that it's made beforehand since it's on platters. Salads and salad bar - nothing too exciting there. Meat - the Chili BBQ chicken was good, mainly drumsticks and wings. The fried shrimp was good, the cooked shrimp was a little on the small side and slimy. Dessert - I liked that most were in tiny little cups so I took a fair sampling. Had a bite or two of each but didn't find any that I wanted to devour. The chocolate dipped Rice Krispie Treats were a nice surprise but the chocolate was waaaayy too sweet. And you'll rarely hear my disparaging chocolate. It also costs $2.50 extra per person for the bottomless mimosas. They are premixed. The iced tea is not brewed, it's fountain. Yuck. Next time try the Spice Market buffet in Planet Hollywood (even though this one has gone down hill since it's no longer the Aladdin) or the Bellagio even though more pricey.
2	This place is just average when it comes too buffets, nothing really stands out. A decent quality meal at a little too high of a price.
2	Ehh. I'm not sure how I felt about this buffet. For the price I expected better. The pizza was pretty good, the prime rib was delicious, however everything else on the menu was on par with any other buffet I've ever been to.The desserts were pretty, but nothing spectacular in regards to taste.
2	It boggles my mind that MGM Grand can have such a rip off of a buffet and get away with it.  I guess having a giant casino and a lot of hungry clients walking out of Ka or just lots of gambling will do it.It's not that the food is terrible; it's actually fairly decent, and there is a very large selection.  My concern here is why I'm spending $33 for corn dogs, fried chicken, and a do-it-yourself burrito section with dry beef and greasy beans.  You could get those items in a $10 lunch buffet these days.That being said, it's not like they're completely devoid of decent food.  The day I went, there was a section where a chef will cut you a new york steak or a prime rib.  There was another section for king crab.  The issue here is that those items aren't anything special these days; The Mirage offers those as well for around $25.  Even worse is that the chefs were quite stingy with their meat, cutting me a small piece and telling me to come back later (presumably after stuffing myself with microwavable corn dog bites).It seems to me that compared to more economical but quality buffets like the one at The Mirage, you're paying about $10 more for a larger selection at MGM Grand Buffet.  But the "selection" we're talking about here is crap you could get from Hometown Buffet... hardly something I'd want to waste my time waiting in line for in Las Vegas.Bottomline: If you're going to spend over thirty bucks for a buffet, go to the Bellagio or Wynn instead.  If you really must eat in MGM, go to one of their restaurants or even their food court with McDonald's.  Avoid the buffet.
2	Eat the Tabouli. That's about I'll I can say about this buffet. Everything else is service-grade food...not terrible, but essentially generic. The pizza tasted of Chef Boyardee sauce. The tex-mex section looked good, but was really bland. The deserts were decent. Not worth the entry fee unless you got a discount or planned on spending the day there.
2	I must say... this place has gotten worse since the last time I went there... There weren't that many choices...and the choices they had weren't all that tasty...The best thing was the bread pudding.... Not worth the price either... $60 for 2 people..... I should have known since the place was empty... no lines or anything...
1	Why does the second largest hotel in the world have one of the worst buffets? I dunno cause pretty much every other buffet is better. Grand buffet is definately the low man on the totem pole. In the south strip area, hit up Mandalay bay's buffet, Paris' buffet, or Planet hollywood's.
2	Came here on a Tuesday after I arrived for work with a few coworkers.  No lines, which was nice, so we were seated right away.On that night, they had their standard items, and many stations actually were closed which was disappointing.  They have your usual: carving station, salad bar, seafood, cold dishes, Asian, Italian, Mexican etc.  The carving station had prime rib, roasted turkey, and Polish sausage, which wasn't bad since all were done fairly well.  The gravy and the au jus needed a bit more work since they were somewhat bland.  As for the seafood selection, crab legs were there and cracked in half for you so that's always a plus.  Few fish items prepared Indian and Italian.  It was good but I wish they had a legit sushi selection rather than just... California roll.My favorite thing ended up being the pot stickers they had since they were done fairly well.  As for all their other hot foods, everything was... average.  Fried chicken's seasoning was whatever, and the taco station had ground beef that looked like it came from Taco Bell.  Salad bar was lacking as well.  The funniest thing was that they had hummus but no pita bread or pita chips to eat it with.  I know some people like hummus by itself but if they truly spent the time in preparing the buffet, they would've at least thought of that!The buffet with tax ended up being $28 exactly which is a bit pricey for the offerings.  Thank goodness I didn't have to pay weekend price for this place or else I would've bumped off another star!  Only came here cause I stayed at MGM, so I probably wouldn't come here the next time around.  Definitely pay a little extra and go to the Wynn!
2	I went here for lunch with my wife. Everything is grand about the place except for the food. The food was lackluster and was common like any other cheaper vegas buffet. I feel that you are just paying for the scenery and dining experience. I would go somewhere else for the money.
3	You get what you pay for.This place has average prices for a buffet on the strip and so you will get an average buffet. Yes, there are a lot of options, but this place is definitely quantity over quality. Good: Lots of food options at this buffet.Bad: The quality of the food can can be better.Final: This is not my first recommendation for a buffet but if you're in the vicinity, why not?
3	The MGM Grand Buffet is not the best buffet I've been to, but there are a few good items here. The King Crab legs are medium sized and are really easy to pull the meat away. With the drawn butter, I easily ate 3 plates of crab meat. The Prime Rib was also good for a buffet, but make sure you get a medium rare piece. The salad options were good and I thought the veggie pizza was tasty.Service is great, the servers refilled my drink and took away dirty plates in a timely manner. They also have a chef grilling steaks and ribs to order, but they were both on the bland side. The dessert bar is plentiful, but not nearly as high of a caliber as Aria's Dessert Buffet. For a $28 Dinner Buffet, I'd eat here again only if I had free dining credit.
4	O man, where do i start?I would give this a 4.5 stars. we came here on thanksgiving day with my family. We were the only group of 6 and we got in right away. Other people were waiting in line for 30 to 40 minutes. SUCKERS!! They have a the biggest selection and choices i've ever seen in my life. They had a huge seafood selection which i like then they turkey for thankgiving. They had roast beef, ribs, sushi and Chinese food. The prices are pricey it was like $25 bucks for dinner but it was worth it because the food was  very delicious. This was probably the best buffett i've ever had.The only letdown is the bathroom is outside the buffett.
4	All yall trippin! Maybe this buffet has gone down the hole in the last two years but when I came to this buffet for lunch right after my plane landed during my 21st birthday wkend, I enjoyed everything I ate. I wasn't staying here just stopped by. Because it was lunch maybe that's why my review is better then all you crazy people who've rated this buffet below. lol Naw jk jk but newho, lunch was yummy and I had a drink or two while I was dining there and the servers were nice and quick. I would had loved to go here for dinner since I see they have crab kings and prime rib (my two favs) but didn't make it.Im staying here  for July 4th wkend (2 wks whoop whoop!) so Ill try this buffet again...idk if for dinner though because we want to go to the buffet at Rio so I can get my seafood fix lol but maybe we'll go for lunch one day while we are there during the wkend...preferably the day we land. But once I try this place again, Ill review it :) TTFN. :)
1	Tried the buffet 6/19/2010 at at 2 p.m. Sunday brunch price about $27.99 per person plus tip.First do not tip before you have your service, my server thanked us for the tip got us drinks and never came back.Brunch did not have much in the way of selection.  The produce was under a light, not sure if its a heat lamp but it should have been on ice.  Produce was warm.Roast beef in lieu of Prime Rib being served.Portions are paper thin, small than lunch meat, which helped to keep the roast beef extra dry.Pasta was without flavour.Person cutting the roast beef was visibly ill, no supervision at the buffet to notice the missing food, or ill server.Did not try King Crab but tried the limited selection.The buffet is about 1/4 the size of the Rio or Harahs, or Bellagio but similar priced higher than Rio and Harahs.Salmon was dry, the pizza was down to four old slices for the 90 minutes we were there, never refreshed.Maybe its a bad time to show up, or maybe its just a bad buffet.If anybody has a contact to get a refund please let me know. There was no management available and the little food I did try made me feel not so well.  This was especially true after trying the very fishy tasting dry salmon.Over all I hear the crab legs are ok if that is your thing but other than that, spend less go elsewhere.  Saturday brunch is extremely over priced and is left us feeling like we'd just been ripped off.Again if you have tips on how to get a refund please post them.
4	Alright. Got here on time for brunch. Mimosa and champagne for $5 more? In Vegas? Done. The breakfast and other selections were plentiful (eggs, eggs, and more eggs --- jk they had other things). The only downside: we had to go up and get our own mimosa/champagne, and it was hard to walk after downing 7-8 glass. I'm loving it!
5	YUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM! Again, like I said, all yall trippin and I knew after reading the reviews yall were lol.We wernt here for dinner on Saturday..we were seated fast (we went about 6pm so maybe tha'ts why) and they were having all you can eat prime rib and CRAB LEGS!!!!! I had about 2 plates of crab legs lol. Everythng was soo yummy! If I remember correctly I had, a salad, crab, prime rib, potstickers, lobster filled ravel-oi, some other pasta rolled up with spinach inside (I dont remember what it was called), Brussels sprouts and probably something else lol. For dessert I had bread pudding which was bomb! and a small creme burlee (not a fan..I love creme burlee and this wasn't that good but maybe cause its always better in a restaurant then a buffet ya kno) and lemon cheesecake which was yummy! I wasn't starving or I woulda ate so much more but wat I did eat was soooo good! When Im back in Vegas, this will be a stop during the weekend, NO EXCEPTIONS! lol
1	We somehow ended up eating here, cause everyone was starving and we were walking past this place. SO not worth the $25. And you have to pay an additional $5 for unlimited mimosas. Most buffets already include the mimosas in the price. We could have paid an extra couple of bucks and went to a buffet that had seafood. I was so disappointed that I didn't even take photos of the food. The only thing I ate here was the Lobster Ravioli, Smoked Salmon and a piece of Lasagna. There was nothing that stood out about the food.I wouldn't recommending coming here to anyone. Spend a few extra bucks, and go to another buffet. I wish we had gone to Paris' Buffet or even Rio's. :(
1	I didn't know it was possible to put out less at dinner than at lunch and still charge more but they did it. Food was worse than cafeteria food at a hospital and with less flavor. $73.99 for two adults and a child. Half the steamer space was left unused. Save your money, go to Denny's and eat much better.
3	During Interop 2010, I decided to eat here by myself one of the nights I was there. Didn't want to hit up Burger Bar for the 50th time with one of my previous managers at my last work place, cuz that's the only restaurant he'll eat at whenever we're at one of our tradeshows.This buffet does the job if you're seriously craving seafood, Indian and desserts. I really loved the crab legs and the chicken curry they had. The dessert station is plentiful. Tons and tons of delicious cakes and tarts. If I didn't have work the next morning I would have paid the extra $5 for unlimited mimosas. Then I would have probably given this buffet an extra star. ;-)
3	Yum! Came here for lunch one day during my MGM stay and enjoyed it for what it was. Loaded up on things I really enjoyed here- ravioli, salad, etc. Some of the stuff had obviously been out too long but I knew it was par for the course. Dessert/fruit was really well done, very fresh and a great assortment. Worth the money? Barely, but pretty delicious. Your $20 might go toward something nicer at Wolfgang Puck on the other side of the building but it won't get you nearly as much loaded up on your plate.
2	Way over priced.  Food was okay but definitely not one of the best buffets in town.  Highly recommending passing on this one.
5	WOW i'm the least picky person in the world APARENTLY...I went for the Breakfest and lunch buffet. Sure, this aint Morton's Steak house but it gets the job done for the money...food is pretty ok quality and great selection.  great desserts too. i don't get why everyone is complaining...TIP: get a table by 10:40 because you pay for the breakfast buffet price(8 dollars cheaper than lunch), and the still have the breakfast items while they start bringing out the lunch stuff, so its like brunch!...EAT HERE IF YOU ARE NOT A PICKY LITTLE PUNK.
3	All you can eatPrice: Dinner ~20ish Setting: quite big, not a long wait and seating was fast!For the price you pay I say why not? The quality of the food is not up to par as the Wynn, however, I felt that there was more of a selection of food that I PERSONALLY would eat, but like I said the quality was ok. The pastas were very good and the meat was not bad. The dessert on the other had was amazing!!! and for sure better than the WYNN. They have 3-4 types of creme brulee!! which is my favorite and 2-3 types of cheesecakes!! soo good!!!
2	I just like the cute desserts.It's around $25 per person.
4	This is a breakfast buffet review only.Quite easily the best breakfast I had in LV.  Service was great. Nice variety. Clean.  Omelettes were absolutely delicious!  Would definitely return on my next trip.
2	Had breakfast here our first of 3 mornings in Vegas last week.  Convenient since we stayed at the MGM Grand - but that was the best thing going for it.  I asked for non-fat milk and the waitress told me that they only had skim and would that be ok - DUH....do people (especially in food service) NOT know that they are the same!?  WOW.Food was cold, line for omlettes was long and slow, service was ok, and we certainly didn't eat $20 each worth of food.....there are some really great buffets in Vegas, but this wasn't one of them. :(
3	We booked our room at MGM and they threw in free food. The food here is average at best and the selection is kinda of limited. It's not like the food is bad here but there are a lot of places better than this place.
2	You'll miss breakfast if you're up too late with a 100oz drink from Fat Tuesday. Still pricey, and very similar to all the other buffets.
4	This review is for the breakfast buffet which we visted a couple of times during our Vegas Stay.I've read some bad reviews for this place and really wanted to try one of the more highly rated buffet's but we were staying at the MGM Signature so this was easy for us to pop along to, to get us going on a morning. I found the breakfast selection to be really good. I would guess it is quite hard to mess up a breakfast buffet as most places must do a similar thing, but we always found plenty we wanted to eat especially the made to order pancakes which we delicious especially with chocolate chips. There was also always a queue for the made to order omelettes so I guess they were also good (although I never tried them).The service was good and I didn't feel we were rushed by our server. I would go again to this buffet at least for breakfast anyway.
2	Meh. We actually left one restaurant in Vegas that we weren't particularly pleased with to dine here and were kind of disappointed.  For all the hype this place was quite expensive and they food was not great.  We'll avoid this one next time around.
3	Breakfast buffet was decent. Food quality was average and so was service.
4	Most people who stay at the MGM will get to eat here free, or at least at a discounted price.  I didn't, but I was still thoroughly impressed with this buffet.  The quality is not the best, but they served all the food I like.  I like typical food that a 12 year old likes lol.  Like pasta dishes, and hamburgers etc.  This place was it.  Really stuffed myself here =)Derek
2	This was definitely a last-minute choice...mainly because my hotel is across the way and I was too lazy to drive to a good buffet. I guess for the price you can't complain. But I'm going to anyway. Lame food, lame service...just lame. First and last time here! As far as buffets go, I'll do better planning next time.
2	First off I went there in 2008 and the food was vey solid.  They had hot crab legs, fried shrimp and Steaks.  The steaks were about 6-8 oz cuts and tasted very good.  I couldn't wait to go back but, I was there over Thanksgiving weekend 3 days ago, and got FROZEN crab legs YUCK !!  No STEAK ,  Hand breaded shrimp that was decent, but the breading was falling off and very doughy.  This is Vegas and they obviously are trying to cut costs, how hard is it to boil Crab legs.  The Prime Rib was terrible, a rubber SHOE at best !  The server gave me a piece with blood all over it, should not of been served in the first place and the Server cutting the beef new it as she was starring at me when I walked down to my demise, I went back 5 minutes later to get another piece in hopes of a better cut and it was freaking terrible, looked like rubber and was very dull, no taste.  Out of the group of 7 we were all disappointed, ALL !!  The fruit selection was nothing great, salads average and the dessert was ok if you like Lemon Cheesecake, nothing to scream about.  The wait staff though was good at getting plates and drinks which is why it got 2 stars.  The Lobster Ravioli was so processed and phony, looked good tasted blah,  There was not 1 item I liked or really enjoyed.
1	Ugh.  Well, this place was overpriced, but for what I got I'd probably still be saying the same thing if it was $10.00 per person.We went for brunch one morning and found the selection to be really lacking.  I guess that's a good thing though, because what they had wasn't that impressive.  The food was cold and bland and there really wasn't much variety.  Oatmeal and donuts and sushi that tasted so bad made me feel like I was being a daredevil by eating it?  No thanks.Never again. Next time I'll shell out a few more dollars and a little more time to walk over to the Bellagio for their buffet.
2	This buffet sucks dick. Selection was very minimal. Meats were pretty bland. I've had better meals at Hometown Buffet. I only liked the desserts. That was the best part.
3	I wasn't in love with this place, but I didn't hate it. It was an above average Vegas buffet. I'd definitely go back.
1	I was planning on trying a different restaurant for lunch, but it was closed.  Now, you must know I am a big eater.  I can always get more than my money's worth when I go to a buffet.  For this afternoon, I just needed to eat some lunch before heading back to the poker tables.  The MGM Grand Buffet lunch had very slim pickings.  My lunch ended up being a a slice of highly salty ham, a couple of pieces of fried chicken, a few pieces of bland broccoli, and a some California roll.  The lox was suspiciously fishy, and there the only dessert that looked appealing was some ice cream.  This was the cheapest meal of my trip, but also the least enjoyable.
4	Wow, I have no idea how MGM's buffet is getting so many awful reviews.  I went for lunch, and thought they had a great selection, with several excellent dishes.  The shrimp ravioli and a few choices at the carving station were particularly good.  Just because a buffet doesn't serve lobster tail and pan-seared quail genitals doesn't mean you can't get a delicious meal there.
1	Yuck.Big selection, but it was salty as hell. The Mimosas tasted like chemicals. The "sushi" was a joke.  I even saw them pour the eggs out of a plastic bag -- the only fresh ones were over-easy (not even the omelets!)DEFINITELY look for a different buffet experience in LV
2	We were here to see Drew Carey's Improva-Ganza,  courtesy of KSNE radio, so we went to the Grand Buffet.  First visit here.  Everything looked good at first.  I was surprised to find a whole vegetarian section, and there was a nice assortment of Indian vegetable dishes, along with pappadum and mint sauce.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I love veggies, and Indian food is my absolute favorite.  But if cruise ships can do it well, MGM Grand ought to be able to, also.  HIRE AN INDIAN CHEF!!!  Everything I tried from that section was bland and tasteless, with not a hint of spice, or any kind of flavoring at all.  In fact, everything I tasted was woefully forgettable.  At first glance, the buffet looks big, but there aren't many selections in each category.  Three different kinds of cheese, three or four types of cold cuts.  The Mexican station had pre-made chicken fajita meat with some toppings, but didn't have the assortment of prepared dishes that even the lower-level Feast Buffets offer.  There were a couple of Chinese dishes, a couple of Italian pasta dishes (the lobster ravioli filling tasted like mashed potatoes.  I think the chef made a wrong turn and ended up in Idaho instead of the Pacific).The desserts were just as bad.  A few sliced cakes, some of which looked like they'd been there since the flood (Noah's, not Australia's).  The cutesy desserts in the tiny decorative cups looked good, but weren't (What the hell WAS that thing they named "Strawberry Tiramisu?")  The soft-serve "ice cream" was cold soup, and the vanilla was a really peculiar yellow color.  Oh, but they had real ice cream!, the server behind the counter said.  How bad can mint chocolate chip be?  That, too, was devoid of any flavor, but aahh, the texture:  like chalk.  Or left out and refrozen.MGM is too big to put their name on this poor excuse for a buffet.  I'm glad we didn't have to pay for it - it was offered spontaneously when I put in my two cents' at the Player's Club about the new M Life program, which is screwing us loyal but low-roller gamblers which, of course, is not revealed in their huge advertising campaign.  I very much appreciated the comp, and wish I could have written a glowing review, but this buffet is up there among the worst.
3	Typical Vegas buffet. $25 per person. Food was good, dessert was awesome!
1	This food here is terrible. I use to come here all the time when I was in Vegas for their champaign brunch on Saturday or Sunday, but over the last two years this place has gone downhill. The last couple of times I've been there the food has been bland, dry, & often cold. The deserts are hard, & don't really taste that good. Even the ice cream & jell-o is hard..... Not sure how they managed to pull that off, I guess they want to be consistent at having gross food all the way across the board.It's looks like they have a wide selection of food here but after walking through you realize it's the same lame food on both sides. The only thing decent about this place is their servers are usually good with following up on you, but all they do is refill the soda like any other server at a buffet is suppose to do so who really gives a sh1t about that. If I'm dropping 17-26 bucks on a buffet I want good food not fresh tap water.So in a nutshell F this place, you're better off taking your money a half mile over to the food court and pay 6 bucks for a quarter pounder "without" cheese ($7.50 with) at the mcdonalds and use the remaining 12 bucks getting wasted on the free drinks at the penny slots.
3	This was my first trip to Vegas and I had heard from multiple people that the buffets are wonderful. While I enjoyed the breakfast buffet here it didn't seem to be anything special. I loved the variety and unique selections but nothing was that outstanding. The only thing that was truly amazing was the dessert bar that was open in the morning. I love sweets so this made my visit complete. I would say it's a little pricey for the quality but if I stayed at the hotel again, I'd come back.
1	terrible! wouldn't eat here if it were free. if i could give it zero stars i would.
3	the order.buffet!selection was quite limited for a "Grand Buffet" but then again I was there on a wednesday night. staff was limited but nice. wait was ridiculously long for a buffet on a weekday. crab legs were meaty but salty.roasted chicken had nice seasoning but was sitting out on the heat lamp too long.char sui (chinese bbq pork) was really sweet- go figure.chicken and pork shumai were shriveled but had okay flavorthe rib meat was tough but had a nice minimal rub.pork loin was lean but dry. and was in a weird sour cream sauce.nothing special. just ample selection though not the best. but more than enough to get full.
2	Overpriced and underattended (as in our waitress seemed to forget all about us), we weren't too impressed with our outing here.   The food was exceedingly average at its best, and at it's worst, bland, dry and lukewarm.   The flow of the buffet wasn't great, with one long line for most of the good items on one side, and a no waiting side for the vegetarian offerings.  Seems they could have worked that out better.    After that is the chef attended parts of the buffet which branch out to each side.
1	Not worth the money. It was a standard buffet you would see anywhere. Plus they had three kinds of sushi which all tasted horrible.
3	Not bad, but relatively inexpensive. "Grand" buffet is pretty limited and uninteresting. Service always gets noticeably better if you tell them you'll tip after the meal, rather than paying the slip up front.
3	Fresh food, but a lil limited selection for A Vegas buffet. Our server ways wayyyy too service minded, he kept asking every five minutes if we were ok and if we needed anything. Service is everything for me, but that was too much. The food:I love love love all kinds of melons, and their watermelons and honey melons (or whatever you Americans calls them) were fresh so I had a bunch of themTheir veggie pizza was really yummy, I only wish I had more space in my belly to eat more than one slice (I discovered them after already eating like five plates)Their sushi station was not impressive; they had three kinds of sushi that all tasted like something I could have bought at Ralphs... veggie springs rolls were a much better choice. The vegetarian station was lame. I am not a vegetarian, but I love the food, and I can just imagine the disappointment for someone who actually is vegan or vegetarian. My heart goes out to you girls and boys. They had steamed veggies, and some Indian curry salad, etc, but I did not try it. The hummus was actually pretty good!Their salads were ok, I really liked their salad with ceasar dressing on it...The best part of the buffet was their desserts! Small selections of a variety of sweets! Overall the buffet was ok, but I don't know if it was worth $27 plus tax.
2	Ten years ago, this place was the best.Wife and I went here for Saturday brunch last month.  We arrived about 11am.  Paid $60 for unlimited mimosa and brunch.  All I wanted was bagels and lox, ham and an omelette.  The buffet was at the halfway mark meaning it wasn't going to close for another 4 hours.  They were out of bagels.  One of the stockers went to look for more bagels and she said they were out for the day.  I said to her "You mean there are no bagels in this entire casino and hotel?"  She said yes.Went to the meat station, they were out of ham.  No more ham for the rest of the day.Got an omelette and it was over cooked.  Bottom line, I would have asked for my $60 bucks back but we were so hungry.  The only reason this place got 2 stars is the mimosa service.  The guy who brings out mimosa ended up bringing us two pint glasses of champagne.  I even saw him fill up a pitcher full of champagne for a guy.  Now that's classy!  Bottom line, we won't be going there again when we go to Vegas.
2	You can get better food at Denny's. And I don't even really like Denny's much.Only good part of this buffet is the omlet guy. He's fun to watch, and the omlets are good.
3	The only thing that makes this buffet worth it is if you pay the extra 5 bucks and get the endless champagne.  Food isnt top notch but I'm not really one on buffets so we will just say it's ok.  Not worth 30 bucks for brunch but if you do go make it worth your while for endless champagne..
3	Went here with my roommate for dinner and the food wasn't great. They have a good amount of selections though. I liked the desserts but they didn't have many to offer.Best part of my meal was the mac n' cheese, and that's not sayiing much..
2	What a disappointment! The food at our local hospital cafeteria is so much better! The "prime rib" was steamed. The turkey breast dry. The salads were messy. The sushi rolls tasted "off". And to add insult to injury we were seated in kiddie land. Why? We had no children with us. And we were seated where all the children (I counted 12, with different families/tables, under the age of 5) were going ultra sonic. There were plenty of tables available elsewhere. We pointed this out to the hostess who pointed to a table....2 feet away. Duh. Very annoying experience. This buffet was much better in 2004.
2	Just ate there this past Thursday while in Vegas to watch the NCAA tourney.  I've eaten here a couple of times over the years and either they've gone downhill or I remember it being a lot cheaper and a lot better.  I tried a bunch of different things and even though it was buffet I didnt think it was that fresh.  The mahi mahi was rubbery and fishy, the pasta was left out too long and started to dry up, and the desert selection seemed to be quite limited.  The Bellagio or TI buffet is much better.
1	On our way to Lady Gaga 3/25/11 we decided to try this buffet, and as you can see it didn't go well.Pro:No line / No wait at 6:30pm (should have seen this as a sign)Con:Dinner Only for 2 Adults was $80 +  (price didn't include wine or beer)Very limited food selection, Very!Food was poorly preparedSome items didn't tates right  (either bland or just straight up nasty)Did I mention over priced?Limited desert station served only soft serve ice cream, chocolate mouse, and creme brulee.This has to be the worst buffet I've ever eaten at.  I wouldn't eat here again even if the food was free.
1	Gross. That pretty much sums it up. I went there once about 4 years ago for lunch and it way pretty good. So I was disappointed when I went last week for dinner before a concert. The food was bland and has an unsanitary feel to the whole experience. I felt like I would have done way better at a regular restaurant for the money.
2	One might think that a big, prestigious hotel such as the MGM Grand would have a great buffet. One would be quite incorrect. This is not a cheap buffet but the food and selection ranks among the lowest. Skip it.
2	2.5 starsMy brother-in-law took us to Vegas this past week.  We had never been before, so b-in-law went ahead and planned out an itenerary for us.  We ate at the MGM Grand Buffet on the first night of the trip Monday b/c it was the most convenient (we stayed at MGM Grand Hotel).Short wait in line (5-10 min).  Cost was upwards of $120 for 2 adults and 2 kids :(Nice sized selection including American, Mexican, Asian, Italian, and Indian. I liked that they had whole asian pearsFood was very hit or miss.  I would have expected much better quality for the price.  Steamed dim sum dumplings were cold and dried out. Miso soup was devoid of tofu and sooo salty.  Chinese 'rice balls' were awfully dried out and sitting in a thick sauce that was so salty that I could not eat it.  I am the sort of person who has 3-4 different types of specialty salt at home and sometimes even carries my sea salt grinder in my purse, so it is really bad if something is that salty to me! Fried tofu balls were better, lighter and fluffier than any fried tofu that I have previously had elsewhere.  Sesame balls were hot enough for the sesame seeds to be all hot and toasty - yum :)Desserts selection was pretty decent.  All of the desserts (fruit tarts, custards, etc) that I tried were delicious, though still not quite worth the price...My favorite part was the asian pear.  My husband does not remember eating anything impressive, but is still grumping about the cost.  My oldest son loved the mints that he got as we were leaving.All in all, not worth the $$.  For a few bucks less you can get a far superior buffet experience at Wicked Spoon (our fave meal of the trip).
2	I went to Vegas this past weekend and spent $800 at the casinos...yet left Vegas very happy. I ate at the MGM Grand buffet and spent $85... yet left feeling very ripped off. Seriously two adults was $80 and that price didn't include alcohol. This would have been okay if the buffet had been amazing, but it wasn't. They had one small line of breakfast food that was not above the quality one gets at Denny's for $4.99. Other stuff was dry and/or cold and the selection was meager. They just don't give a crap and obviously this place exists for the people needing to use their comp points. After I walked inside, the first thing I thought to myself was "I KNEW I SHOULD HAVE YELPED THIS PLACE FIRST!" Als, it was too late.Anyway, lesson learned. If you want food, find another place. I don't care if you just won $100,000, this is not worth it.
1	Never again!  The only reason my girlfriend and I went was because it was close to the David Copperfield show.  I didn't expect much and they definitely delivered.  Do yourself a favor and save your 60 bucks for the blackjack tables.  Even if you lose it would be money better spent.
2	I luckily got to eat here for free because a friend gave me a gift card to the MGM Grand but I would have been pretty upset if I had paid the full price to eat here. It felt like an over-glorified Old Country Buffet except I would have chosen good ole OCB for my country hankering. Most of the food was stuff I could make myself and it just felt a bit more run-down and neglected than other places. If you're going to spend the money on a buffet, consider elsewhere.
3	thought this place was going to be very good considering it was at MGM but it wasn't too satisfying. their prime rib was kinda tough and lacked flavor. they did have good braised ribs which was very flavorful. their desserts was pretty good too. i liked the chocolate mousse cup.
4	Very good service and decent food selections.The wait was very quick for dinner. 5 minutes and got seats. The lighting and environment is very comfortable to stay and eat in.Our waiter was very responsive and always within reach. Got all our soft drinks by the time we returned from grabbing food.We went for dinner and it was ok in selections.My favorite were crab-legs, roast beef cuts, avocado, and fish. Desserts were delightful and satisfied my sweet tooth (3 times). Recommended is the Vanilla ice cream (non-soft serve). Very creamy and soothing.
1	Ate here because it was convenient since we stayed at the Signature.  We should have taken a cab somewhere else.  The cost is ridiculous for the food that you get.  I would have appreciated Hometown Buffet more as far as taste, quality of food and price goes.
1	Worst buffet in las vegas. Quality is sooo bad! No wonder studio cafe jacked up their prices to double....
2	When it comes to buffet food in this town with its great variety of food at different price points unlike no other I tend to have just one simple rule and that is the food must taste good. This buffet fails miserably at this. For the price they charge I was hoping to at least have decent pizza or maybe a good fried chicken, all of the food was bland w absolutely no flavor and in many instances as if their cooks aren't even trying to add flavor. The desserts were ok and didn't do anything for my palette. I guess they are hoping since it's the only buffet inside this casino that you would settle but believe me you are better off eating at one of the chain restaurants at the food court then wasting your money inside this tasteless atrocity. PS: the service was good and or waitress did an awesome job.
1	This is one of the worst buffet I ever went in Vegas for dinner...For $31 person with a very limit selection is bs!! I will NEVER come back to this buffet!!! Very very disappointed!!! It takes a lot to disappoint me at a buffet!!!
4	I had a convention in the MGM, so found myself visit this buffet for lunch and dinner.  The food is good, the variety is also good.For lunch there were too many options to even try.  The menu is a good variety from all around the world, mexican, vegetarian, indian etc.Overall the food was fresh and tasty.  The waiter we got on one visit was very slow and did not offer refills (we had to ask).Desserts and the salad bars are the highlight of this buffet.
2	A definite 1.5 star buffets but the service here was better than other buffets so I rounded up to 3 stars.I think the best dish here was the fried chicken. The meat lasagna was meatless. The Caesar dressing was flavorless. I couldn't taste any mushroom in the mushroom ravioli.Hmmm...don't know why I'm trying to remember everything I ate. You just need to know that you could get better food elsewhere for less if you're willing to walk.
4	Came here with a group but seated separately to avoid the high gratuity %. Pretty decently price per person and they had a great variety of food and desserts. A bit of a long wait, but what do you expect? I think we chose this place over the Wynn because that was a bit more expensive. We're crazy. But this place, definitely better than Rio
4	A bit pricey for a buffet but it was a holiday weekend so my bill ran at $38.. The food selection at this buffet was definitely better than most.. Their california rolls, potstickers, mac n cheese, and vegetable lasagna were all very tasty! Again, I didn't have much stomach space for food after drinking all day so I had to endure the feeling of starving/sickness all throughout my meal.. Such a complicated adventure! The only thing I put on my plate that I wasn't a fan of was of the vegetarian pizza.. It was pretty bland and lacked any outstanding flavors.. I didn't get a chance to sample anything else since I couldn't bare to eat anymore but this was for sure one of the better buffets..
5	Oh my goodness.At $18 per person this was a MAGNIFICENT place to enjoy for lunch.I am always wary of buffets. I don't eat meat and I am never sure I'm going to be able to get my money's worth.I am going to make a point to eat here every time I visit Las Vegas. The mushroom ravioli especially was, hands down, THE very best ravioli I'd ever eaten, and I've eaten $50 a plate ravioli from an upscale restaurant. The Grand Buffet blew that out of the water.The desserts were amazing. Raspberry tiramisu, key lime pie, creme brulee, all in adorable single size servings. Next time I go I'm not going to eat for a week beforehand.Also, $20 for a bucket of ice cold beer was pretty reasonable.
1	Do you know how much liquor 100 bucks buys in Vegas? Ok, not much, but it would have definitely been better spent at a bar then at this buffet. $30 for the brunch PLUS another $8 for the dranks. Tax, tip, almost 50 bucks per person for this buffet, and being married multiplies that to 100 bucks. I was stuck because we were with a group so I decided to just enjoy myself. Fat chance. Food was bland and gross. Not a single bite made me OMG. I hate to waste food but took one bite and passed on several things. "Indian" food? I think not, and I was kicking myself for not knowing better.I know buffets are known for quantity and not quality, but for 50 bucks it could have at least been edible.And my mimosas didn't even come for a solid 20 mn!!!!
2	"Meh. I've experienced better" is pretty much exactly what I thought of this place.  I went Sunday for brunch, and since it was Memorial Day Weekend, they jacked the price up even more and didn't even have anything special to eat.  Not being a meat eater, I'm sure there are probably some decent dishes that I didn't eat, but all of the vegetarian options were just alright.  I've enjoyed buffets at the casinos in San Diego much more than I did this one and they seem to have much more variety too.  The saving point of the MGM Grand Buffet is the dessert section.  I love all of the individual bite-size desserts.  That way I can try them all!  My favorite was the pistachio-almond gelato.  Best I've ever had, but not enough to make up for the rest of the buffet.
3	It was huge amounts of food, which was fun. However, the quality was that of hotel food.  It was included in our vacation package, but if I had paid $54 for the Sunday brunch buffet, I would gave been disappointed.
2	Not the greatest Buffet at all, even if it was located in a normal city.  The food selection was terrible and food quality was poor. We made a big mistake when we thought to drop in here.
3	Buffets are good in my opinion if they get mashed potatoes and mac and cheese right, have a decent meat station, and some sort of Italian. Grand Buffet did all of the above, plus a really good Mushroom Ravioli, two Indian dishes and assortment of desserts that I particularly liked. The entire setup though is a little disorganized. The plates are never where you needed them, you'd have the mashed potatoes next to the sushi, and the taco bar has you bouncing back and forth from one side of the table to another to do your fillings. Very very odd, but I guess if I work for my food then I won't feel as bad for having eyes bigger than my stomach, which is exactly what happened. Price for lunch was $20.99, and buffet selection was adequate.
4	We liked this buffet the best out of the 4 that we tried.  The selection was the best, and the desserts were great!  I really enjoyed the mac and cheese.
2	This buffet is quite nice, however, not worth the price. Unless you always eat way too much food at one meal, this place is a rip-off and you can do far better. If the price were a few bucks cheaper, it may be worth it. But at the prices they charge -- you'd do better elsewhere, for sure.If you do wind up going there, make sure you have plenty of time to pace yourself. I made the mistake of going to this and meeting a bunch of people who were practically done when I got there. This isn't MGM's fault; just mentioning it because you should have ample time when you set about eating at this place. It really is massive, so if you're gonna spend the moola, you might as well take the time to truly enjoy it. Don't go with someone who is always in a hurry or who likes to wolf down their food!
1	NOT a fan of this buffet. Everyone else has it right: the expensive price isn't reflected in the quality of the food or service. The seafood was not fresh, the crab legs tasted strange unless you drowned them in butter (gross.) The shrimp also tasted old. We won't be back . . . ever . . .
2	Average - expected more.  Not much flavor.  Service was pretty good.
1	Please do not waste your money on the food here!!! $40 -50 on food I think my dog wouldn't eat! The "Crab Legs" smelled and tasted nasty! Like they weren't fresh! Not a wide variety to choose from.
4	BOMB.COM x2!!! I am shocked that this buffet has a 2.5 rating. My friends and I were hungover and starving. We are all critical eaters and we were impressed! They had everything and every style of cooking. If you craving something, more than likely they have it! Granted my friends and I got a great deal on this buffet but so utterly great with a variety of everything. I will be coming back here!
3	The price here for a Sunday brunch wasn't that great at all.  But due to the fact that we were checking out of Vegas that day and had our luggage, and the fact that we were near MGM didn't really help to convince us on other places to go.With that said, the food was rather decent.  It was really just the type of food you would come to expect at a buffet with salads, meats, pastas, etc.  However, I was fond of the sushi, where the sushi was actually better than other buffets that serve sushi.  Also, the desserts were above average compared to other buffets that serve the type.Overall, I enjoyed it for the location, but if I had a choice, I would probably go somewhere else for the price and quality.
4	It was mine and my bf's first time at that buffet. We didn't want to eat there at 1st because it was a bit pricey for our budget. They let us look inside   before we decided to eat there. They have a lot of good options; soups, salads, seafood, meat, sushi, dumplings, egg rolls, pickled veggies, Mexican food, about 5 flavors of ice cream, a bunch of desserts, fruit &  some other things, theres too much to mention. You can order alcohol for extra cost but soft drinks, juice, ice tea and coffee are included.We were full and happy.I would love to go there again when ever we're in Vegas.  I suggest you ask to look inside before you pay so you know if thats what you want to eat.
5	Richard Pro here with another review.I go to Vegas every Christmas and I've become a seasoned expert on Las Vegas buffets for the past seven years. Come here for dinner, avoid breakfast and lunch. As buffets go, most in Vegas are similar and the interior makes a big difference in meal choice. I've been here for Christmas feasts where the price skyrockets to $35 a person, and I've been here for normal dinners. There's a great variety of food here. If you know how to eat at buffets, you know the quality of a buffet is largely based on how expensive the food they offer is. Most people are neophytes and don't know this, and they'll go to a buffet to enjoy a plate of fried rice for $20. I enjoy rare prime rib here, and a few years back they had excellent sushi. For some reason about 4 years ago every single buffet in Vegas changed their sushi.The wait is typically long. Go and look at the lions while having someone in your family wait in line. I like the atmosphere here. It's large, spacious, well lit, tables and booths are clean. Buffet tables look nice and food is appealing. Definitely a very grand feel to it. I enjoy it immensely. Service is as good as other Vegas buffets offer. 5 stars. My favorite dinner buffet in Vegas, but Wynn may be the one exception. Unfortunately, I have not been able to go to Wynn yet due to the dinner line starting at 4:15ish.
1	When it comes to Las Vegas, one of the attractions is a gluttonous dinner at a casino buffet. Las Vegas is famously known for its buffets. When I was in Vegas years ago, I remember the glorious Caesar's Palace buffet that my family and I ate at, so I was kind of excited to find out that we got a free buffet at the MGM Grand. Sadly, the only saving grace to this buffet was that it came with our hotel room. To any visitors looking for a buffet experience, I HIGHLY recommend that you avoid this place at all cost. I would recommend eating dropped table scraps from the MGM food court before eating at this place... yes it is that bad!The service was pretty standard when it comes to service at any buffet. Waiter comes in and takes your drink order then you go to town on the food selection. I ended up eating some crab legs, and roast beef at my MGM buffet experience. The crab legs were very tasteless... almost like these legs were thawed from a frozen pack of pre-cooked crab legs that one can buy at their local super market. The texture of the legs was very dry and stringy. One would expect food of this quality at dormitory cafeteria buffet at any University on Tuesday nights, let alone, at Las Vegas. Not tasty at all. The roast beef was so-so. The slices were pretty small, and that beef itself was way overcooked, which lead to the meat being tough. It was a step above dormitory cafeteria food, but also a several steps below an average Golden Corral.The desserts were better. Its like the typical desserts that you will find at any buffet, such as the self serve ice cream, premade cakes, cookies and such. But then you would expect desserts of this quality at a generic buffet, not at a Las Vegas resort and casino. If you are staying at the MGM Grand and received a free MGM buffet voucher, then by all means, eat the free food. If the only buffet experience that you have ever had was at your undergrad dorm cafeteria, a hospital buffet or at a friend's dumpster eating 3 week old Thanksgiving left overs, then this might be your place to eat, however you will get more bang for your buck at the McDonalds food court on the other side of the building. Otherwise, stay away!!!!!!!
3	nothing special.. it was a buffet with decent food.. i remember it being better a few years ago..
1	We had dinner and for the price was not worth it. We will never go back.I enjoy the breakfast at Imperial Palace.Mary
3	Not bad.  An acceptable selection and a few decent tasting entrees.  I actually finished what was on my plate, rather than sampling and leaving everything to waste.This place has a soft spot in my heart, because it's the first Vegas buffet I had ever been to, over 3 years ago.  It doesn't really live up to its memory, but it's the best buffet I've tried so far on the Strip (out of Mandalay Bay, Luxor and Excalibur).
2	Why oh why didn't I listen to my fellow Yelpers?  Silly me, I will not sin again!I wanted something quick and easy for lunch for my last day in Vegas and opted  for the MGM Grand lunch buffet.  It was ok.The space was very nicely decorated and inviting.  The service was s-l-o-w.    The food was ok at best.  Frankly, it was no different than what one can get at a Golden Corral or Sizzler  in about any city in the country.  Nicely presented but way under seasoned.  Everything kinda tasted the same.  Frankly, at $25, I felt a bit abused.Oh well, lesson learned...
3	Breakfast buffet is so so! Not as good as I expected.
3	I normally don't do buffets since I don't eat much in general, but I had a free voucher for MGM Grand buffet since we stayed here (not by choice).There are many food selections, service was ok, a little slow but they did go around to make sure if you need anything, food quality was so so, and pastry lady was very friendly.Since the voucher came for free, I am not gonna critic much, if I didn't get the free voucher, I won't dine here. : )
1	The MGM Grand Buffet is not my favorite buffet in Las Vegas but it is satisfactory. With a name such as "Grand" Buffet, I expected to have a large selection of different food, but unfortunately selections were limited. I honestly found myself filling my stomach with plates full of mac and cheese. The quality of food was okay but the crab legs and seafood just wasn't what I expected. The one thing that saved this fiasco of a dinner buffet was the dessert section. This section, yet small and secluded, offered some tasty pastries and desserts that I actually enjoyed. Now this wasn't amazing, but it did help me feel better about spending money on this buffet.I must say that one good thing about this buffet is that it was kept clean and was well maintained. The staff was also fast at giving us refills and clearing our tables of plates and silverware. So overall, my experience with the service was good, but the ambiance and atmosphere was filled with noises from the casino.I honestly must say that I will probably never go back again unless I receive a free buffet pass. But other than that, I think I'll just have to pass.
3	3.5 stars. I went to the breakfast/lunch buffet and thought everything tasted pretty darn good! It was $18 per person, well-stocked, and a TON of different options. I felt the quality was good enough to try to sushi which was kind of a meh at most of the buffets ( I wouldn't suggest it) but otherwise I would go back again.
4	yummy buffet and a great way to end our quick weekend trip to vegas!
2	I only ate here because it came free with our room (and with unlimited drinks at the west wing bar...woohoo!) I agree with lots of others here, its not the best but not the worst either...but definitely not worth the money they ask for.  If you get this place comped or free, then COOL! You can never go wrong with omelets and bacon for breakfast or mashed potatoes and fried chicken and salads for dinner.Don't expect much from this buffet and don't pay full price either. Studio B buffet is half the cost and WAY better. Pros:-Convenient if you're staying at the hotel and can get comped for it, you'll be seated quicker-Has solid buffet basics:fresh green salads and veggies, potatoes and chicken...if you don't go fancy you'll be okay.Cons:-The "fancier" items looked really suspect to me. -Super busy and kinda nuts in there. Didn't really like the traffic in and around this buffet.
2	We went here on our first night in Vegas. We spent our money at better places. They have a wide selection of food. Some of the food was good like the crab legs, steak and potatoes were pretty good. The rest of the food wasnt that great. I could have gone somewhere else great with the money I spent here. I wouldnt go back to this place again!
3	Went for dinner. Not bad. Decent food, but we had $50 voucher. IF I had paid 80 for the 2 of us, probably would have been more disappointed. Food is decent-ish, nice selection, prime rib was pretty good. Nice selection of mixed ethnicity foods and vegetarian options for the wife. Definitely worth it if your looking for a quantity over quality deal. If your seeking some really good eats, look elsewhere (NOT THE LUXOR BUFFET!! TERRIBLE)Large selection of desserts, salads and some other decent food.I would have expected more from the MGM, but hey, you can't do it all great!
1	It was not worth $77. for 2 people. Spice Market at Planet Hollywood was a lot better for $20 less for 2 people. I will NOT be back.
3	Pretty average, as far as Strip buffets go. I often get one or two free meals as part of some room package, so I end up there regardless of price or quality. I bet a lot of the clientele is there for the same reason.It's not as huge as you might expect, given the size of MGM. But the typical options are all there is some shape or form. As with most middle-of-the-road buffets, quality varies by type of food and time of day. Seafood option were slim when I visited last.It's clean and usually well staffed (unlike some of the lower-end buffets, where tables are left uncleared with scraps of food on the floor). So it's worth a visit if you're nearby and the lines aren't long, especially if you have a coupon.
3	$40 buffet for one adult (inclusive of tip) There are self pay stations.  There was a lot of variety.  I was hoping that the desert station was have lots of variety, too. The desert selection was not up to Vegas standards.
1	W. T. Freakazoid.  For the price it is not with it.  Service was fast and friendly but the food was lacking flavor and the selection wasn't all that great for a buffet.  The money they ask for would be better spent at one of the regular restaurants (or just spent on drinks at a bar) with a good entree and drink.
3	This is one of the three buffets I went to and I would place it at 3rd place.   The orange champagne things got me a good buzz for the late morning.  The food here was average and ordinary.   I would only go here if you were comped a free buffet.
2	It is over priced ($30) for what it has to offer. Not much varriet and the food does not have the best of taste.  The desert is good though.  I do not recommend this buffet.
2	Not worth the near $40 I paid. If this were a $20 buffet, then I think I would rate it a little higher, but this buffet was quite an embarrassment. It had a few things that were of pretty decent quality, but nothing more. The Crab Legs are decent sized and everything is just... Meh. Desert had some good things. The sorbet was so artificially flavored, it was bad. Overall, if you can get this around $20, go to it! If not, head to the Treasure Island buffet, much better quality for less.
2	Viewers, you have been warned do not spend your money at this buffet!  If it's free with your hotel package, sure go ahead but directly out of your own pocket you can do much better at other places.We were there first night in Vegas, before our show of KA there.  Starving/Tired to death after a long flight, we decided to try this one despite the reviews we saw.  It's $35 for dinner per person, we should've jumped right off the boat when seeing no one was lining up at this buffet (check out all other better reviewed buffets and see how long the lines are especially for a dinner), but it was an honest rookie mistake.So we paid and entered and I was astonished to find out that about 1/5-1/6 of the food countertops were covered with no food existence.  I thought it was the timing initially since we entered around 5pm, but after about 1 hour, I finally realized that was it.  It's a "Grand buffet" with much less food selections than everybody else who dares to charge such a premium for admission.Not only did they lack food choices, but also hands.  Our waiter only came to the table to refill the drink literally 3 times for the 1 hour session we had in this place, as he needed to run around a lot of different tables.Only three highlights:  Prime rib (tender and full flavored), snow crab legs (they cracked the legs open for you already, so no effort from your side); and a great selections of desserts.However, as I said in the very first, for $35 you should go to Wynn (we did and it was awesome) and Bellagio (saw the LONG line everyday and dared not join the competition).  Definitely not worth the price!
1	The price is crazy high for mediocre food and it took 15 minutes to get a cup of coffee.....after getting up to ask the manager ----- crappy service and crappy food, go to McDonalds you'll be better off
4	Glad I didnt read the reviews before going or I would never had eaten hereSpent Christmas day dinner here and really enjoyed itGreat Beef Ribs !!!! A very good Key Lime Pie TartOur server was great, quick with clearing plates and bringing new sodas
1	Had  Christmas dinner at the MGM Buffet.  Wanted to go to Bellagio but the wait was more than 2 hours-- same at Wicked Spoon.  There was no wait at MGM which should have been a hint that the Yelp reviews I had read were accurate.  But we were  determined to go to a buffet to please all the various desires of our group and we had run out of time to find a place that did not require a long wait.   Food was what you would find in a cafeteria and the setting reminded me of eating in a hospital cafe.  Certainly not worth the $40 per person.     Asked for a wine list and was given a little piece of paper with a few wines listed but told the prices were not correct -- we were told the prices  were higher than what was listed but wait person did not know the prices.  Other than not knowing prices for wine, our wait person was very helpful.  I should have  paid attention to the Yelp reviews --I will from now on!!
1	I was recently in Vegas for a business conference. My and my work associate had an early meeting and figured why walk outside the hotel.  What a mistake that was!I really do not expect to be disappointed at breakfast, I mean hell, if McDonalds can get it right for billions of folk, why can't this place?  Everything seemed like it was left on the burners overnight. Dry tasteless , disgusting eggs, bacon, cheese blintzes, some gross beef crap, the list is endless, whatever they had out just sucked.  The other restaurants in the MGM where great, so I was really shocked that this place was so horrible.  They need to get a new executive chef to just tweak the preparation a bit and at least get this to the 3.0 to 3.5 range.
2	That photo is so misleading. Came here for lunch (with a voucher from our hotel) and because it was brunch hours, prices were $30 per person. There weren't any seafood, 1 meat station, and mostly cheap breakfast items...definitely not a good place for lunch. Stayed around to gamble, dinner looked good with some crab legs, lamb, and other foods.Dessert place is also small...at this price level, definitely go to Wicked Spoon over MGM Grand.
3	I went here a few days before New Years with my Dad and it was definitely a nice experience.  I believe some of the reviews are somewhat harsh, but this IS the famous MGM hotel so I guess it doesn't deserve any sympathy.  The buffet had AMAZING Ribs, Crab legs, and numerous other dishes that were delicious but I feel they could of had more variety given the high cost and location. The few downsides, other than the price, was definitely how packed the actual buffet was, but you can't really take any points away from them for that.  If you're in the MGM and want something conveniently in the hotel you should most definitely try this out, but be prepares that it is overpriced.
1	Horrible buffet for such a large hotel and at $30.00 a person it should be at least good. At least our waitress was very hospitable and quick. You know you are in trouble when dessert is not good.
3	Not a bad value if you go for the weekday champagne brunch ($24).  All you can drink mimosas is worth that price.  Food was acceptable but nothing like some of the more lavish buffets;  MGM's buffet is more standard buffet fare with a lot of breakfast options at this time of day.  Desserts were nothing to write home about except for the delicious peanut butter gelato...if you only get one thing from the dessert station make it that.  I'm not big on ice-cream at a buffet but this was truly top notch.Decor is generic and drab with definite room for some updating but everything was clean and well organized.  Not terrible but certainly not fancy...just middle of the road.That said, our waitress Donna was so bubbly and nice that it made the whole experience really pleasurable.  She was genuinely warm and a lot of waitresses out there could take some pointers from her.  Thanks Donna for making an average brunch an unforgettable one!
3	Went for breakfast only. The MGM doesn't have many breakfast choices so this is where we went every morning. Large selection of baked goods, typical eggs, potatoes, etc. Omelet station was pretty good. For gluten free diners, you are limited but if that isn't a concern, the selection is pretty vast (but I can't vouch for the taste).
5	MGM grand buffet is one of my favorite breakfast buffets on the strip. This is a must on every trip! The people are nice and the food is great. I have only eaten breakfast and brunch here, but definitely one of my favorites.
1	Bland food at exorbitant prices.I'm used to high prices (I live in San Francisco), but the terrible quality and preparation of the food made what they're charging just criminal. You could go to a coffee shop and get a better meal for a fraction of the price.The soup was flavorless, and the was pasta cooked to a mush. The salad was limp. The roast beef was cold and greasy, and the shrimp felt slimy and smelled FUNKY.We ate here on a Saturday night, but for some reason several of the food stations were closed and they were running short staffed. It took forever to get a soda - which wasn't included in the price. At the salad station the only plates available were steaming hot from the dishwasher. It felt like no one in management cared about the guest's experience. Seriously, you can do better than this.
2	Ate here last night for dinner. Overall, this buffet was hit or miss, with a lot of misses.The selection of food was on the small side, compared to most other buffets in town.  Most of the entrees were not very good.  Stand outs were the short ribs and chili chicken.  The do pasta extremely poorly.  We only managed to eat one bite of both the lasagne and the shrimp stuffed ravioli w/ pesto sauce.  If I hadn't ready the description of the dish I never would have known it was shrimp stuffed OR had a pesto sauce.  The filling was white and mushy with no taste.  The pesto sauce was dry and green.  The vegetables and salads were outstanding!  It's really hard to believe.  There was mashed butternut squash that was at the very end of the buffet that was very very good.  It was next to made to order NY steak and had already been cooked.  Not sure where the "made to order" came in.Broccoli, roasted vegetables, fish with mango sauce and five grain salad were also very good.  The Tuscan bread salad was awful. The turkey from the carving station was not good either.  Hard to believe that they could mess up vegetable pizza, but they did.  The dessert bar had great chocolate flan, but not much else of note.The service was not much better.  They promptly cleared dishes the moment you got up and they were very good about bringing fresh silverware/napkins, but they managed to spill water on us every time they refilled our glasses!  The iced tea was delicious.  I would spend my money and calories somewhere else!
3	I went there for Brunch time. The food was okay. There was different varietys to pick from. I have to admit that the dessert section looked the best! Make sure you save room for dessert.
3	We stopped in here one afternoon and they were serving champagne brunch. The brunch food was okay, not a ton of selection for a vegetarian who is allergic to nuts though, since a lot of foods involved pesto. I did enjoy their homefries though, they were very tasty, and they also had some very yummy coffee cake. The deserts overall were tasty. My boyfriend thought the food was okay, but would have liked to see a bit more selection. Our server was extremely nice and kept our drinks refilled.
3	To me the good is good but they are over price then other buffets and they don't carry a lot of sea food
3	Dinner $29.99We were desperate for food. We just got there and I've been to the MGM Grand Buffet before (hence, I'm duchess for now) :PThe only positive thing about this place is CRAB LEGS.When I eat a buffet, I only eat the expensive stuff because you need to get your money's worth. I can't help it. Asian. :PSo I had a whole plate full of crab legs and shrimp. I had some minor stuff but come on... seafood is overpriced. Crab is hard to get. :P SERVICE:Nice service. SELECTION:Very little. They had some meats but in all honesty... it's not bad. If you're like me, crab legs are the way to go. They also had pasta and pizza stuff but not the good quality kind. :PThe dessert selection was one table and it was pretty tasty. The ice cream sucks but the baked stuff and cute cup stuff was good! BATHROOM:Outside of buffetOVERALL: Meh, take it or leave it. We were desperately hungry.
4	Being from Portland I cannot believe I went into a "buffet" place. That is one thing Portland does not do, and if they do do buffets they are horrid little places.  I guess Las Vegas is the opposite because this place had some pretty decent food and the price was fantastic for the location as well.We only ate there when we got out of bed for two mornings so I can only talk breakfast. However, there was lunch out there as well.  Tons of food, all tasted fresh, and they always had it full and plenty hot enough.  My inlaws back in the day, used to make us go with them to a Portland buffet and they would have the nastiest food in those big square containers with the boiled water underneath. The food would be crusty around the sides and be overcooked and pretty much canned. The desserts would be things like puddings that had a layer of hardened pudding on the top and you would have cool whip to put over it. There would be the fruit cocktail with the cherries on top and the dried up pizza.. Like I said, Portland does not do buffets.I digress, but I was making a point, sort of a contrast from what I saw here. First, none of those square containers with the boiled water below like a cafeteria was anywhere to be seen. Their presentation was appetizing instead, and the items were things like:smoked salmon, smoked trout, homemade crepes made on the spot with any fruit you wanted them to make for you, root veggies, apricot, prune, mango fruit salad, all kinds of olives, lots of egg choices, and even homemade grits. The servers were friendly and helpful as well.The price for breakfast all you can eat was a good deal, especially since we just did not eat lunch after that meal anyway!  And Las Vegas charges so much for meals!I think Portland could learn a thing or two from the buffet here. There's a niche in this market that's waiting to happen. I mean it's kind of like a brunch and we do that quite well.
2	They had a great selection of food, but not all tasted as good as it looked. I ate a bunch of fruit, some potatoes and some bacon. The other dishes I tried were not great and I didn't finish them. I think for the most part I was upset because of the price. It was $25 per adult and I wasn't able to even come close to eat that much worth in food. I felt like the service staff were nice, but kind of slow. It took a while to get drinks. I wish there were cheaper buffets in Vegas!
3	Selection wasnt top notch but they had plenty to choose from. The crab and shrimp were all served cold. They did have a shrimp roll up in the Asian section I've never had and I wish I started there so I could have had more of them.The other negative is the price. Almost $75 for two with tip. We could have had a better meal almost anywhere for less than that price. Service was good. Plates were cleared (only found one dirty plate on the line when I went for a new plate. Its a huge issue for me and I still give them three stars) drinks were always full. Well done Emanuel. Well done.
2	Ended up here on Saturday night after deciding not to go to the buffet in mandalay due to the wait thereEven though there were only 3 people ahead of us in line at the cashier, it took forever because the cashiers were so slow. The guy who would make sure you would get seated was very nice along with our waiter and the bus people taking old plates. The employees at the food stations were also very nice and approachable. I have to give an extra props to the bus staff though because we never had a build up of old plates because they would be there to take themThe food was decent, but nothing super special other than the new York strip steak and the prime rib. They were the only things worthy in my opinion at the buffet. The prime rib was very tender and moist and tasted great. The new York was very well seasoned, and cooked a perfect medium and was very flavorful. Everything else was pretty bland, especially the desserts. Most of them had very little flavor which upset me because the Oreo cheesecake just tasted like mush, and the key lime tart was also very plain tasting. The one thing that really got me mad about the dessert selection was for MGM advertising as "GRANDer" they didn't even have a gelato bar. Get on the trend MGM, wicked spoon at the Cosmo has it, the buffet at aria has it, cravings at mirage has had it for awhileOverall, I wouldn't come back at the $35 price point. I would much rather go to the wicked spoon buffet or bellagio buffet
3	Good fresh food. Great salad selection with loads of veggies. The breakfast section is grand. We loved the ravioli and veggie pasta. Also, the bite sized deserts are scrumptious, I had the fruit creme brulee...twice :)
3	What do you do in Vegas when one person is a vegetarian and the other person doesn't want to wait for a table?  You go to the Mgm grand buffet.  We bought our ticket at the machine by the door and started our experience.Atmosphere:  Typical buffet I guess.  It's mildly gross watching obese people in scoot- arounds stuff themselves, but what do you expect at a buffet?Food:  In all fairness, the food was not bad.  Plenty of veggie options, and it looked like people were getting a little crazy over at the prime rib and crab legs station.  Worked out good for me, because the salad section was virtually empty!  The desserts were beautiful and plentiful, but flavorless.  They needed to have more flavor.  Service:  I had the nicest man take care of us.  Multiple refills, and quick on clearing our plates.Overall:  It was surprisingly good veggie food for the buffet.  I think most people here are complaining about the price for food quality ratio and I didn't pay, so I can't comment on it.  I would recommend if you can't decide on where to go.
3	MGM Grand Buffet offers a variety of food for an okay price. It would honestly be better to come spend a tad bit more money at Wynn Buffet for more variety and better tasting food.This buffet usually has a very short wait time of about 10-15 minutes. The decor isn't much, just casual and is dark. The service isn't that great either, they just get the job done and do not usually make eye-contact or smile. The food here is alright, just mild and decent. There was nothing that I really remembered other than dessert. All I remembered having was a rich dark chocolate mousse that was quite good. Other than that, the food was decent. There is not much variety compared to Wynn Buffet and the prices are extremely similar.
2	I just didnt have a great feeling after my meal here.  Nothing stood out as awful, but the food wasnt that great, our server was seriously slow, and I didnt feel the selection was that great for the price.  Once was enough for me.
2	I love seafood, every kind and every type. My main thing when I come to any buffet is their seafood stuff and quality in meat. I was shocked with how disappointing the seafood and meat was here. The shrimp was random sized, which made some shrimp overly cooked compared to others. None of their fish even tasted like fish. And their meat?? Full of fat and dry when carved for me. This place needs to take a look at their menu and change some things around! For being MGM, I'd expect better. I'd say hit up aria, or Cosmo for more bang for your buck.
2	I had a comped meal buffet here.This is your typical las vegas buffet. But considering this is MGM GRAND, I really expected better...everything was dry and tasteless. The variety wasn't very appealing.The service was good though, that was about it.
2	I expected so much better from a place like MGM, considering it seemed that there was a lot of thought into everything they've done.But I wasn't really impressed with the buffet here. The food was admittedly fresh, but the flavours just wasn't there, and there was definitely a lack in food variety, considering the price you are paying for it.The waitress service however, i cannot fault, even though at the beginning it seemed a little confusing, as we had to change table 3 times before we got to the one we were supposed to be sitting on.
2	Fair buffet, at best.
3	This was FREE with my hotel stay - for breakfast it was good.  Not WOW, but good.  And BONUS : FREE with hotel stay.Grazers enjoy . . . the troughs where full of pork products, fruit, eggs, cakes, pies, pancakes, ham etc . . . very well stocked for just a breakfast.  Cook to order omelettes ( nom and nom btw ) . . . as well as short order egg orders.Service was very good, something that caught me by surprise - too many times at these Las Vegas free comp breakfasts it is lucky to get a refill on a beverage - the staff was outstanding.  Kudos to them.
3	Btreakfast was good. Not great, but good. we did eat there 3 times for breakfast last week while in vegas. However, Tuesday night is seafood night and I would not recommend it. very poor buffet for dinner, especially when my mother came back to the tabel and told me she saw a guy about twenty something years old touching the food with his hands. beware!
2	Too expensive! Just not a good deal...
3	Ahhhh, breakfast buffets. They just don't make any sense in any other city besides Las Vegas. But here, they make perfect sense.MGM Grand mercifully serves "Brunch" until 4:00 PM on Weekends, just in case you slept in. Which you probably did.Their brunch consists of a pretty nice selection of acceptable breakfast items, including eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits and gravy, oatmeal, cereal, waffles, omlette station, etc. It's all ok, but none of it is amazing. They also offer a lot of their regular dinner stuff too. Slices of turkey breast at the carving station, pasta, salad, Mexican food, desert bar, and quite a bit more. Again, none of the food was amazing, but none of it offensive either. I had a brilliant idea too late to utilize it: breakfast tacos! They had taco shells and a bunch of stuff to make normal tacos with, BUT you could combine that with the breakfast stuff (bacon, eggs, hash browns, etc) and make breakfast tacos! Unfortunately, I had this stroke of genious as I was about to have an actual stroke at the end of the meal, and I couldn't possibly eat another bite. It wasn't the greatest food, and it wasn't the greatest thing for me health-wise, but I won't lie: if I were at the MGM Grand at breakfast time again, I'd be right back in there. I'll be the guy with the breakfast tacos...
2	We've had the MGM buffet before, but I remember having better memories of it (possibly because that was about 5 years ago). For $35, I seriously expected much more. To be fair, if you can calculate the cost of crab legs and eat $35 worth of that, you're set but if you consider the general quality and assortment of other items, then for $35, I've definitely had better, both at buffets and non-buffets. Quite frankly, I think we should have just spent our $35/person and eaten at a finer establishment. Aside from the ubiquitous crab legs and peel-and-eat shrimp (very puny and limp looking), there were:- Smoked salmon, with capers, lemon, and onions- Assortment of cold cuts (e.g. salami) with olives and cheese- Taco bar - Prime rib- Ham- Turkey breast (I think)- Rolls (lots!)- Pizza (pepperoni, combo, cheese, veggie - overall very bready)- Small salad bar - Minestrone soup- Miso soup- Black bean soup- Some kind of pressed flat steak, grilled to order- Dim sum (the wrappers on these didn't look right/firm)- Beer-battered fish (big pieces, though the batter looked very dark and thick)- Tempura shrimp (more like battered shrimp than traditional tempura shrimp)- Chinese food (e.g. broccoli beef or something like that)- Mac and cheese- Fried chicken- Four types of sushi (e.g. faux crab meat California rolls)- Fruit- Assorted desserts (cupcakes, beignets, etc. - generally speaking, it was either overly sweet or bland)- Ice cream/soft serveHonestly, for $35, the MGM buffet is only appropriate for those of you that emphasize quantity over quality. I know I shouldn't expect much from a buffet, but the selection of food (aside from the shrimp and crab legs) is like Sizzlers or Home Town Buffet and both of those charge way less. If this wasn't the MGM, I probably could understand the general lack of quality, but I seriously expected more from the MGM. For those of you that want a buffet in Vegas and didn't care much about the quality, then I would just pick one of the cheaper buffets on the Strip that also includes crab legs and shrimp and call it a day. Of course, if this was discounted or comped with your stay, then by all means, do take advantage of it.
4	I thought the dinner buffet was really good here - they had tons to offer and everything seemed really fresh and delicious, and considering it was about 9:30 at night, that's awesome!  Definitely recommended, as I would go back again!
2	While I enjoy the MGM Grand Hotel/Resort...I am not a huge fan of the buffet. I have tried 3 times and have been disappointed every time. My issue is in comparison, the higher price sets an expectation that doesn't deliver. Most people want to feel like they are getting what they pay for and here just doesn't feel that way. The food does not sit for too long and there is a sizable selection. The MGM group has had deals that included free or cheap buffets and that makes sense....if you're paying for a buffet I would suggest going over to Excalibur.
3	I thought it was decent.Free Champlain
3	A good selection of seafood, and Italian style dishes. Was not impressed with the mountain of defrosting crab legs, I did enjoy the scampi and calamari. The dessert bar is a must try, I usually don't do dessert but it's too tempting.
3	Stayed at the MGM lots of times but never ate at the buffet. This time we stayed at NYNY and decided to come here because my gf saw they had crab legs for dinner.Pretty nice size, not the biggest but what they do have is okay. I hit the crab legs first, got a plate full of cold crab legs which were tasty. My gf said, " oh on the other side in the corner there might be hot ones". So my second plate of crabs were hot. But it was the bottom of the tray and was steamed too long. A lot of it was dry and tasteless. Yeah I preferred the cold legs.The prime rib was blah, not seasoned enough. They had some kind of a braised beef dish, the sauce was good but the meat was a little dry. The best part of this buffet had to be the desserts! It's a small counter area but everything looked good. First things I saw were the cobbler and bread pudding, mmmm couple of my favorites. But I ended up getting neither!!  I picked the keylime pie, blueberry parfait, strawberry tiramisu and this fruit with creme custard thingy. AWESOME DESSERTS!!!The service was also very good. Our waitress was on it, cleaning dirty plates and spot on with refills!!So if you just stick with the crab legs and desserts you won't be disappointed!!
3	"Grand Buffet" is a severe understatement.  Now that being said, the selection that was available for lunch were well prepared.But seriously, for the price, there are definitely better values.
1	If you have a VIP card, you get to cut the line. For being 35+ a person, this place is not the business. They have a good amount of options, but all very meh. To keep it real, the best thing IMO was the salad...which I made on my own. Lol. Even the dessert wasn't all that great. One thing I didn't like was that they don't tell you if the items are spicy. The guacamole I got was actually pretty darn spicy..not that I don't love spicy, but still.My dad got these clams, and he almost started crying because of the spiciness. Warn a brotha!
3	A Mere 3, this place has to drop prices 30+ for just a single person?! I spend  a little more than that for me and my gf! The food is ok some things seem kind of bland while others do have flavor. They have a huge selection of food throughout all hours of the day and I believe on week days it is only about $25 a person, it is worth going maybe on a weekday but stay away on weekends. Can't complain it isnt going to be a 5 star menu as it is a buffet but the food overall is good.
2	2.5 stars.It's overpriced -- the most expensive buffet we had thus far -- and the food wasn't good!!!!!! We went for breakfast, how can you mess that up? But you can. They had LOTS of food, tons of variety, rows and rows of food that looked like they could be good, but when you put it on that plate and sit your butt down and grab your fork....I just can't give it three stars. They got the extra half for the service. Go somewhere else for breakfast - $23 apiece?! ;( Vegas has gotten pricier, but they should step up their food options, though I suppose compared to their super expensive restaurants in the MGM, $23 is quite affordable.
2	Don't go here. There are plenty of other buffets in Vegas within the same price range with better food and service. Our server never showed up, not to mention the food was bland and cold. Tons of variety like others have mentioned but not one dish was worth $35 a person for dinner. You're better off going somewhere else.
2	Way over-priced for what they have. Spend like $10 more and find worlds better at Bellagio
1	We went to the Champagne Brunch this morning.    The deal we got for our room included 2 free buffets.   Thank God for that!    If we had paid $24.95 a piece for what we had I would have been sicker than I was.   The food was terrible.    Everything was overcooked, dry and tasteless.    The only thing that was good was the sliced Tri Tip.   The seasoning was delicious and the meat was so tender.    The dessert selection was so limited.   For the amount of selections there were, it  was a shame it was so disappointing.   If they gave us 2 more free buffets we would not even go back!    Save your money!!
3	The word "buffet" has achieved a bit of a "gross" status with me over the years. My childhood encounters with Ryan's, Golden Corral and Ponderosa became a thing of the past when my penny-pinching father started to loosen his wallet for the likes of Texas Roadhouse (eat as many rolls and peanuts as you can pre-ordering/meal). Yet, on my first visit to Vegas, it only seemed appropriate that we experience a classic casino buffet.  Penny-pinching papa deemed MGM's "to be one of the best" (code language for: "it's the only one I remember from my last Vegas visit). We humored him and played along - $35 per person...for a buffet. All I could think to myself was...hmm... what does a $35 booffet include? Personal filets? A to-die-for cheese board with international cheeses like Manchego and the finest Gruyere? (fully aware that I'm sounding snobby right now, just play along). The buffet lacked the experience I had hoped for - it felt like more of a cruise ship feeding trough than a sit down and enjoy the meal atmosphere.  Maybe it was the lighting? Or the floorplan and style of cheap tables and chairs? Let's call Vegas the City of Gluttony (replacing "Sin City")- in hopes of describing that Icouldhavewornsweatpantstothisbuffet brainwave that I couldn't seem to push out of my mind.The chefs used butter like it was going out of style and by the end of the meal my empty veggie plate looked like the remains of a buttah swimming pool. Meal highlights included the blueberry panna cotta shooters, grilled asparagus, wild rice salad with cranberries and carrots and the smile on my tickled father's face. (Please don't tell him about this review;) The moral of the story: My father was quite pleased with his "one of the best" buffet experiences and we were able to fill our stomachs on once-healthy, now-buttery veggies.
2	STAY AWAY, YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!Big mistake in going to the "Grand" Buffet dinner, nothing but a grand downer.  First of all, they won't take your mlife card unless you use it for slots.  The cashier didn't tell me that, when I went to the Bellagio buffet (big sister property) explained to me where you have to ask for a voucher.  I should have went to McDonalds at the food court instead.For the food, it so not worth the price.  The only thing that is good is the prime rib and ny steak, otherwise, it's a one star.  The crab legs were too salty, smoked salmon was not really smoked, shrimp (for cocktail) was puny.  Don't need to say anymore.
2	Nothing special. They brought me my drinks without a problem.....need to work on their quality of food.
1	Very disapointing, though not without a few good things. 1.  CHICKEN BISCUIT:  Nice-nothing to improve.2. CORNED BEEF HAS:  Excellent3.  COFFEE:  Perfect.The rest was disapointing:1.  SALSA:  A bit Americanized2.  SMOKED SALMON:  Tasted too much of refirgerator burn.  Tried a few different sections-it was not edible.3. PASTRIES:  Mediocre-a bit dry4. HOTLINKS:  Not spicy enough, a bit like cheap hotdogs with a bit more salt.  Real casing, though.5.  PANCAKES:  Sitting too long.AWFUL:  THere was a huge line to pay at the beginning, then another ridiculously slow line to get seated-but here's the punchline.  The place was EMPTY.  Why the lines?  I think there is some little trick they are playing on the public-"let's make them think we are busier than we are".  Or some way to convince people to pay for some sort of VIP status.  Who knows, but it was crazy in a hotel that has such amazing service (I stayed at MGM Signature).  This had to have been a kind of setup.
1	I was so angry from the moment the cashier took my debit card. For more than $70 for two people, this had better be the best buffet in Las Vegas. It's not. There is a wide variety of mediocre food. I will eat almost anything without complaining, but this food was terrible. A lot of it even looked unappetizing, but out of all the things I tried, I wasn't that impressed. Only the chocolate pecan dessert at the end was enjoyable, but not for $70. Overall, they have a couple of good things, but it's just not worth it. If you want to pay a lot of money, there are plenty of other restaurants in the MGM Grand and Las Vegas.
3	I ate here the last time I was in Vegas in 2005 & this place was very good back then.  I visited again now.  It was better before.  There was a much better selection of foods last time.  On the good side, I came here at a little after 9pm & there was no wait (compared to the 2-hour wait at certain other buffets) & the price is $29.99/person, so I don't think there was any higher holiday pricing.  It's a very casual buffet, nothing special.  The food tastes pretty good.  It is much better tasting than the restaurant food chain Hometown Buffet.The arrangement is nice with a few straight aisles of food.  The hostess and waitress were very nice.
1	I would rather go to the food court down the street & have Panda Express.. Service: The workers were really nice and helpful! Consistently came back to check up if we needed anything, so that's definitely a plus. The wait wasn't too long, 15 minutes max when I went on Christmas day in the morning. We were seated quite quickly as well! Price: TOTALLY not worth it.. I came in the morning for breakfast, and PER person it was $44.50. Food: Food was VERY limited and also generally tasted horrible. There's nothing more to it. Save your money and either go to a different buffet or restaurant.
4	My fiancee and I ate here during our most recent trip to town. The wait wasn't that long, less than 20 minutes, and the staff that helped us were nice, including bringing my fiancee a glass of water because she looked flush while we were standing in line. The food was good for a buffet and I was pleased with the selection.I don't get all these negative reviews. Why has Yelp made everyone super picky about food?  "I didn't get a 5 star meal for $10! One star!" The buffet is fine and the prices are in line with all other prices on the Strip.
2	Price was ok (24.99 for brunch). Sushi was meh, potatoes were great.  BUT, no eggs benedict!  On a brunch buffet!  For shame, MGM Grand.  For shame.
3	little pricey for a hotel buffet. Food was good. The place was pretty empty when I was there.
2	Why oh why didn't I listen to the fellow yelpers?! Because I landed in Vegas early in the morning and made the mistake of asking the concierge for places where we could get breakfast.  "The Grand Buffet!" The nice lady at the desk said.  Early in the morning...really chipper...and those rosy cheeks...how could she be wrong?  Oh, she could be very wrong.  The scrambled eggs looked like grated chick peas, ac was pumping so the food on your plate was cold by bite # 3, overall was just not worth the $30 per person.  I have to say, the service was excellent.  Our server took our drink order and brought our drinks right away. And he passed by our table to check in w/us very frequently.  Other than the good service, it just wasn't worth the price.  Just go to the bellagio's buffet instead.
2	I love eating buffets in Vegas and this was the worst I've had.  We had just checked in to our hotel and we were hungry so this was the closest buffet.  It was mid-afternoon and there was no wait.  The place is clean and the service is good but the selection and quality of food needs improvement.  I wasn't the only person walking around with empty plates looking for something to fill it with.  Maybe there wasn't much food because it was lunch.  Perhaps their dinner selection is better but I don't think I'll return to this buffet.Not worth the money.
2	One of the worst buffets I've been to in Vegas. Would not have eaten here if the hotel hadn't comped us. Do yourself a favor and go to Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo or Studio B at the M instead.
5	buffet quality food, but in such a great variety, we stayed for almost 5 hours and kept eating,good dessert and sea food and all sort of stuff.totally worth the money
1	My family and I had a late lunch here on Christmas Day.  There was a good variety of foods for the Christmas Day menu, but flavor was average.  Our waitress never came to check on us and when we needed a refill on drinks, we had to track her down.  Because our waitress never checked on us, our used plates were piling up.  A couple of other waitresses were clearing off a table nearby, so we brought our used plates to them and asked if we could hand the plates over to them.  Their response, "Yah, I guess."
4	I thought it was good for $25... Lots of choice and good quality. Desserts were good which not often the case in buffets. Good option for a late breakfast.
2	Complementary Sunday champagne brunchPros: I love corn and they have tons of that (on the cob, different ways of being cooked, and just roasted corn) so yay ! Desserts were also cute and edible. The most pleasant surprise was the country fried chicken which had a nice crispy skin with a moist inside. Idk how many people go to buffets to eat fried chicken though..Cons: Mimosas had to be picked up at the bar area so they could check your id instead of just letting the server check and bringing it (which is essentially why we tip them right? to bring drinks?) There was no one there to serve the ice cream behind the glass, and the self serve was out. Um.. okay, no ice cream for me I guess. The rest of the food was just blah. Absolutely not worth the $25/person for brunch. It was also pretty crowded so a lot of food kept running out. I'm not sure if they just gave out a lot of free brunches or were people really willing to pay for this when there are much better buffets in the casinos nearby.Oh if you're looking for sushi or any Asian fusion foods - definitely not at this buffet. There was one sushi roll - the california roll.No ceviches, and if you want cocktail shrimp, please peal the little guys yourself. I guess they really take the buffet concept to a self-serve everything level!
4	I don't understand why some people think this buffet is terrible! What on earth do you people eat that they didn't have, and if they had it, why did you think it was bad? My friend and I enjoyed this buffet so much that we went for the brunch a few times and dinner buffet once, during the week of NYE. We got the unlimited champagne and I would highly recommend paying the extra $8 for it. Our server Ruth was the greatest and we requested her two more times that we went. I miss her already! The prime rib was juicy and tender and flavorful, and they had the BEST tortilla chips and pico de gallo with just enough of a spicy kick to it. I could have that particular bar placed in my house and be extremely content. They had pretty much everything you could possibly want and I was happy with the quality. (Sushi was only available during dinner buffets which was a bit of a bummer, but if you want sushi, see my review for Sushi House Goyemon.) I will agree their country fried chicken is very tasty and tender, and chicken is not something I normally want when I eat out. Desserts were generally okay. I'm not much of a dessert person but I must say, they had this little triangular chocolate pecan tart which was so good that I smuggled extras in my bag for later :-O Try one, and have a second for me! They had it every time I went, so I think it is one of their regular desserts. You can even make your own soft serve ice cream cones with toppings at this buffet which is fun. I wish I could eat here every day, alas, I am in Bermuda and won't see this buffet for a long time. I want to cry now!!
3	My wife and I decided to eat breakfast here before heading to the airport to go home. We showed up around 9:30 and began eating breakfast. The BREAKFAST food was tasty and there was quite a variety. However, we ate an entire plate of food before a sever came by to take our drink order. There was no place for self-serve coffee, juice, or water; we looked all over for it.At 10:00am they began putting out lunch food and it was OK at best. We decided to try a variety of items since it was fresh and available but we were unable to take more than a single bite of any of it.If the service and lunch quality was on par with the price of the buffet, this place would receive 4-5 stars from me.
1	I was done with my breakfast before they brought my coffee and orange juice. The service at the buffet doesn't match up to the rest of the MGM Grand, which overall, is a great place to stay while in Vegas. Real disappointing.
3	Went for breakfast in Feb '13....Lots of choices, all pretty good.  Some items seemed maybe to be too hot and overcooked. Standouts were the nice fresh Salmon lox paired with goat cheese which was a nice change from cream cheese .Nice desserts. Also unlimited Mimosa's were great!  About a half hour wait in a line that moved pretty quickly on a Saturday a.m.  Would more than likely go again!
2	Oh my goodness... I hate writing reviews like this, primarily because the place is usually so bad that I can't help but *sigh* through the entire review. *sigh*I would have given it 1 star, but the service was really good... hence the extra star.Not only did the food lack taste, but the buffet lacked variety and most of the food wasn't even warm. *sigh*I usually don't like to throw away food, but I literally took a bite out of each thing and offered the rest to my boyfriend (the garbage disposal). lol Whatever he didn't eat just got thrown away. I actually prefer Hometown Buffet and that says a lot. For those of you that are familiar with Hometown Buffet.... exactly... lolDo yourself a HUGE favor and skip this one.
4	Great buffet and really good coffee this morning. Way too much food for me.
4	Food was DELISH. Some of it was meh,but its a buffet and people have different tastes. Good service,just a little slow and we got out table cleared when getting up!! So did another guy too, but if I were a buster here and the group was gone I might assume they left too, I'm sure it's what people normally do.. So all in all I am happy .fixed up my mini hangover pretty well. Desserts looked scrumptious too.
2	A great place for those with little or no taste buds that wants to pig out! The food is mostly bland. Not worth the 40bucks if you don't have the appetite of of 6 people.
3	The food isn't great but it is a Buffet!!  If your staying at the MGM and don't want to travel all over the strip then it's cool to drop in here but by no means would you travel from another hotel to come here
4	The buffet to end all buffets.  This is what I'm talking about.When you get here, don't let the price scare you:  you'll get your money's worth.  Quick tip:  Skip the rolls and head to the crab claws!Sushi, crab claws, and amazing desserts was the majority of what piled on to my plate when I ate here.  Whether you want Mexican food, seafood, Italian, or Chinese food this is a great place to get a diverse selection of food.  This is espceially helpful if you are traveling in a group (whether it's friends or family) and no one can decide on a place to go eat at.  Why choose one type of food when you can have a variety. After all isn't that what buffets are for? Plus this is a buffet in Vegas. Let me repeat:  all you can eat crab claws.  Oh yes.Don't worry about having to fret about what dessert to get, too.  Most of the desserts I saw were tiny, so you can have a bite of this and a bite of that, before you know it you've tried six different desserts, all of them just a bite full!  This is a great way to indulge without paying the price later with a sugar crash.
2	I am a fat kid at heart, so I love buffets. When I go to a Vegas buffet, I expect a top-of-the-line buffet for $29.95, not a knockoff of the Hometown Buffet.The selection here was rather minimal. They had a dessert bar, a taco bar, prime rib, a salad bar, and a seafood bar. Nothing out of the ordinary in terms of selection or taste.The only thing keeping me from giving this the dreaded one-star review were the crab legs. Oh sweet baby Jesus, they were amazing. They were pre-sliced, so you didn't need a hammer to crack it open. If you've never had crab legs, they are heavenly. It's so easy to eat a few dozen because they are that good.As much as I Ioved the crab legs, I still felt like the MGM Grand's buffet wasn't as grand as some of the other buffets on The Strip -- or even off The Strip. I felt like I just threw away $30, to be completely honest. Never again.
4	For those who wants to see how this MGM Grand buffet looks like, I have recorded a full slow and steady tour of this entire place in HD.   if you guys want to see what they serve for Dinner before you guys dine there, click on the YouTube link to see the a steady tour of MGM Grand Buffet in HD: or go onto YouTube and type "Tour of Mgm Grand Buffet in Las Vegas in HD"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdZIG__tJ34There are a lot of food to choose from. I would rather eat here than at Bellagio buffet because the last time I ate at Bellagio it doesn't seem to offer that much food. There are abundant amount of desserts, but it's located at the far end of the buffet.Overrall, this place is really good. Plenty of jumbo cocktail shrimps and cold snow crab legs. I wish it was steam through.It's best to go at 3:30 and pay the lunch price and get dinner food once it strikes 4pm.As I said before, if you want to see how this MGM buffet looks like watch my video below:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TdZIG__tJ34
3	I've been here a couple times. Decor is nice and open. Clean and relaxed atmosphere. While I feel the food here is decent,  I personally feel it is a bit overpriced for what it is. Service for the most part was good. It ain't up there with buffets such as Bacchanal or Bellagio but it's ok.
2	We should have checked Yelp first... We went for breakfast, mainly out of the convenience of it being downstairs. I love buffets, but this one was SUPER underwhelming, and expensive to boot. Almost $20 for breakfast? We stayed at the Monte Carlo last year, and their buffet was better and less expensive!There was a ton of food - I thought they had a good selection, but nothing was really that tasty. The bacon was all underdone and greasy, the salami/cheese/antipasto table seemed like it had been sitting out for FAR too long, and I grabbed an eggs benedict cup (made of a little sourdough bowl with the egg, etc inside of it) but didn't eat it because the egg looked so undercooked once I was back at the table. The omelet bar was really the shining star, but there was a consistent line of 10-12 people there at all times and we were on a time crunch, so I didn't get a chance to try it out. To be fair, I only had breakfast there, but based on the food I got for breakfast I wouldn't go back. Buffets in Vegas are a dime a dozen, and this one had absolutely nothing special to it.
1	Wow.  You would think that this place would have a warning sign saying "Everything here is great....except the buffet".  This place was remniscent of an old-folks home in the midwest.  Bland, boring, really not good food.  I felt like I was on an all-you-can-eat crap-fest.  Trying to choose the least bad thing there.  Looking back, I should have asked for my money back.
3	Wasn't that bad, but for the price it's 3 stars. 26 bucks for brunch. They do know how to cook bacon. For the price I could of got two Gordon Ramseys burGRs
2	i should have yelpped this before I went. Ugh.Went here for Brunch. One of the worst $30 spent in Vegas. I've had better breakfast experiences at Golden Corral. What do you get for your money? Yesterday's eggos, tired pancakes and plain ol' scrambled eggs that a potted-up college kid could make. The only redeeming feature in the entire buffett was the made to order omlette. Our server was horrible. All you have to do  is take away plates and keep our glasses full and she couldn't even do that. Pathetic.I really expected more out of a buffet at a grand hotel like MGM.Seriously folks, just go to Mon Ami Gabi for breakfast, spend half the price for double the quality and atmosphere.
4	In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. I hit this Buffet at least twice when I stay. One of the best Buffets on the strip. It has every ethnic culture covered, one of the best chefs working and for what you pay is $$$, it's still a good deal. One of the most do things when in Vegas.
4	OK buffet. I was a little surprised by the low ratings on yelp. It was also why when I stayed at MGM Grand, I did not come here. This one time I got food credits from hotel promotions and decided to check this place out. After reading yelp reviews, I did not hold high expectations. Did I enjoy the food? Sure. Do I think it is worth the $$ it charges for? Not really. The selection is good. Good variety. I was pretty happy with my meal and enjoyed the food and drink. The server was actually much more attentive than some other buffets on the blvd. So I guess I understand the low ratings. I don't necessarily recommend MGM buffet because there are lots of other better options in the area. However, if you get free food and beverage credit, then check it out.
3	I loved the dessert table here! It had a large array of options, everything from cheesecake to frozen yogurt to brownies, and most in bite sized pieces. Not all the main dishes looked very appetizing to me, so I didnt eat as much as I could, considering the price point. The desserts were worth it, though! It doesnt compare to other buffets in Vegas (i.e Caesars or Bellagio) and I'll gladly pay 11 more dollars on top of the MGM's buffet to get higher quality food.
4	I'm surprised by the low rating for the MGM Grand Buffet. Sure, it's insanely overpriced, like every other place in Vegas, but the food was good and there was a large selection of items. In particular, I was impressed with the assortment of meats. From the carving table you could chose turkey breast (moist and delicious!), prime rib (amazing!) and tri-tip (decent but not my favorite). There was also made to order steaks and crab legs for the seafood lovers. In the middle sections, there were a variety of side dishes. My personal favorites were the mac and cheese (very cheesy and so much better than any other buffet mac and cheese that I've ever tasted) and roasted potatoes. The salad bar was small for a buffet but I guess paying the higher prices, you'd want to fill up on other things anyway. My friends all gushed about the dessert bar but seeing as my sweet tooth is barely existent, it didn't entice me. There were quite a few choices for those that do like desserts though.Thankfully, my friend and I received a $75 food credit for staying at the MGM and that pretty much covered the Friday dinner buffet. If I were to come back on my own dime, I would definitely try the lunch buffet, which is almost half the price.
1	Worse buffet I have had. The only good part was the dessert bar. Not recommended. Food that was out looked like it had been out for hours.
4	Seriously, negative reviews?!?!? What do the people here think they're getting? You spend half the price as most buffets but expect the same quality? Oh heaven forbid you don't get a Lexus when you buy a Kia!So my review is based solely on the new Weekday Champagne Brunch Buffet... which is the best deal in Vegas. Where else can you get UNLIMITED champagne for $19.99? Seriously! Some of the other reviews on here talk about $30 and $40 brunch? Clearly they don't know where they went because it's $19.99 weekdays.During the week there really aren't lines. I'm an mLife elite, so I get a buffet line pass whenever I'm there so don't have to wait in line. The food selection is average, maybe slightly better than average. The selection for brunch is great, they have breakfast and then the typical lunch stuff. The servers come around to refill the champagne constantly, never ran dry.If you want to spend $40 and pay for drinks on top of that, go to Bellagio, but regardless of the buffet you go to, you're going to fill up, so why not go MGM and spend half as much and get free booze?
5	The staff were all very nice and the buffet was laid out beautifully...
3	We went there this Saturday for the Champagne Brunch. There is a quite a bit of variety and the food is good. It is better than many other buffets, but not extraordinary. The service was friendly and good. Our server kept the mimosas coming and made sure to clear all dirty dishes from our table quickly. I really like their dessert station, miniature portions but everything we had was delicious and we tasted almost every dessert they had. The only thing we had that was not good was the Miso Soup, it was simply bland foggy water with a few pieces of seaweed, no tofu & no seasoning. Overall, it is a lot better than the Palace Station Buffet, but not worth what the MGM  charges. I still prefer the Circus Circus Buffet, greater selection for half the price.  The Paris Buffet is better than the MGM, for about the same price.
4	Best buffet I've ever been to.  Yet! :) I'm surprised by the low rating, but maybe people missed out on the dinner buffet?  In an hour I consumed:Two different types of crab legsShrimpSushiFresh fruitVealChicken 8 waysRoastFishSaladsPastaSpinach dumplingsPizzaPlus all the fixings...The ONLY thing that was lacking was the dessert section.  I wasn't impressed with any of the offerings, though they were all very cutely displayed.  Then again, I was too full of crabs to really care.  The best, by far, has to be the crab.  Oh, the crab!  I must have consumed my body weight in crab, the number of empty legs that were left on my plate!  Someone get me a towel to wipe the drool off my keyboard...
1	So disappointedI have been going there for yearsIt is time to close the buffet and start over as soon as possibleYou lost my business and every one I knowReally people Maybe the staff should try eating it hmm
3	Wound up hitting this for dinner - then doubled down for breakfast two days later.Dinner was a hit for me - crab legs were fat and meaty, prime rib nicely medium rare.  Lots of selections - asian, mexican, continental.  Fabulous dessert bar with really really good ice cream and beautiful little desserts.  Our server was quick to refill drinks and clear platesBreakfast, less impressive, they need to have more than one person preparing eggs/omellettes to order.  Corned beef hash was disappointingly dry.  Fruit selection mediocre.  Biggest hit for me was the yogurt with fat bluegerries/raspberries.  Again, server was very good.Prices were higher than they should be, -1 star for that.  That said, this is probably the best Vegas buffet I've been to in a long time (to me, better than spice market, rio, caesars, big kitchen, dishes, flamingo).
2	We were there for last three years for convention.  For $36 a dinner buffet is in a high end price but the food is not that great.you can find a better buffet for that price.
3	Went here for breakfast.This could be easily be a 2 star because the food was so mediocre. However, under the right circumstances, this place fits the bill. I destroyed this buffet, going back for food 3 times.This is when you should go here:-you're too hungover to walk outside into the 95 deg heat (assuming you're staying at MGM)-you don't care about the tastiness of food offerings-your priority is to fill your belly, drink an impressive amount of water, then go back to bedOn a side note:The hash was cold, the eggs benedict was weird and awful, and the huevos rancheros was blah. Best think there were the simple eggs w ham and cheese.
5	MGM Grand Buffet review (backdated for 6.7.13)Intro: got in quick (buffet-no lines) and got seated by a nice waitress. Got drinks quickSelection: Lots more then something like Ryan's or Golden Corral that's for sure. it had asian, american, italian, desserts, etc. Taste: Most of the items I got tasted good. I did not like the penne pasta though the saue was way too high pitched. I like my pastas to have a low pitch and my pizzas to have a high pitch. This place got both in reverse. The Swai fish was my fav item there. Tasted really good. I had a lot of it. I also liked the "tit ravioli" it really looked like tits. LOL. but it was good. I also liked the turkey and I normally hate turkey. Service: My sister has Celiac disease. She can not have gluten and the chef there was really professional and he was able to show her exactly what she can eat and since he made it he knows how it was made. Very nice. Buffets are next to impossible for her and this was awesome for her to be able to partake in a buffet. Overall: Highly recommended and very good. pricey though. Overall rating: 8.9/10
3	While staying at the hotel for a technical conference, I went to the buffet one time for breakfast.  The buffet is rather pricey, starting at $20 for breakfast to $35 for dinner.  Though, by Vegas standards, it isn't terrible compared to what meals cost at other restaurants.  I will say that the selection and quality of food available at the breakfast buffet was impressive and I had no trouble finding a lot of good (taste wise, anyway) options to choose from.  For the convenience factor as much as selection and relative price, I found the buffet to be a good option for breakfast if you are looking to make a big meal out of it.  Otherwise, there are options in the food court where you can pay a good bit less for a more targeted selection of breakfast items.
3	I love the MGM but haven't had their buffet so I decided to give it a shot before I saw Zumanity.Decent selection and great hospitality, doesn't make up for $35 dollars.  I feel even though the buffet has a decent selection it is not on the big scales or Caesar's and Cosmo's buffets.  A little over priced for something simple doesn't make a buffet great.  I had probably the best crab legs I ever had there but that was it.dp
3	There was a lot of food, but nothing was really great. Well the desserts were. It's overpriced and it took forever to get something to drink.
3	It was about $28 per person, but that only included the buffet & non-alcoholic drinks. This buffet was mediocre. Nothing was outstanding, nothing was horrible. It was just mehhhh
4	Overall I was very pleased although I only drank the Mimosa's, IDK what else they had....  @ $26 for lunch buffet at a place like MGM, I would expect a rate and quality to be about this. Food quality was above average and choices were great!  Unlimited Mimosa's was awesome and our server was Hilarious!! Atmosphere was pleasant and IDk what else to say, its an above average Buffet with quality food. Ony thing to make it better would be to have a grill set up for grilled items over all, I'd def. come back!
4	I seriously don't get why this place has such low ratings.  We had the champagne brunch, it was our first meal in Vegas with a best for last mentality and it turned out to be the best meal we had during our 5 day trip.  It beat out Craving at the Mirage and our fancy Mon Ami Gabi anniversary dinner.  Of course the atmosphere is pretty boring but as long as you have good company who cares.  The food I choose to eat was good.  My husband who has completely different food tastes than mine choose what he would enjoy the most and also agreed it was the best meal out of all that we ate on our trip.
3	Nothing really bad or good to state about MGM's. A stay in their West Wing or loungey whatever it's called last year, 2 buffets were included. We came during a late breakfast hour, such that we were still eating when they started to dish out lunch items. Satisfying for the one who just wants to get full. But it ain't no Wicked Spoon or Aria Buffet....let's get that straight!
3	I'm usually very picky about buffets because I prefer quality over quantity but MGM's buffet was alright and I was surprised. Everything tasted fresh and was pretty appetizing. However, I had a little over an hour wait...but it's Las Vegas, so what do you expect?
3	its compped.. get some.. if not?  go elsewehre
3	The reason I came, was because I was had two free dinners. I have been here before....about a year ago, literally the same exact menu...  Can't they change it up a little? Food was meh...The sushi wasn't terrible, for being commercially made.
4	This would not have been one of our choices of places to eat in Vegas, but we got two complimentary buffets with our room bookings. We came in for the champagne brunch and were pleasantly surprised! Everything we had was delicious. I especially loved the dessert selections! Our waitress, Donna was very attentive and friendly.
4	Went for brunch.  It was $20 a person which wasn't bad for the huge spread they put on.  They had all sorts of food options.  American, chinese, greek, and a HUGE desert bar.  All the food I tried was tasty.  Better than any buffet from my home town.  The wait staff were very friendly and helpful. At the end of the day, its a buffet, the food is never five star, thats the point.  But the food IMO was a solid three and a half, but the desert was an easy four stars and the staff was four stars as well.  That is why this place is getting four stars.  But if we could, it would be a 3.66 lol.
4	It was great, people complain to much, beast steak I've had in a LONG while and I'm not a steak lover, I would have given it 5 stars but no desert buffet with soft-served ice cream should be void of hot chocolate syrup. But the crab legs were nice :-)  The only reason people probably complain a lot is bc it's 40$, but it's Vegas, what do you expect? You're not going to get 5 star food at a buffet, it's buffet food.
4	Buffets are always good. Nothing extraordinary, but it was delicious. Variety of foods to choose from, so go eat it. If you are in vegas, you definitely need to have at least one buffet. I would recommend trying this one out, as they have tons of options, and very good service.
4	I feel like MGM Grand Buffet is really a hit or miss for most people. I personally love it. I've never left feeling like I was unsatisfied. This isn't the case with some other people I've talked to. Maybe I just came on the right days. Their food is pretty fresh, but I always avoid anything that I could get at a Panda Express. This being said, everything else is delicious and is replaced quickly. Thanks to MGM's buffet vouchers, I've been here about 3 times and for some odd coincidence, I've always been seated at the same side table facing the dessert. What is with that?
5	Surprisingly better than Bellagio Buffet. Had a vast selection of different types of food to pick from unlike Bellagio. The Seafood was fresh, the roast rib-eye was delectable, and the Dessert bar was to die for. I went here for Breakfast with my group and another day for Dinner. In both occasions we were impressed by the magnitude of dishes to pick from. There was numerous dishes for every palate in my group.
2	Tonight my family and I dined at the MGM Grand Buffet, complimentary buffet thanks to New York New York. I must say this buffet was far from Grand ... It wasn't that great at all. I am glad i didn't spend $86 of my own money. This buffet needs more kid friendly food. My daughter had fried chicken, slice of pizza, vegetables, salad. As I walked around the buffet, I noticed they had minimal selections of food. The woman working the carving station in charge of the prime beef, turkey, and sausage seemed brand new! I watched her cut slices of prime rib, they would splash onto the cutting board & the juice from the meat splattered over 2 customers onto their clothes. The prime rib was under cooked, the turkey slices were cut too thick, & were dry. I ventured over to where the crab legs & shrimp were located. The crab legs looked decent, but I didn't have any. The shrimp .... Oh my goodness ... I can't believe this hotel served this fishy, smelly, old shrimp to their patrons. The shrimp was brown, smelled really horrible, & had white dots on it ... (Please see the picture of the old shrimp I uploaded) ! I know what OLD shrimp looks like & they had a whole big tray full of it ... People were grabbing them by the spoonfuls ... Ick I was getting ill ! The desserts were decent. They have a delicious Oreo cheesecake, chocolate cupcake, and carrot cake. The servers wait staff was pleasant, but didn't attend to us very much. Would we come back here for bland food & old shrimp ..... NO thank you.
2	I came here for breakfast, mainly because we had 2 complimentary buffet tickets as part of staying at New York New York, and MGM was just a bridge walk across the street. We arrived a little before 11 AM on Saturday morning and didn't have to wait all that long to get in - after getting through the first line (for the register) and the second line (waiting to get seated), we probably were all seated within 10 minutes. Since you serve yourself, there's not much to discuss in that arena, although the waitresses are very keen on refilling your champagne glasses without even asking if you want more...I would imagine it's quite easy to get yourself quite loaded before the morning is even out.As for the food - most of it is standard brunch fare, but a great deal of it isn't all that fresh. The bacon was all over the map -  some pieces were too chewy, other pieces were overly crisp. Scrambled eggs were okay, if not terribly fluffy given how long they were sitting there. While I liked the flavor of the corned beef hash, it was way too dry. The tiny biscuits were good, but again - some were too dried out from sitting under hot lights for who knows how long. The spicy Polish sausage was probably the best thing I ate here, but that's not saying much - I've had better (and fresher) sausage elsewhere.If you get your meal comped, you may as well show up. Otherwise, I'd probably stick with seeing what a traditional breakfast joint in Vegas would be like. If anything, it reminds me of why I haven't been at buffets in a long time (aside from encouraging me to stuff my face more than I should).
4	Shhh. The key is to go here around 3:30pm just before dinner. You will get charged for Lunch which is a couple of dollars cheaper. Just stay until dinner starts and let the fun begin! Lol. The choices were pretty good. Lots of traditional American dishes, Pastries and salads. The desserts were amazing as well.
4	For hotel buffets, this is one of the best I've had in Las Vegas!  Good selection and the quality seemed to be up there!  Moderately priced at $30.00. The desserts were very good as well as the tri-tip roast.  Service was very friendly.
2	Had free breakfast here after a long night of drinking, and the bacon and waffles were delicious! Eggs tasted like styrofoam and everything else was super salty. Not terrible, but it costs $20/person if you don't have free vouchers...not worth that much in my opinion.
3	Went for the brunch Saturday morning and the line wasn't too bad at 11am. I noticed upon exiting that they have some self pay kiosk terminals that would be beneficial when lines long.They have an omelette station and I got two eggs over easy. I recommend this over the egg mix they use for omelets, or powdered eggs for scrambled.  In the other breakfast area they had potatoes and Portuguese sausage. I then found the salmon lox, capers, onion and made a killer croissant sandwich. No bagels? Finished up with some fresh fruit and Greek yogurt. A lot of stuff looks good, but it wasn't according to my friends. There aren't any high end items like prime rib, crab legs, or lamb.  It's a solid 2.5 stars or 3, but watch what you eat and you can enjoy your meal and not feel like a slug the rest of the day.
2	Pretty much an average Las Vegas buffet.  Arrived at 1 for the Brunch buffet and had to wait about 10 minutes to get a table, even though there were a large number of empty tables ready to bussed.  Food is generally fresh but unspectacular.
5	I was a little worried because of all of the negative reviews I saw on here, but you do learn a lot from all the negative reviews. Generally speaking, I get to learn at least the food items offered.We arrived at 3:30 right at the transition from brunch/lunch to dinner.All food was fresh and tasty. Nothing was really left untouched.Sushi rolls were good for buffetSmoked salmon was nice, plentiful, and just right temperatureShrimp of course was yummy and not fishyThe cooked fish (both lunch and dinner varieties were delectable The desserts were plentiful in variety and small enough that allows you to try without looking like a glutton.I'm glad this was my first Vegas buffet experience, because my second trip to a different buffet with much better yelp ratings was horrible, more expensive, and just really truly the pits!!Good one, hats off to the grand buffet.
1	Price was $38.00 for dinner.  All of the food was dry and way over salted.  For the money food should have been much better and there should have been a much larger and better selection.   Do not waste your money here.
4	Really great steak and desserts.  expensive.  good thing i had coupons and tickets with the free buffet to rooms
4	First off it was free,  second it was pretty good, not the best but will do.
3	Very good selection and quality. Breakfast items were fresh and flavorful and he Mexican side had delicious fajitas and chile Colorado.
3	Had a great selection of food but about average.  Was fast to get in and out. The service was friendly. Did the Brunch selection. At least it was convenient and the dessert portion was my favorite.
3	Decent breakfast buffet. I liked the omelet station. Some stuff was fresh and others tasted like they had been out a while. But decent selection for $15. Ours was free with our hotel stay.
2	Food was boring. Overpriced brunch. Bad service.Waitress was talking with a friend instead of helping guests.   Messed up our drink order multiple times.   Hostess waited for several guests to gather before seating us which took several minutes.Food quality: 4/10Food selection: 3/10Service: 3/10Cleanliness: 8/10Ambiance: 6/10The wicked spoon buffet in the cosmopolitan is much much better on all counts.
3	Ok buffets are not my thing but quite honest I had to try this one.  My friends suggested it, we went.  Don't stand in line, buy your way in at the kiosk that is to the left of the line to pay.For $27.99 you get all the champaign you can drink! Let's face it, two mimosas and breakfast will cost you that amount.The buffet is full of great items including smoked salmon, shrimp, waffles, made to order omelet, desserts, Mexican food, and many other items! I loved the fresh fruit, salad bar, and peel and eat shrimp!The champaign is free flowing.  The staff is very attentive and come by often. There is not a time limit on how long you can stay but don't over due it! No doubt there are a number of buffets in Vegas but this is not a bad deal for a couple of hours to kill.
2	We went to the MGM Grand Buffet last week in Vegas.Some folks I knew said it was great -- but it was nothing special.I have had better food at other buffets for sure.Yes -- it does have a good variety - sushi to hot meats and breakfast items, but things like the fried chicken did not look great and the desserts offered lacked variety (IMHO), and were nothing special.  We went on the Sunday, so I thought it would be really great, but not so.For 24.99 a head, believe me -- you can do sooooo much better elsewhere.
4	Not just your average Las Vegas buffet for breakfast. Yes, I'm sure the scrambled eggs are powdered, but the omelet station did not disappoint. Plenty variety when it comes to breakfast meats and a wide assortment of fruits and pastries.  The prices is a little high or I'd went with 5 stars, but hey, it's Vegas...
4	This is only my second yelp review & like the first, I'm beginning this one with "I don't get all the horrible reviews" Lol!Anyway, I was here on a Monday at about 6pm. No wait, just paid and walked right in. I do agree that they do not have very many options here. However,  all of what I had I enjoyed & I'm pretty sure I had a little bit of everything. Lol. The ribs & mashed potatoes topped with bacon were soooo good! This is only the second Vegas buffet I have been to. So far, my favorite. I would definitely recommend it to a friend.
3	Just another average buffet on the strip. It is a little pricey. The food is not horrible, it is not great either. I wouldn't go again.
4	More like a 3.5 or a C as to say Average. Ok, so let's start by saying that Buffets in general are not a good Value unless you eat like a pig. However, for me, it was free since I have loyalty points, otherwise you'll spend $26 for weekend champagne brunch. With that said, if you are staying at the hotel, or like many options, its not bad. you could do worse (excalibur). I do like that I can try many things, multiple glasses of champagne, however, I tend to stick to the basics... which is safer and I know I'll like it.
4	Why such low ratings?! This buffet is definitely underrated. After having the most epic bachelorette celebration the night before, it was necessary for us to refuel for the trip back to Cali. Since we were staying at the Signature and couldn't bear to mission it anywhere else for brunch, we decided to go to the buffet at MGM. It was awesome that were no lines and we were immediately seated. Though I was definitely hurting from the 6 bottles of drank that we killed the night before, I managed to appreciate the quality of the brunch selections. I loved how I was able to satisfy my hangoverness with different plates of breakfast and lunch items. Overall, if you're in the MGM and looking for a variety of things to eat then definitely check this buffet out.
2	So I was in Vegas over Thanksgiving week and we were going to go to the Bellagio buffet on Thanksgiving day. There was a 3 hr wait. We decided to go to the MGM buffet being that we were going to the David Copperfield show at the MGM that night. There was no wait....... For a reason. It was well below average. I thought it was a level above Sizzler. I don't expect much from Sizzler but I do expect more out of a huge hotel like MGM. Food was dry, bad low end choices. It has variety but quality lacks. The weirdest thing is that all the meats were scattered everywhere. Most buffets I've been to have stuff grouped together accordingly... Not this buffet! The buffet was $40 but should have been $20. It you're not worried about quality, this buffet is for you. You probably have a better dessert choice at home.
1	NEVER AGAIN!!! On Tuesday November 26, 2013 about 6 pm I decided I was hungry and decided to try thy the "Grand Buffet: what a mistake.I figured it only started serving dinner less than an hour ago so food should be fresh and it shouldn't be very busy. WRONG!!!!Had them charge the buffet to my room then realized I was like 20th in line. OK after 10 min. wait I was seated. Did a walk around because the buffet is grand in size and did like what I saw, everything looked old and dried out. Asked for a refund and was told NO. I had been seated. Told I could talk with a manager but no one was there and would have to wait.A guest in line over heard me and asked why I wanted a refund I answered and was then told by the cashier that I could not be up front complaining to other guests that I needed to leave or she would call security. In hindsight I should have had her call security.Went back to my table decided to eat and wait. FOOD WAS OLD tasting, like it had been on the steam table for hours.
2	People are right about this place. Overpriced and disappointing. We paid $41 per person for the meal and it was definitely NOT worth of the money. It was about golden coral quality + snow crab legs. Oh well I'm done with buffet binge eating now between MGM and wicked spoon ruined my appetites
3	At $35.99/ person, we were completely underwhelmed.  The decor looks like an old Country Buffet, especially when you compare it to the rest of the flashy MGM. Based off the yelp reviews, I went in with low expectations anyway... But I was hoping for the best because we were staying in the MGM Signature Suites and really wanted somewhere close and on the way to a show @ NYNY. My favorite things there were the prime rib and the grilled asparagus. Everything else was pretty overcooked. And why so many hot plates at the desert bar where most of the items are chilled?Meh for the $$.
4	I found the MGM Grand Buffet to be excellent.  I'm a bit surprised at the low reviews.We went for the brunch on a busy Sunday on Thanksgiving weekend.  We were seated about 5 minutes after paying for our meal.The decor is bright, and the seating design is average.  The buffet is laid out with may rows of food including a carving station, omelette station, and a dessert station.I found a huge variety of food, everyting was filled and was very visually appealing.  The drink service was attentive.  The food tasted awesome.  We both thought the food was tasty; however, agreed that the desserts were even tastier.  This area seemed to be the best of the best.  Would definitely return to this buffet again.
1	The only reason I came here was because I got a free dinner buffet pass from MyVegas.  Unfortunately, my experience was not memorable.  The only decent thing was their prime rib.  I feel like the whole experience made even the soda taste bland.  I would have been quite upset if I actually paid the $35.99 price tag.It's really unfortunate that this great hotel/casino with so many other great restaurants offers such a let down buffet.  I know I won't be going back unless there's an overhaul of the restaurant, starting with the carpeting...
3	Formally called, "The Oz Buffet," the MGM Buffet is a step lower than the Bellagio, Wicked Spoon, and Bachannal Buffet.  To me, it looks like an upscale Hometown Buffet with premium eats.  I bought a comp buffet pass from playing MyVegas and decided to give it a try since I'm always eating in the pricey buffets. The Buffet is located right on the left side of the casino by the strip entrance and across from Rain Forest Cafe.My buffet pass was only good for lunch and I made it a mission to make it all the way from the Cosmopolitan on time before they switched to dinner. =DThe food they serve here is typical in any other Vegas Buffet, like: Italian, Asian, Mexican, Seafood, Meat Station, Middle Eastern, and Japanese. Overall the food was just average and the customer service was on top of it's game. The surroundings weren't fancy or eye catching, just plain boring. No, "Wow Factor" at all.I expected better from MGM, since it's one of the biggest hotels in the Las Vegas and the world. They need to step up their game or they'll just end up being mediocre, like the Excalibur and Luxor Buffets. I'd sure eat here again, only if it were free.
2	Had my husband and I actually paid to eat here, I would have been mad. This casino property is one of the largest on the strip, and their buffet is the smallest I've ever seen. Much of the food did not even appeal to me, and what I did choose to put on my plate, I did not even finish. The food variety and quality is definitely lacking here. The way the lines are set up to enter the buffet are confusing and cluttered too.  We stood in line for about 30 minutes without even moving an inch at one point. All that waiting for blah food. It was worth what we paid... free.
1	I really wish I had checked Yelp reviews before eating here for breakfast. Poor selection, poor quality food and waaaay overpriced.I read a lot about how buffets in Vegas are totally different from what they used to be, long gone are the days of mediocre food but apparently MGM Grand Buffet didn't get that memo. Not good at all. Service was fine and staff were friendly enough (although it's self serve). The decor was very much an highly overpriced version of Old Country buffet . The food was just bad. We ate breakfast here and the options were very limited and of very poor quality. Most of the food looked as if it had been sitting there for a long time all of it very dry, nothing was fresh. It all tasted cheap and terrible. It reminded me of those crappy complimentary breakfast spreads that low cost motels put out.I was wondering why so many people were showing up to eat there and after reading the reviews I realize why- they were probably all eating for free. Unfortunately, we not only paid for this subpar experience but paid dearly for it- around $50 with tip and that was the early bird special! Avoid this place at all costs, even if you can eat there free. What an unfortunate blemish on an otherwise fantastic experience at the MGM.
3	Thank you MyVegas for another comp meal!I vowed never to come back to the MGM Grand Buffet after getting sick a few years ago. But this time I found myself with a comp dinner buffet and no one to have dinner with. I easily got my voucher at the mLife desk and walked over to the buffet. I flashed my Pearl card and was able to by pass the lines. Then came the sad part (1)...I stood in the VIP line next to the group of 6+ or whatever, so everyone could see me alone. The hostess asked me how many people, and I raised one finger. She looked at me confused and then whispered into her microphone. A nice gentlemen came by and took me to my table for four, as the music over the stereo sang, "all by myself....don't want to be...all by myself...anymore" haha. Great comedic timing. Anyway I felt bad taking up a table for four when there were all these other people in line but I trekked on to the buffet line anyway.There's a ton of salad options and hot foods from BBQ themed to Asian cuisine. None of it was outstanding, a bit bland or over cooked from sitting out too long. There were crab legs in the ice bar section but the steamed ones next to the carving station was better. The rib roast was pretty good. And sadly my favorite was the nachos...I don't know why, nachos just make me happy.Sad part (2), as I'm walking back from the second lap at the buffet table, I was confused that a family of four was sitting at my spot. I walked around thinking, maybe I got the location wrong, but I wasn't. I finally found my server and he said he thought I was done because I had A plate. I begin questioning myself if I've had too much food already haha, but he finally found me another table after I stood in the center of the dinning room being starred at by multiple families.To wrap up this story, the desserts weren't very good BUT the three gelato they had were AMAZING. I asked the lady for small scoops of each but she decided to make me a sundae. Oh well...it was all good. No stomach sickness after this trip, but if I were to pay full price for this meal, I would've been pretty disappointed. Spend a few bucks more and go to the Bellagio.
3	This really is an average place with OK food - nothing bad, nothing great - and you don't pay too much for it. Since we stayed at MGM Grand Hotel we went to this buffet on a number of occasions and got a pretty good idea of the place.I can't understand people who say the buffet is overpriced. What are you comparing it to - some local all you can eat buffet in Alabama? Compared to the other Vegas strip hotel buffets MGM is on the cheaper side. For example they're asking $36 for dinner, while Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan) charges $50 and Bacchanal (Caesar's) charges $60 for dinner. That's a huge difference when you're a party of 4 or more.The great thing about MGM is that there's no long wait. For example Bacchanal had a 5 hour waiting list on the 24th and shortest line this week that we saw was about 1,5 hours. I'm really not prepared to wait that long in line to eat, no matter how good the food is. The same long line story goes for most of the buffets on the strip. In MGM the longest we waited was for 15 minutes and that's a great perk when you're hungry!The service is really uneven. The first time we got this great waiter who kept bringing us champagne until we were quite tipsy before 12 pm. But usually the staff had so much to do and run around that we really didn't get good service. It seems they're understaffed.All in all if you're hungry on the Strip, don't want to wait for a long time, don't want to pay too much and you're not far away then this place satisfies your needs.
3	Great variety of not-so-great food. There are much better meal options in the area.The desserts looked fantastic although it tasted as though they were missing all sorts of sugar, spice, and anything nice. I'm generously giving it 3 stars for the variety although that should be assumed since it is a buffet.Yikes MGM.**I should note that this review is long overdue since I ate there almost 6 months ago so maybe the quality of the food has improved since then.
2	Stayed for dinner yet wish I didn't. There wasn't a decent amount of variety. For the price you could go to any other buffet and enjoy yourself. The mexican section was hidden away in a corner. I could see why with your typical chicken fajitas and ranchero beans. Dessert lacked as well. I could barely taste any flavor from anything.
3	Probably one of the last things in the MGM that needs renovation.The price is pretty low compared to other buffets, but you're probably better off spending more and seeing better quality at the higher end buffets like the Bellagio or the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's.The lighting and decor is a bit dismal, which contributes to a rather old feeling atmosphere.  The food is fine ... nothing wrong with it, but the selection isn't exactly wow either.I don't have a problem with the food since the price is lower, but the overall look of the place just doesn't fly in this day and age.
2	The worst part of MGM. Will never come again. The prime rib and fish were the only thing can enjoy, the salmon made me even not sure what I was eating.
2	Boo.Almost everything containing meat is dried out, overcooked, and over seasoned.  We had a $50 dining credit to use at MGM so I wasn't too upset that the buffet sucked since we didn't pay full price.  And I'm SUPER glad that kids 4 and under are free because this is a really kid-UNfriendly buffet.  No chicken tenders? No fries? Come on, kids live for that stuff! The fruit selection wasn't even very good, so our kiddo ended up eating cheese slices for dinner.Now, after that glowing review, you're gonna think I'm nuts when I say we went back for breakfast, and you would be right.  We had a long trek from tower 3 at The Signature at MGM Grand and we woke up late.  We were gonna try to hustle our booties over to anywhere but here, but we realized that if we walked we would miss it.  Oh well.  Breakfast was a little better, though, since they had more to offer.  But again, the meats were overcooked, dried out, and overseasoned.  OH WAIT! That's because they were serving the EXACT same things they served the night before!  This time, though, they added fluffy scrambled eggs that were weirdly wet for some reason, cheap bacon, and stale cereal.  My daughter did enjoy the pancakes and blueberries, and I enjoyed the time when it was time to leave.  Two stars - one for the friendly staff, and one for the pecan tart at the dessert station.
3	The Breakfast buffet was descent.  It had everything you would expect or need for breakfast.  I did not take advantage of the guy making omlettes but they looked good.
2	I think I tried almost every buffet in Vegas.  First of all, I typically am not a fan of buffet.  Scooping up average bulk fare that's been sitting in a bin forever is not my idea of good food. But since buffet are popular and easier choice when you're with large groups, I find myself in them every once in a while.  Having been to other buffets, this one is at average at best.  There was nothing great or delicious.  I just cannot see myself coming back unless they make some improvements on the dishes.
5	I need to contradict all these bad reviews, we ate at this buffet by accident and I was hesitant because of the bad review I had read on yelp but we went to try it anyways. What an amazing surprise, the prime rib was some of the best I've had, and I've had it at many places around the country, the sausage was also excellent. The crab legs were great, although some were a tad salty; the selection is great with 8 lines not including the awesome dessert line.  I will return.
4	We had 2 free buffet passes from playing myvegas so we went before seeing KA. We really enjoyed it not sure why all the bad reviews. They had cooked to order steaks which were great and tons of other choices. I didn't care for the desserts that much. I would go back even if I had to pay.
4	Why does this place have such bad reviews?Their food is DERISHOUS?!?!?!Hehe. Came here twice in 2 days cause it was legit. Why is it legit you ask?1. It's not as expensive as other over-hyped buffets 2. The wait is never too long. They have:- salads and greens - hot food (pizza, mac&cheese, asian noodles, chicken, ok the standard buffet food options)- fruits section- pastries section with toaster to toast your ish (muffins, scones, bagels, etc)- small selection of sushi- mexican-style food section- omelettes made on-order- grilled meat section- for brunch they had the whole waffles, pancakes, and all that section- They have a separate dessert area which isn't too extravagant but its doableYou can choose between soda, champagne, or mimosas with no extra charge. (the mimosas weren't that great though)Overall I would definitely come here again!
2	No. With all of your other options in Vegas for buffets (Wicked Spoon, Bacchanal), this just doesn't cut it. Food was dry, sitting out too long, and the cheaper price attracts a ...cheaper crowd...if you know what I mean. You're in Vegas, spring for the good buffet!
4	Decent buffet thats pretty reasonably priced. I was with 7 buddies and we were celebrating a friends 22nd birthday so we were trying to get hammered off the bottle less mimosas. Our server just made the best of the situation and tried to have fun with us so we left her a generous tip. We each much have had 15 mimosas and a couple glasses of champagne. They were great to us. The food was good, nothing special. They have smoked salmon and bagels which is great for a buffet.
3	The food was delicious a lot to choose from. Would have gotten higher star except for the fact that we went Sunday for the Champagne Brunch and asked for mimosas and they were warm. They did not have the champagne or OJ on ice. It was per-made in pitcher just sitting out on a counter. yuck....
3	nothing spectacular. i guess its ok if you happen to have comped buffet tickets to here or you have no choice at all. food was ok. service was great though.
2	Came here with a 2-4-1 MyVegas coupon for brunch so the price was great, but the food was okay and service was spotty at best. Large assortment for brunch, especially for dessert. The sushi before 10am freaked me out so I steered clear. Nothing was all that memorable from this meal except for the poor service (I had to get up and ask the waiters standing around chatting to get a refill on drinks).
4	Great food (minus the pizza.. Dough was chewy)Great service (staff was friendly and efficient at picking up plates and refilling drinks!) Great prices (we had a 2 for 1)The interior was nice. Casual but not too casual.Overall had a great time.Check it out!
5	Ate here twice this trip, once for Saturday morning brunch and Sunday evening dinner and both times the food was delicious! The prime rib and brisket were juicy and tender. The Crab legs, baked chicken mashed potatoes and were also pretty good and had me going back for more. The pizza was okay. I could have eaten an entire mean just of desserts they were so good. The even had real ice cream, the kind they scoop into a cone for you. The brunch was very busy but the server still took care of us. When we went for dinner it wasn't as busy and the server was awesome.... He was constantly bringing us refills and even suggested some coffee to go. Overall we would recommend this buffet
1	For the price I paid. I want a better food. The good is about average. Nothing good about this place. Crab legs are ok. Fishes are salty.Chicken is no taste. Pizza is suck. Soup is awful.Sushi not fresh. Sashimi is not fresh and good. I have had better buffet with cheaper price.
3	The food selection is vast, but very standard quality. Would have rather fewer options and better quality,  as MGM buffet seemed to have a quantity over quality problem.  The service was awesome though, especially for a buffet! Margarita, our waitress, was super attentive and kept the mimosas flowing and didn't judge us for drinking them too quickly.In short, I had a decent omelet, and some fruit and veggies, that left me full for hours! I also left with a good buzz from those delicious mimosas so I could hit the strip with confidence!I should note, I had a free voucher so I wasn't expecting much. Would I return and pay full price? Probably not, but sign up and play MyVegas and you can redeem points and go for free... because who doesn't love free champagne?!  Oh, and in case you're wondering, my favorite buffet is at the Bellagio.
4	How odd. I thought the M Hotel Studio B buffet was mediocre and the reviews were great. I think the MGM is top notch and no one hardly agrees. I went during a local conference for lunch and thought it was amazing! I love places that offer a variety of fresh cold and hot vegetable dishes! The food was bright,  fresh, and smelled wonderful. The culinary knife skills presentation was great. (Nice tourne's) and I was impressed at how GRAND it was. I really didn't have time to try everything. I plan on coming back for dinner in 2 months.
5	Excellent selection and value!  They take the time to quality check what is set out and care about presentation and overall appearance.  A++
1	Food and service not commensurate with the price.  Not what we remembered from 10 years ago.  Not recommended and never coming back.The food was generally bland, not very warm.  The service was extremely slow.  Perhaps they are understaffed?
2	I knew right away this Buffet is NOT MGM's top priority after I saw 3 kinds of fake scrambled egg dishes. Processed eggs/ liquid eggs that comes in a big box or plastic bag aka "fake eggs".Totally brought me back memories eating them in Freshman year in college. Gross!They had...Plane fake scrambled eggsfake scrambled eggs with shredded cheese and fake scrambled eggs with onions and bell peppers...COME ON!They had an omelette station though, but I'm not sure if they use real eggs. I didn't even bother to look.Besides the fake eggs, the food selection was pretty basic and plain. I mean, compare to the other buffets I've tried in Vegas like Bacchanal, Wicked Spoon and The Buffet at Wynn,  it was a big disapoinment. Nothing I'd come back for, that's for sure.The only food I liked were the chicken sausage, smoked salmon, mac and cheese,  prime rib and bread pudding. Stay away form the sushi rolls. Hard rice and smelly fish, oh goodness! Good thing it was complimentary by MGM because I would never pay $26.99 (Weekend brunch) for this kind of food. Yeah, they gave us free food for the inconvinience we experienced in our room. I still have to do a review about it.
4	i'm not a huge fan of buffet style food.  But I must admit, i was blown away at the amount and quality of food that was served.  Food selection can vary from Mexican, sushi, mash taters, fried chicken, bacon, enchiladas.  Carving station with prime rib n brisket, omelet station.  Desert bar.  Great service, staff was friendly and efficient at picking up plates and refilling drinks.  I am looking forward to my next visit here.
2	Since our last visit, the quality has gone a bit downhill. There is still plenty there that is tasty, but there was some rib concoction that was really meatloaf and all the pork was overcooked.Also, the server we had was the worst in Vegas. We had to ask three times for a cup of coffee to start and we we asked for milk for some cereal, our server said okay and we never saw her again. Our server was a zero!I'm not sure if we will be back. We were disappointed.
3	Came in here for a breakfast, the day we were leaving which was a monday morning.It wasnt crowded at all, few minutes wait and we sat down.Food selection, well it was breakfast so it could not be loaded, still just an ok selection so was the food quality. People that worked there were very nice, but atmosphere was just as everyone was ok with the food, noone really seemed to enjoy it.Will not be going to this one again.Thanks
2	You're going leave feeling full but that doesn't necessarily mean the food is that great. To break it down, I'll explain why I gave this buffet 2 stars.The first star was for the selection and variety of food, from Sea Food to Mexican food to yummy deserts. The second star was for the service. Our waiter was very attentive and helpful. Here is why I don't particularly care for this buffet: This place was WAY overpriced. $30 per person for dinner. That price would be acceptable had the food been fresh, warm, tasty, and cooked well. The coffee was awful. It tasted like mildew. The Only good food item I ate was the caramel cheesecake. The Cesar salad was tasteless and nearly dry. The lasagna was dry as well. It tasted like a freezer burn lasagna that you pull out to eat for dinner as a last resort. The mashed potatoes were good, but how hard is it to make good mashed potatoes?? The shrimp was pretty fresh and clean as well. One of the biggest upsets was the fried chicken; just gross. All in all, I would Not recommend eating here and we won't be returning. Bummer!
4	Great selection, satisfies all tastes. Service was attentive and friendly.
3	It's a buffet, so adjust your expectations accordingly.I enjoyed the spring rolls, the chicken fajitas, the Brazilian sausage and the mint chocolate gelato.  The fresh waffles were also a nice touch.This isn't destination dining, but there's a ton of unlimited food and that's a nice thing when you're working off a hangover.
1	I had a very bad experience trying to enjoy our food but cannot cuz their services suck .. It's a very loud buffet and over price
3	This buffet is more in line with a Golden Corral/Hometown Buffet than some of the higher-end buffets you'll find on the Strip. We came for brunch. It has all of the staples: salad bar, carving station, dessert bar, pizza, pasta, corn, mashed potatoes, roasted potatoes, green beans, fish dishes, sushi and a few Asian dishes, and bread. Nothing very imaginative, but you can certainly leave very full. Price isn't great, but better than others, and the line wasn't long. If you're just looking to fill up on a decent meal for a relatively low price, go for it. Foodies should head elsewhere.
3	Our hotel booking site gave us two free buffets per room. MGM was the closest walking distance from our room, so we decided to give it a try.The interior and environment was very fancy and well designed and lit, but like many others, the dress was casual. The waiter was very nice and attentive to the tables, constantly checking up on them and us. It was 2PM when we ate, so the traffic was quite low and noise wasn't noticeable.Our family enjoyed the chicken sausage. It's an odd food and a nice piece to enjoy. The American and European foods were delicious and looked very appetizing. You might find the warm foods easier to down than the cold foods though. The cooler foods seemed to lack any bold definition in the flavor.Stay away from the Asian foods. The hybrid sushi is interesting, but it is too dry to down. The fried rice was only so-so. The hybrid dumplings (which had steak in them) were the only memorable parts of the otherwise ordinary looking Asian foods. Avoid the miso soup(?). (It was a Japanese soup.)The choice of desserts were just as bountiful as the choice of entrees (which were extensive to choose from). The cheesecake was very enjoyable and had a selection of flavors to try out. The ice cream was so-so. I would avoid the toppings, as they tasted slightly bland.If given the luxury of another free visit, I would go again. Otherwise, I would look around, given that the price is 30$ a person per visit.
3	Hubs and I stayed at the New York New York Hotel and received 2 complimentary buffets for breakfast or lunch with our stay. I'm not huge on buffets in general but I'm all for free in a city like Las Vegas where a simple meal can be rather expensive. Honestly, my expectations weren't that high because of the look of the place as compare to other buffets I've visited in Las Vegas and it was free. Hotels in Las Vegas don't give away the highest quality for free, I'm just saying. That being said, we went for lunch. It was just OK as expected. Some items were better than others but overall, the food was very cafeteria-ish, not gourmet. The staff were excellent, I must say. Very attentive and pleasant.
3	I ate breakfast here when I came for a pay-per view fight. It was basic American food, nothing special.
1	OK this is not a grand anything. The prices are way too high here! $40+ per person. The food was sub par and I ending up getting food poisoning from the prime rib. I would avoid this place. At LVH our buffet was $40 for two people and that includes unlimited beer and wine. Also I didn't get sick. Stay away from MGM Grand buffet or you could end up puking your guts out. I'd give it -3 stars if I could.
2	For the money ...Avoid!  It's better if you go down the way to Wolfgang puck.  It's pretty sad for MGM to be this way. But there is better food at Hometown Buffet. It's really hard to get a refill, the food is kind of rubbery, and the desert is not that great.  I recommend going to Luxor or Planet Hollywood. Service could be a little better too.
1	Ok didn't check with Yelp! Big mistake. Pass on this buffet. Everything was overlooked. Only nice thing I can say is our server was a sweetheart.
3	For the price, it's decent for dinner. $30 on a weekday and about $35 or so on weekends? Have been to this buffet a couple times now....the first experience I think was a touch better, it seems the food has declined over the last few years. What I don't like is the layout. Condiments are spread out in various locations and hard to find. Mexican type food seemed to be in two different places. Bowls for soup not near soup? Make your own salad and pre-made salads in two different locations. It was just odd. They do have it all though. Some fresh crab and cold seafood options, comfort foods, Mexican, Asian, cuts of meat...it was all pretty OK, fairly average. Fried chicken was a touch dry, mashed potatoes could have used more flavoring. Sushi I would avoid. Lots of tasty items though like the cajun fried fish, prime rib, etc. I would recommend for the price, but if you're looking for something AMAZING you are better off at Caesars, Bellagio, or something of the like.
3	I had a memory from my trip to Vegas as a kid as the MGM grand buffet being amazing.  I probably should have thought that one through...Anyway, the buffet itself was distinctly average.  The selection wasn't as great as I would have thought  and the food itself was simply acceptable.  Some random casino I went to in suburban Chicago had a much better buffet which was slightly shocking.I did leave feeling full and satisfied but in the back of my mind I wished I had tried some of the other buffets I had heard good things about (and have higher yelp ratings).  Probably not worth the 36 bucks.
3	I gave this place 3* because it's a buffet...honestly you can't expect much from them, I guess I had a great one when I was treated at the Ritz a long time ago, but lets face it, in this case you're paying for what you get. They have a ton of different options, even fresh veggies and fruit (no, not out of a can) and I enjoyed their brunch. I wouldn't go here for anything else other than breakfast food, most of the other dishes were saturated in oil to keep that nice shiny look...and their sushi looked pretty dodgy.  I did enjoy their omelette bar..minus the slight near heart attack I had when the chef used the same spatula for everyones omelette, since I'm a vegetarian, but hey I'm aware that Vegas is not Colorado! The french toast, belgian waffles and pancakes did a great job of pushing me past my mild hangover and I left feeling satisfied. The service is great too, and they offer unlimited mimosas. Considering the amount of options you are getting for the price, just realize they have to buy in mass quantity so obviously somewhere along the way quality becomes less of a priority. If you don't feel like dropping $35, Starbucks sells bagels and cream cheese for $5 :)
4	Not usually a fan of buffets, but this one was a winner in my book. Clean dining room, attentive server, excellent selection of food to choose from.  My favorite was the beef with broccoli, from the Asian cuisine section.  All of the meat was quality steak, with none of the chewy, grisly bits you would find at a cheaper restaurant.  The sushi, chicken and apple sausage with sauerkraut, and taco bar were also good. The dessert bar was nice, and there was even a sugar-free section, for those who are into that type of thing.  Bottom line: the food is good, and as long as you're going to eat 3+ plates of food (for $40) it is definitely worth it.
2	Decided to have dinner here around 8:00. My general rule is that I like to try the buffet at the hotels I stay at in Vegas. The line is ridiculous. First you wait forever to pay in one line. Then  after you pay you get shuffled into another line to actually get into the buffet. There are two lines; one for groups with 1-4 people and the other for groups of 5 or more. there does not seem be any real method of deciding who gets seated next. Once I moved a little up the line bit by bit I could see inside the dining room and I was pissed when I saw a ton of empty tables some cleared off and some not yet here we stand in this line and nobody is being seated. For the length of both lines they needed to clear off those dirty tables much quicker. As far as the ones that were ready is concerned I don't know why people weren't being in them faster. I have eaten at my share of Vegas buffets and I have never experienced such a ridiculous system and wait. I prayed that the food was worth the wait here. I needed something to justify it and unfortunately it was not worth it at all. The caramel cheesecake they had for dessert was the only thing really worth it. Some of the other desserts were good too but that was the best. They had basic buffet foods and none of it was that great. The bread was hard and the pastas were not great. The pizza and salad looked unappetizing. The meat at the carving station was disappointing. The crab legs were gross. The crab meat had a funny taste and it was tough. Another thing that annoyed me was you don't get your own drinks. A server brings them. When I was finally seated after that wait I was out of patience and starving. They told me someone named Miguel would serve me my drink and then I can get my food so I sit and wait. Nobody shows up. Then I see him and he is essentially ignoring me. Then another server came and finally took my drink order and then she disappeared. No drink. After waiting I say screw it and go get my first plate of food. I come back and still no drink. The Miguel finally shows up and takes my drink order. I gave him my order because I assumed that lady forgot me. When he finally got to me he was quick and brought my drink right away. When I was working on my second she finally brings my drink and has the nerve to look stunned that I had another drink?! She didn't really think I would wait that long for a drink did she? Honestly after the long line to get in I did not have the patience to wait forever for a damn drink. Other buffets I have gone that don;t have self serve drinks They take the order right away and bring it to you right after. Personally though I think since a buffet you serve yourself food you should with drinks as well. One plus was they cleared your finished plates quickly. No issues with that dirty plates piling up on the table. I guess they just took a while to get tables ready after the fact but during was not a problem. So the summation: long line to pay, another long line to get in, poor selection, poor food, long wait for drinks, good desserts, and quick clean-up. So one star for the desserts and one for the quick cleanup. The bad outweighs the good for sure and I won't be back.
4	This specific buffet is quite pricey and the variety of foods being offered are nothing out of this world or something that you can't find at any other regular buffet, but I will say that it's awesome to see that they have crab legs, shrimps, mussels and oysters and this is a plus in my book. Also, they have fresh cut fruit, sushi, and roast beef. The reason I am also giving this location 4 stars is because of the service and the attention I received. After a little situation I encountered, I had a manager named Abbie come to my table. She resolved my issue and complaint quickly and effectively. She was so courteous and professional on top of that. After everything, she just made things better and I left the buffet happy. We are staying at the MGM hotel this week and I'm sure I'll come back tomorrow for dinner once again with my family.PS. I would suggest going for dinner and not lunch. You'll get a much better variety of food. Lunch was boring. Dinner time had all the good and expensive stuff out like crab legs and shrimp.
4	I'm a baleen whale mothafucka, but I don't need no filter feedin' to create a shrimp genocideNot sure why the ratings are so low; I found MGM buffet to be much more satisfactory and affordable than the Aria buffet. Yea, there's less selection of food but overall, the food was fresher because it was switched out more oftenConfused as to why so many people complain about the service. If you want it, do them some service of your own and call for their attention. There are tons of workers at the venue but not one can read your mindWait... it also comes with bottomless mimosas??! Fucking sold.
1	Here is all I can eat from the sky above to the sea beneath, but there is no character at all and the service is awful.Having a great expectation, i came here on the first day of the MGM Grand staying to start off my trip to LV with fantastic meals even though i ve been frugal in an everyday life. Imagined that this buffet is great, i dressed up to fit on a high-end restaurant. Soon after getting in the restaurant, i regretted the way i wore. This restaurant is below than casual. My mom and i arrived around 6 o'clock  and there was no crazy line out there. However, the hostesses were very cold and my appetite had gone already and i didn't want to eat here. But my mom is too old to move to an another buffet place (because she was very excited to eat dinner at the buffet), i reluctantly fallowed her and had a seat.The food is mediocre. There were many ethnic food like American, Asian, Greek, Spanish. However, every food was not delicious at all. Even as a Asian, i tasted the Chinese food and it was a disappointing. The feature is almost there but the taste was no character. This was not well made. Supposed by everyone, Chinese food made by Chinese chef, Mexican food made by Mexican chef. the desserts made by patisserie. All taste were the same mediocre. Everything made out of cheap. For example, the crab legs, these were too thin and nothing left inside the shell and very salty. Even though i have been so many buffets out there like Aria, Caesar Place... this experience was the worst.
2	Ate here because of free buffet with room stay which is only good for lunch or breakfast. Food was ok, sushi is not edible. Deserts were disappointing.
1	I am not picking on the food or the price, you get what you pay for, this is Vegas and you pay $40+ to get average selection and quality is quite good. The menu does not excite me much, steak gets most attention, it is gourmet and really well done.The guests were the worst I've ever experienced. I eat at cheap buffets, people may not have money but are nice. Here comes the scumbags, I get yelled at for simply standing at a distance checking out the steak, the line was like 8 people and fairly quick, someone thinks I am getting his steak, or criminally staring at his; not only that, I joined the line then the guy after me wanted to recommend which cut I get and then asked in disgruntled "you don't believe me?!" when I politely told him let me look. Even worst, the lady cutting the steak seemed like a "steak nazi", ignoring me for a while when I asked for a more well done piece. Not long later the line was 40 people, and I was not going back there.Yes this was encountered during Xmas, but not a good enough reason for behaving insane and utterly rude.
3	BREAKFAST ONLY REVIEW:If I were rating the breakfast service at the MGM buffet based solely on the 3 items I filled up on, I would rate it 5 stars. The buffet serves a grand variety of breakfast foods though, so actually rating the buffet with 5 stars would be biased and unfair. My experience at the buffet started on a sour note because we arrived hungry at 7:20 a.m. but could not dine yet because we needed to redeem our Vegas Slots "2 for 1" buffet reward first. This wouldn't have been a problem if the Mlife area where you redeem the coupons didn't open until 8 a.m. After a night of drinking, waiting 40 minutes on an empty stomach---while watching happy diners cheerily stuff their smiling faces at the buffet---was miserable. I was grouchy. If the buffet opens at 7 a.m. and the only place that people can redeem their rewards to eat is at the Mlife station, shouldn't Mlife open at 7 a.m.? Once my dining partner and I stepped into the buffet, I breathed a sigh of relief. The fruit selection was lovely and every choice was sweet, succulent, and refreshing. MGM surprised me with how fresh their fruit was. One giant plate of honeydew, watermelon, and pineapple slices later, I was ready for the heartier side of breakfast. I'm not a fan of savory breakfasts so I steered clear from the bacon, eggs, and Mexican offerings. I snagged a bite of my mom's omelette from the made-to-order omelette station, and the two of us agreed that it sucked. It was under-seasoned and just "blech."I served a big plate of cottage cheese topped with plenty of strawberry compote. The pancakes and waffles looked pretty good and there was a variety of sweet toppings to choose from for your breakfast goods! The cottage cheese and strawberry compote combination was surprisingly excellent. The cottage cheese tasted great with the very fresh, not-too-sweet compote! I ate the same cottage cheese and strawberry compote combination at the Mirage's Cravings buffet the previous day and I'm not sure which buffet served a better compote! I truly enjoyed both. I also ate a mini apple pastry that was flaky, buttery, fresh, and good enough for seconds and thirds. Perhaps sticking to the sweeter breakfast options is the way to go at the MGM Grand buffet.
4	Buffet was okay.  They have good breakfast here.
1	For the price, this place was not good.  The choices were lacking and not very good.  However, the server was amazing, that was the only good thing about our experience.
2	I'll keep this review short and sweet. Tried a few buffets here in vegas so far and this one is by far the worse. Food quality is MAYBE a step up from golden corral. Only thing is golden corral prices their slop better than this place. Just for reference, we had a buffet at the bellagio last night and it was the best buffet I have ever had and was only $5 more per person than this place. Staff is ok but nothing to brag about. They brought our sodas and we could tell right off the bat they were diet soda. I told the lady and she says people have been saying that all night??!! Then why not warn us first??Won't be back......ever
3	Not the best buffet in the world, but certainly not bad. I wasn't a big fan of the seafood but the salads and vegetarian sides were yummy. The pasta had maybe been sitting out for a while, so it wasn't the best. Better luck next time?
4	Considered this buffet pretty good.  The sushi and lox was very good.  With unlimited mimosas, how can you go wrong?   As far as the post regarding difficulty redeeming the MyVegas.com comp. There are clear instructions to follow.  Guess the person didn't read them as we did not have any problems.
1	Probably the worst buffet I've been in, in a long time. Food is not that great and it's super expensive for what it is. Safe to say I won't be coming here anymore.
4	Very good value.  Not the best Buffett but far from the worst.  Steak  medallions cooked to order very good.
5	The line was long for breakfast around 9am, but it looked like it was moving quickly. The employees are extremely nice. There was a family who jumped in line but they took notice and made sure we were seated first. We got our drinks very quickly and the waitress gave us refills before we even asked. There was a nice variety for breakfast. They had meat, salads, fruit, an omelet station, and your typical breakfast food. They also had a good amount of desserts for it being a breakfast buffet. They had cupcakes, cake, and their soft serve machine was on. Someone in the party has a nut allergy and this was one of the better buffets for that. Note: it is not deadly, but it is present. They only had two items with nuts that I saw. One was with the toast and croissants and another was in a separate dessert section with cake and pudding-type desserts. This was amazing to see, since many buffets have tree nut items spread throughout the buffet.This is also an easy buffet for those in wheelchairs. They had tables, not just booths, and the aisles and walkways were wide enough for a wheelchair.
4	Short wait line and very courteous staff. The food and atmosphere are outstanding. I can only speak about the breakfasts because this is the only place I went for it. They also give you a little carafe of coffee, which I loved. $20 for a buffet breakfast,  can't beat it!
3	Went for breakfast since we got in at about 8 am, kist like every where else the woman who rings you up is unpleasant as all hell.  She swiped my card once and said the machine didn't read it I need to give her anotherm I had cash but since she was rude I made her try till it worked.  We got past and the hostess who wasnt quite awake sat us is the most crowded area of the place when there was lots of open tables at that time. The wait staff was super nice and cery attentive to what we needed and wanted.  The breakfast selection was not very extensive but what they had was all very good. Including some morning randomness such as chicken taquitos and chimichangas.
1	The food here is horrible.  Me and my hubby came here for lunch last Saturday before I went to go shoot a wedding over at the Flamingo (which is another damn story).  The price tag was off for the food they had to offer, but there wasn't a line around 1:45, it was almost $60 for the both of us.  They didn't even have any shell fish at this price.  I hadn't been to the MGM since I was a kid and wanted to just go and see it again and try the food, which proved to be horrific.  Going up and down the aisles, I realized that a lot of the food was really repetitive, they had your fried/southern comfort food, your "asian" food, including teriyaki fish, noodles, sushi, etc.  They had their breakfast items, salads, veggies, fruits, desserts.  I'm pregnant, which totally multiplies my love for food by like umpteenth times, but before being pregnant I could take down a whole cow if you gave me a few hours, but this place couldn't even make pancakes that were appetizing enough.  I had these scalloped potatoes with cheese and sour cream, I believe, on it, and the potatoes weren't even fully cooked.  Phil had some fried chicken and fish items, which were not good.  I also had the teriyaki fish I mentioned earlier and the minute I put it in my mouth I had this overwhelming taste of ginger.  I had the couscous salad which tasted much like toothpaste.  Honestly, I can say that the only thing good about this place was the veggies, oh and the nachos, but how could you fuck up tortilla chips and cheese, but everything else was horrible.  They put such a bad taste in my mouth that I didn't even bother getting desserts and I have the worst sweet tooth, and if anything I'm sure the desserts would've put me in a better mood.  In the end, we left unsatisfied, a trip to Carl's Jr. probably would've done a better job at feeding me and my husband.
2	Horrible lunch selection. It's not even worth a $20 meal. For a MGM NAME, you really would expect better.I got in at 230 pm and stayed till 345pm to see the dinner selection. Blah.Don't even waste your time..2 stars for the meal (one start extra credit because there was no line). Bummer for Vegas
2	Here for lunch around 12:30pm on a Tuesday. No line. Seating was prompt and service was fine (not impeccable, but fine). Decor here reminds me of the Tropicana. Dated and old looking.  Food options reminds me of a step above Hometown Buffet. It's just not that good. I walked around the place four times trying to find out what I could eat but their options were minimal. Horrible Asian options. Meat carving was decent. Meat loaf and mashed potatoes were bland. Dessert options were not bad. I liked their pistachio gelato. Regular price would be $20.99. Totally not worth it. Glad this meal is free because of a complimentary deal I had when I did my hotel reservations.  I would not bother returning here.
2	I waited for an awesome meal at a place I visited over a decade ago.  I remember the prime rib, crab and seafood from before but I was disappointed in the selection this time. It had more Chinese, Mexican and fruits than I remember.  I saw no real potatoe dishes other than mashed.  Sushi wasn't good.  However the prime rib as great, crab was abundant and calamari excellent.  Pre-made salads were not good.  My husband is a meat and potatoes and he barely found stuff to eat.  I would like to see a price that matches the lack of selection.  I would like to see more sushi that tastes good and more hot crab than cold crab.
3	MYVEGAS REDEMPTION:  Friday- Dinner at 3:30pmThere's a lot of hate on this buffet but it really isn't THAT bad!!! Granted, my bf and I both redeemed a dinner for "free" through MyVegas so it was FREE AND I came in with super low expectations after reading all the awful yelp reviews. Note: if you're planning on going to Vegas, get you and your other to start playing MyVegas on both Facebook and your smartphones early. Both of you should redeem for 1-Dinner Buffet separately (26k-loyalty points) vs 2-Dinner Buffets (91k). It's def not worth spending your 91k LP!  We noticed it would sell out each day, so we redeemed it through Facebook about a week before we went, once we knew we were going to go. After you redeem it, MyVegas sends you an email to the one linked to your FB. Keep this email until you get to the buffet; it has your redemption code.We stayed at Bally's and walked down to the MGM.  I thought it was closer than it really was but it's doable and not that bad. We walked into the first side entrance we found (you'll see a starbucks sign). Go to the MLIFE counter right across from the buffet. It was super easy; have your redemption code/email and driver's license out to give to the receptionist. She was super nice, took maybe 5-10 mins (I also needed to get my MLIFE card actually printed out). She puts your buffet pass on the MLifecard. Give your MLIFE card and ID to the cashier and they'll swipe it and give you a receipt. Since you're redeeming for free you can't tip there so leave cash at the end. This buffet was one of the few that we could redeem for dinner on the weekend so we shared a small brunch and headed over to eat here as our lunch/dinner. There was no line at 3:30pm, though we did wait about 5 -10 mins because our hostess asked if we wanted to wait for a booth to be cleared. She let us get food first. The room was pretty empty and the food was just freshly getting put out so it was pretty awesome timing.  They had both cold and hot crab legs. TBH, they're both about the same to me. I totally missed it but they have the crab fork to help you get the crab out right next to the hot crab legs. I wish I saw that before I started (and wish I took it with me to Bachannal the day after haha) I ate mostly the cold ones and got a couple of oysters. Everything was surprisingly fresh!!  Maybe cause they JUST put it out but I was impressed at the quality. Unlike other reviews, neither of us got sick. Again, I went in with LOW expectations. I almost missed the made to order steak too. (Available Fri and Sat dinner).  There's a guy cooking them right next to the grilled onions and peppers that were laid out. I got a medium rare and it was pretty spot on. A little tough but hey it's not a steakhouse! Good timing too since he already had steaks going; otherwise I imagine if I came a few mins later, they'd be well done. I asked our waitress for some steak sauce when we sat down.  Those onions and peppers were so good!!!! My bf loved his clams and prime rib; again perfect medium rare! I also got some of the lasagna, guacamole, Caesar salad - they were all good and I finished all of it.  SKIP: sushi (mushy rice), shrimp ceviche (half a biter. spat it out. nasty!), pizza (alright but full from steak)DESSERTS: We basically got almost everything and took a bite out of each one. I really liked the caramel looking soft thing and my strawberry shortcake w/whip cream was alright too. I finished both of those. Most of the deserts in the plastic shot glasses were a "one biter". SERVICE: Everyone was so friendly and we had amazing service. Our waitress came by to check in just in enough times for refills and what not (I hate when servers never come so you're dying of thirst but also hate it when servers are constantly asking if you need anything so you're like ughhh)This was my first Vegas buffet so I didn't have anything to compare it to. We went to Bachannal for Sat dinner so I understand why people are so harsh on this buffet after you've eaten at those places. BUT I would still come back with the FREE MyVegas comp. That steak & onions, prime rib, crab legs and oysters were worth it! You can't beat free! :)
5	Too good! Fresh, tasty and loads of it! We dined tonight at the MGM Buffet and were so impressed! Pay by credit cards at the front machines just next to the queue and sail past all those not knowing how to do it. The food was superb, a very attentive drinks waiter came to replace our drinks regularly, great tasty seafood, not pre frozen tasteless crap! All nationalities of food, Italian, Asian, western, plus more, loaded potato mash to die for, the best prime rib I have ever tasted, deserts were simply amazing and there was at least 20 different ones and ice creams as well, and all for $29 each, it's amazing value, the casino and surrounds are classy and the seating adequate. Good service and clean restrooms. Good for handicapped patrons and kids as well. They shut the food off at 10pm but you can stay until 10:30pm if you are still eating. I would rate this buffet the best in Vegas and we've tried a fair few!
2	We came here for dinner because we got a complimentary meal for two guests. We decided to eat here because it was closer to Excalibur and we were over there looking around. It was the worst meal ever. Everything was way too salty and some of us ended up going to the restroom RIGHT AFTER. Doesn't that tell you something?What I really appreciated was they didn't have any french fries and my brother LOVES french fries so our server went to tell the chef to make us some french fries. She brought this big bowl of french fries and I really appreciate this kind gesture. The amount of fries was enormous and the fries were pretty salty but the gesture was hands down out of this world. I could not believe the kindess we got from the server. The stars were judged solely on their food, customer service is 10 stars!
2	Expensive as crap for no reason. In the entire Buffett (which wasn't really a big selection) only the steak was alright. Fried fish was ok also. Nothing was awesome tho. Dessert (if one would call it that) was terrible. I've had Golden Corral better than this.
2	It was free, the workers were friendly, and there was plenty of variety. Why 2 stars?  Because, darnit, the food just wasn't very good. When the best part of the meal is that the diet coke was pretty fizzy, you know it's not worth $30. But, let's be honest: it was free with our stay at the Signature, and free is good. But DO NOT pay $30 to have dinner here. If it's free, Bon appetit!
3	Nice, food was good and fresh, was definitely better quality than the Monte Carlo buffet we went to the day prior, but is soooooooooooooooooo overpriced. Just...f*cking ridiculously overpriced, came to over $60 for my wife and I to have breakfast here.Also, the line is insanely long to get in, they have some machines you can use your credit card at (which we did) which did at least help speed things along, but the hostesses who were seating people were some cranky old b*tches that really shouldn't be working in the public.For the breakfast buffet, there wasn't an insane amount of choice, standard breakfast items (pancakes, eggs, sausage, thin/gross bacon, cereal), but their fruit was really good, and everything did seem really fresh so I don't fully regret it. We had a meal credit at the MGM so figured we'd be all-right, didn't know it would wind up costing that much though, would be even higher if they were more reasonably priced. If you plan on going here, make sure you have a coupon or something, not worth the full price, but might be worth it at about half the cost.Also, the seating area is a little tight, lots of doucebags leave their chairs too far out and have shit stockpiled around their tables, which made it difficult to navigate back to our table. Also would have been much happier if they didn't always have some ridiculously long line to get in.
2	MGM buffet, average at best, with large selection. Nothing really stood out worth remembering other than nice assortment of little deserts.
1	Terrible Buffet for 35 bucks. Pizza was old. Sides had been sitting for awhile. Dessert tables were a bit of a joke compared to other hotels. Spend the extra 5-15 bucks and go to Aria's or Ceasar's Buffet. Even Paris has an equivalent or better buffet. Overall unimpressive given that it's the MGM.
1	It's hard to give a bad review to something that was free.  But, here goes.The food just is not good.  It's all siting in a vat of oil, and it's a weird mix of who knows what.  Almost every single vegetable was coated in cheese. I mean, I  like cheese, probably even more than the average person, but there are certainly better ways to prepare vegetables.Even the breads were not that good, stale, and I couldn't even find the butter.There were not any 'make your own' type stations - pasta, omlette - and the carver had duck and ham (where's the prime rib?).The only upside was the soft serve ice cream machine - can never go wrong with soft serve with hot fudge and sprinkles.
3	I really didn't enjoy the options of food during lunch. Greasy and nothing was really fresh
4	3 of us had BOGOs for our 6 person group. I loved the buffet. Sure the food was not INCREDIBLE, but it's a buffet. I loved everything I had. The fried chicken and the prime rib was delicious. After several trips and constant refills from the all-you-can drink menu I definitely was satisfied. My mom became sick in the middle of the night and we are not sure if it was the shrimp she had there or something else throughout the entire day. The rest of us had an amazing experience, so I'm not sure the buffet is to blame.
5	After looking for address i started reading the reviews and i was kind of in doubt because everyone seems to not like this place...i have to say that i loved it! Food was delicious,they have prime rib (i love meat) ,variety of food,deserts and drinks,service was really good,specially our server she was really nice and attentive...you should try this place,and you are paying for quality,we all know buffets in vegas are expensive but people come on if you dont want to spend money dont go out to eat or dont even bother to go to vegas!!!!!
2	Ok so the NY NY hotel website said this buffet was at their hotel. Walked back and forth and was informed that it's not updated and the MGM grand buffet was (obviously) at MGM grand. Someone should update NY NY's website. The food was dried up and old. The options were limited. The staff not very friendly and when you needed something there was no one around to flag down. They make you tip in advance so you never know what to expect. I tipped them so well thinking i was going to have a good time. I did not have a good time. : / The name should be MGM So-So Buffet.
3	We went during the breakfast/lunch change over, the breakfast was pretty good awesome plump sausages, the pineapple was wonderful, and the sweet breakfast items I tried were really good. The wait staff seemed efficient, drinks quickly plates cleared ect.Now the lunch sucked pizza was inedible the steak tasted like overcooked gray meat, I would recommend anywhere else for lunch!
4	Good buffet for the price, went at opening for breakfast , and food was fresh ! While it does not come close to higher end buffets such as Wicked spoon or Bacchanal , it is much less expensive , and minimal to no wait.
2	Pretty bad. Was this place good at one time? For the price I paid, I expected something much better.Two kids and an adult on a Friday nught. $86. Unbelievable. No selection of food. Quality of food sucks.Only thing good was almond bread pudding.
2	Food was really disappointing especially for the price. Been here before and was really happy. Seems like quality of the food has dropped. The desserts were dry and food seemed like it had been out awhile.
2	For the same price, the M buffet is a lot better.No alcohol include. Small selection. Cutting the prim rib was like cutting grandma's meatloaf. For that price, I wanted more.
4	Am a little bit late in writing this review but I figured what the heck. Well for the starters the line just to pay is huge when we finally got to the cashier to pay we realized there was another line just to get a table WTF??!! Once we were seated everything went well our waiter (wish I would of got his name) was very nice and made sure our cups were always full and made sure to always pick up our dirty plates. They had a very large variety of food everything from sushi to Mexican food and everything was freshly made. I wish their dessert area had more of a variety everything was also bite size but overall it was pretty good. As far as the price goes am not to sure because we scored free vouchers but I believe it was  $15 for kids 4-12 and $19.99 for adults drinks included. We went during lunch time I think the price goes up if you go during dinner time :)
1	If I were 80 years old and at a small casino away from Las Vegas maybe this buffet would have been alright, but I'm neither of those so it was not.  The food selection is boring and clearly not fresh.  The salad bar items have clearly been sitting in their containers around the ice too long, they were bad, and the fixings for the salad were too limited.  The carvery was decent but that was the only hot food that was. Finally, the service was friendly but very slow, especially considering it wasn't busy, our glasses sat empty.
2	What a disappointment. MGM has a beautiful hotel and an amazing club but they need to remove the buffet. The food is not worth the price that you pay. I had Thanksgiving dinner with my family and the food selection was lacking as was the flavor. It was the first time that I was dissatisfied with MGM Grand. Vegas has so many amazing buffets but this is not one I would ever recommend. The dessert selection was poor, the food looked unappealing and tasted even worse. At one point the buffet was excellent but this was many years ago. I don't plan on ever going back to this buffet. Save your money and go somewhere else.
4	Paid 40 bones and entered food heaven.  I came during the right season.  Steaks, chicken, dessert (oh the desserts).  I had everything that I completely blacked out.  All I remembered was I juicy and sweet them chocolate covered strawberries were.  This was the only buffet I tried during my brief stay so I can't compare it to other places in Vegas.  For 40 bucks though, I believe I did get my money's worth and I am very satisfied with it.  The service was excellent.  The selection was plentiful and thats important because I don't like seeing the same boring stuff over and over again.  Nice to have a great selection of food.
4	Since this place is popular, the line for this buffet is long, but I guess there's nothing that can be done about that.The servers were attentive and removed our plates. One minor nitpick I have is that even though I'm glad they leave the utensils behind, they tend to place the utensils on the table, which I personally like to avoid since I usually put them on napkins. It would be nice if they offered replacement utensils other than just the ones on the table, although I guess maybe it's like that so that too much water isn't wasted.There were a large variety of food dishes to choose from. They make the price of $40/person a good deal by offering a lot of expensive dishes. There were crab legs, lobster ravioli, prime rib, and creme brulee. They also offered complimentary drinks like raspberry iced tea and sodas.
3	First time here! Food was ok! They were fresh but not so many choices 4 lunch. Good breakfast section & salad bar! No fish only fried fish & chicken. I was kinda of disappointed when I figured out no salmon!!!!!!!! Not a good dessert either! Definitely i am not gonna spend $65.00 there!!!! Customer service was good
3	We had the champagne breakfast buffet.  The food was good.  We were hoping for more seafood and meat dishes.  The salads and deserts were excellent.  Overall it was a decent breakfast buffet.  We were staying on the South end of the strip or else we would have gone to the Wynn for breakfast.
2	It was  $40 per person for  a mediocre, Saturday dinner buffet.  We were  glad we used a My Vegas 2 for 1 deal and paid the right price for this buffet.  Some of the seafood was good, but for the most part, this was not a quality buffet at all.I am writing this over a week after the experience, so I am trying to remember what I didn't like.  The barbecue chicken sauce was too sweet and uninteresting, the chicken was so old it had a chew to it like jerky.   The kung pao chicken was greasy, lukewarm and had very little seasoning.  The smoked salmon was mushy and didn't taste fresh.  I did like the chocolate covered marshmallows at the dessert section.  They only had two, and I ate them both.
2	For $32.00 dollars a person you would expect better quality. I went on a Friday morning for there  Champagne Brunch. They had typical breakfast servings such as waffles, bacon, egg, ham, cold sandwiches, stuffed shrimp, and other types of servings. Most of the foods they had were low quality and many did not have any taste. Save your money and go somewhere else.
1	This is the most horrible buffet I've ever had. I definitely wouldn't go if its not included in hotel reservation. And even so, I regret booking that package because I just wasted a valuable dinner on this crappy meal.
3	We expected less, so we were pleasantly surprised by the food quality and freshness. After reading reviews, we were glad the tickets to the buffet were complimentary for my birthday. Our waiter was a much, much older gentlemen who seemed quiet and shy. He was attentive and our water glasses stayed full. He took plates away in a timely manner, so I really have no complaints about the service here.The food is decent. You aren't going to get bells and whistles and foie gras, but for what it is, we liked it. The more traditional "American" foods were great. From the mashed potatoes, mac and cheese, and steak, it was all quite good. The rolls and bread choices are delicious.The salad bar gets a thumbs up, and almost all of the meats were good if you aren't too picky. For the seasoned foodie, this might be the pits for decent food. But when you come in with very little expectation, you might leave a bit surprised. The price tag is a bit much for the quality of the food, but when in Vegas, what do you really expect? Where this buffet falls flat is the lack of any "make your own" areas for food. Usually for the price of the ticket, you'll expect a nice fajita, Hibachi, or some sort of freshly prepared food station for those who are into that kind of thing. It isn't here, unfortunately. The veggies are excellent. There's corn on the cob, broccoli, cauliflower, and an array to choose from. They're cooked well, and some of it is paired with BBQ/cookout foods. My girlfriend particularly loved the different types of sausage to choose from. My favorite was the fried chicken, and her's was the lamb. During dinner hours, there are King Crab legs and other seafoods, and they were decent enough. The sushi left something to be desired, but buffet sushi is generally a difficult task.The MGM soars sky high when it comes to the dessert area. It may not be as big as Bacchanal, but the quality is there. We tried them all. There was cheesecake, cupcakes, tiramisu, fudge brownies, chocolate covered strawberries, cakes in cups, banana pudding, and they were all spectacular. We engorged our tummies on these the most. We even went back for seconds, and we would definitely visit again for this section. Every single one we tried had something good about it. I definitely recommend the key lime pie and custard. All of the desserts are decorated cutely with polka dots or bits of decorative chocolate on top. Overall, is this the best buffet to choose? Absolutely not. The Wynn or Bellagio are worth their price in gold as far as quality and quantity are concerned. However, if you're staying at the MGM hotel and don't want to walk down the strip for dinner, it's not the worst place you could have dinner, either. Sometimes if you ask at check-in, they'll give you credits to the buffet for free. This was this case for us, so we weren't left feeling dissatisfied with an overpriced meal. Even so, had we paid, I can't say we would have been completely disappointed. It's a lot better than some other choice buffets on the strip.
2	With so many buffets in Vegas, you would think the MGM would invest a bit more to make it appealing. The service was horribly slow. So glad we did not get the unlimited drinks because we literally only saw our drink waiter twice (once to order and once to get the drinks). She didn't even have a pen for me to sign my CC slip. It's a good thing I had one in my purse other wise she wouldn't have gotten a tip! The food really didn't stand out amongst the other buffets. We had complimentary tickets, but honestly... even with that we probably won't be back.
4	I've been to one of the best buffet's ever, the Aria, and the worst, The Excalibur. The MGM manages to hold itts own.We went for breakfast. It was a bit pricey but the variety, free mimosas's, and customer service made it worth it.We had a great experience.
2	I would have given 3 stars if the price was lower, then the food would be more worth it. Not a super large place but at least the wait in line was decently quick. The selection of food was mediocre. ... and quality was so-so. You either get a really great piece of prime rib like I luckily got, or u get a more cooked and a little dry piece like some other ppl at my table got. Same with the crab legs, some are salty, some are really good, some have a lot of meat, others don't. The Italian section is really small, taste was ok. Chinese food wasn't that great. Didn't try the Mexican but it was just tacos. Sushi was ok, rice a little dry. The salad bar area isn't too bad actually, I liked one of the pasta salad with peas. Dessert was not very good. .. the Gelato was the best selection there. Other than the food,  Service was great, got refills and had our plates taken away pretty quickly.
3	Full disclosure, I did not pay for this buffet it was included with my room at the MGM but yet and still I promise that this review will still express my full and honest opinion of this buffet.The breakfast weekend mimosas are worth the price of admission alone. They keep the glass full and even give you a to go cup. The food is what you'd expect at most buffets, an assortment of fruits, chicken, fish and other proteins and vegetables and while they are nothing special, they are all cooked well and fresh.For a buffet, the MGM more than met my expectations and since they normally give all guest at least one free meal at the Grand Buffet, I think it is well worth a visit.
