5	I often travel to Vegas for business, to do work at our semi-secret data center.  There's not a whole lot of food choices in the vicinity, so we're always on the lookout for something new.This trip, one of the local guys says "hey, there's a new German place that opened."  So we went to check it out.We were greeting promptly by (I assume) one of the owners and then a waitress came up, with her ever so slight German accent telegraphing to me that yes, the food will be good.Sure enough, it was.  A variety of Schnitzel graced our table, and even the West German burger ordered by one of our less adventurous coworkers looked awesome.At the end of the meal, the chef came around to see how we liked it.  Then the owner told us about their catering menu, including their amazing strudel.  He brought us an end cut sample of strudel, and it was AMAZING.If you're in Vegas to party, I don't think you'd make the trek out here, but if you're looking for authentic German food, or if you're local and live or work in the area, definitely check this place out.The only thing I'd add would be some taps with German beer, but I bet that's in their plans.
3	On a bottom of a receipt it says: "Please come back!"I'd like to come back sometime but I'll probably give it some time before 2nd attemptI stopped by for a lunch and had a schnitzel entree. It came on a big plate with a meager serving of something resembling mashed potatoes put through the meat grinder. Meat was good although it seemed a little bit on a salty side.Here are my observations:It's lunch so I'd like to leave full (or almost) after my meal without chasing it with dessert :) So my advice is put 2 sides instead of one. Does it really cost that much extra for a dollop of sauerkraut? It probably doesn't but customer will leave full and happy (and will come back). Based on the average price of lunch in vicinity Cafer Berlin is the most expensive one. So I would suggest to put more effort in marketing (give discount to neighborhood businesses for example).
4	I came here on a whim with Don earlier today. When we were trying to go to another restaurant and found out Sunset doesn't connect to Valley View. We just entered the plaza and decided to eat at Cafe Berlin since neither of us has ever had German food before. When we entered the restaurant, there were absolutely no customers and there were three people at the counter talking to each other (waitress, possible owner, and another guy). The waitress quickly brought out menus for us and got our drink orders (coffee and Spezi. She was definitely German, she had a very heavy German accent and everything; it was pretty cool. I wouldn't say we really ordered authentic German dishes since I just got the daily special Gyspy Style Sausage w/ french fries ($6.50) and Don got The North German burger ($8.50) with a side of Spaetzle ($2.95), but they were still very good. My sausage really tasted homemade and had a lot of flavor and the french fries that came with it were cooked to perfection. Don's burger had beef chuck, garlic shrimp, tomato, lettuce, and coleslaw. The garlic shrimp were definitely an interesting, yet tasty, little add-on. While we were eating, the waitress came over and asked if we wanted refills, of course we said yes. However, I wish I hadn't because I ended up getting charged for every cup of regular coffee I got. I really bugs me when people charge per cup of REGULAR coffee. I would've gotten some other beverage, like Spezi, since that came bottomless. Aside from the coffee ordeal, I enjoyed this place. The waitress was very attentive and the food was appetizing.
4	Achtung! Achtung!There's a new German deli in town.The place is clean, small and simple in a small strip mall. We met some friends there on Monday at 6:30, we had some other friends that couldn't make it til 7. Little did we know, they close at 7, the staff was so nice, they never said anything, kept a smile on their face and kept serving us. I felt so bad after I had found out we kept them there late.I had the Rahm Shnitzel, the portion was huge. It was cooked perfectly, not greasy. The gravy was yummy. The spaetzle was a bit crispy which I'm not use to but it was good. Doug go the West German burger with fries, he was happy with his meal. We saved room for some Apple Strudel, it was really good, the vanilla sauce on the side was killer, I could've eaten it like soup.I'd be interested in trying their breakfasts or some of their fresh deli meat selections. They need to get a liquor license, a good German beer with some Brats would be great.Donka Shane and Good luck Cafe Berlin.
4	Went there for schnitzel on 4/18/2012. It was very delicious.  The strudel which was just made was fabulous.Be aware that they don't have a liquor license yet but you are more than welcome to bring your own and the shop right next to them sells beer.Will definitely go again!
4	I lived in Germany two years as well as have back there (all in Southern Germany).  Cafe Berliner not only serves some of the most authentic German food in Las Vegas but very very tasty and filling with the price being right.  My wife and I had the Jaeger Schnitzel.  The mushroom gravy sauce was spot on, the cutlets properly tenderized and cooked.  The red cabbage was what I recall from my days in Germany and although the Spezi (German carbonated beverage) is a mix of American Coca Cola and Fanta Orange, it was close enough to bring back memories (German Coca Cola does not use as much sugar so its a lite beverage).   And Struedel with Vanilla cream was heavenly (we shared an apple struedel at the restaurant, took a cherry one home).  Cafe Berlin is a winner...
3	I tried Cafe Berlin tonight after work. I did not know what to expect. I had never tried authentic German cuisine. I ended up enjoying it. I ordered Jaeger Schnitzle. The pork looked burnt at first but was perfectly cooked. Despite being smothered in a delicious mushroom gravy, it retained a certain crunchiness.  The spaetzl was a little off putting to me. Its taste was not unlike egg and starch. I ate it but I had to mix it with the gravy on my plate. The apple struedel was supurb. Very sweet though. The flakey chewieness with the crunch from the walnuts was great and the warm vanilla sauce was heavenly.As for the restaurant itself, unimpressive yet redeeming. It is not full of the stereotypical Bavarian decor found in other establishments. It stays below that irritating status of kitch. The only thing German in the restaurant, other than the food, is a couple of German flags and empty bottles of Warsteiner beer on the tables. It is small and simple with good food and good service.I hate to give 3 stars but with a poor location, lack luster ambience and higher price ($15+/person), I have to.  Still, I would like to go back a couple more times for sausage and burgers.
4	What a lovely surprise for a Thursday lunch! We happened upon this place based on a tip from Yelp. Both of us have traveled (and eaten) quite a bit in Germany and tend to enjoy the cuisine. We had the jaeger schnitzle and a knockwurst lunch platters. The schnitzle was crispy and tasty but not greasy, as some schnitzles can be. My favorite part was the spaetzle and gravy that was served alongside. (Why oh why can't spaetzle be more widely available? It's a great "comfort food".) The knockwurst was a bit more peppery than those I've had before but was grilled nicely and had flavor. The red cabbage was excellent. Not too sour and just the right amount of crunch and tang.  We will certainly come back soon to try more schnitzles and dive into their sandwiches. I wonder if we can convince them to add a sauerbraten to the menu too?....
5	Ate there with friend May 11. They won't have their liquor license until a few weeks from now so they let us bring our own wine, corkscrew and glasses. (Very Germanically they follow the law precisely: they can't assist by loaning a corkscrew or bringing glasses, and they don't charge  a corkage fee.)Our group had various schnitzels and sausages they make themselves. All very good. The portions are generous. The cherry strudel was outstanding. The schnitzel was extremely lean, the sausage not greasy but probably not recommended by your cardiologist. The native German in our group thought the food was very authentic.The decor is almost non-existent, but the plus side of this is that the food is great, and served in generous portions are reasonable prices. The owner is German is you want to practice your German. In conclusion: Go there if you want authentic German meat dishes and German pastry. Don't go there to eat if you are not a carnivore and don't go there if the outing calls for a dining area that delights the eye.
3	great german food, lacking in any decor.  sausages were delicious and home made, as was the really yummy cherry strusel.  for dinner your choices are mainly schnitzels and sausage dishes. the portions were super nice sized for dinner and we had alot of left overs.  we will go back, but i hope they would at least put on a little background music or turn the tv volume on for futball.
2	I went there twice.......the first time shortly after they opened. The restaurant was half full and the food came out quickly and was tasty. I had the Zigeunerschnitzel with Spaetzle and it reminded me of back home.The second time was three days ago and it seemed like they did not have a real chef because the food came out one at a time with very long time in between food coming from the kitchen almost as if each was cooked individually. This time the Spaetzle were a starchy, watery mess (way overcooked) not sure how somebody can screw this up. Interestingly enough the Cordon Bleu (pork) was burned around the corners and I had to work my way half way through the thing to get a bite of ham and cheese. definitely no comparison to my first visit here. I ended up being there for almost an hour.....ProCheaper than others in townFriendly waitressConsFood inconsistentVery Slow you feel like eating in the middle of a warehouse (no decor)After my second experience I will definitely not go back soon. The waitress actually told the owner that I was not too happy. You'd think she would come forward from behind the counter.....well think again, obviously there is no interest in what people think.
5	Good and authentic.  What it lacks in ambiance it makes up for with taste.   And yes the credit card machines are working again.   I'm an army brat who lived in Germany many years and the schnitzels and spaetzle took me back in time.  (Get it with rahm sauce).
1	This cafe was quiet and had good service, but thats not enough to get me back there or to get a better review. Im german but keep in mind that I have never had authentic German food. The food here tasted like frozen food... The fries were pretty much awful since they were like scraps, no more than an inch long... Is that authentic German fries..? maybe but just tasted like frozen french fries to me. My husband got the something cordon bleu chicken and that was blah. Only flavor to that was from the dry ham baked in. The breading on it tasted fishy. I got the braustburger. Not much to say about that, didnt taste much different from a regular burger. I will say it tastes worse when your burping it up a few hours later.... UGHH! I wouldnt be surprised if you go into their kitchen and their freezer is filled with everything they serve. The waitress was nice very soft spoken. Service was good, but we were the only ones in there at 5 in the afternoon so i suppose it should be... Decent prices but not for that food. I dont mind spending thirty bucks at a cafe/resturaunt but when the food is no good it just hurts me. I wanted to send it back after the second bite and leave... but that would have been rude.
5	I had been wanting to try this place after it came highly recommended by a friend, whose opinion I trust when it comes to food.Upon first walking in I realized that the place was small and sparsely decorated, which did not bother me in the least.  When I go to a restaurant my main concern is quality of food first and cleanliness second, this place delivered on both accounts.We went with friends and everyone was very pleased with their meals.  I had a  Jaeger schnitzel with brown mushroom gravy and spaetzle, which was not only a generous portion but very flavorful.  The rest of our party had schnitzels and sausage, all of which they were very pleased with.  We tried the apple streudel for desert, which the waitress said was made in house and it was very tasty.  This place is just starting out, but they are focusing on turning out good food and that is all I am really concerned with. Overall we were very pleased and can't wait to go back for more.
4	Cafe Berlin is located in a strip mall and is just south of Decatur. I arrived at lunch and ordered the bratwurst sausage which came with mashed potato and sauerkraut.The sausage was lean and the server who was the owner was friendly and helpful. I really wanted to try the in house pastries but was to full this time but will definitely return here again.
5	Recommended: Paulaner Hefeweizen, Warsteiner Pils, Wurstplatte, Jaeger Schnitzel, Apple StruddleBest German food I've had since...well, since I was in Berlin.  I had the Wurstplatte, which includes 3 large sausages (Bier Bratwurst, Knockwurst, and Bockwurst), mashed potatoes, and sauerkraut.  My girlfriend had Jaeger Schnitzel, where they kindly substituted chicken for pork (the owner was very considerate).  Both tasted incredible and rich.  It's a very fulfilling meal. And of course everything washes down nicely with German beer.
4	Great food and friendly service!  I miss Germany now!
5	Sooo....when you go in, don't be scared...haha! I say that because the decor needs work, like it's totally bare.BUT, when you get over it, it's just tasty. We've had the Knockwurst with the gravy (savory goodness) , mashed potatoes and sauerkraut and Grilled Knockwurst with the bun, and the Jaeger Schnitzel which hasn't disappointed yet. The sausages are cooked perfectly, good amount and actually, not really heavy as you would think. We eat here for lunch and continue to enjoy it. Ignore the common...do it German.
5	Great authentic food. Try it out. Very nice family!
4	Schnitzel and Cordon Bleu outstanding. Great Home Fried Potatoes, but was disappointed when the potato salad was a cold version. It was good, but had been wanting the good warm salad with vinegar and bacon. The Paulaner ad was just a decoration, only soft drinks... We will return to sample the menu one by one.
4	My only other experience with German food is Hofbrahaus. Eh, that's a lie, my only experience with Hobrahaus is their beer, ha. When I saw Cafe Berlin, I was excited to finally try some German food. Upon walking in, we were greeted and seated quite quickly. Our waitress was very friendly and helpful the whole time, so service gets an A plus. The food was really good, but I also don't have anything to compare it to and can't vouch for it's authenticity - although, I'm sure it is pretty authentic according to other reviewers. I also had the pleasure of having the strudel, which was a bit too sweet for my taste, but still delicious. It was a great experience, and I'll be sure to go back. Only four stars for not serving beer to eat with the delicious food.
5	The owner of this business taught me the most priceless lesson in managing a business and humility and sincerity. I'm still dumbfounded. I love to eat here because of the interesting and unique food, the german experience, the great local business people that can almost always be found eating here and the heartfelt way it is managed. No chain, no system, just local excellence. Thank you for taking the awful risks involved with opening a business in this climate and dealing with some of the awful customers that can just walk in any time they feel like it. You're one of my heroes.
4	I enjoyed the food. Taste great, nice portions, and good quality. The decor could use some help though not very comfortable or relaxing but I still will return.
4	Having grown up across the street from a small family owned German deli in the suburbs of Chicago, and going to college in Milwaukee while working right next to the Usinger's sausage factory, I've come to realize that there's nothing quite as amazing as a real traditional German bratwurst!Although I ended up giving the Zigeuner Schnitzel a try, and was extremely pleased, I had buyer's remorse after the delivery of my colleageus' bier bratwursts!The quaint ambiance could use a little more to add to the vibe, but it wasn't necessary with the awesome staff taking orders in heavy German accent, and the delicious food.  Why fake it with a bunch of lederhosen and collectible steins.  If I really want that I'll visit that other extremely annoying place with mediocre mass produced food.I like this place...and I think Grandma will love it too!
3	went for lunch...  food very good and obviously made-for-order. BUT portions a little skimpy for the price ($9.95) for single cutlet (Jaeger or Rham Schnitzel) with spaetzle. Could maybe use a side of red cabbage or German potatoe salad to beef up the plate. We both left a little hungry. Plain setting, very cordial service.
5	I wish there was a way I could give this place more stars, IT IS THAT GOOD!!  My Husband & I went there last night for our belated anniversary dinner.  His family is German & I grew up in Germany, so we did have rather high expectations walking in the door. Nothing could have made our dinner any better!  Everything was amazing; we ended up sharing everything we ordered.  The pretzel is a MUST.  The nurenberger  plate came with 3 wurst, sauerkraut, and mashed potatoes.  YUMMMO!!  the jagerschnitzel with homemade spatzle was to die for!  By this point, we are completely stuffed.  However, there was strudel calling our names.  We ordered the cherry strudel.  AMAZING! Seriously amazing.  Cafe Berlin was hands down the absolute best German food we have had outside of Germany.
2	Took way too long.  We waited over an hour for our food- the fryer broke then some how our food got mixed up.  We watched quite a few people arrive, eat and leave even before we had food!!
5	Is just absolutely incredible, one of very few places in town you feel welcome and the staff is enjoyable to talk to!I came later in the day, the service was incredible and food very tasty. I would recommend to anyone who has or has not tried German cuisine!
4	They are working diligently on their liquor license! Let's support them and keep them in town!
5	Great, authentic German comfort food! The staff is courteous & friendly! I went there Saturday night and they even had a live accordion player. Excellent!!!
4	It's all about the schnitzel, baby!  We got the Jaegerschnitzel which the menu described as "two tender 'Hunter Style' breaded pork cutlets topped with our secret mushroom gravy and served with fresh house spaetzle.".  Man oh man was this fantastic.  The cutlets were big and very juicy.  The spaetzle was excellent too.    We also got the "Wurstplatte" which was a sausage sampler that came with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut consisting of two of each of their 3 homemade sausages.  Interestingly enough, my favorite was my wife's least fave.  I really enjoyed the "bockwurst" which was their white sausage flavor the best, she preferred the beer bratwurst.  No problem then..more for me!  The apple streudel on display looked damn good so we got one of those too.  I really liked the doughyness of it.  I am holding out on 5 stars til they get a liquor license and I can guzzle some steins of beer with their delicious food.  Anybody out there in Yelpworld got some pull?  The owner said she's been waiting for 9 months already.  They also have a dinner buffet the first Saturday of every month.  Count on us being there Dec 1st!
5	Oh my god was this a great find.  We were coming into town late in the evening and were very hungry.  We wanted to avoid the strip and get to our hotel. My wife is a German enthusiast and spotted this place in a little strip mall. Long story short it was some of the best German food I have ever had.
1	I have been going to Cafe Heidelberg for about 25 years and was so disappointed when they closed. For my mom's birthday, I decided I  would try Cafe Berlin since she loves German food. I am sorry, but I have no idea if everyone commenting on this place was served different food than we were. My mom got the Rahm schnitzel which she said was just "ok." The cream gravy was very thick. I had the Cordon Bleu vom Schwein schnitzel which was very dry. No bread, soup or salad comes with these $17.00 entrees either. The spaetzle was tasteless and the red cabbage was awful. We were not offered dessert and because they just got their liquor license and had no beer or wine yet, we brought in our own bottle of wine (which we were handed a bottle opener to open ourselves) Let's not forget to mention the fact that gnats were flying around the entire time. I spent four years in Germany, Oberammergau to be specific, saying this place is authentic is a joke!!!!
4	I have to admit the food here is very delish, and they can substitute and Schnitzel with chicken too. I recommend the jager shnitz with chicken substitute... so dang good. The strudel is good but too pricey for the amount you get. Everything I have eaten here has been good and under $15. I will definitely come back.
4	I am a new fan!While skiing in Germany and the Swiss Alps last year I consumed copius amounts of Radler beer (half beer/half lemonade) and yummy spaetzle. I was surprised to find Cafe Berlin here in Vegas and was very pleasantly surprised to find that their Radler and spaetzle brought me right back to my Europe ski vacay.The staff was very warm and welcoming. I will definitely be back soon :)
5	We always ate at Cafe Heidelberg when we visited Las Vegas.  To our disappointment, last week, we found out Cafe Heidelberg had closed.  We researched other German restaurants in the area.  Cafe Berlin popped up, and we gave it a try.  Welcomed by the very nice owners.  I ordered the Schweine Schnitzel (my favorite), sauerkraut and tried the potato salad.  Schnitzel was great, as was the sauerkraut.  The cold potato salad did not thrill me.  We ate there 2 days out of the 7 we were in Vegas.  My husband tried the Bier Brats and spaetzle and also the next day tried the Wurstplatte.  All were excellent.  I also order, the 2nd time we visited, spaetzle with onion and swiss cheese.  It was awesome.  Being of German heritage, I love my sauerkraut and was not disappointed by this restaurant.  This will be on our stop every time we visit Vegas!
5	In the words of of Dumb and Dumber.." just go man". You've gotta try this place. So cool!! I'm bringing our friends here next time. The pretzel with mustard was piping hot with salt on top, the beer was good, i had the jager schnitzel- TO DIE FOR!! my BF had the Brats and sausage plate (cant remember the name) But his was great too!  Service is excellent, perfect for a little date night or escape to Berlin : )
5	EXCELLENT !!!!!! Real food. Delightful staff. Had a sampler platter for two. Yummy. Reasonable prices. Will definitely return.
5	Since the Heidelberg closed we were looking for another German Restaurant. The Hoffbrau House is noisey and has a limited menu. Cruising through Yelp we spotted Cafe Berlin and decided to give it a try after reading the reviews. The reviews are correct!I had the Jaeger schnitzel with Hunter gravy. For lunch. I could have eaten two of them! It was so good I didn't want it to end. The Dinner menu gets you two schnitzels for a few dollars more than the lunch menu. Order off the Dinner menu!  It was excellent!!! My partner had the sausage plate. He's going back for more!Also had the Apple Strudel for dissert. Excellent. Baked on premises.
5	Yum! My husband lived in Frankfurt for 6 years and loves German food. We went here to satisfy a craving for schnitzel. We had the Rahm schnitzel and Jaeger schnitzel. I loved it and most off all he  did too. The owners were very personable and gave great service! We will be back.
4	At the urging of a friend we stopped in here Wednesday at about 2:30 PM. It is part of a small Gas Station Strip Mall. Very unassuming and quiet looking outside at the front. Walking in we could see a clean looking, open dining area, with a cheerful Hostess / Wait Person who greeted us and took us to a nice table.The dining room is surprisingly big. It is open, clean, friendly, and has an almost cafeteria style design to it.German and American beers are available in big glasses so you can Gage the color. The heavy thick head on the cold German beer is inviting and the aroma is very full bodied. The menu has a number of German style items to choose from along with a special available. There are Sausages (Wursts)  with very wonderful looking sides of pan fried potatoes, mashed potatoes, sauteed onions, sauerkraut, red cabbage, etc. There is also a sandwich board in the menu that looks like a fine way "handle" your lunch. Then the menu describes some very flavorful sounding pork schnitzel platters and a pork or chicken cordon bleuThe menu touts  very nice Vegetarian selections both hot and cold. Finally, to insure that no one is left out there is a Kid's menu that allows them to also try these delights.We opted for the Rollentini Special. Wonderful beef  roll up with spices and a pickle spear in the middle. There was a potato dumpling and red cabbage as sides. The rollentini and the dumpling came with an unbelievable tasty sauce that insured this presentation will be ordered by us again.We finished our meal by splitting a piece of "home made" cherry strudel that was so good be ordered another piece of cherry and a piece of apple to take home.Bottom line: Clean, flavorful ethnic food, good service. We will be back soon.
4	Wow! Yum! First time here. Stumbled upon this place while heading south out of town. Shared the wurst plate and spatzle with gravy. More than enough for two for lunch. The sausages are made in house and were seasoned perfectly, not too salty. Spatzle were made into a finer dumpling than I'm used too (having lived in Bavaria) but also very good. Owners are German and Germans were amongst the diners--which is a sign of a authentic experience. Wish we lived closer and could come more often.
5	My wife is German & is always looking for a traditional, authentic German restaurant. This is it for Las Vegas. It's truly authentic, delicious & friendly staff. Good prices too.
4	I ordered the Beir brat, and it was awesome! I just wish the sausage was bigger. So be sure to order an extra for 2.99. My date ordered the jaeger schnitzel, that was delicious too.
1	We came in for lunch with a $20 Yelp Deal.  The restaurant was located on W Sunset Rd/S Decatur Blvd in a gas station strip mall in Las Vegas.  There is a partition in front of the bathroom door.The server gave us the dinner menus and he did not ask for our drink order..  The prices were really expensive.  My friend went up to the counter and asked if they had lunch menus.  There was one other couple having lunch.A female server took our order.  My friend ordered the Schweine Schnitzel and I ordered the Bockwurst.  Another couple walked in and sat behind us.The female server came out of the kitchen and served  the couple behind us 25 minutes after we sat down.  They did not recognized what they had ordered.  The server went to the window at the kitchen and talk to the chef.  I heard her say she gave the food to the wrong table.  She never came back to our table to appologize or offer us a free appetizer or beverage while we waited for our lunch.  How could she server the other couple our food!?The male server brought us our food about 9 minutes later.  He did not say anything about the mix up either.The Bockwurst was tasty.  The fried potatoes had pieces of crisp bacon.  The red cabbage was okay.The Schweine Schnitzel was breaded.  There was no sauce or anything on it.  The  scoop of German potato salad was served cold.The male server asked if we saved room for dessert.  My friend mentioned the mix up and asked for a free strudle.  He only offered us one.  The Apple Strudle was served heated with a side of whipped cream and unsweeted cream in a dish.  It was the best part of the meal, but did not make up for the attitudes of the servers.
2	Yes it is true we came here on a yelp deal, we all need to save a few $ now and then, unfortunately the whole meal went out of whack.. The female server gave us menu for dinner, not lunch, and I did go up to get the correct ones.. it was early and really not so busy for lunch, we did get asked what kind of drink, we just ask for water, I am not much of a beer drinker... We ordered and was not offered any suggestions, the female server, possible owner and host was not friendly, no smile, just dull.. Anyway there was a mix up on our food and we never really got an apology from the staff??? And when we did get it, it was tasty-  4 stars to the chef...  I might go back, but it will be awhile, maybe with my German friend Inge from Canada...
4	Very delicious Getman pretzles.
5	I am so happy to have found this place for German food. I have had the Brats, soft pretzel, sauerbraten, Jaeger Schnitzel, Spaetzle, and both Apple & Blueberry strudel. I can't decide what my favorite is yet, they are all very good. Our server was excellent, i had the same lady help me the 2 times i was there and she is super nice. Highly recommend eating here if you have a craving for German food & drink. Nice authentic dishes and reasonable prices too.
5	Delicious food, friendly service.The Jaeger Schnitzel (schnitzel covered in mushroom gravy w/spatzle) was fantastic.  $11 for lunch.Highly recommended!
5	This place was  great  for lunch, I worked in the area , try the brauts
3	I was happy to hear of a new German restaurant (or new to me) and wanted to try it out.  I hadn't planned on being in the area for lunch, but it worked out well.  I walked in somewhat wondering how it was going to compare to the real thing, and was pleasantly surprised to be welcomed by the wonder aroma of delicious food being prepared!I had a hard time deciding between the Rouladen and Jaegerschnitzel, but since most places at least try to offer Jagerschnitzel I went with the Rouladen.  I was impressed with the flavor and quality of the dish.  The spaetzl was a little over done for me, but the cabbage and the Rouladen were near perfect.The decor is a little sparse and the beer selection was almost non-existent so that reduced the star rating some.  I was more surprised by the cost, as for a small lunch plate and a beer was $22.00...and that WAS the special!  I am glad the food was as good as it was, or I wouldn't even consider going back.  I did however like the fact that most everyone in the restaurant at the time was or spoke German.  I did get the feeling I was sitting in a small town restaurant in Germany again.  If they like and approve of the food... then who am I to not give it another try.  This time I will use the Yelp deal I saw AFTER I checked in! LOL
4	We always have a good meal here.  Service during the lunch hour was pretty good.  Our group had the Ziguener Schnitzel, the Rouladen, and the vegetarian Spaetzle and mushroom sauce.  All were good and they had no problem with substitutions that were requested.We took advantage of a Yelp coupon as well.
4	A really nice place to go. Not noisy or crowded like Hofbrauhaus. Really miss Cafe Heidleberg, always took my dad there when he visits, but glad that we found this place now. Family-owned, just came here from Germany a year ago. Food is authentic and good. Decent portions and friendly service. I will take my dad there whenever he visits!
5	This place is amazing! I have had my fair share of good German food this place tops it all! Good German beer, great coffee, food was beyond words, and they have the best home made strudel I've ever had! Ganz Erstaunlich!
3	A little bit pricey for what you actually receive with an $8 sausage sandwich. I was expecting more for my money besides a sandwich and pickle. I don't think I would go back because I was not satisfied with what I received for my money. Also, the service was ok; the host was more interested in using his computer than paying attention to his guests. It didn't reflect much on my for my first time visit.
5	Very nice little German restaurant! I usually don't come down to this area, but since I was in the neighborhood I stopped by here cause I heard so much about it.The place is quiet and the waitress is nice, she was quick to take our order and the food came out fast. My friend had some pasta from the vegetarian menu and a side of potatoes (warning, the potatoes have bacon in them so if you're a veggie, make sure you request them without!) I had the platter that had two different types of sausage, mashed potatoes, and sauerkraut.Super good and pretty decent pricing. Not to mention they have german beer (a winner!) I would definately go back here if I was ever in this part of town again.
5	Gah! STRUDEL!!But I digress... This place is so quaint and the waitress so adorably German you just want to hug the life out of it. My friend and I came here after she got her windows tinted, and she was in the mood to be German.She got a platter of sausage, mashed potatoes and sauerkraut; I got the Spaetzl with cheese and a side of pan fried potatoes.The waitress was really fast and the food came out hot and quick- but my taters had bacon in them. I had no idea they would, and when I asked for a new plate sans bacon she took it back and gave me a new one. YAY! The sides do not say what they are clearly, so ask just in case.The Spaetzl was so yummy and fresh, and very good with the cheese (you can get it with meatless sauce as well, but cheese is better!) My friend devoured her plate, including the sauerkraut which she hated as a kid.Then we got STRUDEL!!!! GAAAHHHHH I love strudel! They have three types: Blueberry, Cherry and Apple, and they come with whipped cream and vanilla sauce. SO FRICKEN GOOD! Prices were moderate, and it seems they have a German Buffet here once a month- where you can have ALL YOU CAN EAT STRUDEL!
4	Got a 10%off coupon on Yelp. Showed it to the server she told me to hit redeem and that Yelp will do the rest. Honey it doesn't work that way you need to give me the discount. Didn't even bother to say anything just took the 10% out of her tip.I would give this a 5 star because the food is great.  However the service is lacking. We picked out our table and waited 20 minutes for someone to approach us, there was only two other tables in the place.  The server was more anxious about the party of 25 that was coming.  Get the Rahm Vienerschnitzel and the Strudel.
4	The food is great and very reasonable.  We will be back !
5	If you want authentic German food, eat here!! Great German pretzels!!! Great apple strudel. I feel like I just landed in Germany!!! I could eat here everyday. The chef came out and made sure we were happy with his work.
4	Great food, had the schnitzel just like the Berlin cafes when I visited there.  Great service and authentic food!!  Definitely will be going back often.
5	Cafe Berlin has authentic German food. A rarity in Las Vegas and worth supporting. We need more places like this that focus on getting the cuisine right. Come for a hearty satisfying meal that you might find in any  German a household. This is a good thing. The Jaeger Schnitzel is excellent and I found myself scraping every last bit of sauce up with the side of spatzle. I'll be back!
5	Let me ask you something, have you actually had german food?  If you answered yes or no, you need to come here for that nice reminder or that nice introduction to german food!!  I had the Cordon Bleu vom Schwein and it was excellent!  And i just finished my strudel and it was delightful!  Now that they are open on sunday i will be coming here more often.
2	We had the Jeager schnitzel and it was nothing like what we had in Germany.  It wasn't bad, pork pounded out, breaded and fried, but the gravy, although it was good was sparse and just mushroom gravy, not a hunter sauce and the mushrooms seemed canned.  The service was not good, not horrible but lacking.  For the price we thought if not a salad we would at least get some bread.  But no, schnitzel and spatzle with a little gravy.  We did take a piece of  strudel home and it was pretty good but the vanilla sauce was awful.  Not sure why this place has such high ratings.  We thought it was overpriced and just passible.
5	Awesome place. Appears to be family owned. The Wurstplatte was insanely good.
4	Finally Tried this place out! It is quite tasty!!!
5	This place is quite amazing. Lets start when I first walked into the cafe, quaint and clean. That's how I like my restaurant. Guy behind the counter said pick where ever you want to sit. Thumbs up, even better. Sit towards the back of the restaurant. Waiter comes out to give us the menu, small chitchat, he takes our drink orders. We look over the menu, classic German fair (schnitzel, sausage, etc) I ordered the Jaeger Schnitzel and a side of Red Cabbage. While waiting for my food, (enjoying a Warsteiner Pilnser on tap!!) I took notice to all the decor. The German flags, the US flag and all the Berlin posters was a real nice touch of ambiance. The waiter came over to check on us numerous times to see how we were doing. Then he brings the food out. GOOD GOD! Talk about a feast for the gods, my schnitzel was cooked perfect. The gravy that come on it was also perfect. Flavorful and delicious! The red cabbage was also cooked to perfection. Takes me back to when I was a child, eating German food with my family. After I was done with my entree, I had to order the strudel (apple) and wow, it was amazing. Talk about putting the cherry on the sundae. It was a perfect ending to an amazing meal. I will be recommending this place to everyone I know. I fully and whole heartily hope this place does well. I will be visiting this place as frequently as I can. I hope everyone gets to have the same experience as I do.
5	Since the Cafe Heidelberg closed, we had to find a new place for German food in Vegas. We've been to Hofbrauhaus before and were disappointed. We were hoping the Cafe Berlin would meet expectations for decent German food. We were pleasantly surprised because it EXCEEDED our expectations. My husband ordered the Jaegerschnitzel and I ordered the Rahm Schnitzel. Both were delicious! The schnitzels were a crispy, golden brown on the outside while moist and tender inside. The sauces were full of flavor but not too heavy and the spaetzl...mmmmm...nothing but fresh, buttery goodness. We finished our meal with a cherry streudel that was fabulous! it came with whipped cream and a subtle vanilla sauce that was so tasty I used my spoon to slop up what was left! They have an all you can eat buffet on the first Saturday of every month...needless to say, we plan to go back so we can try EVERYTHING!
2	Ok I don't know where to begin... I guess the beginning. I was brought here with great intentions for a great night with someone who knows German food. That's the best part of the experience! The place was empty and the server was nice and attentive but not anything special. I had asked for a specific salad dressing and he had told me they don't have it when they did. I had also said no onions and they were still on there. The iced tea was watered down or something as tasted very bland. There were only pork protein options except one dish. I don't typically eat pork except ribs so I got the one meat dish. The sauerbraten was very fatty meat but the part I did have was good in a nice sauce. The bread we got was skimpy, no rolls like in the picture and it was stale rye bread. His jaeger schnitzel was good as I had a few bites but I liked my sauce better. The spaetzle was also bland but looked like it should have so much more flavor. his beer also came in a liquor glass... Seemed odd but maybe a cultural thing and didnt seem to be the amount of beer stated on menu. The 6-10 bites of food I had was decent hence the two stars. Also if I ate more pork it might have been different... The only other German restaurant I went to at least had chicken options or something. The only chicken had ham with it and the waiter said couldn't make without it as already done. Now I have a sweet tooth... Apple pie is one of my favorites... However the picture of the strudel didn't seem appetizing as 80% pastry and 20% apple. Oh well saved me the calories. Maybe German isn't my thing, maybe just an off day and I should keep an open mind and give one more try, but with all the restaurants out there I like and that I haven't tried yet, it will not be a rush back.
5	This is the absolutely hands down best German food in Vegas! If you haven't been here yet, you should come try it out!
4	Aside from the occasional bratwurst I've never really had German food. Heck, I didn't even decide I liked beer until the last few months. However, once I spotted this place and saw that it was managing to stay open despite a less than stellar location I was intrigued. The reviews on Yelp were positive so I put it on our to do list. My husband lived in Germany for a few years as an Army brat and always raved about the food so he was an easy sell. We finally dined there this past Saturday and it did NOT disappoint!I called dibs on the Jaegar Schnitzel and since we never like to be "matchy matchy" in our choices he went with the Wurstplatte to get a taste of their main sausages. Meal wasn't quick to come out but I am pretty forgiving of this at mom-and-pops, especially when the food comes out hot and tasty. Check and check.This is NOT the place for you if you aren't into pork, breading and starches with nary a green in sight.  Also not the place for you if you are looking for lederhosen and atmosphere. This IS the place for you if you are looking for delicious food and pleasant service. Really, truly yummy, and my husband said my Schnitzel had a flavor he had been craving for more than 30 years. (and no, he doesn't say that to ALL the girls...)We are early eaters and arrived around 4:30. At that hour we are very often the sole diners even in super popular places, so we were surprised that a few tables were already occupied. It was positively jumping by 5:30. An accordion player was pumping out oompah and other assorted tunes, which I loved, always having had an inexplicable fondness for the instrument. We will absolutely be back. It's only been 3 days but I'm kinda craving it already.
5	This place is great. It's unfortunate that it took me so long to come here. It definitely met or surpassed our expectations. Great food. Friendly staff. For more detailFood:We ordered the jaeger schnitzel, the curry wurst and finished with a cherry strudel. The curry wurst was a grilled sausage with a German curry sauce (for those who have never had it, it's kind of like a ketchup with less complex sugars and more taste) and it was good. But the jaeger schnitzel was phenomenal and definitely lived up to the recommendations. It had the perfect crisp and yet was still a succulent chop. Not to mention the mushroom gravy that it is served. Though we were pretty much full we still went for the cherry strudel and it was also amazing. The portions are pretty decently sized and though it's not designed for family-style eating, many of the dishes are easy to share and I would encourage you to do so.Also, when we can, I really wanna try their buffet....*Homer Simpson voice* mmmm.....sausage buffetDrink:Besides your standard fare of soft drinks they have beer. Now, while they do not have a wide variety of beers, what they do have are good German choices. We went with the Warsteiner Dunkel, a good beer in it's own right, and a great compliment to the dishes. Atmosphere:We went sort of near closing time so it was pretty empty. It was lavish with decorations, and still had the looks of a simple shop, but it still felt homey (to me anyways). It can, however, accommodate large groups. Staff:Our server was very friendly and was helpful as much as possible. Since, as I noted, we went near closing and it wasn't that busy, I cannot comment how service is during a rush. But, I was pleased with their aim to please and I am willing to bet their service doesn't falter when they get busier. Overall, the quiet little spot delivers on great food and for sure, I will be coming here again.
5	Last night my husband and I brought our four-year-old to Cafe Berlin, and it was a hit with all three of us.My husband had the jaeger schnitzel, which I also wanted, but to get more of a variety I ordered the rahm schnitzel, and I'm glad I did! My son ordered chicken fingers, and I was expecting a typical kids meal, but it turned out to be fresh, sliced chicken strips with a schnitzel coating that I could have easily eaten for dinner myself. (The person who posted about them only having pork is incorrect - any of their schnitzels can be made with chicken, also.) We ordered mashed potatoes and red cabbage for sides.Now, I am going to compare our food to Hofbrauhaus, not because it is the marker against which all others should be judged, but because due to its location, it is more frequented and well-known. My schnitzel was served, and it was not as thinly prepared as HB's, but was better in every sense. Imagine exquisitely tender pieces of pork in the most divinely crisp and crunchy coating imaginable - all perfectly seasoned. I was in heaven. The rahm sauce was unexpectedly delicious. The spaetzle was skinnier than HB's, and had a lighter mouth feel. My red cabbage was cut more rustically than HB, and not as buttery, but still good. My favorite part was that I could get the combo of schnitzel with spaetzle, instead of HB's potato salad.I ordered the cherry strudel for dessert, and it was good. It is a generous portion of thick glazed cherries in a thin puff pastry-type dough rather than fillo-type pastry. It was served with a thin vanilla sauce and some whipped cream. The whipped cream was not the chantilly that you get from whipping heavy cream by hand, but probably from an aerosol can; they need to step that up to match the quality of the rest of their food!I can't wait to go back to try their pretzel with German cheese sauce. I also want to catch their buffet night, which is a great price.The service was pleasant, and the food came out in a reasonable amount of time, well worth the wait. The atmosphere is like German cafe/deli meets new American diner. If you want to go out for German food without the drive to the strip, the blaring live music and raucous drunks, it's a good option. It might not have as fun an atmosphere, but it was nice to have a quiet dinner where we could converse over a delicious meal. And, there is some fun in that.
4	What could be better in October than schnitzel and beer. Authentic food, great beer and service with a German accent. Had the meatloaf with a fried egg and a dark beer. It's the real stuff and will definitely will be coming back
5	Went here a couple days ago with my family.The food is absolutely delicious.  My Jaeger Schnitzel was fresh, crispy, flavorful and amazing.  The spaetzel was also really good.Prices are reasonable and the service was great!
4	I had fresh pretzels with obazer, spaetzel, and a house salad. The shining star of the night was the pretzel because it is FLOWN in from Germany! I felt like I was back in the Land of Poets and Thinkers!   My German fiance had schweinshaxe. He loved it! Prices are good too!
5	Great food, nice staff. Come to this place if you are tired of typical US cuisine you see at every corner.
5	The food was amazing, only to be surpassed by the service.The staff were so friendly and I felt very welcome even though I was eating by myself. I had a beer with lunch which was reasonably priced. I haven't had Paulaner in the states so it was nice to see that they have uncommon beers.I will be back with friends to share this hidden spot
4	It's not that I don't like German cuisine, I just don't prefer it. My dad loves it though, so we came here tonight with the rest of my family because his friends have been telling him about this place for a while now. I ate the pretzel with cheese, the kid's schnitzel, and the apple strudel. All DELICIOUS!The pretzel was crisp on the outside and so soft on the inside -- perfection. It was served with cheese on the side, and let me tell you! This was not your average velveeta or nacho cheese. They have chunks of butter mixed I to the cheese, and it is topped with red onion and green onion and a slice of radish. So good and fancy, just how I love it.I ordered the kid's schnitzel because we had the pretzel as an appetizer and I wasn't extremely hungry. This was a good portion! My mom ordered an adult portion of schnitzel and while my meal came with one piece, hers came with two. So my point is that my meal wasn't too tiny at all. Also, the kid's schnitzel is usually made with pork, but I asked for chicken instead and they were kindly accommodating. They told me that all meals are made to order and it isn't a problem to specialize and order. My crispy schnitzel was served with tasty fries, which I used to finish off the extra cheese from the pretzel, haha.Oh my goodness, the apple strudel was just lovely! It was served with whipped cream and vanilla sauce. Each of these components made for a beautiful dessert and such a wonderful finish to my dinner. When we come back, I'm probably going to order everything just like I did this time. So yummy!
1	I placed a bad review last week and it did NOT get posed.  The food is lacking, over priced and of poor quality  NEVER NEVER AGAIN AT THIS PLACE
5	Probably one of the best German restaurants that I've been to and that includes some in Germany!  Food is absolutely authentic and so are th staff.  Reasonable prices, casual atmosphere, nothing fancy, just good German food. German beer on tap too!
5	The food was delicious. We started off with a pretzel with the cheese. I could eat that pretzel plain. So tasty. Like other reviews, crispy outside and super soft on the inside. We had the sampler to share. Everything on that plate was delicious. Filled me and my wife up and we still had more leftover. The octoberfest was very tasty as well. Service was on top of it. Very friendly and quick. The place seemed to be busy the whole time we were there. Definitely gonna be a return customer.
5	Just moved to Henderson and saw the sign for this restaurant on the way back from a truck rental...  Checked out the reviews and was pleasantly surprised to find the best German food I've eaten since well... Germany!   Heidelberg and Berlin.   Don't mind the strip mall ambiance...  This is the real deal and worth every penny!   Owners are serious about the food and care about what they serve.   I had the jaeger schnitzel and spaezle...  There was a hint of nutmeg on The spaezle..  Which is a great detail most miss.   The Championne mushrooms in the schnitzel were Devine...  My warsteiner dunkel heffeweizen on tap was fantastic...  I took a slice of apfel strudel home and it was superb with a cup of coffee.  I recommend this restaurant and will be back for more!
4	The lady serving our table was friendly and quick. She also had a German accent which adds to the authenticity. I tried the currywurst and since I have never had it before I don't have a standard of comparison, but I can say it was really good. For dessert the blueberry strudel was delicious. Unfortunately I wasn't drinking beer, but I'd like to come back again and sample some German imports!
3	Had the Jaeger Schnitzel  $11.99Great crunchy crust, moist meat. We used the $15 for $20 yelp deal. Good food but slow service. The waiters were nice and had cute German accents, love that! But the food took forever to be served (approx. 40-45 minutes after ordering)! For dessert:"Homemade Strudel in different Kinds $4.99Apple, Cherry, Blueberry and Poppey Seed"we ordered the Apple Strudel, it had a nice flaky crust, great Apple filling that was not too sweet.I gave it 3 stars for the slow service. We waited a long time from being seated to getting our bill.
1	We went there, food was bad and over priced. wrote a bad review and it disappeared  kinda funny only good reviews
5	I have eaten at great restaurants in Bitburg Germany, and here in the states at Hallo Berlin in Corbettsville, NY for an example.Cafe Berlin is no different offering great German food! The sauerbraten and spatzle were great! In fact the spatzle at Cafe Berlin was the best I have eaten.The service is very good and the German accent of the waiter made me feel like I was back in Germany! Wunderbar!
4	I've had my eye on Cafe Berlin for a hot minute. Always telling myself I was going to go but I wanted to give it some time. This location has changed hands and restaurants many, many times and if Cafe Berlin was not going to last - well, I didn't want to waste my time. But a year and half later, it's still here so it was time to try the place.Let me start with my only complaint of this place - WHY THE HECK DID I WAIT SO LONG TO COME HERE!?My memories of Germany consist of a few different things: Good Times, Good Food, Good Wine and Good Beer. Living in Germany I have the luxury of having excellent German food. Those imbiss stands though. Delicious Brats, Pomme Frites with mayo, schnitzel that would rock your socks off. After leaving Germany, I just knew that I would never have German food that good again.Well my friends, Cafe Berlin has the most amazing Jaeger Schnitzel. It is perfectly fried with the a very nice, light & crunchy breading. It is topped with the most delicious cream sauce with mushrooms. The size of the jaeger schnitzel was slighter smaller than something you would find in Germany but in the end it was the perfect serving and I was satisfied. The spaetzle was seasoned very well and soft and pillowy. I also ordered a side salad with German dressing. Amazing. The salad itself was nothing special but the dressing was made perfectly. Not too oily, not too much sugar, not too much vinegar. I asked for it on the side so I could dress my salad myself and I think this is key. Last but not least, if in a German restaurant you have to have a pretzel. There is just something about a German pretzel that I love. I remember walking to the bus stop in the morning when I lived in Germany and always stopping by the bakeries to get me a warm pretzel bun. The pretzel here reminded me so much of that. It was hot, warm and soft. Served with a cheese spread. The pretzel came out so soft and warm that I couldn't wait to eat it and alas, no picture. I left Cafe Berlin with a very happy belly. I remember just being happy overall after eating there. I wanted to give this place 5 stars, but I will have to visit a couple more times before I can do that. But if you want a great schnitzel, do your belly a favor and get over here today.
4	Cafe Berlin is an un assuming German restaurant. It is the type of restaurant you seek out when your in the mood for a European experience. The Jaeger Schnitzel was excellant. Naturally a nice selection of German beers and wine. The most unusual aspect of this place is the genuine concern that management has in doing its very best. At each course I was asked if every thing was to my liking and the service was superb. Finally, having eaten strudel in Munich and Switzerland I found it to be not as flakey as I remember. This is an establishment that deserves a second visit.
4	food is pretty good and authentic here.had the jaegerschnitzel    11.99  $  and curry wurst  11.99 $ for lunch .the portions were not very big , but the flavors were good .
5	I drive by this place every day to and from work. Today I decided to stop in and satisfy my curiosity. Starting with the Goulash soup brought me back to my teenage years when we were in Germany on vacation. The soup was perfectly seasoned and delicious. I then had the Jaeger Schnitzel which was awesome. If I didn't know any better I would swear I was back in Germany. The staff is very nice and for 1:45 in the afternoon they had a decent crowd. I am glad I stopped and look forward to my next visit.
4	i do like this place!  They have authentic german food and authentic germans!!  They have all the staples - weinerschnitzel, bratwurst, sauerkraut, apple strudel, etc.  They also carry german beer such as warsteiner and paulaner.  It's a small place but usually not too busy.  It's just north of 215 and decatur in the middle of a strip mall.  Relatively easy parking and access.
4	We saw this place driving by and decided to check it out based on the review and our desire to have some German food for dinner. The restaurant is quaint with around 15 tables (some high tops) and a small bar at the front..  The tables are nothing fancy but the decor fits perfect with the name because it definitely gives you the cafe vibe with red table cloth and German decorations adorning the walls.  There's a small display case at the front as well that shows of some delicious strudel (more on that later).  They have a TV which appears to have a cable box but was being used to showcase the different dishes they have while we were there.  While we were there they had live accordion music playing and a sprinkling of Christmas decorations including a tree.  The live music I thought would be a bit overpowering in the space but turned out to be just the right noise level so as to not overpower our conversation.  The menu was just what we were looking for with various schnitzels, sausages, and traditional sides.  They also had a decent offering of German beer which they served in the proper glass by beer style (i went with a hefeweizen).  I went with the Jaeger schnitzel and my wife had the sauerbraten both with spaetzle.  We also split a side of potato salad.  The schnitzel (with pork) was crispy without being greasy and the mushroom gravy was delicious.  The spaetzle was a good side made even better with the gravy mixed in.  The beef in the saurbraten was very tender and the sauce was very tasty, not as good as the mushroom gravy, but a close second.  The potato salad was more of a mustard base than i'm used too (my family makes german potato salad more vinegar based and served warm) but it had a nice flavor just the same.The staff was very friendly, they sat us relatively quickly and got our order in a timely fashion considering all the tables save a high top was occupied and they had 2 servers.  The food came out pretty fast as well and they kept tabs on our drinks too.I had a 10% discount which they forgot to apply to the bill but happily provided us a  free plate of apple strudel in trade (which we happily accepted).  The strudel was served warm with some whipped cream and a creamy sauce as well.  They had cherry and blackberry as well which i'm sure are just as tasty.  the only thing that could have been better was the iced tea.  I'm not sure if it was a specific kind or just an off batch, but it was pretty watered down.  Given all the other pluses we'll certainly be there again to find out.  ich bin ein berliner!!
5	Really pleased with everything here. Had a pretzel with mustard for an appetizer and loved it (highly recommend that). Sauerbraten is excellent and the portion size was right on. Small place with a diner like vibe to it. I look forward to trying the buffet which is the first Saturday of every month!! Best German food in Vegas.
4	Not knowing it was the Buffet Saturday, we were satisfied with it. Had we realized we would have waited to another day; we never eat enough to make a buffet a deal. We will go back as I am still wanting Jaeger Schnitzel...
4	This review is for Cafe Berlin's once a month German buffet. They have it on the first Saturday of every month. I just happened to try this place for the first time on their buffet night. The buffet has a huge following, and reservations are necessary. We saw some people turned away when they showed up sans reservations. The buffet is $19.99 per person and includes a soda or iced tea. I think the price is a little high for what you get unless you are a big eater.There is a small table in the corner set up with a few chafing dishes, like at a dinner party. I'm not sure if the selections change, but the options we had on the buffet were: cucumber salad, potato salad, peas with carrots, red cabbage, sauerkraut, spaetzle, one kind of brown sausage, pork schnitzel, chicken schnitzel, Frikadelle (German meatballs), and fried Spam. There were some gravies and mustard but that was it. Very limited but most items were very tasty. The weirdest thing was the dessert option: a puff pastry topped with cherry or vanilla pudding, marshmallows and Cool Whip. It was good but it reminded me of something my white trash aunt would bring to the family potluck dinners when I was younger.The small restaurant was packed for the special buffet night and the kitchen had a difficult time keeping up with the crowd; whenever a cook would come out with a pan of fresh food, people descended on them like locusts. At least the stuff was prepared fresh but you had to be on your toes to get something, especially the schnitzel. As soon as it was put out, it was gone. They also ran out of plates several times (but this was quickly remedied).There is one major thing I really dislike about the buffet. For the steep per person price, pretzels and strudel are NOT included. That's kind of sticking it to you when, let's be honest, all of us want a dang pretzel and some apple strudel when we eat at a German restaurant. I ordered the pretzel anyway, but having to pay extra rubbed me the wrong way (especially when the one I was served was overcooked and almost burnt). It would be nice if the owners would include one or two pretzels and one strudel per table with the buffet. Note that if you go on the buffet night, that is your ONLY OPTION. We were told that you CANNOT order regular dishes off the menu (only beer, wine, strudel and pretzels). The service was good and the German employees were so kind and welcoming. The decor ain't great but the place has its charm. I did enjoy the food and I am anxious to return on a non-buffet night. The cucumber salad, spaetzle and red cabbage were true standouts! I will update my review after my next visit. The spaetzle was particularly authentic, it took me back to my trips to Germany!
5	Everything I have had here is good, homemade brats, jager schnitzel, and the beer is good.
5	My husband went there on Friday. We didn't know anything about German food. We tried sampler and a couple of German Beer. They are very tasty and people work there were very nice. We will go back and try Schnitzel next time.
5	The most amazing authentic German food we've ever had in America! The staff are amazing and even helped with gluten free menu options (schnitzel w/out breading and gluten free gravy, French fries, cabbages, sausages except the bier wurst...). We came for our second time at lunch and ordered the sample platter and shared with four adults as well as a couple sides. And we were plenty stuffed! We also shared two strudels (apple and blackberry) both were great! Will return again and again!
5	We just went today with a group of 8. Ate all aspects from Veg to Sampler platter. Great place for German Bier and Food! Don't forget the Strudel, we had the Kirsch (cherry) and we about licked the platter!
5	There are few places to get German food in Las Vegas, let alone good German food.The pretzels are great. Fresh baked, warm, and served with spicy mustard. Exactly how they are meant to be eaten - none of that Auntie Anne's buttered crap around here! I always get the wurstplatte, which is 4 sausages, mashed potatoes, and sauerkraut. Everything is cooked to perfection.It doesn't look like much, the decor is very basic, but holy hell the food is fantastic!
5	Food is incredible. Service is perfect. Ambience needs some attention. Cafe Berlin, please get rid of the fluorescent lights. I'd come back more if the lighting didn't give me a headache and make me feel like I'm at a Wal-Mart. But if bad lighting and cheap chairs and tables doesn't bother you, then you will love everything about this place.
3	You can't beat a good schnitzel, and this place is hard to beat. My only complaint is the service isn't the fastest. You man find yourself waiting more than 5 Minutes to get a simple glass of water and a hello from the wait staff. I feel this place with be a solid 4 stars from me if they paid more attention to their customers while they are in the restaurant.
5	I've been back a few more times and it continues to be excellent. Order the schnitzel and you can hear the chef in the kitchen pounding out the veal. Although this seems like nothing, it's really a big deal because that's how real schnitzel is made. The result is delicious! I've been to other German restaurants like Brotzeit  where the meat is obviously preformed frozen portions. Lumpy etc.This is a very family friendly place and the waiter, cook, owners stop by the table to make sure everything is fine. I love that! Kid friendly!
4	I've never been to a cafe/restaurant that specializes in German food, since there are not many options in Las Vegas. When I entered the cafe, the employees were very friendly, and were patient with me as a fumbled through the menu. I ordered a draft Paulaner Munich premium beer to drink. To eat I ordered  Jaeger Schnitzel (pork cutlets with mushroom gravy), it's served with a side of fresh Spaetzle. I also ordered one white Bockworst on the side. As I look around the restaurant while waiting for my food, I see many German style decorations that are cool to look at. The music playing is a local "pop" station. All the employees have a German accent, which is nice to hear, means they know how to cook some German food, haha! The food was really good... The total bill came to $28 dollars (not including tip). You get a little wrapped German chocolate square with the bill. The only downside to my entire experience was the shopping centers parking is a little crazy.
3	I really wanted an apple strudel so decided to stop here for lunch.  Food was good, not as good as in Germany or Austria, but good enough.  However, I can inly give this place 3 stars, since I ordered mashed potatoes as a side and got INSTANT MASHED POTATOES.  I inquired and apparently all their mashed potatoes are instant.  Perhaps I am being harsh, but when youre running a small family owned restaurant and not a KFC and pride yourself on "authentic" flavor of a particular country, serving Uncle Ben potatoes just doesnt seem right, especially when you charge over $3 for it as a side.
5	Love this place! I go out of my way while in Las Vegas to eat here. Good food and great beer!!!
5	Really good beer, Really good food. I love everything about this place I don't need to say much come here and try it. And you will not be let down.
5	I am surrounded by people making yummy noises.  A couple next to me is on a mission to try every menu item.  This is my first time and I couldn't resist the curry wurst.  Schmeckt gut!  The rouladen at the table next to me looks amazing.  Now I'm on a mission to try every menu item!
3	Came here on a Friday night, had heard from a coworker that it was good. I had the Rahm Schnitzel,  sauce had decent flavor; however the spaetzel was very dry and over cooked. Portions kinda small, and no salad, pretzels or bread included with dinner. My husband had the Worstplatte, which is a selection of their sausages. Over cooked as well. Mashed potatoes were runny and not enough of them. Sauerkraut was very tasty. Price per dinner for what you get is not worth it.  (Oh and the cost of their first Saturday dinner buffet has gone up to $22.99 supposedly includes beverage and dessert.)Overall disapointing. I can make better at home.
5	We took a few real German friends visiting Vegas to the Cafe Berlin.   We each ordered various dinners.  Each one of us was extremely pleased.  The home made spaetzle was absolutely delicious.  We had the hunter's schnitzel was exceptional.   We even had room for dessert which we shared. Thank goodness it passed the test almost as good as food in Germany. Would highly recommend and would revisit.
4	This was my first visit here. Met my sister and brother in law for dinner. We were greeted right away when we walked in. Given our choice of seats. It was a little busy. Our server came over to get our drink orders. We received the drinks quite quickly, then we ordered some pretzels, our waiter suggested he bring the pretzels first then he will take our dinner order. The pretzels were perfect, light and airy great flavor right amount of salt. Then we ordered potato pancakes. They were served with a side of sour cream and apple sauce. Two huge potato pancakes came out, with generous portions of the sour cream and apple sauce. They were delicious. Fried to the right amount of crispy. Honestly the best I have ever had. I ordered the sauerbraten with a side of red cabbage and the cucumber salad. Loved every bit of it. The sauerbraten was fork tender, the spaetzel was divine. The gravy was the correct consistency and tasted fantastic. Two big a portion, took half home. My husband had one of the schnitzels which he loved and he also took half home. My BIL had the rouladen which I tasted and loved. Will order that next time. The service was outstanding from beginning to end. Everyone there was so kind and engaging. I look forward to many more visits.
5	This restaurant is so delicious! I recommend the schnitzel with mushroom sauce and egg noodles, so tasty. Everyone needs to check this place out!
5	Best German food in Las Vegas, hands down. It's not the "touristy" hofbrau haus, it's a mom n pop. Owners are from Germany.  Try the jaegerschnitzel, it'll change your life
3	Menu a bit pricey, but service is impeccable and restaurant is clean and small/intimate. I enjoyed our dining experience here we will definitely go back the food was good even tho the menu was a little bit on the expensive side for a cafe.
5	Delicious! Bier-cola is just as I expected! If you haven't had it, you should try it! Rahm schnitzel was so so so good and the curry wurst was amazing. You have to try the strudel, in any flavor but I love the blueberry!Fast friendly German service with authentic food made to order. Great place!
4	Authentic German food.  My husband and I ordered two different kinds of Schnitzel and both of them tasted wonderful.  Reminded me of my mother's meals.  The food is really worthy of 5 stars, but the service was terrible so I only gave 4.  Two young men were serving and although the restaurant was not busy, we only saw them when they served our meal.  I had to get up and ask for a take out box and our bill.  Having said that, the food was so good, we'd go back.
5	Went here during a buffet night. I was very happy to find that they accept BitCoin, yay! Its just too bad I didn't have any in my BlockChain account lol. The food was decent, but a little bit bland at the same time. I would probably give them 4 stars, but I didn't have a reservation and they slid me right in, so they really deserved the extra start for going above and beyond.I would definitely stop here again, but I'm also not sure when the buffet typically takes place. I know its just once per month.
5	If you are looking for some authentic German food, look no further! The menu is very non-German friendly with excellent descriptions of their dishes. Foods arrive at your table piping hot, fresh and delicious. Did I mention they have a few select German beers to partake? Well, they do. Oh yes, to finish a few different strudels to choose. Enjoy!
3	Having driven by this place on numerous occasions, I finally got the chance to give them a try for lunch. We ordered in advance, since we were crunched for time and had a rather large group. Our food was ready when we arrived. We had a pretty large party and the the staff was able to accommodate us nicely. I opted for the schnitzel sandwich and we all shared some large baskets of fries. The food was good. I have had German food on a number of occasions over the years, but I am far from experienced with the cuisine. The bread was good, although a little doughier than I prefer. I enjoyed the schnitzel quite a bit. It was juicy and moist, which is important. I wasn't crazy that it just came with lettuce and mayonnaise. I guess I was hoping for something a little more flavorful. The fries were disappointing and bland, so I don't see myself ordering these again. We also tried the apple strudel, which was tasty and had a great texture. Service was on point and I look forward to trying this place again for a little more of their more traditional dishes. Their dinners and other lunch options look promising.
5	Delicious!  We will be back.  We stopped for lunch.  Higher $$ then fast food, but worth it if you're in the mood for German food.
4	I absolutely love German food! This place is extremely authentic. The food is fabulous, seasoned perfectly. The service is wonderful also. Highly recommended.
1	Went from bummed to furious. I got the bier brat sandwich which was decent. My s/o got the Nuernberger Bratwuerst, which also tasted good. Menu said the latter was 12.99, was charged 17.50. Ordered German Potato salad and received normal potato salad, Told the waiter it wasnt what what we expected and were still charged for it. Some gal, assuming the manager, came up and explained why we were wrong and that the recipe that  was used has been in her family for generations. I will NEVER be dining at this location again and will ABSOLUTELY be telling everyone I know to avoid it. I would give 0 stars if possible. Overcharged and poor customer service from what should have been a neat little restuarant.
4	It's an amazing restaurant! Their food is very delicious and their chefs are really nice!
4	Excellent German food. Practiced my German with the owner, who was very nice and explained that they make all their own sausages. Very tasty and exactly as I remembered from living in Germany. Had the bratwurst and bratkartoffel. Excellent. Large portions. Nice place that I don't think many tourists frequent. I would recommend if you want an authentic German meal.
5	Omg - authentic and homemade German food. Everything and I mean everything we had was excellent!!  Service. Food. Wine. Beer. Dessert. Even the after dinner mint exceeded our expectations and were amazing!!  Highly highly recommend to anyone visiting or living in Las Vegas looking for a quiet atmosphere with great food!!!  Will definitely be a frequent guest!!!
5	good "real" German food. Not American-German food! I like the Rouladen.
3	Food is good... But service has an attitude. Too bad. Probably won't be back because I don't like places that are so quick to tell you no and refuse to even be nice about it.
5	Just got back from a trip to Germany. I can honestly say Cafe Berlin's Jagerschnitzel is better then most in Deutschland. Their curry wurst is the most authentic I've had in the state. Even if you have never had german food you'll like Cafe Berlin.
5	On the spur of the moment we called at 7:15 pm on a Saturday night and asked for a reservation for 7:35 as we were 20 minutes away. With a genuine German sense of order we were told we could only have a reservation for 7:45 which we gladly took. Arriving at 7:35 our table was waiting for us. The schnitzels and sausages and cherry strudel our group of four ordered was excellent. So was the Wahrsteiner draft dark beer. Our group of four split two entrees and the wait staff was very gracious about and there was no split plate fee, although we were served with four plates.  Excellent food and gracious service. Yes, we will be back.
4	This place has really noisy interior during peak dinner hours. We came as a party of four but opted to only ordered two entrees to share among the two couples and they were very gracious about it. Webshared the house sausages with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut. The sauerkraut couldn't have been better - I loved it. Everything else in this entree was great but I am a huge fan of the sauerkraut!We also shared a cherry turnover. If you come here, don't leave without trying this dessert item!
5	Hands down the most authentic German food I have tried in Las Vegas! I ordered the Rouladen with the dumpling, red sauerkraut and gravy and it was delicious. I have traveled to Germany many times and lived there when I was younger and this place is hard to beat on the taste spectrum. It also makes me happy that they have German beers & Radler ( Beer & sprite mix). This place is more affordable then the massive Hoffbrahause & its nice to support a small & local cafe. Planning on coming back soon!
5	I tell you not a good day for my girlfriend. But one thing that change the hole day was taking my girlfriend  to CAFE BERLIN the food was amazing the service was off the top! And the owner very compassionately with my girlfriend, couldn't ask for a better dinner night out on a Monday! Must try it. if you never had German food and great beer!!
5	If you like German and I mean if you really like German food you have to come here
5	Really good service and food. Owners are very interactive and friendly. I ordered the Rahmschnitzel with mashed potatoes. My friend had the wurst platter. Both were very good and the owners came often to make sure everything was ok. While it's authentic german food for Las Vegas, it's hard to recreate real german food without being in Germany as I have been there twice. This is a great stop and I definitely recommend this for good german food
5	I had the sauerbraten, which was absolutely fantastic.  They take a very tender tri-tip and marinade it for 72 hours (or longer) in their special marinade.  Delicious from the first bite!  Also the apple strudel with warm vanilla cream was excellent as well.  Can't say enough good things about the meal we had.
5	Our friend took us here it is , solo good that we are going again today.  Every thing is made there..
5	Forget the German tourist traps (hofbrauhaus anyone?) and lederhosen.  If you want authentic, made from scratch, honestly priced German food, search no longer. The Cafe Berlin serves all that with a smile and graceful management.We tried the pork shnitzel and the cordon bleu, both delicious, perfectly cooked and made with first quality ingredients.Another table close to ours, with some German clients, was eating sausages, looking very pleased.It is a little off the beaten paths, but worth the trip. Germany, after all, is farer, and you'll find the same quality here.
4	Delicious Food, fresh and authentic!  The food was amazing.  We went for lunch and it took nearly 30 minutes to receive our food but the food was fresh, hot and delicious!  I had the schnitzel sandwich while my friends had the bratwurst burger and Rahm Schnitzel.  Everything was sooooo Good!  I cant wait to go back!
5	Wow...just wow. Great food. Authentic and fresh. Pretzel was delicious and hot from the oven. All wursts were perfectly prepared. Definitely our new go-to.
5	There dark hefeweizen is amazing! it's my favorite
5	Damn good food!  So nice to stumble across a place in Vegas that isn't a chain franchise. Bonus points - they have REAL beer too to go with the authentic German food.
4	Das Essen ist wunderbar! Who knew you could find authentic German food in the Las Vegas Valley? Cafe Berlin is randomly placed in the tiniest strip mall ever with two other food places and a insurance office. Weird.I noticed this place after pumping gas across the parking lot and decided to try it out. The first thing you notice when you walk in is the decor; the place is set up like an old school cafeteria buffet with Red, Yellow, and Black colors everywhere to represent the German Flag. There are also a lot of German themed posters and even a clock that gives the current time for Las Vegas and the current for the city of Berlin. I was happily greeted at the door and was told I could sit anywhere. I sat down and browsed the menu and immediately noticed numerous tasty delicacies which reminded me of my Gam-Gam's cooking. I mean we're talking bratwurst, liverwurst, and a new thing I had never heard of called, "Currywurst". I saw the house special and thought to myself, "when in Germany"..."I'll have the Jaeger Schnitzle and the Spaeztle please!" Within about 10 minutes I had a piping hot plate of authentic German food in front of me. If you're not familiar with Schnitzle it's basically a meat of some type, usually pork, that has pounded flat, breaded, and fried. Yummy! This plate of food was delicious! The Schnitzle, in this case pork, was super tender and cooked perfectly; juicy on the inside, nice and crunchy on top. This plate of food also came with a side dish called Spaeztle, which is a soft egg noodle with very little taste. I mixed mine with the mushroom gravy that was on top of my Schnitzle. Even though there wasn't much flavor on these noodles they still added to the meal and complimented the saltines of the gravy. I inhaled this meal and was a fat, happy little German boy all over again. Just as I was awakening from my food coma and was just about to pay the check, I saw a giant pretzel come out of the kitchen, made in-house and fried to order. This giant twisted carb loaded goodness would not escape my grip and I ordered one for the road. I actually ate half of it on my way home, so soft and delicious how could you say no? This giant knotted doughy treat come with two different dipping sauces: a cheese and dijon mustard. So good! Cafe Berlin is awesome. Great customer service, quick food preparation and a very chill atmosphere. They also serve a small selection of German beers if you feel like getting the full Berlin experience. I will definitely be back to try the Wurstplate with three different types of sausage goodness. Alveterzane!
5	Great place.  Finally a place that has good German food. I wish I knew about this place when the world cup was going on. I had the Jager schnitzel....fantastic! I'm also a sucker for spatzel and mushroom sauce. This place nailed it.I'll be back for sure. Next time I'll try the sausages.
5	I had the Jaeger Schnitzel and it was the best I've had in years.   The beer was refreshing.   Will definitely  come back! The owner and all the workers were very tentative and friendly as if you were coming into their home.. Not as flashy as Oktoberfest,  but that's why it felt more welcoming   if you want awesome service,  and delicious food come check out this place..  Very authentic, and great experience  overall!
3	Good food, very nice owner.   We went here on a Friday night and didn't know it was going to be the buffet style.  All the food they had was good.  They did run out of a few items while we were still eating and did not replenish them, because it was later in the evening(which is why I gave this a lower rating).  I also expect things like sauerbraten on a buffet that is $21+ a person.  So overall, very good food, just a little too expensive.  $16.99 adults would have been more palatable. And I feel like you can't ever run out of food or desserts on a buffet, no matter what time.
4	I don't know anything about German food. This place was close to where we working for the day and we figured we would stop in. Had a group of 5 of us and came in for a workday lunch. I had a pretzel with cheese which was incredible. They baked it fresh and brought it right out of the oven. It was great. Then I had the sausage with potatoes and red cabbage. I was very skeptical of the cabbage but the entire meal was just incredible. the staff was great too! They are from Germany, very hospitable and helped with recommending items on the menu. I am now a German food fan! Can't wait to go back.
4	I have been there twice and love the food and the staff.   I will return when I am in town.   This is much better then others I have been to whole in town.
5	Very good food! I was not disappointed. I will be returning and telling my friends. I passed by here everyday I and had to try it. The Bier brat was great. Nice quiet place, nice pictures and atmoshere
4	This place is great! food is Excellent !!.I can tell there is a lot a  love and passion :))) Everything taste so good here:)))
5	Yes we have dined here before & the food is always wonderful. We just love German food!
4	I'll caveat this review with the fact that I lived in Bavaria for 4 years.1.  The waiters (owners?) spoke German to each other, so there's some authenticity.2.  A previous reviewer mentioned Kantine.  I see his point - the food is all very good, but comparable food in Germany can be found in lower-end restaurants.3.  The portions were rather small compared to German portions.  Think kleine schnitzel.  Therefore, the price seemed a bit on the high side.4.  The waiters (owners) were super friendly though.  And they serve Paulaner ($6.95 for a half-liter).  You can even get Eine Mass size.5.  The best food in Berlin isn't German (Turkish).  This place reminded me more of Bavarian food (spaetzle, weisswurst, the beer), which is a good thing (not sure what the Berlin connection is).6.  They have specials depending on the day of the week.  Saturday is schweinhaxe (dang it, I came on Friday).  They also have a buffet one day a week and the waiter admitted that lunch is busier than dinner.  Located in a strip mall off of Decatur.7.  I checked in on Yelp, and a 10% discount popped up for dinner for two.  I asked if this applied to my lunch for five, but he said nein.  8.  I miss Germany.
5	Absolutely the best place for Authentic German Food any where on the planet!! (Ok, Germany my be an equal.) If you live within 200 miles you need to walk here and just get in here and eat!!Cafe Berlin is the epic German food stop!!
5	Seriously the best German  food in Vegas ....feels like in my grandmother's  kitchen each time i eat here!!! The rouladen is to die for!!!!
4	Had a craving for authentic German food and found it. We went on a Sunday just as they opened, 4pm. I ordered the Rahm Schnitzel (chicken) and it was delicious. Cooked, seasoned and presented humbly but with a touch of elegance with the spaetzle on the side. Server was personable and attentive. Enjoyed the Koenig Ludwig Dunkel and Apple strudel. A bit pricey but that's the only thing about the place that I didn't find favorable. I'd go back.
5	Ever since we came back from an amazing trip to Germany, we have been craving authentic German food. We found it. Cafe Berlin is a hidden treasure in this town and we are so excited to make regular visits here! The schnitzel is perfect, loved the homemade spatzel, and YOU HAVE TO SAVE ROOM FOR THE STRUDEL!!! Wonderful service! They were so kind and gracious. We will be back...probably tomorrow!!
4	I had traveled to Germany a couple years ago, so stumbling upon this place was a treat. It took me back to those few days that I spend in Germany. I ordered the jaeger schnitzel which was delicious when served with one of their beers. The only things that I would complain about is that it's relatively pricey and the service was rather slow(they must have been short staffed that day). However that doesn't stop me from trying going back and trying their buffet!
5	Good real German food. Price and portions are smaller during lunch during the week, making for a more reasonably priced and portioned lunch. The potatoes -- mashed or roasted -- and gravies/sauces are very good accompaniment to their excellent brats and schnitzels.
4	Very good!  Excellent bratwurst although the jyst baked soft pretzel wasn't soft.  Still, i would come back.
4	The bratwurst burger may have been the best burger I've ever had.
4	It was great to find an restaurant serving authentic German food in Las Vegas. Thanks to Yelp reviewers for the help. Atmosphere at Cafe Berlin is not a strong point but when food is this good it doesn't matter. Service was prompt and friendly. The table positions provided plenty of space through out the room which was brightly lit and clean. The menu has a large selection of  schnitzels and sausages. The portions are large. A tip - consider sharing or as we did plan to bring the leftovers home for another meal.Our server provided a complementary dish of bread rolls. These were hot rolled bread topped with caraway seeds and served with a side of sour cream. A wonderful melt in your mouth starter. I ask what they are called and our server said it was not on the menu, just something the chef made. The 2 entrees ordered were the Schweine Schnitzel  served with Potato Salad and Jaeger Schnitzel  served with Spaetzle. The main difference is the Jaeger Schnitzel is covered in a fantastic mushroom gravy and the other is plain.  Both schnitzel dinners come with 2 pieces of high quality pork that was breaded and cooked to a crispy perfection. You cannot go wrong with either.We left no room for dessert but could not pass up taking home 2 slices of strudel, apple and cherry. Included was a container of decadent frosting. We just warmed these and enjoyed. Both strudels are worth a return trip to enjoy with coffee at the deli counter.Our next visit will be for the buffet which only available on the first Saturday of the month starting at 4 PM. Our server recommended making reservations. Stay tuned for a follow up review.
5	Let me just begin by saying THE BEST FRIED POTATOES. This is my fourth time here it is a small quaint family run German restaurant. They serve the best comfort food. I highly recommend the jaeger schnitzel.
5	If your looking for authentic German food this is the place! The Rouladen was the best I've had yet. A must try!
4	The Dinner Buffet is available only on the first Saturday of the month. I made a reservation through Yelp 3 days in advance and received an email confirmation. Also received a reminder the day of the dinner. Upon arriving the restaurant they had no record of the reservation. The place was very busy with only a few tables available. Fortunately one was available for 4 people and we were seated immediately. The staff apologized for the problem but could not explain why the reservation did not show up on their system. The buffet had a wide selection of items. 3 types of sausages, schnitzel, spaetzle, mashed potato, potato salad, sauerkraut, red cabbage, 3 types of gravy, burger patties, fried chicken and a dessert.The turnover was very fast and the kitchen was working hard to keep food in the warmers.Overall the food was good with the hot items being hot. The difference between the buffet and ordering off the menu was the schnitzel pieces on the buffet were smaller and seemed to be a little overcooked. Also are some items on the menu which are not on the buffet and hence requires another visit for more great German food.
5	This is a wonderful family owned restaurant. What a pleasant surprise! I'm glad I tried it! I can't spell or say most of the items in the menu but they sure are tasty! I recommend the sample platter. It's really good and has a variety I didn't expect.
5	Stopped here for lunch after seeing their advertisement on TV. Friendly service, greeted with a smile when entered and made to feel welcome. Food was hearty and delicious as German food should be. I had the sausage with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut which was topped with a light and tasty gravy. Very satisfying and tasty. Will definitely return.
5	Joined some family for dinner here and was very pleasantly surprised.  The restaurant is not fancy, but the food is delicious, and the people, I believe they were the owners, were incredibly friendly.  I had the weiner schnitzel, and my dinner mates ordered the sauerbraten and the Rouladen.  The schnitzel was melt in your mouth tender and so flavorful, I could not stop eating it.  The potato salad that accompanied it was equally delicious.  Everyone raved about the food.  I will definitely be back and I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants to enjoy some of the best German food I've ever eaten.
5	There are many places that claim they have traditional German food and it is hard to find good German food in the USA. Well, I found a legit place! In fact, I like the German food here better than when I was in Germany. The homemade goulash soup was superb as a starter. We shared the sample plate which gives a good variety of meats and sides. Everything was very tasty and flavorful. This is a great place for comfort food like real home cooking. Service was attentive as he explained the dishes to us.Personally, I could care less about price only if the food is that Awesome...I will definitely be back!
4	I am from Berlin Germany. Coming to the Cafe Berlin on New Year's Day was a nice treat. Service was very friendly, fast. Food excellent with one exception: curry Wurst. As a Berliner we are spoiled because we have the best Curry wurst ever. The one I had here did not measure up. A bit sad about that. The amount charged for the Curry Wurst  is to much for what you get also. But everything else I had was really good. Will come back here for sure!!!
4	How do you say excellent in German? I have no idea, but that pretty much sums up my meal tonight. A few girlfriends and I get together once a month for dinner. I saw this place while getting gas one day on my lunch break, Yelped it, and after reading all the positive reviews told the girls we should check it out. I chose this night in particular because they have the dinner buffet. Every first Saturday of the month they offer an ayce buffet. It says reservations are recommended on buffet night, but I would say they are mandatory. This place is small on the inside with maybe 10-12 tables, and they were all full. We had resos for 4pm and were seated promptly. Someone took our drink order and showed us to the buffet table. Now keep in mind I have never had German food before, so I wasn't sure what to expect. The buffet is small, but everything looked good. They had about 5 hot trays with different offerings. Mashed potatoes, spaetzle, roasted chicken, veggies, red cabbage, sauerkraut, 3 different types of sausages, schnitzel, 3 different gravies, potato salad, and a few small desserts. I tried some of everything and hands down my favorite thing was the schnitzel with mushrooom gravy. The schnitzel was crispy and flavorful, and the mushroom gravy was a delicious complement. If no one was watching, I might have licked my plate clean. I went back for seconds for this.I didn't care for the sausages too much or the spaetzle. The sausages tasted all the same to me. Unfortunately the sign at the buffet just said "sausages," so I wasn't too sure what I was actually eating. My main complaint is the dessert, or lack thereof. At the end of the buffet there was a paper plate that had a few mini muffins and some chocolate and powdered mini donuts, like the kind you buy in a 6 pack at the gas station. Pretty lame. They do have a dessert case with black forest cake and different kinds of homemade strudel. My suggestion would be to have some of those items included in the buffet for dessert. My last complaint would be the price tag on the buffet. For the amount of items, most of them being sides, I think the price is a bit too high. It's not a deal breaker though. I will definitely be back. If you are thinking about checking this place out I would suggest going on buffet night, so you can taste a little bit of everything and see what you like. I will be back for sure.
5	My cousin and I were looking for an adventure and we found the perfect place!!! I have never tried German food but this was the perfect place! The food was amazing, the beer on draft was amazing, the staff was more than kind, and my experience here was unforgettable!!! Would recommend to anyone looking for some good eats!!
5	We love German food and this cafe is excellent.  Been here several times and have never been disappointed.  Service is great, prices are great and food is out of this world.  The owners and employees are terrific and loved the conversation with them.  Brought back many fine memories of our time in Germany.
2	Came here to try their monthly buffet and have decided this place is mediocre at best...This place is way over-rated! How they have an average of nearly 5 stars is beyond me because I would not come back, especially at the prices they're charging! $22.99 for a dinner buffet is ridiculous when you walk in and see this hole in the wall joint and their tiny spread of about 7 or 8 items on the "buffet", with most of those items being sides such as sauerkraut, red cabbage, mashed potates, spaetzle, etc. Don't get me wrong, I liked the sides, but just wish there were more entree type items instead of just the 4: assorted sausages, schnitzel, roasted chicken, and some hamburger patty looking thing .The dessert spread is also a joke, with most of it being stale and looking worse than Hostess packaged snacks...why wasn't there any Black Forest cake or strudel? And why does a German buffet serve stale cupcakes and cookies? The buffet includes a soft drink but if you want beer that will cost extra. If you want a pretzel or real dessert, such as strudel, you'll have to pay extra too. So where does the $22.99 I'm paying for the "buffet" go? The staff was nice and kept coming by to check on us and refill our drinks. There was a little confused when we arrived because they couldn't figure out my reservation and we eventually figured out that they had for some reason crossed me off the list even though a reserved tag with my name on it was cleared set on the table. Reservations are recommended here at any given time because their place is so tiny and it for some reason gets very packed.I wouldn't say that I'm an expert when it comes to German food but I've definitely had some way better places, and at cheaper pricing too. There aren't many German joints in Vegas but I'd say one of my favorites anywhere is still Hoffbrauhaus, which is surprisingly cheaper than this place! Yeah it doesn't make sense to me either...I'd say skip this place and save your money!
4	The Sampler Platte is the best bang for the buck if you're looking for a little bit of everything!
