5	Venezia must have heard my cry for a location over here. That's probably one of the first things I said after moving to this part of town. "they should open a venezias' They opened on Thursday and I probably had tears of joy. This is my favorite delivery, by the slice pizza in AZ. the crust is thin, the sauce is tangy, the cheese is stretchy, and it pretty much has everything i love about pizza. I am sad about the delivery charge, it always makes me confused. do i tip? how much do i tip if they already charged me? should i not tip? whatever, as longs as i have a place to go when i crave pizza
3	About what you'd expect from your average strip mall neighborhood pizza joint.  The pizza equivalent of "Joe Smith 123 Anystreet, USA" if you will.
5	tits.. don't listen to Something. Venezias used to keep me alive when I lived in Tempe. Best NY pizza in AZ-
5	I finally found yummy giant size slices of pizza close to home!  The boyfriend and I visited at lunchtime and the place was buzzing.  The staff is very friendly and the service is quick.  They have slice specials including a drink for $5 and some change.  A great value for the huge portions you get.  I got a slice of pepperoni with a salad.  Pizza is thin crust you can fold, perfect amount of sauce and toppings.  The salad was crisp and green.  Not that pale iceberg lettuce mix you get at a lot of places.  I liked how they put the dressing on the side as well without having to ask for it.  Looking forward to trying everything on their menu!
5	I've pretty much already reviewed the Venezia's in Tempe, but uhh, this place is just too good. The fact that they have multiple locations is even better. This one is right next to my significant other's house so I can pretty much hit his place up at any time. Essentially it is a staple to our diet. Imagine what would happen if the slaves didn't have cornmeal, or asians didn't have rice, or the Irish didn't have potatoes. Ok?
5	Great...convenient to everything in NE Mesa. Whenever I see little pizza shops like this with all new decor, I always think how long they'll be around. These guys are here to stay! Food is excellent, and their deals of the day are a good reason to come grab a slice pretty much anytime.
4	I'm always looking for a good local pizza joint to satisfy my thin crust and monster slice cravings. Venezia's does deliver in this department. The pizza is NY style, big slices, and very good sauce with a bit of spice to it. The crust is good (not great) and this becomes a little more noticeable when eating leftovers the next day. Eating a slice of cold pizza separates a great pie from a bad one in this foodie's book. Great pizza is still rockin' good whether cold or reheated. Average pies get rubbery or chewy. Their pizza was just OK on Day 2. This would normally warrant 3 stars, but I also got a side of wings and Venezia's totally nailed them. I'm a wing snob (no, that's not an oxymoron) and I've definitely been to places that have no clue how to make a decent chicken wing. I paid the extra $1 to get all drums and they were very nice and meaty. I always order medium buffalo style the first time to gauge how spicy their sauce is. The sauce was just the way i like it, with the right amount of heat to make it enjoyable. I seriously could have skipped the pie and just eaten the wings that night. They were so large that I only ate half the order (and they tasted just fine reheated on Day 2)... I'll be back to get my pizza and wing fix again, though I'd probably opt for a smaller pie and an extra order of wings next time. Enjoy!The East Valley Foodie
4	We were over in this area visiting family, and decided to order take out so that we could watch the game. I always like to try pesto pizza from different places. The pizza was good, but a lot more oily than I like. The salad and the boneless wings were very good. I still really like their pizza, but probably won't get the pesto one again.  Love their thin crust.
5	This is easily one of the best by the slice pizza places in town! In addition they offer a great atmosphere for watching sports and hanging out! The pizza slices are large and thin crust.. new york style. I can barely finish two large slices! They have that perfect combo of chewy and crispy crust! Service is always top notch and quick even when the place is packed! Lately, I've enjoyed getting a slice, half-salad, and drink combo for around $5! Their greek salad is fantastic!
5	You talk about a humongous pizza, and you can find it here in Venezia's.  The size of the pizza represents how big a heart the chefs put into every portion of the pizza.  They have many original flavors, but also some specialties such as pesto chicken, BBQ chicken, and much more.  You can also order by the slice or get a combination of pizza(s), salad, and drink.  I have tried the BBQ chicken and Pesto Chicken, and each time I want more, but I am just ridiculously full right after!
5	This is my favorite pizza to order near my house. All of those nationwide chain pizza joints offer such terrible products, I don't know how Americans stand it. If you want great handmade, family owned, down home goodness, Venezia's is where it's at.They also have some of my very favorite hot wings, sweet wings, and buffalo wings in the valley (which is saying A LOT, because I am obsessed with wings and try to go everywhere that brags about them. I am soooooo critical about wings, but these guys have it down). Another plus is that they have true deli-quality sandwiches with the hands-down best meatball sub and Italian beef you're going to find in Mesa, guaranteed. The salads are also delicious, man I could go on forever about this place.In short, it's a family favorite and a stand-by anytime I want great, affordable food for myself or my friends. For someone I didn't like, sure, I'd get them Little Caeser's (I can say that, I worked there). But for anyone who I care about, I want the best for them. And for the best, look to Venezia's.
5	So I totally pulled a space cadet move on the online ordering system and ended up with $50 of food for me and my husband but I sent the extra back with the driver and they refunded my money.  GREAT customer service.  The pizza is amazing but everybody already knows that!
5	I love eating lunch here. Their Antipasto salad is amazing! It is a large portion with tons of meat. I also like to add chicken. The staff is very friendly and they make sure food promptly.
5	If you are looking for a decent slice of New York pizza in the valley this is a great place to start. Venezia's Pizza is a step above most of the pizza in the valley. Customer service is great but you will want to order ahead on Friday night if you are doing takeout because the secret is out about this small chain that has several locations. The pizza has flavor...something that is missing from a lot of places... the cheese has that good salty taste of real pizza with sauce that also makes you want more. I for one like to opt for pepperoni and green olives as the perfect combo of taste. The pizza here if you get the New York style by the slice is huge and they have a wonderfully huge party pan pizza that is so huge that they have on going contest for two people to eat one to get your photo on the wall. They also have a Sicilian pizza if you are into that sort of thing  as well which is huge. Wings are good and they do a slice deal with wings and a beer at some locations that is pretty affordable. So to sum it up... come here if you want some real pizza.
1	Greasy Greasy Greasy. Pizza and Calzones were both very greasy to the point that I didn't want to continue eating.
4	Best casual pizza place in Tempe. I grew up in New York and this is the closest thing to New York pizza I've had in the Phoenix area.
5	My wife and I love Venezia's!  Our favorite pizza place, thin NY style pizza.  They sell giant party size pizzas which are great when we have people over.
3	Busy place on a Saturday night. Fast service. Pizza is good - could have used a bit more pepperoni on the pepperoni pizza. They serve slices and have combo specials that seem reasonably priced and could come in handy some day for a quick lunch.  They make a huge 24 inch party pizza that seems to be pretty popular - we'll probably get one or 2 of those for our next party.
5	The Short:Pizza so good that it graces God with its existence. I think they sell other stuff but I'm to busy worshipping the slice from my last visit to find out. The Pro:- Everything. Just ... EVERYTHING (almost). - You could tell me their food is made out of people. I'd still eat it.The Con:- Some of their younger employees have bad attitudes and an allergic reaction to work.
3	I would give these guys a 4 stars if they would serve beer with pizza, but they said they won't because of the "area". BS, you are a business and you make the rules...pizza and beer just go together. Their pizza is great and you can usually catch up and watch a game on tv there. Their wings are decent. Their service is excellent and they are nice folks that work there. Great atmosphere.
4	The pizza was amazing, would definitely go here again. Management should consider hiring help on work ethic. Pet peeve is seeing help standing around talking while customers are looking for a clean table to sit at. But that wouldn't keep me from going back. Some of the best pizza I've had.
4	WE NEED BEER.....I would give this place a 5 if they served beer and wine.  SO...I order my pizza ahead of time and pick it up to take home or use their delivery.  I have only once eaten in this establishment.Venezia's pizza is awesome.  The thin crust is out of this world.  This is the closest best pizza I have ever had next to the one I had in NYC.  I love how you can pop in and order individual slices and they have a great selection to choose from.  Best Pizza between Superstition Fwy & Red Mountain 202.
4	This would be a 5-star review if they served beer. I love the Italian Stalian pizza; it's delicious! The spicy pizza sauce has just the right kick of heat. I also really enjoyed the crust; it had a seasoning to it as well.We took home the leftovers and they tasted great the next day too!The bad news, they no longer serve Sausage Smackers, which is a real shame because they give the pizzeria something all it's own. The side salad is just that, nothing too fancy.Overall, this is a great place for food, but get it to go if you want to enjoy a nice cool drink with it.
5	i am a pizza snob. i love it and can't eat one that's sub-par. but i must say that venezia's new york style pizzeria's thin crust pizza is fabulous. the sauce is perfect and the crust is baked to perfection. i went there for a friend's birthday and have been a repeat customer ever since.
5	Good food. Good Prices. Great customer service! The atmosphere is friendly and the staff is so helpful!
4	One of the best pizza places in the Phoenix area. They have specials every day of the week.
5	The pizza is fantastic. They always have cheese ready to go, which is great when you are vegetarian. The atmosphere is good. The staff could step it up a bit but it doesn't bother me too much. The buy ten slices get one free is great.This is a good place to just drop in for a slice on your way home from where ever you were. Love it.
5	Love, love, love this pizzeria. The food is amazing, and the portion sizes are huge for the price you pay. It's dangerous living around the corner from this restaurant because it's so easy to just say "I'm too tired to cook dinner, let's go to Venezia's". The food, the service, the atmosphere...everything is great. They have a bit of a problem with flies outside (and sometimes inside, but not that often), but I guess that's a price you pay to be able to eat outside in nice weather.I highly recommend this Venezia's.
4	Awesome daily lunch specials! Fast service and a clean restaurant. Sometime the wings are a bit off i.e. flavoring, count, size, etc. but overall great food.
5	Great pizza, super wings, great deals, staff is very helping & nice!  Best pizza in Mesa.
4	Yummy pizza! It's a little pricey for me, but it's really worth it. I love the combo pizzas and the chicken wings.Pros: - Good pizza- Fill up your own soda- WIngs are good- Pretty good service Cons- Greasy pizza- Slow- WIngs are overcooked any times
5	Everything I have ordered from Venezia's has been delicious! Their delivery is always fast and their customer service is outstanding. When there was a mix up with one of my orders, they immediately corrected it and threw in extra food to make up for the inconvenience. I could not ask for better food or better service.
5	Food was great! We got meat lovers and veggie pizza, it was awesome! Also got some chickens wings and bread stick all was yummy! We were so full. Total food porn for us! Service was good, always good. This is going to be our fam pizza spot. Place was decent size and cool. TV on sound corners. Def coming back for more.
4	Food was excellent! I am from NJ and miss good pizza. Came fast and spices were delicious. Facilities very clean. Would come again when I visit AZ
5	Pizza was the best I've had in a while. People are friendly and it's great to bring kids. The salad was fresh and everything was served very quickly. It was great!
5	This place is great! We ordered the mozzarella sticks, boneless honey BBQ wings, and the chicken BBQ pizza. Everything was beyond delicious! We will definitely be eating here again!
5	My favorite pizza place. I eat at this one and Ray and Cooper multiple times a week. You download and app called stampt and you get a free slice,  and a free slice later on with a purchase of an xl drink. 10 stamps gets you 2 free slices. It's quick and they have plenty of lunch specials. Make sure you get the sweet chili wings if you like wings. Boneless or bone in. If you go in the back they have pictures on the wall of everyone that has completed the pizza challenge. (I think it's like 24 inches) 2 people have to eat this behemoth in an hour. Once done you get your picture on the wall and a tshirt.
5	I love this Pizza.  I go here often due to the affordable slice specials and the terrific taste.  I get the Chicken Wings as well which are phenomenal!!
5	Tried this place out for something new and was blown away!  Fantastic pizza at competitive prices.  Since our first visit we've been a number of times.  Try them out for some great pizza!
4	We had a coupon so we tried this place out and it was delicious!!! We ordered wings, large pizza and garlic bread. The wings were pretty tasty, not a ton of meat. The pizza was really good too! But my favorite was the marinara sauce that came with he bread! Soooo delicious! I want to try a pasta or something with that sauce all over it! We will definitely be returning.
2	Haven't been to Venezia's in a while, so I stopped by after work to give it another try, hoping for improvement.  Ordered the Park Avenue pizza and an order of wings. Actually, I ordered the wings and a pizza...the wings being my main reason and focus. Can you say, BLUCK!  They were SO dry and tough! WHY...PLEASE TELL ME WHY it's SO hard to make good wings??? When I go to Buffalo to visit family, I NEVER get such dried up tough chicken wings. So disappointed.  The pizza was just okay. It was edible, but nothing I'd go back for.  My search for good pizza & wings continues...
5	Another yummy place. Pizza delish!the best around for true cannoli's. absolutely great
5	Tried so many chain pizza restaurants (PIzza Hut is decent) but this one is probably my favorite.  We have a pretty big household so every time we get delivery pizza, we usually get a huge party pizza to feed the whole household.The pizza is not only huge, but also very tasty.  If I were you, if you wanted delivery pizza, I would totally look at Venezias first
5	I love their pizza. They have an amazing thin-crusted pizza that is to die for whether you get it with pesto or marinara sauce. Not to mention they have tons of unique toppings combinations (including salad.) But a specialty is their GIANT pizzas. Giant as in, "Holy shoot this doesn't fit in the back of my car." giant. But still delicious. I'd definatley try it if you want to feed a lot of people.
5	Buffalo Chcken on Thursdays  pizza and the bread sticks. Also has gluten free pizza
5	Hands down the best pizza I have had since moving to AZ 4 years ago (from NY).  The staff is always super helpful and friendly, the pizza is always PERFECTLY delicious, and if we decided to order delivery, the service is speedy!
4	Second time coming.. Friendly staff, clean environment. Great pizza!They knew the pepperoni pizza slices we got were for the kids and they made sure to cut them into bite size bits. It completely showed they made sure to take care of each customers needs. Its those little things and the great pizza that will keep me coming back!
4	I used to live in New York City and this pizza tastes exactly the same as some of my favorite spots back there. Fold it up and go to town. I'm super glad I can get this style and quality of pizza in Mesa.
5	Hands down our favorite pizza place in the valley! And reasonable prices too!
3	When they first opened this was my go to place. I will admit that I love their pepperoni pizza and grilled onions. However today when they forgot the fries on a take out order I had to come back, the sandwich was wrong, and there were no napkins in the takeout bag. When I called to address this Lucy gave me a half-hearted aw I'm so sorry. I am looking for a new favorite sandwich shop.
1	The worst experience getting take out.. I ordered in person ordering 3 things. They forgot the slice of pizza and made the wrong sandwich.. I went back.. They made the sandwich with peppers which I didn't want and it was cold. :(  also had to step over garbage which was there for more than hour both times I went back. Staff of 5 and can't keep it clean or get orders correct. Red white and brew right down the street for pizza and toms for beefs or the Chicago place on power from now on. No more staff lunches from me.
4	We got the pesto chicken pizza. It was delicious! The kids enjoyed a half cheese half pepperoni pizza. While it was all very tasty, there was a lack of service. No one asked us how it was or offered to fill our glasses. Oh well.
5	Had their pizza delivered twice while visiting family.  I'm a NY native and this is some of the best pizza I've had.  My wife's family loves it now too. Will order again when we are back in town
2	We went here for lunch for the first time at 1:30 on Saturday. We ordered garlic bread and a caprese salad. The girl who took our order was friendly and welcoming, but the other employees were not. They were busy chatting loudly (to the point where we could here them gossiping about customers). It took about 15 minutes to get our bread and the salad didn't come out until 10 min later. The food was good but the service was not.
4	Tried out this place because of the great reviews; however, being from NYC, I was skeptical as to how the slices would match up against my beloved authentic corner pie places in the city. Let me tell you- came pretty darn close!!The pizza was great. We tried the pesto chicken with ricotta and a slice of chicken, spinach, and bacon. The sauce was a little too sweet for my tastes, but it didn't stop me from finishing it :)Greek salad was really good as well. I can't speak to the or pizza places in the area, but I would recommend this one!
