5	Green is under new management and has aquired a totally new design since it was known as "Veggie Fun".  Gone is the kitchy decor - it's new, hip facelift makes it a place that you aren't afraid to bring family or friends.  A rotation of artists are now featured with their art on the walls, so there is always something new to see.The food is generally good, but some items are a hit-or-miss.  I highly recommend the Mongolian Beef and a vegan soft-serve cone for dessert.
5	I was really impressed with this place. It reminded me a lot of Plaid in Tempe, but without the too-hip-for-you attitude from cashier/servers and dingy, cut-corner atmosphere.the food was delish- i had vegan crab puffs (WOW, these were good!) and a tofu noodle bowl. the tofu was cooked perfectly, but i agree with Blythe down there that it's not "healthy" vegan- it's a lot of fried, greasy stuff. also, good call on that's a wrap in phoenix - deeelish!
5	Can't say enough about this wonderful vegan restaurant!!! I have taken several initially wary non-veg folks to Green and they loved everything they ordered. I have tried most items on the menu and especially recommend the Spicy Buffalo "Wings", Spicy Peanut Chicken Salad, Crab Puffs (I don't think they taste like crab puffs but they're so delish), Thee Argentine Po-Boy, Original "G" Spicy Po-Boy, Texas Moo-shroom Po-Boy, and the soft serve ice cream in a waffle cone, in a tsoynami or naked. The staff is wonderful, the place is nice and tidy and the recent expansion makes it feel much more open and airy.  Now all they need to do is stay open later and offer breakfast! Wonderful for everyone - vegan, veg, and non-veg alike!
4	Green is pretty tasty with high marks for the strawberry soy shake. I do agree with the poster below that some items are hit/miss. My "Artichoke dip" was way WAY too spicy (I could not eat it). My 'eggless eggrolss" were tasty but ..fluffy. They came with a sauce that i enjoyed. This is one of the essential places for Veg food in the Phoenix area.
5	We were visiting Phoenix and found Green by searching for vegetarian places on Yelp.  The reviews were excellent, and for good reason.  The food was fantastic, the art & decor was very cool, and the prices were great.  I highly recommend this place to anyone (vegetarian or carnivore).As stated in other reviews, the staff is friendly.  When we arrived for dinner, they already closed the kitchen (since it was after 9 PM).  Not only did they let us stay, but they made us a large amount of food.We started with the spicy peanut tofu and the samosas, both had excellent flavor.  For dinner we had the drunken mushroom chicken and the singapore tofu.  The food was delicious.  However, if I had to suggest one change for the entrees, I would have liked it if they used less salt.  Another thing that impressed me was their organic green tea was brewed perfectly (some restaurants mess up their green tea by steeping too long or too hot ... but not them, it was just right).The decor was very cool and I like the amount of art they had around the place.  One of my favorite features were the tabletops and the design that they had inked on the tops of most of the wooden tables.  Very cool!  If they ever decide to sell tables like that, I would certainly get in line :-)
5	Green is the sort of place I wish existed in Berkeley, CA. It doesn't make sense that Tempe has it so good. It doesn't make sense that there isn't a place filled with vegan comfort food in CA. But enough of my boo-hooing.We stopped by for lunch and when we were done, I wished I was wearing my pants with the elastic waistband. The fries have that bumpy, crispy coating. (Bumpy + crispy = delicious.) The various sandwiches that I ingested were flavorful and filling (as 2 sandwiches often are).  The mock chicken parmesan was all I could have asked for: crispy and saucy, not too tough, and delightfully messy to eat. The Soynami was over the top heavenly: chocolate and peanut butter having a meeting in a cup and I was the chairman of the board.It makes visiting Arizona fun! Well, it already is fun*, but you get my point.______________________*really hot
5	I decided to try this place out based on good reviews. I was not disappointed.  I have been there twice and would definitely go back.  Green is located on Scottsdale Road and tucked away in a small strip mall.  It's not fancy but the food is terrific.  I had a spicy salad, and my daughter had a parmesan sandwich.  Both were excellent.  I love the green tea.  I will of course return for my third and hopefully more visits. Wish they had a place in Chandler or other locations.  It's the best!
4	I love this place and I'm not even Vegan. Though, after eating at GREEN, I'm seriously considering Vegetarianism.Problem is: I'm a creature of habit. When I find a meal I like, I just reorder it over and over. (note to self: change that!)My meal of choice at Green is the Mongolian Noodle Bowl w/the mock chicken, which is to die for. The veggies are fresh & flavorful and the mock chicken is absolutely delicious. Equally as satisfying is the Soynami, frozen vegan ice "cream" delight and the Peanut butter thingy.I do wish they had more drink choices. The only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars is because I'd like to see them use whole wheat noodles and Organic. But really, that's minor. Cause like the other review mentions, their other restaurant "That's a Wrap" in Phoenix has healthier fare.For the conscientious greenie, GREEN lives up to their name in more ways than one! The floors are concrete, the tables are made from sustainable materials (is that sorghum?) and they are definitely saving energy with what appears to be a swamp cooler. Not overly cooling on a hot Arizona afternoon but energy efficient.Green is hands down my favorite Arizona restaurant and I've been here for 8 years. Arizona definitely needs more of these type restaurants.The downside? They're about 40 or more miles away from my home. But with the food quality, relaxed atmosphere and Green interior, it's worth the trek for me.
5	Vegetarian/vegan awesomeness.  Their flatbread pizzas are delicious, as are their noodle bowls.  I think i've sampled most things on their menu and they still keep me coming back for more.  Even meat-eating friends enjoy Green!
4	i'm all about the argentine po'boy and the the mock buffalo chicken.  i've sampled some other stuff on the menu, and so far, those are definitely my favorites.  the fries rock, too.to me, this place is indulgence food.  i doubt it's all that healthy, though i haven't really looked for nutritional info on the menu.  it's an occasional greasy pit stop, and i'm glad green's there for that.not a big fan of the tsoynami's, but they're worth a shot to see if you like them.the entire menu is priced great, the atmosphere's laid back, the staff is friendly and efficient, and it seems fairly clean.  these guys have a corner on the market for what they're doing and it shows -- every time i've gone in, it has been pretty busy with a steady stream of customers coming and going.green's the new black...i suspect it's going to get more and more popular.  i'm hoping for a tempe location some time soon.
5	I found this place via Google while in town for business. It's tucked away in a non-descript strip mall next to a Salvation Army.I've had dinner and lunch here, both times were good. For dinner, I had the special turkey sandwich with fries (fries weren't pipping hot when they were served, but still good); for the lunch visit, I had the original "g" spicy po-boy and chose the curry pasta salad as a side - tasty!Service was friendly and efficient._______________Update: 12/10/07 - What's the first thing I do when I arrive in Phoenix? Punch in 2240 N. Scottsdale Road in my GPS and head to Green! This time around I had Thee Argentine Po-Boy with fried - Mock steak fried with onions and peppers, vegan mayo and a spicy sauce. I couldn't get enough! Very delicious12/11/07 - After having a veggie burger and fries for lunch at a Hard Rock Cafe, I thought I'd balance it out by having something healthy for dinner - I ordered the Diablo Rice bowl with chicken and brown rice. The description looked good: veggies in a spicy sauce - but it was a little too salty for my taste and didn't finish it. Oh well, can't win them all.12/12/07 - I was working close by, so decided to run in for lunch. I ordered the No Harm Chicken Parm sandwich with a side of tahini coleslaw. It was a little bit messy to eat by hand, with the tomato sauce and soy mozzarella oozing everywhere - still good nonetheless. The coleslaw was a nice compliment to the sandwich.12/14/07 - I'll miss you Green!
4	I discovered this place through a lacto-ovo vegetarian friend. He wouldn't stop talking about it. It was annoying. To shut him up, I took him there and tentatively ordered the spicy buffalo wings. Uh, freaking amazing. The garlicky hot wing sauce is insanely good and the texture of the tofu/mushroom mixture is so eerily chicken your mind will do a double-take. Now I've gone back and ordered almost everything on the menu. Mock crab puffs (delicious). Spicy peanut mock chicken salad. Coconut curry. Mongolian with mock beef. The only thing I wasn't crazy about was the tsoynami I ordered...the texture of the chocolate peanut butter smoothie was funky, it wasn't sweet enough for me and they forgot I ordered it and had to ask twice. Otherwise, all is excellent. Interesting crowd: some nights the local tai chi chapter visits, but you will always find a nice mix of people who probably never wear leather shoes. Gotta respect that. Go somewhere else if you want wine with your mock chicken parmesan, they don't serve alcohol here. But, then again, try to find mock chicken parmesan anywhere else...
5	Vegan = Tasty.  No macro platters here, though if they did have one, i bet it'd be covered in some mouth-watering sauce.  This vegan restaurant is for people who like animal products as much it is for people who don't.  Almost everything on the menu comes with at least an option of mock meat of one kind or another.  And mock meat is tasty, though probably not necessarily healthy.  The original "g" spicy po-boy reminded me almost exactly of Switch's Buffalo Bleu Chicken sandwich (my favorite).  It was hardly noticeable that Green's version had no bleu cheese, mock chicken patties and veganaise.  The texas "moo-shroom" po-boy was excellent as well with a sweet BBQ sauce and heaps of mushrooms, red peppers and onions.  I do not like the tahini coleslaw - too much peanut sauce.  We were so impressed with our lunch that we ordered a couple of cookies for dessert and that was when we remembered the reason we could never be entirely vegan....no butter in the cookies!  At least they use real chocolate instead of carob.I also enjoy all of the green building products on the walls, but not the styrofoam cups, so much.
5	Delicious.Best fries probably ever. and desert is a must. imagine a mix of vegan icecream with cocopuffs but magically the coco puffs do not become soggy..Don't get the pizza. yu-ck.
4	I was just here a few weeks ago.  The place is decorated very urban/retro.  I love the car doors lining the south wall!  Service was super-friendly.  I would have given 5 stars except for one thing: THEY HAD NO VEGGIES THE DAY I WAS THERE!.  That's right!  I even said to our waitperson :How can a vegan restaurant have no vegetables??????   I got peanut noodles and it was still ver good, despite the lack of veggies.I will go back, though, fo sho'!
5	The best in the metropolitan area. The best selection and by far the best atmosphere.Try the meatless buffalo wings with the dairy-free ranch-style dill dipping sauce. Waay too good.Also live music every Wednesday.
4	Maybe the four stars is too generous after just one visit, but there's something about this place that's very comforting. Maybe it's the community seating, or the simple white bowls your veggies come in, or maybe it's the simple fact that you're eating your veggies and enjoying them too. I tried a yummy coconut curry with crispy tofu and appreciated that it was just the right portion for the price. I'm gonna try a vegan tsoynami with vegan tsoft tserve "ice cream" (spelling is correct) next time I go.
4	I had not figured the Phoenix/Scottsdale/Tempe area to have much in the way of veggie food, being a vegetarian from Austin, where EVERY restaurant has veg options, but then I discovered Green!!!The service is awesome;everyone is knowledgeable on the menu offerings and makes wonderful suggestions. I have been to Green well over 10 times, but my favorites are still the "crab puffs" and the "original g po-boy"I have found that even my non-veggie friends have loved all of the mock meat selections and found the taste and texture to be spot on!!
4	My fiance and his brother are both veggie boys. The brother being a vegan. So naturally, they love this place. Me, however, being the hungry carnivore that I am, can't get so much into the food. I've had a couple of their tofu-meat-imitation dishes (burger, chicken wings) and I just couldn't do it. If I'm going to eat something that looks like meat, it's going to be meat! Same with cheese, the vegan cheese here is a little funky. But hey,  that's just me. Like I said, the boy and his brother love it. The decor is cute and inviting. The staff is laid back and they're all really nice. The one thing I come here for though, (besides tagging along with the boys) are the vegan tsoynamis. SO GOOD. I recommend every flavor. Now, I CAN get into soy ice cream. These things are what make Green worth it to me. Yum yum yum.
4	It's a chore to find cheap veg-friendly options in the northern Tempe area and Green is usually a good choice. The staff is hit or miss..I've had experiences with some real snobs at the counter as well as some real sweeties. As for the food...for starters, I've had the spring rolls which are greasy but ok, the crab puffs which are ADDICTIVE, the fake hot wings which are so similar to the real thing its a little scary. The hummus is intense, but good; however I wish the accompanying pita weren't fried. Green likes to fry. The bowls are alright (would not recommend for takeout because they'll taste like the cardboard box) because the veggies are cooked well and the sauce flavor is good, I like the Mongolian, but I've had better tofu. The Singapore on the back of the menu is delicious. The BEST thing on the menu is the Green Burger although I don't care much for the fries. The curry pasta salad is a good side option. mmmm the BEST Tsoynami is the Clunky Monkey- bananas, walnuts, chocolate :] If only I could get a Green burger fix past 9 pm!
5	Living in the Santa Cruz area, it's easy to  become accustomed to finding a variety of delicious vegetarian food. I traveled to the Phoenix area this spring for vacation and finding Green was like finding an oasis in the Arizona desert. My dining experience here was the best I had on the trip and I know if I lived in the area I'd be eating here at least once a week. One of the things that impressed me so much was that Green makes all of their vegan mock meat and cheese goodies from scratch. The No-Harm Chicken Parm Sandwich stole the show, and was not made with your standard morningstar chik patty but rather a seitan-based lightly breaded from scratch recipe. The fake mozzarella cheese (which seemed more like ricotta) was creamy and delicious. The vegan chili on the fries was tangy with just a little spice, and my boyfriend's Argenitine po-boy was a good take on fake steak.  The sides of tahini coleslaw and curry pasta salad were quite tasty as well. I only wish I'd had room to enjoy an oatmeal pie or a "Tsoynami" for dessert. The service at Green was very friendly and it has a nice but casual artsy decor. I can't wait until my next trip to Phoenix!
5	I was very impressed by this place! I am not a Vegetarian and I always get a little wary about places that are solely vegetarian, but I had looked at the Yelp reviews on this place, and it was within walking distance of my hotel, so I decided to give it a try.I was definitely not disappointed. The place is very welcoming in an ethereal sort of way. It is a mostly college crowd predictably but there were other in the restaurant as well. I spoke with the young lady (her name escapes me now) at the counter who was very friendly and knowledgeable. I told her truthfully that I was not a vegetarian and did she have any suggestions. At her direction, I tried the crab puffs and the Thai peanut bowl with mock chicken. I walked it back to my hotel.All I can say is.....WOW! The mock chicken tasted like..... well,..... CHICKEN! Great chicken actually. I don't really go for straight tofu and the vegetarian god who prepared this must have known it. I did not miss the chicken. The Thai peanut bowl was quite spicy and delicious. The crab puffs were very good, a little greasy, and not as good as the real thing, but well worth it, and if I am here again I will probably have them again. Way to go! If many vegetarian restaurants are this good, then Jeff might have to rethink his avoidance of these places.
5	I just moved to chicago and wish on just about every star I see that Green will relocate here with me.  This place is amazing.  I've eaten at SO many vegetarian/vegan places all around the world and this is by far one of the BEST.The prices and service are awesome as well.  Food recommendations are:  classic pizza with just about any topping, pesto pizza is good but too rich for my tastes.  The wings, crab puffs, and chili fries are out of this world good.  Original G spicy po-boy [think buffalo chicken sandwich] and the argentine [think philly cheesesteak] are pretty much unmatched.  Order off menu the BBQ chicken sandwich!  Its AMAZING.  Jerk tofu salad ooooh how I miss you.And they make their own organic vegan soft serve?  AND they make them into tsoynamis [think DQ blizzard]?!  Yeah.  This place owns.Basically, if you are lucky enough to be vegetarian in phx [hah] at least you have one great thing on every other vegetarian in more veg friendly cities.  Even my non-veg family and friends want to eat here over just about anywhere else in the valley as well.  Take that applebeees!
2	FOOD: I am not a vegetarian or vegan, so maybe I do not have the mindset to appreciate this place. Establishing a vegetarian restaurant is a good idea, there are plenty of vegetarians. But why is everything on their menu a mock of regular, meaty foods? Damn it, if I'm going out to eat vegan, I want dishes with REAL veggie dishes proud of being vegan, not this mock meat/cheese crap. It's like the restaurant is saying, "We are vegen and we know it sucks, so we're gonna try to re-create all your favorite meat dishes!" No thanks, I know there are good vegetarian dishes out there and if I want a pizza, I'll get a real pizza with real cheese! I guess this place is marketing solely to vegetarians and not regular omnivores. The pizza was horrible, and the ice cream was not the best I've had. Not good vegetarian food!PRICE: Way too expensive for what you get. I don't remember the exact prices, but I remember questioning myself, "Why did I pay that much for this? It has no high-priced meat in it!" ATMOSPHERE: Laid back place perfect for a college crowd. Easily sits large groups. SKINNY: If you want vegetarian food, my suggestion is to get Muslim or Indian veggie dishes. They are actually tasty. GREEN offers some self-ashamed vegan cuisine that only reminds you h ow much you enjoy meat and cheese.
5	Everything I've tried I've loved. My favorite is the buffalo wings. Their edamame is cooked perfectly, and I love the creamy artichoke gratine appetizer. My pastor (an omnivore) loves the buffalo chicken sandwich.  Since they switched to tamari, most of the menu is wheat free!
3	I really want to give this place more stars, but I've tried everything on the menu and to me it's like fast food for vegans.  I'm not a big fast food person to begin with. I only really enjoy the crab puffs and the pizza minus the faux cheese.  For a while there I was going about every three weeks, but eventually just stopped going.  All of the food has a weird texture to me and I have a hard time swallowing some of it.Oh and I really like the chocolate peanut butter thing...The service was always just mediocre.  The decor inside is pretty neat.
5	This restaurant is a vegetarian's fondest dream - and I am no exception.  The service is friendly and personable, and best of all, quick!This is my favorite place to meet up with my girlfriends and spend a couple of hours chatting.  The hummus is good, if a smidge spicy. The tofu is fantastic.  Go there.  Eat some good food.  You won't miss meat at all.
5	Being a vegetarian isn't always the easiest lifestyle to live.  People tease you, and give you odd looks when its brought up in conversation.  And god forbid a meal at mom and dad's goes by without someone making mention of your weird eating habits.  Its a good thing that Green came along to help strengthen our resolve. and more importantly, to help convince non-vegetarians that vegans and vegetarians aren't a bunch of weirdos who eat soy-paste and lentils all day.  With a wide array of options on their menu, Green has enough variety to please pretty much everyone, vegan or not.  After eating here at least twice a week for the last few months I've come close to sampling the entire menu, and there really isn't a bad thing that I can say about it.  The mock chicken and the phoney beef  used in Green's sammy's are alarmingly accurate in both flavor and texture.  The curry bowls are some of the best I've had, and the orecciette pasta with chicken  parmesan is worth killing for - which is saying a lot in vegan circles.Bottom line:  if you're in the neighborhood, you'd be a fool not to stop in and sample some of the items on the menu.  If you don't find something at green that you absolutely love, you may want to see a doctor, because there is a good chance that you are dead and haven't realized it yet.Finally, if the slew of rave reviews here on yelp hasn't convinced you yet, you can check out Green's menu right here:http://www.greenvegetarian.com/menu.jpg
5	Go to Green... it's delicious! No, it isn't low-fat or low-calorie, so I have taken that to consideration and indulge in their food every now and then. Everything I have had (or sampled) is wonderful... with the exception of the egglessrolls. While very large, they were kinda bland with too much wrapper. I definitely preferred the crab puffs over the egglessrolls anyday. Good iced tea and decent iced chai, too. Worth the stop if eating your way through Phoenix being vegetarian/vegan.
5	I thought I had reviewed this place before since my friend owns it, but I guess I haven't. I'll admit that I'm a meatetarian, so this place isn't for me - but WAIT! It is for me... this place aims to make vegan food that tastes more like what "normal" people are used to since most "normal" people can't stomach most vegan cuisine.I'm one of these people that can't stomach it. I prefer my meat and cheese and gluten and whatever else vegans cringe at. Not everyone is cut out to be a vegan. Some vegans I know of are kinda fat - they get this way because with the restrictive diet, they end up loading up on carbs eating nothing but chips and bread and candy and bean burritos and pasta. I'm not going to argue on how healthy or unhealthy this lifestyle is, but I'll say that the food at Green isn't diet food. It's rich and flavorful and a good. It's a perfect place to go if you're a couple and only one of you is vegan.I dated a vegan once... I'm used to normally being the picky eater, but holy shit. We couldn't eat anywhere due to her "diet" restrictions and it was terribly annoying. Eventually, I got her eating burgers and steaks and real food again. Before that, of the few restaurants we were allowed to eat at - this was one of my favorites. The menu is creative and there's something for everyone (unless you're allergic to veggies and tofu). I dare say my friend is a culinary genius and I suggest you all check out That's a Wrap (his other restaurant) as well.
3	I wanted to love this place, I really did. I love the concept, total veggie restaurant, cool art, great set up. Let me start by saying I'm not a vegetarian. I used to be, for about 6 years and I still stock my freezer with all things quorn and morning star. I was really excited to go to Green. The wings are delicious, made from mushrooms, great consistency, mmhmm yum. Other than that I am not impressed, I've had the pulled pork (mushroom) sandwich and it was so sweet I could barely choke it down. the crab puffs decent, the hot dogs gross, the chicken parm way to breaded. I know everyone raves about this place but I find it hard to give it more than 3 stars when I could prepare everything on the menu better in my own kitchen. Sorry Green, great idea but bad execution. Still 3 stars for overall concept.
5	I love-love-love Green.  The atmosphere is wonderful and the food even better.   The people who work here are lovely sweet and very helpful.   There are far too few vegetarian restaurants in Phoenix metro area and this one gets my full support.
5	I love Green.  I hate that there is not one closer to Peoria.  So it is special treat to go there.  My favorites are the buffalo wings, apricot miso bowl with mock chicken, the original g po boy (which tastes like the buffalo wings, so don't get them together).  The fries are also excellent, and I'm not even a huge french fry eater.I want to like the crab puffs, but I'm not vegan, and I still love my real cream cheese.  Oh well.Love the Soynamis when I'm not so stuffed that I can eat them, but that hasn't happened very much!
4	Creative menu, yummy and affordable vegetarian food! 4/5J and I are not vegetarians but we were up for a new restaurant and adventure on Friday night. We met up with P and R (vegetarian) at Green around 8pm for dinner. The food was amazingly delicious and cheap! We all shared some non-meat 'chicken wings'... it was so GOOD! our food came out tasty too. J's 'chicken' sandwich was great with its yummy BBQ sauce... Would definitely go back again for other dishes.
5	Simply delicious!  Very friendly people making and serving great dishes.  Many larger restaurants with so-called vegetarian/vegan menu sections could learn a lot from this place.
4	Green is great.The food is so yummy.My favorite is the Original Po boy with a side of fantastical Thyme Fries. and the Soynamis are so unbelievably good. Why haven't you been here yet? Sometimes they have really crappy art on the walls. I guess that sucks, but you should really be looking where you're eating, not all around you, young man. *In response to another review: Please do not complain about any establishment being in a strip mall in Arizona. EVERYTHING in Arizona is in a strip mall, god dammit. If you live here, you should know this. If you are fortunate enough to live somewhere where the places you like to go are not in a strip mall, please try and be kind enough to not gloat over us with that. Spoiled brat.
4	The fake crab wontons are great, so is the sweet n sour  noodle bowl. The drinks are good too.
2	I never thought it was possible to get CRS (Chinese restaurant syndrome) at a vegetarian restaurant.  I can't believe I brought my family including one vegan visiting from LA to Green.  There was no skill or sense in the balance of flavors in any of the dishes.  Obviously whoever made the food does not eat it themselves.All the dishes were overwhemingly drenched in sauce assaulting the taste buds with either saltiness or sourness.  The wings were incredibly sour and then when you dip them into the ranch sauce it becomes unbearably salty as well.  Thank goodness for the celery sticks.  The salad contained hardly any figs which we really had to dig for to find two small pieces.  And the balsamic was really sour.  In smaller amounts it would probably have tasted fine.The apricot miso bowl was really sour again.  And for a vegetarian restaurant, it would've been nice to see more vegetables.  We wish all the sauces came on the side so that we could actually have tasted the other components of the dishes. The Texas portabello po-boy was also over-sauced.  The only redeeming part of it was the tahini coleslaw.  That was nice and crunchy and properly seasoned.It seems to me that the chef needs to check in on the kitchen or taste his food more often.
5	I love and will always love the sweet and sour bowl with mock chicken, the bbq chicken sandwich, and, well, basically everything. Great atmosphere, best employees--basically do yourself a favor and go here, NOW.If you ever get a chance to eat a Big Wac (like Big Mac), TRY IT. You'll have one of these I can't believe it's vegan moments, while simultaneously sending you into a deep food coma.
1	I need to deduct another star for their use of styrofoam cups.  Green definitely it's not.
4	Just at there for the second time today, and decided to use my (overpriced) iPhone for some pictures - which I will add shortly. I really love this place, because they offer so many options, from pizza to noodles to salads. First time I ate here, maybe a month ago, I got the Apricot Miso dish with mock chicken, and it was very good. Today I had the Spicy Peanut Sauce with Tofu appetizer and I had to restrain myself from licking the plate, the sauce is THAT good! The Coconut Curry with mock beef served over noodles was next, and honestly, it was just ok. I prefer the mock chicken texture/flavor. The curry was spicy but there wasn't enough of it in my dish - it was very dry.But my favorite part of this place? The bathroom sink. It's totally cool, you just have to see it. Sorry, I didn't snap a photo in the bathroom for fear of being a total weirdo.
2	I'm glad I read the not-so-great reviews before going here. I was expecting it to be a healthy vegan restaurant. It's definitely not that. The place is cool on the inside, trendy with some interesting decor. You order at the counter and they bring your food out to you. I do have to admit, for a restaurant that calls itself "Green" I was disappointed to only see styrofoam and plastic cups. Booo!I got the samosas as a starter. They were a little spicy but waaaay too garlicky. I love garlic like no other but the amount they put in there made it taste like fried spicy garlic cloves. No thanks. The dipping sauce was too sweet too. For $4.50 it was a disappointment.I also got the diablo red with mock chicken and brown rice. The rice was good but everything else was SOOOOOOOO SALTY, oh my god. Major turn-off #1. Hint- Just cuz it has Tamari as an ingredient doesn't mean you have to drown the "meat" and veggies in it. My friend had the sweet and sour mock chicken. She liked it but the noodles didn't look pan fried at all. That's just ghetto if you ask me. Maybe I was seeing things (and that's very possible, don't quote me on it) but they just looked like boiled rice noodles thrown on there.Overall, I've made better vegan food at home. I may give it another try though, get something else and see if it's less salty/garlicky/sweet.
4	Am I missing something?  Went to this place last night having read loads of great reviews.  We couldn't have been more disappointed.  The place is grimy looking, with an open kitchen that looks like it could use a good cleaning.  The staff is indifferent and the food a complete let down.  Got there not long before closing - no hours posted so we weren't aware.  This was obviously a problem for the staff as they acted like all they cared about was going home.  Why didn't they just tell us that they couldn't prepare the food properly due to the kichen closing soon?  We would have just come back another time.  We ordered the samosa starter - cold in the middle, coconut curry with crispy tofu - was soggy like it came out of a microwave, flatbread pesto pizza - burnt around the edges and cold in the middle.  We were reluctantly given a refund, as the food was inedible (in fact they took the curry away and never bothered to bring anything back). And to echo a few others on here - lose the styrofoam and plastic cups and cutlery!  How green is your restaurant?  Not very.Update 11/15/12Went back here a few weeks ago, this place has really improved.  Best thing was, they're actually using eco-friendly cutlery/cups, etc.  Wahoo!
4	Went there today for first time. Great service, great selection, great prices. Suggest the Buffalo Wings & the  Spicy Peanut Sauce with Tofu.  Wish there was one of these in the E. Valley. Great for anyone looking for a lite-healthy meal. We also got their ice cream. Definitely suggest trying! I've also heard the side of thyme fries is worth checking out. Strip mall that it is located in was a little hard to find. North of McKellips, right next door to The Salvation Army Thrift Store.
4	Wonderful to have a place with a real vegetarian menu and tasty options.Chili fries?  Amazing.Noodle bowls?  Delicious.Soy ice cream?  YUM.And, it's pretty inexpensive, considering.  You can for sure eat for under $10.Thumbs up from me!
4	So just in case this is the first review you've read about this place, let me be the one to tell you - it's vegan. Not vegetarian (no meat, but eggs and dairy), but vegan. And several of their dishes are mock - made to resemble normal meat dishes (hot dogs, burgers, chicken, etc.). I know that right there either turns people on or off. Me, I dig it. My freezer's stocked with Boca, Morning Star, Quorn and Gardenburger products. That said, not all of their mock products work. While I love heir Spicy Buffalo Wings, Crab Puffs, Vegan Chili Fries and Mum's Meatball Po-boy, I was disappointed with the No Harm Chicken Parm Sandwich and the Vegan Hot Dogs. Haven't built up the courage to try their pizzas just yet - my previous experience with vegan cheese hasn't been all that great. But I'm sure I'll get around to it eventually, I stop by for lunch with my meat-eating friends at least once a month. But don't worry, mock isn't all they have to offer. They've also got tofu - a Spicy Peanut Tofu appetizer as well as a good variety of noodle and rice bowls.And it's a pretty cool place - I really dig the decor, from the Volkswagen doors along an entire wall to the local art work.
5	Being a new vegetarian, I am trying my darndest to find veggie-friendly restaurants that offer variety and don't suck the life out of my wallet. GREEN is, by far, the most brilliant. I went for lunch, and the staff was friendly, the food was awesome and the atmosphere was very laid-back-- not too hipstery, not too commercial.My favorite thing, though, was the fact that the "pseudo meats" were super yummy... sometimes they really just taste like cardboard. But not at GREEN!Yay GREEN!ps. The Tsoynami is also ridiculously yummy. Get the peanut butter and chocolate.
5	Green is amazing, and by far the best veggie/vegan restaurant I have ever been to. The atmosphere is fun and the food is GREAT!! I HIGHLY recommend the BBQ Chicken Sandwich. They have a special espresso sauce and it is to die for. The Thyme fries are also really, really amazing! This is not a healthy veggie place... they have asian dishes, but most of their dishes are "comfort food" .. they have vegan pizzas, bbq chicken sandwiches, meatball sandwiches, fries, buffalo wings... all the type of stuff most vegetarians/vegas CRAVE. I know I am sick of eating pasta and veggie burgers all the time. Now I can eat regular type foods again without spending hours cooking them. Fortunately I live about five minutes from here, so I can keep going back and trying more items.  :)
5	This is the joint to hit if you're veggy or vegan.The Faux meat is good, and they have a wide selection of faux dishes.Oh did I mention the vegan crab puffs... they are amazing.  It's worth stopping in for an order of these alone.
3	We were excited to find a vegan restaurant, so we've given it a chance several times.  The food is very good, but almost every time I go I end up feeling not-so-great later that day.  Not sure if I'm choosing the wrong items,  but even my husband has the same problem.  I do LOVE their burger and soynamis so sometimes I go and take the risk.  If your a veghead, it's a definite must-try.
4	+ positive, -negative, -/+ neutral+ The food is amazing.  They cook their tofu just right: crispy, tasty, fresh.  I'm also a huge fan of the Greenburger.  I would have to say it's even better than an In-and-Out burger (although now I'm a vegetarian).- The food is good, but definitely not healthy.  Grease, with a side of fat.-/+ Seating could be better.  I don't feel relaxed here.+ One word: Soynamis.  These are frozen yogurt (soy, of course) treats with mix-ins, like fruit, nuts, etc.  Perfection in a cup.-/+ Service.  They get your order in quickly and get the food to you fast.  However, I always find myself a little bummed out after ordering, they never smile!+ Limeade.  It's really, really good.
3	The only reason I am giving Green an extra star is the Soynami.Eh. I *wanted* to like Green. I wanted to LOVE it, in fact. But eh. I am not a vegan or vegetarian, but I do not eat dairy due to a major intolerance to it.I went today for my second visit. Everything is fried, fried and fried. Why so much grease? Why can't vegan also be healthy?Today I got the Jerk Tofu Salad. It was just ok. It was some greens mixed with carrots (the pre-shredded kind from a package) mixed with an equal amount of these fried stick things. The tofu was fried. "Jerk spiced house tofu" doesn't scream deep-fat fried to me, but apparently I am wrong. The carrots weren't fresh. The dressing wasn't my fav. I even asked for a different kind, and I got some lemon stuff. It was alright, but nothing to write home about. I've made better dressings at home with just a few easy ingredients. This was not a $9 salad. Not even close. I could make a better vegan salad out of the produce section at Trader Joe's. It would be fresher. Would a few vegetables kill them? Seriously. Geez. Last time I went we got a few starters - crab puffs and some hummus. I found them both alright, but they were VERY garlicky. Like major garlic. EEeks. I like garlic, but let's get real here. I got the Green burger for my meal last time. It was ok. It felt very heavy and "gloopy" for lack of a better word. I don't understand why they have to put the ketchup on the burger for me. So strange. I got the pasta salad as my side -- the server's suggestion as her favorite. Well, I guess if you like heavy, mayo covered stuff you are in luck. I would go back but only for the soynami. I got the chunky monkey once and it was good.The only upside is that I can go here and order anything without having to worry about dairy, which I am very allergic to. So, I guess that's worth something.But in short...I've seen more veggies in a Wendy's 99 cent side salad. Seriously.The other poster who said "grease with a side of fat" is dead on the money. I think I need an oil change after that tofu. :P
5	This place is a regular pit stop for me!Almost anything you get here is good.Chili fries are a must try, also their eggless rolls are yummy!The mongolian with mock chicken, and the green burger are some of my favorites.Oh and they have good vegan icecream!
4	I started coming here after my vegan friend introduced me to the world of fake meat and vegan cuisine.  Since then, it has become one of my favorite places in Tempe/Scottsdale. I still do eat meat but if they opened Green in my neck of the woods, I could definitely handle being vegan.  Most of the food, I've tried here is good, but I will always order the same thing if I go.  The eggless rolls are nice and crispy, even if they are always very greasy.  I also love the no harm chicken parm.  The "cheese" is really sharp and the marinara is kinda tart and goes nicely with the "chicken" and the cheese.  Their chili fries are amazing, and you would never know that there wasn't meat in it.    I've tried a few of the bowls, stir-fries, etc.  They're good but not great, and nothing I would go there specifically for.  The sandwiches are where its at.  The price is reasonable for what you get, even though prices have gone up since I've last gone.  The decor is decidedly hipster, (and so is the crowd).  But I can overlook those things for good food.
5	Diagnosis: Delicious!! I've heard this place was really good but I was still suprised with how great the grub is. I recommend the secret bbq chicken sandwich. The thyme fries are killer and the fruit salad was yummy too.  Prices were reasonable. Cool vibe. Can't wait to go back and try something else!
4	The food was very good and there were lots of options. The garden burger was great.  Probably the best vegetarian in the valley
5	Green. I love you. You are my soul mate.Why? Because you have never once in our relationship treated me bad. Never. In fact, I know I do not deserve you.Normally I eat AT Green, but tonight I decided to order take out for the first time. I got the samosas and coconut curry with tofu. I didn't think it was possible to like anything better than the secret bbq chicken sandwich, but I think I found it. The gal said ten minutes, I got there in ten minutes, it was ready waiting for me.. packaged up like a gift from heaven... and by the time I got it home.. it was still warm. And heavenly. Also, there was some very pleasing eye candy sitting outside... maybe I should have eaten there. Silly me.
4	I really really love Green's menu. Just because you are vegan/veg it doesn't mean you have to eat healthy boring food all the time. My favs include their buffalo 'chicken' sandwich, apricot miso noodle bowl and 'crab' puffs. I wish I had their recipe for the fake chicken, it is aaaamzing. Servings are large on the sandwiches and slightly smaller on the noodle bowls. Their iced tea is also really good not surprisingly. The food here has been consistently good and it is definitely my spot to hit up when I am in the valley. I really would like to try the 'wings' as well as other sandwiches, I guess I need to visit AZ more.
5	** Note:  This review is ONLY for their "Soyname" soft-serve soy ice cream.Their ice cream is the BOMB.  It's soft-serve homemade soy icecream that tastes like real ice cream!  No gross soy taste or aftertaste, no weird consistency, just pure ice cream goodness!  I really don't know how they do it, nor do i care.  It's served "blizzard" style with a variety of add-ins to choose from.  My personal favorite is the vanilla soy ice cream with chocolate and mint syrup and chocolate chips mixed in.... heaven!  When I stopped eating dairy I was bummed and thought I would never again truly know the joys of an awesome ice cream treat, I was wrong.  I drive from Higley to this place just to get a Soyname, it's THAT good.  Even folks who don't eat dairy-free say it's amazing!
4	How much do I like Green?  Let me count the ways...1. Garlicky, cheesy artichoke gratine2. I hum for your green hummus (I'd hum even louder if I can order this tahini-free!)3-5. Crab puffs, eggless rolls, and samosas!6-7. Jerk tofu and balsamic picnic salads. Tofu here is fried unless you specify otherwise8-9. Thai peanut and coconut curry bowls10. Thee "argentine" po-boy!11. No harm chicken parm12-13. Tahini coleslaw and those excellent thyme fries!14. Peanut butter and chocolate tsoynami... Tsoy very good!15. Vegan peanut butter chocolate bars16. Proprietor Damon Brasch, who I had a secret crush on (up until he grew a beard!).  Accidentally bumped into him and his wife having dinner somewhere.  Sweet couple.  17. For sale art displays by local artists adorn the walls.  Pretty cool.  The only thing I would complain about is the long wait.  It's been a few months since I last visited, so I don't know if the ordering process is still the same: order at the counter, receive food at the table.  If you spy any of those awesome peanut butter chocolate bars at the counter as you're ordering, make sure you grab one (or three!) as they will most-assuredly run out before you find your way back at the front of the line.  I just shuddered blissfully at the thought of biting into one of these... But I digress.  The wait for the food is worth it, however.  Just be sure to order any of the items I mentioned above, and you'll do fine.  (Do your tastebuds a HUGE favor and avoid the pasta items.  I've tried the orecciete pasta, singapore tofu, and the curry pasta salad.  I detested all of them.)Looks like Brasch added a couple of new items to the menu- ranchero salad and secret bbq chicken sandwich.  I'm going to have to get myself over there very soon to try some bbq!Note: the mock chicken used in the wings is not the same used in all of the other dishes.  A good thing, bec. the wings we ordered were VERY stringy.  This happens when soy is frozen sometimes, I was told.  The Argentine sandwich tastes just like a Philly steak sandwich!  I ordered mine sans vegan cheese ($2 add), but I soon regretted that decision.  I believe Green uses Follow Your Heart vegan cheese (melts very well!), so the addition should complete the deception.  Do yourself a favor and stop at Green for a bite soon.  Oh, and Green runs Friday and Saturday night specials from time to time.  I once had a green sobi noodle entree (wheat sobi noodles with a pesto sauce to die for!).  I haven't chanced upon any specials after that (this was around Valentine's Day '07).  I've given up on their specials, but I'm always assured that they still hold them everytime I ask via phone.  They allow call ahead orders for dining in so that the food is ready to be devoured upon arrival.  Just be sure to time it well so that food is fresh.
4	Well that's settled then: I'm moving to Arizona. for a vegetarian restaurant. I love real veg restaurants, they are so few and far between all those places that just serve a veggie wrap and think they are opening up their client base. You can tell Green is the real deal because they list chicken sandwiches, meatballs this, shaved beef that all without blinking.  I went for the original g spicy po'boy and the tahini coleslaw (say what?), followed by a small tsoynami...and perhaps a mini chocolate peanut butter bar. what, it's all health food right? the po'boy, i will admit looked a little "po" with only 3 pieces of spicy chicken, but the flavor was great and i even thought (mayonnaise hater that I am) that the vegan mayo added to the flavor and richness of the sandwich. the coleslaw was just delightful, and i would never have been able to tell that my soft serve was vegan in a blind taste test.  i just saw Eric's review about the mint syrup and chocolate chips, so i'm heading back there for an after-dessert dessert.the atmosphere is spare, i feel like they could toss a few more tables in there, on the left side where the tables were really far away from one another. There was cool soft music, and I liked that they have two sofas to chill on, and a mini market full of vegan goodies like meatless beef jerky and paul newman's pretzels.  Oh Green, you and I have such good times ahead of us...please bring napkins.
5	After a weeklong vacation to Arizona, and three visits to Green within that week, I can say that this is the best vegetarian/vegan restaurant I have ever been to.Tried a few new dishes this week including the mexicali burger, the artichoke gratin, the buffalo wings, and three flavors of tsoynamis.  All were so good.  The wings were delicious and amazingly "real" in texture and taste.  The tsoynamis are freakin' awesome - the first one I had a few years ago, I didn't really think the texture was quite right.  But I definitely think its exactly like a blizzard but with better flavors, like fluffer-nutter (pb, banana, marshmallow fluff. yum)But nothing beats the old standby of a no harm chicken parm with chili fries on the side.  The fries are the best fries ever, and the chili is so good.  The no harm parm sandwich makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  Like I said before, if they opened up in my neck of the woods, I could totally be vegan.
4	Here is the equation for this review: +5 stars for Tsoynamis:: So appropriately named: These things seriously pack the gale-force taste to knock your tongue-hut off of its timbers. Fun hand-mixed flavours to choose (Rocky Road -choc chips, choc syrup, walnuts, marshmallow...PB&J -peanut butter, grahams, strawberries...Almond Joy, S'mores, Don Quixote, and a Choco-Coffee Creation) or build your own...all with a base of their fantastic soft serve -*vegan* soft serve. True. These things are about 16oz...and a little natural disaster in a glass, so I recommend sharing if you are not plan to make it your meal. 3 words: Tsoynami for breakfast. -2 stars for pizza and sandwiches:: These were just dissapointing. The Texas po'boy with portabello in their Espresso BBQ sauce sounded unique and delicious, but it was really a let down. The BBQ sauce was altogether too sweet. The peppers were sauteed to a point of sadness, and they just contributed even MORE sweetness to the dish. Really missed the BBQ mark (I am a 'que sauce executive, by the by). The hot-wing po'boy, however, seemed to have stolen ALL of the flavour and spice from the Texas. *Very* hot (I enjoy heat, so it was fine for me, but I caution more sensitive buds), and too greasy for my taste.But the pizza was the BIG misfire. I had heard good things about the type of vegan cheese they use, so I definitely wanted to try that while we were in town. My mistake. I just have to face it. I am NOT into the melty-cheese thing (all of you dairy-dos are rolling your eyes...yes, I get it, the big 'duh' for the vegan girl). Horrible texture, taste and ALL too much of it. (Omni-mum agreed). Even scraping it off, the taste lingered. The sauce was nice, but the mushrooms and onions, again, were too oily, and the veggeroni was just store-bought yuck. (I was hoping for some home-made-less-processed seitan or something). The crust was just a thin flat-bread, which I do not like for pizza. The sauce was tasty...but too thinly spread (and affected by the yuck cheese). +1 star for free fresh fruit substitute:: Seriously, how many times do you have to give a kidney in order to get some fruit or veggies subbed for a side? Thank you, Green, for being reasonable.So, do the math and you have 4 stars. Seriously, the Tsoynamis did all of the work on that one. I am tempted to advise Green to just shut down the food side and roll out the Tsoynamis non-stop. However, my mum really liked the fries. Next time we are in Phoenix, we will definitely go to Green again, but only for Tsoynamis...and maybe fries. I recommend you do the same.
5	vegan diner food, served with diner attitude, yay!  fries, burgers, fusion, tsoynamis....they have some grocery stuff, baked goods and fancy bottled drinks for sale as well.
4	This place is great! The food is delicious and the atmosphere is pretty cool too. The only caveat is that the portions were a bit small and my mother asked for no onions and they still put them on her gyro. Still, even with those complaints, this place is an oasis in the desert.
5	Green is, hands down, my favorite restaurant in the Valley. The ingenuity of offering comfort vegan food is matched by its excellent and delicious execution of the concept. Here you can find inventive takes on veghead staples such as salads and Thai-inspired noodle dishes to daring vegan versions of chili fries and hot wings (made from mushroom stems) that prove worthy rivals to the animal-involved originals. The bistro features a varied menu, bolstered by specials that change daily. Green also features a handful of prepackaged vegan specialty foods, including gelatin-free marshmallows.Perhaps what I like best about Green is its hip, progressive vibe that has not fallen victim to the snotty hipster nonsense so prevalent in The Valley's "cool" restaurants. On the contrary, the staff at Green is always helpful and friendly.
2	Hubby has been eating mostly vegetarian lately, so we decided to check out Green. I don't think we'll go back. Everything we ate, we could get better elsewhere. Hubby's pad-thai-ish dish was pretty good, with noodles, a zippy sauce, and big crunchy veggies. All of which makes the nastiness of the egg(less) rolls even more inexplicable. They were positively mushy inside, and had both hot and cold spots. Maybe it's just me, but I like some texture and identifiable ingredients in my egg rolls. They were also weirdly spiced and arrived without the dipping sauce advertised in the menu. The busser admitted they were made ahead of time, which certainly doesn't help matters. He didn't seem to care that we thought they were bad- he just shrugged and said, "Well SOME people don't like them." Well, I guess we're SOME people then. We also tried the much praised pseudo crab puffs, and they were pretty good, especially with the dipping sauce that managed to come out with this plate. Hubby also had to have the soy "blizzard". He liked it, and I thought the taste was fine initially, but then had an aftertaste I didn't care for. The atmosphere is clearly meant for hipster youngsters. The lighting was so low that I literally had a hard time reading the white on black menu. Seriously, Green. Have some consideration for your clientele over 20. The last thing that left a negative impression was some of the staff. As we finished our meal, they were starting to close. Hubby went up to the counter to order his soy "blizzard" and the too-cool-for-the-rest-of-us young man behind the counter had to ask a co-worker if they were still making them. Um, if you still have customers in the restaurant, I would imagine you should still be making them. It's not like we were in there for a half hour past closing, and there were still many customers in the place. One last observation: what's up with all the vegetarian and vegan smokers clogging the entrance? God forbid there be any animal products in your bodies, but bring on the tar and chemicals!?! As someone who quit smoking after many years, I would appreciate it if Green would insist that their customers observe the keep-it-20-feet-from-the-entrance ordinance.
5	I loved this veggie place.  I was in Scottsdale for my college graduation and looked for a great veggie place.  I totally recommend this place!
5	This vegan place is two things - simply delicious and totally casual.  They also rigidly adhere to their stated closing times - so you need to get there well before.We  eat there at least once a month and with all the guests we've brought and our wanderings around the menu can state nothing is bad.  Of course you'll develop your own favorites.
5	A treasure on a trip was found today.   I was in AZ until just a few hours ago, and I feel compelled to write my first AZ review about this place, GREEN.   A definite vegetarian delight.   The offerings were many, and my Green Burger, actually Red, was DEE-Lish.    The thyme fries also yum-yum.  The space was welcoming with the VW car doors & various parts + poetic justice painted upon the wall, the mini-market shelf & cooler grocery items also just a straight-up love fest for me.   I also had some crazy good tasy coffee beverage that carried me all the way back to Chicago.   Happy people go here, you can see it on their faces, and the staff - super-duper friendly to out of towners like myself, offering up words of wisdom on the area for my next visit.   The place is hard to find in a tiny strip mall in the corner, next door to the Salvation Army and a fantastic bike shop.   Happy visitor made happier by GREEN.
1	TERRIBLE! Everything was either fried or so salty I could not even eat it. The atmosphere was nice, laid back and stylish but the food was not good. I got the tofu with veggies and brown rice and it was so salty I could even take more than 2 bites. We also the hummus and pita as an appetizer. The pita chips were FRIED and so greasy! I left with a stomach ache. Very disappointed. I came all the way from the bay area to try this place and will not recommend to vegan friends or anyone else. Sorry guys! Need to go with fresh local produce menu and help make vegans proud... help all people  eat healthy...not stuff them with fried processed food that will contribute to America's obesity problem. Good luck!
5	Veg comfort food...SWEET.  My husband and I are doing this detox thing with no gluten too, and they had tons of things on the menu we could have ordered.  He was laughing at me (I've been a back and forth vegetarian/pescatarian for 5 years - always one or the other) as I went through the menu online going "oooh!  oh my god....oooh!"  It is a rare treat for me to find a place where I can eat EVERY SINGLE ITEM on the menu, without any modifications needing to be made.We got carryout and it was certainly a bit of a drive from Central Phoenix (2nd location, please?  :)), but it was totally worth it.  I can't wait to try nearly everything on the menu.Is it greasy?  Probably.  Is it health food?  No.  Is it awesome?  You bet.  P.S. I got the Mongolian Rice Noodle Bowl with Mock Chicken, and he got the Drunken Chicken w/Rice Noodles.
5	Best vegan comfort food imaginable! Their food is always tasty but I couldn't handle it every day. The no-harm-parm sandwich is my favorite with their curry pasta salad. So good!
5	mmm vegan fast food or I guess comfort food. :) Lots of great choices here, love the crab puffs, and the Thai noodle bowl. Service is always fast and friendly and the decor is artsy. Very cool place to hang out and eat.
4	Green has stepped it up. Went today for lunch and the food was delicious. Ordered the wings again, so spicy and wonderful, this time I went with the "meat"ball sandwich, the marinara was very good and the ratio of cheese to meatballs - perfect. Think Mama Mia's meatballs, great consistency.  I also really enjoyed the fruit cup it came with, it had pears.. Pears on a fruit cup are rare. The beverage selection was also great, green tea freshly brewed and all sorts of green, organic sodas.I will be going back for lunch. (Even if I could make it in my own kitchen).
5	Ode to my little vegan haven...you are the sweet escape from the strife and angst of eating out almost everywhere else other than my kitchen, a delicious relief from the menus that more resemble checklists of things I cannot/choose not to eat. I can at last read "chicken wings" and actually order them, extra sauce. I can drool at the thought of a po' boy sandwhich, spinach and artichoke dip, or spicy singapore noodles. I can wear a baseball cap, order chili fries and kick it with the home team. I can introduce you to all my beloved carnivores and listen to the "mmmmm"s without any questions as to why I choose to eat the way I do. ** Sigh **
3	I decided to give Green a few other tries. I've been back for the Soynami's multiple times even. They are VERY good, almost unbelievable how they make them taste. They don't have that nasty nutty soy aftertaste that seriously makes me want to hurl.I also tried the original spicy po boy. It's basically just a spicy mock chicken sandwich. I'm not a huge fan of the mock meats but I found it to be ok. I wouldn't order it again but it wasn't bad. Their fries are very delicious and soaked in a layer of grease, which is probably why they taste sooo good.The staff is always nice and helpful. When I've asked them about gluten in some of their desserts, they're very knowledgeable and immediately know what does and doesn't, which is a nice surprise.
4	Good vegan junk food.  Honestly, stay away from the healthier-sounding items - most of it that I've had tastes nowhere near as good as the sauce-drenched fried seitan sandwiches.
4	My vegan wife loves this place.  It's nice eating there, but I'm trying to avoid soy protein, and there are too few such options on their menu (I would prefer more non-soy entrees).  And a lot of the food is much too greasy for my taste.
3	Tsoynamis are the bomb. Seriously the best thing in this restaurant. On the other hand, I have had other things on the menu and they have always been ok...but I seem to always feel sick after eating there. However, the vibe in the restaurant is very chill and not really snotty or pretentious. and I enjoy their drink options. The lemonade and the tea is really good. Green, you are a good place for vegans and veggies to go but as far as the rest of us, I guess we just have to get used to the mock meat and tofu.
4	I've recently adopted a vegan diet, and Green has given me a reason to never look back! The food was delicious. The crab puffs, kung pao bowl, greeza pizza, and tsoynamis have been haunting my dreams, and calling me back. And this is a hip restaurant that I wouldn't mind going back to. As far as my eyes can see, it looks to be a pretentious hipster hangout, but the atmosphere is so relaxed I can feel comfortable dining in.There are too few tables for me to give this 5 stars. Green needs to prepare for a crowd.
5	I absolutely love this place! its vegetarian and offers some vegan i am a pescetarian by the way, don't eat meat except fish, now ill just list what I've had and what i think of it all.... spicy buffalo "wings"- delicious, like the best, and to me it tastes like real chicken chili fries- good but i didn't like it that much, lots of chili on them, i prefer their thyme fries (considered their regular fries) crab puffs- they're pretty good, to me nothing fantastic but they don't suck either so they're just good egglessrolls- i cant remember if i loved these or just liked them? But from what i remember they were good samosas- this was the first time i had samosas and i thought they were ok, i personally didn't like them that much i haven't had any of their salads or pizzas for myself orcciette pasta- i really didn't like this that much, to much onion, But they tend to make things differently sometimes so maybe it just wasn't a good day for me And i got the chicken so maybe the meatballs would have been better Thai peanut- this is my absolute FAVorite dish!!!! With mock chicken and noodles, its just so delicious. If you don't like peanut sauce though it might not be for you, even though i didn't originally think id like it, so hey you should just try it. the original 'g' spicy po-boy - really good, its just the chicken wings but in a sandwich and bigger pieces of it in it hah its really good though no harm chicken parm sandwich- from what i remember this was good I've tried several variations of the soft serves and the tsoynami, and every one I've tried yet is delicious! Hope you like it if you try it! haha, Here's the link: http://www.greenvegetarian.com/
5	I am a total carnivore, but I have dated around 6 vegans ...so needless to say I have been forced to eat a lot of food I wouldn't choose if I was eating by myself. Let's face it...most vegan food sucks. It's plain, it looks unappetizing, and the fake meat tastes like chewy pieces of unflavored cardboard. This isn't the case with the food at Green. It is DELICIOUS. A million different options all waiting to explode your taste buds. I personally crave the Thai peanut bowl and Buffalo chicken wings on a weekly basis. The BBQ chicken sand which is amazing too. Don't under estimate this place. It wouldn't be as busy as it is, or stay open as long in AZ if it wasn't so incredibly yummy.
5	I love this place! It's the perfect place to bring vegetarians and meat eaters.  The tofu is cooke perfectly, they sell gelatin free jello, and the fries are amazing!
4	There are several foods that are worthwhile, but I have had some that are average. The wings and ranch is the best food they have; the bowls are, well, underperformers. The burgers are very good, and their pizzas are worthwhile. Green is good for quick vegan on the go, and I think that most of the food is good at Green. It is definitely college-aged ambiance dining in. I'd really love to see the veg world in Phoenix take off, and find some competition. It's a limited pool here in town.
5	Where do I start, how about with desert?!  You can not go to Green and not get a tsoynami!  They offer many different flavors so why not just try them all, you won't be let down.  From fruit to chocolate and peanut butter, just pick one!  The fact that you can go to a restaurant and not ask your server if what you order is vegetarian friendly is a dream come true!  I go to Green when I am craving vegetarian comfort food.  The spicy buffalo wings and vegan chili fries are a good way to kick that craving.   The no harm chicken parm sandwich is so tasty but watch out it is messy!  If you want something a little healthier I recommend one of the bowls or a salad of course.  Either way in my opinion you won't go wrong with whatever you try.  Vegetarian food has come a long way and I couldn't be happier to have so many options!!!
5	So tough to judge a place when you've only had one meal there...  however, I shall do just that.  I took other yelpers advice and went for more junk food oriented fare.  Had myself some fries and what resembled a philly cheese steak.  Amazing!  Totally what I was in the mood for and just perfect.
3	I'm not vegan or vegetarian, but I've been back to Green a couple times now.  To be honest, I'm still a little suspicious of the mock meat items but I'll be the first to tell you the mock chicken buffalo wings taste oh so good.  Tastes like chicken!! haha.  They have this amazing tea too (the amber looking one), can't go wrong with the thai peanut bowl.
4	Well, I fell into the classic trap. Let me warn you:VEGAN DOES NOT MEAN HEALTHYSure, a vegan diet can be healthier than a meat diet, depending on whose advice you're following. Fried starches are vegan, sugar is vegan, overly- processed chemical meat substitutes are vegan... you get the idea.That being said, this place is tasty. They offer a substantial and varied menu to appeal to the masses while maintaining a no-harm attitude. Even the to-go containers are eco-friendly.I had the Thai peanut bowl with mock chicken and brown rice. I don't usually go for the fake n' bake, but I was persuaded. This was convincing, but I would probably go for the tofu next tme. The sauce was delicious and the dish was satisfying, the veggie to chicken ratio was impressive (lots of both).Hubsky ordered thee Argentine po-boy, a fake steak sandwich with caremelized peppers and onions with vegan mayo and chimichuri sauce. He found that satidfying. I tasted it for reviewing purposes, and I have to say that it was spicy and tasty, but again, I prefer tofu or veggies to fake meat. They did a great job of approximating the texture of steak with the seitan, but the immitation was of a fattier cut of steak. I would have preferred a chewier texture "well-done" texture.I packed up half my dish to leave room for the much touted Tsoynami. It lived up to its reputation. The varieties available can be overwhelming. I had a Newman's Own chocolate mint thing, but I would probably go for something completely chocolate next time. The mint was too sweet for me.It should also be noted that there were oatmeal cream cookie sandwiches that I did not try but have been thinking about since my visit... three weeks ago.
4	This place is GREAT! It is a GREAT place to impress your meat-eating friends! Tell them to get the buffalo wings, buffalo chicken sandwich, or mongolian chicken bowl... those are the best dishes!
5	Went here last week or somethin, still delicious of course!By the way someone pointed out in my past review I put it's vegetarian and some vegan when it really is all vegan. Oh well, if you didn't mention it's vegan it could just be vegetarian! haha Yay green!
5	Not only does it have absolutely delicious vegetarian/vegan food, but apparently it's also a great place for celebrity sightings.  My friend and I saw Jim from Jimmy Eat World grabbing lunch there yesterday.  Clearly, we all have fantastic taste!Favorites: the Sweet and Sour bowl with crispy tofu ... and don't forget the organic limeade!
5	Best vegetarian cuisine in Phoenix, easily. It has a cool, artsy environment with a nice vibe. The service is pretty fast and it's not too expensive, considering the amazing delicious quality of the food. I'd say the average meal costs 12 to 15, including drinks and the almost mandatory order of crab puffs (they're that good). om nom nom nom
5	This vegan restaurant is simply amazing.  You would be hard pressed to not realize the meatless products you are eating are not made with, well, meat.  I have never had a bad meal here, and would recommend it to anyone.  You should definitely try the buffalo wings and the fries.If you stop in, the Tsoynami lives up to its grand reputation.
5	I don't give out five stars lightly. This place was good. We went there twice while we were in town and the second time we got two whole other meals to take with us and eat for dinner later. They have soy milkshakes, people!!! We had a peanut butter and jelly shake (tsoynamis, they call them - so cute!) and one with almond cookies and caramel. We had appetizers and sandwiches one day and a salad and pizza the next. We got take-out bowls - one Italiany thing my husband got and the most delicious mushroom with noodles bowl - I find myself thinking of it when I get really hungry. Everything was tasty. Super tasty! I'm glad they're not too close to home or we'd end up going more often than we should and I would have a hell of a time resisting some of the less healthy menu items (hello fried pita). If you're going to the Phoenix area and you are vegan you better go here!
2	I've visited Green on many occasions, and personally I am never over impressed.  The bbq pizza is horrid, the soyami's taste like chalk and the chicken po- boy is just okay.  The upside to this restaurant is the quaint decor and it's lovely charm.  Bring back veggie fun.
5	Vegetarians & Vegans: you're gonna love Green, that's for sure. The place is 100% vegan ingredients & food. And it is delicious!Everyone else: you're gonna like it too! Pretty much everyone that I've taken to Green or talked to that has been there (Vegetarian or not) has enjoyed the food. They've got an awesome selection of appetizers, entree items & deserts. Check em, yo.
5	Went here over the weekend and had the artichoke dip appetizer for the first time, i thought it was delicious!Although the chips were a bit greasy. I still loved it though haha, but I forgot to take pictures of our food :((look at my past reviews for other recommended dishes :D)
5	Excellent food and atmosphere.  I had thai Peanut bowl and my wife had the "chicken" swarma.  They were both delious and filling.  When you go try the tsoynami deserts. Very nice to have on a hot day.
5	i'm not a vegan or a vegetarian, i thoroughly enjoy sinking my teeth into a thick juicy piece of medium-rare steak. and i love eggs in the morning and chicken tacos at 2am. i am also very hesistant to try anything the attempts to substitute for meat, because i think it's just psychologically strange. BUT ever since my friend turned me onto green about 2 years ago, i've had nearly everything on the menu. and never been disappointed or grossed out by anything.my favorites: number one absolutely has to be the mexi-cali burger. i could eat these everyday. it has the flame-broiled taste of a real burger and even the bright red color of raw meat, but don't let it freak you out. it also comes with hummus, bright orange nacho cheese, and chipotle sauce. this burger is SPIIICCYYYY so beware. their fries are crispy and perfectly seasoned. also love their soy ice cream treats, soy-namis, my favorite being the raisin with captain crunch. their lime-ade, lemon-ade, and teas are always fresh and delicious. i also love the diablo red bowl which is another dish for spicy-lovers and comes with fresh roasted eggplant (yummmm) and tomatos. their pita chips and hummus are to die for. they're crispy chips which i enjoy better than just a regular pita being served with hummus. and their buffalo wings are almost as good as the real thing.green nails vegetarian and healthy mock ups of american food right on the head.
5	I love, love, love GREENS!  I ate there today after seeing the reviews on Yelp!  I'm a MEAT eater, but I enjoyed the Vegan dishes here. The  bottled drinks are sort of expensive though, but then again I think they are made with Stevia.
3	I'm a rather picky eater and my first attempt at a fully Vegan restaurant   was interesting. I like my meat so when I first saw 'mock' chicken and 'mock' beef I had to double take at the menu. I decided to play it safe with ordering the balsamic strawberry and green salad. I was a tad dissappointed the dressing was  a tad bland and the fig's in the salad through the flavor off for me, but it wasn't bad. would I order that dish again, probably not. Would I go back? I think I would just to give it a try and see if they have something of more flavor but wouldn't be the first on my list of options.
4	I am not a Vegan, nor am I a vegetarian. I tried this lifestyle in my early 20's and I just couldn't be faithful. I love meat way too much. That doesn't mean I won't accept alternatives here and there. I felt somewhat healthier as a vegetarian and do enjoy eating like one once in a while. So yesterday I tried Green.. Now let me just say, a lot of places I have tried like this have been seriously disappointing. Either it tastes like hydrogenated dog shit or looks like it.. and I once found a rubber band in my Black-eyed Pea Cake at Blossom, but we'll save that story for another review.. Green however, did not disappoint. Edamame to start, because I am a super fan of it and eat it whenever possible.. I like that they served it with lime. Something I had never thought to add, but it was a nice touch. Then I had the Apricot Miso with mock chicken and pan fried noodles. Certainly an interesting dish, with a stir fry type mix of pineapple, dried apricots, sliced apples, broccoli and some other vegetables, in a sweet yet kinda spicy sauce which was really good. My buddy had the Original "G" spicy Po boy, and it was also tasty. You could barely tell the difference between "real" and "mock", which is hard to do. The interior is super cute and funky. I liked that, but there was absolutely no where to sit, so we went outside and sat in the shade, which wasn't too terrible.. also a good sign that summer is ending sooner than later. One complaint I do have... bring your own fork! I know it sounds silly but they only have forks carved out of wood, which break upon entering pretty much anything I tried to use it for. . Definitely try Green. Vege or not, its worth a visit.
5	YUM!I have recently become a vegetarian (NO MEAT!) and really enjoy having a strictly vegetarian eatery within a half hour drive.The food here is amazing & makes me come back for more.Anyone who likes good food or is trying to cut down their meat consumption, should definitely check out the Green Vegetarian Restaurant.
3	It's nice to have place solely focused on the vegan in humanity. Atmosphere in this place is mellow, and minimalistic, with thought provoking, psuedo intellectual, writings on the walls. this place has a great selection of food, especially when it comes to meat imitation. Unfotunately all the meat imitation is soy based, and therefore hard on the stomach and digestive system. I once had a Po' Boy Chx Sandwich that stayed with me for 12 hours before deciding we didn't get along.Everything else here is great, the ice cream, salads, fresh made lime-and-lemonade.just stay away from the Soy heavy product.
4	First off I'm from Chicago.  I was raised on meat and potatoes.  The thought of going to a vegan restaurant has never sounded appetizing to me.   A few weeks ago my friend Mike a fellow Chicagoan took me there for lunch.  I'm hooked.  Been back two times in a week and a half.  Forget about it being vegan.  Green is just a good restaurant.  I have tried the Argentine sandwich, Buffalo Chicken Sandwich, Teriyaki chicken, chili cheese fries and more.  Everything tastes great!  The prices are reasonable and the service is fast and friendly!   I love the decor, it has an earthy hippie vibe.   My favorite thing at Green is the the Soynami,  it is their version of  a Dairy Queen Blizzard!
5	I have eaten here many times.  Some of the dishes are amazing, others are good.  I find it hard to remember what i have had to really try everything...  Absolutly recomend.-Back for the Humus and the Picnic Salid, both fantastic
5	This place is awesome.  I rarely venture outside of my hood in Scottsdale but I decided to give this a whirl.  I've driven by it for years and never checked it out.  It looks a bit sketchy from the outside but a laid back, sorta eclectic atmosphere inside with cool music and really healthy, fresh food.  I don't know what this "vegan" thing is but I think I like it.  This is one of my new favorites.
5	Hey vegan! Yeah you. Get your skinny ass down to Green for some seriously good food. Seriously. The mock chicken rocks. Go. Now.
5	I've been a meet lover my entire life and tried eating at Green and was pleasantly surprise about how delicious everything was. I am especially fond of the apple, fig salad and the mock chicken wings. For a first timer it was delicious!Well, worth the drive.
5	I'm from Boston & found this place when in Tempe...I'm in love!! The food is AMAZING. I've seriously considered vacationing in Arizona just so I can go back to this place (I'm not kidding). Even better they could open one in Boston!!
5	I live in San Diego, but baby brother lives in the Temps so whever I'm in town we go here! I am IN LOVE! Let's start with the thing I dream about while I'm awake and asleep... the soy soft serve! It is AMAZING. Imagine a blizzard with any toppings you want EXCEPT the toppings are one million times better and the soft serve is house made and SOY. Yes please. The best: Espresso grounds, coconut, raisins, and walnuts. Also amazing: the PB&J. Just get. it. now.Everything I've tried has been fabulous. The prices are reasonable for the value, love and thought that goes into the food. The Mock Chicken wings are delicious and they even come with a delicious vegan cucumber "mock ranch" dipping sauce. All their Bowls look perfect but I need to try more of them and some pizza! Green come to San Diego. I'll run it! Everyone will love you don't be shy!
5	While I generally shy away from "pretend meats and dairy," I have to hand it to Green for doing both exceptionally well.  Everything tastes fresh, flavorful, and generally amazing, and every non-vegetarian I have taken to this restaurant has been blown away!  I especially love the "moo-shroom po-boy," which is a vegan version of a pulled-pork sandwich, made with an espresso barbecue sauce and bell peppers.  It's extraordinarily messy, but even more delicious.  Their artichoke dip is also great, and does very well in the fridge; I think it might have been better the next day.  Just keep in mind that the place is usually crowded, so if you are going with a group, avoid peak hours!
5	Green is the bomb!   I would list what is good, but that would be everything i have ever eaten there.I wish there was one in Downtown Phoenix.
5	My first review on Yelp(I am way overdue) and it undoubtedly has to be Green. My first venture to Green was actually before I was a Vegan, I had just transitioned to trying vegetarianism and I thought " Wow, being a Vegan is easy!! " Well not exactly, but Green helps - unfortunately not all Vegan food is as creative or tasty.Green isn't a health food place but some of there items are better for you then others. But you can be sure you are not getting a stack of cholesterol/saturated fat and animal protein to give you years of bad health and interesting diseases (yep I said it).Pretty much everything is good at Green, I can only think of one so-so meal I have ever had and it was a special.  I am convinced it was not made correctly in the first place. The Spicy Po'Boy sandwich was my 1st and 2nd meal at Green and still a favorite, all the burgers are good, pizza is decent, bowls all taste similar but are all great. Appetizers are cheap and all good(try the hummus, non-wings, crabless puffs). Tsoynamis are incredible. Most of their specials are good, and don't forget about Green on holidays when you feel like not eating an animal(like the majority of folks). July 4th this year had an excellent spread and all for $5(which went to charity of course).I forgot about the location a long time ago, yes the strip mall is nothing special and unsightly but who really cares. The atmosphere inside has improved over the years and all the people who work there and go there all seem to be quite chill(even the meat eaters). I just wish there was a second location closer to me in North-Cen Phoenix(maybe someday)Phoenix doesn't have a ton of Vegan restaurants, but this place rivals other Vegan restaurants in much more Vegan friendly cities. My one complaint(or hope) is that someday they won't have to call things "mock chicken" and "mock beef". I know this is to appeal to the masses and most people even in the Vegan community could care less but TVP, Seitan, etc all have a unique taste and texture and should be celebrated for that and called exactly what they are. "Wheat meat", " Veggie meat", "soy meat", whatever. Animal "meat" doesn't have the bounty on the word meat, what do you call the innards of a coconut or avocado? Ahhh now you get me, ok end of rant.Go to Green, Carnivore or Herbivore, or anything in between, for the good food/atmosphere. Keep coming back for the reasons of why Green exists at all.
5	Green is absolutely delicious. I first ate here a couple of years ago and I still cannot get enough of this place. I love the eggless rolls, I love the greenza, I love the crab puffs, I love the thyme fries and I absolutely adore the tsoynami. I wish there were more restaurants as delicious and as vegan as is this one.
4	My friend and I split a Po Boy, BBQ chicken sandwich and some crab puffs. I'm not a vegan but I decided it was time for something healthy. i liked the Po Boy it was quite spicy. It was almost as good as the vegan Po Boy at wholefoods. The crab puffs tasted good but I like the regular stuff. I loved the BBQ chicken though it tasted almost like regular chicken and it was really tasty.  The fries were really tasty too. The only missing star is because the atmosphere to me different I'm not quite used to it but I highly recommend this place to others.
5	Cool place, and you don't need to be a vegetarian to enjoy it. My fiance honestly thought he was eating chicken shwarma made out of chicken. I told him after we left.
4	Green is A-OK with THIS meat-a-tarian.First, let me tell you I'm not a vegetarian. I like bacon way too much and I have a hard time even liking vegetables. I went today for a going away lunch with a co-worker and so surprised at just how good Green was!  I admit, I was totally trash talking the mock-chicken before I had it. It just sounded weird. Pssshaw...."mock" chicken. I'm just super excited about the fact that most of the bowls are gluten free except the Thai peanut. I got the coconut curry "chicken" and boy, was it tasty! They make it with tamari sauce instead of soy sauce, hence the gluten free-ness of the dish.If I wasn't so full from the artichoke dip I would have devoured a soynami (vegan blizzard). They don't have any gluten ingredients in them either, except for whatever toppings you might toss in. It's pretty rare that I can go to a restaurant and eat 80% of the menu. What a treat!
4	I came here last night to experience all that is Green.  I was excited because I'm trying to go on this less meat eating path, and Green is the perfect place to do so.The setup is absolutely adorable with the denim insulation and the VW hubcaps and car doors.  And the menu layout for all the tsoynamis is equally cute.My friend and I got the wings to start, the red diablo, and the kung pao bowl.  The wings were really good, and I love the dipping sauce they came with!  I was in heaven with my red diablo bowl.  I loved the consistency of the mock chicken and the eggplant had been soaked in sauce for a while so it was completely mushy, just the way I like it!  I completely polished off my bowl, and my friend did the same.  Yet he was still craving the tsoynami since the guy at the counter gave us a free sample.After going through all of our options, at which point he decided we would never be friends again because I don't like coffee, rootbeer, or mint, we decided on the rocky road tsoynami.  These things are huge and perfect to split with someone for an after dinner treat.  They definitely do not skimp on the toppings.This place is perfect to get some flavorful vegetarian in, and it's served at a pretty good price.  I definitely have to come back and check out the salads.
5	Everything I have ever ordered here is AMAZING!!I even turned my 'meat & potato's' husband onto this place who had lunch with me here  'just to please me'.He now eats his lunch here EVERY Wednesday like clockwork!We are both addicted! I adore the thai peanut bowl and hubby loves the mexicali burger. The garlic hummus is also YUMMY as is the No Harm Chicken Parm!!My only gripe is that they dont have a 2nd location in North Scottsdale!!(hint-hint!!)
5	I'm not vegan by lifestyle but I have allergies to dairy and chicken eggs so I eat quite a bit of vegan foods. Plus eating vegan dishes helps me eat more veggies which is always beneficial.I just moved to Phoenix from the Bay Area 2 months ago, and I've eaten at Green 4 times already. The food is really tasty at Green, and they are very creative with the use of vegan cheese, mock meats, and desserts. Oh my their desserts are awesome! In fact, I went there once with a friend and she could not believe how good the Orangesicle soynami dessert was. She couldn't tell that there was no dairy in it which is an excellent sign.The customer service is excellent and they are friendly, and very nice to explain dishes if you don't understand anything. I was curious what the mock meats were actually made of, and learned something new.You can take non-vegans to Green and they will have plenty of things to eat and enjoy.
4	I came in skeptical and left a believer!This place is great! I am not a vegan nor a vegitarian, so when my friend Dave suggested this for lunch I was concerned. After a bite of my mock chicken rice bowl with peanut sauce, I was all in. The lime aid is awesome too!Don't confuse vegan for low calorie though!
4	MMM, I love their po-boys! Actually everything I've tried here I've liked. They have a fun little bookshelf thing full of vegan grocery items too, so you can get your vegan on while you're there and feeling inspired. My only quibbles would be that occasionally the staff seems like they may go kill themselves in the back of the store at any minute (though can you blame them? Serving jobs get old fast). But that's only once in awhile. Also it's easy to not feel hip enough to eat there, it exudes hipster vegan kid vibes, which can be intimidating. But the food is great and the prices reasonable, so really the rest of that stuff doesn't really matter! Go there, even meat eaters and non-vegans will like it, it might even convert some people!
5	I am always reading reviews on restaurants, stores, products, everything, so I thought I'd start writing some of my own since I go out to eat almost every day. I went to this restaurant for the first time a few weeks ago and have been back 4 times already! I never would have noticed it as it's tucked away in the corner of a small shopping center. Being a meat lover my entire life I was a little hesitant about trying anything with "mock" chicken, but was pleasantly surprised on how tasty it was. I've tried a few of the rice/noodle bowls (thai peanut is my favorite) and haven't been disappointed yet. The price is right (under $10), the staff is friendly and the food was at our table in less than 10 minutes. Highly recommended!
5	I'm a vegan and find it hard to eat out, but after discovering Green, I finally have a choice I can always rely on. The food is great and the service is very friendly. I recommend it to anyone--vegan or not!
3	For some odd reason I got a wild hair up my butt and wanted to try a vegetarian restaurant.  I still have no idea why.  My wife and I are not vegans or anything close to it, but I still wanted to try something new and exciting.  I wanted something close to home and Green was rated the best in my area so I figured what the heck.The place looked exactly like what I expected.  I am totally preppy so my only words to describe it is "hippy".  The place was pretty packed with weird hippy people but everyone was very nice.  It wasn't really my scene but it didn't matter because I was there for the food and a new experience.When my wife and I first entered the establishment we first waited for a hostess to seat us for a few seconds.  Then, after figuring out that it was probably a seat yourself type of place, we took a seat and waited for a waitress/waiter.  Most of the other tables had people looking over menus so we figured that a waitress/waiter took orders.  After a few minutes of sitting, we decided that we should probably go up to the counter and order.  Not that I had a problem with it, its just that it was very confusing.Anyway, here is the rundown of what we ordered and my rating of it. * spicy buffalo wings - they didn't look like it, but they did have the texture and flavor of real wings....kinda.  The sauce was good and spicy but was very very salty.  The "ranch" was good too.  I would order this again.* artichoke gratine - very good and pretty spicy - I would order again* green burger - neither myself or my wife was a fan of this.* diablo red bowl - I actually thought this was good.  Aside from it being very very very very salty, the dish was very flavorful and had a nice kick to it.  I ordered it with mock beef which somehow had the texture and flavor of beef.All in all I thought this place was ok.  The staff is friendly, the food was ready quickly and the prices are reasonable.  My only real issue is with the food.  Since I don't have any issues eating meat, I would just assume go to a place that serves real meat.  This place goes through a lot of trouble to make food that tastes/looks/feels/smells like meat for a bunch of people that don't want to eat meat.  It is all very strange to me.Although I probably won't be back unless I develop a severe allergy to meat and dairy, I would recommend it to people who want to try something different.  You probably won't find a better place to try out the vegan lifestyle and truly appreciate your carnivorous ways.
1	OK so this is my first review in a very long time, but I just can't keep quiet any longer. My husband is a big yelper but sometimes he does not tell the whole "truth".So the other night, my Husband decided we should try something totally different and go "Green". I love trying new places, I was down for the challenge. As usual, I went onto to YELP and looked at reviews. They were pretty positive, so it was a go.Well first of all I think people are just not honest. The ONLY reason to go to this restautant is if you are a vegan otherwise stay away. First of all, we walk in and it is chaos. A nice sign indicating please seat yourself or order at counter would be very helpful. So we look over the menu. I have to admit the idea of "mock" meat just does not sound good.Now don't get me wrong I go vegetarian all the time at restaurants. I have to admit that Chelsea's Kitchen makes an excellent black bean burger. Anyways, we start off with mock chicken wings, I would be lieing if I did not tell you I think I might have vomited a little in my mouth. So gross. Next, we try some artichoke dip, that was actually good because it was semi normal. I order the veggie burger. I have eaten plenty of boca burgers in  my day, but this was just gross. WHen I order a veggie burger I don't need it to look like an actual burger patty. It was pink inside. Again, I could not even eat it, I thought I was going to be sick. If I wanted to get an actual burger, I would have gone to LGO and gotten a burger.Needless to say, I will not be going back. Just riddle me this, if you don't eat me then why do you insist in making your food appear as meat??? I don't like tuna fish, and the last thing I would want is my steak to look and smell like tuna fish!!
5	YOU MUST EAT HERE!  Love THE Salad and my S'more Tsunami.  Well, it was my daughters, but still it was delicious.  Service was great.  I was totally impressed.
4	I like Green. Good food, relatively cheap, and a cozy atmosphere. I wish that it could be guilt free, but I'm willing to eat here again and again anyway. The mock-chicken is delicious. Who knew? And although I have not yet tried a Tsoynomi, I've been told by EVERYONE that they are marvelous. My friend had the Loco Coco (or was it Coco loco? I can't remember) and was moaning over its delicious factor the entire time she ate it. So yeah, I'm guessing it was more than good. Green is worth a try, even if you're not vegetarian/vegan. I'm pretty sure the mock-beef or mock-chicken could fool my "meat-a-tarian" dad...well, maybe not, but he'd probably still be pleased.
2	If your goal is to eat stuff, but avoid a place that serves meat, then this is your spot.  However, if you seek decent food that holds up to comparison with actual restaurants rather than your high school cafeteria, then you may be disappointed.  This is truly mediocre, yet totally veg, fare.
5	For vegetarian fare, these guys are tops in my books.  I've always wanted to eat vegetarian because I knew it was healthy, but every vegetarian place I've been to (or every vegetarian recipe I've cooked, for that matter) has been very ... un-delicious.  Green is one of the few places in the valley that I would jump at the chance to eat at with a friend.  I've had their Kung Pao with mock chicken and it rivaled well known Kung Pao with real ACTUAL chicken.  It was quite satisfyingIt's decor is neo-hippie-weird -- but don't let that scare you.  It works with this place. And don't forget to ask about, save room for, and try a Tsoynami (a frozen ice-cream-blizzard-like treat).
5	I stumbled across Green in an effort to be a little more healthy in 2010. Tucked away in the corner of a very inauspicious strip mall off Scottsdale Road I can't say I was excited as I walked up to the front door. Luckily that all changes when you walk in where you are greeted with a vibrant atmosphere, really friendly staff and fantastic photographs adorning the walls.I had a spicy bean burger with to die for thyme fries and I could have eaten the meal twice it was so good. Fresh and tasty is how I would best describe my food and my companions choice too. I was stuck in a bit of an East Valley rut last year going to the same old favorites but now I can add this terrific little restaurant to my list of regular haunts and I couldn't be happier about it.Highly recommended.
4	This was my first time to a vegan restaurant, and it was a pretty good experience. I enjoyed my meal, and the service was quick and friendly. I had the special, something I don't think they serve everyday - Chicken Marsala. It was very tasty, and the pasta with marinara sauce was as well. The portion was a bit large for lunch, as was the price. Perfect for dinner, however. Other items more suitable for lunch were priced more appropriately. I will definitely go back to try out some of the other dishes.
4	Great Atmosphere... Great Service ... Great Food and Desert Menu !!! The People there were very nice, positive and happy ! I ordered ... Buffalo Wings - way too salty , I couldn't even finish them it was that much !! great texture though Peanut Thai Bowl - Very Good !!!! Pumpkin Pie TSoynami - Amazing Oatmeal Cream Pie - Very Good !!
3	The resturant has a nice ambiance and the food is pretty good...I'm not vegan, but I do try to make vegetarian choices as often as possible. I have to say though, I was pretty disappointed with the salad I had and the Po-Boy sandwhich with barbeque and mushrooms was just ok for me. I have heard from friends that the mexi-cali burger is good so I'm going to give it another shot! Their mock chicken is very good though I like the kung-pao bowl.
4	Mmmm... I finally made it to Green for lunch today.  I'd been once before but only had a drink - not sure why it took me so long to return.  But now that I've eaten there, I'll gladly return anytime!I really enjoyed my Balsamic Picnic Salad.  (Toasted organic pecans, apples, strawberries and  figs over fresh greens tossed in a homemade balsamic syrup.) Delicious!  I went with the large version and ate it all!I also shared an order of thyme fries although my lunch companion and I agreed that we couldn't taste the thyme...I noticed there were a bunch of fun and unique vegan products for sale including some sweet treats that looked damn good.  Service was friendly and efficient (thanks Stevie).  I'll be back soon!
3	I'm generally not a big fan of the tree-huggy, veggie crowd, but this place wasn't bad at all. Aside from all of the 3rd grade level refrigerator "art" hanging on the walls, it was actually a decent restaurant and I would go back again. I don't remember exactly what I ordered (Its been about 2 months), but it had fried tofu in it I think. All I remember was that I was very nervous going in, but when I tasted the food, I was pleasantly surprised.Oh yeah, and just for the record: bloody, red meat is not bad for you. Moldy, green meat is bad for you. :-)
5	I would say this is one of the best Vegetarian/Vegan restaurants I have been to in a while! Their mock meats are seasoned so well and the food is really healthy you feel good leaving there! Appetizer: Chili Fries...Yum! Entree: Kung Pao Chicken...Yummier! Dessert: Tsoynami with bananas, peanut butter, mallow...Yummiest!!!!! So good you must go!
4	My wife and I were at an environmental conference in phoenix last week. Would you believe an environmental conference didn't have vegetarian food options? So, we had to look elsewhere for dinner. We were glad we found Greens and likely will be back on our next trip to the desert. The place must be close to ASU after seeing a plethora of customers that certainly looked the college part.After reading all of these reviews on the crabcakes, we had to try them and I'm not sure what the big whoop was all about. Ours appeared to be kind of burnt and maybe that was the problem but I didn't actually care for the filling either.Being out of towners, we weren't quite sure how the place works. So, we were actually sitting at a table for several minutes before we realized we had to order at the register. For the entrees, we had trouble deciding and had to ask some helpful patrons while standing in line for some advice. We got the Drunken chicken and Thai Peanut. The Drunken Chicken was the better of the two dishes.
5	Had the shwarma chicken gyro with the curry pasta salad. It was delicious! Friendly staff, free WiFi, clean facility/restrooms, good price...what more could you ask for!If you are the kind of person who puts ranch dressing on everything they eat, this probably isn't your place - I'm sure you will find a fast food place down the road where your mac-rib sandwich was mass produced out of a stamp machine.
4	I love this place.  Food is amazing and the folks who own it:::very cool.If I lived in Tempe, i would eat here 3-4 times a week.  Anytime I visit AZ, I will eat here over and over and over .......
4	Good? Yes. Great? Perhaps, in time.  I'm just still missing Watercourse Foods in Denver, and it's hard not to compare.The vegan wings here were ok, but nothing like other places I've had. We were hoping they'd be more like buffalo wings, but the sauce was far more Asianic.  That said, everything we have ordered (dumplings, samosas, stir fries, sandwiches) has been good, just not quite outstanding.  I love their Thyme fries though -- delish.Service was a bit slow, but I've learned that this is standard fare in vegan/veggie places, so it didn't bother us much. The people watching, plus artwork on the walls, made the time pass quickly, and the staff themselves were incredibly outgoing and friendly.I definitely want to go back and try an Tsoynami -- they're just a little pricey.  Will have to wait till I'm really craving.I love that they have lots of vegan items for sale; they have some hard to find things that lots of my vegan friends love. It's hard not to overspend.I like their tea/limade/tamari drink options as well; can be fun if you mix them, and I love that their cups are compostable!All in all, a great vegan spot to get something comforting, but can be a little pricey for a "quick service" style place.
5	Unapologetic vegan comfort food. Just plain yum! Sandwiches, Bowls, Soy-namis, I haven't tried a dud yet. Everyone who works there is incredibly friendly as well. I frequently find myself daydreaming about this place.
4	Although a huge fan of bloody food. I have to say, Green is really damn good. As a former cook at Spiral Diner, I always checked out veg joints in other states, and rarely liked any of it. Green is great. even the faux meat dishes, which are usually the least impressive. Keep up the good work.
4	green is great. im not even vegetarian and i like it. a lot.the rice bowls . . . eh, i think i have had them once or twice.my favorite is the argentine po-boy and the buffalo chicken wings are the bomb. great angle to try and attract non-veggies to eat vegan/veggie food. they have "normal," fried, "unhealthy" food. honestly, you wouldnt even know you are eating hippie food. and make sure you get a tsoynami for desert. its like a blizzard made with house-made soy ice cream. they have like 20 flavors (different combos of mix-ins, like). but you probably want to split one becasue they are pretty big and filling, esp after you eat some buffalo chicken wings, and share some salad and a sammich.oh yeah, i tried the pesto pizza once before and wasnt too impressed.
5	This is the kind of Vegetarian food that makes me think I could never eat meat again.  Its delicious, flavorful and healthy.  I had the Balsamic Picnic Salad, a tasty combination of fresh dark greens, figs, strawberries and tart green apples.  We also had the Green Hummus and Artichoke Gratine.  Yum!  I can't wait to go back!  I think next time I will definitely have to try the Tsoynami...
4	Green keeps their vegan comfort food simple, and I'm going to do the same.When I hear "Green," I think:Best crab puffs ever, bar none.  Flavorful, filling vegan sandwiches, made only more comforting the vegan mayo.  Crispy thyme fries.  Fragrant, spicy Asian-inspired bowls with the most terrifyingly authentic mock meat I've ever tasted.  Overwhelming variety of unique, delicious drinks.Does it cost a couple bucks more than your average hero or Chinese take-out?  Sure.  Is it worth it?  Oh, yes. (This doesn't fit in anywhere, but: the decor is also super sweet, and there's a blonde waitress there who is my Style Idol...)
5	Oh Green Restaurant, how I love thee...I tried Green restaurant for the first time about a year ago.  As a vegetarian who was starving for some good food, I picked up a Green menu one day (dont know where I got it) and starting salavating at the menu options.  Lots and lots of options.  The first time I went I tried the po-boy sand.  It was good, but I wasnt too impressed as I could make something similar myself.  My daughter tried the crap puffs, and although she didnt like them (she's a true blue meat eater and knows the difference) I loved them.  Crisp, fried, deliciousness.  Their salads are delicious and their mock chicken anything is very good.  They even have chili fries- yummy!Havent tried the soynami shakes.  I am always too full when I leave there to even think about dessert, but after reading the reviews I will have to try one now.
5	Green....how I love thee.  Green may be vegan/vegetarian, but I certainly wouldn't claim it to be 'health' food.  Green is located in a small run down strip mall adjacent to Kore Bicycles on the NW corner of Scottsdale Road and McKellips.  It doesn't look like much from the outside and without knowing of Green you probably wouldn't do a second take upon passing it, however the food here is no less than amazing!  The decor is unique and fresh; 10-12 tables, a couch/lounge area, random artwork on the walls, painted quotes, lights hanging from the ceiling, and old painted car doors along one wall.  I've tried a random assortment of items from the menu and nothing has disappointed me...but by far my favorite is the BBQ 'Chicken' sandwich along with an appetizer of the spicy buffalo wings.  I believe the mock chicken Green uses is fungus based, Quorn perhaps (may not sound appetizing but it is freaking awesome).  I am not personally vegan, or even vegetarian for that matter but Green has me hooked.  I've 'forced' many of my meat eating friends to try Green and they have all become believers (if you could call sharing something so wonderful forcing).Great prices, great dishes, unique/fun atmosphere, and great service!!! (On one Saturday evening around 6:30 my boyfriend and I decided to pick up some Green to go, the place had a line out the door and it took about 30-45 min to get our food.  We weren't even upset about the wait, just waited patiently for our delicous order and upon arrival the server gave us two free entree tickets for our next visit and apologized.  THIS is how you keep your customers coming back for MORE!)  Love this place so much!
4	I am not a vegetarian, but this place has great stuff! I love their mock chicken with peanut sauce, as well as their chocloate chip cookies. Definetely check them out!
5	The foods are kept simple there, the buffalo wings are great.  The first thing that came in my mind was "wow i can't believe this is not meat".  saw them at Devour too.  Amazing restaurant, im so glad we finally have an amazing vegan restaurant in the valley.
5	Ok, went and got the TSoynami blizzard... loved it!  It is made with soy so the ice cream has a little bit of a nutty flavor.  Went a safe route and got the cookies and cream made with Newman's Os.  It was delicious!  They have a whole menu (front and back) of blizzard flavors, and you can customize if you want.  Best of all, my 6 year old said it was better than Dairy Queen.  Yeah!!!
5	I was introduced to Green last December when they catered a Lucky Dog Rescue silent auction. I can still remember my first encounter - the buffalo wings and dipping sauce. I thought I heard someone mention that it was vegan. No, there's no way a chicken wing could be vegan. But then I heard it again- everything is vegan. You might say that I loaded up on those little buffalo wings, but who could blame me! There's a reason they've won awards... they're amazing! Next, I tried the mock chicken skewers that were smothered in green's original espresso barbecue sauce. I have to say that Green has really nailed the mock meat. The texture, flavor and taste are so authentic that sometimes I find myself second guessing the mock in the meat.It's no surprise that off of their regular menu, my favorites are the buffalo chicken sandwich and the barbecue chicken sandwich. I also order a plate of the buffalo wings as an appetizer every time I stop in. Their pasta bowls are also really good, and their mock meatballs are pretty delicious. My only less than stellar experience at Green was when I ordered the Mexi-Cali burger. I'm not sure what the patty was made of, but it was red, and I wasn't really into the flavor. But the thyme shoe string fries rescued the meal and my tummy.The lemon-aide and lime-aide are also delicious, and I would recommend giving them a shot if you're generally a cola-junkie.One last tip would be to get there early on Saturday nights as they get pretty busy and you might be hard pressed to find an open table.
3	Green is really excellent food in many respects. Seriously good food.But I have one bone to pick with the menu (is that a bad phrase to use for a vegetarian restaurant?): it needs more selections that truly celebrate the vegetable. Almost everything available is mock beef, fake chicken and faux pork. That's fine, I guess, especially for recent vegetarian meat-eaters who are missing some of the old textures and flavors. But for long-time veggies - and even for carnivores like me looking for variety - the menu could stand to have a few more dishes celebrating beans and mushrooms and soy and all the other incredible flora that are just fine being themselves and not pretending to be flesh.It's better that way - and, let's face it, that veggie burger is never going to taste as good as the real burger if that's what you are really after.
5	Let me start off by informing you that I have been vegan for 15 years and have a couple of vegan kids. I am over all of the healthy vegan trendy foods. In my humble opinion, it takes a near act of God to make quinoa taste like food that a non-ancient Inca would enjoy. The same goes for acai, or as I like to call it "dirt fruit." Part of the reason that I choose to be vegan is health, but another part is because I enjoy eating good food. The reason that I give Green five stars is because they make tasty, straight forward vegan grub. It's not pretentious, nor does it get too adventurous for its own good. I don't live close by, but every time we come to spring training (What? A vegan baseball fan? I thought they were all hippies. Are you sure it isn't practice for burning man?) I make an effort to eat here. I'm used to having one or two choices from a menu, and it's always a little overwhelming to have so many choices. I asked the cashier what they recommended and she directed me to the item voted "best faux chicken sandwich in the US" by VegNews, the Secret BBQ Chicken. She did not steer me wrong- it was great. My 6 year old wanted the peanut sauce noodle bowl, but it was too spicy for his sensitive, young palate. When I told the woman up front (after avoiding the long, Saturday dinner line) she said that it was no problem, and gave us a No Harm Chicken Parm sandwich for my son, who loved it. I offered to pay and she refused. Right there, she made a customer for life. You should be too.After all this, I didn't get one of the fantastic looking Soy-Nami deserts. What a mean dad.I'm happy to see Green doing so well in a location that requires its diners to seek it out. Your mouth and your conscience will be satiated with every meal.
5	I haven't been to green in a while, since I moved further south, but today I was trying to think of a good lunch to treat myself to and remembered about Green and I'm so glad I did.Note: I am not vegetarian or vegan or anything else.The food here is just fantastic. I actually really love fake chicken and beef and contrary to what most omnivores think - this vegetarian food is neither bland nor tasteless. Actually it's the opposite, the curry and thai dishes are to die for. If you've never been here you're missing out. If you're not a vegetarian, I hope you'll give it a chance anyways, you may find that you like it better than some meat based dishes at other restaurants. Oh, and don't forget to try a Tsoynami while you're there, it's a soy milkshake with real fruit. Mango is my favorite.
4	Eating vegan felt so bad...but not bad meaning bad, but bad meaning good.Seriously it is really nice to have a vegan option that is just straight comfort food.  The place is never too packed and is super casual.  You walk up and the hardest choice is what to try.  Don't worry you can't go wrong.  Every time we have gone the cashiers have been very helpful if you are still deciding between two options.For food, I would recommend the BBQ po boy.  It comes with a little kick.  The fries are always good and come with a great ketchup.  I am not a big fan of the thai slaw, so I would definitely go with the fries.  I have also had the pizzas and they are always safe.  The veggie burger is good, but if mushy burgers freak you out, then go another direction.  I do wish is a was a bit more firm.If you are looking for a ridiculous treat, grab a Soynami on the way out.  My fave is the mint chocolate version.  One small thing that I do hate though is they serve them with wooden spoons and I am a bit weird and HATE eating off a wooden spoon.  Am I weird?  The soynami is so good, I still do it though.Finally I am happy to have this place in town.  I am always amazed that Phx does not have more dedicated veg/vegan places for as big as it is.  If you are a fan of That's a Wrap, then you will be satisfied here - same ownership.  Another tip - Check out the t-shirts for sale.  I love my ninja deer on a bike shirt!
5	... Apologies, I was just daydreaming about the Green Burger.If I could suggest to a meat-eater a place for them to experiment with eating like a veg, no doubt this would be the place.If I could suggest to a veg a place to have a mouth-gasm, no doubt this would be the place.Ok, now that we've gotten that out of the way, let's talk food. They have delicious salads, and was look like good personal-pan style pizzas. I'm a fan of the huge, size-of-your-face pizza slice persuasion, so I've never gone that route at Green.Regardless, I would be willing to slap a $5 down on the table in front of someone at Green, and if they didn't like the food, they could take it and walk.Their tofu/mock-chicken/mock-beef/mock-pork bowls are yum, yum, yum. I stick with the Singapore tofu, and it never fails to make my stomach smile.And their tsoynamis are oh-so good. No, that's not a mistake, people. It's a soy Dairy-Queen-blizzard style cup full of sunshine. EVERY one I've tried has blown me away. Some I like better, but I can't judge. It's sweet. It's soy. It's goooood.Sometimes when it's lunch time, or a busy Friday or Saturday night, this place can get packed. It's usually full of the hipster and indie kinds of people, but, that shouldn't in any way make you not want to eat there, especially if you don't look this way. Eff all of that, go for the food if nothing else.Service is always spot on, and they're always keen to help you decide or answer questions.If you want a good, entertaining view of all the fixie-riders (there's a bike shop next door, no lies!), albeit simply amazing food, I'm going to say go here.P.s. The ladies bathroom has a cool piece of artwork hanging on the wall and an even cooler faucet fixture for the sink.P.p.s. The artwork in this place is beyond bitchin'.
5	I have been vegan for almost 2 months and I am so thankful that I live close to Green! I first discovered Teese Cheese there, which they use in some of their dishes. Teese mozzarella tastes and melts just like the real thing! They sell it by the register to-go. We use the Teese all the time for pizzas and pasta dishes at home. I love their poblano hummus and pita chips for an appetizer. I absolutely adore their mock chicken; it is purse heaven. Their greenza pizza is fabulous, as is their kung pao mock chicken bowl.
4	Green was a breath of fresh air while I was visiting my sister in Phoenix, being a Seattlite and all. I was afraid I'd have a difficult time finding a vegetaraian friendly- let alone- vegetarian restaurant in a town that is chock-full of fast-food chains. The Phoenix-area has come a long way! I had the Coconut Curry rice bowl which was pretty good and a bite of my friends "Chicken" Parm, which was also tasty. But I have to say, the Spicy Buffalo "wings" are what stole my heart! I was a bit disappointed the menu was quite limited. I am allergic to nuts and there were a lot of dishes with nuts and I am also gluten-free, so I felt limited. I didn't eat a lot of comfort foods prior to becoming vegetarian like "chili fries" and "burgers" so I can understand some cynicism of Green gravitating toward these menu options.
5	Really good food, super casual and really friendly. I have tasted most dishes on the menu and although I have a favorite I don't think I tried anything I didn't like.
4	I totally loved the lunch I had there.  As a traditional omnivore, I put them through a hard test for a vegan place to pass: hamburger, fries, and milkshake. It was awesome. They passed with flying colors, and I would totally eat there again.  Maybe tomorrow, in fact....
4	Tasty dinner!  Best bet is to go with the crispy tofu, even if you are normally a meat-eater, and fake "chicken" will distract from how great the rest of the food is!  Loses a star for service.  We'll be back.
4	First things first....I love meat! I will never become a vegan or a vegetarian. But I am not going to turn my nose to a restaurant that serves Vegan/Vegetarian options only. I loved the cool ambiance that Green offers. The staff is super friendly and gave me some great options since I explained my lack of vegan knowledge. I ended up ordering the mock fish and chips. Not my smartest decision. I have to remember never to order anything with the work mock in it. It doesn't mock the real thing, I don't care what they say. I did enjoy the fries and their artichoke dip was amazing. I even took home a very tasty cupcake. I would come back and try something a little more reasonable, like a salad or noodles.
4	This is the kind of place that could turn a carnivore into a vegetarian.  I have always been very resistant to soy products and any form of faux meat.  It just always seemed so gross to me.  Due to a recent change in my lifestyle to be healthier, I have looked into healthier alternatives including what I used to turn my nose up at.  We saw a demonstration at Devoured by Chef Damon where he turned some of the weirdest ingredients (to me) into a beautiful yummy dish.  I had to see what else he had to offer.First of all, the place is nothing like I expected.  I'm not sure why, but I was expecting something along the lines of True Food Kitchen.  Instead, it felt like a mess hall at some weird Liberal Arts school, and I say all that in a good way.  It's an order and pay at the counter then wait for your food at a table ordeal, which normally is fine by me.  Unfortunately the girl who had our food never bothered to call out the name we gave and instead walked around casually asking people who she thought might have ordered our dishes if it was theirs.  Finally she made her way to us after about five minutes.  That was annoying.Forget about that though, because the food is good enough to make up for that little mishap.  (Other staff members seemed to call out names perfectly fine, just not that one.)  I ordered the Drunken Mushroom Chicken and grabbed an Oogave soda out of the cooler for my dinner.  The soda was great, and you can buy them at Sprouts, awesome.  The "Chicken" was expertly crafted with a texture almost identical to chicken and a taste just as close.  The breading around it was yummy, slightly crunchy, and a tiny bit sweet.  My bowl was packed full of delicious fresh veggies and loads of mushrooms.  There was also a generous helping of rice noodles buried in there too.  It was all fantastic, and I would eat it every night if I could.i will most certainly be back to Green to try everything else on their menu.  Everything looks so good!  When it's actually good for you too, you just can't resist!
5	FAVORITE! This place is such a gem. Every time i  travel to the PHX area I make sure to stop here. Anything I've ever had was amazing and filling. The staff is pleasant and the owner is super nice. Hope they come to Tucson soon!
4	As a vegetarian for almost 20 years, it was refreshing to find Green.   It's great to be able to enjoy a BBQ pulled pork sandwich or crab puffs... without having to sacrifice an animal.  More restaurants now are becoming vegetarian friendly, but there is something to be said about not having to choose between a salad and a Portobello burger, I can eat everything on the menu!   My absolute favorites are the thyme fries, Texas "Moo-shroom" Po-boy , and the orccietta pasta.  The food is tasty, but the atmosphere reminds me of a local dive bar.  I have only eaten in the restaurant twice; it's kind of an "artsy" place and not really my style.  I order takeout regularly though, the service is great and the cashier is always super friendly.  My boyfriend is a meat eater, and enjoys their food, he actually suggests it!   I recommend substituting Green for your next trip to Chili's and see what you think. I think you will be pleased, especially as a vegetarian or vegan.
4	Just had lunch at Green with Brady K.  Given the fact that this is a vegetarian restaurant, they don't serve meat. (No shit, right!)  Anyway, I was absolutely amazed at how this place prepares food like chicken wings that aren't really chicken.Brady K. had the green burger and he loved it.  I had the BBQ Po-Boy and it was awesome.  I'm still trying to figure out what was in this sandwich.  It looked like pork.  It tasted like pork.  But it wasn't pork!  This is killing me!  The pasta salad on the side was also really good with just the right amout of curry seasoning.  If all vegetarian food was this good, we'd see a lot more vegetarians and lot less spare tires.
3	3/17/10I know it's been awhile since I was last here, although not quite as long as sixteen months!  I see that the decor has changed yet again-- last time major add I knew of was the painted poetry on the wall next to the restroom.  There are now car door cutouts-as-art lining two walls near the front of the resto, along w/ a couch, or two.  Eclectic, and a nice add to the vibe that Green already exudes.  Tried the crab puffs again (it's been awhile since I last had them).  Wished I didn't.  Don't know if it's the ingredients in the vegan cream cheese (it contains corn/derivatives), or the fact that they're deep-fried (not all fried items make me queasy after), or both, but I'm not going to order these again.  I should've just thrown them away, but the crunchiness of the wonton (have I mentioned that I love crunchy-munchy foods?) and the cost of this app, $4 (or $1 a pop), made me plow on.  Never again.The original "g" spicy po-boy made me forget my disappointment, however, as I crunched through the scrumptious mock chicken and its lovely and indeed spicy buffalo sauce!  Three battered buffalo mock chicken patties nestled between tomato slices, arugula, and Green's amazing vegan mayo on a toasted vegan hoagie roll, along w/ a side of thyme fries... Mmm... a must-try!Seeing others enjoying their tsoynami sundaes made me want to get one myself, so after some deliberation, I decided on one of the daily specials- Death by Chocolate: vanilla soy ice cream w/ vegan brownie chunks, Newman's Own chocolate wafer crumbles, and vegan chocolate syrup.  Undeniably choco-licious, but something was amiss... I believe I was wishing for a colder sensation that regular ice cream offers and that soy ice cream cannot deliver.  It wasn't a warm day, and the tsoynami sundae that was delivered to me already had that sheen that regular ice cream develops when it's allowed to sit around and melt.  Don't get me wrong- it's the combination of cold/ solid and slightly melted and slippery that makes a frozen dessert a success for me, but tsoynamis generally make me wish I'd saved the calories and visit a gelateria, instead.  Which, as a non-vegan, I will.  Next time.  While the app and dessert left me wishing I didn't indulge, the "g" spicy po-boy indubitably made my tastebuds sing.  I'll just have to stick w/ the artichoke gratine and say sayonara to tsoynami in the future.  Don't the photos look divine, though?
5	This place is great for mock meat lovers! If you're a carnivore like me you'll still love this place. They serve burgers, noodle bowls, salads, etc. This place has it all.
3	Like many others, here is my disclaimer.I am not a vegan nor am I a vegetarian but I do enjoy vegetarian foods from time to time.  I had the classic flatbread pizza. I wouldn't get it again. The bread was soggy and the cheese (if you can call it that) left something to be desired.Not sure I will be back but I was eying the menu of wonder "DQ Blizzard-like" treats.
5	This place kicks ass.  I'm a huge fan of non-hippie vegetarian food.  I hate the idea that you have to just eat veggies all the time.  With the advances we made in soy products, it is nice to see someone really going to town with quality ingredients.So I ordered the buffalo chicken po-boy.  SOOO good.  Plus it came with fries.  Can't hate fries.  It's really hard to describe the texture of the sammie but it was exactly what I expected and it was brilliant.  I literally can't wait to go back.  I think I ask my wife every weekend if we can go.  It's so good.
5	Oh gosh.  SO GOOD.  I've never gotten something here that wasn't delicious.  If it were legal for me to marry the Original G buffalo wing po-boy, I probably would. Their Green Burger approximates the taste of a fast food burger, something I haven't had in probably 15 years, in a way I never thought possible.  The tsoynamis are the perfect treat for a hot day.And EVERYTHING is vegan.  EVERYTHING.  It's so lovely to be able to walk into a restaurant and order anything on the menu instead of scanning it for the 2 or 3 things you can actually eat.Come here, and bring your friends.  Tell everyone you know.
5	Oh Green, why did it take me so long to try you?I came here with a very picky vegan friend and we both left very satisfied. We had the hot wings, peanut tofu and the curry bowl with tofu and brown rice. Everthing was Yum! Everything was so tasty I didn't even reach for the siracha, and I do believe that is the best compliment I can give, because I LOVE siracha! I also had the lavender soda which was a great change of pace from other sodas out there. Green my only request is: Please come to CenPho!!!!
5	"Wait, we're in Arizona?"" No seriously, this is Arizona?"I had to keep blinking cause I could've sworn we were still in the East Bay last Friday night as we waited for our faux meat meals to arrive at our table. My hubster and I were visiting his mom for the first time since she had moved to Phoenix and admittedly, neither of us were too stoked on the visit. We totally wanted to see her but as for Phoenix?? Anyways... she knew what she was doing by taking us straight from the airport to Green. I LOVED EVERYTHING. From our appetizers (hummus + fries) to my entree- I had the chicken curry noodle bowl, to my beverage- a suicide mixture of their house green tea and house limeade (YUM) to my soy ice cream treat (I had the mint with paul newman oreos!) which I scarfed down after being totally stuffed. This place is ridiculously good. And reasonably priced. And fresh. And not stuffy or pretentious in anyway. Basically, this would be our new steady if we lived anywhere near... Tempe. Which fortunately we do not, but I have to say, you Arizonians sure are stoked to have a place like Green.And now we have a reason to look forward to returning to AZ!! :D
3	I go for the soynomi and the fries thats about it.  My friend is a vegan and she tell me to try the best stuff on the menu.  So far I had one sandwich with fake chicken with BBQ that was pretty good.  However, everything else just made me want to go get chipotle.  This place just is not for me.  This place is good for vegans and non vegans that want to try it and decide for themselves, but mostly just vegans. I will give it 3 stars for me and 4 for the vegans, according to a lot of the veggie mites its one of the best places to go.Recommendation: Vegans and people who like soy ice cream, but nothing to go out of your way to get.
5	My favorite restaurant. Everything is delicious and there are many choices. Top any meal off with a specialty ice cream and you are set. Non vegetarians i have invited are surprised and satisfied.
4	Cute, casual cafe. Good food, though they forgot to bring me my soy ice cream at the end of my meal. Interesting car parts on the wall.
5	Probably my favorite restaurant in phoenix- it's always the first place that comes to mind when deciding on somewhere to eat... I love their original "g" sandwich- it's the best menu item I've tried so far. Some other favorite dishes of mine are the kung pao, diablo red or thai peanut bowls. Everyone I've ever taken to this place is crazy about the tsoynamis and thyme fries. Anyone - vegetarian or not- will enjoy the food here .
5	Love. This. Place.Maybe it's because vegetarians are high and dry in the desert to find someplace to eat.But I really think the food is good. I've had the green burger, thyme fries, curry pasta salad, several of the bowls, 4 different kinds of tsoynamis, a peanut butter chocolate bar, a strawberry milkshake, and a mooshroom po' boy. All good.The po' boy was a little hard to eat - very messy, but tasty nonetheless (it's supposed to be messy, right?). The burger is a reddish color (they must use beet juice) and tastes like grains and savoriness and is texturally soft and pleasing, on a nice big bun with all the right fixins. Thyme fries could use a little more thyme, but the fries themselves were quite good. Tsoynamis and milkshakes are AMAZING. Bowls with noodles and fried tofu are great. Thai peanut = win.It has a nice, diverse menu - can't wait to try out some of the appetizers :)One thing I didn't like was that there was a lot of "fake meat" on the menu - fake chicken, fake beef, etc. I'm not into the fake meat so much, give me something homemade or tofu any day. Fortunately, there was plenty of that too, and some people like fake meat, so who am I to judge?Star for really friendly staff, star for delicious ice cream, star for fabulous mostly-from-scratch vegan food, star for having so many things to choose from, and star for carrying Maine root beer!!! AAAH MY FAVORITE!
3	Not the healthiest food, even if it's vegetarian.  Also portions are small, so you still are hungry after eating a bowl.Finally, the hours suck.  Went there on a Saturday night at 9pm, closed. Are you kidding me? I prefer Chipotle or other places for my veggie fix.
4	I know what I like and it does not often take me long to make up my mind on a menu, however I spent over 8 min decided and could have spent more.The reason, so many tempting items, I usually just t need to decide between the fish or veggie dish, but here every dish is a veggie dish.We started our meal with fake crab puffs and samosas.  The crab puffs were great, crispy garlicky and for having no cheese egg or crab lacked nothing. The plate of puffs came with a thimble of sweet dipping sauce, and there were 5 puffs for $3. The plate of 3 samaos for $4 were not as impressive, there was too much cumin giving it a cinnamon taste, the warper was crisp and not greasy.For my meal I went with the Thai peanut mock beef with brown rice. $7.50 I was happy to have brown rice as a standard option. The bowl while small had fresh crisp veggies, the sauce was a bit weak but the mock beef was interesting in flavor and texture.It is order at the counter and they bring it to you style, they have a stage   so it may not be a great for a intimate chat. there is some couch and patio seating.For drinks there is fountain and new age soda options.If you are a veggie or follow similar dietary restrictions (halal kosher vegan budist monk etc..) give this place a try
4	Love this place! Since becoming vegetarian I've missed chicken wings; Green has a tasty, vegan alternative! For an appetizer, Chili Fries are tasty too!I've had the No Harm Chicken Parm and the "Meatball Po-Boy; both were pretty good, but the Thai Peanut Bowl is my favorite.
4	Carnivores and junk-foodies, don't be put off when your crunchy granola friends want to drag you to Green. This fare may be vegan, but it doesn't look it, taste it, or is healthy for you at all. Don't get me wrong: it is completely, totally, and utterly delicious. Their fries were far superior to many traditional burger joints'. But... they're still FRENCH FRIES, people. The jerk tofu salad was impressively spicy, but laden in too-many FRIED won ton strips and chunks of FRIED tofu. Do you see the theme? No wonder my SO nodded enthusiastically throughout the whole meal and offered to come back any time. I had the G po-boy, buffalo "chicken" on a big spongy roll, dripping and oozing in spicy sauce and vegan mayo. The fake meat they use is really, really, really authentic. Like, so authentic, I'm not going to get it next time because I really don't like meat in the first place, hence my vegetarianism. Stringy fibers in my fake chicken grosses me out as much as the stringy fibers in real chicken. The sandwich was tasty -- the bread surprisingly excellent -- but greasy. So yeah. Two hesitant thumbs up. I'll definitely go again, although I'll have to dig a little deeper on the menu to find something not quite so artery hardening.
4	I've eaten a huge percentage of the food on Green's menu and I love it all. If nothing else, come here to try the Soynami's (vegan Blizzards). I'm not a fan of rice or soy ice cream but this stuff is amazingly good.The bowl meals are packed with great fresh vegetables. I mostly eat whole foods and don't consider the fake meats to be especially healthful, but I love to eat the fake meat here once in a while for the texture. It's so good. It's not exactly like the real thing, but it doesn't need to be. It's delicious as it is. There is always a huge variety of people eating here all the time. It's always packed, always hard to get a table. Good for Green Restaurant!Atmosphere: The restaurant is made with green materials. Every time we go they are showing the work of a different artist. It's college-indie and casual.The employees don't act super enthusiastic, but they're decent and polite and do a good job. I love the humor of whoever it is that writes up the food specials on the chalkboard. BTW, you can get vegan whipped cream here and it's SO GOOD!   :)
3	After all of the glowing reviews I read about this place I figured it would be the end all to good veggie/vegan food here in the valley!  Either my expectations were too high or Green just doesn't suit me...  The location is a lttle hidden but after driving up and down Scottsdale Road only twice we located it at the end of the strip mall.  Walking in the word that came to mind was "kitschy."  Cute, creative and not over the top.  Smelled good!  Staff was OK... We were both hesitant with the menu since neither of us had previously been there before and the girl behind the counter seemed to be a little impatient... certainly not rude but just not overly helpful.I had the buffalo "chicken" po boy and the tyme fries.  It was OK... nothing fabulous.  Very messy... (who puts halfed cherry tomatoes on a sandwich???? they're just gonna pop out when you eat it!)  Apparently the cook had no time to add the tyme on the fries or salt for that matter... they were crispy and hot though so that's a plus.  My friend had the mexicali burger and coleslaw.  The burger had good flavor but way mushy and it was just the patty, sauce and bread... could definitely been improved by some lettuce to add a little crunch.  The slaw was bland... but once she added a little siracha to it was much better!   We did share a oatmeal cookie sandwhich which was very yummy.I am curious about some of the other menu items so I will try it again.... just won't rush out to do it...
4	I'm not vegetarian or vegan myself, but I can definitely appreciate what a restaurant like Green can dish up to entice even the staunchest meat lover. In reality, everything on the menu looked amazing - fresh ingredients, inventive dishes, and always healthy. I decided to order the "Moo-shroom BBQ Po-Boy" sandwich, which consisted of sliced portobello slathered in sweet and tasty barbeque sauce. It came with a side of house cole slaw made with a hint of peanut butter to enhance the flavor. Both were VERY good.Green doesn't look like much from the outside, but inside is an entirely different story. All of the walls are covered with really cool recycled art i.e. old, painted VW hubcaps, menus cut up and made to look like birds flying through plastic grocery bag clouds, etc. You really just have to see it. The bottom line is, you get a strong vibe of responsibility for what you put into your body as well as the greater environment. I'm looking forward to visiting Green again the next time I'm in the Tempe area.
4	So maybe Im the wrong person to review a vegan resteraunt, but hey I like to try it every now and again and expand my horizons.....besides I was next door getting my bike worked on and it was close....We ordered three entrees (which was waaaay too much but hey it all sounded and smelled great so why not?)All of our meals were okay...but seemed to be one of three things;So sweet and sticky that it gave me a sugar high like a spent the past three hours watching cartoons and eating a box of fruity pebbles (Mock Chicken BBQ)Ridiculously Spicy.....(I usually love spicy food and have a high pain threshold for spices but this was ridiculous)....It was like eating a river of peanut flavored magma in noodle shapes in theory delicious but not with whatever spice they decided to 'pep it up with'.....(Peanut Chicken Noodle Bowl)Salty....Like if my tongue was swimming in the dead sea......with more salt (Waitress Pick I think it was some form of mock Hamgurger?)Im giving you a 4 as I recognize Vegans have limited choices, it was our first time, and Im not really used to tthe vegan menu but for me I will try another day maybe some different choices.....Pricing was good, atmosphere was tacky but somehow charming......we will try it again.
3	I stopped in with a friend after reading about how awesome this place was. Upon entering, I noticed another good friend of mine sitting at a table, waiting for the lunch he had ordered. He had been waiting for 15 minutes for his sandwich, and it took another 10 for it to arrive. Not a good sign! 25 minutes for a sandwich! They were busy..but he didn't order anything crazy. It was hot inside. The first thing I notice when I walk into a building, is how comfortable the temperature is. Green made me sweat.I ordered an iced latte which was amazing. To eat, I ordered the coconut curry with chikn. The buddy I brought along, ordered the same thing, but with crispy tofu. It took about 20 minutes for our food to be brought to our table..The potatoes in this dish were perfectly cooked, and tasty. Everything else in my bowl was mediocre...and actually kind of bland. The friend we ran into said Green's menu items are hit or miss. I will give it another try someday.
2	The place has a nice little vibe going on and they have some unique items but the reason the rating is so low is that there really aren't a lot of options that don't involve faux meat.  Aren't these people vegan?  Don't they hate the idea of poor little animals being our food (even though that is the only reason they are alive)?  Then why so much FAKE MEAT?!  I will never understand the meat envy vegans and vegetarians have.  I go to a place like this to get a dish that uses vegetables in more creative ways, not to get some overly processed soy products that aren't nearly as healthy as fresh lean meats like chicken and fish.  FYI, I love meat but every once in a while I like to grab a vegetarian dish.  Another negative is nearly everything is fried.  Guess they bust the myth that people are vegan because it is healthier.  Frying things is the cheap way out of actually creating a healthy AND tasty meal.  I'll give them a 2.5 star because what we chose was quite tasty.  But with nearly every option involving faux meat and tofu it really is a disappointment.  If you want legitimate vegan fare try out some indian places or Ethiopian places.  They are very creative and using spices to flavor a vegetable dish. The fake cheeses and meats are for Vegans with meat envy, not for Omnivores that just want a good meal.  Keep your expectations in check and you should be okay.
3	nirvana for quirky diets. homemade tsoynami dessert, buffalo chicken wings. put on your flower shirt and that dreads wig your brother brought you from bahamas and just go.--staff knows every ingredient of every dish. haven for allergy prone or those just making quirky choices (sorry, vee-jees. i just don't get it)--get one of those cookies under glass at the counter. thank me later.--order the tsunami dessert special. i could almost hear my mom's ice cream maker grinding in the background.--what every indie coffee bar SHOULD be: serving healthy food made from freshly prepared ingredients.--keeps your palate on its toes at all the flavor substitutions. bloody brilliant!eating these buffalo "chicken" pieces reminds me of the absolute CRAP that other places are calling meat right now, and I realize i'm WAY safer right now.thanks for the compliment on my "chops". anywhere else i would have just got a frown a squint, and an unspoken "geez. get a haircut, you slob!" don't worry, I went immediately to the salon and they're back where they should be.[prejudiced, judgmental observation and affirmation]to whit: i do respect your-all's choice to not eat meat. I really do! i also respect you for being just damn GENIUS intelligent. but you don't have to make this choice to earn my respect. proof in the recent majority of "FATTY, "ANTIBIOTIC-PUMPED-TO-KEEP-ME-ALIVE, STOOD-IN-MY-OWN-POOP-'TILL-THEY-SLAUGHTERED-ME" _FEED LOT_ "MEAT". WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THIS COUNTRY'S MEAT???!!!" i will still love ya just the same if you will join me at Morton's.[/prejudiced, judgmental observation and affirmation]
3	The food is good. The reason for 3 stars is because I'm OK with a vegan meal... but this fake meat stuff is a bit strange and vegan meals are NOT always healthy. The dip that we shared turned out to be very fatty. I agree with the other reviews that state that if you're going to be a vegan stop having so much meat envy. Why this fake meat? Just eat tofu and alot of vegetables. Overall the food was good and the atmosphere is quirky but I was really disappointed that the vegan meal we had wasn't as healthy as I thought it woul be.
4	First vegan place I've found in the area, and this was suggested to by a friend who's been a vegan for quite some time, so to her, fake meat can't be compared to real meat. I however, still eat a steak every now and then, and the fake meat here is pretty good. It's more americanized vegan food, which I've usually only eaten asian vegan. I had the chicken salad with miso dressing which was really tasty and a small bowl was plenty for me. She had the mexicali burger which came with fruit and we shared chili fries. Although I find it to be slightly overpriced, it was still tasty and I will probably come back. My boyfriend likes vegan places too even though he still eats meat, so I'll see if it gets his approval as well
5	Yum. Yum. Yum.This place rocks the party.  I've been living in LA for about 6 years so you know that when I come home to visit my family I feel like I am short on vegetarian options.  This place delivers with the bombass veg food.  Everything I've tried is great.  I have brought some meat eaters here and even they were impressed by the wonders of this place.I would recommend the artichoke dip to start and maybe the Texas po-boy.  The picnic salad is great too.  The large size is plenty for 2 to share.  I haven't had the pleasure of a Soynami, but one day, if I'm lucky, I will have the pleasure.This place is great, but limited seating.  We went during a busy lunchtime and waited for a long time after ordering at the counter.
5	I visited this place in January while I was in Phoenix and I miss the food! My vegan friend suggested this place to me and my other friend (we were skeptical that vegan food could taste good)...she proved us wrong!The food here was delicious, I'd eat here regularly if I lived in Phoenix! When we arrived, we were worried about the hours since we got there pretty close to closing time, but they were cool! We shared the samosas and buffalo wings for appetizers. I ordered the Thai Peanut bowl with mock chicken and noodles for my entree. I felt like everything was flavored well and while I enjoy meat normally, this opened my mind to trying other vegetarian places in the future. I liked the ambiance here, great place to grab a bite with friends and chill. It was the perfect place to stop by after a busy weekend! I'll be back next time I'm in the area.
5	Green is my favorite restaurant ever.  Price, quality, service, taste.  I recommend it to anyone (omnivores, vegetarians, or vegans alike) to stop by if they're anywhere near the area.I usually have the no harm chicken parm, which is delicious.  I think I've tried about half of the sandwiches on the menu and while they are all tasty, none compare to the no harm.  From the appetizers, I've had the crab cakes, which are interesting, but I wouldn't feel compelled to order them regularly.  I've also had the artichoke dip, which i think is fantastic.  I've had a number of the soynamis as well and they are a wonderful treat.  Pick from the already creative menu or create your own.My girlfriend went to Phoenix last month and brought back a no harm chicken parm on the plane for me.  It was the best surprise!
4	I've eaten here three times now, and really enjoyed each meal. My husband and I each twice had the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich (vegan mock chicken with caramelized onions and peppers in espresso BBQ sauce with vegan mayo, $8). I most recently enjoyed the "Argentine" po-boy (strips of seitan mock steak sauteed with caramelized peppers and onions, vegan mayo and a spicy chimichuri sauce, $8). I usually get fresh fruit as a side to my sandwiches; my husband gets fries. Their fair-trade green tea is also very good. Whole grain rolls would be the only improvement I would suggest for the sandwiches.The decor is early college student, but we'll continue to return for the delicious vegan food.
4	I love Green because it's just a short bike ride away from my apartment. During the afternoon it seems like it's always busy, sometimes too busy and I take the food to go. Now I'm not a vegetarian but I do love vegetarian food. The bowls are so tasty, I usually get the peanut thai or the mongolian. I've tried all the mock meats and my favorite is the mock beef. My favorite part of Green is the tsoynami's!! I always get the Soy Captain which has fresh strawberries and Captain Crunch Cereal. The staff is always friendly and the atmosphere always has a positive buzz.
4	Hands down the best mock-chicken that I've ever had.  While it's near impossible to get the texture of chicken in a vegetarian option (and this was no exception) the flavor was spot-on.  Just delicious.The entree I had was the Sweet and Sour "Chicken" with the pan fried noodles.  Service was quick (a necessity for lunch) and courteous, and the prices were very good.  I also enjoyed the iced green tea and the organic lemonade.My colleague had a salad and he felt it had way too much dressing on it, so a word to the wise that you may want to order your dressing on the side.
5	Mention any sort of Kung Pao, and this vegetarian begins to shake and quiver. I tried the Green version with the crispy tofu, and found it delectable. Spicy yet not overpowering and the tofu lived up to its description. The wife got a jerk salad that was also very tasty. The servings are quite good for the price and the atmosphere is excellent. Good for people watching. Green reminds me more of a restaurant from Seattle or Portland, which is a nice touch in this never-ending drive of TGI McFunsters.
4	Great restaurant!  The Tsoynamis are delicious and the mock-chicken is the best I've ever had.   I'd recommend a rice or noodle bowl of some sort - I love the sweet n sour one.  I've had the burgers and pizzas before and I don't think they are as tasty - fake cheese just doesn't cut it sometimes.  But the noodle or rice bowls are worth coming back for over and over again.Local art on the walls and counter-style service really make it a great place to meet for lunch or dinner.
5	This place is yumm-o!  Totally vegan with very tasty meat alternatives.  I see that a few people said that it's "greasy" and "fattening."  Well, it depends on what you order, first of all.  Also, vegans never said that they don't have fattening foods sometimes.  This restaurant would be considered a TREAT (kinda like when non-vegans go to Red Robin or a steakhouse as a treat).  The food is priced right, tastes great, and it's a cool way to get your friends to try vegan stuff the non-scary way :).   Try the crab puffs, no harm chicken parm, mushroom with mock chx and veggie bowl, and the oatmeal cream pies...those are all my favs!
5	I love everything about this place except the long drive from my house. If they opened a CenPho location I would be in heaven. However, it is always well worth the drive. So where do I start? I normally stick to one or two things on the menu at most restaurants, but this place has so many good ones I bounce around. First, salads - I'm currently obsessed with the Spicy Peanut "chicken" salad, but also love the Green salad..simple light and tasty.  Sandwiches - Spicy Po Boy....love it.  Bowls - Kung Pao is my favorite. I also like the spicy peanut bowl.  They are actually both very similar though so either is great. Pizza - the Western..delish! And probably the best part of Green....the Soynami. I've had several and all are amazing and better than any other soft serve option I was throwing down my gullet before I began Vegan. Sometimes they even have a wedding cake soynami.  If you ever see this on the menu get it! Oh and how could I forget the apps....hummus and "wings" are my favorite. This place is very reasonably priced too.  We can get an app, two meals, and a soynami for about $25 bucks.The staff is always super nice and friendly. Service is always fast too. The atmosphere is pretty funky and cool although you might not see this from the outside. Just go inside - you'll be fine.We've also been there for 4th of July and Thanksgiving and both were awesome. Everyone thinks vegans eat badly at Thanksgiving with no dead bird and all, but I couldn't imagine anyone not loving Green's Thanksgiving meals. Go there and enjoy!
4	This place is SOLID!  I love the barbecue sandwich...I brought my husband and he didn't even know it was mock chicken.  The french fries are perfectly seasoned and slightly crispy.  The tsoynami's are the real attraction for me.  Aside from the flavor combinations they suggest on the separate tsoynami menu, you can create your own concoction.  Good stuff!  Another one of my favorites in their cole slaw with tahini.  It has good flavor and a slightly crunchy texture.  It is very fresh.Aside from the good food, the service staff is wonderful.  They are welcoming and helpful.  Most refreshingly, they are totally unpretentious.  For awhile I was eating at Green 2 times a week because it is so good.  But then the budget fairy intervened and reminded me I can't afford to do that ad infinitum, so I treat myself as often as I can to this hip, delicious culinary experience.
4	I love going to green.  Today I went alone to get my fix and ate on the patio.  I had my favorite item on the menu...the Green Buger.  Always tasty and delicious.  The thyme fries are also wonderful.  My only complaint is they switched the teas and did not have the tamarindo tea today.  I tried the new one and it was too sweet like fruit punch.  Any person should try green vegan, vegeterian or not.
5	This just in, Central Phoenix is getting a Green Restaurant where the old That's a Wrap location is.  Finally a great vegetarian restaurant in Phoenix.I had the delicious Green Burger at the Scottsdale location.  I don't know what they put in that burger but it satisfied my carnivore side.  There were many options for my side dish.  I had fresh fruit.  I have gone vegetarian two times.  Each time lasted about a year.  I just like the feeling of eating good food and not ending up a bloated beached whale.  Even after I shared a Chocolate Monsoon Soynami for dessert I could still walk out the door feeling good about what I put into my body.  The Soynamies rock by the way.  If a DQ Blizzard and a Soynami got in a taste test fight the Soynami would kick ass and take no prisoners.Check out Green, even if you eat meat.  The food is excellent and good for you.  Go eat.
4	It's so hard to find good healthy restaurants.  I'll be coming back a lot!
4	BEST VEGAN COMFORT FOOD -try the sweet potato puffsGreen is a haven for vegheads who are looking for some comfort food.  With stellar sandwiches like the G-spicy po'boy and the Secret BBQ chi'kn sandwich, Green disproves the notion that vegan food is rabbit-food.  Don't be shy here, the staff is generally very friendly and happy to suggest their favorites.  I've found that the staff is happy to oblige simple requests like more sauce and more heat.  Yes, I've personally had every sandwich, salad, and appetizer on the menu - my favorite is the Ranchero Salad (easy on the flour tortilla strips).  ...and I'm working my way through the bowls.  Don't miss trying the Thyme Fries or a Tsoynami.  They're great to share, especially since you also split the guilt of these treats.
5	Best vegan restaurant in Phoenix/Tempe. It's a jewel! They need to open more locations!The only drawback is the name... try Googling "Green" when you're trying to find this place. I even had a hard time finding it on Yelp to write a review! I'm just saying...Not the healthiest spot, despite the animal-free fare... But a good place to bring a non-vegan if they're trepidatious  about trying veggie food.Try the vegan version of the DQ Blizzard called the "Soynami", the Buffalo Wings are INSANEly delicious, and don't be afraid to sample a special. They always have something creative and pallate-pleasing on the chalkboard.
5	OMG! A dream come true! happy, happy, happy!
5	Fuckin delicious. I've tried several of their menu items and each time I end up making that "holy Toledo this is awesome face" that foodies are all guilty of. You know, the one where you close your eyes and moan a little? It's embarrassing but toooootally worth it. The Tsoynamis are rad and way better than ice cream. And the staff is super sweet! My only complaint is that it's rather stealthily hidden, or maybe my sense of direction is just lacking. That's all I got. Vegans, vegetarians, meat-eaters...everyone should eat here.
4	Came to Green on a friend's recommendation and am glad I did!  I was a little skeptical of the vegan aspect of the restaurant and the "mock" meats, but all that went out the door when I tasted the buffalo wings.  Full of flavor with great texture... if you just handed the platter to someone, it would pass off as chicken.  I had the jerk tofu salad and like the apps, the salad was bursting with flavor and had a touch of heat.  I highly recommend it!  I ended the meal with the pumpkin tsoynami and it was a pumpkin pie in a milkshake... great spices and half the sugar.  A perfect way to end a fabulous meal.
5	Very delicious! You won't miss the meat.  The Singapore tofu rocked. Everything smelled great and the service was wonderful. I will be back with the vegetarian children!
5	Seriously amazing! Not only is the food great, but the staff is really friendly as well. I tell myself that I'll try something new every time I go, but I typically always end up ordering the original g po-boy because it's that good. I managed to get all of my friends hooked on it as well. If it's your first time at Green, you have to try a tsoynami for dessert. I just recently had the pumpkin pie tsoynami (seasonal I'm assuming), and it's hands-down my favorite so far. If I lived closer, I'd be here way more often. They should definitely consider opening another location.
4	Best Vegan restaurant in AZ!Bottom line if you want great vegan food this is the place to go! The restaurant also features local artists from the community, which I love. I have even brought some of my meat eating friends here (they either love it or hate it).  I am not sure that I would describe the food as "healthy", but if you are in the mood for a fat-kid veggie comfort-food fix this is your place.  I am sad they are not open on Sundays! Huge fan of -Drunken mushroom chicken-The green salad (that is what it is called), -Buffalo chicken wings. -PoboyWould skip-Crab puff (I am in the minority here...my friends are obsessed with them)-The taco special (bleh)
5	First a disclosure from me.My favorite food is anything with Pork Belly and I am addicted to mostly pork.That being said, Green is one of the place that I go to whenever I can't think of anything that I want to eat in particular.Green should be synonymous with Tasty since all their foods are very good.  I don't care if they are Vegetarian or Vegan, tasty is still tasty, meat or no meat.Good quality vegetarian foods are not cheap and Green is pretty reasonable with their offering.  They have one of the best mock-meats that I've ever eaten and fresh veggies abound.  I can eat their Vegan Chili Fries by the bucket and still feel good after (tips : add some Sriracha to the ketchup to add more punch to the fries).   So put off your doubts and reservation and give Green a try.Maybe you will find out like me that sometimes eating Green is a good alternatives to Pork Bellies (note to self : need to roast some pork bellies !)
5	This place is FULL of hipsters and I don't even care. I will take vegan food this good from dudes wearing scarves and man-purses.The first time I took my mom here she loudly discussed hunting deer and her desire to eat a plate of raw meat with bones and hair. My mom is kind of a dick. My point is, after she ate here once she's been pestering me to take her back for the last year. So if it's good enough for my mom, it should be good enough for you. Unless you think you're better than my mom. Well, there's a good chance you are. But my point stands.
5	This is the best vegetarian/vegan restaurant in the Phoenix valley area. Moderately priced, but not super expensive.   It also serves a style of food many non vegetarians will enjoy.
4	today my wife and i went to green. and as usual it was fantastic! pizza and and an oatmeal creme cookie. it does not get much better. we are always fans and when we get up here we come on in. never have we had a bad meal (too many to list). since they made the top ten on veg news best vegan restaurants we go when we can. if you are in the hood stop on in and check it out. the staff is very friendly and are always willing to make a recomendation. the daily special is always very tasty. we have had the soynami (peanut butter and chocolate) and it was good, but it is not the best vegan ice cream i have had. high quality for sure but a bit pricey for the taste. dont miss the cookie though, it is worth every penny!
5	It's what health-intelligent people are looking for. You are now home.
3	While I'm not vegan, I can't help but love a guilty pleasure at Green every once in awhile. Everything tastes like real meat food I would typically enjoy, which makes a meatatarian like me happy, though I'm not sure if vegans like that or not, but am assuming they do.The dry sodas they sell and their homemade lemon and limeades are amazing. One of my favorite reasons to come there.While I always leave extremely full and satisfied, I can't bring myself to make this a routine part of my lunch rotation; everything seems to be overly processed in order to look and taste like what it's not.
4	My first time at Green, I was unimpressed.My second time at Green? I fell in love. The employees are all friendly (and even helped me out immensely when I lost my phone in their trash can - it was the worst :( ) and when I asked them what I should get (I love actually being able to do that!), the Original G was recommended to me. And man, did I enjoy it. I love spicy food, and the Original G is mock chicken with spicy buffalo sauce, lettuce, tomato, and vegan mayo. IT IS SO GOOD (and clears your sinuses out!). The thyme fries are absolutely awesome, as well. I could eat them all day.The crab puffs are also so yummy, and completely different from what I expected! The puff itself is crunchy and flaky and delicious, and the mock crab is warm and creamy and so good. But above all, the shining part of the dish? The sauce they serve it with. SO GOOD. Overall, I am so glad I gave Green a second chance. My advice? Go for the mock meat sandwiches. The bowls are ok, but the sandwiches are where Green truly shines.
5	On a recent 5 day trip to AZ, I went to Green 3 times. My boyfriend is from Mesa, and he loves this place and wanted to eat there as much as possible while we were in town for the holidays. I loved it! I can understand why he wanted to go here so much!The first time we went I ordered the No Harm Chicken Parm sandwich and eggless rolls. Both were very good. The chicken on the sandwich was very good as well as the sauce and the bun. I ordered fries as the side and they were the best fries of my life. Skinny little crispy but not too crunchy delicious fries. I pretty much hate all other fries now because of Green. The eggless rolls were good too and I really liked the sweet sauce they came with. My boyfriend ordered the original g spicy po-boy. It was good, but I think the sandwich I ordered was better.The second time we went we split the no harm chicken parm and eggless rolls. It was that good.The third time (second time in 1 day) we went we split the meatball po-boy and fries. It was really good! We also ordered a tsoynami that had chico sticks and chocolate chips in it. It was seriously like eating a Blizzard it was amazing!  I plan on trying to recreate it at home, but it probably won't be as good as Green's. Green is a great place to go for vegans and non vegans. The prices are fair and the service is quick even though it seems busy all the time. They have a million drink choices and a varied menu. I also liked how you ordered at the counter, and bussed your own tables which I don't mind doing at all especially when there is a line of people waiting for seating. I will definitely go back several times next time I am in town.
5	Green is my favorite restaurant to visit when I go home.  Yummy, fun food.  If you go to Scottsdale, Phoenix or Tempe for any reason...add this spot onto your to do list! I like their vegan "crab and cream cheese" puffs, the samosas, the faux chicken sandwich, the meatball sammie, the portobella poorboy, their FRENCH FRIES!!!  But the fave for me is the Cap'n Crunch SoyNami!!  You have to try it to understand.  AND YES, your animal eating friends will love it too!!
5	OK first off, I am a meat eater.  I am happily engaged to a vegan, so I eat quite a bit of vegan food.Green is by far the best vegan food I have ever had.  Let's face it, it was some of the best food I have had including non-vegan food.  Their sandwiches are phenomenal, I recommend "the original "g" spicy po-boy".If I would have gotten this sandwich anywhere else, I wouldn't be able to tell if it was vegan. It's that good.Oh, and get the fries.  The Fries are amazing.  Always perfectly cooked and crispy!If you are thinking about getting Soy-nami, do it.  You won't regret it.  I got the Snuckers, and It tasted just like a snickers blizzard, probably better. The cookies are also really really good.  I think we always end up getting at least one oatmeal cookie every time we go.The staff is always friendly and helpful.  Even if you eat meat.  All vegans, vegetarians, and meat eaters should eat here.
4	Green totally fulfills the need for the college town to have a collegey, hippey, hip, dim-lit vegan restaurant. I like the ambience though I couldn't find it the first time I was there. The options are pretty expansive and the pricing very very reasonable. I have always been a vegetarian, so while meat eaters love the authenticity of the mock meat texture, I wouldn't say I was entirely comfortable with all the mocks. On one of my million visits, the flavors of one of the dishes (a rice dish that I can't recall now)  didn't work for me, but that is probably just me. And it was just once.
4	Vegan food is so interesting.  I got a burger which had a patty that was orange on top and red on bottom so it felt like I was eating undercooked meat, which wasn't the case! Tastes like a real burger, sans meat.  The fries are so crunchy and delicious! Atmosphere is kinda hole-in-the-wall like and the people there are a variety of interesting people. Definitely would try this place again for their wide variety of dishes.
4	This place was GREAT! I had lunch at Green yesterday and I have nothing but good things to say. The food was excellent! Much better than I expected. The staff was very nice. The atmosphere was fun and lively. The only things that I was not thrilled about is the seating. Basically you have to run to an empty table, bus it yourself, and if the table isn't empty you have to intrude on people that are getting ready to leave. I don't mind asking people if they are done with their meal but I felt a little awkward doing it, like I was rushing them..... The other negative is the way that the staff screams your name when your food is up. I think if they implemented a number system the whole place would function more efficiently. Overall, the experience was pleasant, the food was great, and the prices were reasonable. I will definitely be going back.
5	So my doctor has put me on a mandatory 1 month vegan diet. Lucky for me Green is a vegan restaurant! I have always wanted to try Green, but had never really had an excuse to go. So Friday night the hubs and I make the trek across town. We arrived about 630 and it was JAM PACKED. Not a seat to be had. At Green you stand in line and place your order at the register and pay for it then. You find a seat and a waiter will come out and yell your name and then deliver your food. We placed our order and took a table outside as that was all there was. Kinda sucked, but oh well. It did start to rain, but there was a little over hang keeping us dry.We ordered starters. Crab Puffs and Spicy Buffalo "wings" Both were pretty good. The crab puffs were spot on, you really couldn't tell a difference between them and the real thing. The "wings" were good as well, but for sure a big difference between the real thing and the mock. But still tasty. The hubs ordered the Original "g" Spicy Po-Boy, a Spicy buffalo mock chicken sammie and I got the Mum's Meatball Po-Boy. Both were really very good. The Thyme fries are really crisp and tasty, but like other reviews, you cant really taste the thyme, not sure whats up with that. After we were done, we decided to get a couple Tsoynamis to go. I am a ice cream FREAK, so that WAS going to be my biggest challenge getting through the 1 month Vegan diet...but not anymore. OMG...The tsoynami's are AMAZING!!! I had the Deez Hazelnuts, freaken fantastic! The hubs got the Betterfinger (Greens version of a butterfinger) SO GOOD!!!! We will be going back to green even after I am done with my 1 month stint as a vegan.
5	Green is probably the best vegetarian restaurant I've ever been to. And I've been to quite a few. Living in San Fransisco for two years gave me the experience of restaurant hopping. When my friend asked me to go I was quite hesitant. I didn't believe that good vegetarian could be done outside of a food hub city. Boy was I wrong.We had the vegan chili fries, the green burger and the ice cream. Every single item was amazing. I was basically licking the chili out of the bowl. And the soy ice cream was better then any Haagen Dazs I've ever had. I wouldn't consider myself a vegan/vegetarian or even a person who is generally interested in that kind of food. But Green was completely worth going to, and I highly recommend it to anyone--vegetarian or otherwise!
5	Amazing food. That simple. This from a non-vegan, non-vegetarian.  I was looking around at local restaurants and stumbled upon reviews for this place. I was shocked to find it was located so close to me, and figured I had to try it, that day. So I did; straight after work I stopped by.  From talking with a coworker, the decor inside apparently changes; when I went in I found it really pleasant. A little bit dimmer than I would have liked, but with strings of white Christmas lights strung up alongside the ceiling lights.   I did not eat in, but looking around, I think I'd feel comfortable doing so, everything looked clean and comfortable, very laidback, slight alternative vibe, but not to where I'd feel uncomfortable if I felt that wasn't me (it's not).  I ordered the thai peanut bowl with mock chicken, and the eggless rolls. The wait was on the order of 5, 10 minutes, nothing bad at all. As I waited, I noticed the bottled drinks...they have Cricket cola. Yes. Next time, I'm taking one home with me. I've been jonesing for Cricket cola for a while now.  Taking the food home I tucked in almost immediately. The thai peanut bowl was very good; filling and tasty. The mock chicken was clearly not chicken, but I didn't mind, it still was good. If you want something a little different, or are avoiding meat, yeah, this is as good as you're gonna get.  The eggless rolls though...to. die. for. They had a note of sweetness to them that moved them from being 'vegan knockoffs' to something wholly unique and delicious. I could see myself purposefully choosing these on their own merits, rather than as a vegan alternative to a real eggroll. I did not expect that from vegan food.  If you're vegan, vegetarian, or just want to try something different, this is definitely an excellent choice.
5	After reading an article in the Arizona  Republic paper about the best Vegetarian restaurants to dine at, I discovered Green. I went with a coworker during our lunch break and since they open at 11am we got there shortly after they opened. I had "Thee Argentine" with thyme fries and she had the "The Green Burger"; my sandwich was unbelievably good, strips of seitan mock steak sauteed with caramelized peppers and onions, vegan mayo and a spicy chimichuri sauce, all on a scrumptious sub roll.  My friend loved her burger she said you could not tell it was meatless. We both got Tsoynami's  her choice was "The Fruits" where you pick the ones you want, and I got "Deez Hazelnuts" mine was heavenly. My total for the sandwich , fries and dessert was $13.50 not bad for a tasty,filling healthy meal. I went back and had the Original "g" Spicy Po-Boy made with spicy buffalo mock chicken, lettuce, tomato and  vegan mayo. This place rocks and it is always packed that is a good thing cause I need them to stay in business.
5	I already knew I loved @greendamon/Green because they offer a safe haven for vegans (and non-vegans) that realize being vegan or vegetarian does not mean you have to eat healthy, and that every meal doesn't have to be made of vegetables.So, there are some majorly delish dishes... the artichoke gratine, the samosas, orecciette pasta with meatballs, the secret bbq chicken sandwich... and they always have some creative special.Last night we stopped in after the Paso Robles wine tasting at FLEMINGS STEAK HOUSE... hey... we needed to counter all the flesh we saw being devoured.... and right before my eyes was the most magical and delicious creation known to man. Seriously. Like hands down best thing I have ever ever ever eaten. EVER!!So, Green - if you don't put the Santa Fe Chicken Sandwich on your full time menu, I think you are denying the good people of Arizona what they deserve: perfection.An amazingly fresh and tasty roll topped with crispy bacon, chicken, mayo, fresh sliced avacado, CRISPY cheese, and jalapenos. Sure, doesn't sound that special...BUT I ORDERED TWO. I wanted to order another. I want one right now. In fact, I cannot imagine a moment in my life where I won't be craving this amazing creation.So - do yourself a favor. Try Green because the food is great, they care about all living beings, they have vegan blizzards, and one day they will have the best thing you have ever eaten on their menu.I'm going to write a letter a day until they add it to their menu. I'm serious. I can be a real pest.
5	AMAZINGThis past December i visited Tempe - my first trip to Arizona in about 3 years. Why wasn't Green open when i lived there? I'm so happy that people living in this area have yummy, delicious, affordable, exciting vegetarian/vegan options. Service was friendly, helpful, and fast. Food was delightful. I loved the rack of packaged vegan items (i.e., Dandies, Newman-O's and other hard-to-finds) available for sale.  We had two non-veg-heads in the group and they loved it.Green is a lovely little gem.
4	Yum! For all those skeptics who fear trying vegan cuisine, this is the place to start. I have not had anything on the menu that I disliked, and you would never know that these dishes are completely free of animal products. The Green Burger and the Mexicali Burger totally satisfy my need to chomp into a big ol' burger, which I occasionally miss since I became a vegetarian. The Drunken Mushroom "Chicken" Bowl is amazing. All of the vegan "meats" and "cheeses" they use at Green are awesome. They even sell some of them in their mini grocery store so you can take that vegan deliciousness home with you. And the desserts... oh, boy! If you haven't tried it already, go now!
5	i'm not often overly impressed by vegan food - it's healthy so no need to be tasty - but this place is amazing.  almond milk shakes, homemade lemon and lime-aid.  spicy po boy sandwiches along with the spicy faux chicken wing sandwiches are huge stand outs but everything i've had seems to be incredibly good and , i assume, very healthy.  not sure how they pull it off but very impressed.  never had a bad dish and i make it a point to come here 2 or 3 times every time i'm in town on business. which is often.  the cutey college girls trying to look casual while wearing low cut t-shirts are kinda funny too.  "like, yeah, i just threw this loose fitting , low cut tshirt on without thinking. i had no idea that it exposes me so much! oopsy." getting back to the subject though - the food is good.
5	I've ordered here from twice for lunch being both of my boss' are huge fans! The soynami (vegan version of a blizzard) is absolutely amazing! It ruined my life becuase I think I may be addicted. I got it with the crunch (vegan version of butterfinger) and chocolate chips. Sooooo good!The last time I order the spicy peanut tofu sald. It was definitely yummy but could stand for a bit more veggies in the salad itself.This should be a national landmark for vegans!
5	We were visiting from out of town and were directed to check it out (by Aardvark, btw) - were we impressed. What a great spot! Terrific food choices, friendly staff - even minutes before closing when we ordered more food - and outstanding flavors. We ordered the "green" burger and the mock chicken teriyaki bowl. Each was great though my fiancee thought the sandwich could use some avocado. Can't wait to go back!
5	Best vegetarian food in all of Arizona.  Even some of my non-veg friends enjoy this place.  The soynami is way better than anything you could ever make or get from DQ.  This is worth multiple visits.
5	Veggie doesn't get any better than this.  In LA we have a plethora of Veggie options.  In Arizona, you have less but this is good for Green because they are one of the yummiest places I've been to.  If you came to LA I would eat here all the time!The owner himself helped me and recommended the daily special of a santa fe chicken sandwich.  It was thinly sliced and seasoned grilled faux meat on top of a ciabatta and it was wonderful.  Veggie cheese too and came with fries.  Yum, yum, yum.You also must have a Tsoynami.  It is a soy ice cream with a variety of things blended in.  I had peanut butter and chocolate but the choices extended far beyond that.This place is a must visit.  Free wi-fi too, great vibe, tons of parking (ok for Arizonians that is not a problem typically!), awesome service, would come back again, and again, and again.
4	mock - chicken wings that were...wait for it...gluten free! I almost fainted with relief when they tasted excellent, with no trace of suck whatsoever. In fact, they could end up being almost dangerous for me, thank the Gods I live in Phx and not around the corner.as others said-super friendly helpful staff. I hate being the GF person, and to actually have choices, that someone else could explain and give suggestion to, was lovely.The fried tofu in my bowl was delish, rather large chunks, but very flavorful.wanted to try the tsoynami(sp?) but we got there early, no wait plenty of tables, but by the time I thought to order the line was a "U" round the restaurant...next time dessert, you and I shall palaver...
5	This place is an absolute gem! I so wish we had one in Portland! The vegan wings are so so so so so so so good! You have to try them.. wing lovers will unite on this sensational menu item. We also tried two of the bowls...both of which are outstanding. If you're looking for a great vegan, gluten free joint... that's casual and tasty.. this is so your place.
5	I LOVE Green. I am not a Vegan or even a Vegetarian, but I do appreciate great food.My first time here was great because I went with a group and got to try bites of a variety of items. The hummus is my fave. It's got  a bit of a spice which I love and comes with deep fried pita (sometimes a bit too greasy, but I can deal). The artichoke appetizer is delish, but not anything like a traditional, so I wouldn't expect that. The salads are really yummy, I can't remember which ones I've tried, so I can't specify which are best. And today, I tasted heaven in the form of a tater tot. They just introduced sweet potato puffs and they are incredible. I will be getting these as a side every time now! And then there's the tsoynami. Most incredible frozen treat ever. I get the betterfinger with no choco chips, add peanut butter and double chicostix (sp?) SOOOOOO good words can't describe.I love it here so much that I make the trek from Ahwatukee to Scottsdale for lunch, salivating in anticipation, just to please my pallet a few times per month and it is worth every mile. As mentioned in just about every review, the staff is incredibly friendly and always willing to make a recommendation if you ask. One time, when there was a mishap with my office's order that caused me to wait an extended period of time for pick up, I got a call upon returning to work from the manager with a personal apology. I can't recall another place EVER taking the time to do that. For this, I am forever loyal.Reviewing this made me crave it all over again. I may have to go back for dinner. Don't judge me.
3	Too many tables. People constantly having to scootch around you and squeeze between chairs. As for the food. I usually would get a "po'boy" with the kungpao sauce. (a special request) this time I was unpleasantly served the "original g po' boy" which is their mock chicken slathered with the saltiest tasting buffalo sauce. So unapealling I couldn't even power through the whole sandwich even though I was starving. Mind you I love hot wings and buffalo sauce in general but this was nearly inedible. I will give 3stars cuz the fries are epic and when they don't give me the wrong po'boy I'm satisfied. Just stay away from the original g unless you like eating salty spicy vomit on a bun:)
5	i haven't been here for a while because i live so far away. if i lived closer, i'd be spending more money at this establishment because it is the best vegan restaurant i've been to in phoenix.i guess i'll start out with the most 'okay' thing i got, which was the 'po boy.' i didn't love it, but it wasn't gross...just reminded me more of 70's style vegetarian food.i used to be vegan, and missed pizza greatly. the pizza i ate here when my tastebuds were still vegan-oriented, told me that the pizza was good, though i still haven't had vegan pizza that supasses a pizza with real cheese on it.i ordered a salad here once, but unfotunately i can't remember what type of salad. what i can remember is that i liked it and that it tasted fresh. nothing worse than old salad greens, which this did not have.the hummus is rich and has a nice touch of chipotle and they don't make it as gross as some other places do. i mean, when non-mediterranean/non-middle eastern restaurants make hummus, for some reason they usually go out of their way to make it as unhummus-like and unappealing as possible. this hummus isn't exactly like that found in a mediterranean restaurant, but the direction that it veers off the standard hummus path is a tasty direction, not a pointlessly nauseating one.the buffalo wings are salty but flavorful and i love the vegan ranch dressing that comes with them. i've tried to make it at home and haven't quite figured out how they make the dressing so good. i wish there was a Green cookbook to help me out with this one.the tsoynamis make perfect vegan junk food. just like dairy queen minus the cow ice cream or whatever dairy queen uses. i also enjoyed a chocolate peanutbutter bar here once or twice.i wouldn't call green 'healthy', but it is tasty. the few people i've brought here (all omnivores) enjoyed it as well.
4	We need more restaurants like Green!  Simple, well prepared food.  Plenty of variety...not mindless, "I can't make a decision variety"...more, "there is something here for everyone".  The  asian noodles are DELICIOUS.  Staff and patrons are friendly and helpful.  Comfortable, easy environment.  Everyone I know who has eaten here loves it, vegetarians and meat-eaters alike!
3	Love the atmosphere.  The soy-namis are amazing.  I'm not vegan but do crave some of their stuff periodically.  Most of the menu is great but I do not like the Mexicali Burger or the noodle bowls.  Mexicali burger is smushy and the flavors are blagh.  The noodle bowls are easy enough for me to make at home...why would I pay someone else to make them for me?
4	I travel for work and eat out almost everyday of my life (since 2003) ... I'm not a vegetarian, but their food is actually pretty good. The fake meat tastes like meat! I love dessert so I'm a fan of their mixed shakes called "tsoynami". Sometimes I go just for this dessert.
1	Wow, this is my 3rd time trying to post a review, and each time it has been erased when I go to press submit....I came here based on the awesome yelp reviews and was VERY disappointed. The food was awful. I am not vegetarian nor vegan so I am not knowledgeable in appreciating good mock meat, but I CAN differentiate between tasty and unappetizing.Artichoke Dip was watery and looked like light grey/brown colored gunk.I got the Thai Peanut Noodle Bowl with tofu and was only able to take a couple bites because it really tasted awful. I typically really like eating tofu too. Please believe me in that I am not a picky eater and it is very rare for me to dislike a restaurant meal.My boyfriend got a mock beef dish that had this underlying soy flavor. One plus about both our entrees was the amount of veggies in our dishes, but we couldn't even pick out the vegetables because of that strong background taste that lingered on our tongues.
5	Not a vegan or a vegetarian, but I am a fan!First note: if you are looking for this place, pay attention to the map BEFORE you get in the car.  It's in the corner of a strip mall and is VERY easy to miss.  It's just south of McKellips, for assistance.  You will see a low to the ground sign that just says GREEN.  Turn in there; the place is in the corner.  Very small, very unassuming.I tried this out because I am lactose intolerant and decided to just try eating a vegan meal to ensure no dairy was in my food.  I got the Thai Peanut and a Soynami.  The portion was large enough that I was able to split it into two bowls when I got home.  I got my Thai Peanut with brown rice and fresh tofu.  Now, I already love tofu, and this dish was fantastic.  Absolutely one of the best stir-fry type dishes I have had with tofu.  In fact, I was surprised that 1) it was so good and 2) it was vegan.   It was the type of meal that you keep eating even though you can feel yourself getting full because it's just so good.Ditto with the soynami.  The texture was interesting, which made it seem less watery than many soy based desserts that I get.  I got mine vanilla, with chocolate chips and sliced almonds, and it was perfect.  Another case of "I'm really full and should stop eating but hell with it, I'm already crashed out on the couch anyway"...I wish you could get a half soynami because half of the Thai Peanut + half a Soynami would be a perfect meal.   I can eat a giant steak in one sitting, but this meal made me go into couch potato food coma mood because I was just so...full...In my return trips, I have learned not to eat the entire bowl and to pace myself, but the call of the deliciousness and the great staff keeps me coming back again and again.  I don't know if it's healthy, I don't know how they do it, but I don't care...it's delicious.Note:  I haven't tried any of the "fake meat" items--that just sounds weird to me...so no feedback on that.The decor is a bit odd, but it's one of those quirky joints you just learn to appreciate as a contributor to the "local flavor" category.PS: They have VIMTO!  I was seriously taken aback and laughing when I first saw this, but it definitely took me back to some Middle East travels...if you love Vimto, this is your place!
5	I'm not a vegan. I've never eaten at a vegan restaurant, nor could I (at least right now) choose to be vegan 100%. Yet if anyone was ever going to convince me to go vegan, it'd be Green.The sweet potato tator tots were delicious, as was my huge salad filled with fresh greens and figs. I'm not a fan of soy (unless it's edamame), so I was happy to hear this place offers alternatives to soy-based fake meats and cheeses. The decor is rad.The place is eco-friendly too. The staff is friendly and helpful. Yep, this place is pretty damn amazing.
5	The Jerk Tofu salad was delicious and I left feeling satisfied and healthy. Prices were very reasonable. I wish there was a restaurant like Green in my area!!
5	In a few words, I am in love with Green. My mom is vegan, and I am recently vegetarian, and it has been pretty easy for us to transition. However, it's been super difficult to find great vegan-friendly restaurants. Lo and behold, we found the most amazing place ever...45 minutes away from us :(Anyway, Green is incredible. I've had almost everything on the menu at least once, and I'm just such a fan. I prefer the mock-meats to the tofu, but the tofu is really great as well. I haven't disliked anything I've had yet.Of course, don't go in there expecting it to taste like typical food. Green serves the absolute best vegan/vegetarian fare I've ever had. And by now, I've had a lot. Were it closer to my mom and I, I think we would go there every single day.
4	I have been here twice now and will be going back again.  Each time I have ordered the special of the day and haven't been disappointed.  The mock meat has more flavor than 'real' meat in each of the sandwiches I had.  In fact, if the cost was a little more reasonable, I think I would prefer their mock meat over the real thing most of the time!  Definitely would recommend it to anyone to try.
5	Oh Green! How do I love thee? Let me count the ways...1. You are 100% vegan. I have a plethora of choices to eat from and not have to worry about what its made with and if its vegan or not. 2. Tsoynamis. Nuf' said.3. Vegan crab puffs!!!4. You have specials that change all of the time! I just wish you would make about 90% of these specials permanent menu items! I love some of them so much it depresses me when they run out or are no longer available. Example, the Chicken Schwarma wrap. I would KILL for that to be on the menu. It is my favorite thing ever. 5. Most of your staff are some of the coolest people ever, and always remember us. Its nice when staff remember you (and your favorite specials). It also helps that my husband and I have been here at least 50 times in the last year. 6. You don't just make me choose from a few measly salads. You have sandwiches, pizza, pasta, bowls, appetizers. The BBQ chicken and the Mexicali burgers are the greatest things ever. 7. You are relatively close to my house, and I don't have to trek 30 miles to get there. So if at 8pm I decide I want you, I can get to you and not have to worry about making it before you close. 8. You have an in store market where if I feel the need to pick up a box of vegan mac and cheese, I can. There are tons of reasons to eat here, whether you are vegan or not. You have to try this place. It is amazing and no matter what you get off the menu, you will not be disappointed.
5	Delicious and great prices.  There are so few vegetarian restaurants in this part of the country but these guys do it right.
5	wowza.  this place could probably convert a Texas rancher to a vegan, the food is THAT GOOD.I started with a yummy salad- greens with balsamic, dried figs, pecans & strawberry.  the "small" salad was a very good size. then had the apricot miso rice bowl with tons of veggie mock chicken.  incredible sauce, I would have licked the bowl, had the restaraunt not been full.  speaking of full, even though I WAS full at that point, I could not pass up the Soy-namis.  had a Ginger Snap & damn if I did not eat all 16 glorious ounces of it...my belly is distended. it was worth it.good thing I was wearing my platform peeptoe shoes when I showed up, this place is for young hipsters.  the vibe is young & cool (2 things I am not), but not in a snobby way. more grungy hip, if ya' know what I mean.
4	Green is probably the best vegan restaurant in all of Arizona. The tsoynamis are AMAZING and their vegan "Ranch" dressing is the best I have ever had!! Most of the time when I go the lines are kind of long, but not too bad, Definitely worth the wait!!
5	vegan junk food at its finest-went there a few months ago and REALLY need to go back again!
4	The vibe exuding from this place is pure awesomeness. Reminiscent of a trendy hipster coffee joint, this is actually a casual vegan restaurant. I am a pescatarian and unless I am eating seafood, I steer clear of meat, even the mock kind usually however once in a while it's delicious... so why try it here at Green I thought. The menu's style is comfort food, which as we all know traditionally is heavy on the meat, sauces, and fat content... so at least if you're going to be bad, you can do it with organic and pure ingredients.So as I wanted to sample as much of the menu as possible, my lovely friend, her fiance, and I shared a few items:*Artichoke Gratine: The corn chips were amazing, lightly salted and crisp. The dip was a bit too garlicky and runny for my liking. Ate a few bites of this but could not see myself eating the entire thing solo.*Spicy Buffalo "Wings": first things first... do not let looks dismay you... true it looks gross but they taste legit! The flavor of the buffalo sauce was perfect, although could have been spicier. And the cucumber ranch dipping sauce was perfectly creamy and lightly flavored as to not overpower the "wings". This dish is a must try!!*Vegan Chili Fries: the fries are thin cut and tasty. The chili sauce was good, at first, but I quickly got sick of the flavor. This could be because I was never a huge chili fan even back when I ate meat. Hmm, I think you are better off ordering the thyme fries.*Crab Puffs: Perfectly crisp with a delicious creamy filling. Another must try!Lastly my friend's fiance ordered that day's special which was a green chili burrito... delicious and huge. A bit too much rice but besides that a great option. It came with a side, which he ordered the curry pasta salad, mmm.Green serves bowls, sandwiches, pizzas, salads... next time I am back in the area I will be checking out more of the menu when craving "meat" and not my usual tofu, seafood, veggie diet.  Might I add the service is friendly. Perfect place for a casual friend date.
4	Don't be fooled by the name, or that everything on the menu is vegan, this is not the place for anyone on a diet or "watching what they eat". The food is delicious comfort food with lots of fried things, in large portions, and I love it! Sure there are some things like salads, and rice bowls, if you need to go the healthier route, but no matter what you should be washing it all down with a creamy sinful Soynami. As soon as Green gets their liquor license it will be a 5 star rating for sure.
5	One of my favorite spots in all of AZ. Green proves that vegetarian, and more importantly, VEGAN food can be interesting and delicious. More importantly, the dishes served here can fullfill your junk-food cravings.I am a vegetarian, but not usually a fan of mock meat products. Green does such a great job at creating tasty vegan creations that the mixed crowd will amaze you. Not to stereotype the vegan "look", but if you come in to Green during the very busy lunch rush, I would bet money that 50% of the patrons are regular meat-eaters. The food is just THAT good!I have tried most everything on the menu, and my personal favorites are:spicy buffalo "wings"jerk tofu saladmexicali burgerthai peanut bowl with crispy tofuoriginal "g" spicy po-boy sammyOne more thing:They always have delicious daily specials and homemade desserts.
5	Delicious vegan junk food! I am not vegan. I will never be vegan, but I will throw down with the best of them at Green.There are so many delicious treats on their menu I'm not even going to bother naming off the things I've tried here. Just go, eat everything, and when you gain ten pounds don't come crying to me. 'But Kristi, aren't vegan dishes supposed to be healthy?' ummmm NO! If I wanted healthy, I'd poach a chicken breast and eat it with some dry salad and brown rice. Maybe slit my wrists and hop into a nice warm bath for dessert. I come here for fake meat that tastes like angel tears. The only thing they're missing is a liquor license. Located in a strip mall, this place is full of Bieber-esque lesbians and 10 day neck beards just as you would imagine. I don't fit in but when exactly has that ever bothered me? There is even what appears to be a (very tiny) vegan market of sorts inside if you find yourself in desperate need of some Dayia or faux marshmallow fluff. You know, true diet staples. The register area is full of mouth watering vegan desserts that will make you say 'I didn't know you could do THAT with raw cashews!' Man, I love this place...I haven't heard any news lately about the supposed 'new location' but I really hope that is still in the works as it is much closer to home. I can see myself picking up 3 orders of wings to eat in the privacy of my own abode while watching some god awful Lifetime movies on a Sunday. Bring it on Green.  nom nom nom
4	I read that the guy who owns GoDaddy shot an elephant...at night...using spotlights...I'm thinking his fully tumescent "manhood" must be the size and color of a 7 year old raisin...I can't imagine what he thought he was proving by felling one of these magnificent creatures with high powered/laser sighted rifle from 500 yards away, while it stood transfixed by the spotlights glare.There was a word that we used for poachers that did the same thing while hunting deer, when I was a kid back in Oregon..."Asshole".He did prove to me that I will need to move any and all business I can away from GoDaddy..."vote with your feet"...but I guess that's another review.The Beautiful Carin and I were in Scottsdale on business this past week and we take these opportunities to spend time with those near and dear to us!At the very tippy top of the "near and dear" list is our lovely daughter, Whitney.Whit is a Vegan...with a capital "Vege"...and she was distraught by the wanton slaughter of an African elephant by some dot bomb misogynist.So she was thrilled that her meat lovin' daddy was going to take her to Green for dinner...an experience so very alien to me that I made Carin pick up a pound of fully cooked bacon and bring it to dinner in her purse for me...just in case!I am not a Vegan...I was born and raised on a cattle ranch...I do love a good medium rare rib-eye...I don't think it hurts Elsie the Cow to have a teat twiddled so I can have cream in  my coffee or cheese on my burger...and yet, the elephant deal brought a tear to my daughters eye and touched my black flinty excuse for a heart!I checked Yelp and saw that while my Vegan friends on yelp love this place, my decidedly carnivorous Yelpy friends were also nearly unanimous in their agreement that Green is foodgasm inducing!We ordered way too much food...Chili Fries, Egg Rolls, a Green Burger, the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich, No Harm Chicken Parm...I barely had room to choke down a couple of Tsoynami's and an oatmeal cookie sandwich!Even after we were stuffed, Whitney took home enough leftovers for a week!The big question about Green is "why didn't I ever eat here, when I lived here...Why?"I don't know...but I will be putting on my hemp cargo shorts, a tie dye t-shirt and growing a neck beard...and I will be eating here again.I like to "fit in".The menu is fairly extensive...the portions are plenty big...the flavors are bright and well defined and the textures and aroma's (always a big deal for me) are both exotic and welcoming.I didn't have to break out the bacon (although I should have taken my flask...no cocktails at Green for Donald...oh well, agave sugar cola was a delightful departure from the ordinary).I really could eat this way on a regular basis...it's that good...I probably won't, but it's nice to know I could!I imagine that Karma will have it's own way of dealing with a self-justifying, trigger happy technotard...for me, the occasional dinner at Green nicely balances the Karmic forces at work in my life...and tastes good, too!
2	How they make those meatless chocolate chip cookies will always amaze me!!!   Well maybe I came in with high expectations and that led to disappointment...But seriously if I want meatballs...I shouldn't be a vegetarian...so why would I want "mock balls"...they were strange...I couldn't get the taste out of my mouth...The gratin dip was this liquidy green goo to be eaten with corn chips...disgusting...crab puffs...who needs pho-crab...how about a pizza that has fake cheese on it?  It was so doughy and odd...kinda like something at a school cafeteria...how is this so natural and green...fake things that are supposed to be like the real thing...how about just some great tasting food that doesn't include animal products?  Believe me no animals were harmed in creating this meal...unless someone brings home a doggy bag for Rover!!!  Ugh...I'm still feeling green from this meal!  This is a slap in the face to vegans...vegan food should be tasty and fresh...not contrived!  It's time to shine the light on this "Emperor's Clothes"!   I like the idea of a vegan restaurant...but I prefer the idea of great tasting food!
5	If I didn't see it on here first, I never would've found this hidden gem tucked in a corner of a strip mall between a bike store and a Goodwill.The menu seems like there are a lot of options but what they do really well are their bowls and their sandwiches. We had their Diablo Red bowl - a spicy veggie and rice creation we got with 'chicken,' and the pasta with 'meatballs.' We also split the 'wings.' They totally have their mock meats down. I was most surprised by the meatballs which were tender and flavorful with a near perfect texture. Their bowl sizing is perfect, I could eat more but that's probably about as much as I should have. The next time we had the 'green burger,' a house-made veggie burger with oats that's actually red in color. It inspired me to start Googling around for how to make something similar because it was such a fresh take on a veggie burger. He had another bowl- the curry with 'chicken' which was fantastic. This is the best overall vegan place I've tried in a long while, it nails the balance between creative and attainable where all feel welcome.  I hope they eventually slide into a more cozy atmosphere. It's not awful, but I can't see its dinner business growing in its current location.
5	Mmmmmmm Mmmmm Mmm........ so good! I was skeptical about mach meats, but was pleasantly surprised by how delicious they were prepared. We ordered a couple of apps & 2 bowls to try. The apps were good, but my drunken mushroom "chicken" was executed beautifully! The best part? The "TSoynami Clunky Monkey" was a dessert that I couldn't stop moaning after every bite! Was that TMI?? Just imagine... Soy Ice Cream mixed with chunks of bananas, pecans, and chocolate drizzled throughout. Even if you eat too much and think you don't have room... don't miss this chance - make room!! You won't be sorry. Overall? Excellent! I am a fan and can't wait to try more on the menu!
5	Love the "Argentine Po-Boy" sandwich, and the thyme shoestring fries are my favorite side. Many mock meat alternatives which are quite tasty. I am a total omnivore, but love a good veggie meal. Just two or three tables outside, but great to bring the dog!
5	One of my "you must try this" restaurant recommendations for any vegetarian/gluten-free or generally open-minded eaters. My girlfriend and I either eat here or get carry out from here on a regular basis.Our favorites include the thai peanut & drunken mushroom bowls, the jerk tofu salad, and the "chicken" wings. Everything is good here though, and I mean everything - I haven't ordered something I haven't liked, although some dishes I do enjoy more than others.
2	I had a date here last weekend. We ordered the green hummus, which was pretty good. I had the green burger which I thought was just ok, I've had much better veggie burgers before. My date (a vegetarian) had the pizza, which she didn't like at all, I think the mock cheese had something to do with it. The location is in a strip mall, which wasn't that great, and the ambiance in the restaurant seemed very eclectic (not in a good way).  All and all I'd say I much prefer other semi-vegetarian restaurants, such as Pita Jungle, over this place.
5	I love the place.  I wish there was one in  Chandler.
3	I am not really sure where to start off, but, I'll start by saying that every time I have gone to Green; the service as been right on par. However, I am not inclined to absolutely rave about how great their vegan cuisine is. To begin, I think they're salads and some of their appetizers and sandwiches are crisp and fresh and delicious. Some of the pastas and other items that require any oil or things of that nature, seem to be drenched in it. It's busy a lot, which excites me because it makes me think there is a more prevalent health conscious or environmentally friendly population out there. Wrapping this little blurb up; this restaurant might eliminate any notions some people have who firmly believe in the stigma that all vegetarian/vegan friendly food tastes like cardboard. Notions like that are probably crushed there by any noob who walks through those doors and that in itself is a worthy accomplishment!
5	This is the best vegan restaurant I've ever been to! Yummy soynami shakes, I always get the drunken mushroom and chicken bowl. I love the crispy mock chicken that seems to melt in your mouth! I also went here for the annual vegan thanksgiving lunch, which was certainly an experience worth having at least once!
4	I am a meat eater so when someone told me about this mock chicken sandwich I had to try it. We arrived to a pretty packed house it looked like a pretty hip crowd of people. Everyone was really friendly and nice we both ordered The Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich (Mock chicken with caramelized onions and peppers in our espresso BBQ sauce with vegan mayo) served with the thyme fries. This tasted just like I was eating chicken I was shocked really good sandwich fries were great as well. Will go back for sure..
4	About once a week I find myself saying, "wanna go to Green?!?!" I can't get over the no-frills, cafe-esque atmosphere with purely good veg head food. Mind you, I am not a vegetarian anymore, but I do prefer to eat foods of that nature. My boyfriend is a meat-and-potatoe type but still can find his fill here. Careful friends, it is easy to drive right by here. It is located in a dowdy looking gray strip mall... but oh-so-conviently next to a bike shop. There are a few "mock" foods here, but gooooooooooood mock foods. The wings are really tasty. But, they were voted for the best mock chicken in the valley a couple years back. Meat eaters, do not be afraid. This place is delicious. Whether you're feeling adventurous or just wanting something light... you cold definitely find something really great and satisfying here.
5	Great veg place. I take all my friends that wouldn't dare to go vegetarian here and they all love it. When you can take your friends that eats meat and only full fat dairy products and they like it you know it's good. You can't go wrong with the bbq,parm, or steak sandwich. All the Ice creams are to die for. The only thing I'm not a fan of is the chilli burger. That is the only thing out of everything I have tried that I didn't care for. But everything else rocks.
5	Ok...count me in the "I'm not a vegan but this place was great"  crowd!Went and had lunch with some new friends  one is a vegetarian, so we thought we'd give it a try.......VERY GOOD and VERY reasonable...5 appetizers for around $17 and 2 entrees with tea were around $22..Between 6 of us, we tried the pizza, several of the bowls (apricot was awesome!),   edimame, Hummus, peanut thai tofu, artichoke dip, crab puffs, and 4 different desserts.  everything was wonderful!  the only negative in the entire meal was that our group thought the artichoke dip was runny but flavorful. we got there for lunch right as they opened at 11 and were served first...the place was full very quickly after that.  The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and talked to us "newbies" at length about the menu, how to order, and what the vegan cheeses were like.  They even brought us samples of the ice cream to help us order!We will definitely be back, thanks for a great time and a great meal!Richard and the APS crowd:)
5	Mexicali burger is aces.  Cheers to the mock Chicken teriyaki bowl
5	During the tail-end of our trip to AZ this past weekend, my vegetarian husband and I found Green and loved it so much we ate there 3 times in 2 days. It would have been 4 had it not been closed one morning. As a meat-eater with a soy allergy, there are many reasons not to eat here, but I gave all of that up to enjoy as many entrees as possible. Where do I begin...we tried the buffalo wings which had the right taste and texture as meat ones, and the ranch dressing was perfect, the CRAB PUFFS which were mind-blowing, the bbq sandwich, the curry pasta, the argentine sandwich (delicious bread and chimichurri sauce), the fish tacos (which were good but not nearly as amazing as the other entrees), and the kung pao chicken. And oh yes, two cupcakes and the betterfinger soy ice cream. I am so depressed there isn't one in Austin, but I would say Green is reason enough to go back to AZ.
5	The food is fantastic.  I pretty much always get whatever the special is.  I think the sandwiches are honestly a little better than their stir-fry stuff but   this does not detract from how awesome the place is.  Go for the Spicy G if you want a spicy faux-chicken thing or the Argentine PoBoy for a delicious, sweet flanksteak-type meat sandwich.  It is a little pricey sometimes, but you are paying for specialty foods.  Their vegan/veggie market in the store is convenient if you want to try something out, but it's really marked up in comparison to buying almost any of these things from the internet (not even in bulk).
4	I'm no where near being a vegan, but I stopped in with some true vegan regulars. I ordered one of their burgers that was made with garbanzo beans, spices and vegan-mayo and a side of fries. The burger and fries were delicious (couldn't even tell fries were not fried in animal fat). Most importantly, everyone walked away totally stuffed (this is important for us meat eaters). The only problem I had was there seemed to be something missing about the burger. Its really only sauce and patti. Even if it was a meat pattii it wouldn't be right. It needs a little something more so that Its not just a simple flavor.
5	Delicious!
5	This is a great place! I am in Tempe for a week on business and was referred here by friends (and saw the great Yelp reviews, too); rode my bike 3.5 miles to get here...     The first thing you see is the cool, quasi-hippie decor (awesome!); the menu has a great variety from Asian to burgers to Italian... I had the Kung Pao with mock chicken; it was spiced very nicely and the "chicken" tasted quite good! I am not a vegetarian, and even I was impressed! :) I had the Coco Loco Tsoynami for dessert and it was *amazing!* creamy like ice cream, but not quite as filling.     I will definitely come here again on my next visit to Tempe!
4	I live in Glendale and this place is in Scottsdale...so we def have to 'plan' to eat here.  The food is good, you can't even tell that it's not real meat.  I wish they had a location closer to Glendale.
4	i don't know why i do this to myself...i'm not a veggie, i go to a veggie joint and i order mock beef or mock chicken..it always makes me feel gross..the cycle continues...on the up side, service was great, and decor was on point. next time i'll try the salad. I will say this, the artichoke gratin was bomb! i would come back to avoid anything mock, not because its not good, it just doesn't sit well with me.
4	I am still a big fan, Another good rice bowl, and a po-boy this time.It was the firs time I ever ventured to the sandwich side of the menu wand I was pleased.  We had a Argentinean po boy which was basically mock steak peppers and onions. The mock beef as great,  the veggies were a bit over cooked and the bun was toasted but nothing special for $8.We did start with the egg rolls, aside from the small noodles inside they were decent as they were fried but not greasy but again nothing special. $4We also split a "diablo red" bowl $7.50 despite the name we had to add some hot sauce to up the level of diablo to it. The veggies were fresh and well cooked, the mock chicken was great and the brown rice served it's purpose well.  Overall I like the format of this place, and the fact I can order anything on the menu.
4	So I'm going to preface this by stating the probably obvious: I'm not a vegan. I'm much closer to the carnivore end of the spectrum. I like meat, and things you eat with meat, and occasionally vegetables. I accepted an invite to meet someone here with a certain amount of anxiety.But hey, I'm not new to the Interwebs. So I did a little homework. I looked at the menu and found some items that sounded okay. And I read my friend sunny b's reviews here, because she knows this stuff. This made me a little less nervous.Carnivores, take it from me: no need to worry. This place ROCKS. The buffalo wings are plenty spicy - I liked them better than any actual chicken wings I've ever had. The samosas were wonderful: a nice flaky crust, and the filling was very savory with an excellent texture. I had the Mongolian bowl with not-beef, which was delicious: good noodles, fresh vegetables, and the only way I knew the not-beef wasn't beef was the texture. The portions were great and the staff was friendly.For dessert, I got an oatmeal pie: two oatmeal cookies with a creme filling between. DELICIOUS! I definitely recommend this place, and I will certainly eat there again when I'm in the area.
1	I should like Green. I have been a vegetarian for over ten years and I really like when I can go to a restaurant and eat whatever I want. I like the concept of Green, but after two tries, I can say with full confidence that I do not like Green.Atmosphere: I have no problem with the heavy hipster vibe. In fact, it reminds me of home (ATX is a hipster Mecca during South by) and boyfriend and I make jokes about the decor while standing in line. What I dislike is the "I don't give a damn" attitude from the staff behind the counter. The first time we went to Green, I asked the guy behind the counter for a recommendation between two items. He scoffed at me: "I guess if I *had* to pick, I would go with the sweet and sour." Wow. The second time, the girl behind the counter could not be bothered to greet us. She was too busy talking to the other girl behind the counter. When she finally saw that we weren't leaving, she took our order as if it was some great inconvenience to her. Sorry, dear. (Don't worry, I will not be back.) Food: Boyfriend and I hated the food we have gotten here. First time: He ordered the greenza flatbread pizza and I ordered the sweet and sour. The pizza was an inedible mess of waxy "cheese", soggy bread, and pesto. He ate two bites and pushed it away. I mostly liked my sweet and sour except for the fact it was drenched in the sweet and sour sauce. (Dear Green, I *like* the taste of vegetables and tofu, you do not have to hide those things from me. Sincerely, Liz) Second time: I ordered the No Harm Chickn Parm. I can say that the bread was good, but it's a bit too hard to mess up bread that you buy from a third party. The chickn was inedible. It tasted like melted plastic and had the same tough consistency. I do not understand how some Yelpers said this was the best mock chicken they have ever eaten. Boca and Morning Star Farms are infinitely better (and cheaper). Boyfriend got the green hummus. He said it was good. Not worth $4, but good. The pita chips were over-fried--almost burnt. Icky. Other: 1. The drinks are meh at best. All the drinks in the refrigerated case can be bought at Fry's or Whole Foods. Please do not waste your money.  2. There are not enough tables for the amount of people. I guess Green is to be treated like a coffee shop, not a restaurant. Plop down, claim your table, eat some noms, and surf the web. Do not leave for hours! I guess this is nice for some people, but it is impossible to get a table at dinner time. FYI3. No AC in the "restaurant" during the summer. Unacceptable. TL;DR: Waxy "cheese", too much sauce, inedible mock meats. Don't go.
1	The one lonely star is for the ambiance and decor, which I did find appealing. We ordered a pizza and KP noodle bowl. I got my noodles quickly and actually finished the dish before we realized that the pizza had not arrived. Went up to the counter to find out that the cook had burned the pizza and had not started another one, so we went ahead and ordered another noodle dish. 20 minutes later they brought the wrong dish with ingredients specifically asked not to include. The manager gave us 3 dollars back as the pizza was actually $5 more and did apologize, but by then we where to tired to ask for a full refund.
4	I went to Green to grab food the other day as a newly vegan eater. I got the peanut stir-fry dish with crispy tofu. The flavor was excellent and I REALLY enjoyed it. The ambiance at Green is amazing, and so are there teas and drinks. I also got a chocolate peanut butter bar and it was very tasty. I will definately be back to Green!
4	Great food! The service was horrible and it is very expensive. The good thing is the food was so good that I will eat there again and again.
5	I ate at Green for the first time today. I loved the Thai Peanut Salad with mock chicken. My friend had the BBQ Chicken Salad and it was really good too. We plan on going back weekly.I love the community table, we met some nice people today also enjoying their food. Someone at the table recommended the pasta with "meatballs".I will be trying that next time.
5	First of all, I don't know why there were a few people who claimed this to be a hipster joint. I know hipster. I've been surrounded by them (to my dismay) for years, and can spot one from a mile away. One of my favorite youtube videos of all time is "The Dickhead Song" which is completely, 100% making fun of hipsters.That being said, I personally think the environment is cute and sort of catchy. Definitely won me over when I walked in the door and saw that they recycle. Yes! Thank you god, finally an establishment around that serves plastic cups but promotes and WANTS you to recycle.Also, a couple of people said something about the people working there not being attentive and being extremely rude. I'm going to guess that the yelper themselves were in a really bad mood or had a one time bad experience because when I walked up they were nothing but sweet as pie and incredibly attentive. They talked with me about the different options and explained the menu to me. Refills are free. That's pretty awesome, especially considering their lemonade is killer. After we sat down we probably waited 5-7 minutes and our food was out. Nice. My partner and I decided to share their Drunken Mushroom bowl. Needless to say, the bowl was definitely big enough for two. We still ended up leaving with leftovers. And let me tell you, the food was excellent. The veggies were crispy. Crispy! They didn't over-cook them. Thank you! And the faux-chicken was indeed splendid. Pulls apart and basically melts in your mouth. The sauce was so good. So so good. I have dreams of this particular dish (and I'm not even fibbing one bit).I also had a cone of their plain vanilla ice cream. It was good. Definitely not the most amazing soy ice cream I've ever had, but it isn't something I'd turn my nose up at and would definitely get it again next time I go there (...maybe tomorrow?).I can definitely say that Damon has found himself a masterpiece of a vegan restaurant. Don't pay so much attention to the negative reviews. I honestly have no idea why anyone would have something other than praise for this place. I know high quality, well cooked food when I taste it. Green has got the stuff!
4	I love Green. My husband and I have only been vegetarians for about 9 months and we were pleasantly surprised to find this restaurant a few months ago. We have tried many of the dishes--so far my favorite is the Green burger. The food is tasty, the atmosphere is laid back and customer service is usually pretty good. My favorite part about eating at Green is dessert...Betterfingers Tsoynamis are a must for me. It is delicious and satisfying! Really the only reason I can't get myself to give 5 stars is because of their prices...they are a little high for my taste but is not enough to deter me from returning!
4	Very delicious food! We are not vegans or even vegetarians, but we just love this place! We have been trying to eat healthy lately, and this place was just perfect for that. The consistency of the mock chicken dishes was almost perfect, and we weren't left with that sick, full feeling in our stomachs. Wish this place was closer to where we live!
3	I should preface this review by stating that I am not a vegetarian. I am especially not vegan. I am a shameless meat and diary eater. But I am open to experimenting with different cuisines and always looking to try "healthier" foods. Green is a restaurant that I've driven by countless times and always tell myself that I should give it a try. I finally did last night, and I wasn't terribly disappointed. While it's still not food that I would go out of my way for, I appreciate the level of quality Green offers. I decided to take an adventurous route and try the original "g" spicy po-boy. I consider this adventurous because the idea of mock chicken doesn't sit well with me. The real thing tastes better and the health differential is open to debate. The sandwich was decent but small. It's only a po-boy in spirit. If you've ever been to New Orleans and had a po-boy, you'd know that they are obnoxiously oversized and stuffed with lettuce, tomato, and your choice of fish or meat. What saves this sandwich is the sauce. It's perfectly hot and the tofu absorbs all of its wonderful flavor. I like that Green uses mixed greens instead of iceberg lettuce. It may take away the crunchiness, but I like the taste much better. Green also goes light on the mayo, which I appreciate. The thyme fires are really good. They're thin and crispy, and the herb really enhances the flavor. They give you a lot of fries, which makes up for the sandwich being a little undersized, but I'd rather have more sandwich than fries. Since heaven forbid I be strong enough to pass up on sweets, I also tried a peanut butter chocolate bar. Not bad. But certainly not worth its $3 asking price. It reminds me of a store-bought peanut butter rice crispy treat. I recommend only having this if you are a strict vegan. The restaurant is exactly what you'd expect it to look like. It's dark and artsy in a hipster bohemian style that you'd find in New York's West Village. It's semi-service. Order at the counter, wait at the table, and someone brings you your food. Green may want to look into assigning their customers a number, or a pager, to place on the table. Even though I was taking my order to go, I'm not a big fan of someone walking around and yelling names (way too fast food for me). They also may want to put their menus out near the front the place. They're all at the counter and there isn't a big menu board posted. How is someone new supposed to have a clue what's on your menu if they can't see it until they make it the place where you order? A meat eater reviewing a vegetarian restaurant is like a vegan reviewing a steakhouse. I can appreciate the place for what it is, but it's just not designed for me. Green caters to a specific clientele that needs more restaurant options like this. I'm glad that there is a place like Green in the valley. It's everything that people who live this lifestyle can ask for. If you're a meat eater hoping for something that tastes just like "normal" food, you're obviously going to be disappointed. I'm certainly open to giving Green another try, and would even suggest it if I were planning on dining out with a vegan or vegetarian friend.
4	You know what, I like it. It's good, it's fun - the flavors are interesting. My favorite thing is their Soynamis though! Delicious! And so many different ways you can make it. Ambience is okay - the way I see it is I can be surrounded by snooty vegans or snooty carnivores at some fancy schmancy restaurant - either way, the two extremes seem to have the same sort of "air" about them. So I'm not so crazy about who I'm sharing my meal with, but if the meal is good, I am down with it. Service ain't to shabby - not the best, they seem ocassionally bothered that they have to take your order or that you're not entirely sure what you want, but when you give a person a multitude of ways to make things, you're gonna ask, is this gluten-free, is this dairy-free, etc. You'd think they'd be use to those questions by now. But overall, a definite must-try for the adventurous, and staple to my list of faves.
2	The food is pretty good, especially good for vegan fare, they've got a decent gluten free menu set up too!Problems are in the service, since the start of summer 2011 it has gone way downhill. Today I waited for 35 min for my food, had other people who ordered after me served, then when they finally noticed me, they came over and told me to come up and ask if my food is taking too long. Isn't that their job to serve in a timely manner? Since when do I pay $10 for $4 worth of food to not get served?On top of it, they screwed up my order, I had to go back in and get it fixed (more waiting time). Being late, being stupid, and being wrong? Three strikes in one visit - this place is done. I won't be going back.
5	My favorite restaurant! The staff is great. The owner is great. You should upload a photo of that AMAZING person that won the photo contest!!!
4	My version of fast/comfort food. Consistently delicious.
2	I was really happy to find another vegetarian restaurant in the Phoenix area.  My wife and I enjoy Loving Hut, but it's always nice to find more variety.We entered Green with high expectations considering the good reviews we saw here on Yelp.  I ordered a veggie burger (of course), my wife got a meatball po' boy, and my daughter got a rice bowl of some type.  There were also some appetizers such as egg(less) rolls, and their chili fries.Chili fries--I looked forward with great anticipation to these, and it looks like I expected too much.  What passes for "chili fries" here are shoestring potatoes lightly sprinkled with thyme (not bad in themselves) which are then covered with a concoction of what appears to be Morningstar Farms veggie crumbles mixed with tomato sauce and one or two spices which I couldn't identify.  It was really not all that good.  It tasted like someone was trying to doctor up veggie crumbles and really didn't know how.  I'll say this much--it wasn't "chili" in any capacity that I would recognize.In terms of the burger, I think that, at least at first, they did a good job of masking the blandness of the the red bean patty at the center.  The presentation and appearance was pretty nice.  However, by the time I took my last few bites, I was needing to wash it down with my Diet Coke.  Again, it was a not very successful attempt to make a meatless food attractive, hip, and tasty.  You can do it if you know how.  I'm not sure if the folks in the kitchen at Green really have a handle on it.My wife's po'boy was a similar story.  Again, looked like Morningstar Farms meatless meatballs.  They put them in a bun with "mum's sauce" and soy cheese.  I tried a bite.  Tasted like a meatless meatball coated in ketchup on a bun.The egg(less) rolls were. . .okay.  Again, there was something missing in the flavor.The atmosphere was "hip" and cool.  The bathrooms were actually really neat looking.  Service was friendly and helpful.  The food was eh.  Don't be fooled into thinking that because they put up this big presentation and say with fanfare "WE'RE VEGAN!" means that the food here is good.  It's really mediocre and the only thing preventing it from being one star in my opinion is the work that they put into decor, atmosphere, and service.  If you want to come here with a friend, share a basket of thyme fries or a dessert, you probably won't be disappointed.  If you want a great meatless meal in the Phoenix area, however, the Supreme Master Ching-Hai has the lock on it.
4	The Green Restaurant is good.  Good vegetarian sandwiches
5	Loved it!!!!  Im a new vegetarian and am sooo excited to have found this place.  The buffalo chicken wings are exceptional.
3	Meh. TINIEST portions ever! I paid $3 for the lamest serving of a side of fruit I have ever seen in my life. Literally, 6 bite sized pieces of fruit....for three dollars. Same with all the other sides. If you are a vegetarian for health reasons, don't even think about this place. The only items that are remotely healthy are 2 of the salads, both of which don't have mock meats (which are all deep fried BTW). But, why go out for that when you can make it at home? The burgers are mushy. The "no harm chicken parm" was seriously barely any mock meat-mostly fried breading with oily vegan cheese. Again, good if you don't care about health but..... seriously? Blech. I'm a steak fry kinda girl, so their fries blow IMO.The tahini coleslaw, however, is fantastic. I could eat buckets of it but it's a "side", so for $3, you get a measly serving of cabbage. Lame. Dessert sizes (which exception of tsoynamis) are pathetic. $3 for that tiny peanut butter bar? Again, lame LOL. Since it's really the only 100% vegan in the east valley it is passable, but it is *NOTHING* compared to places in SoCal or New York or Portland.
5	I love this place and I'm not a vegetarian. I don't have the faintest idea how they get tofu to taste like chicken, but it's great!Great menu and nice atmosphere. Love the walls! Read the story about Fred on the wall, it will make you happy while you eat the great food!
3	This place is pretty interesting. Its a little hard to find if you've never been there before, its in a little strip mall nudged right into the corner by a print shop and a skate shop if I remember right. The decor is actually pretty cool and trippy. One wall is all yellow with a gigantic paragraph/quote of text on black that takes up that whole section and there are some cool paintings decorating it. It has this kitschy meets hippie vibe. Countr people were nice. I had mock chicken with noodles and you get served in the slanted ceramic bowls they have at mongolian BBQs like Genghis Grill. I had the mock chicken and noodles and if I didnt know better, Id swear it was pretty close to the real thing, the portions were pretty huge I didnt finish mine, but it was pretty cool to check out at least once, though I had kind of wished Id ordered the vegan chili fries when all was said and done.
5	All you need to know, THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. All around.The atmosphere of Green is artistic, fun and comfortable. Had you never heard anything about this place before, from the view outside Green you would most likely drive right on by. Its also kind of hidden but that hasn't slowed down their business one little bit and here is why. THE FOOD IS KILLER. Seriously.The staff was super friendly, they serve and offer vegetarian food as well as all natural beverages, organic, vegetarian and vegan shelf foods to take home. While there I had a kombucha tea to drink, my boyfriend had an all natural cola and we shared the chili fries and the apricot miso bowl with fresh tofu. The portions were great and we were super full after. We spent around $21 after both food items, drinks and tip. Not bad! Especially for fresh, vegetarian ingredients that fill you up.A fun and delicious time. If you are visiting AZ, make a trip for sure.
5	I really enjoyed my meal here and the service was really good.  I'm not a vegetarian but I thought the food was delicious!  And their dessert were fantastic too!
5	Amazing vegetarian food! Great atmosphere! Nice people! Super affordable!  ABSOLUTELY LOVE ITTT!!!!
3	it's okay. i think there are cheaper and higher quality vegan foods at whole foods! if it weren't so close to the asu campus and scottsdale, it wouldn't be that busy!
4	The buffalo wings are out of this world-- they're the best buffalo wings I've ever had, meat or otherwise. The Argentine Po-Boy is also excellent. My only complaints are that the prices are a bit high ($8-$9 entrees) for what you get, and the service is a little bit lacking. I'd typically expect lower prices for what is essentially a fast food restaurant, but the food is pretty good.
5	Out of this world. Great selection on the menu: sandwhiches, salads, noodle or rice bowls, etc. I've ordered the veggie burger, the pad thai, and a few of the other rice bowls and have never been disappointed. Oh, and the buffalo wing appetizer is to die for. Literally. Bring your defibrillator.The staff are casual and friendly and lack that "yes I work in a vegan restaurant so I'm more awesome than you" vibe. The decor is cool-urban-earthy. Prices pretty reasonable, as well as turn around time for food. My pad thai was $7.50 for what is really two portions......I however scarfed it down as one.
4	Um, I always end up feeling like I should recommit myself to fitting into those skinny jeans every time I see the scene at Green. And it is a scene.But then I'm also compelled to order those Thyme fries with my veggie burger. What's a girl to do?Good food :)
5	This place is awesome!As you may be able to tell from my other reviews, I am a beef eater. One of my vegan friends took me here on whim, so I figured I would try it and likely not like it. Boy was I wrong!!I have had so many incredible meals here, I can't even begin to tell you how amazing this place is. How do they make beans / soy taste like the most perfect piece of chicken I have ever had - I am unsure.The best thing I think I had had, was a special. It was mock duck done in a french style - called "the donald." I am a huge duck fan - and this did not disappoint. I strongly recommend you try this place, and go back often to try new dishes. I have yet to find a dish I did not like.
4	If you are a veg head ( I am most of the time, but breakdown every-so-often), this is the place for you!  You have got to have the hummus!  They have some of the best hummus ever.  They specialize in vegan food and even if you don't like vegan food, you have to try this place...you just might change your mind.I had my sister and the kids get some take-out and the kids were not going to like it not matter what.  They loved it!  So even if you are an exclusive carnivore, give it a shot!  You might find a whole new kind of food to love!
4	Anyone who asks, "are you a vegan to lose weight?" should come to Green and eat their words. And everything else.In fact, I usually end up at Green with non-vegetarian friends because they claim that it's "Food you can eat that I actually like." Every dish is addictive, flavorful, saucy, and filling. Classic hits include the chicken thai peanut bowl, the singapore tofu bowl (although the mock meats are a shame to miss out on), the vegan BBQ chicken sammich (I just watched a carnivorous friend down this with the delight and voracity of a young velociraptor), and then there are the eternally awesome specials.Even though you'll probably be stuffed post-meal... make room for dessert. It's mind over matter anyway. Order a Tsoynami - they're like McFlurries with vegan ice cream and epic swirl ins. Standouts include Tsoynamis  filled with anything from frozen chocolate fudge, bananas, kitkats, hazlenut brittle, mint oreos and more.On another note, this is also the only strictly vegan restaurant in the Tempe/Scottsdale area with a lively, hip atmosphere. Even if you love steak more than anything in the world (and there are steak po'boys, might I add) at least stop by for a chocolate chip cookie and check out the awesomeness of the place.
5	EVERYTHING about green is perfectly marvelous. I'm especially a huge fan of the vegan soft-serve desserts &milkshakes. The french fries are delicious, as well. Definitely better than anything you could find... Well, anywhere. They have quite an assortment of sandwiches, noodle dishes, etc. My bestie's favorite is the 'no-harm chicken parm.' Also, they have a lemonade/tes bar &a rack of common vegan groceries for purchasing. The amosphere is toooo cool &the employees, SUPER nice.
5	As I am considering vegan lifestyle my friend brought me to green for dinner. Nervous about what to order (assuming it would all taste plain or even gross) I ordered off the "sides" menu, a bowl of vegan chile $4- it was delicious! Served with tortilla strip chips. My friend ordered thai peanut bowl $7.50 with crispy tofu & brown rice- I had a few bites & loved it. I will order it next time we come. Veggies included squash, onion, broccoli & carrot.  Intense spicy peanut sauce packed a punch of flavor, a moderate to slightly heavy punch. We finished with kitty ditty ($5)- a soy ice cream with kit kat like homemade wafer cookie covered with dark chocolate broken into bits and the whole thing was topped with organic choco syrup and mixed together like a DQ Blizzard. Yumm.I was also impressed by the friendly staff & comfortable atmosphere.  very much looking forward to my next visit.
5	Very good food. I love that they are conscience about Gluten free, organic and local food. Everything here is very good. But all this said, I have to admit that sometimes the veggies are over done or slightly burned or browned from cooking. I prefer to have the veggies steamed then put on the noodles or mixed with the sauce. It seems like the saute the veggies with the sauce and it gets browned and can be not too appealing to the eye, kind of all brown on some dishes. Most of the time the food is good.
4	Not much of a vegan food fan but decided to try it on whim. Things you do when you are far from home.The staff was very friendly and the surroundings have a bohemian feel. Visited at night on a weekday. It was fairly full.  I ordered the jerk tofu salad to go. I really enjoyed the taste of the dressing and the flavor it infused in the tofu. The only thing I found odd was the following:It seems they are interested in reducing waste and polution. they packaged  my salad in cardboard packaging instead of styrofoam,they provided a wood fork  (which shows they are onboard witht reducing waste and care for the environment) but they put it all in a plastic bag. (I guess the SurfRider foundation rise against plastics campaign has not reached Tempe yet). Overall good change of pace
5	Wow what a great place, I flew in to Phoenix for business and thanks to Yelp I found this great with reasonable prices even better than what we have in LA !! Had the Chicken BBQ Burger !!!
5	Ate here a few months ago on vacation. If I remember correctly, I ordered the poboy. Messy and DELICIOUS. Definitely need to check it out again next time I'm out here.
3	Let me preface this by saying that i am not a vegan, but would LOVE to be; hence, i have a really strong appreciation for all you veggie lovers out there and i try to eat like you as much as I can - but i do consume meat....so maybe my body just wasn't used to all this soy protein and that's why i had really bad indigestion after visiting Green. Also, both of my friends didn't feel well after eating at Green either. All of us just felt so bloated and unwell after our meal. Is it normal for a carnivore to feel this way? My husband got the Mexi-Cali burger. The "meat" didn't hold together and seemed like mush....which means the texture wasn't appetizing. The vegan cheese on that thing was NOT good. I got the steak po-boy. It was really more like a philly cheesesteak without the cheese. Our friend got the peanut curry noodles. He liked the first few bites.We really, really, really wanted to like Green esp after all these rave reviews and for the veggie lover, i'm sure this place is heaven! But for us semi-carnivores, it just didn't sit well. I'm sorry, i wish my review could be better!
4	Even a non veggo can come to Green and enjoy one of their many authentic  vegan friendly meals. Whether you're looking for a healthy bite with some friends or just grabbing a  tSoynami as a treat, you'll leave green with a smile on your face. I usually combine a mix of pretzels, chocolate, caramel & marshmallow but the choices are infinite. use your imagination and create something to suit your taste bud needs.I must admit, i dont fancy their eco friendly recycled utensils. I feel as though they leave that cardboard flavored taste in your mouth that i've never seemed to enjoy much. Then again, it's a price im willing to pay to go GREEN. The vegan chocolate peanut butter bars found by the register are a delicious treat to take on the go. I've always wanted to get one of the many psychedelic coloring books provided by local artists but at  around $20.00 cost, I've yet to splurge my student income. I suggest checking this place out. Whether you need a quick feed after yoga, a snack on the run, or even take-out for dinner, Greens the place to go.There are always positive vibes flowing and the helpful employees make it an enjoyable atmosphere to kick back and relax.
5	Gosh, Green is just the best. I wasn't even vegetarian when I first started coming here, much less vegan. I didn't even know it was vegan until a few trips in. I'm about 90% vegan now but it doesn't even matter. Good food is good food.My favorite thing to get is the Original G po-boy with sweet potato tots, but always always check their specials. And the soynamis....eat them. Eat all of the soynamis.
5	I love Green. All of my friends (veg or not) love it as well. They never have any qualms about going to Green for a meal (or treat). I go to Green a few times a month, and always leave happy and full! You can't go wrong with the wings. I typically  try the special if there is one. My go-to is the Original G. It's a buffalo faux chicken sandwich-sooooo good! I am mildly obsessed with their wing sauce. Other faves of mine are the BBQ Chkn Sandwich, the Ranchero Salad (Sub buffalo sauce for bbq), the Spicy Thai Peanut Noodle Bowl, and of course Soynamis. The staff is mostly pleasant and accommodating. Green is a great place to people watch, too. Yes, it definitely has a hipster feel, but there is quite the variety in their cliental. Green maybe not offer the healthiest and lightest of vegan fare but definitely some of the best tasting! Highly recommended!
5	BEST RESTAURANT IN ARIZONA.My favorite is the No Harm Chicken Parm. GET IT. You'll die and go to food heaven.My favorite side dish is the Tahini Cole Slaw. FREAKING DELICIOUS.Not only is every single item on the menu perfect so far, but the service is incredible. The staff is patient and helpful......darling people working there.Thank god there's a new location in Phoenix. I'm going every weekend.Not a joke.
4	If I was given the option to eat nothing but meat for the rest of my life (and stay healthy) I would do it. And if it could be nothing but fried meat with gravy smothered all over it... even better. Yet here I am at a vegan restaurant... and I ate every single bite of my diablo red... and I'm excited to come back... has Hell frozen over my friends!? I doubt it. I think Green just has an absolutely phenomenal chef. Kristen's secret barbecue chicken sandwich was great too, you basically would have no idea these were vegetarian dishes. While the atmosphere is a little too hippie/hipster for my general liking, the food was really good and the staff were awesome and very willing to help us first timers. You've gotta try this place, if nothing other than to expand your culinary knowledge, but I'd be surprised if you left disliking anything you tried.
3	I like this place a whole lot. The atmosphere is pretty neat (unhinged car doors along the wall, couches set up for comfortable nomming, and pretty writing on the walls. I don't know much about the vegetarian/vegan lifestyle, but I do know that every vegan item I have ever put in my mouth has been immediately spit out. I told the girl taking our orders that I am not a vegan, thinking I may be shunned from the establishment, but instead she told me she wasn't either and then she assured me that their faux meat actually tastes like sweet, juicy, animal meat (my words, not hers). Praise Jesus! And she was so right! I had the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich, and it actually tasted like chicken! However, it didn't feel any healthier to eat. Loaded with BBQ sauce and mayo, I still felt like a fatty. My husband, also the polar opposite of anything vegetarian, ordered the Diablo Red and fell in love. This place is nearing a 4 star review, but the menu looks so scary to me that I don't know if I can give it a 4 yet. Lots of spicy items and I don't like spice. Really good food, service, and atmosphere. As the Terminator once stated, "I'll be bock."
5	Some of the best veggi/vegan food around & def the best here in AZ. Are you unsure of what meat substitutes are or taste like?  Green really nails it...& their fake 'chicken' is seriously some of the best Ive had across the country ---- try the OG Poo Boy sandwich, a spicy buffalo 'chicken' sandwich on a sub roll (so delicious) or I usually get the Ranchero Salad Buffalo wing style instead of BBQ.  Seriously I cant go there without getting the Buffalo anything!  Check out their new location in Phoenix on 7th st ---- with their dessert cafe next door, 'Nami' you can get fantastic vegan pastries, Soynami's (vegan version of Dairy Queens blizzard), cupcakes, coffee & more!!! SO GREAT! +++
5	As good as it gets. Tsoynami is to die for and vegan wings! yum
5	Green is my absolute favorite place to eat on this earth! You can't go wrong with anything you order off the menu. It's all delicious, from the wonderful appetizers, to the amazing salads, to the entrees with mock meat. And don't leave without trying one of the scrumptious desserts. Everything is priced very reasonably and that staff is always smiling and helpful. I wish I could eat here every day! Whether you're a vegan, vegetarian, or meat-lover, try this place out. You will NOT be disappointed!
5	This place is amazing.  I wanted a nice healthy dinner tonight and I got it with a phenomenal dessert.  Had the Thee Green Salad and Edamame.Staff is very good looking too :)I will come here every time I come to Arizona.  I can't wait to try some of the other menu items.
4	Fake chicken has never tasted so good. The "diablo" dish is really really nice.
5	Terrific vegetarian food.  I ate their twice in two days during a business trip.  The menu is varied, prices are reasonable, and the staff is friendly.  I couldn't have been happier with the dishes I ate.
5	Holy cow! I love Green! It's awesome to have a menu full of nothing but vegan dishes in a somewhat veg-unfriendly city like Phoenix.  My carnivore husband loves it too and talks it up to people just as glowingly as I do.They always have great specials. Just recently they had a great turkey pesto sandwhich which sounds kind of ordinary, but it was way better than anything I can make at home. Their taco special with mock shredded beef was killer. They even have a Big Wac if you miss that nasty burger from McDonald's.My favorite dishes are the No Harm Chicken Parm and Meatball sandwich. Their marinara is so flavorful! Lots of garlic, just how I like it. When I lived 10 minutes away and got take out, I could barely keep myself from eating while I was driving because it smelled sooooo good.When I'm aiming for something healthier, I get their stir-frys with extra fresh tofu, no rice. Apricot miso is my favorite of the bunch. Salads are great too, but then I usually feel compelled to order a delicious tsoynami to undo their health benefits.
5	New Phoenix location is even better than the Tempe location!
5	A really great restaurant, this deserves to be said first, and the best vegan/vegetarian in Tempe.  Going on my best of Tempe list.  If you are one of my anonymous followers on Yelp, you know I love meat.  When we make plans to eat at Green, I get excited because the food is great despite the fact that there is no meat.  They just make great food at Green.I usually get one of fruit-flavored sodas that come in the glass bottles from the refrigerators next to where your order your food.  Never had one that tasted good, but it is fun trying them all.  Maybe one day I'll start worrying about my sugar intake.  And the tSoynami's are really good, but closer to a dessert than a drink.The wings were suggested to me on my first visit, which seemed a bit daring for a vegan restaurant, but . . . they were great and I get them all the time.  I would not recommend a vegan pizza unless you know what you are getting yourself into.  My mostly vegetarian daughter lives off of cheese and mushroom pizza, but couldn't stomach the vegan verity.  Now she has the crab puffs and peanut tofu appetizers.  And my vegetarian wife gets whatever she wants and doesn't have to ask about unmentioned ingredients, which I have been told is a rare and liberating experience.The layout of the interior provides a friendly and inviting atmosphere.  We usually try to snag the couches.  Art from aspiring artist usually decorate the walls, and the bathrooms offer really cool sinks.  Opposite the wall of art is a mural made up of re-used and re-claimed materials.  I like it and my daughter always has a few questions about it (e.g., Are those car doors real?  What is that?), which gives me a chance to point out that re-using is even better than recycling, although both have merit.  A few more visits to Green, and I'm sure my daughter will know what I'm talking about.And our Tempe location, the original location, is better than your Phoenix location.  There, I said it.  But maybe I should try the Phoenix location first.
4	Much built up anticipation over this place... it's located far from my house and I don't have many veg friends, so I knew it would be awhile before I could try it out. But as a life long veggo I was super excited that there was a comfort food all vegetarian restaurant in the valley, that wasn't too strange. Finally!It was different than what I expected inside... much more casual I guess. Counter service and fending for yourself over finding a table. I thought the decor was pretty unique and cool though.I liked the selection of teas and lemonades. The green tea was yummy.For starters we had the artichoke dip and crab puffs. Both were delicious but we were a little disappointed with the serving size of the crab puffs. 4 little pieces...3 of us had the Po-Boy sandwiches. I had already tried a piece of the buffalo chicken at Devoured so I knew I would like the sandwich. They did not disappoint! All the components of the sandwich were good. The bread tasted bakery fresh and even the vegan mayo was good! It tasted just like real mayo. The shoestrings were hot and crispy, like upgrades fast food fries. My husband had the no harm chicken parm, which he thought was good but not great. He didn't like the texture of the cheese.Kinda wish they had a liquor license... a glass of  wine or a brewsky would definitely enhance the meal. It seems like a lot of vegetarian eateries don't serve alcohol. What a shame.We will definitely be back. There are so many other dishes I want to try!
5	Love the wings!
5	Mmm...I'm hungry just thinking about Green. It is one of my favorite restaurants. I am vegetarian, but like eating vegan when possible, and everything I have tried here is yummy. I even brought my family (none of whom are veg) here for my birthday dinner, and the general consensus was that it was mostly yummy food, that at least something they tried was good. I always get the Mexicali burger. I keep telling myself I will try something different, but it's so good, I just can't not get it. Also, the wings are really yummy. A bit different from what I expected them to be, but very yummy. I tried the mushroom Po Boy once, and the bbq sauce was very good. I've tried a tsoynami once or twice, they were good, but I don't get them often as I usually fill up before dessert!
5	Amazing. Just stopped for snacks, had the fake crab rangoons and samosas. Very good. Will mos def come back to dine, hopefully several times, when in town. Love that they sell Diaya in the cooler and other lovely products, books and junk foods!
2	I think this place is OK. I believe most people who like it are new to vegitarian-vegan items.
4	Stopped by for lunch the other day and I can say I was pretty impressed.  It's kind of hard to spot since it's in the corner of a very small and crowded parking lot, but don't let that deter you.  I liked the decor and the setup of the restaurant.  Our food came out very fast and was pretty awesome.  I got the orecciette pasta with the "meatballs".  I'm not a fan of fake meats.  If you are going to be vegetarian I say just be vegetarian, but the meatballs in the pasta were more like falafel and were great.  I will definitely be back when I make it to the side of town again.Try:orecciette pasta
5	Phoenix needs more quality vegan places like this!! The ice cream is an amazing value $5!!
4	Been meaning to try this place for a while and was finally in the area for lunch.  Had the "no harm parm" chicken sandwich.  Was super tasty except I discovered I'm not a fan of mock cheese.  I love me some mock chicken, but apparently not mock mozzarella.  Had the thyme fries as my side and they were awesome, and I'm usually not a lover of shoestring fries.  Warning though, they were very garlicky so had to do double duty on the mints after wards since I was meeting clients.Looking forward to going back to try the mushroom "chicken" drunken noodles!  Yum!
3	For vegan fare, it's passable. I liked the food, but not totally in love with it. The teas were the best though, and didn't have any dessert but it sounded amazing.
5	I love Green! When I moved out to AZ Land from Cali... I was soo sad that i couldnt find any vegetarian places then I discovered green! I am a patron! There all the time! The food is soooo delish! I am constantly craving a tasty asian bowl or their delish buffalo wings with their crisp green salad!!! bliss.... love love love love love love love :)
5	Even for meat eaters, Green has a lot to love. A lot more than just tofu! I go here at least a couple times a month for lunch and it's spectacular 95% of the time. A few of our favorite items are the BBQ "Chicken" sandwich, Thee Argentine sandwich, the crab puffs and of course, the Tsoynamis. Everything is fairly priced ($8 for a sandwich, $7.50 for a bowl w/ your choice or rice or noodles). The only thing I don't particularly care for is the buffalo wings as I think they are far too salty. The ranch that it comes with is fantastic, though. Also, if you get something with cheese make sure to use Daiya instead of Teese. Daiya tastes much better, in my opinion.The atmosphere is very artsy. There are always paintings for sale and there are a bunch of old car doors and hub caps over to one side. They just got a few booths which is fantastic if you want a little privacy. There is free wifi, a booshelf will all sorts of great reading, and the staff is always super friendly.Another great thing about Green is the vegan market. They have all sorts of great vegan foods and books for you to spoil yourself with. It's the only place I know of where you can find Teese, Food for Lovers Queso and Soy Curls. As an aside, I highly recommend Soy Curls as a healthy replacement to the meat in your fajitas or cheesesteaks.Another thing you absolutely must check out is their annual ThanksLIVING festival on Thanksgiving. They will load you up will all sorts of delicious and traditional Thankgsiving day food, veganized. "Turkey", stuffing, biscuits, brussels sprouts, asparagus, cranberry sauce, gravy, corn, pie and a drink. You'll get guest speakers, live music and local arts and crafts. Highly recommend.
4	I'm not even Vegitarian and I dig this place. Went there with a friend and was pleasently suprised. The ice cream is great! Cool vibe.
4	Oh so tasty, with excellent vegetarian and vegan dishes that can taste better than the original meaty versions.  The no harm chicken parm was excellent, with perfectly crisp breaded seasoning, flavorful tomato sauce, vegan cheese that was a very close texture to mozzarella, on a soft fresh bun.  I also tried some of the buffalo wings, which were tangy, spicy, with a nice texture similar to chicken.  I was surprised to discover that the wings are actually made from mushroom, but that explains why it was so good (I love mushrooms).  While I'm not exactly a vegetarian, I have friends that are vegetarian and vegan, and I do appreciate good food when I taste it, and will definitely go here again to try more dishes.P.S.  Their vegan ice cream is amazing!  The coffee ice cream with coco puffs is heavenly.
5	Green is by far one of my favorite restaurants to eat at.  My husband loves it too and he is a carnivore!  Our favorite things to get are the "boneless buffalo wings" and something that another customer shared with me while waiting in line that is not on the menu "the Wendy's pickle sandwich" It is amazing!  Another special they have from time to time is "the big WAC" and I must say it is better than the real thing!!!!!
4	we always wanted to go here and finally had the money to do so. we loved the chocolate almond milk that was to die for!!! he had homemade lemonade which was very good too. the problem we have with this place is they put agave nectar, soymilk, and tofu in pretty much everything and we can't stand that! it's hard to pick something to eat when it has all of that.we had sammies (forgot what they are called) with thyme fries omg sooo delicious! the staff was awesome and friendly so cool! they got a fridge of vegan cheese, organic drinks, etc. another issue we have is why does this place have coke products? why be into the organic foods yet ur gonna drink more chemicals yet they carry virgil's root beer which is organic?!
4	I'm not sure what's going on but it seems like they are adding more salt to most of their stuff and I can barely stand it anymore.  I love this place but honestly they need to ease up on the salt or I won't be able to eat there anymore.  I really wish they would update their menu too.
2	I haven't anything here that didn't upset my carnivorous stomach... which makes me sad cause I love to explore all kinds of food. That's the ONLY reason the rating is so low. I loved the Po boy they have and enjoyed their drink station and vibe. I like that local artist are welcome to sell and post their work and it all fits. I tried the steak and mushroom sandwich and hated it... forcing it down with a really good iced coffee. Can't really mod the coffee at all but it was good and I hope I will find something that I love.
4	This was my first outing to a Vegan or even Vegetarian restaurant. Honestly I was expecting more veggie focused entrees rather than faux meat selections. I went with the Coconut Curry bowl with crispy tofu and pan fried noodles. It was tasty, filling and visually appetizing. For dessert I had the fluffernutter (I think that's the name). It's a soy based vanilla ice cream with peanut butter, bananas & crisy cereal in it. DELICIOUS! It reminded me more of ice milk then ice cream. Next time I think I'll get it minus the bananas though. Oh and yes, there will be a next time :)
4	I had heard about Green before, and didn't realize that I had passed it a bunch on Scottsdale Rd. Me and Jon S. were meeting with someone before they caught a flight home the next day, and decided to meet over late night Tsoynamis. We arrived around 6pm on a Friday night and it was pretty poppin'. They place smells really good, and if I hadn't already had dinner plans I probably would have tried something off of the menu. The guy at the register was nice, and I decided on the almond joy-esque tsoynami, with soy ice cream, almonds, chocolate syrup, and coconut. Jon had the pb&j and added vegan cap'n crunch. While we were all consumers of meat and dairy, the tsoynami's were super good. You get about 16oz of goodness, and after licking the cup clean, you don't feel weighed down as you might after eating the same amount of Cold Stone. This is definitely someplace I'd come back to, and may even be daring enough to try lunch or dinner :)
5	This place alone makes me wish I lived in Phoenix.Living in LA there are a zillion vegan restaurants, but nothing quite like this.  My husband and I spent two days in Phoenix, and ate at Green both days (actually we tried both Green locations - Phoenix and Scottsdale) and have been craving it ever since. We tried various menu items; the spicy buffalo "wings", the "no-harm parm", "crab puffs", the "green burger" and the "coconut curry bowl" - each was AWESOME! We also had to splurge and eat lots of 'nami soy soft-serve ice cream! OMG! Thinking I might drive to Phoenix this weekend, just to eat at Green!
5	Awesome food. Great selection and I'm very impressed with the flavors they get out of the dishes here. This is our favorite vegetarian place in PHX. Good stuff.
4	We go back here when we want to know what we're going to get... if that makes any sense. You see, it's tasty and they have a lot of options ranging from very healthy to "junk" food and a lot of desserts.  But despite all the choices, it never seems exciting or imaginative but rather, consistent, and kind of like a diner where all the choices are vegetarian. And despite how it sounds, I don't mean any of this negatively... sometimes it's exactly what I'm looking for! Good!
4	I'm impressed with Green. I'm not vegetarian at all, but their fare is substantial and provides a very effective meatless dish with substance. Their meatless chicken wings are really good and have a realistic texture.  The facility is pretty good, and can get crowded at lunch (a good sign I'd think). It definitely has the "green" theme going. They have a pretty decent little vegetarian grocery (a couple of shelf units of stuff near the register) that have things I'm tempted to buy just to try them out.
4	After listening about this place so much finally I found a good occasion to visit it. It was a great choice for a Lent Friday and my mom. She had the Drunken Mushroom Noodle Bowl and yes WE SCORED! (she doesn't like food in US in general) so this was a great choice, not spicy, not just meat and carbs, and not overpriced.My friend had the Singapore Tofu Noodle Bowl and was delighted. And I had the Argentine Po-Boy, YUM!! it almost taste like tender beef! though I was not able to perceive the chimichurri ... To finish we had a vegan double (or was it triple) chocolate slice. Happy ladies after that!!!Staff is really friendly and service is great despite the demand they have. I would join their carnivore caravan if I were around. For sure a lot of hard core carnivore could consider reducing their intake. Downside? plastic cups, and other not very earth friendly material in their serving baskets. Maybe  next time !
4	Yum!I was skeptical about going to this place because I had been there once before (about 2 years ago at least) and hated my food. However, a friend convinced me and I decided to try it again. Well, I am glad I did! The crab puffs were AMAAAAAAAAZINNGGG. I love crab puffs and was so happy to have a vegan version that didn't taste gross. I couldn't even tell it was vegan cream cheese (I'm sure we all know it's usually hit-or-miss) or fake crab! Also, I had the orecciette pasta with the no harm chicken parm, and loved it. The only problem with that was that even though they used Daiya vegan cheese, which I love, is that they just lumped it on the top and it was impossible to spread around, so that kind of ruined the parm part. Also, their vegan chocolate chip cookies are incredible and I couldn't believe they were vegan so I even asked again just to make sure! (Yes, they're vegan). I will definitely be coming here again. I'm dying to try the artichoke dip and their tSoynami's!
5	My daughter who once told me she loves whoever invented meat asks to go here, I think that pretty much says it all.
5	Let me start out by saying I am not a vegan or vegatarian. But seriously, this place is freaking amazing. I'll admit I was a little skeptical about the whole vegan thing but they proved me wrong. I get the Thai spicy "chicken" salad. It is the perfect amount of spice for me, not too spicy but just enough to give it flavor. The "chicken" is so good and flavorful. If I didn't know it wasn't real chicken I would have been fooled. Their oatmeal cream pie just the right finish to the meal. The way the restaurant is decorated is so different than most places around Tempe. All along the back wall they have old car doors lining the bottom half. On other walls, they have local astists display their artwork that you can buy. It's just a great atmosphere.
5	Once again, love Green! Tried the diablo red rice bowl with mock beef. SO GOOD! I don't know why I think I can only eat half and take half home with me. Their food is so tasty I end up eating the whole thing! Friendly counter staff, quick turn around time with the food, good sized portion, great selection. I have yet to try any of their desserts, but I was starring at a couple customers enjoy their soy sundaes and it reminded me to try one of these treats next time!!
4	It is so nice to have vegan alternatives and not be stuck ordering side salads everywhere. Just by having a place like this earns them the extra star from 3 to 4.My friend ordered the sweet & sour tofu and said it was OK. Since we were hitting a bunch of restaurants this night, I didn't have a main course, but I DID get the "tsoynami". Speaking to the tsoynamis, they are delicious. Soy based ice-cream blizzard treats. I didn't realize how much I had missed milkshakes since going pescatarian, and this tasted like it came from Dairy Queen (I got the cookies-n-cream tsoynami). All the yummy goodness of a blizzard w/o any of the stomach aches, health issues, or moral issues (or whatever reason you've given up dairy). The rest of the menu looks innovative and tasty and I wish we had more time in Scottsdale to try more items. If you were to compare this to a non-vegan place, I don't know if it would rank as high. But, for what it is, this place seems to have found a niche and is doing it well.**things to note** This place is almost impossible to find. It is tucked away in a corner in a non-descript strip-mall (by a car dealership if I remember correctly). If I didn't have GPS, I would have given up on trying to find it. Also, the employees are all kinda dirty looking - expect hippy-types with dreadlocks and piercings and stretched earlobes. While I respect everyone's personal choices, I also appreciate hygiene in the people who are preparing my food... just sayin'....
4	DELICIOUS!! Sometimes I crave a good steak, some yummy roasted chicken or a slice of delicious roast pork but Green has changed my food wants, recently I've been craving the delicious goodness of Green's awesome food. From first bite of the drunken mushroom chicken Green won me over. I do love mushrooms but the mock chicken totally fooled my carnivore mind. I love the flavors in the dish and how it was made together. Since my first time last Thursday 3/28 I have been in love with this place. I've had their samosas which are good, the Singapore Tofu noodle, yum yum! the vegan chili fries, outstanding (although next time I'm getting the chili on the side to avoid sogginess)! yes, thyme fries are my new loves. lol. the buffalo spicy "wings" are on point. BuT the one thing that makes Green extra awesome are their... Tsoynamis!!! These vegan treats, wait are they vegan? hmm still are worth my cheat days!! YUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMYYYYYYYY! The PB&J is so freaking good, love the peanut butter especially, the butterfinger is just addicting and the banana cream pie is my new crush! Green thank you for being around and thank you for your awesome bites. love you. Oh and they have Vitmo... yea that's a star for just being kick-ass!! =)
5	Overall Experience: Awesome! Green has healthy, incredibly delicious food, a cool indie atmosphere, reasonable prices, and did we say AWESOME food?!Food: Where to begin. Let's start with the green veggie burger -- big and bursting with flavor! Great patty, great bun, just great, and love the organic mixed greens instead of iceberg lettuce! Then the BBQ "chicken" sandwich -- so bold and flavorful! The sliced faux-chicken was so tasty, one of our party who eats lots of meat said it tasted like good chicken!Also did a twist on the parmesan faux-chicken sandwich, substituting the marinara for pesto, along with the Daiya vegan mozzarella cheese -- delicious!!Orrechetti pasta with faux-meatballs and tomato sauce -- another winner!And on the side with all the sandwiches -- great, super-skinny fries.Toss in some  organic and natural drinks and sodas, and we had a great, enjoyable, and surrprisingly healthy meal! 5 starsService: Friendly and helpful, gave good suggestions! 5 starsAmbience: Cool indie feel, some good art photography on the walls, and minmal but warm wood tables and chairs. Very clean, and the front wall is a garage door, so with that open, the sunlight and fresh air felt great. 4 stars.Value: Not expensive, good value for the money! 4.5 starsAnd once you're done with your delicious meal, head next door to Nami for the vegan, good-for-you version of Coldstone! (Green and Nami are owned by the same people). If you like Native Foods in California, you're gonna LOVE Green. Enjoy!
5	Awesome vegan spot. Coming from an Austinite, that's high praise. The Kung Pao tofu bowl was amazing. Expand to Austin, even if it is just a trailer ;)
3	Kudos for offering tasty vegan delights and meat alternatives to satisfy that occasional craving. However, the food here is quite greasy and not necessarily healthy. I ordered the Argentinian Po Boy and it was drenched in oil. The beef seitan was literally dripping in fat, and the peppers and onions were stir fried in far more fat than necessary. I also ordered the spicy peanut chicken seitan salad. The greens could have come out of a bag, the chicken seitan was oily beyond imagination, and the dressings were 99% oil.The single dollar sign price rating is misleading. This place is EXPENSIVE because the portions are very small. You would expect a Po Boy to come on a decently sized bun, however what I received looked smaller than a basic hot dog bun. It tasted great, but the portion size and high fat content made for disappointment. While I am a vegan, I eat a very low fat and healthy vegan diet. Although tasty, the food here is prepared with an obvious disregard to basic dietary common sense. Don't come here thinking you are eating healthy - you are not. However, on those occasions when you want a greasy meal without the meat guilt, this is your place. I would not recommend eating here on a regular basis unless you are prepared to ingest a lot of vegetable oil with its negative consequences.To the owner and chef - why don't you offer a healthy, low fat menu to those of us who don't want our vegan meal to contain more fat than a quarter pounder with cheese and fries? There isn't even an option for low fat salad dressings. I fear for those who come here thinking they are eating a healthy meal. Vegan /= healthy here. Why three stars? Because I enjoy this place on those occasions when I want a greasy fix without having to eat meat or patronize an evil fast food chain restaurant.
4	I had no idea that there was a Green Restaurant so close to me!  I must say that I prefer the location in Phoenix as far as decor even tho this is the original.  I took my meat eating friend and he loved his special.  As usual the food was great, but I decided to try something different this time and got a Chai Tiramisu Tsoynami.  Note: As I was warned by the server, it tastes nothing like Tiramisu (which is my favorite dessert), but I got it anyway.  It was interesting....it had crushed animal crackers and a taste of ginger.  It was fine but I wouldn't get it again.
5	I'm. In. Hea. Ven.This food rocks. Of course, I am biased for a place that is compeletly dairy free. But, they really do know how to work those flavors. Now, I'm not typically big on the mock meat, (vegan food can be made well enough where you do not "miss" the meat in the dish, therefore, no need to replace it) However, I did like the texture of the mock stuff in the sandwhich I ordered. I had the "mock chi-Ken parmesian sandwhich" it tasted *exactly* like mozzarella sticks (or, at least, what I remember them tasting like from years ago....) which I happend to LOVE.....That sandwhich was sooooooo good, even the bread was perfect! I can't wait to try the other stuff on the menu....Their tsoynamis are good too (tho, not as well made as the Nami location in Phoenix....my friend complained she only had one banana slice in her clunky monkey, where as at the other location it was FULL of banana) I had the Chai tirramasu (or something like that) it was DELISH! I think that is my new fave flavor (or it's a tie between that and clunky monkey) So happy this is nearby, and that I don't have to drive all the way to phx to get my nami and green fix :)
5	I absolutely love this place. The food is amazing and the tSoynamis are even better. I would go every day if I could :)
4	If I knew vegan food was this fantastic, I'd totally convert and be a Vegan. I recently went to Green out in South Scottsdale and I have been trying to eat my way through the menu. For their starters, I've tried the samosa, the chili fries, the egg rolls and "wings." Out of those, I'd say my favorites have been the wings. If you didn't know they were mock meat, I'd still think they were just like boneless pieces of chicken cause the sauce with the wings was fantastic. And the chili fries were fantastic! I usually get the chili on the side to avoid making the thyme fries too soggy. I've only done two of the bowls - the drunken mushroom chicken and the diablo red with mock beef. The two bowls were seasoned fantastically and yummy. I do need to try more bowls. I've tried more of the sammies and burgers. The original "g"spicy po-boy is fantastic, but I may be biased since I really loved the wings and that's what they put in this po-boy lol. I tried their no-harm parm chicken sandwich, but wasn't that big of a fan of it, but it was because my mock chicken patty and its breading was coming off and apart due to the tomato sauce so it wasn't enjoyable. My favorite by far was the Mexicali burger; it's a fantastic, slightly spicy, mouthful. As I've said, I'm trying to eat my way through the menu, but I couldn't pass up having another mexicali burger again lol. The tSoynamis, their ice cream dream desserts, are a simplistic tasty orgasmic mouthful. The have specialty ones featured off their usual menu; I love their recent one with the butterfingers. It's so yummy and makes me want a butterfinger lol. Their Soy Captain tSoynami makes me want Captain Crunch. Their Cookies 'n' Cream and Ts'more tSoynami is yummy as well. The Cookies 'n' Cream one is a chocolatey heaven. They have an awesome PB&J tSoynami, which is by far my favorite! I am so going back and making a dent in their menu!
4	Hokay, so Green. I've tried vegan food in the past and although some of it is okay I have never found a love for it... That is until I found Green.This place has amazing food! I had the Medical Burger with the Thyme Fries and oh em gee!!! Super delicious!!! I can't wait until my next visit to try something else. Then there is the beverages, I had their natural teas and yummy. Their Sweet Limeade was super good.Also atmosphere and customer service are also important to me and they did very well with the feel of the place and the staff is very fast and friendly with lots of energy.
5	Green is the new black, just don't tell my husband! Actually, he might agree with me. Finally got the meat eater to come to Green for the first time and he was in heaven! It was my third time there and this time I got the Spicy Thai dish and my husband got the Kung Pao. Both meals were delicious, filling and satisfying.  We may actually head back there for dinner tonight!
5	I decided to re-write my review for Green. Since then I have been handed a plethora of new information about their menu that might make it more appealing for almost anyone.One of my previous complaints was that besides some of their sandwiches and their salads, their food was particularly oily, or greasy, etc. I thought, this place is too good not to have some sort of alternative to this situation and guess what? There is a solution. I admit, I prematurely judged the cuisine before asking enough questions. Turns out, almost everything on the menu, especially the entrees are customizable to the point that you can almost make anything on the menu fit your preference and the staff is more than accommodating and gracious about it. I have since had a lot of items on the menu and been able to get many items to fit my dietary preferences: sandwiches (the Wendy's Pickle is a great customizable one), almost all the bowls I have tried with less oil, steamed veggies, or light sauce, etc. The salads I have swapped out the meats for different kinds of tofu or light sauce, etc. Almost every time, my food has been delicious and if it wasn't, it was usually because my choice of customization was poor. Not to mention, like I said in the last review, this location has great service, as do all the locations and it is clean too. Whether a ravenous carnivore, local vegetarian vegan, out-of-towner, or whatever, I can pretty much attest to the fact that you'll more than likely find one, probably, two items on the menu to satisfy an appetite.
5	Am visiting friends who are vegen and went out to dinner...my first vegen restaurant!  the only word i can think of is outstanding!  the crab cakes are succulent, all our entrees were delish.  Their desserts are to die for!  Definitely will find time to return before going home.  TRY IT, YOU WILL LIKE IT!!!
5	Excellent food. Excellent service. Some staples: No Harm Chicken Parm, Mooshroom PoBoy, thyme friesMy favorite place to hang out & catch up on reading while enjoying the food and surrounding people and energy.  A nice break from the old town Scottsdale crowd that is near where I live.
4	Glad we found this place! It's a vegetarian joint and I didn't even care because the food was delicious. I got Henry's special (goat cheese, onions, butternut squash) on flatbread pizza...holy crap that was yummy! The husband  got a beet and ginger soup topped with goat cheese. I have no idea what they are putting in that goat cheese but that is what we were raving about 90% of the time we were there. He also got a Caesar salad - it was a nice surprise that they added some raw broccoli in there as well (that way you feel like you are getting -some- nutrition out of it).
4	I've finally visited this place twice now after taste-testing a sample of their food many months ago. I'm not vegan/vegetarian, but this is still a great place to eat. It's a place that I will definitely visit again.The buffalo wings are a must-have item. The spicy buffalo sauce incorporates fresh garlic and scallions and is better than I've had anywhere else. I get this appetizer every time I go. The Thyme fries are also a nice appetizer. The fries are thinly sliced, nicely spiced, and not greasy.The dishes are quite large. I have tried the curry and kung pao entrees. Both had nice flavors, but could use more sauce and neither blew me away. The mock meats used in their dishes are very impressive, especially in terms of texture. The appetizers, for me, are large enough to be a meal. Meanwhile, the entree bowls are big enough for two people. There is a nice collection of house drinks, including lime, lemon, vimto (red fruit drink), and green tea. You can mix and match them as you like and refills are free.For desert, there is a collection of tsoynamis, which are a soy-based ice cream in DQ Blizzard style. I tried the betterfinger version, which was good, but extremely sweet (like eating cake frosting). The order line gets backed up to the door, even during off-peak hours. By the way, you order at the counter here, get your own drinks and such, then pick a place to sit. The staff only deliver your food and you clean up after yourself when done. So, this is not a traditional, sit-down restaurant. The environment is very rustic/wooden and laid back. The prices are fair. The staff is very friendly.
5	I actually used Yelp to find Green for the first time. I can't say I've been to a quality vegetarian restaurant until Green. The atmosphere was a little trendy for my tastes, upon first take. The exterior was as plain as any two-bit mom-and-pop joint. It was small, but a lot of people were parked in the lot, and some were dining/hanging outside. The inside? A total surprise! The mood was set by sleak decoration and dimmed lighting. The crowd was pretty hipster and hippie alike. Our waitress had short shorts and dreadlocks.The food was amazing. The portions were so large that I couldn't finish. Even a simple side order of thyme fries got me a basket with enough fries to share. The taste was superb.I don't go to this location as often since I've found that their 7th street one is closer to me, but Green has quickly become one of my all-time favorite restaurants.
5	I have been going to Green for a long time now and I have to say it is my favorite restaurant! All the meat eating friends I have ever brought there always ask when I am going back because they really enjoy the food as well. I just found out that they have been going without me and taking other friends, which I guess is okay since more business for this local restaurant is always great! I've never had a bad experience there and the staff is always amazing! I will be stopping by before I move down to Tucson.
5	Green's food is good enough to turn me vegan (just kidding i love meat)! But seriously, before ever trying Green, I thought "how can this vegan crap possibly be any good?". Eat here, you'll understand. The "no-harm" chicken parm is out of this world, as are the "burgers" and the buffalo chicken wings. I've never had a bad dish here, and the texture of the faux meats are strikingly similar to the real thing... if I didn't know any better, I'd swear it was! Save room for dessert! The Tsoynamis are a vegan version of a DQ Blizzard, yet again somehow just as delicious, if not better!!!
5	We LOVE this place & go every time we are in the area. It's artsy eclectic style has cafe style tables as well as a sofa and chair seating area. Different art decorates the walls. The exterior is very blah, but don't let it fool you. Once inside you will find a really hip & trendy place. Great friendly service with amazing food. The green hummus rocks as do their Soynami's! The Green burger is phenomenal too! It's always busy, but well worth the wait. We have never had anything there that wasn't good. Very affordable too. My kids & I are vegetarian while my husband is vegan and this place satisfys us all. This place is a quality vegetarian place & they like to be eco-friendly & green... added bonus as far as I am concerned. Can't wait to fly back to the Phoenix area to stop in this awesome gem of a place!
5	WOW! What a find! We just went vegan a month ago and this place was a phenomenal find - it gave my husband the will to survive :) vegan 'junkfood' - everything you can imagine in vegan format. There's no deprivation in sight here!We had the Mongolian bowl, vegan chilli cheese fries, Texas poboy, BBQ chicken sandwich and mint Choc chip tsoynami for dessert. Amazing food, tasted like the 'real' thing, only this IS the real thing - real food. Wow!
5	Given that Green has 400+ reviews and four and a half out of five stars, I'm pretty sure everything that needs to be said, has been said. Between my sister, her boyfriend, and myself, we had: BBQ chicken pizza, Spicy Peanut noodle bowl with chicken, Crab Puffs, BBQ chicken sandwich, and my sister's boyfriend had a strawberry almond milkshake. For dessert, I had a chocolate almond milkshake and my sister had the Soy Captain Tsoynami. We're still in a little shock that EVERYTHING we had was 100% vegan. The three of us are lactose intolerant; I kept on waiting to get sick off the milkshake but it never happened. The only complaint I have is that a places like Green are few and far between. Literally. I live in San Diego (I only know of one other fully vegan place in my area), Green is in Tempe, AZ. As an omnivore with a meatatarian streak, Green is allll kinds of super amazing.
4	So far, this place is the best vegan resto that I've ever meet. The menu have a lot of option. I tried the green salad (awsome flavor!), spicy fried tofu with peanut sauce (it reminded me to my Indonesian peanut sauce!). Bravo! I can't go back to try others menu. Total 3 orders was $$..:)
4	Awesome concept. Super customer service. Unique Idea. Delicious fries and soy blizzard type dessert.  But, the vegan burgers that my husband and I  ordered were tasteless and borderline "gross". I couldn't eat 3/4 of it, and threw it away. Still, in the future I might give it another shot.
3	I have been to Green on several occasions and I have never been as impressed as my friends. The jerk tofu and spicy peanut salad are good, but I feel they are overpriced for a few pieces of tofu/meat substitute and plain greens. The green burger was okay but I was surprised by how thin the patty was.I am in love with their french fries, however! They are incredibly tasty, whether plain as a side or as an appetizer as the vegan chili fries (by far the best item of their menu!).The tsoynamis are delicious no matter what flavor you get and that is definitely a selling point!
5	Green has the best vegan food in Phoenix. Weather or not if you are vegan, there is something there for you. Very artsy inside, fantastic staff, amazing "soynamis" AKA a vegan DQ Blizzard. They have a small grocery area in the front as well, all vegan but all amazing. I always get their special without even looking and have never been let down. The spicy Po Boy, and the Mexicali Burger are my fav off the menu, you also get a side and I never stray from the delicious curry pasta salad. On top of it all, they are very fair priced, 2 meals, 2 drinks, and 2 deserts, usually runs about $20. That's great for in house made healthy food.
4	I asked my Mom to take me somewhere really healthy, while I was visiting her in Phoenix a few weeks ago. She decided to take me to Green. I knew I would like it upon first walking in, and indeed it was very good! They had a lot of fake meat products on the menu, but I decided to go with the Mongolian Tofu. It had great flavor, and it was very filling. I also drank the Sweet Lime, which was very refreshing, especially in 106 degree heat. Everyone we were with enjoyed their food, except my boyfriend, who wasn't too into their version of fake mozzarella cheese...was kind of rubbery, but um, what do you expect? Real cheese is where it's at, hence the reason I could never be a vegan. The inside of this place is also cute -- my kind of place! I wish there was something similar to this in SF, because I would go a lot!
4	It was my 2nd time there so i kind of knew what to expect.  Practically the only Vegan place around town, unless you count those Ethiopian places.  But i like green for the effort, tastes, and ambiance.  The variety is pretty good ranging from salads, pizzas, burgers, "po-boys" and noodles.  This time i had the Mexicali burger and my lady friend had the spicy peanut sause noodles (with is pretty much like a Thai noodle bowl, with mock-chicken).  The burger was sup-par.  the patty was more of a ground meat texture than a patty so it broke apart easily.  The flavor wasnt really there and it took ketchup and siracha sauce to bring it up.  The fries however very very good.  Thin cut, light and crispy.  Definitely a highlight of that meal.  as for the Thai noodles, it was pretty good too. The mock chicken was very good. not too dry and had a good texture to it...dare i say almost like chicken.  My only complaint is the price.  You really dont get for what you pay for.  the portions  are a lil small and the tofu/mock meat are far and few in between.  but still relatively inexpensive to eat, all entrees are about $10.  but we could get a lil more fries, or noodles or vegies for that much.another complaint was didnt save enough room for the tsoynami ice creams they looked absolutely delish.  next time... next timePros-only vegan in town-flavorful with a good selection of dishes-cute decorCons:-meals a lil small for $10, but not that bad.
5	So, as a complete NON veg, I was dragged there by my girl who is a veggie.  I was dubious, as I am a total steak man.  I must say that the steak poboy was so good, I ordered 2 with extra meat in each.  I was actually craving them a few days later.  Better than a regular steak and cheese sub as you don't feel like crap after you eat it.lolI hate it when she is right.
3	Decorators seemed to have a fun time putting the place together & walls are adorned with interesting pieces of artwork.Cashier/order receiver: pleasant and helpful.Server: lackadaisical, no eye contact.Food selection: vegetables, soy processed, sugarStarted w/ sweet & chocolaty almond milk shake. Not special but at least not dairy.Enjoyed thai peanut w/ carrots, brocolli, onions, soft tofu, served on bed of brown rice. The sauce coated everything besides the rice, and had a subtle taste of continental asia, but nothing in particular.Finished with plastic-wrapped super-sweet peanut butter bar.Noticed lots of processed soy choices and that my two snacks were very sweet. These two characteristics keep my visits down to 2x's per year.
5	Amazing, amazing, amazing.Everything was awesome and totally vegan. I even got my meat loving boyfriend to admit it was great and that is really saying something.Does anyone know what they use for the beef substitute? Its some kind of mushroom based thing, but if anyone knows how to make something similar I will love you forever!
5	If you're a vegetarian, you already know about this place. If you're looking to take a vegetarian somewhere -- this place is a sure spot. Best veggie/vegan cuisine I've ever had.
4	I was here about a month ago with some vegetarian and lactose intolerant friends. The food was surprisingly good. I'd typically go without meat than eat imitation meat because seriously, what good could possibly be in something that fake? However, this time, I went with a thai peanutty veggie (non)chicken bowl with noodles.I was impressed! But I should have gotten brown rice instead of the noodles.After that, we shared a tsoynami (cute- it's their vegan milkshake thing) and the (vegan!) cookie dough in it was amazing. I'll be back eventually!
4	So as our last restaurant in Phoenix, I decided to visit Green, due to its great reviews and popularly. I got the Kung Po with mock beef, which was only $7, which is super cheap and really good.The restaurant is hidden in like a little corner, so it's a little hard to find, but the interior is nice and beautiful. As a tip, just remember that you seat yourself and you have to get the menus at the counter. Took us a while to realized that.Overall, super cheap, really good and nice place.(:
5	I first need to state that I am not a Vegan, but rather a meat eater of the highest order. However, my girlfriend is vegan, and this is her favorite restaurant. If I could eat from this menu 3x a day, I would be vegan too. the Chicken Wings were an amazing appetizer, and both of the sandwiches we ordered were flat out great...vegan or not. This is a great restaurant and I know we will be back frequently.
5	Everything is good!
5	I have been coming here since 2008, and I have to say...it's all good, every time! The service is always friendly and outstanding, which goes miles with me...but add to that such a great, unique and tasty menu that non-vegetarians like me are swayed to eat veg. I mean, vegan po' boys, kung pao, coconut curry, garden burgers, meatball sandwiches--all of which are tastier than the so-called "real things". I had the spicy bbq chicken sandwich with a side of curry pasta salad today, which rocked, and with a friend who hadn't been in yet, and who, I'm sure, will be back. May I also suggest the thyme fries, which are a bit of awesome. I don't care about the so-called "scenesters" that one reviewer was complaining about. I like that they replaced the standard soda fountain with a lineup of kombucha, Izze, and other healthy drinks. I just eat happily and enjoy myself here, and notice that everyone else is generally doing exactly the same.Go Green!
5	Oh wow, love this place!  I have attended their ThanksLiving event for the last two years and have a great time enjoying delicious fake turkey (made from seiten and breaded), side dishes, and yummy desserts. Plus, the proceeds go to the Humane Society.  Besides ThanksLiving, this place has faux meat down! Many of my meat-eating friends say that the fake meat is just as delicious with a very similar mouthfeel as the meat they're imitating.  I have ordered salads, stir-fries, and the desserts here and have loved everything.  The stir fry vegetables are cooked to perfection - not too overcooked and crispy but not too raw still. The place can get packed on weekends and evenings, though, so sometimes finding a table can be a problem.  If one chooses an off time, it's usually no problem. Besides the slowish service, I haven't been superimpressed with the cashiers.
4	Good place, my veggie friends love it. The only thing I'd have to complain about is that the "chicken" tastes pretty fake. The Buffalo "wings" are amazing though, its just that the chicken tastes weird in the salad. Fair prices, good flavor and the soy ice cream is good
5	Really good, high quality food. A little pricey, but very typical of such high quality vegetarian food. I will be a fairly regular customer.
5	Amazing food for the vegan or vegetarian. Pretty much everything on the menu is top notch.
5	Vegetarian or not; doesn't matter!My first "GREEN" experience was in downtown Phoenix.  I was driving around the neighborhood on break and saw this cute little building with the word "GREEN" on it.  Being vegetarian, I thought, "they'll have something for me".  I went in and that was all they have!  I was in heaven!  I got the Coconut Curry Tofu Bowl for two days in a row and found the other "GREEN" in Scottsdale.  Their food is perfectly flavored and I love the hippie atmosphere.  It's always cool to just sit back and enjoy a great meal here.  **If you're not vegetarian/vegan, you've gotta try this place.  It just might change your mind!
5	Amazing food, i go here about once a month.  Crab puffs and No harm parm are wonderful.
5	Excellent flavors, fresh drinks and desserts! When in town I go out of my way to eat here. I'm not a vegan or vegetarian either. Keep up the good food and service!
5	Went here for lunch with some hungry guy friends...did not disappoint anyone!!  Amazing flavor profiles and it was healthy filling food.  Just enough spice to make you appreciate the fun drinks, green tea, lemonade and some weird sweet fruit punch..so good!!!!
5	I never thought I would enjoy so much vegan food until I tried this place.  I actually like the vegan meat in here better than most regular meat entrees at most restaurants.  Definitely one of my favorite restaurants.  :)
5	Not even vegetarian and the Argentine mock-beek samndwich is amazing. Also the sweet potato puffs are like candy.
3	yes, i'm a vegetarian. no, i don't like meat-flavored, meat-shaped vegetable protein that tricks me into thinking i'm eating meat. if i wanted meat, i'd eat meat. that said, there are plenty of delicious vegetarian dishes that feature vegetables in their natural state here, and they're good.
5	We arrived shortly after 8:30pm to realized they closed at 9:00.  No worries as they were quick to say, "Come on in!"Prior to our arrival we didn't know if Green was a sit-down or counter service.  Upon entering we found that it would be a counter service experience.  Nice and laid back. I immediately loved the flow of the restaurant with the painted wooden tables along with tree stumps for some of the seats.  Patio dining is available but the far end also has a see-through garage door that can be opened up for open air dining too.Quick examination of the menu had me wanting everything.  It's so nice not to have to decipher which items are vegan and which ones aren't.  I settled on the Mexicali Burger.  However, when I went to order I noticed the special...."The Big Wac".  What?!  This is what everyone has been talking about in the Green Facebook Group. You see, The Big Wac is basically the vegan version of the Big Mac.  It's not always available and absolutely everyone was raving about it.  I made the quick switch, ordered the Big Wac with fries and my husband ordered the Kung Pao bowl.Did the Big Wac live up to the rave reviews? Yes, and more! Although I admit I was never a huge burger person even prior to going veg this may be one of the best burgers I've had in my life.  Seriously.  My husband's meal was also tasty but after a nibble of my burger he immediately wished he had gone for the Big Wac too. Partnered with the yummy thin fries I had the perfect meal.I can't wait to return to have another fantastic meal!
5	why are people complaining about it not being healthy??? any other restaurant that serves veg food serves ultra healthy food. Green is filling a niche- vegan food that's not uber healthy. vegan food that you can take omnivores to HAPPILY. they've made no secret about what their food is like, you folks are idiots to come on here & give them a low rating cause a veg restaurant that makes no secret of having delicious, albeit not uber-healthy food actually has DELICIOUS, ALBEIT NOT UBER-HEALTHY food. seriously, idiots.
4	So every weekend, my husband and I have lengthy negotiations about where we are going to eat. He is a meat lover whereas I am a vegetarian so of course we can't agree on a place to eat, plus he is allergic to snooty "organic" places where an ok dish costs like a million dollars and everyone pretends to like it because it is "the" place to be.After reading reviews on Yelp and looking at the menu, we decided to give Green a try. I was crossing my fingers because anyway vegetarians don't have much of a choice when eating out. We ordered wings, a BBQ chicken burger and a Mexicali burger. The first wing the husband ate made him a convert; I was already in love with the food and the options and the price. The burgers were great and the fries were DELICIOUS!We've decided to make this place one we'll frequent. Love the ambience, the quick service and everything about it. Thank goodness for Green!
5	Amazing food!!  A separate gluten free vegan menu for those of us wanting to skip the wheat gluten.  I can't eat the tsoynamis, so the desserts here aren't as fun as the the Green in Phx that's next to Nami.  Even so, the food is to die for...especially the buffalo wings and chili fries.  OMG!  Besides the "junk" food tho', I love their sweet and sour chicken...yum!
5	amazing veggie-grain burger! my favorite place for friesthe barbecue 'faux' chicken burger is so damn good.... the sauce in incredible! yum
4	I like to think of Green as the fast food for the GI challenged.  Whether you're allergic to something, can't tolerate the taste of a particular item, curious of the spectrum of the V's world, drop by this hidden niche.  It's right beside Acme printing and has some pretty decent grub.  I love food but this is a different type of love as in I was hungry an hour later type love.  The food is pretty good with mock grass grazer type substitute which was part of the appeal and sparked my question of "if you can't eat something because you have a particular thought for the furry and cute why try the mock with the same name?"  Anywho personal thought integrated.  The service is very courteous and overall the restuarant is very community involved which is super nice as well.  More than just a place to grab food but also grab some local news!
3	The three stars is probably unfair because I'm not vegan. But I got a pad thai with tofu and I like tofu, lots of yummy veggies, noodles okay. My boys ordered pizza, some sort of cheese substitute I almost gaged when I tried it, the cheese was gross and the sauce sugary sweet. That was just inedible. My husband got a fake beef dish and that was actually the best out of them all. But if you are vegan why bother with fake beef? I don't get it.  I ordered an oatmeal cream pie it was like biting into a block of sugar. My kids loved it. Never again.
5	Today was my fourth visit to Green, I've tried something new each time.  I continue to be surprised how delicious vegan food can be.  The mock chicken is surprisingly good and I can't believe how good the doughboy is. I plan on trying everything on their menu.
5	Haven't tried a bad thing here yet!  This is a great place for nonvegetarians and vegetarians alike. The "mock" meat tastes just like the real thing.  Everyone I take there loves this place.  The atmosphere is super casual with couches to sit on as we'll as tables and booths. The service is always super quick and friendly.
4	I've been here on several occasions and I am always satisfied! Just pure vegan decadence.
5	Delicious! I have really been missing the wings from City o City since I moved here from the Midwest, but now I have a source of delicious vegan buffalo wings closer to home.  Aside from the wings, we tried a couple of noodle bowls, both of which were very good. One minor complaint was that some vegetables (I'm looking at you, carrots) were cut so large as to be unwieldy. Other than the food, they have a limited selection of vegan groceries and natural drinks. I was excited that they had harder to find beverages, like the non-root beer flavors of Virgil's.
4	The buffalo chicken wings are tremendous.the crab ragoons really could have been betterthe buffalo chicken po-boy and thee Argentinean po-boy we had the next morning and were very good cold though we recognized that warm they would have been absolutely delicious.(see my reviews of the other green location and nami for more about the menu!)
5	First off, I am not Vegan....not even slightly. I love myself a good slice of fish or some wholesome chicken like the next guy. However, I have shifted my lifestyle choices recently to a more healthy overall track. So keep that in mind when reading forward.Green is the first "mock" food joint I have ever eaten at. Considering the reviews of fellow Yelpers, I took my fiance over here to check it out. We both were cautiously optimistic about the abundance of options on the menu. Laura (my fiance) chose a mock meatball spaghetti, the Orecciette pasta. The mock meatballs tasted more like falafel than meat, however the sauce and earlobe pasta was amazing. Also added in were the veggies within the pasta....overall she really chose an awesome dish.I chose the seemingly popular Original "g" spicy po-boy sandwich, with curry pasta. Biting into the mock chicken, you could tell it was not real chicken per say..its obvious. BUT, the amazingly tasty flavors along with the buffalo sauce just run rampantly on your taste buds. The curry pasta I got as my side was as good, if not better than the sandwich itself...I could eat that curry pasta all day.So, with that said, two dishes tried, both tasted AMAZING. You can tell the food is not real, but does it matter when the food tastes so great? I'll answer that for you with a resounding no...no it doesn't matter. It gets 5 stars just for the fact that the culinary experience may be different, but the end result is significant satisfaction on multiple levels. Think about it:  its great for you, the soy products within are amazingly healthy and everything is organic for the most part when you eat here. I will definitely be making plans to set aside a few $'s just for a "Green Fund" so I can eat here at least a couple times a month. Will re-post when I try something else...perhaps the pizza??? Will update soon!!!
4	I've been here a few times for lunch. I'm dealing with food allergies (soy and gluten being one of them) so I'm a little limited. I can eat a couple of the salads and the coconut curry due to the overwhelming soy on the menu. I believe they have a decent number of gluten-free options if soy is not an issue. The few menu items I can eat are really good especially the green salad and the balsamic picnic salad. HOWEVER, I confirmed with the cook and staff the canola oil is NOT organic which means it is Genetically Engineered (GE) canola oil. You must ask what the oil is if you are ordering something that is cooked, sauteed, etc. To avoid the GMOs ask for EVOO or organic canola. I was told the soy is organic and should be free of GMOs. My meat loving brother and fiance LOVE the Big Wac and say it tastes better than a Big Mac.
4	I ordered the Texas "Moo Shroom" Po Boy and it was delicious. Portabella, caramelized onions, red peppers and espresso bbq sauce? UNF. Seriously though, that sauce was amazing. The thyme fries were perfectly seasoned and not at all greasy. They were a little thin and "stick-like" for my preference but I still ate all of them! That's the only reason I gave the place four stars instead of five. I had no complaints about the staff and my order was brought to my table in no time. I'll definitely be returning to Green!
4	I am a carnivore and I loved this place!!  I got the Spicy Peanut Salad.  It had a nice miso vinaigrette  dressing that wasn't too tangy but had a nice zip.  The salad was very fresh.  I wasn't wild about the texture of the mock chicken and the pieces were too large but, the flavor was good and definitely added to the salad.  We also split green hummus appetizer - OMG!!!  Definitely order that.  The pita chips are fried and nice and crispy....the hummus is a wonderful texture and the flavor tasted like more!  We also split the samosas which I wasn't as wild about.  I was expecting spicy Indian chutney type of samosas but instead, these were more sweet (picture apple turnovers) Middle Eastern type of somosas.  Not bad but not what I was hoping for.  The portions are large for the price and I left feeling very full.  I would definitely go back again and get the hummus and maybe try one of their curry bowls which looked really good.  Great value for the money and nice to know I was actually eating healthy for a change.
3	I'm definitely a meat eater, but this place was all right. I had the mock chicken which wasn't bad, I just wasn't very impressed with the bowl overall.I may give it a second try one day to try something else, but there's nothing really enticing about it.
5	Unbelievable i haven't put my 2 cents in about Green, despite being a frequent customer. this vegan restaurant is so adept at making non-chicken "chicken", you will swear they made a mistake. the first time i ate here, i for sure thought they put chicken in my sandwich but was assured it was not chicken. since then, i've tried a variety of their dishes from the noodle bowls to the "buffalo wings" to the "rib" dinner and have never been disappointed with any of my meals. Green is a testament that vegan/vegetarian meals don't have to consist of just a plate full of side dish vegetables. the prices are extremely reasonable and the interior decor is kind of like that "kitsh-industrial-hippy" look. customers order at the counter and the food is brought out quickly, and you self-serve drinks so the water glass is always full!
5	I am not a vegetarian nor a vegan, so I was unsure about going here. Their food was amazing!  After a friend raved about them, I thought I'd try it because I have a dairy and egg allergy, so I can't have alot of foods anymore. I had the creamy artichoke dip and the "beef" drunken mushroom bowl with lots of yummy veggies and pan fried noodles. The "beef" really tasted like the real thing! I wanted to try one of their desserts but I was full. Hmmm.... guess I need to make another trip  :-D
5	Modern bohemian atmosphere with hearty vegan menu that wont leave you empty. The spicy is not too spicy and the sauces are just right. Great place for good food.
3	I've been anxiously awaiting to try this place for months!I'll start with the good...I'm not a vegan by any stretch and I thought the food was phenomenal! I ordered the Singapore orange bowl with mock chicken and noodles...just wonderful! Seasoned well, fresh veggies, and the mock chicken was a very pleasant surprise. I was expecting it to taste and feel fake, but the taste and texture was just like chicken! My friend ordered the MAC and I swear it tasted exactly like a Big Mac from McDonald's! The thyme fries are delish as well!To top it off I had a cookie dough Tsoynami...OMG...amazing. Like a blizzard that tasted and had the texture similar to mochi. I loved it.So clearly the food is not the issue. I will come back despite the problems I'm about to list because the food is so good!The bad...I was not happy with the service I received. Not warm or friendly at all. I don't appreciate that smug hipster attitude. Sorry. And they don't serve a hot chai latte??? That was annoying. So I settled for tea and they forgot to give me my hot water and then acted annoyed when I asked for it.My tea cup was dirty. It had lipstick on it. Hello, we are in the middle of a flu outbreak right now! Not happy about that. It is expensive. $5 for some ice cream (the tsoynami)? You will not get your money's worth here.Not many options if you can't have soy. It is in practically everything.The food gave me horrible gas (sorry tmi). Not the fault of the place but just be aware if you're not used to vegan food. Maybe it was the mock chicken and/or tsoynami because I eat veggies all the time.
5	Best veggie restaurant in Arizona (not that the competition is stiff here in this cattle loving state, but Green could hold it's own even in more liberal territory). Faves: buffalo wings, chili fries, samosas, any of their po'boys, any of their vegan "shakes"Great place to take a meat eater to introduce them to fake meat options.
2	I feel like they're trying to compete with McDonald's or something with the new menu. The burgers are thin, full of mostly bread, and have too much sauce. I'm afraid the changes are not a move in a good direction. The Green Burger was good, healthy, and loved. Why get rid of it? I'm sad as I'm going to miss this place. Just can't eat this stuff anymore. :-(
5	Yummy! Yummy! Yummy! The Burgers are Delish! The Buffalo Chicken nuggets are FAB! The Soft serve is AMAZING!  So glad my bestie introduced me to this gem! Can't wait to go back and try some more awesome food!
5	Holy mother of veganism this place rocks!I'm an occasional meat eater and not ashamed about admitting it. But going to this place makes every carnivorous instinct in my body shrivel with shame. If more places like this exist, there would be no more meat-eaters in the world. I know it.Seriously, every dish I've had here beats its non-vegetarian counterpart by several strides. The fake chicken tastes better than real chicken, especially when it's seasoned so well here. Everything from the eggless spring rolls to the "fake" meat bowls and flatbread pizzas is wonderful. Top any dish with endless toppings for just $1 and finish your meal with a tsoynami dessert.I only wish there's a place that is equally delicious in San Francisco. There probably is, but I just can't seem to find it...-----Distinguishing factor: This gem offers some of the best vegan dishes you will ever have. Especially in AZ.
5	There aren't many options for vegetarian in the Valley, and so there aren't many points of reference for Green.  Regardless, everything I've tried on the menu is very, very good.
5	It says a lot when a meat eater like myself will visit this vegan restaurant again and again. I have never had a bad meal here. Everything has been great from the original G spicy po' boy to the no harm chicken parm or the big wac that is a vegan take on the McDonald's Big Mac. They have salads, sandwiches, burgers, pitas, and all types of food from American to Asian, to Italian and more. They cary the best micro brewed sodas i have ever had. The prices are very reasonable and the employees are always very nice and give great customer service. Today I had Wendy's Pickle which is a breaded mock chicken cutlet with southern style spicy mayo and dill pickles.  The bread is so soft and delicious you would never guess it was made without milk or eggs. The cutlet looks and tastes so much like chicken that you don't miss the chicken at all. Add in the spicy and creamy mayo, and pickles and you have a fantastic lunch that would make anyone jealous wether they are vegan, vegetarian or a carnivore. The dish is served with thyme fries, tahini coleslaw or fresh fruit. I got the fries this time but I have tried the other sides and they are also great. The fries are long shoe string fries that are perfectly fried and have the best potato flavor with a crispy yet soft texture that makes you want to slam them in your face to keep the happiness going as long as possible. My total bill was $9.25 after tax. My vegetarian wife turned me (her meat loving husband) onto this place and I have come here more times without her than I have with her. That is how good this place is. It is an unpretentious restaurant with quality food. You will love it!
4	The food at Green was impressively similar to the things they're fakes of. I'm surprised someone said portions were large, they were quite the opposite. I can't imagine eating here often, the food definitely isn't healthy, if you eat whole plant foods, you'll be reminded for a couple days :-/. I was shocked when I asked if there were tree nuts (allergic-not deadly just painful) in anything I wanted to order, it took a while for them to find out & didn't sound sure or convincing (playing with fire). Don't get me wrong, the food is delicious and it's nice for transitioning into veganism or satiating cravings if you need to.
5	Ooops...I haven't reviewed Green yet. No bother, if you're reading this you're already curious about the place, and should stop in already.This place is Mecca for Vegetarians in the East Valley, as vegetarian spots/options are hard to come by out there. Their mock "meat" is especially great... with just the right texture, perfectly absorbing the sauce or spices it accompanies.My favorites: Spicy Mock Chicken Salad - Filling, spicy, freshThe Samosas - Sweet/tangy flakeyBalsamic Picnic Salad - Berries berries berries!Tsoynamis - You MUST Get one...get one...just do it.Now, the carnivores I've taken here are especially fond of the mock-meat bowls. So...anyone you take here should come away satisfied.They also have Brunch on Sundays with awesome vegetarian options like, a long missed favorite of mine: Eggs Benedict.Thank you Mr. Damon Brasch.
3	The food is good.  They put a little thought into their offerings.  If you like meat, I recommend you avoid the 'mock"; no matter the form, mock does not taste like chicken.  If you're a mock eater, you already know Green.Mike
5	Okay it is UNBELIEVABLE how much I am in love with this restaurant. I was introduced by a friend last year, and now I go every chance I get. I live in north phx, so green is a little further away from me, but it is totally worth the drive. I've tried basically everything on the menu but my favorite dishes have to be the secret chicken BBQ sandwich and the spicy buffalo wings. I used to eat meat but for the past 5 years I have been a vegetarian. I used to miss meat but after I found Green, I stopped having a craving to eat meat. Actually the food at Green is SO MUCH better than any other meats I've had. My best friend is a full on meat lover, but one day I made her come with me to Green. She was a little skeptical at first but to her surprise she absolutely loved it. So even if you aren't a vegan or vegetarian, this is a must try.oh and a little side note, the service is so amazing. The employees are so nice and caring. You can tell they really love their job. Also everything inside the restaurant is recyclable stuff.. so it is pretty interesting to look around the place while you are waiting for your food.
5	Amazing.  Simply AMAZING food.
5	I have no complaints at all on this one. My first time here and I tried the Thai Chicken. It was very good, staff is wonderful. I hope to come back to this area again to try out more on the menu.
5	The cuisine at Green isn't exclusive to any one class of food other than it is vegan, so there are many options to please even the most prejudice of appetites. Green hosts a very casual setting that can accommodate couples and groups just the same. The strings of sparkling lights strung throughout compliment the bright and friendly staff AND the prices are more than fair for what you are getting; good wholesome food. I ate the "green" burger which is made up of house ground & packed oats & barley veggie burger with lettuce, tomato, vegan mayo, ketchup and pickles. It comes with your choice of fries (thyme), pasta salad, coleslaw (tahini), or fresh fruit. Bravo Green.
5	This place is delicious! At first when my friends said they wanted to go to a vegan restaurant, I was against the idea as I am a firm believer you need some type of meat with each meal.  I could not have been more wrong, everything at Green in delicious, it is easily one of my favorite restaurants in the area.
5	Awesome food.  Staff was equally as great!  Didn't catch the girls name that had helped me, she had red hair, but she helpful and very sweet.  Two thumbs up!  I'll be back and bringing friends.
2	I appreciate the authentic taste of my veggies so I was disappointed (three times in a row) with the food being so damn salty.  Perhaps this is their way of enticing tofu-fearing peeps by loading every dish with an abundant amount of soy sauce.  It was almost as bad as tasting ocean water.  Every bite was overwhelmingly unbearable.  If salty sea water is your thing, then this is your place to indulge.  The best thing about Green is the "soy-based" ice cream: but that's probably because it wasn't so salty as the rest of the menu.  Oh, and the food gave my friend the terrible runs.  Ouch! Something to consider if you're not into "mock meat".
2	My husband and I are vegetarians, and make a point of eating at local veg establishments when we travel. I was very excited when I saw the website for Green...it really looked intriguing. We've been fortunate to have been able to dine in a lot of really, really, good vegan establishments, so we have pretty high expectations. The days when "vegan" meant "bland," "underseasoned," "hippy" cuisine are long past, or so we thought. I guess there are still some places out there that are stuck in the 70s...definitely Green fits that description.I was a bit taken aback, after looking at the website and reading about "Chef Damon's" vision, to find myself in a tiny hole in the wall waiting in line for counter service, though I could have gotten past that had the food been stellar. I was further taken aback to discover that the place apparently doesn't have a liquor license...the only drink alternatives were bottled and cannned sodas from the cooler and a couple of fruity iced teas.Still, if the food had been good...I ordered something that isn't on the on-line menu. It was described as blackened faux chicken in a grilled pita with lettuce, tomato, and tahini. My husband ordered the Argentine Po'Boy with Thyme Fries. We also ordered some samosas to share. We both, reluctantly, grabbed bottled drinks from the cooler.Almost immediately after we'd sat down, my sandwich and the order of samosas came out of the kitchen. We waited for a bit, thinking that surely my husband's sandwich would be along shortly, but after several minutes of waiting, tucked into the samosas. They were OK...not bad; nothing to write home about. To be honest, they tasted as if they'd come out of a freezer box. Any Indian restaurant can do them better, and if you don't absolutely have to be dairy free, that's where I'd recommend you go, if samosas are what you're craving.The samosas consumed, we sat, and sat some more. My husband finally urged me to get started on my sandwich, which was rapidly cooling, and we both tried a bite of the faux chicken. It was, I have to say, really unpleasant. There was no sign of any blackening seasonings having been used...no sign of any seasoning at all, really. It had an oddly fishy taste to it (too much seaweed in the kombu, maybe?), and was much tougher than most chicken analogs. The pita (which was actually flatbread) didn't appear to have been grilled at all...it was dried out to the point of being crunchy, and there were no grill marks on it at all. The only real flavor in the sandwich (other than the odd, fishy, taste of the analog) came from the tahini. I finally gave up on the whole thing as not being worth the effort of chewing.My husband's sandwich finally came out, well after I'd given up on mine. I took a bite of the faux beef, and it was OK. It reminded me of the faux beef strips you can buy at Trader Joes. The fries that came with were nicely crispy (shoestring style), but there was not even a hint of thyme about them. They'd do best to just call them "French Fries" and have done with it.My take? If you're a vegetarian, you'd do better to eat at Lalibela. If you're a vegan...well, this place will keep you alive, but you'll pay more than it's worth and, if you're familiar with really good vegan cuisine, you won't be happy with it. If this is the best Scottsdale has to offer vegans, you're better off cooking at home.
5	The food: I have had all sorts of things from the menu - the "chicken" sandwiches are amazing. The no harm chicken parm and the bbq chicken. YUMMMM! The bowls are tasty and satisfying. The chili fries are a nice treat. My favorite dessert is the chocolate peanut butter bar. Drooling just thinking about it. They also sell vegan products like fake cheese, cookies, grains, etc. You don't have a server, you order at the counter, get a number and someone brings out your food. They do have a tip jar at the counter. TIP THE STAFF! They are all nice and friendly there and will help you if you're stuck figuring out what to get. I've never been disappointed. I've gone many times when I lived in Phoenix and made a point to go back on a recent visit. Will eat here every time I'm in town.The actual place: The vibe inside is casual and low key. The walls and furniture are bright and colorful. They have booths, tables and couches (my favorite corner). Very cozy. Limited outdoor seating when the weather is nice.
1	We were very excited to try Green since there aren't very many vegan restaurants around the Valley.  Unfortunately, we were highly disappointed!  Because so many people in reviews raved about the hot wings we decided we had to give them a try.  We neither one could eat them, they were hard and dry with very little taste to them.  We also tried the eggless rolls which were ok however very greasy.  We were surprised to have the BBQ bacon burger that we shared come out with a white bun instead of whole wheat.  I don't understand why the Chef/Owner quit with the healthy aspect of a vegetarian/vegan menu and put in a processed white flour bun!  I realize there are vegans who do eat gluten products, however there are those of us who prefer to eat gluten free.  I have never written a bad reveiw of a restaurant before so I feel very bad about this, but I felt I needed to.
5	Wings are awesome!Big Wac tastes just like a Big Mac!
5	The best food: tasty, fresh, reasonably priced, served in a totally unpretentious setting. Great selection of dishes and drinks. The vibe is very laid back. The last time we were there a group of bikers parked their choppers in the parking lot, came in and chowed down on some real vegan treats. Very copasetic!!
3	I'm not a vegetarian, but i like eating healthy. The food here is good for vegetarian food. I usually just get one of there veggie burgers, but I don't like the fake cheese. I think it is daiya cheese. I need to make sure I don't get it next time. It's a bit pricey, but fake healthy food is expensive. If you are a vegetarian you'd love this place, but I still like eating meat so this place is just OK for me.
4	New american veggie restaurant. ...pretty darn good! The fake meat is cooked well and has a good texture. We ordered the bowls, one with noddles and the other with brown rice and both were full of flavor and did not taste like what you would normally expect out of a vegetarian restaurant...it didn't tasty "healthy", it tasted good. We also got the spicy edamame.Love the taste and the flavor, only flaw is the price point. I would come here again, but if the price was $2 dollars less on each item, I would come here at least once a week.
5	Great veg restaurant. Ate here three different times during my trip to the Southwest. The Big Wac is where it's at. The combination of sesame seed bun, the pickles, the sauce, the thinner burgers, and a side of skinny fries is eerily satisfying in that nostalgic McDonald's kind of way.The BBQ chicken sandwich was pretty solid. I stole some of my friend's peanut tofu and noodles... they were pretty good too.I split a Tsoynami - I think it was the smores one. It was good, for being vegan.
5	You know what. Im not even going to write a long detailed review. If you are a vegetarian/vegan. Go hereSimple as that. You will not be dissapointed.Beware you will probably come back a dozen more times.
5	I honestly end up at Green every few weeks. I love the atmosphere, service and food. Whether you're vegan or not you will enjoy their food (I brought my non-vegan grandparents here for my birthday and they could not get over how amazing vegan food can taste). The menu is great and there is something for ANY mood. Although you've GOT to try the "crab" puffs. Also- tsoynami. Enough said.
4	I live in Tucson. Sorry to say it, but the one vegan restaurant here in town (Lovin' Spoonfuls), as hard as they try, doesn't hit the mark like Green does. I've been patiently waiting to incorporate a visit to Green into my usually busy and brief stays in Phoenix. Today was the day and I was not let down. Started off with the buffalo wings and artichoke gratin. The wings and ranch dip were fantastic. The wing sauce itself was a true standout and the ranch was as about as authentic as a vegan version could be. The artichoke dip was ok but not stellar. It was a bit soupy and probably would make a better sauce than anything else. For the main, I had to go with the Big WAC. It was at this point that I found myself in vegan nirvana. My high hopes for this plant based version of the American fav were exceeded. It tasted somewhere between the Big Mac and In n Out Double Double that I enjoyed so much in my omni days. A carnivore could easily be deceived by the tastes and textures of this burger. Towards my last couple of bites I felt a strange sadness knowing that I would have to drive 100 miles to have this treat again. The fries were good but there was no trace of thyme on them which for a thyme lover, is kind of a let down. All in all, I suspected that I was going to love Green. And my suspicion was correct. I can see myself frequenting Phoenix much more often because of this gem of an eatery. And contrary to previous reviews, I did not witness a cooler than thou, hipster attitude from the staff. The girl at the counter was very friendly and patient and several employees came by the table to check up on us. Keeping my fingers crossed for a Tucson location down the road.
5	So love this place ! Amazing food and cool atmosphere ! Plus owner donates to animal charities ... Can't get better than this
5	Came here to grab a quick bite with our daughter before our tour at ASU.  She loves vegetarian and vegan food and this place did not disappoint! She had the Thai peanut bowl with noodles and tofu, I had the same but with mock chicken and my husband had the curry bowl with rice and mock chicken. They were all large portions and the flavors were great.  My husband's was a little dry so he asked for more sauce which they brought right out.  We all agreed we would definitely come back again.
5	Today I took a continuing education course at Sky Song which lasted for 8 hours. I knew the snacks I packed would only hold me over for a couple of hours. i was pleasantly surprised when a classmate found this place.I ordered the samosa appetizer that came with a cinnamony dipping sauce. This is the first time I've had samosas that were not heavy & greasy. My main meal was the lemon pesto with mock chicken (carrots & zucchini were thrown in). Everything taste sooooo good. The pesto was so lemony and the mock chicken taste like chicken. It's been a really long time since I've had chicken and I hadn't realized how much I missed it. I'm taking another continuing education course next month and can't wait to eat here again.
5	I am an avid meat eater - I love love love beef! My vegan friend had a birthday dinner at Green and was advised to try the burger. I was highly skeptical of this advice because of course I've tried veggie burgers before and they never imitate the real thing very well. Well I was ASTONISHED! Green has perfected the art of fake meat - the burger was delicious and I could not believe that I was enjoying a veggie burger! It was even pink inside. Perfectly seasoned. I highly recommend it!
4	Really fantastic food in a fun, airy atmosphere. There's a beautiful motto about friendliness painted on one wall, which unfortunately I don't think any of the staff has ever had the time to read, seeing as they all seemed to be too busy proving exactly how many rungs they were ahead of us on the ladder of cool.
5	trying vegetarian food for the first time? green is the place to go. they have a lot of fake meat products which can make it easy for guests to want to try the food. but let me tell you, you can't really go wrong with the menu. all the food is delicious, ESPECIALLY the wings and the chili fries. they also have tsoynami desserts and fresh made cookies. if the oatmeal creme pie cookies are there, buy one for $4... it's giant and worth it. the service is also pretty fast and the staff is very nice. the parking lot is not the biggest, but you can usually find a space easily.
5	Yes.Yes.A thousand times yes.Some of my non-stand-bys are hit-or-miss, but this is the perfect comfort food for anyone on the meat-eating spectrum. Note: do not read "vegan" as "healthy". It's comfort food, which means in all likelihood it is greasy, cheezy (with a z because it's not real cheese), and food-coma-inducing.Maybe I'm crazy, but I think the staff here is nicer than at the Scottsdale location.You can easily drop $15 on a casual meal/drink/add-ons, which is my only beef (ba-dum-CHA) with this place. Ingredients are good, and the "meat" is all made in-house (none of that weird packaged, preservative stuff), so I don't think it's totally unreasonable. This place has a cult following and national veg cred for a reason.HITSOriginal G Po BoyBig WacNo Harm Chicken ParmCole slaw (peanut - can get it as a side with most sandwiches)Drunken Mongolian bowlVegan WingsPeanut TofuChili friesEggless rollsMac and cheese (on the kids menu... try it WITH the wings. Uh-ma-zing.)Chicken tenders (also kids menu)If there's a special, always get it, because 90% of the time, it will be your new favorite.LESS OF A HITSamosasArgentine po boyOmnivore tested, vegan approved.
4	The artichoke chicken salad is great! And the almond milk milkshakes are a guilty pleasure of mine. :)
3	I'm vegan and love having vegan options.  They just changed their menu a bit and I miss the pizzas.  The prices are a bit high, but I find myself ordering so much food when I go there.  Appetizer, meal, drink, and an amazing Soynami.  I don't care for mock meats and that seems to be the direction these restaurants are headed.  I'm vegan because I don't like the idea of eating animal products.
5	As a vegetarian, this place is AMAZING. As a person that loves cheese (sorry! I'm working on it)... the Mac and Cheese doesn't really meet the standards...BUT! I can go out and enjoy incredibly tasty hot wings, and thats just the best thing ever. Their drinks are great, their crab puffs are super tasty, and the eggless rolls are great. I wish I could eat here daily for lunch.
4	Absolutely loved this place!!! The buffalo wings are addictive and yes possibly not the healthiest thing on the menu but dang they are tasty! I will say the wait is crazy when they get busy and it's annoying having to wait for people to get up so you can sit down.... We were nice to offer part of our table to another couple that was looking for a seat, but I guess our table was tiny. Luckily it planted a seed and another couple offered them a place at their table that was bigger.  Besides the seating and the wait for the food, there was so much that we wanted to try! The spicy edamame was great! I ordered the Curry noodles, they were nice and a great portion! My boyfriend ordered the fake CHicken Parm Sandwich... he liked it and had no complaints. I would highly recommend that you try the fake buffalo wings, they were so damn tasty that we tried to venture back to get another fix before we headed to airport, sadly they were closed ! :(
5	How I love this place.. Living in the city of healthy, organic, locally grown, vegan, gluten free, gmo free, certified rabbit food (aka San Francisco)... I've been to a few of these types of restaurants.  This place has all the healthy entrees one could want without the "flair" of a pretentious hipster taking your order.  Best of all everything on the menu looks good.  They simply make things that people like without trying to "reinvent the wheel" with some sort crazy food combination/fusion.  I always enjoy eating at a place without having to read some detailed instructions from the chef on how the proper way of eating it should be for the best flavor. (Yes, it's happened)Since I'm not entirely used to Arizona's 6 degrees hotter than hell heat I have gotten the tsoynamis and their peanut butter and chocolate crack bar.  It's the perfect fix for that sweet tooth craving that I get from time to time, or in this case three or four times this week.  I'm coming back tomorrow for lunch with my beautiful wife and I'm going for the buffalo "wings" because they've been calling me day and night.  This place is worth the 673 mile drive and the only bad thing I can say about it is that once I leave this weekend I'm going to crave this place.  Green, you've been good to me this week, you damn well better be here when I come back and don't change a thing!
5	I have been to Green many times and didn't write a review, but they have been helpful for me so I wanted to make sure to help others.First of all, this restaurant is 100 percent vegan (although it's called Green Vegetarian).  I don't go to green when I want to have a salad or cold sandwich because I can make that at home.  This place serves delicious comfort food.  By comfort, I don't mean greasy or fattening, but don't go here if you're calorie conscious.  This is a great place to take friends and family who are not vegan or vegetarian because the food tastes so "normal."  Green has the best mock chicken and mock beef I have ever had anywhere in the country (so far).All of the sandwiches/burgers are to die for.  The thyme fries are great but if you want to keep it on the healthier side, go for the tahini coleslaw as a side option--it may be my favorite dish at Green.Before I was vegan--more than five years ago--I didn't care for chicken wings but after years of watching other people scarf tens at a time, I grew a desire for them.  I have ordered them in bulk and meat lovers cannot taste the difference.  They are delicious and served with cucumber ranch and veggies.  I think I misspoke when I said the tahini slaw was my fave because I think this one might be it.I've had the samosas and couldn't tell you anything good (or bad) about them.  They just left me with no impression.The bowls are good but simple.  I feel like I can get similar dishes at other places so I would rather have something more exciting.  But if you're in the mood for something like that with the delicious mock meats, go for one of these. I usually go to Green for its specials, which are posted on Facebook. They've been some of my favorite dishes and are usually delicious! I have yet to try a dessert because I'm always full when I leave but make sure to try one of the tsoynamis.  They are light and a perfect end to a great meal.  I always get the almond oy vey and substitute the chocolate with bananas. Nom.This is the best vegan or vegetarian restaurant in the greater Phoenix are.  I would highly recommend going there whether you are vegetarian/vegan or not.Enjoy!
2	Food was very good.Customer service was TERRIBLE!! No one person even said HELLO, or made us feel welcomed with ever a smile.
5	Best tofu ever ! Had a wonderful flavor from the minced veggies mixed inside of it.  Awesome drink selection - good prices - cute atmosphere - can't wait to go back !
4	Great for hanging out with your vegan and vegetarian friends
4	I'm loving this place. I hate that it is so far from where I stay they should open a location in the east valley. Tsoynami Cookies & Cream so yummy!
4	I found this place by accident today when I made a wrong turn. Very cool place!The atmosphere is fun and edgy, the employees are cool, friendly and helpful and the food is REALLY good!I had the Singapore Orange Bowl with House Tofu. I chose brown rice over noodles although I'm not crazy about either. The proportion or vegetables and tofu to rice was very high. A nice surprise! The rice was on the bottom of the bowl kind of like a small garnish, not a boat load of rice to make up for lack of veggies.  I had a Creamsicle Flavor Soynami which was awesome! This is my new favorite place! I want to try more things on the menu sometime very soon.The only reason why I wouldn't give it 5 stars is the restroom was kind of dim and base. I couldn't figure out how to work the faucet but otherwise, I had a stellar experience there and would highly recommend it.
5	Green is by far one my favorite restaurants in the valley!  I've been a pescetarian for about 10 years but I try to eat vegetarian when I can.  If every restaurant was like Green, I would have no trouble!  Even my carnivore boyfriend loves their food, especially the Original 'G'!  I've rarely had something there that I don't love and most of the people I've dragged with me have said the same.  Do yourself a favor and try one of their sandwiches ASAP and don't forget the thyme fries!  YUM!
5	Have been a regular here off and on over the past several years as my schedule allows. Everything is great and the staff is welcoming. I love the original G sandwich with fruit as a side and a soynami as a treat while I wait for my food or catch up with a friend. It can be busy at lunch and dinner for those who are new. Don't let this discourage you. It's a great place.
4	I visited green vegetarian today with my aunt and my cousin for my cousin's birthday. I have never been to a completely vegan restaurant before and it was wonderful! They serve all different kinds of cuisine there, and they even have appropriate kids meals (macaroni and cheese, chicken nuggets...). There is sure to be something for everyone at green vegetarian!"Cream cheese rangoons" would probably be a more suitable name for the crab puffs. They had barely any fake crab meat in them, and were mostly just cream cheese. Would not recommend getting them if you're looking for actual crab puffs.My cousin got a barbecue chicken sandwich with thyme fries on the side. She let me have some and I found them to be very good. The thyme isn't very noticeable but they were thin, crispy, and lightly salted. Definitely better than just any old fries!I got the Drunken Mongolian bowl which comes with portobello mushrooms, carrots, zucchini, broccoli, your choice of noodles or brown rice, and your choice of chicken, beef, house tofu, or tofu. I got it with beef and the texture was EXACTLY like that of real beef. The carrots in the bowl were a little undercooked but the sauce it came with was exceptional. For the most part it was a wonderful meal and I would definitely get it again.I ordered a fruity tsoynami with mixed berries and mangos before I left and I'm actually still eating it as I write this! It has a tiny bit of a chalky aftertaste and they also could have added more fruit considering it was $5 but besides that it's still very good.All in all, green vegetarian is a really nice restaurant with a great atmosphere and great food and I look forward to returning there!
5	This restaurant is hard to find tucked away in a strip mall, but it was well worth looking for. I had a "burger" and it was awesome!  I will definitely go back.
5	Simply delicious. Definitely on the expensive side though!
4	Great vegetarian restaurant- reminded me of being back in college, and maybe that's because of all the college students in the place. That, and there is no waitstaff- just stand in line to order and someone will bring the food out to you.The atmosphere didn't make me feel super comfortable- I'm not sure why. Next time I will probably order take out. Artichoke Gratine. Remember that. Cheesy and creamy and just a touch spicy. The crab puffs were also a huge hit. I wouldn't have known the difference between the real thing and this dish.The majority of people in the restaurant were eating a yummy-looking milkshake/sundae concoction, but I never found out what it was. Next time I come back, I'll have to try one.
5	My friends and I have visited two of the locations while in town, and we love Green! The food is fresh and delicious, and there are lots of tasty beverages to choose from. I LOVE the house tofu, which is battered and lightly fried.Be warned: it can get very busy around lunch time, but it's well worth the wait!
5	I couldn't agree more about wanting to give this place more stars! My husband and I (just recently vegetarians) met a good friend (a life-time vegetarian) at Green for dinner last night, and WOW were we impressed!There was a constant flow of customers in and out in the 2 hours were sat, ate and talked. You order at the counter and your food is brought to you; the line moved fast and the food was fast to come out of the kitchen piping hotWe started with the "buffalo" wings - the sauce was super flavorful and the dipping sauce was sooo good we ordered more to go with our mealsI had the "Wendy Pickle" - closest vegetarian Chik-Fil-A sandwich ever! It was so flavorful and the fries that came with it were great!My husband had the "Big Wac" - vegetarian version of the Big Mac - he said it was amazing!To finish it off we had the Dough Boy for dessert - YUM YUM YUM!!!We cannot wait to go back :)
4	I love green.  I had the "chicken" made from tofu and it was really good.  I think I actually liked it better than regular chicken.  Green is awesome!
5	The Vegan Chili Fries were bomb! The Calexico Burger was delicious, and I had a Kitty Diddy tSoynami and I just couldn't get enough of it...I will def be coming here more often
5	YUM-DIDDLY. This place hits the spot. It's kind of hidden in a little strip mall off of Scottsdale so make sure you are keeping your eyes peeled when you're looking for it. Everything I've ever had here has been good. I loved it when I was a vegetarian and I love it now that I'm not. It was definitely hard to convince some meat eaters to come to a vegan place but once I got them there they all loved it. I don't know how this chef does it but all of the mock meat tastes so real its crazy. I think the Calexico burger is my favorite thing that I've tried thus far but the menu is pretty big so I still have a lot of ground to cover. The bowls and the po boys are the bomb too and so are the crab puffs. I've only tried one of the soynamis (I think it was a PB&J one) but it was soooo good. I always go with the intention of getting one but then I'm too full after eating my main meal that I just can't do it, rough life. I'll have to go back one of these 115 degree days and go solely for that reason. Also, I've seen some vegan jerky in there that I've wanted to try before. And they usually have a really good special of the day. One thing to note is don't expect that it's going to be some super crazy healthy vegan place. I would classify this more as vegan comfort food. NOM.
4	Just had my first lunch at Green, and I'm completely stuffed, and deliriously happy! The food is awesome, and I kept forgetting that it was all Vegan! I had the black jack pita, which was great. They added artichokes to the wrap, and it was filling and had tons of great flavor. The only thing I didn't get was the thyme fries. I didn't taste the thyme. That being said, I didn't go there for the fries. James shared his Big Wac with me, and I wished I had ordered the same. It's all in the sauce, it tastes like a real-deal Big Mac. To drink, I wanted to try their Berry Lemonade, and it was the perfect summer drink. I also tried the Lime. Very tasty, and not as sweet as the lemonade. I'll get that one again for sure. For our after lunch treat, we shared a Peanut Butter bar, and an incredible Tsoynami shake. Both were amazing, we were impressed at how well each item was prepared. I need to take better care next time, because I could very easily pack on the pounds at this place.I will definitely go back to this place. Hopefully next week!
2	First: The food tastes all right, albeit very salty. However, after eating here for some time I had to stop. Unsure if it's the salt content or the amount of processed ingredients, but I feel terrible after eating here. Which is sad, because I have a soft spot for the po'boy.Sum up: if you don't mind indulging in junk food that's still vegan, this is a good place. It's convenient, it's fast, and it's pretty relaxed. But if you're looking for something nutritious and clean, there are other places.
4	This place is exactly what they claim to be.....vegan comfort food.  Went with my mom who was visiting from out of town.  The Big Wack tasted just like a Big Mac...and the thyme fries were thin and crispy and perfect!  The tahini coleslaw was also very good.  The Calexico burger was good, but not as good as the Big Wack.  We also had the artichoke gratin.  Good, but probably wouldn't order it again.We had lunch there again the following day because there were other menu items we wanted to try, and were we're so full from our burgers the previous day that we didn't have room for a soynami.  This time we tried the Singapore orange bowl with house tofu and brown rice, and the Kung pow with house tofu and noodles.  Both were really good, but the Singapore orange was better, as was he rice.  Lots of veggies and tofu cooked perfectly.  We even had room to share a soynami made with homemade vegan kit kats and chocolate syrup.  It was really good...although the kit kat could have been chopped smaller.All in all, really yummy.  Not health food by any means....and quite salty, but yummy still.
4	Health conscious good food. Not expensive. Friendly casual atmosphere.
5	Chicken wings that aren't chicken? Meatballs that aren't meat? How could this be? I'll tell you how: it could be I've found my new love...meatless meat. If I were blindfolded I would not have know I wasn't eating meat. Full of flavor, full of texture, a thing of beauty. The menu is an amazing assortment of delights...I have been here six times in 4 weeks, and now find myself ordering 3 or 4 mains so I can have stuff to take home. Great soda selection, and a neat little grocery area to boot. I can't wait to go there tomorrow!
5	The have amazing food, vegeterian or vegans dream. Their mock chicken wings are delish! Definately will be there as much as possible.
4	Love it here. I feel like it's a little piece of heaven! They have tons of great vegan/vegetarian options...so much so that you carnivorisaurs will still love it.The calexico burger...omg. DO it!! Right now! The hummus is so flavorful and amazing. The "burger" itself is a little spicy, but perfectly seasoned. And for you usual meat lovers, I recommend the argentine po-boy. You won;t even notice there isn't meat in it. Trust me.And save room for a soy-nami. Lots of room, these things are massive. Or share one, because after about 6-7 bites into it you might feel ready to explode. Yes, I know from personal experience.
5	I love this place!  The best mock-chicken i've ever had - totally addicted :-)
3	I was hungry and decided to try out the Green in Tempe because my experience at the one in Phoenix was a long time ago, but very good from the memories I recalled. We drove and found parking (slightly tight, because this place is busy and there are spots but not too many of them lying around) and proceeded to head in.It was about 2:30PM at this point, so I assumed it would be settled down after a lunch rush. No such thing. This place was full, busy, and still churning out food like it never had been slow to begin with. That is a great start in my books.We (I dragged my fella in tow for this stop) headed up to the counter and grabbed a menu and looked through what to get. When the line moved up and it was our turn we ordered, paid, and took a number to place on a table of our choosing. The staff was pleasant, although fairly quiet, but they moved us along politely and we waited.While waiting for the food, we bought beverages which you can either grab from their fridge, or choose from 4 refillable drinks. We choose the refillable drinks and chugged away.Green Tea (strong, deep flavor), Lemonade (mild lemon taste, not a ton of sugar), Limeade with Ginger (lime was a good taste, could not taste ginger), and I believe it is called Virmto (a medium weight beverage tasting like cherries, weirdly addicting, you should have a taste)They bring our food and it was filling and just enough for lunch.Spicy Buffalo "Wings" ($5.00)For those that don't like spice this was not too bad. It had more components of vinegar to the spice than actual heat. The "wings" were great soy chicken substitutes and I did not miss actual chicken in this. If the tartness of these is too much then go ahead and dunk them in the Vegan Cucumber Ranch that comes with it. It was some yummy ranch!Artichoke Chicken Salad ($6.00/$9/00)We ended up getting the small salad and that was plenty for him and I to split. There was a Lemon-Tahini dressing that brightened up the greens very well, the salad leaves were dark & crisp, big pieces of artichoke strewn throughout the salad, and again the soy chicken was fantastic. You can tell it is fake with further inspection, regardless it still tastes fantastic (this was also prepared differently than the wings, it was a longer flat pieces where the wings were more like clusters of soy chicken).  Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich ($8.50)The chicken is prepared the same way in this sandwich as it was in the salad. The BBQ sauce had a tiny (I mean tiny) kick to it and was slightly messy to eat. Prepare for a burger stance with this one (elbows kicked out, looming over the sandwich aggressively). The Tahini Cole-Slaw was good, but had a lot of tahini and peanuts which overpowered the cabbage for me. The downside to the sandwich was the bun. The bun was a plain burger bun that was slightly stale and not that flavorable. The dryness of the bun against the sticky bbq sauce made a consistency that liked to get stuck in my mouth. Not the classiest thing to fix in front of other people, mind you.With eating this food there were people that continued to come and go from the building non stop. The atmosphere is a bit hipster (staff was polite, but other guests really liked themselves and it was obvious) though I saw many suits, parents, and bros hanging out. Good melting pot!Overall I think this place had great food, cheap prices, manageable crowds, and I could go back easily to try more items. Stay tuned, I need to go get a Tsoynami.Cheers,Messy Papers.
5	Best buffalo "chicken" wings ever.
4	Best authentic vegan/American cuisine ever!!! I can't stop going for their Big Whack burger!!!! So bad, but SOOO GOOD!!! Thank you for existing Green!!! Super happy to have found ya! I have not tried the Asiany dishes yet cause I'm stuck on this sandwich. But having been to vegans places in LA, this one tops as one of the best!! Place could be a little cleaner as far as the tables being wiped, but other than that, no complaints! Staff is usually nice too. Open one in Fountain Hills!! Or some place close to that!! Haa haa...
5	I am not a vegetarian and this place was fantastic.  I didn't miss the meat AT ALL. I had the peanut noodle bowl with fried tofu and my family had meatless chicken sandwiches.  We had the meatless chicken wings as an appetizer - they were spicy and flavorful.  As a bonus, the restaurant has a fun vibe.   I'd definitely go back!!
3	The food here is just ok. Disappointing after reading most reviews. We tried 5 different dishes and all were pretty bland. The best item was hummus. Service was good and everyone was friendly, but the food just didn't stand out.
3	This was my first visit to this location, experienced the other shop a few months ago. I like the parking availability better more at this one, but the inside decor of the other location better. For lunch, I ordered the Big Wac on a GF bun. I was told the patties aren't completely GF. Since high doses of wheat are more a problem for me, I gave it a shot. Truth be told, it was the authentic flavor of a "Big *ac" from the other guys, but the texture was a bit off and the GF bun was SUPER HEAVY on my tummy :/ I ended up eating the second half of the burger with no bun. It came with fries (or I got it with fries, can't remember the menu layout) and they were scrumptious! The staff was super friendly and accommodating as I asked my customary handful of questions! Go there to check out the fun menu!This visit was on 4/20/13.
5	I have recently become vegetarian after my last Green review. Today, I tried the Big Wac at Green. It was so good and tastes pretty much like a Big Mac! I saved my appetite all day for dinner, and let me tell you, I still was not able to finish my meal! They really give you plenty of food to fill you up! I used to eat meat with EVERYTHING, but let me tell you, I don't even miss meat with the mock-meat at Green. I pay a pretty penny for a meal at Green, but it is definitely worth every cent. If I ever get a craving for a filling yummy meal and I don't want to cook, Green is where I run to!
5	This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix hands down! Everything is amazing and I can bring my non-vegan friends and they leave satisfied! Get the red diablo, it's perfection! Also the peanut butter chocolate bars by the register are AMAZING after a few minutes in the freezer!!! Yum yum gimme me some!
5	I would live here if I could. The vegan food delights everyone I have brought, vegan or not. There are mock meat dishes and regular vegan dishes so everyone can be satisfied. Everything I have had here...and that is most of the menu by now!...is amazing. Staff is friendly and prices are good. But the food...yummy delicious!
5	Mr:  get the big wac...just do it,  don't even think about it, get it!  We have had many things here and everything has been amazing, this by far our favorite vegetarian restaurant we have ever been to!Nough said
5	I can't say enough great things about this place. I'm lactose intolerant and really miss ice cream and milkshakes. Green has the Tsoynami, a soft-serve soy ice cream Blizzard-like treat that quells my cravings. You can get different kinds of candy and fruit plus they always have some sort of special recipe involving cake or brownies and its always amazing. The food is delicious as well but I wish they'd bring back the pizza.
4	So, it is kind of hard to rate this place. On one hand, my wife and I went here because we are pretty healthy eaters when it comes to our meals - she's practically vegetarian and the only meat I eat on any regular basis is lean chicken, and we both freshly prepare most of our meals with low salt and low fat. So, coming here, you get a very good vegan replication of what are high fat, high salt meals, which people like us don't like. So, was my Calexico burger an excellent replication of a traditional american double burger with cheese down to the very color of the cheese? Yes! Do I actually like traditional american double burgers with cheese? No. Chicken wings, were exceptionally good despite their high salt content, the flavors of the sauce were very much enhanced by the salt, rather than being overwhelmed by it.If you go here with a full understanding of what you are getting, you will like I it. They have a very varied menu and speedy service. I would definitely go back and try out some other things on the menu that people mentioned in the yelp review, I think the food concept and execution is very, very good and wish we had this amongst our dining options in New Jersey. I wouldn't go here frequently, but I would go here about twice a year, to get something different - which is almost exactly the same as standard fast food, but completely different because its vegan. It's all very confusing :)
3	I wanted to like this place so much more than I actually did. I've gone to Green on several occasions and have tried something different every time (in hopes that I'll actually find something I truly like). Nope. Didn't really happen, unfortunately, which makes me so so sad.Pros: Major props to the designer/decorator. I do like the concept of the place--most of the decorations/furniture seemed to be refurbished or recycled items. Can't complain about how creative and "green" the place is! Also, I like their concept of the tSoynami (soy-based ice-cream sundae mixed in with all sorts of candies/cereals/syrups/etc. of your choice. There's a million different pre-made combos you can choose from, but I'm sure you can customize your own as well. Cons: I'm just really underwhelmed with the main entrees and dishes. Perhaps I went in with too high of expectations? Out of the Bowls section of the menu, I've tried Singapore Orange, Thai Peaunut, and Drunken Mongolian. Honestly, I thought they all tasted the same. The flavors were heavily soy-sauce based (which is fine...I grew up eating lots of soy-sauce based dishes), but I really couldn't tell the difference between the three. I've also tried the Secret BBQ Chicken Sandwich, the Original "G" Spicy Po-Boy and the Spicy Buffalo "Wings" form the menu as well. These were decent, but were super super high-in-sodium-tasting if you know what I mean.Granted, I'm also a fan of meat, so vegetarian shops like Green may not be my greatest area of expertise. My comments, truly,  are more targeted towards the flavor combos and balances of the dishes here. Overall, I like the concept of Green. If a vegetarian/vegan friend was in town for a week, I would probably bring him/her to Green to check the place out. Personally, though, I'm not sure I would crave Green enough to visit again on my own.
5	If you are skeptical of vegan and vegetarian food, I promise you that Green will change your mind. The varied and creative menu is full of delicious items that are not only good for you and the planet, but that also taste fantastic! I've brought several carnivorous friends to Green and they've all absolutely loved it and hoovered up items like the awesome Big Wac (like a vegan Big Mac...but so much better) and the just-spicy enough Jerk salad with tofu. Everything I've tried has been outstanding. The prices are extremely reasonable too. I am not vegan, but Green is a favorite place I go back to again and again. I highly recommend it!
5	This is the greatest vegan restaurant I have ever had the pleasure of visiting. Most vegan restaurant offer the same fare - tofu with various sauces with a smattering of rice, here and there. Green takes Vegan cuisine to a new level. Some of the best mock chicken I have ever had.  Everything down to the ice cream. The staff is always willing to customize and offer suggestions.  I love this restaurant.
4	Since coming here for the first time in July, I have visited green vegetarian 3 more times. I have gotten the chicken nuggets, blonde alfredo, macaroni and cheese, and the BBBQ bacon burger. I got the blonde alfredo with the mock chicken. I was not expecting the pieces of "chicken" to be breaded and fried. I was expecting it to be more like grilled chicken. They didn't really belong in a dish with a cream sauce.  Speaking of the blonde alfredo sauce, it's very good! Tastes very similar to the real thing. I will definitely be getting this wonderful dish again but I will probably get plain tofu or no "meat" on it at all.For the Mac and Cheez it was lacking in flavor and the cheese was not melted enough.The BBBQ bacon burger had a bit too much mayo and barbecue sauce on it. The tempeh bacon was okay, but nothing like actual bacon. It was too thick and did not really have the flavor of bacon. The sauteed portabella mushrooms and caramelized onions were the best part of the burger, along with the sesame seed bun!The chicken nuggz had the flavor and texture of real chicken nuggets! The barbecue sauce and ranch dressing it comes with are also wonderful. These would definitely fool your kids. ;)The blonde alfredo and drunken mongolian probably tie for my favorite meal at green vegetarian.To wrap up my review, this is my favorite restaurant in the area! I love green vegetarian so much.
4	this place is the epitome of vegan junk food! do not go here if you think you're coming here to be on a diet/ eat healthy food.although there is no animal fat rendered protein a lot of the things are deeeeep fried and carb heavy. that said, the carbs are deeeelicious and they do it right!the soy-soft serve is pure joy bliss.
5	Went here last night and I'm still thinking about my meal!  Hands down best vegan place I've ever been too! Can't wait to come back when I'm in Tempe.  I'm from NY and haven't found anyplace that comes close to this place! Yum!!!
4	I have been here twice now and both times the food was good. There menu is a nice break from traditional vegan fare. I like the vibe of this place. The community style seating with the long shared table is a nice touch, but they also have smaller tables if you want to get some privacy. The food also comes out really quick so this place makes for a great lunch location if you are in the area and on a tight schedule.
5	Excellent.  Service was courteous and prompt.  The salad I had was the best I've ever eaten.  I also tried the chili-cheese fries and they were very good.  The drinks were really good too.  I wish Green were in my hometown.
5	I've gone to Green on several occasions. Food is always fantastic. I get the Buffalo "wings" and the "Big Wac" usually.  Prices are a tad high, but not really for being in Scottsdale, and for the unique kind of food they offer.I will give two criticisms. First, I often go with my non-vegetarian wife, and I will have to say their choice of foods for her is very limited.  I'm not saying they should offer non-vegan foods, but I'm saying they could add a few more "normal" non-meat choices.  Maybe a few more salads, a veggie pizza, etc.  She had the Mac & Cheese which is something that might attract someone like my wife, and even I will have to say, it wasn't very good. Second, the cleanliness of the place, and the overall feeling of the place could be improved.   While there seems to be all types inside, and it has a distinctive hippy vibe. If you don't have a nose ring and dreadlocks it gets easy to feel out-of-place, which is a shame because the food is very good.  Still, I do feel they should invest a bit more time in atmosphere improvements.  I know my food doesn't contain cows or pigs, but I'd like a bit more confidence that it doesn't include bug parts.
4	Totally love: the mini drink bar, Ranchero salad, clean bathrooms with Meyers soap, awesome decor, friendly staffCould probably do without the exorbitant amount of grease most of the dishes offer. To be honest, I find this place to be primarily junk food status... But what girl doesn't need a little junk food love in her life? Luckily for my waistline I live a good distance from here.
5	I am one of the hugest carnivores but I really wanted to visit Green and see what it was all aboutAlso I use Yelp to find different dinner meals through the weekBefore I showed up to Green I noticed that it had a ton of good reviews which made me thinkA) Reviews all/mostly written by VegansB) The food is really legitI ordered the small "thee green salad" and it was very yummyThe cucumbers were my favoriteI am not a huge fan of green olives but I ate some of them :)I don't know what the dressing was, but it was deliciousI also had the veggie rolls with the sauce and they were really greatI think Green is one of those places I will visit to get a break from all the bad stuff I eat
5	Prices are okay. Quality of food is great! Vibe is very Portland Hipster.
3	Food is very tasty. I had the green lemon plate and it taste amazing. The service however it's poor and the cashier is an ass. It was my first time eating here and she make it quite hard. I didn't tip her!!
5	Really delicious food that even my meat-eating friends like. Everything we have ordered is delicious: hummus, veggie burgers, chili cheese fries, salads. I love healthy vegan food, but their vegan versions of junk food are totally satisfying as well. And a lot healthier than the mainstream versions!
5	Let me start by saying that I am not a vegetarian or vegan. That said, I am not well versed in what types of food vegan restaurants typically offer but I love Green! I can't even tell their mock chicken isn't chicken. I have tried several dishes, and all were excellent. My favorite is the Jerk salad- the dressing is delicious. The service here is great and you can get in and out pretty quickly. Highly recommend!
4	Really good place for vegans/vegetarians. Have been here twice. The food is delicious and freshly made. Do not expect a sophisticated eating experience. However, one of the best places for a casual meal. The people are friendly and the food is amazing! Highly recommend.
5	Green is a fantastic restaurant. Their dishes are unique and very good. They are very busy and with good reason!
5	Great place to chill! Features local art... Eco friendly... Tsoynami is equal to a DQ Blizzard... But no animals were harmed! And the soft serve soy ice cream is home made!Get the big WAC, and wings... Great flavor. Def. junk food for vegans.. But what a treat! Service is friendly and prompt. Certain hours are iffy... Perhaps shift change, or conflict amongst coworkers... Still, a gem!
5	Hands down one of my favorite vegetarian restaurants I have ever gone to.   My husband and I were traveling in arizona so I did some research on  veggie restaurants in the area and found this one on yelp.  I just can't stop talking about how great the food was and the atmosphere rocked.   If I had not looked it up prior to going, we would have never found it as it is in a small strip mall not close to the downtown area.   We ended up going here twice on our vacation and tried the burgers as well as one of the bowls.   This is as good as it gets hands down for veggie food.  Loved it.
3	I am here to tell you that my relationship with Green is like a revolving door. I'm vegetarian, I want good vegetarian food, I go to Green, I find it adequate but not overwhelmingly amazing, and yet... I keep going back. I'm still holding out hope that Green will one day knock my socks off, it just hasn't happened yet.That last two times I have gone, my food has been cold, especially the french fries. Cold french fries are not good, people. Nor are they difficult to make. Last time I got the spicy po-boy, which I found a little bit too spicy, and overly salty. The bowls are better, I love the thai peanut bowl, it's one of my favorites! Maybe I'm just not ordering the right things.I've been a bit disappointed lately, but I will keep going back for the concept, the cool couches, the awesome drink and ice cream selections... what can I say? It's a vegetarian dream.
2	I tried it again, trying to see if anything positive had changed in the months since I had been here last. I tried the Calexico burger. Again, terribly thin, seemingly artificially processed patties (though there was two) slathered in sauce and a bun. No texture, just a mushy mess. Three redeeming values remain: the thyme fries are amazing, they remember your name and seem to have stepped up customer service and attention, and the Tsoynamis are delicious. I'm afraid this is the last lunch I will be enjoying here unless I hear they decide to stop competing with is loosely termed "food" at McDonald's.
4	Just had a dough boy soynami for the first time and it was really good. Will be back for sure.
4	Green is a great place to visit every once in a while. As a regular meat eater I was surprised how filling and tasty a vegan restaurant could be.  Not once through the entire meal was I longing for a healthy chunk of meat.  For desert I got a soynami, not sure how to spell it. That was also delightful. If you're in the area stop by and enjoy a hearty yet healthy meal. Or if you just want to for dessert or snack stop by green
5	During a extended layover at the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport, I searched for the closest vegan hot spot. I saw that Green had many outstanding reviews. So I headed over in a cab.After chatting with the staff, I ordered a black jack pita. Which is a blackened cajun mock chicken with artichoke hearts, lettuce, tomato and our lemon-tahini sauce in a toasted pita. And it was far better than anything I could have hoped to order at an airport. So it was well worth the trip.
5	I absolutely love this place. Been a frequent customer since becoming vegetarian. This is by far the best vegetarian place I've been to.  So glad they have another location in central phoenix.  I often go for the Big Wac (its like a vegetarian version of the Big Mac). Probably similar in calories too but it's meat free! The curry dish is also good. I love that they serve fruit as a side option. Overall, you can't go wrong with most of the stuff on the menu. I prefer the mock beef over the mock chicken, I've found its a bit more tender. Still, 5 stars from me! My only wish is that they were open a bit later!
4	Very good! The food was tasty and fresh! As a vegetarian, it's so nice to be able to choose anything on the menu! We will definitely be back!
5	This is the best location to get vegan food that I have found in Arizona yet.  Especially if you are a newly turned vegetarian or vegan this will help you ease your way into the lifestyle as Green offers a great variety of foods that you will sure to miss.  I would recommend Green to even those who are not vegetarian or vegan, its a must try.
4	Although this restaurant is in a crappy concrete shopping mall, it is certainly worth visiting for the green burger, samosas, peanut butter chocolate bars and the thyme fries. It's an overall excellent vegan spot that sells evamor water (hard to find in Tempe) that is light on ambiance. It's always packed and always good!
4	I'm not a huge fan of Thai food, but the meals and tofu here are fabulous. The tofu can change anyone's mind who previously did not enjoy it! Vegetarian or not, it's worth it.
2	Um...I am confused with all the great reviews. Granted I am from Richmond, Va where lots of restaurants do vegan/vegetarian, and they do it really, really well. This place is quasi-vegetarian foods. It's just mock meats...where are the black bean burgers, the lentil burgers, the wholesome vegetables?!?! Wah. I was really disappointed. This is definitely a place to ease people into vegetarianism. I got the blackened jerk chicken pita (it wasn't spicy....?) and my boyfriend got the chicken parm (obviously not real chicken on either). Both were valiant attempts. They still failed. The fries were good, though. I would give it only 1 star, but we did go at 8:15 pm and they close at 9. I want to give them the benefit of the doubt....The service was also really bad. Lady didn't look at us while we ordered (her eyes were wandering around), the bathrooms are outside with no signage, and I guess you are supposed to assume you order at the counter? I am not trying to make this overly-critical, but this place could do A LOT better in many ways. I probably won't go back unfortunately; too bad, I was looking forward to this!
2	Don't know why this place has so much hype. We ordered the buffalo chicken wings, big whac(aka Big Mac except that it's vegan ) and Singapore orange noodle bowl.  Unfortunately the food was not so tasty and the bowl was toooo salty. The big whac was not delicious and the wings were decent. The place is cool and it looked as though the desserts were tasty.
5	Loved the food, service and drinks!!! Seriously good food!!!
5	Had a great veggie and noodle bowl! The milkshakes are on the sweet side, but really good too! Can't wait to go back!
5	Great atmosphere and a great place to bring a true carnivore to prove other options. Never had a bad entree. Peanut butter fudge soynamee was a true winner. As a Vw Bug enthusiast I appreciate the art work. I am a harsh judge of rest rooms and this one isodern, clean and fun!
5	A Vegans Oasis- living in Portland I'm pretty spoiled and was so excited to try this place out while in AZ, after having it recommended by a vegan friend. I had the artichoke chicken salad with ranch dressing and it was a good size, tasty and filling. I got one of their soynami shakes for dessert which one should not pass up, kind of like a blizzard and they have a lot of combination options. Overall this place was clean and the good was reasonably priced. The staff was friendly.
4	Finding healthier alternative solutions to my burger cravings is not always easy in the valley. I tried a lot of vegan burgers around, but this one takes the cake! Try the Big WAC! And there are plenty of other dishes to try here.
5	I keep coming back time and time again! Mock parm sandwich and mock steak sandwich are my favorites by far.
5	For what it is I love this place. There aren't many all vegan places in the Phoenix/Tempe area and this place has so many options. Being vegan and trying to have as little soy as possible is my only issue but this place has many fast options if you're craving vegan comfort foods. Everything is deliicious and I leave feeling full and happy! Sometimes too full but that's my own fault.
4	Are you in Phoenix and looking for decent vegetarian food?  If so, Green is a good spot to try.   They had an interesting variety of sandwiches and stir fry with tofu or fake meat toppings.  It seems like they are more on the "fake meat" instead of "eat something else" side.  Personally, I'd prefer to stay away from meat substitutes so I got my dish with tofu.I had the Thai peanut with the tofu (fried not soft).  It was a nice serving of vegetables with a strong peanut sauce with a bit of spice.  Not that much spice so unless you can't take anything, you will be able to eat it.There are a large numbers of tables and chairs and a more limited number of booths.  If you go around dinner time it will be fairly full or busy.Not so bad if you don't mind popping in for some quick food.
3	This place was aaaallright. The menu was very interesting and I see how it sets itself apart by being a vegan restaurant. I got their house salad, but it was toooo overdressed and the spice in it was overbearing. I just ate it to eat it. But I will say their sundaes are good and great portion sizing for $5. It had an interesting flavor but I would definitely come back just for that.
5	I really love this place. We recently moved out of Arizona, and I miss the food and the fun environment at Green. While I have been eating a plant-based diet for a long time now, Green was really helpful when I first started because I could find vegan comfort food. When I got tired of beans and rice and vegetables, Green was a place where I could get variety and now understand that vegans have tons of food options. My overall favorite meal there is the no-harm chicken parm, but I also love the bowls when I want something lighter (particularly Singapore orange and blonde Alfredo). I also can't avoid the tsoynamis, although I generally eat the entire thing at once and then feel crummy from sugar overload which is totally my fault. If you're vegan and are craving chocolate chip cookie dough ice cream, try the dough boy tsoynami.The staff is always friendly, and I love the diversity of people that come eat at Green. One of my favorites!
5	I was very impressed with Green.  I only came here because the people I worked with on a recent program had ridiculous food restrictions of the vegan variety.  I try to just cover my ears and not listen to them when they talk, because it's like listening to bubble boy.  Have we rebelled against our very nature?Putting that aside, the good news is that I ended up at Green, and it was delicious.  The Thai Peanut bowl was seriously delicious-  great peanut taste coupled with that coconut milk balance and a little zang of spice with perfectly cooked noodles.  The "mock" chicken was whatever, the texture always gives it away for me.  They also have a great selection of beverages of the healthy variety, and some fresh juices that were also quite delicious.  I would actually come back here, even if other options were present.  That's saying a lot.5 Stars
5	Hell yea! I love every item on the menu. I am so cereal!!! And you don't have to be a mega hipster to eat there (don't worry, there are still plenty if them there)
5	Kung pos tofu, steamed vegetables  and brown rice.very tasty. The atmosphere is relaxed and the staff courteous.
4	This is the place I go to religiously when I'm feeling like eating healthy. Being a pesceterian, I frequently get meat cravings, and GREEN is the place I run to. Their mock chicken is delicious, tasted just like real chicken, and their version of the Big Mack the "Big Wack" is even tastier than the real thing, from what I can remember! I absolutely recommend the spicy peanut chicken salad, it is so filling and full of flavor. To whoever judges vegan food as "cardboard- like and tasteless" needs to try Green. I have gotten several of my omnivorous friends to try this place and they have all loved the food and the atmosphere. Its very artsy-fartsy inside, and when you walk in you immediately feel the positive vibes bouncing off all the healthy people inside. Its really really nice overall. The location is a little hidden, but nevertheless, when you find the place you will always go back!STAY GREEN!
5	I have been to Phoenix 3 times, and to Green 5 times - I make a point to eat here whenever I am remotely in the area. Every time it is amazing. I'm not a vegetarian but prefer veggie and healthy options most of the time, and this place just hits it out of the park. Definitely get a cup for their homemade beverages as well - my favorite is a mix of the green tea and sweet lime. Hard to go wrong with anything but my favorites have been the noodle bowls, the mock chicken wings, and the "fish" tacos.
4	This was a great experience, coming from Los Angeles I was not expecting much vegan fare at all in Phoenix, much less a fully vegan restaurant. Not only are they full vegan, they have a good selection and my husband and I both enjoyed the food.The puffs were good and the bowls as well. Yum!A bit too expensive for this to become a regular go to, but if I'm dying to be around some legit vegan food this will be my first stop.
4	Green catered my anniversary party recently. I was happy that we were able to offer a vegetarian meal that my whole family could enjoy. I love to eat at the Tempe location whenever I'm in town visiting. A couple downsides for the event catering was that they provided the plates, and we quickly ran out during appetizers. Luckily my Dad was wiling to run out and grab some, but of course he brought back styrofoam instead of the compostable plates I would have preferred. But really he had no options on such short notice. The other downside was that the sauces for the chicken wing and the salad were not labeled, so there was some confusion on our guests part as to what sauce went with what. But overall, Green delivered a tasty meal.
5	very good! although i am not a veggie i still like the food! their pastry place located in phoenix (NAMI) is super delicious too! LOVE the environment and great customer service
2	We just finished having lunch at Green.  I doubt that we will go back,  After reading the yelp reviews I ordered a "Big Wack" when the waitress brought it to the table I asked for a slice of tomato.  The waitress went to get it and returned saying that tomato was another 50 cents.  I went to the rest room to wash my hands and found that the water was turned off.  My wife ordered a salad and said that she couldn't eat it; I tasted her salad and thought that it was OK.  The service is sub par the food is just OK (not great) we told them that this was our first time eating at Green.  They made no effort to insure that we had a nice dinning experience and the restaurant isn't particularly clean.  If you are vegan or vegetarian dining out can be difficult but I think that you can get more  value for your money else where.  In my opinion, they could and should do a better job.
3	in brief: Yum yum in my tum tum! their vegan dishes are enjoyable even for the carnivorsaurs. However, if you're not vegan, pass on the soy-based "ice creams"I ordered: 1. Mac and Cheese with Veggie ($7.50): Delish! It was warm cheesy and gooey and just all the positive adjectives you would want to associate with a mac and cheese. I could tell from taste that it wasn't normal cheese, but it was still delicious none the less! It's a cheddar based cheese sauce with elbow macaroni, with broccoli, zucchini and carrots. The taste was spot-on as a vegan mac and cheese, although the macaroni were a little softer than I'd like; definitely not al dente. I'm thinking its because vegan pasta noodles cooks differently than regular pasta noodles, so it's not fair for me to complain :) 2. Banana Cream Pie-- one of their Soy, vegan "ice creams."  (~$5 for 16 oz)This flavor i had ordered was their special, it was banana cream pie. It was good enough to cool you down on a hot day, but it was meh tasting. The base tastes like soy milk with thickener, and it was mixed with added banana slices and then topped with a blahhh tasting whip-toping. :(  Although it wasn't too sweet, and I appreciated that; but I'd much rather have a pint of hagen daaz of coffee ice-cream for half the price at a supermarket than to get this.I would definitely come back to try their other items! I had a piece of their mock chicken and mock-bbq meat, both as were delicious in salads!Recommendation: try one of their bowls! There are many exciting ones to try on the menu!
5	Tasty and healthy thai vegetarian bowl. Grader mix of vegetables, tofu and noodles.Friendly service. Had a great mix of people dinning there- families to monks!Would go back, if i was living around here.
4	Jerk. Tofu. Salad.  You'll thank me later.
5	Vegan comfort food that is the best. Staff is awesome and knowledgable. I highly recommend the wings. The Namis. And really everything else. Some items (sauces) can be a bit salty so beware. :)
1	Horrible service. Just placed an order  and they gave my food to the wrong person, gave me no compensation, and took far longer to  finally get me my order than they told me. I like vegan food, but don't be such a**holes, especially when you screw up.
5	First time at Green (two vegetarians and a vegan in our group) and it was great! Get the secret BBQ chicken sandwich with cole slaw! The nuggets and french fries were a big hit with our 10 year old.  Will certainly return when we are in town again!  Order at the counter and take a table marker to a table of your choice.  We found the service to be great (counter to some negative reviews) and the people to be very friendly.
4	Healthy and satisfying. I had a rice bowl with "chicken". It had tons of flavor. Also tried the BBQ sandwich was was yummy too. Great place
4	I've been here multiple times now, and I have three words to throw out about this place: Burgers, Tsoynamis, and Ambiance.1. Burgers- Best large menu item they have. Their imitation meat tastes delicious and has just the right amount of texture and flavor. I have also tried their wings, bowls, curries, and fries, and none of these have lived up to the standards that the burgers have set.2. Tsoynamis- A must-have item! These soy-based ice creams are light, so Green serves you a very large amount with each order. They have a lot of different every-day flavors, as well as some seasonal ones on a board that they have. I highly recommend the "Kissed by a rose" flavor (rose, chocolate, strawberries) if that is up on the seasonal board.3. Ambiance- Green is such a cute place to come grab lunch or a light snack. They are big supporters of local art, and have interchangeable art pieces on their walls that customers can buy. Everything has a sort of hipster-vibe to it, and with the natural light streaming in through their large windows, you will always leave the place feeling calmer and happier than when you came in. Definitely recommend giving it a try!
2	I love vegetarian meals, love Thai food, love flavor, so after my daughter recommended Greens and I found myself in the area, my husband, son and I stopped in. My son loved his veggie burger, my husband got something which was supposed to be spicy  veggies and rice noodles, while I got curry/ coconut veggies, rice noodles and mock chicken. My husband and I were only able to tell which bowl was which by the mock chicken in mine. There was absolutely no difference in the flavor between the 2 bowls. I told the waitress that there was no flavor in either, and she just shrugged and said "it depends on who's cooking on how it tastes." I told her that mine had NO  flavor, that if I closed my eyes and had a spoonful, I couldn't tell if I was eating a piece of broccoli or the mock chicken, and there was not even a hint of coconut or curry. She just said "sorry about that" and walked off. For $10 a bowl, it was definitely a disappointing meal.
5	Green was an amazing meal that I crave and I am not a vegetarian. You can not tell that it is not real meat. The employees were really nice and the ambiance was great. The vegetables were cooked perfectly to where a vegetable-hater loved them and now I order vegetables whenever I go out to eat and can not find another restaurant that replicates the taste at all. Amazing place that I look forward to eating at again. Easily one of my favorite restaurants.
5	This is my absolute favorite restaurant.  Literally everything is good here. I love the mock chicken artichoke salad and the blonde alfredo. The staff is friendly and there is always cool art on the walls. I wish there were more vegan places like this is the valley!
5	I love this place beyond words.  They have a good selection of vegan food, and their fake meat is awesome.The soynamis and oatmeal cookies are amazing.  Can't recommend it enough.
4	Excellent healthy choice for lunch however it is not cheap/inexpensive like Yelp labels it
5	I decided to try a new place for lunch today and WOW! I wasn't sure what to get but off the suggestion of the cashier/server he suggested the daily special. It was a Serrano Chicken Wrap thing w/their fries. One word describes my lunch....AMAZING!When you walk in it is so clean and cute. Everyone is friendly and had a nice lunch crowd (always a good thing). The special I had the following items: Serano Chicken Po-boy - Chicken (their chicken - which you would think you are eating the real thing but BETTER), grilled pineapple, red onion, lettuce, cashews (I think, there was a few crunchy nuts in there) in a lavosh wrap w/serrano, agave and honey sauce with their fries. It was so fresh and so tasty I cannot wait to go again and in the VERY near future!!!
3	I used to love their Mexicali burger, but the new menu replaced it with a lesser burger. I haven't been back since. I sincerely hope the Mexicali burger makes a comeback.
5	TSOYNAMIS RULE!  Awesome frozen soy / Blizzard type dessert!  (I have not been impressed with the few bowls I dropped, gloppy salty more gloop food.)For MONTHS, we did not know there was a menu... just ordering off the 3-4 specials listed on the chalkboard.  OMG.. once we knew, we go every other week driving up from Chandler.  LOVE this place as a dairy intolerant person.
3	3.5 starsThe staff was very friendly and seemed pretty fast.Ordered the Buffalo wings which were small but pretty good (and pretty close to a meaty texture). I ordered the mooshu po boy which was kind of disappointing and definitely not worth the price. I've been to plenty of vegetarian and vegan restaurants and don't mind paying more money for quality food, but I just felt I've had better.
5	Green is pretty amazing. Their sticky bun is the best I've ever had, vegan or no, and blows Cinnabon right out of the water. I do wish their outdoor seating was not made up of metal chairs -- it's Phoenix for goodness' sake! But their food is worth it!!
5	I'm not vegetarian or vegan, but I do love this place.  I'm not picky about what the food is, I like good food, and they serve good food here.  Any of the rice bowls are great, as well as the burgers I've tried.  Thyme fries are great!
5	This place has my soul! They are mostly Organic and NON GMO and 100% Vegan! I have never had a bad experience eating here, the food is always delicious! I take my non-vegan friends here all the time and they love it! They cant believe that their eating a vegan meal. I was here yesterday and ordered the black jack pita with thyme fries and it was AMAZING! I had some elderberry ice tea that they had made and it was so refreshing I think I refilled like 3 times !
5	I absolutely am in love with this restaurant! They have amazing food and will make it the way you like if you have any preferences. I try to order a different item every time I go and so far I have not been disappointed. The food is filling yet light and I always feel satisfied. The hang out, casual feel of the restaurant is enjoyable and the employees are very friendly willing to offer suggestions. As a vegan this restaurant is a haven for me and I recommend it to fellow vegans and meat-eaters alike!
1	If you like fancy rubber this place is awesome! I even got some soy ice cream (which normally I am a huge fan of) and it tastes like mud pies after a rainy day near a sewer.
5	Very vegan. The menu includes a variety of choices. Under the sandwiches and burger section everything is 'mock'. I like the Big Wac it's the same as a Big Mac but it's bigger and more filling. The fries are way better than mcdonalds. Plus they have Jones soda. I love this place. Don't be surprised to see some artzy fartzy people though
5	My favorite AZ vegan place, easily. If you're vegan, there's not a thing on the menu you won't like. If you're not vegan, the same's true but I'd definitely recommend the sandwiches over anything else for a newbie. The mock meats and cheeses will blow you away. Be prepared to always get dessert here, it's hard not to be tempted and it's all delicious. Overall, will always recommend, great for vegans and non-vegans.
5	Very good, healthy, food- even the salad :) ( I think my stomach just growled.)
5	Can't go wrong. Only downsides are 1) it's sometimes very busy on weekends around lunch time, 2) they don't serve alcohol. The Tsoynamis are to die for but you have to be willing to do a calorie splurge or at least split one with someone as they are huge.
5	I stumbled across this place when I was in town for a wedding a Yelp'd "vegan".  I wish that it was in Orange County.  The food was great.  I had "Thee green salad" and some samosas.  It was easily enough food for two people, but I knew I would never be coming back so I wanted to try a few things.  The dressing on the salad was delicious and the flavor profile was very well put together.  The samosas were cooked to flaky, perfection.
4	I've been here about 3 times and absolutely love it.  The spicy buffalo "wings" bites are awesome.  I also love the bowls and plan on getting a sandwich next time, they look amazing.  If this place was closer to me I would go way more often.
5	Ordered the spicy peanut tofu, picnic salad and lemon pesto bowl with tofu, brown rice and vegetables and it was amazing!! The staff was very friendly and the restaurant had a great vibe to it! Highly recommend and not too expensive! Currently moving to Tempe so I will be back soon!
5	WOW! I grew up on meat and lived in Texas and love the taste and texture. I became a vegetarian and always have craved a burger....so my roommate brought me to Green and the Bic WAC IS OUTSTANDING! I can't believe its not meat. The taste was perfect and it had the right texture color and consistency. This is not a vegi garden burger. I love to cook and have no idea how they do this. Just try it and you will be shocked! I opted to remove the middle bun and it was just like a double patty with cheese and toppings. I would never have guessed it was vegan. MUST TRY! The fries were crispy and fresh. I also loved the samosas...much better than my fav indian restaurants...not greesy at all but very crispy!
5	Let me set thing straight, I'm not a vegetarian. But I think I mite be one now. I love this place. So much better then any other burger place I've been to in awhile and I didn't leave feeling sick. Loved all the vegetarian food I've eaten here and plan on coming back allot.
5	Go to Green! I've had problems in the past with servers, but I believe those employees have moved on from Green. Other than that, let me list the reasons why I love Green:1. I am a vegetarian. It's nice to have a completely vegan restaurant--I don't have to worry about what I can/cannot eat on the menu! Also, the food tastes like vegetarian food. This could be confusing to meat-eaters, so let me explain; a lot of vegetarian options at places that serve meat are cooked like you would cook meat, therefore the taste is different. It's nice not to be overloaded with spices or sauce just because it's all veggie food.2. The atmosphere is comfortable. Sometimes the music is a little loud, but it's definitely not as bad as a lot of other places around The Valley.3. Take Out! This is one of my favorite places to grab food after roller derby practice! It's quick, healthy, and filling.4. I have a lot of friends that eat meat. Not one of them has said anything negative about the food here. Plus, the people here don't look down on meat-eaters. One of my biggest pet-peeves is when vegetarian extremists think lowly of people that eat meat--you're giving a bad name to us other vegetarians! Calm down! 5. It's affordable. Yes! Affordable vegetarian food! Amazing, right?!6. Have a Tsoynami. No, really. Trust me.Personally, I think the food tastes better at this location than the 7th Street location. And, as mentioned earlier, there have been a couple of staff members that have been...well...rather rude. But they don't work here anymore, as far as I can tell. There's always a rotten apple, right? Except for the food. Nothing rotten about the food.Go here! Every day!
5	This place is really great! It is so nice being able to go somewhere as a vegetarian and not be concerned that I might get sick from the food and cross contamination. The food here is AMAZING. Some of the best out to eat vegan food I have ever had in my life! I love it! I recommend practically everything on the menu. We all have our favorites, of course, but there is not a single thing on the menu that I have found distasteful. The staff is very friendly, the atmosphere is nice. The music can be a bit loud sometimes but that is not a big deal, especially since there is an outside area which is nice during the non-summery times. I highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to try it.
5	A must for the gluten-free diner who wants variety and quality.  You don't have to be vegan to love the place.  The gluten-free menu is very straight-forward, easy to understand and there are plenty of options to choose from.   My fave on appetizers are the Mock Chicken Wings, as they are wonderful and full of flavor.  They have gluten-free buns, so you can actually get to eat a sandwich like a "real person", but the rice bowls are tasty and plentiful.  Staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  You won't leave hungry.  When one has food allergies, no restaurant is totally safe, but this place comes pretty close.
5	This place is awesome! I love the "No Harm Chicken Parm" and their soynamis are delicious. Best vegetarian/vegan place I've been to in Arizona by far. It can get super crowded though, but that just goes to show you how good the food is.
4	As with the other location--drool. Like all the reviews say, Big Wac--and if you aren't carnivorous, you'll be welcomed with open arms here. They have a litany of strange teas ( basil cucumber, anyone? ) and plenty of other things to keep your mind from straying towards the objective at hand: a cheap meal that will keep you satisfied. This particular location also has a chalk board that some genius writes hilarious sayings and references on. The last time I went, there was a Nami dedicated to twin peaks, Agent Cooper reference and all. Doesn't take too much to get me, and this got me. Hard.
5	This place rocks! I took my boyfriend here and was hesitant about it because he's such a fan of meat. He ended up loving it and won't stop asking me to take him back! The Kung pao with brown rice is my favorite
3	2240 N Scottsdale RdTempe, AZ 85281(480) 941-9003We arrived at Green at 6:00, and were surprised to find the place so busy. We stood in line to order while perusing the menu. While vegetarian food is hardly new, finding a place that was totally packed and had such varied items on the menu was an new experience.We all started out with the eggless rolls ($4.00). Crisp, beautifully made spring rolls with cabbage, carrots, noodles, and spices, served with a lovely dipping sauce. This was so good that it set the stage for high expectations for the main course, and we were not disappointed. Most of us ordered the Big-Wac ($9.00), a perfect take off on the Big Mac*. It was offered with your choice of frys, fruit, or cole slaw. Even with your eyes open you believe this was made at the golden arches. The faux meat looked and had the texture of real meat patties. It even had special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles and a sesame seed bun. It was also just as filling as the variety with meat. This came in a basket filled to overflowing with pencil thin French fries with what had to be homemade ketchup. The only word that comes to mind is delicious.One of our companions ordered the kung pao bowl ($8.50). While he said he could taste the difference between the faux meat and the real thing, he none the less said it was very tasty and enjoyed it.A number of us ordered dessert. A large cup filled from the bottom first with cookies, then homemade banana ice cream, and topped with whipped cream. I could not finish either my burger or my dessert.Beverages are all non-alcoholic, with assorted teas being the only option for those who cannot have sugar.The premises were clean, and tables were bussed almost as soon as they were emptied. Service was prompt and courteous.3 stars for quality of food, service, and cleanliness.
5	First time here... Food was really good.. Daughter had a noodle bowl. I had a wrap , we split the wings. We will be coming back.. The only bad thing,no salt in the place.. It could use a little
5	Green is good. Green is great. So scrumptious you may lick your plate. Seriously. I was a fan of Green long before I moved to PHX. It'd be my 1st stop once off the plane, & my last stop before getting back on the plane. Now that I live here, I practically live there. This is some of the best veg*n comfort food on the planet. I've had @ 95% of the regular menu items. My favs are:Big Wac: a vegan version of the Big Mac that could fool even a carnivore. Delicious & super filling. (Those with smaller appetites may want to cut it in 1/2 or share it.) Wendy's Pickle: crispy fried "chicken" pieces w/ vegan mayo, a spicy sauce, & of course, pickles. An explosion of flavor for your taste buds. Argentine Po'Boy: savory seitan steak with perfectly grilled & seasoned onions & peppers, plus mayo & spicy sauce. mmmmmm Mouth-watering!Original G Spicy Po'Boy: mock chicken in a buffalo sauce w/ vegan mayo. I get mine sans tomatoes & extra spicy. Amazeballs! (You can request light spicy sauce if you're spice sensitive.) There's a BBQ "chicken" sandwich & a BBQ Bacon Burger. Both are equally so amazing that I have to eenie-meenie-miney-mo in order to choose. Their BBQ sauce is excellent!All of the above come with a side. I suggest the thyme fries. So fresh & tasty!When I need something on the lighter side, I get:the Jerk Salad w/ mock chicken instead of tofu. The jungle dressing makes me want to beat my chest & proclaim, "Me Jane!"  My 2nd favorite salad is the Ranchero salad, which features their yummy BBQ "wings." Go all out and add a side order of their buffalo "wings" for an epic party in your mouth. The chili fries are very good...in the winter. I personally can't do chili in the PHX summers. Then the chef comes up with these amazing specials, which they announce on their social media pages. Today, I had the San Diego "Fish" Tacos: crispy tofu (& I'm not a tofu fan) mock fish, in soft tortillas, with a special sauce. SO good!! Don't you dare leave here without trying a Tsoynami (think dairy-free Blizzard). My favs are: Soy Capitan (for a fruity sensation);Dough Boy (cookie dough, chocolate syrup & soft serve. Hello!);Cookies n' Cream (classic);& my own creation of pretzels, chocolate, & toffee nut syrup. They'll sometimes have fresh baked goods too. There's a small selection of vegan groceries. They have a cold case with a large selection of beverages, including a very tasty Butterscotch Beer (non-alcoholic). Nice decor. They have plenty of tables, but on a busy night, or during the lunch rush, it fills up quickly. I suggest calling in your order if you're in a hurry. There's a patio outside, but there's only one table at this time. (This may change once the weather exits Hades.) Order at the counter, then take a number & commandeer a table. The parking lot was recently repaved & remodeled, which has made for a better parking situation. Green. Don't leave Phoenix without it!
5	Soyummy! I can't believe that the food here is not meat! My favorite are the take on hot wings. So flavorful and addicting! Of course, I always have to get a soynami when I go! Highly recommend.
5	Oh my gosh best food ever!!!  I'm not a vegetarian but my mother and father-in-laws are.  So on my girls day out with my mother-in-law yesterday I decided to take her to this restaurant due to great reviews with yelpers.  I got tired of eating the same thing and it's hard to pick restaurants for vegetarian.  First of all the staffs are wonderful and so helpful.  Place was very clean even though it was very busy which is a good sign of great food.  I ordered BBBQ bacon burger with thyme fries and my mother-in-law ordered Singapore Orange with fried noodles.  We shared it all to taste since it's our first time there.  Oh my gosh the sandwich was so yummy with that awesome BBQ sauce.  And fries...best fries other then my mom's of course. Even my mother-in-law who's not a fan of fries couldn't stop eating this fries!  She loved this place so much that she's going to bring her husband here.  I was shocked that they never came here since they lived in Chandler for at least 20 years.  Oh and the Singapore Orange was delicious with mock chicken that I could eat all day.  Only thing was my mother-in-law wished there was more noodles so next time we'll order extra fried noodles on the side for her.  We also had tsoynamics recommended by one of the staffs there.  My mother-in-law likes ice cream but doesn't do well with dairy due to her IBS, so when she heard no dairy is in tsoynamics we ordered one and nice staff split one for us.  It was delicious even for me who is ice cream snob.  I LOVE ice cream and this was delicious with very clean after taste.   Yes I will be coming back to try other fabulous items with my meat loving husband.  He's going to be shocked!!!
5	Eat the tsoyamis!! The soft serve ice cream is DELICIOUS! They have a lot of different flavors, but they will also serve you plain vanilla soft serve if you want some simple indulgence !In addition to the the delicious tsoynamis, there are a lot of options to choose from on their menu - from burgers, wraps, and fries, to fresh salads and food bowls (similar to what can be found in portland)an all-vegan restaurant in the desert of phoenix/tempe. ENJOY!
4	I love Green. Every time I visit, either at the Tempe location or in downtown Phoenix, I am blown away by how good they make meatless options yummy. Also, the Green in downtown Phoenix now has alcohol. Sign me up...Cheers.
5	Very flavorful vegan food-hipster approved (; They have yummy vegan desserts as well.
4	I love this place! I've been to Green about five times since I've first had it in April. For all of you vegans or vegetarians who cook a lot of your meals at home, this place is a satisfying getaway from the kitchen. I wouldn't eat here every day of the week because I love preparing my meals and saving money, but Green is a lovely treat!As for customer service, I have no complaints! The employees are welcoming and always deliver your food within 10 minutes of ordering. I recommend the Singapore Orange bowl with mock chicken and brown rice. It's delicious! Treat yourself to an almond milkshake for dessert. You'll leave full and happy :)
5	Ah, what more can be said about this little slice of Heaven in North Tempe? Well, let me offer something from a new perspective: I am a conservative Republican Catholic and I love Green!I often like to come here after work. It is right in the middle of my 2.2 mile commute, and so I can easily walk here, eat, and walk to the next bus stop. So if you see me in my work uniform - I work at a Catholic parish - you will know that I think it is worth the walk.I especially enjoy coming here on Fridays, when I abstain from meat. Now I could be somewhere eating seafood or dairy or eggs, but I choose Green because the food is just that good. My motto? "Hippies have the best food!" Restaurants usually try to be apolitical. The key to a good restaurant is mostly in not offending anyone's ideologies. Green's decor and ambiance is clearly quirky and off-beat and appeals mostly to young hipsters, but you can tell that the only politics important here are kindness to animals and care for the environment. I can get behind these things!I have been here many times now. It is becoming even more of a regular thing as I get used to the three-block walk in between buses. I have tried various dishes and they're all fantastic. Some of the best are the Lemon Pesto Bowl and the Chili Fries with "Cheese". I have also had Edamame, Samosas, and No Harm Chicken Parm, all great. Once I had a mock burger that was weird and would've been sub-standard even for Jack in the Box. But I'm happy to ignore the outliers when the rest is delish. Lately I have quite enjoyed my share of Vanilla Almond Milk Shakes. I am sure these have more than a few calories but it's definitely a refreshing treat on a hot day. And the portion isn't huge, so I don't feel that guilty about indulging.The price is right! Everything is so reasonable, and the servers are super-friendly and nice. An especially nice feature is a big fridge full of interesting drinks, none of which I've ever tried, not to mention the fresh-mixed juices and ades on the counter. Also there is an impulse-buy set of shelves for things to take home, all of which are full of vegetarian goodness.If you're in doubt about what to get, try my favorite. The Lemon Pesto Bowl with House Tofu and Brown Rice. You really can't go wrong. The walnuts in here are a special treat. Plenty of mixed veggies in a delectable tart lemon sauce. I like to break out the chopsticks for this one. Also, don't miss the Tsoynamis, a soft-serve treat that is also refreshing on a hot day. I tried one once and it was wonderful. But being on a diet, I shy away from sugary creamy frozen treats as a matter of course. It's not for me but perhaps it is for you!I am known for my ability to eat just about anywhere a bus stops. I adamantly refuse to go out of my way to eat - that's why when I'm at home on my day off, I am likely to order delivery food or, in a pinch, I might walk one block to a restaurant. Green is so conveniently placed on my commute, and so delicious, that it has rightly taken its place among my regular hangouts. And I am proud to recommend them to other conservatives. Don't let your politics keep you away from really great food!
5	This place is consistently amazing! I used to be a vegetarian so this was a go to place for me! Now that I am back to eating meat I still frequent this awesome vegan restaurant. The BBQ sand which is amazing and would fool any meat lover. My favorite is the Singapore Orange bowl with mock chicken. Also, try the Soy yogurt for dessert!
5	A friend of ours is strictly vegetarian and introduced us to this restaurant. I have eaten at many vegetarian restaurants and often it feels like something is missing. That is not the case here. My favorite is the big wac, it is better than a burger by a similar name.
4	Really cool and fun experience! Lots of dif choices of healthy delicious food and cookies! The wings are awesome and I love their teas.
5	I had the Spicy Thai Peanut Chicken Salad today...AWESOME! I had the small size and it was perfect. Not to big or to small. I will certainly get this again and soon!!!
4	If all vegetarian food tasted like this I would stop being a carnivore.The skinny After missing out on a movie premier and having some time for a date with my significant other who happens to be a pescaterian we decided to try green as she has been dying to try the big wac. We called in our order and decided to pick up order took less than 10 min in and out great :-). The burger was great I could see why it's a big hit and the French fries are awesome I ate the whole batch. What really made my day was the organic sweet lime drink omg it was not too sweet and not too bland but just perfect mix almost like what u would like ur lemonade to come out like. The price was a lil high for me $11.50 for the meal but I think it was worth it. I was beyond full.The bad I asked the cashier if it was possible to try the tea with a sample cup she said yes and gave me a big cup and charged me for it even though I asked just to sample maybe I didn't say it loud enough, and she charged me for it without first confirming that the price went up it ended up being ok as I liked the drinks they had. So no big deal.OverallThis place is a must for anyone looking to improve eating habits or wanna try something diff for a change I will be coming back soon.
4	"I couldn't help it. I can resist everything except temptation."   -Oscar WildeAfter consuming a small salad for lunch at home, Linh L. and I made the decision to try out Green's Tsoynamis around 3PM.  Being part of the 80% of Asians that are lactose-intolerant, I've been wanting to try out their decadent "tsoft tserve" soy-based ice cream.  A short car ride later, we sauntered into Green, the Garden of Eden, and were instantly tempted by the forbidden fruit in the form of a delicious aroma.  I was suddenly hungry and something warm was all too tempting."Would you like to see our menu?" asked the hipster-looking cashier.Yes, Eve.  I would like to see the menu.  Also, I swear you were in the art program at ASU with Linh and me...  Weird.Even though I really have been wanting to try Green's Tsoynamis since I first stumbled upon a picture of it on Instagram, I've been creeping on their online menu.  Ever since that celebratory lunch at Thailicious with the adorable Brett B. and Linh L., I've been dreaming of peanut sauce.  Naturally, I got the Thai Peanut with house tofu.  While it has great flavor and the sauce coats the broccoli, zucchini, carrots, and fried tofu well, it sadly didn't have a strong peanut sauce flavor.  I suppose I went into it hoping it will taste like Thailicious' peanut sauce salad dressing but that was my fault.  It was still delicious on the organic brown rice and I was full without feeling heavy and gross.  I love clean eats!  Linh had their special "RocknRolled Tacos" with Seitan chicken.  He liked it.  Although we were both full and satisfied from our impromptu late-lunch, where I dearly wished we had Brett B. with us, we decided to splurge and get dessert.TSOYNAMIS FOR DAYS!  My banana cream pie tsoynami was delicious.  Linh's Dough Boy was also pretty darn good.  It had giant chunks of cookie dough that made my skirt flip [not literally, unlike my time at Fired Pie].  I sat cross-legged in the booth merrily eating my lactose-free dessert while staring at the artwork, the car doors lining the wall, and all the artsy hipster customers and I was happy.  Outside the rain began to fall.  We came, we dined, and we gave in to the temptation that is Green.  Linh even left with a spumoni cupcake.  You guys are good.  You guys are real good."When women go wrong, men go right after them."  -Mae WestI think Mae was talking about Green and me.  My wallet is feeling lighter and all is right with the world.  I'll be back.  XOXO, Joyce W.
4	Well this adventure started off as a simple quest to try out Green's tsoynami. Somehow the quest grew and sent Joyce W. and I on an epic journey of wondrous taste and exotic delights. Calvin put it best when he said, "Some days even my lucky rocket ship underpants don't help."You know that feeling when your stomach says no more but your taste buds are jumping up and down as if they were in a club yelling out, "More!"? Well Green does that to you. I'm not a big vegetarian but if my own dishes always tasted this good, I wouldn't mind.I had their special, RocknRolled tacos with a side of addicting fries... nami nami so good in my tummi. Then washed it all down with their delicious drinks. However it doesn't end with the taste or super smells but there are the sights. The place is decorated in an artsy cool urban look which gives Green a unique flare all its own. Amazing!
5	Came here with my brother, his wife and friend..for the first time. They never had vegan or mock meats.  They are in love! Everything we had was amazing. Unfortunatly they all live out of state...but I am a fan..will be back soon.
3	First of all, this place is busy so it's obviously a thriving local business and doing very well. The atmosphere is trendy, it has a very hipster "vibe" going on and the staff was overall friendly and helpful. Now about the food. I ordered the Big WAC, which was surprisingly delicious, although a bit greasy (kept dripping in the basket). The thyme fries were good. My husband had the BBQ burger, which he said tasted like cardboard with a layer of sauce which made it...in his words "edible". He made a good point that without the "special sauce" mine probably would've tasted pretty bland too. My little one had the kids "burger" and fries. He didn't realize it wasn't real meat, so that was good :) My other one wasn't as adventurous and just wanted a side salad with balsamic vinaigrette. I happened to notice on the receipt they upcharged us 50 cents to add cucumber (really, $6.50 for lettuce, cucumber and dressing?). Anyways. Kids wanted a chocolate chip cookie for $2 each, which they both said tasted good but a bit dry. I ordered the Banana Cream pie Tsoynami, which I highly recommend. It was huge so you may want to share it. I may have to stop back for another if I'm in the area sometime, but I highly doubt we're going back for the food anytime soon.
2	Green you let me down! Your coconut curry was so plain and flavorless!! Of course my soynami was great and the wings are flavorful but stay away from the curry! I tried putting siracha and the ranch sauce for the wings on the curry but it was still so plain. I really should've given the dish back. It was hard to eat it was so bland. This 2 star is truly only for the coconut curry. Really, really disappointing.
5	I LOVE GREEN. I've been coming here for years and I've probably recommended this place more often than any other place in the Valley.Even though this place is hipster and eco-nut central, their mock chicken and mock beef is where it's at. Their array of homemade juices perfectly compliment the main dishes and their hummus platter hits the spot. If you've never been here, you are missing out.
5	The mock chicken here is bangin good.  Tastes almost like real chicken.I'm not vegan but loved all the food here. Very flavorful and you don't feel guilty stuffing your face.  What is gluten?No gluten here but all them sauce and spice is legit.  Checkout the berry lemonade, took a glass home to add to my vodka, very tasty.  Will make some vegan friends and bring them here soon.
5	Good food consistentlyLove the picnic salad Bowls tooTsunami is a treatFunky and funA border spot at Tempe and ScottsdaleTry it
4	Very good vegetarian food, although I'm not a huge fan of their fake processed meat products. I do like their bowls. Nice, casual ambience.
3	test
5	I love the food at Green. I've tried many other vegan restaurants in the valley and Green is by far my favorite. Please consider opening a Chandler location, I would be able to go way more often.
5	I'm not vegan, or even vegetarian, but this place is delicious. I've been here a few times and got a couple different sandwiches and one of their bowls and everything I've had was really good. I'll take their Big WAC over a Big Mac any day.
5	This place is amazing. Great tasting food, and awesome concept. I'm not vegan and it still taste normal to me. Great place to ease someone who wants to become vegan. Try the drunken mushroom or big wac. U won't be disappointed.
5	I had their fake turkey special wrap today and it was awesome. Employees have always been nice, friendly and helpful. Definitely making more returns and recommending to others. For a guy that loves meat, I love this vegetarian style food stop.
4	On those days I wake up feeling like a hippie.. I come here.No offense to the regulars, but it is without a doubt the center for hippies and hipsters of Scottsdale. Attire: Unique? Now do not be put off by their food selection. Yes it is all Fake Meat. Yes it is all vegan. No it does not taste like cardboard. Yes you will love this and feel bad about liking meat and go into a moral dilemma. Don't worry grab a vegan cookie and you will feel even better/worse. Just Kidding.I have enjoyed every single thing I have had on their menu.. and their desserts are really good. I always question if the meat is real or not.. because it is super tasty.. and the flavors just pop in all of their bowls.
5	first off, let me state for the record:I am NOT one of those hippy, vegan, alt eaters.  i neeed my meat.  i LOVE gluten.  (true story: i have a bunch of moderate to serious health problems. the day they told me i showed signs of celiac and should probly cut back on the gluten, i cried like a baby! i took it waaaayy worse than any of the other illnesses. but i digress) Having said that, GREEN is an amazing place to eat for anyone.  seriously, take your meat eater friends.  blindfold them and tell them they're going to a steak house and order for them... well maybe not that far,  but you get the idea.  i was really skeptical, but it was really good.it's a good transition into alt eating.
5	Great food! This is a must for any vegetarian int he area.
4	I eat meat but love this place.  I have had the faux chicken sandwich--- it is awesome. I also have had the Thai curry bowl--- very, very good. Another item you MUST try is their berry punch or lemonade. They are freakin' awesome. Service is friendly and everyone is very cool and laid back. It must be that they do not eat meat which makes you somewhat irritable and violent?!?!  LOL.Get a friend who thinks vegan food is dumb or nasty and take them with you. Chances are, you will open their eyes.I recommend this place wholeheartedly.
2	My review is exactly the description of the rating - "Meh. I've experienced better." I honestly don't understand what the hype is. I don't like their buffalo wings. They're garlicky and have a strange smokey flavor. I just wanted regular buffalo sauce. I asked for it, but they still came out in this weird sauce. I ordered the chicken po boy and the sandwich was so soggy I actually took it home to try to re-toast it. It had such a weird flavor. The frys were good, but soggy as well. The peanut thai chicken salad is good but I've definitely had better. Don't get me wrong - it's nice having a vegan burger joint but I'm just not a big fan. It's too expensive for the hype that it gets. The parking is awful. I wish they were open for sunday breakfast. That I would actually go back for! But unless they do that, I won't be going back and wasting another $20. I should have just gone to true food! I could have gotten a salad and a sandwich for less than $20.
5	*****Wanted to let all know this location is closed for remodeling. The other location off of 7th is open though.Great food.
1	I too had a horrible experience with Valley Income Properties. They managed our apartment building for a year. In that year, security deposits decreased over 50%, rents decreased, laundry income decreased, lease terms went from 1 year to 6 months and late fees for overdue rent were very rarely collected. As the owner, I had to take over lease extensions because the property manager couldn't get it done. When I asked Rich (the VIP manager who handled our building) via email about my concerns regarding decreased security deposits, expired leases, late fees, etc, his brother Jeff (the owner of VIP) replied and told me I needed to stop micro managing. As the owner of VIP, Jeff should have picked up the phone and talked with me about my concerns instead of being defensive and confrontational about his brother. While he monitored Rich's email, he did not monitor his text or our face to face meetings when Rich told me he managed 24 other properties and was overwhelmed. VIP lacks professionalism and people skills. I would not recommend them at all. The good news is the new property management is professional and competent.
5	My fav is the Diablo Red bowl!  Very delicious!Also check out the tSoynami (a homemade vegan soy soft serve)
4	This is definitely vegan comfort food. It's greasy and heavy, but that's what is awesome about it. If you are craving those foods that you miss, this is the place to go. I always have to get the big wac because it completely reminds me of a big mac. It satisfies that fast food craving. This place has even pleased non-vegetarian/vegan, picky eaters.
5	I have been to Green over 10 times so I feel confident giving a review. I have yet to try something there I didn't like. We always order the wings to share and then get our own meal. I am gluten free and they make it easy to find delicious and filling items.
5	Great change from the unhealthy lunches I was use to in the Pacific NW.  I tried the tofu Thai peanut rice bowl and the poblano humus.  Both were seasoned perfect with great flavor's.  Plenty of veggies and I didn't leave hungry!  I will be back more often than not!  Food Guy Out!
5	BBQ chicken is to die for!
2	So, this place has always been a favorite of mine here in the valley, although I haven't been into this place in awhile, I decided that me,my wife, and daughter would eat here, since we were in the area and like stated above, I hadn't been in awhile. So we go in and it's a new remodel, which is great! I used to go to this place 10 years ago when it was just one side of the space it's in now. So obviously, they are doing well, when I used to go in that long ago, the owner would occasionally be in there and they happened to be the nicest person ever! Well now that's where it has all changed, this place as far as service, and customer help is awful now. The young woman (blonde short hair) behind the counter was borderline awkward, and didn't even say hi or greet us in anyway? How is that ok? And how is saying next to nothing a way to work a service job? So onto the food, delicious as always, at least that hasn't changed. After we are done eating, my wife had some food left over, and man, had I known I was gunna get attitude for not knowing what their food comes in when its to go, I would have just left it there. And that attitude was from a different person (brown haired woman with glasses) like "oh man, sorry I didn't know your chips came in a bag, and not a box" so to conclude this review I would say if this place didn't have great/good food, and wasn't one of the only vegan/vegetarian places in town, this place wouldn't be doing as well as it is. I gave two stars cuz the food is still very good, but the service is horrid, so don't go here planning to be treated any better than you would be treated at a drive thru, fast food restaurant.
5	They have been closed due to remodeling for some time now and as of this review, do not know whether they are open... But I can't wait!!!I'm really hesitant to use the "v" word here as to scare any individuals away, because it shouldn't.  I've been going to this little eclectic eatery about once a month for the past few years.  It's a great to take your vegetarian friends and even more fun to take the meat eaters too.I've probably had pretty much everything on their varied menu that consists of Asian to american and a few little twists in between.  Definitely get a appetizer and while I like their salads, save it for a return trip if it's your first time.  If you like whatever it is on the menu at your favorite restaurant, you'll like it here too!  I absolutely love garlic and its a staple in most of their bowls and other items.  It's not overwhelming, but still noticeable and this is a  warning.  As for the tofu items, I've only sampled a bit and it seems to be good, but with the mock meats offered and how amazing they are from taste to texture, I save the tofu when I'm forced to go to some other vegan place that doesn't offer it and not quite as awesome either.I'm a meat eater and have zero plans of changing.  However, if I got locked inside green for a month, I'd be quite the happy camper!
5	Easy to miss this place and you should not.  It is next door to Salvation Army store. The Tahini Coleslaw is fantastic. So is the Hummus & Chips. The sweet lime drink is pleasant and I found it to be perfect with the food. The Coconut Currywith house tofuand noodles was good. The vegatables and tofu were better than the noodles. It is a place I would gladly eat at daily.
4	This was a fun place to get take out. I ordered two menu items with satisfaction with each one, even hours later. I look forward to an opportunity to go back.
5	Green Is amaze balls! The decor is attractive, the tunes are great and the peeps are cool. The food is plenty to rave about. It's only my second visit here and I just want more Green! The sweet potato tots, I recommend it. Want fresh air? Bring your pup, there a cute little patio area.
5	So good!! Meat tastes like the real thing too...
5	This place rocks! Tsoynamis are the best vegan ice cream I've ever had. Everything here is vegan and delicious. The big wax and 'buffalo' wings are super popular. Cole slaw and fries are both delicious too. I just wish they were open on Sundays!!
5	Always a winner when we visit AZ, from Appetizer to Dessert, a great meal all around!
4	I have been eating a vegetarian diet for about five months now. My first month from switching from a carnivore diet to the veggie life was not too difficult due to the amazingness that is Green! I recommend their "Big Wac" w/ thyme fries! Also, their mac & cheese is amazing!
4	The spicy and Argentine sandwiches are fantastic. The "wings" are usually spot on but the last time were very poorly made. Hopefully that was a one time thing because they're so good! My girlfriend loves their bowls which I've only tasted (they're delicious) but I'm a glutton for their sandwiches. Yet to try their desserts but the drinks they offer are fantastic. Now I need to try their Phoenix location
5	Delicious flavorful food and yummy ice creams. Love this place! I'm not even vegetarian much less vegan, but I like mock chicken more than real chicken now thanks to you. I find myself craving a big wac every now and then and brunch is great too! So glad to have made your acquaintance :)
3	I ate the Big Wac (vegan-simulated big mac with tofu patties). The burger was as close as you could get to simulating this McD burger. But the real thing isn't even close to tasting like real meat either, so the flavorless tofu patties didn't have to accomplish much. It was very large and falling apart, so I had to toss the middle bun to eat it. I was impressed with their dairy-free thousand island, not too shabby. Their thyme fries were great. Dropped a couple of stars because the food wasn't fantastic, and the girl behind the counter wasn't friendly.
