4	The Perch did a 'soft opening' on Valentine's day which was pretty cool.  We got their early knowing it would get crowded and got some great seats.  We started on the roof which is set up nicely but unfortunately there were issues with the bar varnish? and so they had some plastic over it.  There were some other great spots to hang upstairs but we saw they only had four taps up top.  We then sat downstairs near the bar and really enjoyed the vibe of the place.  We met tons of nice people, many of which were from the brewing arena.  We also got to take a great tour of the new brew equipment in the side yard area with all new beautiful stainless equipment that soon they should have up and running.  Though they are not brewing onsite yet, the handles on the wall will not disappoint.  They did a great job selecting beers with everything from Sex Panther to fruit infused brews to hard ciders to Chimay,  The food was OK but needs some work.  I was not a fan of the pizzas due to the dough they used and the beer sausage was dry and grainy.  The Green Chili Pork Torta was pretty darn good though. For an opening night I was most impressed with the service.  THEY GOT SLAMMED and packed to the gills quickly and instead of it feeling chaotic and frenzied, there was just a fun busy feeling to it.  My drink was never empty and everything came quickly.  The open courtyard area is done very well and the rescued birds that are there are fun and certainly thoughtfully placed considering it is a food establishment.  About the only thing wrong with the layout is the need for more bathrooms.  Looking forward to heading back to this place when a few kinks are ironed out.  Kudos to them for a great opener.
2	Went to check out the soft opening yesterday. Great outdoor patio, atmosphere, and nice place if you're just looking to get a quick drink but was disappointed with the food. Seemed a little over priced for the quality of ingredients they were using and not the kind of place I would go to get a full meal in the future. Will try and check it out again when they start brewing their own beer.
5	good times. we've got live music, lots of patio seating, there are parrots on view. upstairs bar and views. its a soft opening weekend, so give the servers some time to settle in.
5	This restaurant is amazing. They really go above and beyond for customer service! The food is good. It's definitely a fair price for everything they offer. With a fancy drink and food for two, you're looking at less than twenty dollars a person. When you include the atmosphere and quality, it's more than fair. The drinks are definitely a selling point, very good and underpriced. They give out free samples in a regular basis. Your food may take a little time in busy hours, but it comes out rather quickly, is tasty, and exactly as described. The Internet is fast and they have both wall outlets and USB chargers strategically placed throughout. The atmosphere and layout is fantastic; there is no bad seat in the house. I cannot wait to bring friends and family here!
3	A wonderful atmosphere with great potential. We had dinner on the second week after opening and it was hectic, poor table lighting to read menu, food and service was slow because they were so busy. But we will be back to see how they have worked out the kinks. Great partnership to care for birds.
3	Went to The Perch with a buddy of mine yesterday for beers and lunch. The Good:They have an extensive beer list, with some really great beers. I was a fan of the strawberry beer, and the grapefruit slam IPA. Ordered the black bean patty salad, and it was very tasty and enjoyable. Went up to the top of the restaurant, and there is a great lounge area that was awesome to sit at in the great weather. The environment of the restaurant was very nice, they have birds in cages, and it almost looks like a patio, but in a good way. I enjoyed what was around me while eating. The Bad:The service was terrible. My buddy got his beer first, and mine took so long to get that I literally forgot I ordered it. No joke. Our salads came very slowly too. Even the waitress approached us at one point asking, "where are your salads?" to which I replied, "good question!" We all had a laugh, and I wasn't trying to be rude, but it REALLY was taking too long for a salad. It also took just as long to get our check, and the waitress mixed up our bills multiple times. Because of this, when I got home, I came to find out that she had charged my card for my lunch AND my buddy's. I called the restaurant back and gave them my information...the general manager was who I spoke with and he apologized and told me he cancelled the extra charge. Of course, this happened on a saturday, so I am still waiting to see if it will in fact cancel, or fall off my account come tomorrow. As of right now, I'm down 30 dollars that I should have. Very irritated about this. All in all, if it wasn't for the service and the bill mix up, I would have given it a much higher rating. I WILL go back in hopes that this was a one time fluke, and hopefully will have a better experience next time. Guess we'll see!
1	1. If you want a cold beer.  Don't come....2. If you want good service.  You apparently need to let them get established.3.  If you want mediocre food that's over priced.  You're here....look no more4.  If you want anything beside 3 beers or  hard alcohol.  Don't sit upstairs.....We waited with our name on the list for upstairs balcony.  They didn't even care where we were.  It was apparently self sit.  2 hours later...  Our waiter said he can get us hard alcohol but he would need to walk down the stairs and was tired cause he had been walking them since 10am.  We got our own drinks.  Then the beer was warm.  I got mud shark wheat beer and it was sour from being so warm.  They have been open a week.  How is it bad???  Cause they didn't properly setup anything before opening.  It is so mismanaged its sad.  We are really excited about this place.  Horrible service and beer.  They are craft beer and food.  Our hostess acknowledged that they gave us a bad experience and said they would buy a round of drinks for the four of us.  Nobody did and we were so tired of the place we left and went to San tan brewery.  A place that has good food and is managed properly.  The place has a good atmosphere but nobody knows what they are doing.
5	Just lunched here and experienced very good food and excellent service.  Our waitress, Debbie-O, told us they were still in their soft-opening phase and advised the menu was still a work in progress.  We tried the chip & dip trio to start and LOVED the guacamole and the mango salsa.  I had the citrus chicken caesar and my wife had the citrus shrimp salad...both were very flavorful and worth their $10 prices.  We ordered an 8" personal pizza to try and found it very good as well.We sat on the rooftop patio and the overall experience was very good.  It's always nice trying a new restaurant.  We don't drink so can't comment on the beers, etc. but will definitely be going back for the food & service.
1	It is hard to have a good experience when you have to use the restroom located outside of the establishment and then it is a port a potty? Really? That is something you would see at a fair while stepping on hay and dodging manure. On top of that you would think that with all of the delays (I believe like over 4 months) that all of the "kinks" would have been figured out. How long can an establishment use the excuse of a soft opening? And I am not sure how sanitary all of the birds are right there by where tables are located. The experience upstairs should be just as good if not better than the one inside but with the limited selection of drinks I found it to be less than great.
1	I really want to support new breweries. I spend a lot of time and money at San Tan, Wilderness, and 4 Peaks. I was excited to try out The Perch. The excitement did not last. I had one beer (4 Peaks Hop Knot) and left. The music sucks. If I want to hear Margaritaville and easy listening classics I'll go on a 55+ cruise. This alone was enough to drive me out. The brewery itself is decent, but it's in the ghetto and surrounded by trash. The appeal of sitting on the 2nd story balcony is lost when you are looking down on piles of garbage. While looking at the large cockatoo on the first floor, I was told by a staff member that the bird is 'a vicious animal, a face biter and he will tear your fingers right off'. Doesn't seem like the best idea to have this bird in the middle of a bar, in a cage with large openings, but what do I know. The seating on the upper level is from an old nightclub. I remember seeing it for sale on Craigslist. It is completely out of place and uncomfortable.
5	I was there twice.  One the week of the opening then again last weekend.  It was packed - it was crazy!   The place is fun and fabulous!!!!    A person at every seat upstairs and down.  We were waited-on, and checked-up by staff and management, they were very concerned for our wait time, and we appreciated it.  We were not in a hurry.  It's a fun, unique , place with a young vibe.  Keep up the good work.  I'm coming back, with friends and family.
3	Great new craft beer and wine restaurant with an awesome 2nd floor patio. It's worth checking out for drinks and appetizers on a nice night. Mind you, they have a few kinks to iron out, but lots of potential for this spot in downtown Chandler. We decided to check it out on a weekend evening for dinner. Be sure to call ahead for reservations! Our wait was about 45 minutes, but there were a couple seats at the bar upstairs. The view is neat because it's unique to the area. You can see the lights on South Mountain and tops of neighboring buildings. Downstairs they have an exotic bird exhibit featuring some really colorful avians. Truly living up to their name in more ways than one!Ready to imbibe, I tried the Deschutes River Ale, a golden blonde beer that won't fill you up before dinner. If you know me, you know I like blondes. They have all kinds of great specials on beer, wines and mixed drinks too.For dinner, we ordered the chips and three kinds of dip: Guacamole (pretty good), mango mix (really good), and something with red peppers (not so good). Also, we tried their Southwest "Margarita" pizza, topped with mozzarella, tomato, chimichurri sauce, and chili infused olive oil. A slightly spicier take on the original margherita, it was decent but not outstanding. It could be improved with a crispier crust. Our waiter seemed inexperienced, at one point leaving us for a while after we had reminded him to bring the check. Overall, the staff was nice but seemed overwhelmed.I'm really looking forward to returning. This place has the makings of being an excellent stop in my Chandler rotation.
1	Does the owner not understand that this review should help him.  Don't criticize people on yelp for having a bad experience at your place.  That's suicide, you are one person.  We aren't the only ones who had a bad experience.  I had 4 people with me.  Would you like all them to put their review on here?  Learn how to run a business.  Also, nothing you did that night dynamically changed on the fly.  You had 3 hostess downstairs doing nothing.  Put 1 on the roof top patio and then sit people up there.  Problem solved.
5	So, after reading some other Yelp reviews, I apparently stumbled into some random house in the barrio complete with porta-potties and swarming attack birds.  Oh and also, Chandler sucks!  Haters goin' hate I guess...But ANYWAY, that wasn't my experience...  I know they are still in soft opening stages, but I'm giving this place 5 stars.  Are they there yet, no, probably a 4 as they work stuff out.  Are they going to be, I think yes, and if they aren't I'll come back and change it.First, as far as setting goes... I happen to like downtown Chandler, so I can't really complain that this place is IN downtown Chandler.  I think it is a nice addition to the other great places in the area.  The whole place is very open so It is a welcomed change from being inside all the time.  I like the option of hanging around in the court yard or going up to the roof.  Oh and there are birds.  Not just the rescued ones at the restaurant, which are all in cages, but also flying around outside... because nature is good like that.  The inside has that gastro pub feel I'd expect as well.  Also, yes, the restroom entrances are outside, but they are nice on the inside.  My experience was porta-potty free.  I'll  take the WIFI and accessibility to plugs around the bar too.  Do I want to enjoy a beer while getting some work done while hanging out in the courtyard again?... YUP!The beer selection was nice.  Honestly that's really why I'd wanted to go here.  I  liked the wide variety of beers that were on tap.  Sours, Fruit beer, IPAs, etc...  Between that and the wine and martini offerings, it gives everyone a little something they can enjoy.  I can't wait to see what kind of beers they make once their own brewery gets going.  Oh I also like the Happy Hour specials and daily beer specials.  I hope they keep that going.I was actually surprised by the food.  For a beer places I wasn't expecting much, but the eclectic menu has a lot of good stuff that goes well with the beers.  I tried a piece of 3 different pizzas on happy hour and they were all tasty.  The homemade sausage plate was amazing.  A bunch of different mustard to go along with it.  I'll be getting that again.  I know it is only a soft menu so far, but I'm liking what I see.  PLEASE don't listen to complainants about about the menu selections.  We have enough burger places, seriously.Service.  It was fine by me.  I usually don't expect much from new places, but there were a bunch of staff around helping people out and getting trained.  Even one of the owners was coming around and asking everyone about their experience.  I get the sense that they are really making an effort to provide everyone with a good experience.
1	Well, first off, I was SO excited to try this place out in Chandler.  As a resident of Chandler, and someone who frequents the DC area, I was happy to see a new brewery show up, especially one with a really cool outdoor patio concept.  I was even more curious about how the service would be, because a month ago I visited Yoli's Cafe for breakfast and saw a bit of construction going on.  I also, unfortunately, witnessed an employee (I'm assuming the owner) yelling and belittling a construction worker in the middle of the Perch while he was cutting plywood.  It was a little unsettling to witness, and I actually felt embarrassed for all involved.  Anyway, back to the Perch.  We visited this past weekend with hopes of sitting on the rooftop patio.  We were nicely greeted by a hostess who said she would put us on the list to get a seat upstairs.  She offered us the opportunity to sit at the bar or the white couches until our seat was available.  We decided to head up, and ordered one of the beers on the upstairs menu (oak creek Hef) and a glass of the $5 Pinot Grigio.  We were told that they didn't have either of those upstairs, although it states clearly on the menu that they did.  So, we headed downstairs to try again.  I was initially very excited about the $5 wine, because that is a reasonable price.  When I received my glass of wine I was shocked to see the under pour.  It was not an appropriate amount...no matter how much the cost.  Also, the beer we ordered downstairs was not cold.  The person I was with ended up drinking a Michelob Ultra (at a craft beer place) out of a bottle instead of getting another warm beer from the keg.   We endlessly waited to be seated after watching numerous people just walk upstairs and take seats at their leisure.  We even asked the hostess and she didn't have much to say.  We ended up just sitting on the white couches and further received subpar service.  We met up with friends who again had to go downstairs to get their own drinks....a soda even!  The food was ok, but also overpriced for the quality.  Pizza was cold.  One other issue we had was the HORRIBLE smell of a cigar right next to us.  It was so bad and so strong, it ruined the food for us.  I don't know how you can alleviate that situation, but one person smoking should not ruin the ambiance for everyone else.  How about no cigars allowed around food?!  Yuck.  I'm disappointed in seeing the OWNER of a restaurant berating and criticizing patrons.  We all came to the Perch for one reason: to have a good time!  We WANT to see this business do well because many of us are from Chandler.  I hope that the owner thinks twice about "burying" his customers on Yelp with negative remarks.  Good luck!
5	I know this place is just getting started... but WOW.  The hummus is fa bu lous.   The fruit/goat cheese dip is a must---and take some home. YUM. The food is good, yet the menu is still teeny, I'm sure that'll grow with the place.  The Big deal here... the atmosphere just does it all.   I feel like I just fell down some wormhole and landed on an amazing Caribbean or Jamaican patio.  Birds and all....   Is that my long lost pet parrot Bob over there?  I love it.   This place is so refreshing!!!  There's a roof top patio - looks great for doing some drinkin, maybe after work for me. I will be back. Thanks to the owners for such a cool, fresh and unique concept!
4	My husband and I had dinner and drinks here tonight (a Thursday). They've been open about 2 weeks and the menus still say "soft opening" which is totally understandable. The beer list is fantastic - we were a little disappointed that they don't have any house brews available yet, but again, understandable. We enjoyed the beers we got (including the beer I had from Huss, a local brewery that I was trying for the first time). The owner came by a couple of times to make sure that we were enjoying ourselves and that everything was fine, a touch that was very much appreciated. We had some service issues (we're pretty sure the waitress forgot to put in our food order, and we waited an hour for it). They more than made up for it when the bill came - it's one thing to make mistakes and have issues in a brand new restaurant, but it definitely makes things better when they are acknowledged and recognized.We sat on the rooftop patio which is GORGEOUS. I know this place is going to be bursting at the seams soon enough. The food was tasty (the beer sausage plate and the fries on the side were especially notable). Definitely some room for improvement, but a ton of potential. We loved the birds, too! We were surprised (in a good way) at how many there were! The parrots were gorgeous. The place was less crowded than it probably would be on a weekend night, but we didn't see anyone sitting anywhere close to the birds. There didn't appear to be any sanitation issues with the birds, so I'm not sure where some of the other reviewers were coming from with that.
4	This place is new and located in downtown chandler. It has only been open maybe 3 weeks and they have been doing a soft opening. The menu is limited to a few appetizers, salads, sandwiches and pizza. My friend and I both got salads and it was pretty good. The salad was very fresh and the dressing was tasty but light. The place is very open and it also offers a roof top patio space( nice to eat out on a sunny day). They have happy hour 2-7. I love that as soon as you walk into the place you see cages of live parrots. The birds are really pretty to look at but when your sitting close by them it's kinda annoying when it's squeaking by your ear. They have plenty of drinks to choose from but not all are available yet. The owner came around a few times to the tables to see if everyone was ourselves and that was nice. I'm giving them only four stars because they were understaffed the night we went and it took forever for the server to come and take our orders. Defiantly some room for improvement but it has great potential!
4	What a refreshing new place!  I loved the rooftop terrace and drank beer out in the sun with my family.  I tried a few beers (a strawberry one and a peach variety) that were delicious.  Goat's cheese dip is excellent and the Rebecca's topless black bean burger too.  Our waitress was a sweet girl who was sensitive in getting our orders out quickly.  This is a great place to pass a Saturday or Sunday afternoon.  Very relaxing, and thank you for opening a pub that's got great ambiance!  I will be back!
5	Great little gem in downtown Chandler that has quality food and even better beer!  Happy hour is from 2-7 and had great food and drink specials. I will be up on the rooftop patio enjoying the sun next time I go.
5	I came here on a Friday night with some friends to enjoy the nice weather and have a couple brews. Parking is close by in a dirt lot with just a quick walk over to the front. Friendly staff and one of the owners greeted us right away as we went upstairs. A nice crowd of people were there, enjoying their drinks with friends. The bar upstairs was slammed so drinks took about 10 minutes to get. I started with a San Tan Hefe, which was cold and delicious. I was with a big group and were able to sit on the nice couches and then moved to an area with smaller tables to nibble on appetizers. The food choices are different but did enjoy what we ordered. Our group had the chips and salsa, which came with 3 different dips. We also ordered the cheese platter and the hummus. The hummus does have a kick, which I wasn't expecting, so I stuck with just eating the veggies. Cheese platter was delicious, especially with a nice cold beer. Chips and dip were good too. Servers were around to take orders, which made getting drinks and food easy. They do have angry orchard, which I ordered next. The view, weather and vibe of the Perch was really awesome and my favorite part. It is so relaxing to drink, hang out and just enjoy other people's company. I talked with many new people that night, including the owners. James came over to personally thank us for coming and asked if he could get us anything. Personally, I think that is awesome and makes me want to come back even more. Oh, and the women's bathroom is decorated really cute, nice touch!Yes, this place is new and does still have kinks to work out. It's truly a unique spot and I really had a great time. I can't wait to come back and enjoy, whether it's with a group of friends or on a date with my boyfriend.Great job James, keep up the good work!!
5	Well, I experienced this on a rainy day. Not the best choice, but... This place is amazing!The patio is beautiful, you can hear the birds talking and singing, which is pretty awesome! I had -I don't remember how many- great beers, selection is absolutely insane. Staff is very friendly and welcoming. We first sit outside, before the rain goes crazy. Then we moved inside, atmosphere was so nice. I had the hummus, which is so good and very large for the price... I absolutely love that place, I'll go again and again with my boyfriend or friends or family!Highly recommended!
5	My first time here and it is awesome!  ANDREW was kind enough to give us tour of the upcoming brewery! I can't wait to try the brews.  The beer list is amazing. Each time I get to try something new.  On the upstairs patio and the staff is very attentive never letting my glass get empty. We are only had a couple of apps the hummus is amazing!  Next time we will be here for dinner!  Also live music on a Sunday afternoon yes please! Not to mention a perfect patio day in Arizona. PerfectWeather!
5	The Perch is a great out door bar and the ambiance is like no other in the Chandler. Being a craft brew bar they have a wide range of tasty beers. Not to mention the roof top bar is nice change of scenery.
5	I went there the first time with couple of friends. I probably wouldn't have found it if my friends didn't show me where it is.  The atmosphere was really awesome! I love the layout of the bar and the decorations there. The beer selection was impressive for a place just opened for only a week. Our waiter told us that they plan on brewing their own beers as well. Can't wait! Recommend their happy hour pizza deal!
1	Still using the soft opening excuse. No one greeted us today. Server on the roof recommend a beer they were out of. Went to sit downstairs and found it difficult to be served. We had a table just no server. With the exception of Andrew, I found the entire staff to be rude and lacking knowledge of their own menu. Our server never introduced himself and seemed to lack server experience. My wife was greeted at the table to a totally offensive "joke" tied to the mason candle. I think it may have fallen off before we left.  We actually had a female server stop at our table to ask US about what we eating.     I went with excitement but left very disappointed. I will give them another try in a few weeks when the soft opening is over.
3	Love the potential this place has, but they still have a lot kinks to work out. We sat on the patio, which was very relaxing, but it took about 10 min to have our table cleaned and drink orders taken. Our waitress was very sweet, but very uneducated about the beers and what beers were actually available. Menu was very limited, so we tried their gourmet beer sausage with 3 dipping sauces. Wasn't that tasty, there was a strong seasoning or herb that was very overpowering. Plus, it came out lukewarm. Definitely wasn't worth the steep price... Overall, it's a great atmosphere behind a great concept and I will definitely be back, but I'll give it another month or 2 before returning. I'm a huge fan of local breweries, so I'm looking forward to trying their own house brews.
2	I'll keep this brief as I hope they can make improvements and I can write a better review later but here it goes.....First time here was awesome....shoot first week here was awesome! Five Stars all the way, think I made it in 5 nights the first week. Atmosphere is unlike any other place, food was good, amazing beer on draft, I was a huge advocate and recommended it to everyone, which now is quite embarrassing.  With so much potential its sad to see a place like this go down hill so quick. The last few times I've been in  everything has been absolutely miserable. Service is terrible, waiters seem confused, food and drink is sporadic on whats in stock and whats not....things are just all over in the place.....you can tell they are lacking in leadership and direction which I can see now as I hear they have parted ways with their GM. And the jokes in the bathroom and tables are HILARIOUS...mom really enjoyed them. Props to AJ (Ashley), Ethan, and Brandon....they rocked and are whats going to save this place.
4	This is a great spot to meet up with friends and have a cold drink...or two! Lots of choices for beer. I love the patio deck. Great add to the many choices in downtown Chandler.
4	First time checking out The Perch was yesterday, and was pleasantly surprised with all the good stuff packed into a quirky little spot.  Took out of town family and had a great time.  Service was good.  Dustin was friendly, hard working and made our experience very good.  We'll be back to enjoy the great atmosphere, good food, and rooftop sunsets.
3	The atmosphere is awesome! On the other hand, we ordered wings and they said they were out (it was only 6pm). Then we ordered the trio hummus which was not good. For an entree I got the guacamole and chili burger that was pretty good. Lastly, the service was alright. I think this would be such a great place if they could fix the menu and spruce up service.
1	This place doesn't know what it wants to be but I can tell you what it is: WEAK. From the management sitting on it's ass at the bar to the out of stock draft selections. Do me a favor you're in downtown chandler please accept that fact and embrace the average bar scene or the family restaurant crowd, you can't have both. Oh and PS thanks for the flat/room temperature 4th beer choice I made.
3	Nice atmosphere, great service and drink selection. Heads up everyone, limited menu and each one if our dinner orders was flawed (6 of us). Chicken Caesar, no cheese. Tater Tots, cold. Fries, cold. etc. etc. Food, when right- pretty ordinary. Oddly enough, we liked it due to ambience and staff. This is a 100% patio restaurant. We'll be back on a nice night, but just for the bar area.
4	really like this place, it has great food and will have their own beer soon. the birds and roof top bar are very entertaining as well. the only downside to this place is they allow smoking which is ridiculous people!!
1	Advertised hours until 12:30 am seven days a week. Four of us walk in and the bartender says "We closed at 11". I tell him it would be nice if the advertised hours say that. I've only been in the business 20 years" He proceeds to say "I'll be sure to let the owners know that" Attitude will get you nowhere in this industry. I don't know care how "new" the business is, you should know Hospitality Basics 101.
2	Management wake up! You have the coolest  restaurant/bar around but the service is probably the worst I have ever seen. I have been here several times and the same problem continues... Poor service! Serving staff is lacking direction, in fact I saw several customers leave because they could not get service and the waitress didn't even know they were her table to serve. It took me 30 minutes to get a beer on several of my visits. The positive is the atmosphere both on the rooftop and downstairs. It is unique and very cool. Also the food I have tried was different and very tasty. If you go to the rooftop be prepared as the service is very slow. I learned to order 30 minutes in advance to get my order due to the slow service. This could be a fantastic place to go for food and drink, but if the service does not improve customers will eventually get too frustrated and find somewhere else to go, and in Downtown Chandler there are plenty of options.
5	My husband and I went here the other night and were pleasantly surprised! We had many friends that had recommended it and were so glad we went. The food was great and unique, there were a lot of great beers on draft (try the strawberry Belgian fruit beer my new favorite), and the staff was very friendly! They also have fun areas to play checkers and chess which was a lot of fun while we were waiting for a table!
4	The ambiance and friendliness of the staff are stellar. It's got an open-air feel at every table since the walls are rolled up, and there are plenty of patio and upper deck seats.We tried the beer cheese and beer sausage pizza and cheese board. Both were tasty, although I'd give the edge to the pizza.They have 30 beer handles plus some bottled beer, so there are lots of great options. We saw a sign for $5 house wine specials every day, which is pretty nice on a weekend night.A shuttle is offered for those within 10 miles, which is a very nice service. We did not use it, as I was the designated driver, but we probably will in the future.How to improve to 5 stars:1. Offer desserts. We heard that pizza cookies are being developed, so this is on the way.2. The cheese board had very few crackers and a lot of cheese. This could have used more crackers. We used our pizza crust as a substitute.3. The price point is just a little bit high. Slightly lower prices or larger portions would make The Perch more competitive with the neighboring SanTan Brewery.
2	Went in for the first time a couple weeks ago- aside from an undrinkable cocktail that needed to be sent back it was a pleasant enough dining experience. The food was solid, servers seemed a bit overwhelmed but were adequate, and the ambiance was great. We thought we would give it another go last night but were disappointed. After being seated we failed to receive any acknowledgement from our section's server. After a solid 15 minutes of being ignored we decided to take our money elsewhere. Fortunately there are many more put together operations for good food and drink in downtown Chandler (Vintage 95 and San Tan to name a few) and we will be giving them our business, at least until The Perch makes some necessary improvements.
2	I attempted to try The Perch for the 3rd time last night but after not being acknowledged after over 15 minutes I decided to leave and take my business elsewhere. I did not have great experiences the first 2 times I was there, but I figured it take time for a new gastropub to work out the kinks. The second time I was there I had adequate service and the food and beer were pretty good so I figured it would be even better this time, but I apparently mistaken. It would have been nice to have a service staff member or managment stop by our table while we sat waiting, but they were too busy to take care of us I guess. I did not receive any attention from an employee until I decided to walk out and he just asked "is everything o.k.". The same server stood at the hostess stand and was high fiving customers as they left, while we waited for to be served. On a positive note we did go to another a wine lounge within walking distance from The Perch and had excellent service, food, and drink. Great potential though.
5	I have been here a few times.  The beer ad wine is great!  I love sitting I the roof top.  I have had the wings, tater tots, sausage platter, and hummus.  All were fantastic.  I can't wait to try more food here.  Pricing is pretty good ad the happy hour prices are solid.  I recommend coming here at least once.  They have only been open a month and are still working out some of the kinks but I love this place.
5	Great place, they were overcrowded and short staffed (due to waiters calling in sick) yet did everything they could to make us happy. I highly recommend. The beer tub lady was super friendly too
4	I love the bird concept - And I would love to know the story behind the idea.  Is the owner a lover of birds?    In the evening though, they nearly all have their little beaks tucked into their wings, trying to get some shut eye.  The architecture is awesome, and the place is quite lively.  Fun music, which they did turn down when it got too loud to have a conversation.  Very nice beer list, with ones I have not seen elsewhere.  Even served the stout at a nice temperature, so I did not have to wait for it to warm up.  Huss, Hess, Dragoon, 4 Peaks, San Tan, Lagunitas ... The smoked burgers sounded great, but were overcooked.  Nice tots.  They had Sriracha too, thank goodness.  Nice vegetarian options on the menu also.  Could use some desserts -- something ooye gooyee chocolaty is my recommendation. Also, I hear they will be brewing their own.  Which got us talking about bird-themed names for their brews.  Albatross Ale.  Toucan for the imperial IPA (because, two-can-do-you-in).  Red Robin Red.  Looking forward to another visit!Oh, I disagree - the birds are not gross.  Birds can be messy.  But they are away from the tables, and there were no feathers, smell or bird mess to ruin our time
1	We came here for a birthday dinner and had a very disappointing experience! Our waiter seemed confused and was very annoyed that he had to do separate checks. He hardly talked to us at all besides making rude or snarky comments. Some of our friends got service faster at the bar than through our waiter! It's been 17 minutes and counting and we still have not gotten our drinks! Terrible service. .. so disappointed!
3	Cool atmosphere, awesome roof-top deck, great beer selection and the food was ok.
4	Please drop your 1/2 glass of Strawberry beer from $7 down to a reasonable price, then I'll be back. Seriously, I got a glass of brrr cut in half. Embarrassed by my sippy cup of beer.  Delicious, though. 4 for ambiance, location and hours.
2	We REALLY wanted to like this place, but....Pro's: awesome location in alley in downtown Chandler...great decor...rooftop bar...friendly serviceCon's:- Food...the bruschetta was so bad we could only get through one bite of each kind and had to force that down...it's such an easy thing to make too....tomato part of garlic one was bitter, bread tasted old and wasn't toasted, etc...terrible.- Signature drinks were so bad we left them.  Sweet Manhattan? No! Vintage 95 Manhattan is incredible....they take fresh orange peel, light it on fire and rub the rim...yummy.If they get a new cook and bartender, we will return...until then, we will go to Vintage 95 -- awesome.
4	Great beer selection and tasty unique food.  It's still new, so the service is a little slow...well worth the wait.  Try the green chili pork pie.
4	This place is a fantastic addition to downtown Chandler- they have a super cool rooftop patio, live music and great service! The Green Chile Pork Pie was DELICIOUS! I also enjoyed the apricot beer (although it was only available in a can). PROS: atmosphere, food, service (you won't find many places like this in Chandler)CONS: limited selection of draft beers, tater tots were not made in house (they were the kind you buy at the grocery store) Based on previous reviews, I would say the Perch is getting better. Once they bring in a bigger selection of drafts and start making their own tater tots, I'll change this to 5 stars!
5	Right when you walk in, you are greeted by Amazon Parrots. Hands down the coolest thing ever! Giant Checker and Chess boards, beautiful decor, and friendly staff. Our bartender Brandon was such an awesome host, made recommendations, and always made sure we had everything we needed! The rooftop bar plus a nice Arizona Spring afternoon was a great combination!  The photos of the food we had speak for them selves. Will be coming back again and again.
1	I have given it some time and kept up with the different reviews on here to see if changes were made and I could find my dining experience a more enjoyable one. While keeping up with the reviews I've noticed that all of the negative remarks that were made, from what I gather is the manager, were removed. That is a good thing because his comments were very rude and obnoxious. I've noticed a lot more positive reviews (and I have noticed that most of the negative ones have also been removed) but thought I should test the waters again since now the "soft opening" and the "just opened" kinks should be worked out. I'm sorry to report that I still did not find my visit to be enjoyable. The birds go through phases where they are quiet and then get extremely loud (I do find them cute but...) My drink and food seemed to be at the same temperature... luke warm and I have to agree with others that have stated while it is a beautiful place the surroundings are less than attractive. With the trash one one side, an alley on the other and the infamous port a johns still linger out front. Although I like the idea of checking reviews on a place prior to visiting I am learning that the reporting system may not always be accurate. What is the point in having a forum that consumers can provide feedback if you are not going to try and make suggested changes and delete some of the reviews that may not be as favorable?
4	Awesome environment. we went during soft opening and staff was friendly and personable.  Brewery was not yet up to production due to delays in inspections, but they had a good selection of Kraft beers from other places and we took home two growlers of it..  Great atmosphere, especially upstairs at night. enjoyed the Aviary and bird cages. can't wait to go back and try the food!!
4	Let's be honest. The spread of 1 stars and 5 stars on The Perch is common for a new establishment. The 1 stars here dwell on the opportunities (service deficiencies) and lack any celebration of great service. Any place will have it's balance of these and it's own speed bumps early on, so ease up. As a mystery shopper, I can attest that The Perch has a fantastic atmosphere, great staff, and an overall delivery model that is unique and classy - definitely a GREAT touch for the DC area. There is honest opportunity present with the staff learning the changing menu; I've been here a number of times and have seen it updated. This is common and expected, but it would behoove the staff to be briefed on the changes. The food was great and on reading other reviews about the food, service, or cleaniness, I can't really see where they're coming from. The Perch isn't filthy nor is the food or service "that bad" to what the "1 star-ers" are saying.I urge new patrons to come try The Perch. Though, it's been a little crowded when I've come, I look forward to sitting on the roof next time! The birds, the live music, the slight breeze...all make for a very pleasant atmosphere. 4 stars all the way; -1 star only because there may be 1 or 2 things to improve on, but if I could, I'd say 4.99999 stars!
5	Had a very nice dining experience here with the hubby. We are bird lovers, however, and have a parrot at home so I'm used to parrot noise. If that really bothers you I'm not sure I'd recommend this place. We sat outside in the garden area but maybe they don't have birds up on the roof or inside. The pizza and salad were good and the service was great. I'm not a fan of sweet salad dressing but the strawberry balsamic vinaigrette was surprisingly not bad. I found a white wine I liked and hubby found a good beer (he's very particular). They will be brewing their own beer here soon. Loved the atmosphere. It was great for a temperate early evening in March but we'll have to see what it's like about the middle of July!
4	After all of the bad reviews I read on here, honestly, I went just to see how bad it was. Luckily for me, it was pretty nice. However; I went on a Tuesday, in the afternoon and hardly anyone was there. I also hung out at the bar, not upstairs. So here's what I think about my experience. The bartender was a friendly, chatty readhead and she was attentive to us. She helped us remember when happy hour was about to start so we could take advantage of the specials. The food was amazing. We shared a beer board which consisted of beer sausage, beer cheese spread and beer bread. A little on the bland side but pretty good. After our Guinnesses (which they have on tap. Thank you!) we had their specialty drink called Jamie's Boone. Served in little copper cups, it's basically Jameson with ginger beer and crushed mint leaves. Yum!! My boyfriend had the green chili pulled pork and I had the smokehouse burger. The rooftop is a nice idea but you can already see where the sun and weather has worn things like chairs and cushions. Don't know how many people would really be up there from May-September, but hey, I guess if you're trying to be a trendy hot spot (ahem, it's not Downtown Phoenix, but ok) you gotta have a "rooftop bar" Whatevs. One other bartender was kind of friendly and talked to us, but the servers seemed to lack enthusiasm and didn't have much going in the outgoing department.  Overall, really cool place to hang out. There weren't many people there so I can't attest for how douchey it may get on the weekends. I knew where this place was but if you are not familiar with Downtown Chandler, you WILL have a hard time finding it. Best bet is to park where you think it is and just start walking around. Good luck!
4	Went here tonight for a casual night out with my husband.  We wanted to go early before it got crowded.  We got there around 5:30 and went to the bar upstairs.  There was a good amount of people up there yet there was still several open places to sit.  Upstairs it is seat yourself.  I had been reading the reviews on here and saw a few that gave bad reviews for poor service so I was nervous.  However, we were greeted in a fair amount of time and placed our drink order.   I wanted a beer and am not adventurous with beer so I ordered a Bud Light.  I wasn't asked if I wanted it on tap or in a can.  I assumed it would come in a glass.  However I was delivered a can.  Kind of different but it was fine with me.  My husband ordered a peach iced tea.  It was sweetened and he felt it was too sweet, though.  The menu was interesting.  There were a lot of items that did not appeal to me but a few that did and the prices seemed very reasonable.  I ordered the spinach artichoke grilled cheese sandwich that comes with tater tots.  He ordered the  beer sausage pizza.  I enjoyed the sandwich very much.  He liked the pizza fine but didn't think it was anything special.  Our server was very very low key, not much of a personality but he did the job and I don't have any complaints regarding service.  As the sun went down it started to get much busier.  It's definitely a hotspot for young-middle age crowd.  Not really a young crowd but that may change as the evening goes on.  We left by 6:30.  We enjoyed hanging out and enjoying the atmosphere.  It is a cool place.  Downstairs looked nice too and would be a fun place to go with the kids.  The birds were fun to watch down there.  My only complaint for the night was that people are allowed to smoke up there so every once in a while we got a whiff of the smoke.  It wasn't that bad...could have been worse.  There was music playing and we were right by the speakers.  It was the perfect level...loud that it drowned out the other conversations but not too loud that we  couldn't hear each other.I would definitely go back... it is a cool atmosphere and would be fun to go to with a group or girls night out.
3	Good to see this place finally opened. It was a big remodel it seems and had some issues but it looks nice. The roofdeck is large but doesn't overlook the best parts of Chandler. The first floor is really nice, I really like the feeling in and around the bar - the patio is nice too but those birds... wtf. so loud. And I'm pretty sure they swear too lol. Just don't sit on the east side by them. Service is on the slow side... I wouldn't say the guys were mad.. but seemed preoccupied although there were a lot of people working and not doing a ton.. just felt like we were bothering him for a beer. Whatever.. I know they're new but that's an area that needs improvement. So expect that to get better over time.Location isn't necessarily far from downtown - there's just nothing in between. A nice gravel lot; a grease trap of a fish and chips place and then you're there. Bam! Decent craft brew selection but both times I was there.. something else was out of stock. I mean it happens? but.. ok. Food... I had an appetizer.. so can't really mess that up but I'd eat it again.Next time I'm in town I'll probably check it out again.
2	I did not give a review of Perch last time I was there because they had only been open for about a week. I am always willing to give a place (especially a new one) the benefit of the doubt. But with this being the second time and almost two months later, I have to render a verdict.Let me say I really (REALLY ) want to like this place. The location is great. The beer selection is very good, and the wine selection is interesting, although not overly extensive. And the food is also good. They have some kinks to work out in the finer points of some dishes, but overall the place lives up to its "gastropub" distinction. I would be inclined to give the food and drink menus a four star rating. But what is the one thing that makes the best food and drink taste bad?....the service. Service should get half a star at best. When I first sat down at the bar, it took almost five minutes before one of the two main bartenders acknowledged my presence, even though I was sitting right next to the service bar. The first beer came relatively quickly, but the woman next to me that sat down (and also owns a local restaurant) had to wait almost ten minutes just to get a glass of wine.Apparently at this establishment it takes two  bartenders to deal with a half-full bar and a half-full restaurant. This was a Sunday afternoon, so we weren't dealing with the Friday/Saturday night rush. Two separate times I waited ten minutes before a bartender noticed my beer was gone. I wasn't just waiting to be noticed though... I tried to flag down a bartender three separate times and they looked right past me! I did manage to order some food (the poutine style tater tots) which was very good. But no one checked how I liked the food or asked if I wanted to order more food, even though I explicitly said I would order more later. These bartenders had to keep checking recipes to make margaritas. I mean, I know what it's like to be a new bartender, but come on! I'm not sure how these guys got hired to be bartenders but it wasn't for their speed or ability to mix cocktails - most of which went out without garnishes (remember, I was sitting next to the service bar).Here's a few other things I jotted down in the moment:1) One bartender left his sinus rinse bottle out on the bar. I understand it sucks when you are dealing with allergies, but that doesn't look great to the guests.2) The only bartender that knew anything about service and making drinks only showed up every once in a while (busy elsewhere I assume).3) I watched a bartender spill Knob Creek on his hand and all over the floor because he was haphazardly holding two glasses rather than setting them on the bar mats which were right in front if him.If I could make one recommendation to this place it would be to focus on service for the foreseeable future. And teach your bartenders how to actually tend bar - make drinks and help customers in a timely fashion. As I said already, I want this place to be great and hope to come back in the future, but as it stands the food and drink offerings do not make up for the terrible service (at the bar at least).One nice point was the guitarist playing in the courtyard. He played a nice selection of tunes and could be heard throughout the restaurant.
4	My favorite thing about this place is the atmosphere. The lighting is nice and the birds and checker boards are fun.  The parking is pretty conveniently located across the street. The food was outstanding. We had the bacon/cheddar burger and The Wall Street salad. The service was the reason I did not give this place 5 stars. One of the drinks we ordered never came and it took quite a while for our food to come, though the waitress was nice. That said, it's a beautiful place to sit and relax and enjoy music and a drink or game while you wait.
4	had a fantastic time here with another couple. they had been here another time and had vouched for the food/drinks.loved the atmosphere and the great outdoor area that housed all sorts of birds and vegetation. it was really relaxed and comfy. staff was extremely friendly and even though our wait for a table was 35 minutes, we passed the time chatting at the bar and getting great service from the bartenders.food was pretty good. check out the sweet potato tots (love them) and their burgers. the salads also looked pretty good and were served in large portions.definitely going to come back here to try some other things and maybe hit it up during happy hour to see if service is still great and to try some of their specialty drinks.really a great place in chandler and nice to see something new and exciting in the area!
2	I really wanted to love this place, and I did enjoy  the atmosphere, but our bill for two hamburgers; two pints of Grand Canyon beer; and one glass of wine was $54.00.  With those prices, we won't be rushing back anytime soon.
5	Whoa - a sign of the apocalypse or could it be Chandler is inching towards hip? Yes the soft opening had some rough edges, but that seems to have been the plan. Come in and watch it evolve over time.....this is not a chain, it's unique, it's personable, and buckle my chin strap - it's in Chandler! The return visit last Sunday really made an impression - the service was quite good. Several came across as very knowledgable, friendly, and thoughtful, and it was busy. For me the outdoor space is it - lots of little nooks & crannies to relax in surrounded by trees/plants/birds, bees, & butterflies. Looking forward to a taste of the Perch's beer when it comes available. Roll on James!
2	Just ate at the perch  for the first time . My husband had a burger which was good I had the shrimp citrus salad and it was not very good. The service was very slow I'll give this place one more chance maybe.
4	Good first visit.  We liked the outdoor seating on the bottom floor and thought the aviarys added a nice ambiance to the experience.  The place was already very busy at 5:30pm on Sat night, but we were greeted immediately and seated within 5 minutes.  Some people might be put off by the busyness and noise of the place.  But it was acceptable based on the number of folks being seated, eating and ordering from the extensive beer list.  We had the sausage plate for an appetizer - would do it again.We split a mushroom and onion burger for dinner - would do it againOur son had the pepperoni pizza and after we all "tested" it - it too was a tasty dinner.  Beers were nice-n-cold and came out quickly.  Food was hot and also arrived quickly.  About the only service issue was the fact that the server forgot twice to bring us water to drink.  Once he'd corrected that issue everything was good.  I will go back again.
4	4 stars for ambience and my delicious strawberry, basil cocktail. 3 stars for food. I had the hummus and lebneh cheese sandwich with vegetables. It ended up being a lot of bread, a smear of hummus, only peppers ("vegetables" to me implies different kinds-and I'm not a fan of peppers to begin with). The "cheese" was a super thin smear that looked like cream cheese. My friends cheese platter looked great, but the salads were almost all lettuce and not a lot of topping. I've heard the pizzas were good.
2	Let me start by saying that this place COULD be amazing. It has a lot of things going for it. The location, atmosphere, and menu are definitely the reasons to check this place out. That being said.... this place needs A LOT of help. Upon arrival, we were told it would be about a 30 minute wait. Not too bad for a Friday night. We were seated in about 20 minutes. Our seats were near the bird cages...so it was a bit loud, but bearable. Our waitress didn't come to check on us until about 15 minutes later. She appeared to be intoxicated. After talking to us about the birds for 5 minutes and how crazy of a day it had been, we finally asked HER if she could take our drink order. Big mistake. We waited 20 minutes for ONE beer to come out. The waitress said the keg had run out so she wasn't able to get my girlfriend's beer. The problem was, my girlfriend didn't order a beer, she ordered a martini. When her martini finally came out 20 minutes later, there was a bug in it. We then placed our food order; an appetizer and two entrees. Our waitress came back 2 minutes after the order was placed to ask what I had ordered because she couldn't remember (she didn't bother writing our order down). Our meals came out fairly quickly.... But the appetizer was nowhere to be found. The entrees were average. Not great, but not horrible either. All in all, was it an awful experience? No. Will we go back? Probably not.
4	I'm a fan.  Anytime i can sit outside, drink beer, people watch, and waste the day away I am fully onboard with that plan.  It's an interesting layout with a rooftop bar/lounge, indoor pub like bar, and outdoor dining.  The service and general operations have a way to go but i'll give it some time.  The issue with sitting upstairs is the food and most bar items are downstairs which can extend the time it takes to get your stuff.  Just more time to lounge around and watch Chandler's finest try to make themselves noticed.  The happy hour is pretty good with $5 pizzas (really, surprising good) and discounted drinks.  The beer selection is great and they have $5 Absolut and Pinnacle drinks all the time. I'm interested to see how this place plays out in our brutal summers but I look forward to going back for various happy hours and casual lunches in the meantime.
1	The service here is so unbelievably bad it's insane. No service for 15 minutes after being seated. Salads brought with no forks. Wings brought with no napkins. The food is awful. The service and wait staff are very incompetent. I'd no way at all recommend this place to anyone!! F--
4	When my friend suggested meeting at this hidden gem in Chandler I wasn't sure what to expect.  Fortunately I had gotten lost earlier in the week looking for Gangplank and found The Perch in my circling of the neighborhood, so that spared me the drama of finding it and knowing where to park when we went there.My friend had managed to arrive early and secure a table, which probably helped with the experience of being able to walk in and be seated.  I loved the environment and the birds and the wine, and my food.And it would have been an "awesome" experience had our service been up to par (and also, had the next party not felt that their night out should take over our space both physically and verbally, crowding in on my friend & I for most of the evening).  Our server started out with high expectations - he was attentive, took our drink and food orders, and the food came out in a timely manner.Then, it just felt like he "disappeared", barely checking on us afterwards, etc.  Finally I was able to place an order for Coca Cola (my favorite beverage aside from wine) & this is where it all went awry.  When the Coke came, I tried drinking it, but alas, it was Diet Coke.  I am a straight up, regular Coke drinker who hates the aftertaste of diet soda.  I tried taking a few polite sips, but just couldn't do it.  I had to finally flag the server down to ask for a replacement, upon which he became very defensive, as if I was accusing him of messing up everything and wanted to blame someone else for my soda issues.  He did not return for a while, so I asked the busboy if he could bring me a regular Coke.  Finally, both of them returned to inform me that someone had switched the lines for the diet and regular Coca Cola and if I wanted to wait, they could try to get me a regular soda.  As I sat waiting and chatting with my friend, the server returned to ask if I really wanted to actually wait for the soda, which felt a bit rude, as if he didn't really want to help me.  Now I was stuck with bad soda aftertaste and nothing to wash it down with.Finally, after waiting almost 10 minutes, both of them returned with a new "replacement Coke", which still tasted of diet in both glasses, so I asked to have all removed and not put on my bill.  From this point forward, the server (beyond asking if he could drop off the bill and split the check), no longer spoke to us.  He dropped off the bill, took our cards, returned the cards, and took the signed copies without a word.  Not a "thank you for coming", "sorry about the Coke", NOTHING.  As if he no longer wanted to have anything to do with us.Even the busboy apologized to me on our way out for the mix-up.  He almost felt like a more attentive server than the one we had, although it made me sad because the original server had started out so well.All of that aside, I'd like to have more time to explore this place and see if the service (& soda lines) improve upon repeat??
5	Highly recommend The Perch, it's a gorgeous atmosphere and you're surrounded by rescued birds & delicious food! Love it here!
4	Stopped in on Friday for a couple of drinks after work. I had never been here before, but read about it in New Times a while back. I liked it a lot. They had a live guitar player/singer on the roof top. I didn't pay enough attention to get his name or anything, but he was very entertaining. I didn't really eat anything besides a bite or two of my friend's burger, so I don't have much of a critique on the food, but the couple bites of my friend's burger were enough to get a very high rating from me! I forget which burger it was, but it had mushrooms on it and it was AWESOME. I went for the local beers, and the local beers are what I ordered. The selection was excellent. They had about 40 beers on the menu! The only bummer was that they were out of my first 3 choices lol. The waiter said the reason for being out of so much stuff was that they only server locally brewed beers, and it isn't as easy to call up a local brewer and order 10 kegs as it is to call up a big brewery and do it, which is understandable I guess. Either way, I kept choosing until I picked a few that they weren't out of, and was very impressed. I had a very good blueberry beer (forgive me, I don't remember any of the names), a grapefruit beer which was absolutely fantastic, and a chocolate stout to finish it all off. The roof was packed with people like a night club by the time we left, which was around 8pm, so I guess it is better to get there early, unless of course a night club is what you're looking for. I'll probably stop back in the next time I'm in the area and looking to quiet a beer craving.
5	The atmosphere was great, this place use to be a bird sanctuary, the kept the birds when the turned it into a pub & bar. I love all the trees and birds. They have a roof top you can sit and drink, the food was really good and everything comes with tater tots. Prices are good for the portions. I'm going back and I recommend it.
4	2nd Trip here to catch the Bruins Game vs Detroit 4/26/2014 Brought the Wife and some other friends, and everyone had a GREAT time. One my friends brought their Kids and even the kids, loved checking out all the birds... Even the crazy one that BITES... Beers - AwesomeFood -The Smoked , Mushroom and Onion cheeseburger     Not sure if the Wife or her friend ordered, but it was well done. I would have chosen medium, but it was still delicious :-oPooch's Perch Pepperoni     Bread, Beer Bread dough,, OH MY,,, Awesome, The Sauce,, Awesome, and a Ton of cheese, and like gourmet pepperonis, or something,, This pizza was off the hook Delish.Food Price is a little High, but you ARE getting some great FOOD... Beer prices are average.Will be back most definitely
4	Great ambiance and beer selection! The Tuesday pizza special is also a bonus. We got to try every pizza on the menu and loved every one of them. Their cheese board was very lack luster. Seemed like someone went to the wal-mart down the road and chopped up cheap cheese like we wouldnt notice. Overall, I would come here again.
3	This place is ok but nothing spectacular.  The concept is interesting but the server was rude and the service in general was underwhelming.  Having new places to try out is always cool but after being here twice I'm not going to spend any money there any time soon.
4	Love the ambiance. Very open with awesome patios. Could be a problem in summer? Good beer selection, but waiting for their own brews. Our food was excellent, we had the green chili pork sandwich with an egg on ciabatta bun, and the sweet potato tots were awesome. Place a bit off the beaten path, but well worth it.
2	Ok. I really want to like this place. The atmosphere is gorgeous. And I keep going back because hubby digs the happy hour - a great deal with $5 pizza and discounted beer. I've been here I think 5 times already at least. But the slow service and poor management/operations keep me from being a fan. With the exception of the green chili pork pizza, the food isn't that great either. Actually, I've had the strawberry salad which was good, but overpriced for the portion size. The margarita pizza was terrible. They use pesto sauce and not fresh basil and it was soggy. Not a fan of the bruschetta (weird combo of flavors that don't work). And my last visit, I ordered a burger wrapped in lettuce. They don't have lettuce, just salad greens. So my burger comes out totally cold, on top of a bed of wilted spring mix. Not appetizing at all! So I sent it back and told the server it was cold. He brings it back, and it's burned to a crisp!  I was like seriously? Why would you even serve that to me? I sent it back again and just requested they take it off the bill. Which they did without any hassle.The pizza takes for.ev.er.  I've been meaning to ask the owner if they only have one small pizza oven back there because the wait time is unreasonable. Like 40 mins for a small pizza has been the consistent wait time. It's frustrating. I really hope they can turn things around. I have a relative in the restaurant biz and understand it's exceedingly difficult, especially when you have owners new to the industry. So I try to be patient with new places (hence me not writing this review until after I've been 5+ times). But at this point, they should have things running a little more smoothly and they are not improving. 2 stars for atmosphere and for service and management always being gracious and willing to fix their screw ups (which happen a lot).
5	Loved The Perch. I took my toddler that loved looking at the birds. Getting him not to put his fingers in the cages was a challenge. Lunch was inexpensive but surprisingly good. We had a plate with three different types of hummus with veggies and pita for an app. It was great. I love that they put veggies with the hummus! My husband had the pork belly pizza and I had the shrimp salad. He said that his was ok. I really liked mine. The shrimp salad had citrus in it and the shrimp was grilled. I love that. I would say that the best part of the Perch was the beer selection. I had a great fruity wheat beer.
2	The only reason this place is getting 2stars is for the beer SELECTION, not the prices. And as all the other Yelpers, we so wanted to love this place, but just can't. My husband doesn't like it when he knows I'm going to give a bad review because he feels bad for them, BUT the whole point is to help these people figure it out! During our visit, we decided pretty quickly that we probably would not be coming back, so hopefully these reviews are taken seriously & with consideration. I will give the atmosphere and decor a 4 star, it's cute and has a nice set up with a lot of potential. And here comes the big but again, BUT you can't serve overpriced crappy food with great beer. You can't have a team that doesn't know anything about your great beer selection & brings you the wrong samplers. You can't have them correcting you multiple times on how to pronounce a beer if they get it wrong!! You can't have them give you the wrong tables check at the end of service. You can't have them wipe down a wet table while your seated with another wet, disgusting bar towel & then make you wait while they search for a dry one to finish the job. You just can't do any of those things & expect repeat customers. The food was bad, really bad! And when you are talking about the great beer, why would we come here if we could go right down the street to a Brewery who also has great food & beer that isn't overpriced! Let me say, we don't have a problem paying high prices for great beers or great food or great service, but when you miss on all counts, it felt like a waste of money. Perch you need to sit down with the greeters, chefs and the servers and have a pow wow, ASAP! Sorry for this BUT I just couldn't accept not writing this review. :(
3	5 stars for the beer and servers3.75 stars for the ambiance1 star for MOST of the food. Food - I love the beer selection. I had an amazing IPA and even more amazing oysters shooters (if you do 1 thing right here...do this). The rest of the food is all throw away items. Nothing is terribly flavorful or made very well, which is a real shame. They should probably revamp themselves as a cocktail lounge/bar, limiting their food options, as they may do better. I would also really recommend picking up a recipe book and making 5 to 10 items really well. Take a page from Gordon Ramsay Kitchen Nightmares.Ambiance - Beautiful AZ patio restaurant. The greenery and birds are lovely touches. However, limited seating downstairs with choices under dripping misters or a sand pit.Hope they read the reviews, address the outdoor seating and tighten up their food game.
4	I dig this place! The ambiance is the main factor for me....rescued exotic birds, lots of lush trees and flowers, and a pretty cool rooftop patio.I would agree with a lot of reviewers here - they need to refine the menu. I will say they did improve the menu in between our visits, but it still needs some tweaking. We're excited for when they start brewing their own beer, which I've heard is in the very near future.Overall, I really like this place & recommend to my friends and clients. They're a new restaurant, so nothing's going to be perfect in the beginning, but they always look busy to me, so I'm glad they're getting lots of love & support so they can continue to grow and improve.
4	The Perch......... Love the restaurant outdoor patio and listening to the birds.I had a good bacon burger as well. The service was quick and our waiter kept the tea coming.I would recommend for meeting a friend for lunch great place.
4	Once again I found this place entirely based on a Yelp search.  You will not see this place from the street, but it is worth searching out.  I've done happy hour with the family downstairs and I've done a Friday night happy hour upstairs with adults.  You just can't find this in AZ.  The upstairs patio is amazing.  What a great place to hang out.  I'm not quite sure what will happen in the dead of summer as this place is almost entirely outdoors, but we will figure that out when the time comes.  As of right now the upstairs and the restaurant are amazing around dusk.  The only thing holding it back from my 5th star is that the upstairs does not offer the same beer selection as downstairs.  Its entirely different.  So basically I found myself going downstairs to get a selection of their awesome local craft beer selection and then going back upstairs.  There is a nice bar upstairs, but perhaps in the future they need to find a way to offer the same drafts upstairs as downstairs.  FYI upstairs is 21 and over after 3pm.  I'm loving Chandler downtown!
3	I am writing only because I do like the atmposphere and any patio in AZ is beautiful.  The problem with the patio setting and being at a brewery, is the want to drink!  The beers are about $7.00 each so you can imagine the bill after a few drinks.  When drinking great beer, you naturally want great food.  The food was not worth the prices at all!  I got a chicken ceasar salad ($10) and the chicken was cubed and cold (yuk!) and the dressing was not ceasar, it was cilantrol something, and there was no parmesan shavings as described, and no croutons!  How is that a ceasar?!  Also, the burger as described was cooked medium-well and was described as being 80% chuck, 20% pork shoulder.  It tasted frozen, looked frozen, and might as well had been frozen because it was cold when I got it!  My bill of 4 guests was over $100.00 I will not be going back!  It wasn't worth it after the overpriced atmosphere.
5	First, I don't understand the negative reviews. It appears some people are too picky to eat out and maybe should stay home. The prices of the food are reasonable considering they make everything from scratch, including the beer, pizza dough, etcetera. Which makes the food delicious by the way. I had the brussel sprout and pork belly pizza. It was delicious. The brussel sprouts weren't overcooked so were good. The pork belly was crispy and the crust was crisp and not soggy. The menu is not too big. My advice is to choose items where you actually like the ingredients. Then you may be happy. The service was friendly and fast, Brandon the bartender took care of us well. We went slightly past lunch time but they were decently busy. They are still looking for more good servers, so if you are looking for a cool place to work check it out. We met the owner who is pretty neat, she is a surgical nurse in addition to opening a new restaurant. The owner Rebecca also rescues exotic birds, including abused and disabled birds which are housed at the restaurant. The birds are not in the way of seating or food but by the entrance. They are nice and funny, the parrots talk and dance. The bar is open to the extensive patio seating area, which is lovely and well shaded. All in all, a place I will be going to again.
4	If you want to try something different, come here. The ambiance is the biggest selling point of the place, but the food doesn't fall too far behind. I ordered the burger and it was really good. The prices are a bit steep, but nothing too outrageous. Service was a bit spotty, but the food came out quickly and there's plenty of shade to eat outside.Can't speak on the brewery part, waiting one more year for that!
1	I was really looking forward to this place opening a couple of months ago. Finally, a cool place to enjoy quality craft beers in Chandler. But I'm sad to say that this place keeps disappointing over and over. I keep telling myself that these poor customer service incidences were all circumstantial, and isolated occurrences, but they were not. In fact it seems to be the trend. This is the incident today that really pissed me off... Arrived at the Perch around 5:30, the wait was about 45 mins. I totally understand, so my friend and I go to the bar area. We stand in front of 2-3 bartenders and no response for 5 mins... So we said ok, maybe we'll have better luck upstairs. We get upstairs, and it wasn't that busy at the bar, there were 6 bar stools open, we sit down hoping to get the attention of the bartender, there were 2 at the time. We get no greeting, not even a look from these cool dudes... One of the bartenders even wiped the bar in front of my buddy with no look, or interaction of any sort. Shame on the PERCH. So after about 12 mins looking like thirsty idiots, we decide to go to Santan Brewery. We had a much better experience... And finally a beer. I'm a craft beer trader, and I am always at the local bars here in town sampling craft brews, but I will never mention or support this place. I would recommend Hungry Monks- Watering hole- San Tan and Wilderness brewing before going to the perch.
5	First time here & I loved it.  We tried a few different beers & were offered samples.  Their selection is good.  We sat at the bar & both bartenders were super friendly.  I had the pork & green chili sammy with a fried egg & it was delicious!  I may never order anything else.  Ambience is nice, this place is good for day times, nights & all types of people.
3	This is a nice setting for happy hour, especially the rooftop patio. I love the mission of the bird rescue that's tied in with the bar, and parrots are beautiful. On food: they have a good wine selection, the pizza is woodfired, the crust has good flavor, but don't get the apple tart, not worth the money. Apple desserts are my favorite, and this was disappointing, it looked good, but the skins weren't removed and nothing much was done with the apples, they were sliced and heated up, not turned into any sort of filling. The waitress was a little slow, but friendly, and checked up on us for drink refills, I would have them tidy up around the outdoor aviaries for a cleaner look, lots of leaves from the trees have gathered there, and it looks unkempt.
1	This restaurant doesn't even deserve one star. Bad service and mediocre food. We waited two hours for a table. It was Friday night and there were 13 of us so I can understand the a bit of a wait. But two hrs and no one updates us. We finally get a table. The girl cleans it off and leaves. Doesn't sit us. The waiter comes to take our drink order. We say bring us appetizers as we are starving. The appetizers come pretty fast. But dinner takes forever. The food is cooked badly and not very good. I ordered a strawberry salad with grilled chicken. What I got was a limp warm salad with boiled shredded chicken. The worst thing about this experienced is we hand in our debit cards to pay. The waiter never comes back with them. After 30 min if waiting we go investigate. The cards are just sitting on the bar!! What kind of restaurant does this!! Never going back again!!
5	We loved everything about the restaurant!  The atmosphere with the greenery and birds was so inviting.  The misters were so refreshing and kept the temperature comfortable.  The wait staff was very attentive, the food was delicious and served very quickly.  The prices seemed very fair for what we ordered.  I will definitely be back!
4	Just realized I hadn't written a review about this place yet. This place is such a great concept- love the atmosphere with all the foliage and the bird rescue aspect is awesome. Rooftop patio is super cool, although I'll be avoiding for the next few months it now that summer is here! But when we get to fall- that's where I can be found :) I have enjoyed my meals there, particularly the last time. The bartender was amazing, stopped in for lunch and he really made the experience great- whether it be samples of beer or recommednations off the menu or even offering to customize my burger so that's it's just perfect for me. I'll be back again and soon!
2	Service was painfully slow. One salad was so late,  we sent it back. Shrimp is underwhelming as are their olives and hummus. They only have one restroom for the whole restaurant so expect a wait. Tots are excellent, however and the ambiance is great, although the birds can be obnoxious.
2	The only reason this place gets two stars is because our waitress last time was so nice. We went on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't too busy. We sat upstairs and ordered beer off the menu. The waitress came back and told us they were out. This happened 3 times!  I felt bad for her having to go up and down the stairs just to tell us everything we wanted was out. We ordered food which was ok, but it did not make up for our experience with the beer.This was my third time there and I wasn't impressed the first two times. The furniture looks like cheap crap from Ikea and they can't seem to get their act together. It is doubtful I will return.
3	This is a tough review for me.On the one hand, the ambiance alone in this place is enough to warrant a return, especially in the good-weather months (I feel bad for this place in the summer, since it's basically all outdoors). And to add to that, The Perch's other big draw is its craft beer selection, with something like 25 craft taps, wine taps, a full bar, and a great happy hour.  The food is handmade, fresh ingredients, and inventive, not just your typical bar food either.So what could possibly go wrong?Well...a lot, unfortunately.  I've been there about 5 or 6 times.  Every time, the servers seem disjointed, flustered, unsure of the accuracy of the menus, it's kind of a mess sometimes in that respect.  And they're never sure how accurate their beer menus are.  I get that with rotating taps, there's not a way for a paper menu to be 100% accurate, but it's annoying to order a beer and hear "Let me see if we still have it" every single time.  Get a chalkboard like Angel's Trumpet.  Get a digital screen program like House of Brews.  Get SOMETHING.  The food sounds so good.  I ordered a beer cheese and beer sausage pizza.  I've seen them making the sausage in house, so I know that's good.  And I've had the sausage plate, it's delicious.  But instead of having thick slices of the sausage, they give you some piddly crumbles of it.  And the beer cheese is watery and not at all conducive to something that should be on a pizza.  And the peppers are over-sauteed and slimy.  And the pizza was just...limp.  And the "Smoke" Mushroom and Onion burger?  Man...I wanted it to be spectacular.  It looked like it was going to be when they brought it out.  But whatever they do to smoke these things, the smoke is the only thing you taste, it tastes charbroiled past the point of being good.  I was so sad, because I'm not even particularly picky with burgers.  I enjoy and respect a beautifully well-made burger (like at Rehab Burger), but I can get down on a shitty ol' cheeseburger too.  Unfortunately, this was neither.I'm dying...DYING to like this place because of the location, the setting, the beer menu and the food selections.  But you can tell that they're in need of more restauarant-savvy people and bar-savvy people, because they're just kind of squandering all their potential.  I'm still giving them 3 stars in the hopes that they turn it around, it's still a little bit new...but c'mon.  Get your shit straight, Perch.
5	Went to the Perch for the first time and loved it. We came in on a Thursday night around 10pm so it wasn't very crowded at all. Loved the entry way with off of the rescue birds and thought the garden courtyard was amazing. I was looking at reviews on the way here and saw a lot if negative reviews mostly due to service so I was a little worried about this place. I don't know how it gets if it's busy but we went to the bar on this night and had great service, but we just ordered beers. They had a TV with the beer menu so it was easy to see what they had.  I love craft beer and that is all they serve. Also they are in the process of brewing their own beer but none of it was ready at this time. So our service at the bar was great. I didn't try any of the food but one of my friends ordered a pizza and it came out quickly and he said it was real goodWhat I really liked about the Perch was the ambiance. How cool of a place to showcase rescue exotic birds. Yes they will bite and there are signs everywhere but Luna was so nice that she came up to the fence and allowed us to put her stomach. Really cool, but we knew when she turned her beak to stand clear. It's common sense with exotic birds. Also two of the servers/bartenders came out and talked to us about the birds and even took Hercules, the giant one, out and talked about each bird and their stories. I love animals and rescues so how can I not like this place!After ordering a round of beers we went up to the roof too lounge and sat for a while. There is a bar upstairs but limited taps so most of the beers are brought up from downstairs. After reading reviews service might be slow or confusing so if possible order from the bar downstairs and come up. On a side note, the garden area of the Perch is also shared with a salon and a breakfast/lunch business. Super cool..a great way to support local business. I will be back here, I just loved the location and patio. Hope the misters work in the summer because it will be hot but we live in Az so who cares!
4	Love this place!!Even in the middle of the hot Arizona summer I was able to enjoy a few cold ones on the rooftop deck. Great variety of draft beers with delicious food and friendly service.I believe that this place is still a hidden gem in the middle of downtown Chandler. Ones it cools down a bit, suggest you check this place out. You won't be disappointed!
5	Best atmosphere in Chandler since El Zocalo. Have to wait for a table?  No problem, Bam!  $30,000 worth of exotic birds to look at. Some of the Amazon Parrots even speak (just don't for the love of God stick your finger inside their cadges.) Great service from bartender upstairs, as our friends slowly gathered, great service from the upstairs wait staff. Oyster shooters were ice cold, fresh and trustworthy, and not to be missed!  Once downstairs for dinner, we had prompt and even enthusiastic service from wait staff. They smoke all their meats, their kitchen is in full view from outside. This is a destination restaurant that's surely the envy of many in old town Scottsdale. Go!  Enjoy!
1	I have been to the Perch about 5 or 6 times because I love the atmosphere but the service and food are awful!!  During one of my visits the waiter told me "you do not want to place a special order of any type because the kitchen will f**in flip out on you"  No kidding an "F" bomb, the burger was dry because it was over cooked and tasteless, did not dare to return it due to the previous warning!  Humus is tasteless, pork sandwich with egg great Idea but had no taste as well, margarita pizza did not work.....I could go on and on, food is not good at all and it takes a long time to get it!!  If the food was not bad enough I waited for 30 min for the bathroom while college guys sitting upstairs chanted for me to lift my shirt!!  Management is not existent, and who has a restaurant with one bathroom????  Will not go back, I have tried and tried but I have better ways to spend my time.
4	Fun spot! The food was pretty decent and the beer selection was above average. Way above average. Service was great as well but we did go there at 4pm on a Thursday. No complaints.
4	Awesome! Super cool atmosphere with lots of beer on tap.   Food is pretty good, but leaves room for improvement.   Can't wait to go back once they have their own beer on tap.   Watch your fingers near the birds... Especially the red macaw... Seriously...
5	A perfect spot to enjoy food and beverage with family and friends. Food is delicious, beer selection is good, and the open atmosphere is very inviting and fun. I mostly enjoy the roof top but downstairs is also great with trees and birds. It's a relaxing change from the diamond cut steel and glass architecture of down town Chandler. Our server Amy was an absolute doll, on top of keeping glasses full, and smiles on our faces. I will be back again soon and I highly recommend The Perch to everyone.
4	Great find! Danielle did a great job.  Food is very good, great happy hour and fun atmosphere.  No more rude El Zacolo or mediocre Coach and Willies....Chef Off on Monday June 16!
5	Went there this evening with some clients/friends and wasn't sure what to expect when you drive up...you almost feel like you're going thru an alley on Wall Street in Chandler...the perch was everything you would not expect.  The greetings by the birds was followed with a very friendly hostess and sitting outside with the misters was actually pleasant and it was over 100 outside.The food was great- different and the atmosphere was different, fun and exciting.  I will definitely be back and expect my next client appreciation to be at the Perch.Fun place to go- if you bring your kids (of all ages) watch your fingers around the birds- they do bite!
4	Great beer on draft! knowledgeable and friendly staff...Chandler needs more bars like this!
4	Great find in chandler unique setting great for kids the burger was very good service excellent a good selection of beers a fun place everyone in our party enjoyed it
5	Last night a group of us from work went toThe Perch for the first taping of their own beers.  I cannot say enough good things about their craft beer, amazing. We also enjoyed their in house made sausage board, wings and tots.  Our waiter, Carl was spot on and was very knowledgable.  Everyone talks about the beautiful birds and they are so cool. Now with the creation of their own brews just more reason to make this place a 5 star destination
4	A really nice concept for this area , I actually came upon it while I was walking thru the neighborhood , I herd parrots and got closer to see and was instantly amazed with the parrot display and the upstairs bar which feels like your on a larch perch . I revisited the place with my wife and she liked it as we'll. the burgers on the menu were extremely good and the oyster shots were great , also enjoyed the beer selection. If it wasn't for the long lines to use the  very small outside bathrooms I would give this place 5 stars.
5	Good food, great beer, truly amazing atmosphere!With three distinct looks and feel to the place, there is something here for everyone. Start with the aviary/courtyard, then move indoors to the tavern or upstairs to the rooftop. Either way, you're going to have a good time here.As pub food goes, this is some of the best I've had. The bruschetta is to die for. Pick 3, any 3, you won't be disappointed. Trust me. I saw the burgers and thought, "someone's been to Slaters 50/50" but these were unique and delicious! I liked the bacon poutine tots but I'd love to see them attempt a REAL poutine with dark brown gravy and curds. Hell, they can pour that on the tots too because those were perfectly done. Soft in the center but not mushy and crispy on the outside. I saw the brussel sprouts and pork belly pizza and I'll have to get that on my next stop in.Service was stellar, prices were beyond reasonable, and the place was CLEAN. I can't say that about many pubs...anywhere.But I came here for the beers and The Perch has some of the best choices in Arizona. They've gone totally non-traditional with a rosemary IPA, Ginger Mofo, Cinnamon Honey Nut Porter, grilled lemon cream ale, and a calibration English mild. All below 7.1% abv, these beers will keep you cool all summer long and keep you drinking all night but mostly because you just can't stop drinking them! My mouth knows no friendship. If this wasn't a great place to have a meal or beer, I would most likely be cordial and keep my mouth shut. Yet, here I am and I can't keep my facehole quiet about The Perch. If I lived here, it would be my regular hang out spot year round.
5	Excellent green chili pork!  I am a fan of all pork options and this one is cooked well.. The green chili pork sandwich with salsa verdes w fontina, cheddar and fried egg on ciabatta.  Nolan, our server, will take great care of you as well.  Lots of great beverage options as well if your into craft beer!  Check it out.
5	I went to the Perch for my 2nd time a few days ago. I'm not a very frequent yelper, but people need to know about this. Our server was a guy named Nolan. When I turned down his offer to bring me a dessert, he asked me if I had ever had a beer float before. Not a root beer float, but a beer float. He was one of those dry humor type of people who you are never sure is being serious, and so I didn't know if he was totally pulling our chains about the beer floats because they aren't on the menu anywhere,  but my boyfriend was all "that actually sounds amazing" and we gave it a shot.  I got a strawberry and my boyfriend got a chocolate stout, and all I can say is YYYYYUUUUMMMMM. We both agreed that beer floats are our new favorite dessert, He said it isn't for sure, but there is a possibility that they might start doing alcoholic snow cones too!  Sorry for the cheesey pun, but OMG IS THIS PLACE COOL OR WHAT? :)
5	Great vibes, great crew. If you're looking for a chill place to kick back and unwind, look no further.
3	So, my husband and I went back to The Perch. Still somewhat comfortable when you're under the trees and misters in the middle of the day in July. They're now brewing their own beer (which they weren't the last time we were there) My husband was really impressed with the beer, and I got a very refreshing drink with Pomegranite Vodka, fresh lemon juice, strawberries and basil. Yum! My husband got a cheeseburger and I got a pepperoni pizza and caesar salad. Unfortunately, we're still not impressed with the food. It was all kind of...blah. Which sucks because other than that, we love the drinks and atmosphere!
3	Great ambience and great beer! The birds are great.  The food unfortunately just doesn't measure up.  The descriptions on the menu get you really psyched up.  It comes to your table looking amazing.  But then you taste it and it has no flavor.  I want to love this place. come on Perch get some flavor in the food.  you have so much potential!
4	I really like the atmosphere at this place but wish there was more seating. The few times I have been it has been overly crowded with barely enough room to stand and it has been really difficult to get the attention of the bartenders. When you are standing on a patio bar during the summer in AZ you don't want to have to wait 15 minutes just to be acknowledged by a server. You're thirsty!
3	Loved the set up..drinks. .and staff were friendly. .but the bald manager with the moon boot on ..totally had some kind of attitude. .even our waitress said he was a jerk..Other then that I would go back amd totally avoid this dick..prices are decent. .I only had appetizers they were ok..
4	The food and atmosphere is fantastic. Unfortunately we had crap service this first time(server ignored us and apps and food can at the same time). The beer selection is wonderful. We had the green chile pork pizza and oyster shooters. Both were so good. I think they may have been the best shooters I've had. I definitely recommend checking this place out. Make sure to check out the rooftop and birds.
4	Very unique place and has definitely carved out its own niche in the heart of downtown Chandler.   Huge outdoor area. So far I really enjoyed everything about The Perch.  had the Ginger Style beer and it was shockingly refreshing.  I would classify this place in the GastroPub style- (creative menu an excellent beer choices).   There were out of a few styles when I went, but they also weren't your every day choices and could see limited quantities running out quickly.  I already loved going to downtown Chandler for San Tan Brewery and this is just another reason why it's a must go to area any day of the week.
2	I'm just not impressed with this place, overall. If you're just looking for a different, interesting place to have beers, i guess this is an okay option... i've been here twice and both times the service has been spotty at best. This last time I had to politely ask the hostess if we had a server after 15+ minutes of just sitting there. As for the food... I'll pass. Bruschetta selections were just okay, and I thought were small-ish portions. My girlfriend wasn't very into her Citrus Shrimp salad, and found it oddly salty for a salad. I had the Southwest Margarita pizza, which I thought was fairly bland. I didn't taste "hot chili infused olive oil" and it didn't have very many tomatoes on it. Also, i know it's not in the description, but I think "margarita pizza" and I think basil, which this pizza has none of. Basically, it's cheese pizza with a fancy name.Boil it down, and the only reason to come here is the patio. If you want a great outdoor place to have a beer when the weather is nice (and you're not hungry) - then go for it.  I don't think either of us feel the need to return, honestly. (and ps - didn't like with their own brewed beers either. Sorry.)
4	Great food, great beer selection and great staff. Seriously, check it out.
4	Music playing, twinkle lights, exotic birds chirping, and a great ambiance is what you will notice when you walk in the perch. I absolutely love this cozy little restaurant that is a hidden gem in downtown chandler. The staff is friendly and very helpful. The food is fresh and unique, not your average greasy plate that other restaurants offer. This is a great place for a romantic date or a great girls night out on "wine down Wednesdays". If you are looking for a great patio with an amazing view of the Arizona sunset, this is the spot. The rooftop patio isn't open Tuesdays and Wednesdays though so remember that for your next visits. Great place and worth the time to check it out and enjoy a great craft beer or nice glass of wine.
4	Went to happy hour after work a week or so ago.  Great environment and service (thanks Carl!).  I had one of the their micro brew ales - it was hoppy and good.  The wings were great and what a deal on the pizza (that was also delicious).  Can't wait to bring my wife here!
3	Nice atmosphere. Great Beers. Decent wines. That's about it. Had to seat ourselves and walk to the bar for attention. We three customers only and several employees shooting the breeze at the bar. Other than that, service was ok. Cheese and Sausage plates were good, not great. The little "brie" triangle had the foil marks...obviously grocery store bought. Crostini and Pretzel bread were very good. Bill of $60.45 was fine. Paid with a $100 bill and got $39 change not $39.55. Not a big deal, but kind of dishonest. Just took it off my $12 tip so the server kind of screwed himself.  All in all not a bad experience, but nowhere near the hype.
3	There are better places for craft beer. Food is mediocre. The space is great and has a lot of potential. Our bartender was both knowledgable, enthusiastic, and polite. The patio and upper deck look especially inviting on the 9 months of the year that aren't the AZ summer. But, the birds and bird cages are a bit much. I get it. You're The Perch. But you don't need to litter the patio with caged birds to sell the theme.
4	Great food! Environment is very..unique. Pork chili sandwich was the bomb and my wife had the artichoke grilled cheese and said it was the BEST sandwich she had ever had!! Service was friendly and prompt and the prices were reasonable.
5	Bartender, Steven was so nice and attentive - love that they make their own fruit infused microbrews! They have a pretty decent wine list and a beautiful patio with misters everywhere. Very laid back, casual place. They serve food until close @ 12:30am.  A must see for exotic bird lovers - we will be back every week!
3	Unique atmosphere with live birds in the outdoor patio areas. They can be a little loud sometimes, but there is always the indoor area or the upstairs lounge. Sweet potato poppers and burgers would be my recommendation for food items. People claim to like the pizzas, but I would disagree. We tried the beer sausage and beer cheese pizza which came highly recommended by the server, but I wish we would not have ordered it.On the plus side, the spinach artichoke grilled cheese was as excellent as it sounds!
5	I love to come here to look at all the birds.  They have all sorts of parrots, in cages of course. They are rescue birds and the restaurant has their own bird keepers that take very good care of them.The restaurant is half indoors and half outdoors.  The outdoor area has lots of trees and with the addition of the mist  and parrots, I feel like I am in the tropics. There is a roof top bar/ lounge area that is kind of swanky.  It's fun to go up there at night. The food is pretty good as well. My favorite menu item are the sweet potato tater tots. One time I had tripped (due to my own stupidity), and scrapped up my leg pretty bad.  One of the workers ran out to his car and grabbed me some neosporin and a band-aid as well as a bag of ice from the kitchen.  I greatly appreciated that.The one negative is that there is only one bathroom for each male and female.  You may have to wait in line for 5-10 min on a fri or sat night!
5	We heard of this place through another local brewer and he was spot on. We tried a flight first of those they brew, all were good but the Mosaic and the Grilled Lemon cream ale stood out for us. Claudia was our server, and are we the lucky ones for that . She was engaging, funny , knowledgable of the beer. I tried the Spinach/ artichoke chilled cheese... Incredible... So the entire day ... A success....
3	I agree with previous reviews in that it certainly is a unique atmosphere. Very jungle-esque.Pro's: good service,  I liked the beer he recommended,  the birds are pretty cool to see, the bathroom was clean, and the misters keep it cool. Con's: the bathroom situation confused me. There is one men,  one women and they're located outside with a community sink. One bathroom is just not enough for us ladies. Waiting in line outside sucked,  too, cuz it's hot and there were no misters in this area. I was underwhelmed by my veggie sandwich and tots- I paid $9 for some smeared hummus and veggies in between 2 slices of bread, and some tots that cost $1.something for a whole frozen bag at the store. Ehh... Overall it was a cool place, maybe I'll go back when it's less crowded so there is less bathroom lines.
2	As much as I'm all about new local places sprouting up, I have to say this place is just average and would only really consider it as a beer spot.  I've been back a few times since they've opened over the course of several months, and have been disappointed in the food and mediocre service.  Also the fact that they failed their health inspection back in June really doesn't help persuade me to come back anytime soon.
4	Finally!  Joyce W. has found her way to The Perch and she needed a Strawberry beer!  After blowing past this place like a crazy lady and nearly missing the parking lot, I made it here and it was like stepping into Wonderland [minus the LSD.  Stay drug-free, kiddies].  Our waitress was a sweetie and walked us to our bar seating slowly since I was obviously too mesmerized by all the chirping birds.  Being that I had planned this outing earlier in the week, I already knew I wanted a Fruili Strawberry beer while Mr. W. had a Perch Rosemary IPA to start and we also got some Oyster Shooters [That mango lime one is sooo amazing, the lemon horseradish is good, and the sundried tomato with orange and garlic is decent --- all of them sweet, briney, and mild!] and a Mini Tots Poutine.  It was a pretty decent day out so it wasn't too warm or muggy but after draining half our beers, I was getting thirsty.  We had originally wanted to grab some real food but the warming beer and the gravy and cheese tots were getting to us.  We opted on passing on "real" food although the smell of pizza coming from the table next to us was tempting.  Oh, we also tried the Perch Cucumber-something as recommended from our waitress.  It was oddly refreshing!Although the beer is on the pricier side, it's always nice to support our local businesses.  I'll definitely be back!
4	After hearing about this pub from a friend a few times - I had to check it out. The majority of Yelp reviewers pointed out that the Strawberry beer was great and the atmosphere was unique and cool. I agree. Most of the reviewers also stated the food could be improved - agreed. It wasn't bad - it just wasn't that great.I give this pub 4 stars because it is a unique place and they do have decent custom beers. I recommend this place for happy hour.
5	The Perch Pub and Brewery has officially become my favorite bar. The atmosphere is very welcoming and I love the open rooftop bar. Their brews are amazing. I suggest getting The Flight sampler to taste the different beers. I recommend the Perch Intro Pale Ale. Their food is delicious as well! Check it out
4	Great atmosphere outside in the garden with the birds. Smoked burgers, beer dough pizza, and craft beers; can't beat that. Some of the beers are odd so definitely sample first.
4	Foods was good, service was ok.  Our waitress wasn't too attentive, our drinks were not offered a refill until she brought our check.  They food was ok, we each had different burgers, good flavor, but my burger (Perch burger) was a bit too sweet.  We sat at the table closest to the bathroom, had to share it with another couple.  There was a huge puddle of water on the floor where I was sitting seeping in from outside.
3	I have really high hopes for this place, and I really want to like it.  They're still fairly new so I think they're still getting their feet under them.  The neat thing about The Perch is all the birds.  Parrots, lovebirds, and other exotic feathered friends are all rescue birds that live in cages by the entrance of the restaurant.  There's a downstairs seating area with open walls and an upstairs patio with a bar and lots of seating.  It looks like you can reserve a table on the upstairs patio, which would probably be really cool with a larger group.Drinks are a good value, with wine as low as $5 a glass and different sizes of beer for just a couple of bucks.  The food is decent... I've tried a burger (good), pizza (eh), chips and dip (good) and bruchetta (standard, but good).Service has been hit or miss, which is why I feel like they're still getting their game together.  I'll definitely be back, and I'm sure hoping things even out for them soon!
3	Came here because I tried their zilla cuke beer at another establishment and was hoping to get a pint. Unfortunately they didn't have it but that's ok.  Their lemon beer was pretty good. I was impressed by the atmosphere and I really enjoyed the birds!My boyfriend and I sat on the top patio. It was DEAD. And I felt for our bartender, Randall,who was trapped up there all alone with no music or anything in the AZ heat. He was friendly and gave us great service. we ordered the poutine tots and sausage board to share. Both were good and filling.The only gripe I have about this place, and I know they're not a house band or anything, but they had some horrendous live band playing who just butchered classic song after song. Almost made me want to leave to avoid hearing them anymore....Needless to say I'll definitely be coming back. Beer, food, service were all up to par. Just have to hope the next time I go the live music is up to par as well!!! Make sure to go visit Randall on the top patio and keep him some company!
5	Excellent food. I had the spinach and artichoke grilled cheese. The server recommended for me to have bacon to be put inside the sandwich. Genius. I have tried the perch rose beer. It was perfect. Not to hoppy. I also tried a cocktail at happy hour (2-6). I forgot what the drink was called but it look like a mojito with strawberries. The table next to me suggested it. Strong and sweet. Just the way I like it. The tater tots ( perfectly crispy) dipped in their garlic ranch was too good. I had to have them taken away. Haha. My boyfriend had the mushroom swissburger and said it was great. Just was too cooked for his liking. He likes it still kicking. Great presentation. Delicious food. Oh and an employee let my daughter feed a bird and orange. Its name was luna it was a white parrot that kept saying hi and dancong to the upbeat music. Great place to go for an early lunch. Sit outside, let the toddler roam. Lots for the children to take in.
5	My wife and I went there for the first time this afternoon.  They have a bunch of local beers on tap, significant wine list, and looked like all the liquor you needed to make any cocktail.  The roof wasn't open yet, but it was too hot anyway.  I guess it opens at 6:00 pm in the summer and earlier times in the other seasons.  The inside is super cool as I'm sure you can see from the other reviews.  In addition to the beers we had, we got a pizza with pepperoni and green chili pork...I'm not sure that matches, but it sure was good!  And only $5 for Happy Hour.  We were lucky enough to have "E" as a bartender.  He was super cool and knew the his beers as well has the menu very well, and didn't try to up-sell anything.    Hopefully if you go, you'll get him as your bartender.  We're glad Chandler has a place like this and are looking forward to going back.
5	Fun atmosphere!  There was live music Saturday night on the rooftop patio. The fan misters kept us cool and the view from the rooftop was nice. There were so many beers to choose from.  It was fun to try ones I have never heard of. Try the citrus shrimp salad or the chicken and waffles both were delicious. Would love to see more fish options on the menu apps and dishes. Overall fun place....
5	I liked it. I was pretty wrecked when I was there, I slightly remember eating a pizza, and listening to a guitar player and a lot of birds. Props to the staff for putting up with our obnoxiousness. I think it has potential to be my favorite bar in Chandler.
5	Heard about this place through friends that live across the state (I'm from Scottsdale) Decided to do a staycation in Chandler and hit a few Breweries down there ... This was on the list for late night dinner and Brews.The moment you step beyond the Gates you feel like you're in a different place ... its like walking into a tropical paradise... trees all over the place, Misters were blasting, giving it a rainforest feel ... not to mention being surrounded by Exotic Birds. Amazing atmosphere. Estimated 45 minute wait for dinner ... Not a problem when you can enjoy their Very unique brews on the roof top bar area. Big fan of the Ginger MoFo (never thought i'd hear those words come from my mouth)25 min later we were called and taken to our table. tropical trees to our right, exotic birds behind us and a pop'n bar to the other side of us ... service was a bit slow ... but they were busy as hell ... and we didn't mind as the atmosphere was enjoyable, relaxing, and fun. almost felt like i was on vacation in a tropical location.Our server was awesome. he suggested foods that were good, knew the menu up and down, and when we asked about different dishes he didn't initially suggest, he was (very) honest.only downfall of this place ... too damn far from Scottsdale !
4	The service was great, food was amazing, I got the Perch Burger (huge, took half home) wife got a strawberry salad, I also got some kind of raspberry beer, pretty tasty.We own some parrots so we enjoyed seeing all of the birds, Scarlet Macaw, Blue & Gold Macaw, Cockatoo, Sun Conure and a ton of all types of Amazons, double yellow heads, single yellow head, blue Napes, etc, etc.....Pretty cool place, will return periodically, as it was $50 for what we had it won't be very often, that's upper end for us (besides Ruth's Chris)The patio was OK, they could use a professional architect to come in and make the atmosphere more appealing, but it was OK. The restrooms are interesting, access from the outside, they look like outhouses, but when you walk in they are plumbed and air conditioned, but could use a thorough cleaning, smelled a little....Those were the only reasons they didn't get 5 stars.....Definitely worth a visit, go check it out.
3	The atmosphere here is really good! Fun place and have a lot of drink choices to choose from! The service is lacking though, been here several times and it always takes forever to get drinks or someone to greet the table. The food and drinks are really good though, if you get a good server this place could be really good!
1	Waiter was ok.  Only checked on us once, which I'm assuming was because he knew the kitchen was in error !!!  It took 37 minutes for 2 orders of Chicken Tacos.  Overall Bad Experience and Food was Average at Best !!!  Sadly Disappointed !!!  Also, manager was AWARE of the time it took for our food and NO discount was offered or applied !!!
4	Not only are the birds impressive on your way in, but the giant gate leading to the restaurant through the patio kind of blew my mind.  I was there for a football game with my friend and had heard good things about their beer.  I tried a number of differing varieties, but the one that I liked most was their ginger IPA.  Once I added a squeeze of lime to it, I was inspired for my next home brew.  I love it when beer inspires me, so we were off to a good start. We got the pizza and the poutine - the pizza was excellent, easily some of the best in the east valley.  The poutine, however, left a lot to be desired.  I remember it being soggy and forgettable, despite the great intentions.  I would go here almost any time over the loud and obnoxious San Tan Brewery around the corner, so I will be back.  Any excuse I can get to hang out in Downtown Chandler means I get Paletas Betty for dessert, which is never a bad thing!
4	Good vibe here- outdoor seating available good space upstairs. 30+ crowd. Good service and yummy food
4	I come here for the beer/wine and mostly the burgers.  If we aren't up for driving...we come here for burgers.  They have such an awesome smoked flavor to their burgers (dont forget to ask for their homemade bbq sauce to dip it in!)  I have tried their shrimp salad as well and the shrimp had that gross fishy taste I am not a fan of but hey I gave some of their menu a chance and the only thing worth getting at this point besides the drink are the burgers and the wings. Enough said.  Definitely a must try.
5	Great place to go for happy hour. We tried a sampler of the 5 brews they have going right now and all were great. We also had a pepperoni and olive pizza which was very tasty with excellent crust and sauce. We loved the outdoor seating that was tree covered and cool. Our waiter kindly gave us a tour of their brewery which was a very neat and unique set up. We will be going back.
2	Yes, the birds are cool, but ultimately I am coming for the beer. And the beer is not so great. Last time we were here they were out of almost everything (only one of their own beers on tap). What's the point of coming to a brewery if all I can drink is domestics? Seems like I ended up in a menagerie of Coors Light and macaws....bummer.
4	What a great brewery, very cool vibe, the birds, the brew, bartenders, balcony roof top & their Beer Sponge....Bravo!It's a funky little establishment and every neighborhood needs a place like this tuck away on a side street/alley way to escape to.  We came for the brews and they had a nice selection.   At the time they had 6 of their own selections and the IPA was the favorite.  They also had a great selection of microbrews from other fabulous brewery locations on tab.  We order a beer sponge "pretzel" with their homemade beer cheese sauce....CHIRP=awesome!     The staff was awesome too...very friendly & attentive and they all know their beers.  We had a great experience here...can't wait to bring friends here and enjoy the roof top when the weather is cooler.  The more peeps that know about how this place, will flock here.
3	The service is EXTREMELY slow... Otherwise it would have been 5 stars. Had to ask for our sever several times. Our food was delish! We had a reservation and our table was not ready when we arrived even though they were slow. We were sat in a very dark area of the patio and had to use cell phones for lights....  We had to ask for more lighting... Seemed obvious to us but not to the staff....
3	This place has a lot of potential, great ambiance with the trees, lights and birds. Service is slow but the beer is good once you get it. The food Is hit and miss. Pretzels are good, green chili pizza has a good concept but a little dry and the bruschetta isn't anything to rave about. Still want to try the chicken and waffles! We will come back but would like to see this place step it up a little on service and food.
3	This is the 2nd time here after reading "ok" Yelp reviews. Thought to give it a 2nd try before writing a review. 2nd time around food /food presentation was much better. service the same: good, each time we were here for lunch and the restaurant was empty. We ordered the $5 beers, good deal right off. We then ordered the Beer Sausage Board  (beer mustard,  beer cheese, all made in house, served w/pickled vegetables, toasted pretzel bread), Hummus Duo (sun-dried tomato, artichoke, roasted garlic, chilies, lime)The Perch is a decent place for a local place for us, agreeing with another "Yelper", better then the loud hustle and bustle of Santan Brewery. I'll be back.
5	We love to go here!  So fun to see the bird's & the staff is delightful!  They have the best French Dips anywhere in the valley!  It's really a hidden garden in downtown Chandler!
4	Love this place.  Second time here.  Great service and even better food.  The perch burger tops the list.  Its beastmode good.  Great smoky sweet flavor.  I've also had the carnitas tacos anf they are great as well.  Andrew has been our server both times and he is awesome.  Full of great suggestions and reccomendations.  Its a little hidden bit well worth the hunt.
2	My friend loves this place so I thought I would give it a try. We parked in the dirt lot across the street and walked over. The restaurant looks really awesome from the outside! All of the trees and birds, it was impressive! Our party of 4 came around 7pm so it was fairly busy and we knew we would wait. Almost 45 minutes later and after seeing multiple tables clean and open for over 15 min was annoying when we we hungry! Once seated, our server seemed way too busy and when I asked him about the beers he didn't spend more than a minute just rattling them off the menu (I can do that). I asked for a description of one and he said he something along the lines of "it's like any other IPA".... But what is an IPA was my question. :-/ I got the burger and it was way too pink and COLD but I didn't want to complain I was so hungry at this point. He came back to see how everything was but was always running. I feel like we were an inconvenience if anything. The patio was really cool and would've been even better if people didn't let their kids run around like it was a zoo. The staff could've done something here... Overall this place could have great potential but didn't leave a good first impression with me. Maybe I will try the rooftop bar and give them one more chance!
3	We have now dined here twice. Once an early dinner, without our four year old, the other, a Friday lunch with the kid. I really want to rate them higher. The atmosphere is eclectic and loved all the seating options. Birds are loud, and noise can get overwhelming. If you are not prepared for a ruckus, don't sit close to them. Service was a major disappointment. Lunch was miserably slow. We ordered kids pizza (she loved it), Cuban sandwich (Hubby loved it, not a typical Cuban it had pork belly) and a half french dip with chili (it was okay). I asked for the beer menu and waiter took it back without asking if I wanted a beer, I wanted help since I'm a wino and have no clue about the beer scene, unless it's SanTan Epicenter or Fat Tire. I know, ridiculous, that's why I was hoping for a suggestion. They lost the sale, I had water. Then as lunch took over 30 minutes to prepare I was really wishing I had that beer. Bathrooms could be a problem, only one toilet for the men and one for the ladies. Ladies door would not close all the way and lock, it was a good thing no one needed to go while I was in there. Dinner was better. Hubby had fish and chips and I had fish tacos and a shot of tequila. Nothing wrong with the food or drinks, service still a bit slow. We will be back, just hoping service improves.
4	Really loved the eclectic environment and the birds.  They were very entertaining, something different, and I was absolutely gratified to know they are "rescues".  My husband and I live in Chandler and went there for dinner on a weeknight.  Had a house salad each (great) and the Chicken and Waffles (chicken great, waffles were dry).  Prices were reasonable. Went for a walk downtown after dinner.  I will definitely return.
4	The Perch is a nice spot in Chandler to grab some local craft beer and some good food. They have a few of their own beers, but have a good selection of other beers as well. You can follow their beer menu on Taphunter, which is usually when I decide to visit. They have a 4 oz flight glass for $2 so it is cheap to try new thinks. The pint is usually around $5. I have had some of the pizzas too, and I highly recommend those.  I usually end up taking half of it home with me.One of the big features of the brewery is the outdoor seating. There is a nice courtyard with plenty of seating (and plenty of birds in cages), there is a large bar downstairs, and there is another bar with ample outdoor seating upstairs. The key is to always go to the hostess and be seated. The sign says see hostess for seating in the tables, but it isn't really clear about sitting at the bar. See the hostess for that too because if you just walk in and sit down it is not very likely you will be seen and get a menu or drink any time soon.
4	I am so good when it comes to having date ideas now. I am, THE BEST. It's mainly Yelp's fault for making me this good. Silly Yelp. Without Yelp, places like The Perch would be non-existent for me. I would not know that I can skip the zoo and just head over to The Perch to check out elegant birds. I would not know that I have a hip, trendy, and chill roof-deck place to take my unassuming dates and look like a genius *brilliant*I have not eaten here, to be frank. I actually only had two glasses of wine. It was my first "date" in nearly 4 years. I was on my game. The date lasted nearly 3 hours, time flew by. The ambiance upstairs kept us chatting forever, the roof-deck overlooking the revamped Chandler streets. I was not going to beer it up on a date, but I can tell you they had a great list of local craft brews ready to be consumed. I also checked out the menu, which looks pretty solid. You pay a bit for the ambiance, which is primarily a jungle-infused hipster heaven filled with trees and a party deck upstairs for the misbehaving 20-somethings. They also have a niche bar downstairs you can walk into and slap down a couple brews. This place is a chameleon: 1/3 Restaurant, 1/3 Bar, 1/3 Party Deck.Let me make it simple for those looking for a hip place to take a date: Gentlemen: Take your Friday night date. Your arm goes around her neck as she notices the birds frolicking in the cage. You dine outside and eat a light dinner. Then go upstairs for a couple cocktails and great conversation. You win.Ladies: Make sure you go out with a good guy who has a great smile and is funny. Does he smell good? OK good. Don't eat too much or drink too much. Make him pay for it all, you rock. Check out the birds. If he doesn't like the birds, ditch him and go upstairs, lol.4 stars overall for the ambiance, versatility of amenities, and great waitstaff who are attentive and personable upstairs. I can't wait to come back and try the food. If its nearly as good as I expect, I will add a 5th star. Scouts honor.
2	Came here for the ambience, left because of the staff's attitude.  My friends live in the area and really wanted me to visit this place. The concept is great, the patio is awesome, didn't get to go up to the roof as it was closed during the daytime? Stopped in for 1 drink and left. Checked out the over-priced menu items; tater tots with garlic, herb goat cheese $8.00. A "Sonoran Dog" bacon wrapped hot dog on a pretzel bun $10.00 are ya kidding me? You want chili? That's extra. How about a "House Burger" for $12.00 The menu was made by "hipsters" for "hipsters". Jalapeno marmalade? Why? What's wrong with sliced jalapenos? This is what I'm talking about.I saw the tacos and the shells they use are like straight up taco bell. Save your money unless you are a twentysomething living at home and blow your money on drinks and food as paying rent is never a concern. I'll just spend more money "Living La Vida Loca!  Now you know the demographic group being targeted. So get in where you fit in. Right? There were plenty of staff there and not very friendly, dragging ass and dropping beer, dropping taco trays, just hurting probably from the excess of the previous night and not wanting to be on the opening shift no doubt. Maybe the vibe here at night is different. Maybe being drunk makes you grade softer and be more accepting of it all. I don't know. I kept telling myself, I gots to go! Management- tune up your menu and include non-hip menu items to be inclusive. Bird Lovers come in all shapes and sizes- ONE SIZE does not fit all. I'll give this place another shot again-maybe at night. But to sum it up now- This place is truly for the Birds!
5	This place is amazing.  The beer soaker uppers (pretzels) are the best I have ever had and the cheese keeps up with the quality as well.  I love the feel of this place and had really good service too. See Randal at the upstairs bar, did not even have to ask for a box for my food as he had already brought me one when I went to ask.    I had the chili dog to eat and holy chit is this thing off the chart.  Somewhere underneath a gargantuan pile of chili and cheesy awesomeness is a frigging delicious dog.  Finished off with a pretzel bun and this is hands down one of the best I have had.   I plan on coming here too try many more things off this menu.  Also Be sure to check out the rooftop bar, the selection of draft beers is limited but the view and feel make up for it.  Glad to live so close to this place will be back!Don't listen to previous negative reviews it's hard starting off a new restaurant but this place has settled in nicely and is top notch for sure.
5	This place is adorable! I went here for brunch with friends and we loved sitting outside with the trees and birds. The food was affordable and delicious.  They stop serving breakfast at 11:00 on weekends, so come early if that's what you want!
3	Atmosphere and beer is great, food not so much. Staff is friendly.  It's one of those places to go for good beer and a live band and to check out the exotic birds,  but if your looking to enjoy a full meal,  it's definitely not the place. We had pizza and it took over an hour to get, and then there was a black long hair in it...but like I said good beer...
5	Best kept secret in Chandler! If you like outdoor restaurants and bars, this is your place. Food and service great well. My new favorite place!
5	The food was really good! We were a party of 7, and between all of us we got a variety of things off of the menu.  All of them were super good! My favorites were the goat chess tater tots and the brussels sprout pizza. There is both outdoor and indoor seating, as well as a roof top bar.  My favorite part, besides the food, was the variety of birds.  The love birds were really cute and the parrots were gorgeous.  Overall a really cool restaurant that we will be back at!
3	I like the birds.  Everything else was all right.  The board of meats and cheese was good. But for myself, it's not my go to place.
5	A really great find in downtown chandler. Very cool outdoor scenery, great staff, really good food. Tim, the manager, was super attentive to our table, and our server Nolan was awesome. Had a burger, cooked to perfection, and the wife had the chicken tacos, which she said were great. Very good drink prices. $5 glasses of wine, which were very good, as well as other offerings. Definitely will be back to try other things. If your looking for a fun new place, with a great outdoor feel, come here.
5	Perfect weather.  Little shady patio with 100s of bird chirping  the smell of pinot noir lingers onthegentle breeze while my Beautiful tattooed Asian waitress bring me beer battered fish tacos at The Perch....ole!
5	The place is getting a lot better the food is great the service is great no complains
5	Okay, this might be "The Place" for me in Chandler. Tucked away in an alley, in what appears to be an old converted auto shop property or something similar, the ownership has done an amazing job of providing a tropical rainforest feel with the wonderful birds and vegetation. Go meet "Hercules", what an amazingly beautiful creature. Anyway, the taco carnitas are A M A Z I N G! Good breakfast menu now too! The local beers are fantastic. Great place to catch a game on weekends or listento some good acoustic music up on the roof. Check it out! I'll probably be there. Staff working there are great, and very welcoming.
3	I went to the perch for the first time with a friend last week. Their happy hour food is fantastic and their peach beer is amazing. I went back a few days later with my husband and the birds were very overwhelming. In fact by the time we left there he was having a major asthma attack. Unfortunately the great tasting beer and happy hour food specials aren't enough to bring me back because of the bird issues. I recommend anybody that has asthma or breathing problems do not go here.
4	Great place!  A local somewhat hard to find pub behind Pete's fish in chips. Cool birds. We had the topless salad and perch burger. Both were very good, the salad was exceptional. Great beers and drink specials.
4	Stopped in this morning...Small Business Saturday...only my fourth time here....  Was the only one in the bar since it was so early....was great!  I was able to chat about beers and breweries with the Bartender, Tyler.  Friendly & chatty chap!!  Gave me a couple of samples of beers...so I could better decide what I wanted a pint of.  I opted for the Cinnamon Honey Nut Porter!  Great beer, fantastiv staff...will definitely be back!!  Thanks for everything The Perch!!
4	Love this place, so much fun! This is mostly an outside bar, but there is an inside if you don't want to sit in "AZ Cold" weather lol! They have the heating vents placed all around the outside, lights hanging, music playing, chairs, tables, couches and of course, it is decorated for Christmas...... lots of fun! The Perch has its own brewery in the back, so if you like different beers, this place is a good place to try! Their food selection is OK, not fantastic, but decent. I like to go more for the atmosphere, enjoy the nice weather, listen to live music and catch up with friends! This place is very random and different, one of the main reasons I like it so much! Its also right in down town chandler, so if you like Christmas light looking, you can check that out down town after you're done enjoying this place! Have fun!!!
4	This is definitely a fun place.  All the plants and birds make you forget you're in AZ.I sat at the bar for lunch and had a great time.  The bartender was very helpful and knowledgeable and let me taste several beers.  I settled on their Belgian Peach and it was excellent.My house burger and tots rounded out a very good meal.
5	The food here has always been good. The tater tots have always been spectacular, but now the rest of the food is all grown up too. Their beers-on-tap list is sure to impress, and the staff treats you like family. We always bring our out-of-town guests here. I love this place!!
4	Great  atmosphere it can't be beat also great servers . Lots of beautiful birds to visit.just wish they had more foods like calamari higher end foods unlike pizza a burgers. All in all still love this place.
5	Here's another hidden gem in Downtown Chandler (DC) that is on my list of top places in the area!!!  I kept seeing the advertisements for this place but for some reason I kept thinking it was just a bar or beer place.  Man was I wrong and very surprised.Now I will be honest and say that we stopped at another place DC and it was way too expensive for brunch and decided to give this place a shot.  I remember that this area used to have a couple of salons and other shops before and now it is an exotic spread with birds, trees, a garden, and great ambiance.  The weather was perfect to sit outside on a Sunday morning for brunch with the football games on.  There was seating inside and outside but you can get a feel for everything by sitting outside.Our server was Dustin and he did a great job giving us the scoop on the menu and specials for the day.  The words four dollar mimosas came out of his mouth and I was game.  You know how some places are stingy with the mimosas and it comes out in these tiny little glasses?  Not this place because one lasted me the whole brunch and it was really good.The brunch menu had breakfast burritos, baked tamales with chorizo, and french toast.  Now the cool part is that the dishes are made in cast iron skillets in an oven.  I decided to go with the french toast since the tamale has a little kick for those that like that.  My french toast came with eggs and tater tots with onions and peppers.  Saying that it was good would be an understatement.  It was so friggin good!!  It was good and I blamed one of the birds.    Many people were getting wings, burgers, hot dogs, etc so those are available as well.  Make a point of walking around the grounds to see the 50 exotic birds and just how beautiful the scenery is.  I will need to make a point of going back at night to see the band that plays on the roof top at night for a girl's night out or with the fella.
4	Great beer selection and tasty unique food.  It's still new, so the service is a little slow...well worth the wait.  Try the green chili pork pie.
5	Stopped by after spending all day with my mom waiting for my father to get through a heart operation and after 11 hours in the hospital a stop here for a q uick tasking was a welcome relief.I didn't have the food but the tasking of the beers made in house was fun and this place has a great vibe, lots of birds in cages and trees provide a natural feel to the place and the always important hipster staff that wonderfully, are friendly and invite you into the wonderful world of hipster craft brew culture. When my dad gets a pacemaker at Chandler Regional in a few months I'm definitely coming by again - this time, hopefully, for a full meal. Bottom line, a unique place that is worth a drive to visit. :-)
4	This place is really cool. I love how unique the location is and the exotic birds are really neat. Make sure to walk around and explore! We had a beer sampler and tried 7 different beers that they brew on site. We were really pleased with the knowledge of the bartender on the beers and the quality of the beer. We didn't try any food this time, but we will be back. The food that we saw coming out of the kitchen looked pretty good, and there are some things on the menu that we would like to try. This place is definitely worth checking out!
4	First time.... went with friends liked the environment but when it came time for the food it took over an hour. The food was tasty too bad the waiter forgot two of our orders :/ terrible! THANK GOD for Allan he came through like a super trooper and made everything better. Perfect example of a great manager. THANK YOU :)
4	Worst thing about this place is it ruined all other pulled pork sandwiches for me!  That thing is fantastic!  Atmosphere is fun.  Staff is great.   Stop reading and just go
4	Went for late lunch on a Sunday. Tried several different beers. They were good but not world class. Food was good. Had the fish tacos which had a nice spicy sauce. Service was good and attentive. Will go back again depending on how often they rotate their beer selections.
5	We were the first customers to try the Sin City Burger.. It was the best burger I ever had, no lie.. Prime Rib and Lobster and Asparagus.. there was a side of gold flecked tater tots and we added Garlic herb and goat cheese.. we also got a side of the spinach artichoke, which I added to the burger and dipped the tots in it..The weather beautiful, the birds a chirpin.. and some low key music.. great staff.. CAN'T WAIT to come back...
5	The Phoenix area is so sprawled and spread out, you think you have to drive a long distance to get to a great neighborhood lounge, but that's not always the case! Just off Frye near Country Club, there is a great neighborhood gem. That gem is known locally as The Perch! A great friendly and professional environment, and super chill atmosphere! Check out the upstairs bar for a great view from The Perch! And don't forget to try their own craft brew and Duck sliders!
4	Want to have a delightful lunch in a hidden garden in Chandler? Rescue tropical birds are fun to see & give the feel like you are in a special place. Great food (French dip is the best ever) and friendly service! We'll make this one a favorite go to for sure!
2	I was really looking forward to trying this place.  I found it after reading a food blog.  I told my husband about it, and he was able to try it before me, during the week. He had only good things to say about it.  So we finally decided to try it on a Saturday night...just before the Holidays so the place was jumping'!  We went up stairs and found a seat for the 4 of us, but sadly no heaters near us and it was a little chilli.  After about 5 or 10 mins the waitress came by and gave us menus, then came back after about another 5 or 10 mins and took our order, then after about another 10-15 minutes she came back and told us every beer we ordered "just popped" ummm...none of us was sure what the meant, (maybe we're just too old) she explained that meant they were out of everything we ordered!  Really, 3 different kinds beers...they were all out of at like 8:30 pm on a Saturday?  She said she would be back to let us think about what other beers we'd like to order, but we didn't really feel like waiting about 20 mins or so to find out what else "popped" so we decided that we would "just pop" and go find a place that was better stocked and a little warmer.  I will try this place again...just not on a busy Saturday night....maybe.
5	What a fun place to eat and drink! Really nicely designed and decorated. The patio is full of trees with lights, intimate table seating and aviaries with birds....REAL birds. We thought they'd be noisy but they weren't at all, beautiful sounding actually. Now for the reason you're there. Craft beers galore and a well stocked liquor cabinet too. And the food....OMG, you must try the Duck Rueben, it sounds bizarre (and it is....a little) but it is sooo good. Smoked duck confit, slaw, wow. My date and I split the Rueben and a delicious burger of ground sirloin. We were too full for dessert, maybe next time just a dessert!
5	Good food, great beer in a different setting.  I have always had good service, bartenders are friendly.  Tried the smoked jalapeno wings and tater tots with gouda.  Best wings I have ever had!
1	I went here for a  bite to eat & a few drinks while I was in town visiting my parents.  Upon getting there, I did not see a hostess at the stand for awhile so I sat myself.  When I did get a seat it took quite awhile to get greeted.  When I finally got some service, he informed me that they were supposed to have 6 servers, 2 bartenders, a busser, and a hostess; but there was only 2 servers.  Needless to say service was slow the entire night, but I gave the guy the benefit of the doubt the entire night.  He seemed so frazzled that he got to the point of not caring anymore, I really did feel bad for him.The atmosphere was a cool outdoor bar with a bunch of rescue birds.  That is where the birds were cool.  The place had the slight tinge of urea smell (bird poo smell) & squawking birds which got so bad at one point it sounded like one was being waterboarded and giving birth.  The beer selection was good & they actually server their Moscow Mules (and their several variants of it) in the copper mug, big plus for me.  This category was 4 stars!Finally was the food.  My friend got a Margarita Pizza, it looked kind of blah.  She said it did not taste that great.  I ordered the Perch burger w/ tater tots.  The tots were soooo greasy.  They left a snail trail where they were sitting on the paper.  The burger was initially great, but this is where the big problem happened, there was a used twisty tie in my burger.  When I alerted the server, he removed the twisty tie with his bare hand (it had just been in my mouth) and walked off with it.  When he came back he let me know the management would give me a free drink. I worked in the industry for almost 4 years and I would have comped an entire bill if that occurred to my table, especially with all the other BS that was going on.   IT ended up being a $47 tab, it was his loss because if he comped the whole check I would have given him the entire thing as a tip.  Instead he got 25%.Will I be back?  Not at all likely.  Think this was a one and done for me.  I highly recommend trying something else in downtown Chandler, there are plenty of other options.
2	Most of the food was dry, cold or tasteless. Services was so slow and we needed to remind the waitress for our drinks several times. It wasn't crowded it was the wait staff spent most of the time with the loud bird. Atmosphere is the only nice thing. Not with a return trip though.
5	This is one of the coolest places to get some drinks and/or some food. I went here one night with my girlfriend and met up with a few friends. They have so many tasty beers to try that they brew right there. The atmosphere was awesome with an outdoor rainforest feel and they had a live musician that sounded really amazing playing an amplified acoustic guitar and singing into a mic that had a really loud and clear loud quality. I will be coming back here again for sure! Even just for the free show!
1	We were invited here for a friend's birthday party. Right off the bat we were not feeling the customer service. Reservations were made for upstairs near the band. We were seated over gravel on a mis-matched set up on a corner downstairs. Service? MIA. We frequently found ourselves going to the bar to order drinks. We cautiously ordered food....Would take too long to highlight all the imperfections in the food. Suffice to say that it was greasy and not worth the price.  Overall, there are much better options, even for groups, in the area. We finally left and went to a different establishment were we finished off the night!
4	Do not go here!  I want it all to myself!! if you do go check out the 30 beers on tap and The Perch Burger,  it will change your life. While you admire the birds in their coops say hello to Luna for me;)
4	excellent menu! Great service!
5	I love the Perch! I love the environment around you and the food is amazing as well. You feel comfortable when eating here. I love sitting upstairs especially in the winter time!
4	went on a Thursday...tasty and plentiful food - band excellent - atmosphere friendly and fun! i can't ask for any more. i will definitely go back!
