5	Maximum Comics has the friendliest staff and cleanest store I've ever been to.  First class all the way.
5	I love this place.The owner Jay makes an effort to learn your name and it's his business to know what you like. Very friendly. Rewards program is top notch as well.The location is excellent, right next to a Game Stop. I can buy my comics then check out video games. Get my nerd on without wasting gas.
5	I was in town for business and happened to stumble upon Maximum Comics.  I have yet to find a comic book shop that has the knowledge, selection and customer service of this place.  I only get to Vegas 6-7 times a year but always make time to stop by and load up on comics whenever I am in town.  Jay, the owner, always has great suggestions and even though I'm not a "regular" he remembers me and treats me like one.  He has turned me on to some books that I never would have picked up and am now hooked since I read the first issue.  THANKS Jay.
5	It's very hard finding a good comic shop anywhere.  For that reason, I'm glad that I found this one.While small, it's very well stocked, the owner (Jay) is very personable and friendly (he makes an effort to get to know your and your reading interests, so he can recommend stuff, which is top notch), and their subscription service is hassle free and easy to use.While I've been to bigger stores in other places, there's something to be said about good service and friendly people.  There are lots of cool little odds and ends to be found here.
5	I frequented more comic book stores than I can remember through out my career of nerddom and this place is by far the best comic book store in any place I've ever lived.  The previous reviewers are correct in saying that the owner (Jay) is one of the most personable individuals I've ever seen.  He makes you feel welcome and finds everything that you need.There selection is top notch and if he doesn't have something he will find it for you.  Go to this store.  Go to this store.  Go to this store.  It will be the last comic book store you ever need.
5	Great little comic book store.  Staff is friendly and willing to help.   They offer lots of perks and are really knowledgeable.   I like the fact that you can rent books and then get a deal if you decide to buy.   All around a great friendly store.
5	This place is way on the other end of town from where I live, but not far at all from where my ex-girlfriend lived. So she dragged me in one day while we were still together. The fact that I still come in here after all that time should say something.The selection of items is amazing. Marvel, DC, McFarlane, just about any comic book company, you'll find their stuff here. They have a good selection of past and current books, including tons of "bargain bins" filled with older books. They also have a good selection of manga, as well as memorabilia. The store even has a cooler with drinks available for purchase - not a bad idea for folks who come in here in a blistering hot Vegas summer. A TV set in the store is regularly showing comic-based movies as well. The staff are always friendly and helpful. Jay, the manager/owner, always has a great attitude and a vast knowledge of the products in the store. He also has a wicked sense of humor and it is unlikely you'll leave the store without laughing at least once if this guy is present. There are a lot of comic stores around the Vegas Valley, but this is far and above one of the best. If you're in the Tropicana/Ft. Apache area, this shop is a must-see.
5	I heart Maximum Comics! (Not as much as my son though! LOL) I love going here because the staff is awesome! There were a few times that I came into the store and showed them a photo of Wonder Woman, my FAV, and they were able to tell me who the artist was! I don't know much about comics, 'cept Wonder Woman of course, but when ever I have to buy something for someone, usually my son lol, they are so knowledgeable and are willing to assist the best way that they can. My son is always in their bargain bins... I love those bargain bins, well, because they're a bargain! Their selection is great and if for some reason, they don't have something that you're looking for, they are always so willing to assist you and make sure that you are in the direction that you need to be in order to get what you need.
5	This place still earns 5 Stars.  Frankly, I'd give it more if I could.It's hard to find "Your" comic shop.  The one that once you find it, you know it's "Home" for your reading needs.  But once you do, nothing else compares.  Here's why I stick to this place:1.) I got SUPER busy at the end of last year.  I didn't have time to come in for a few months, to the point where I figured that they would have written me off and shelved my books.  I walk in, and nope, everything I subscribe to was right there waiting for me.  Not one issue missing, and in perfect condition, save for one issue, where they promptly found me one in better shape.2.) They do an AWESOME job of ordering stuff.  If they don't have it, they will attempt to find it.  I was going crazy trying to track down a certain graphic novel, and they found it without breaking a sweat.3.) The staff is friendly.  They joke, they know their stuff, and you get the feeling that they look out for their customers, and their actions back that speculation up.It's a bit of a drive for me since I've moved, but good, dependable service is worth the extra mile or two.I've definitely found my comic "home", and plan to stay.
5	Our Son asked us to stop here so he could buy a birthday gift for his friend.  I had no clue this place existed, but I'm glad he knew about it.It has a ton of comics.  I browsed around while my Son went searching for the birthday present.  I could spend hours in this joint!  Since The Better Half (TBH) was waiting in the car, we only had a few minutes.....but it didn't take long once he asked for help.  The staff was very friendly and made sure he found what he was looking for.  He purchased 5 Ghost Rider Comic Books.When we got back to the car, I asked him which friend this was for....he said Kristen.  In a shocked voice I said "Are you sure Kristen will like this gift?!".....he said "Yeah Dad, she loves comics."......I told him to marry her.  He laughed and said I was crazy.  Oh well, he'll regret it later.Will I return?  Next time without TBH so I can "waste some time" looking around, ha!
5	In my travels I have been to many comic shops. This shop is by far the best. Jay and his team make everyone feel like one of the gang. Clean shop, knowledgable staff, and not comic-pretentious. This is comics by comic fans.
5	i have been reading comics for over 15 years and have buying them all over the country. The crew at maximum comics is everthing you could want from a comic book store. Informative employees with great attitudes will always keep me coming back. they are so good they make everyone else look really bad
5	I wish i could give it even more stars. After i got back from iraq i need to reconnect to my past since i was having problems adjusting. Soo i started to read comics again. And after "dealing" with all of the other stores bullshit i found the gem in the ruff. This place has it all, but most of all it has the best customer service in town and state. I have been to every store in las vegas, blue diamond, and henderson and this is the best. The owner is a nice fellow by the name of jay. His staff always have time for a quick chat. They all are well read in any and all books. I live on the other side of town and i dont mind the drive because i know everything is all good at this place.this store gets involed in the town we all love by having free comic book days and reads at local schools as well as recently help out host a bake sale to fund getting red rock cleaned up.  Thank you all for the awesome work.
5	So, this past summer I rediscovered my inner geek when I came across this store when I stopped by Game Stop and Rocket Fizz one day.  I've been hooked ever since.The staff is hands down the best comic book store staff I've ever come across.  I've visited most of the stores in the area now and most can't even come close.  A few do.  The owner, Jay, is just a big kid when it comes to comics, toys, clothing, you name it.  He just loves the stuff and is one of the most personable people I've ever met in my life.  He really enjoys what he does and goes out of his way to make sure that his customers are more than happy and in turn, they keep coming back.  They will special order anything they can get their hands on to make someone happy.  The guys that work for Jay all have a ridiculous amount of knowledge when it comes to comics, pop culture, and whatnot.  The selection is top notch here!  There are just tons and tons of comics, toys, novels, graphic novels, statues, and even clothing to chose from.  Not to mention the back issues sections in both stores.  OMG is all I can say.  1.0 has roughly 24 drawers and 2.0 (much bigger store) has about 60 drawers of nothing but back issues.  They even have pieced together sets of issues pertaining to certain story lines.  Last I saw, there were hundreds of sets to be had.  There is also a cool and wide selection of variants.  Onto the deals.: Join their facebook and you'll get special deals just for facebook fans.  The newest ones have been letter of the day deals.  Yesterday was P, so all back issues at cover price in the letter P were sold for only $1 instead of the $3-$5 cover prices.  I've filled out some nice parts of my collection using these.  You have to be a facebook fan to get it and let them know so they can verify it.  But most of the staff is pretty good at remember who is who, which is really cool!All graphic novels and TPB"s are 20-25% off at ALL times for pull box members in good standings.  Pull boxes, for those who aren't familiar with the term, is where they put the comics/novels you have on pre-order as they come in.  You have like two weeks to pick them up before they go into "delinquent" status, then a couple more before they are put back on the shelf.  For those customers with more than 50 titles on their pull list, they get 25% off, and the rest get 20% off.  No more buying on Amazon for me!They randomly have in store specials most days of the week.  During holidays and special events, the sales/deals go insane.  They also hold in store drawings, which I've won five of them now I believe, for some pretty cool stuff.Oh yeah, Slidin' Through, the Slider Truck has been starting to make appearances every other Wednesday at the 1.0 store!  Get there early, bring your receipt from the store and take it to the truck and get $1 off your food order.  Coincidentally, Wednesdays is new comic day (release day each week), so that works out great!  Honestly, I can't say enough about this place.  Go check it out, you won't be sorry.
5	I think this is the best comic book store I've ever been to.  The people who work there are into what they sell and are all very helpful.
5	Great store!!!  We were in town and visited the west-side store.  We liked it so much we drove across town to the Henderson location (15 min.) to check it out.  The staff is very friendly and they had a great selection.  It was a lot of fun to see many of the vintage books I remembered from childhood.
5	The Good: The Staff, the Reward Program, Selection, and some of the best customer service anywhere. Just effing anywhere.The Bad: Well it's not terribly convenient to the Eastern 5/6ths of Vegas, and some of the comics aren't bagged and boarded. Also it's not a HUGE Shop.Location, Location, Location: It's next to a gamestop and ROCKET FIZZ, so you can get comics, caffeine and video games all with one trip. Unleash your inner 10 year old. I go into this shop maybe three times a year, the guy always knows my name. It's crazy.
5	Maximum comics is one of my favorite, if not my favorite, place in town.  I am here once or twice a week buying comics or just hanging out.  I have been going here just under a year and the entire staff at this location knows my name.  Sometimes they'll even have my comics ready for me before I get in the door.They have a pull-box system that enables you to reserve comics, trades, hardbacks, graphic novels, and pop culture items.  You can order stuff a week in advance or months in advance and it is always there waiting for you.  When you are a pull box customer, all of your comics, pull box or otherwise, are bagged and boarded for free and you receive at least 20% off all graphic novels year round!  How awesome is that?Jay, the owner, helped me learn about comics when I first became interested about a year ago.  I walked in and told him I have never read a comic, rattled off a few of my interests, and within minutes I was hooked on a new medium of entertainment.  The thing that makes this store so special to me is the attitude that Jay and his staff have about their business, comics, and their customers.  They are knowledgeable about past, present, and future comics and always know what to recommend.  They also go the extra mile to support the community.  Their support ranges from talking to kids at the elementary schools to attending the Vegas Valley Comic Festival, and teaming up with local theaters to promote comic book and similar type movies.  If more businesses in Las Vegas put this kind of effort into the community, they would not only help a city badly in need of more culture, their business would be as good as Maximum's.
5	I normally don't give 5 star reviews - I think I'm way too picky, - but I can honestly say that I have never had better customer service - anywhere - than at Maximum Comics.  Jay and the gang are extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and nice.  Not only do they remember you when you come in, but they are actually happy to see you and they take their time in getting you what you're looking for.I moved away from Vegas for a year (recently moved back) and  went through withdrawals.  Seriously, I have not found a better comic book store - heck, regular store - anywhere.  The majority of comic book stores I've been to feel like a cavern or a dungeon...not this place - it's bright, cheery, and welcoming.  They have a great reward system, a free 'pull' box in case you can't make it in every week, and great discounts.Even if you're not into comics, the place has a bunch of other pop culture stuff that will wet your appetite.
5	This place takes me back to my childhood. It had been years since I read my last comic and the owner and his staff were all really nice/helpful guys. They asked me what I used to read a child and gave me recommendations to what I'd probably like as an adult. So far, they haven't been wrong.  Another thing I love about this place is that If they don't have a comic at this location, they'll find it for you, call you up to let you know it's there, and have it waiting for you at the counter when you return. When you mix that kind of customer service with an awesome atmosphere, you deserve a 5 star review.
3	Ok, Alternate Reality Comics is still my fave BUT I must give credit to Maximum Comics for  customer service and great deals. For this particular location I think they are lacking when it comes to variety. I enjoy the variety comic book store that comes equipped with cards, board games, art books, comics/graphic novels of all publishers, posters, collectibles, T-shirts, seating area, food/drinks- and guess what? this place doesn't have it all- thus 3-stars :b but, prices are average and they had a great selection of G. Novels and Comics. I cannot stress enough how I think it would be better to organize according to author or publisher, it makes looking for your style of read much easier- unfortunately this place was like the others I've seen and it doesn't stand out. But for now this location stands at number #2 on my list. **I've heard really good things about their Henderson location, So I hope when I check that place out someday, that it brings more of what I'm looking for in a quality comic book store...***
5	Great guys in here!I didn't know much about comics at all until my son and I started going in this shop.Great advice on age appropriate reading for the youngsters, and I've actually gotten into a few series that are fun to read for adults.With all the new Marvel and DC movies hitting the big screens, this is a great way to learn more about the characters we're watching in the movies.Top notch customer service.  Great store!
4	These guys are awesome.  Love coming in here and talking shop.  While they carry a lot of stuff they are a small store and can only cram so much in.  5 star if not for the size of the store.  They have all sorts of t-shirts and toys which takes away from the selection of comic books/ graphic novels.
5	Ok, I'm going to fess up.  I don't read comic books.  Ever.  However, my husband is about a 6 on a nerd scale of 10 so I've been to many comic book stores in my day.Maximum Comics is a large store and brightly lit.  It doesn't have the dark, crowded feel like many comic book stores and everything is so well-organized even I can figure my way around the place.  Newest editions are to the right by the counter, newer comics in alphabetical order on the left, and older stuff in the drawers in the back.  Graphic novels, omnibuses (I think that's a term...), etc. are on the shelves through the middle of the store.You can also find shirts, hats, toys, statues, and bumper stickers to fulfill your nerdy needs.  Employees are super nice and really helpful.Now I really need to tell you why Maximum is like a boss.  Once a month they screen a movie at Rave.  Not impressed?  What if I told you the movies are played at midnight, they are cheesy and/or nerdy themed, you get to yell at the screen, and it is free to get in?  It's ok to agree with me.  Maximum is awesome.Some movies they have shown include: Spaceballs, Monster Squad, Howard the Duck, and Flash Gordon.  Come early for a good seat and a chance to win some prizes.A definite store to visit if you are a comic book nerd (it's ok, we won't judge).  See you at the next movie!
5	The best comic book store in Las Vegas. If you're visiting Sin City on a Wednesday and won't be able to make it into your local comic store, don't stress about it... MaximuM will most likely have every title on your pull list. Great people, great selection. Geeks will be happy to find this little slice of paradise in the middle of the desert.
4	Love the deals on $1.00 comics. Good location, as there are a lot of other cool shops in the shopping center. The staff was also quite friendly and willing to answer my questions.My favorite purchase here was a reusable Star Wars (original of course) shopping bag. I get so many comments from cashiers and other shoppers when I use it!
3	I love a good comic.  Used to collect them until there became so many titles from DC and Marvel and the independents that I would have to rob a bank just to keep up with all the different variations on my favorite heroes.  But I digress.  This Maximum store (apparently there is at least one other in the Vegas area) is on the smaller side with comics alphabetical on one wall and new releases on the other.  This is almost a weekly ritual with my daughter now as we stop at Panera for breakfast and then go to the comic store to see if they have her comic.I very much like that they provide free comics to the local schools and have free comic Wednesday.  Also they have a blackboard in the store advertising some charity events they are involved in.The staff is friendly but even though they promised to order the book my daughter  wants, they never have them in and claim they are backordered from the publisher (for several months).  Yes we are not a big customer buying one book a week but still, tell us you can't get them or that they will take several months, don't promise next week and then forget that we even asked.  I truly get the impression they aren't even going to try to order the books.  If anyone from the store is reading this, she likes Lego Ninjago and is looking for issues 1 and 2.The size of the store and the sheer number of the comic books make it seem a bit intimidating but when you take a breath it is easy to find what you are looking for.  There also isn't a very big selection of older comics.  They do have a lot of models, toys and figurines scattered throughout the store.I love comics so I enjoy this store but it could use a bigger space and a bit more organization on the special order front.
4	Cool little store. I bought the whole set of the Dark Tower series comic book for Doug here years ago. I keep going back and find great gifts that I didn't even know existed.  Scored a sweet Boba Fett business card holder for my husband  Christmas stocking. Prices are good and the staff is always willing to help you out. Tons of comic books line the walls, they have t-shirts, action figures, etc. I saw a couple cute super hero corsets when I was there, every Fan Boys dream girl wears these. I hear they are currently redoing their store and will be ready after the New Year. I haven't been to the other 2 stores in Vegas but this one is closest to my home. Excited to see how they revamp their store.
5	This is where I go to get all my comics. I've actually been going here every wednesday since i moved to Las Vegas. The guys who run the shop are very knowledgeable. Also, if they ever run out of a book, they call their other locations to see if they have it. If they do, they send it to this store so I don't have to drive around town. Great place to get you comic book fix!!
5	This is an excellent comics store, i love it. The guys that work there are awesome, very kind and always helpful. They've got a great variety of comics, toys and collectables, and the store is always clean and eye popping. Definitely my favorite comic store in town
5	this is a fun store and the staff are nice. Only wish is the store was bigger with more video game merch
5	Hands down best comic book store in Vegas. If they don't have it in stock, they know where to get it. I'm totally hooked!
2	Not much of a selection :/ the guy who works there is pretty nice
5	I am somewhat new to comics. I read some as a kid but really just started getting into them more as an adult. I have been in some comic book shops where it feels like being a newbie is a bad thing and they don't really want you there. THIS ISN'T THAT TYPE OF PLACE!The staff is great! They answer all my questions without some weird superiority judgment. (they also remembered me by name after only a few visits) They set up a subscription box for me to keep track of the comics I want. They matched some prices I found online for some back issues I needed. They call around to other stores to track down the issues you may need. They have a decent rewards card that when you fill it up you get a free book. The toys there are pretty fairly priced as well.Overall, great place!
5	Only been to store 3 in Centennial, but what a great place.  The staff is awesome, and always friendly.  If I had any complaint it would be that the game room isn't very big.  Gets crowded during tournaments, but that's a minor issue.
5	As a long time comic reader and lover of all things geeky, I can assure you that Maximum Comics is the best comic book store that I have ever been to.  The environment is both warm and welcoming.  The selection is incredible, and if you cannot find what you are looking for, simply ask one of the lovely individuals who work there.  They will bend over backwards to find what you are looking for.  The customer service is the best.  Hands down.  New to comics?  Looking for that perfect present and totally not into geekery, no worries!  Just ask for help!On a girly note, every comic store I have ever visited or worked in has always had a distinct funky odor to it.  Not Maximum Comics.  It always smells really nice.  Finally, this store is for EVERYONE.  They have a fantastic selection of comics and merchandise for ALL AGES.  Great kids books, fantastic teens books, amazing mainstream reads and even a lovely variety of the independent and more obscure titles.  By far, the best comic book store that I have ever frequented.  OH!  And they are constantly running amazing sales, promotions, events (most of which are free and open to everyone).  You should really go check them out!
5	Best Place for Comics, Statues, Toys etc! Awesome staff and kid friendly. I never seen a comic book store that takes care of there costumers so good! 3 Awesome locations in Las Vegas! I have been a comic book fan since i was a kid! and i wish this place was around when i was growing up! cool Shops! II a huge statue collector, and these stores carry Bowen and SideShow plus others.. Im happy:)Thank you Maximum Comics!!!!
5	HATE  Nothing.DISLIKE  Location could use more space.LIKE  The way store is organized. The selection. The option to have a "pull box" (which is when they set aside incoming titles for you).LOVE  The staff is friendly, knowledgable, and very accommodating! If they don't have a certain item, they'll call their other stores and have them sent over. The punch card.
5	I dont know anything about comics exept for what ive seen on the show comic book men but I knew that I wanted the walking dead, I came here today with my son and his dad and the staff was so friendly and helpful with all of our questions we had, they didnt judge us for not knowing anything, we just talked with the people there and they showed us the best comics to get for kids (for my son, he got spiderman and avengers) and told me that if I wanted to collect the walking dead comics it would be better to get the big book (12 issues) rather than the little ones (6 issues, and more for like travel) and I got it for a good price too, at some book stores the big book is like $60, here it was $35 so im super happy, oh and the guy at the counter gave my son a couple super hero keychains just cuz he asked what they were, so my son fell in love lol, ill deffinately be back :D
5	Maximum comics is a great customer service experience catering to all the new Fanboys alike and they also have a great selection of comics and other novelty
5	The best comic store I have ever been to. The staff is so friendly. Especially Anthony!! They always take time to find what you are looking for even if they have to order it. My daughter also loves coming here and looking through their selection of kids comics. I can't say enough about how great this store is.
5	This store always smells like cake. They have the friendliest staff here. My husband made me come here to pick up some comics for him & I was scared cuz I'm a noob when it comes to comic books so I had no idea how anything works & shit but the workers were very helpful with that & made me a box so I wouldn't have to worry next time.
5	Wasn't sure we could do all three shops so sent a FB msg to the store. We had a response in under 12 hours ( really good given I posted outside normal work hours) which explained the pros and cons and which ones to try. Happy to say we made the trek to #3 and the staff were great, the store had lots of cool figurines for all budgets and a great range of comics from the very latest to some graded material. It was nice to walk into a comic store that wasn't dingy, nor did it have overly nerdy staff make you feel unwelcome. The guy that served us was polite, helpful, knew his stuff and didn't freak out at have kids in the store. Which was good as they spent their $ too.
5	I completely forgot that I signed up for a box over 2 months ago for my husband and they gave me a call and left a voicemail reminding me that they have kept up with all of the comic books. I would have thought that since I hadn't come in for a while, they would've just emptied my box. I came in and picked it up the comics that same day and the staff was great, really friendly. I wish all stores in general could provide excellent customer service like these guys.
5	I'm only in town for a short time. I came into the store with a long list of books I wanted. The sales guys were super helpful. They even called a cab for me when I was done.Highly recommended
4	I'm a bonafide geek, dork, nerd...yet my secret shame is that I don't know that much about comics. I really, really want to be "into" comics but I just can't take that first step. It all changed the day I was having lunch at a sandwich shop next door and saw two guys hanging around outside Maximum Comics dressed as a stormtrooper and Wolverine. Yeah, okay, that finally lured me inside! If those types of folks are the typical customers here, then I will fit right in! Although I'll admit that I'm not super qualified to write a review of a comic shop I love browsing here! The employees are super helpful, knowledgeable and really friendly so it's always a pleasure just to pop in and look around. They sell more than just comics here so there's always something cool to buy. The store is really well organized and neat and clean. If you are a comic reader, check this place out. If you need a gift for a fellow nerd, this is the place to buy it.
5	I've been coming here for 7-8 years. There have been many employees that have come and gone. There have been small and huge cosmetic changes to the store. There've  been mishaps to my order. There's been surprises to my order. But the one thing that has been consistent all these years is the amazing commitment the owner jay has to his costumers happiness and satisfaction! It shows in the way his employes are trained. It shows in the cleanliness of the shops. It shows in his interactions with you. It shows in his merchandise selection. It show in his special events. This is hands down the best comic shop and group of comic shops in Las Vegas and maybe the world!
5	What makes this place so awesome is the customer service, I have to say that I have never experienced better! You can tell they love their job and are willing to answer any of your questions. The owner is a complete sweetheart too! The store is really organized and small. But I don't have a problem with the size, it's just right. I also like to go to some of the events they have! Usually there is a great crowd. :)
5	Maximum is great I shop at store 1 all the time the staff is super friendly and these guys actually read the comics so they know what's up every once in a while you'll find a gem of a silverage comic for a fair price if your just starting out collecting or you just like reading you should check out maximum
5	Great store fun for all ages i have been a fan of comics my hole life i have been going to this place sense it first opened i love the employees and the owner there all great
5	Beautiful, clean, and wonderful customer service.  The employees see helpful and patient for comic novices like myself. They always have great events for the whole family or just the adults! The owner is an incredible representation of how local businesses give back and improve our community. Make mine maximum!
5	This group of comic book shops is the best in Las Vegas hands down. When I was living in town 07-11 this was a weekly stop for us. Clean friendly staff that gets to know you. The man who runs the shop Jay is innovative and is always coming up with something new. I have considered driving there (10 hours) for some events he has had! This shop is one of the things I miss most about Vegas and I think my husband would say it what he misses the most even over friends lol. Thanks Jay for always making us feel like part of your family.
4	Its an awesome place to shop for comics or toys. The staff is very friendly and will assist you in any way possible
5	I wish I could make this a movie trailer rather than a written review. It would go something like this (you'll have to use your imagination):*Voice over* In a world, plagued by terrible customer service experiences, one store, one team sought to overcome it all. Coming this June, the staff of Maximum Comic Store #1 in: Maximum Customer Service.Ok so it's a working title...I've gone here a few times off and on over the last few months and everyone I've met is cool. Most recently, I went in looking for two specific titles and, while I didn't find them on the shelf, I thought I'd ask about them just in case. Jenny called the other stores and they had what I was looking for! Not only that but she offered to have them brought over. Just a super awesome experience and the staff is really what makes it. Thanks!
