4	There's a certain crowd in Charlotte that believe that Mac's is the end-all and be-all when it comes to barbecue.  And that's okay, because while they're cramming themselves into Mac's, I can hang out at McKoy's (so far as I know, there is no relation).McKoy's is a small place, tucked into a corner on Woodlawn at Old Pineville, where at least two or three places have been since I've been in Charlotte, and if memory serves, McKoy's has been there longer than anything else.This incarnation is something of an upscale biker bar.  But what they really have is good barbecue.  Not that other food isn't good, but the 'cue is top-notch.What you need to do, however, is catch them when it is freshest.  Though lunch and dinner can get a bit busy, it's the time to go, because if the meat has been sitting a while, it can dry out, and at that point, it's only as good as Mac's.  That's not bad, it's just not the best  When it's fresh, however, it is as good as it gets - even without the need for sauce (though they have a good vinegar, and I don't even like vinegar).Also make sure you try their macaroni and cheese, which along with their sweet potato fries are quite possibly the best in town.  The only downside is that it can get a bit smoky inside (no longer a problem now that you can't smoke inside!).  They have a small porch out front, but it's right on Old Pineville - so there is some downside.  Otherwise?  McKoy's rocks.
3	From the outside, McKoy's really doesn't look like anything spectacular, just your normal neighborhood restaurant. But once inside, this place definitely has the saloon look & feel.I've only eaten lunch here, but their lunch menu doesn't disappoint, & they usually have a pretty good special that most people get. And while I know the feel of the place gives off the saloon/biker feel, the food quality & taste will impress you. Their menu has many options, with a big enough selection for even your pickiest eaters. I had more of a southern meal, fried chicken with mac & cheese, & it was pretty good. It wasn't the best fried chicken I'd ever had, but I left full & happy for the price I paid.Another big thing about McKoy's is the wait staff. They only hire beautiful girls, ones that catch the eyes of their customers. So you'll usually see a lunch crowd of mostly guys. The lunch crowd can get pretty large, so get there early or late to try and beat the line.McKoy's is tucked away & may take a nod in the right direction for you to notice it, but it's worth the trip when you discover it. McKoy's atmosphere is very inviting & welcoming, along with an excellent menu & food taste that will bring you back again.
4	Normally when someone tells me to go to a biker bar for good food, I ignore them. But then again is it ever considered normal for someone to suggest a biker bar for dinner? I was feeling adventurous so I gave it a shot. It's not so much a biker bar as a biker inspired bar. I didn't see one Hog parked out front, however the interior is decorated with Hog Memorabilia and various motorcycle knick knacks.The food is what we were there for, so that's what I'll review. The mac n cheese is the real deal Holyfield, complete with a perfectly browned top from being baked in the oven the way mac n cheese should be. The greenbeans were so good I ordered them as an extra side and the blackened seafood platter was a hit. Spicy enough with out being too greasy. They even had vegetarian options which is almost unheard of in Charlotte, much less at a BBQ joint. Needless to say I'm a fan and I can't believe it took me so long to find this place! Oh yea and all of that was under $20! Priced to move.
4	Went for breakfast this past weekend before heading out on a motorcycle ride. Ordered the omelet and hash browns.  This is probably one of the best breakfasts I've had in quite sometime in Charlotte.  The staff was friendly and very good.Holding the 5th star for the second visit.
3	This was my first visit to Mckoys, so I can't give them a higher rating just yet. They seem to be the direct competitor to Macs, offering the same menu items and having a Bikes and BBQ theme. Since Macs has more flair, it tends to bring in the masses. Mckoys though, seems to be more of the everyday neighborhood lunch or dinner spot. I would prefer to go here Just to avoid the crowds. Mac N cheese is good! It isn't watery, creamy, yay. Slaw is also yummy. The sauce at the bottom of the slaw was still white, and not a watered down mess. The main attraction, the BBQ sandwich though, was just okay. Oh woe is me, I forgot to ask for bbq sauce, so my sandwich is plain. I'm a big fan of sauce and wanted to taste Mckoy's tomato and vinegar based sauces. I wish BBQ joints would give extra sauce as a standard on to go orders. I didn't get my pickle either. I can say though that the bbq is smoky and moist, unlike Macs. Mckoys definitely has potential and notably Quality. I will be back to gorge myself on everything else they have to offer.
4	I really try not to compare restaurants in a review, I try not to even mention other restaurants, but in this case it makes me want to yell, Mac's who!????  McKoy's Smokehouse is great.  Service is great, the food is prepared with care and the manager even checked on us after our meal.  I am a sucker for fried food served hot.  Once you notice that we eat lukewarm food all the time in restaurants, it's always surprising when food comes out so hot you can't eat it.  It gives me a hard on.  They served up some fried squash that  made my toes curl. Hip hip hooray for McKoy's!
4	This was the first bar my husband and I visited when we first moved to Charlotte.  They were right across the street from our hotel, and it just called to us.  My husband and I both have motorcycles, so it was GREAT to learn this was a biker friendly bar, let ALONE a biker bar w/ an awesome Bike Night.  They food doesn't suck either.  We usually get burgers ('cause they're everything a burger should be) but we're very fond of the "Smokin' BBQ Pork Platter".  We can order a Large, and it feeds the both of us with some left over... for only $12! They almost ALWAYS have an awesome band playing on Friday during Bike Night, and the set up in the lot is just AWESOME. I love me some Macs Speed Shop, but they can't touch McKoy's food and atmosphere. We love this place and will continue eating/playing here for as long as we're in Charlotte.
4	Drove into Charlotte looking for some good BBQ before a meeting. Googled on my phone and found McKoy's. 5 Stars all the way on Google, so I had to try it.Loved it. Had the pork plate (lunch special) w/ Sweet Potato Fries and Spicy Pintos. The meat was sweet and tender. Smoked to perfection. Didn't need a drop of sauce, but I couldn't keep away from their NC-style sauce. The sauce made the Sweet Potato fries even better, and the pintos were a unique addition.I'll come back here every time I'm in Charlotte!
4	Okay it's official, I'm a believer. I made sure to sample both sauces this time, the tomato and vinegar based. Surprise, surprise, I like their vinegar more! Their vinegar sauce compliments the BBQ sandwich so well I just have to convert. All other vinegar sauces I've tried had have just been to strong for me and I'm not a purist just yet. Oh and my coworker said, and I quote,  "wow these are the best ribs I've ever had in Charlotte and this mac n cheese, Ooooooooooooooomg." Yep, she said it just like that.
4	The Friday lunch special is Fried Chicken, Mighty damn good fried chicken. At Only (with ONLY being capitalized and highlighted on the paper menu) $7.95 with two sides, I thought this was a steal. When I got back to work though, there was only one breast. Had I known, I would have just paid the extra $2 for two breasts. 7.95 for one breast, is not a steal - I actually feel like I was stolen from. No one likes only one breast! The chicken though, is very good and I mean VERY. Not greasy, very moist, and excellent crispy batter. Let me put it to you this way, I usually don't like fried chicken breast, even from the ever so famous coop. Mckoys breast, is wow. The mac n cheese Never disappoints and mashed potatoes are quite tasty and whipped nicely.All in all, a loyal customer now I am.
3	Had my 2nd visit to McKoy's on Saturday for lunch.  Before heading to the airport my friends wanted BBQ one more time and I figured they'd tried Mac's, let's go somewhere else.It was a bit of a let down this time.  Our server was new, and she told us this at the end of our meal.  But really it was painfulyl obvious from the way she gave someone sweet tea instead of unsweet and forgot to differentiate between the regular Coke and the diet's.  Oh well she was sweet if not a bit out there.We started with fried green tomatoes and the wings in the bar-balo sauce.  Both were good and I really liked the wing sauce, it had a nice tang to it but not spicy (I can't handle any spicy foods).All 4 of us ordered ribs, 2 full racks and 2 half.  I got a half w/side salad and sweet potato fries.  The salad was really good for a side and the honey mustard dressing was yummy.  The 1/2 rack of ribs was still too much food.  The 2 who got the full looked shocked when the food arrived.  The sweet potato fries were not as good as last time, I kept raving about them to anyone who would listen, this time they were just average.  The ribs were okay, I've had much better.  And apparently the complaint from those w/full rack said half was really moist and the other half was dried out and tough.  Took a bite of mac and cheese and it was good.I'd go back again.  The wings were solidly good on both trips and they have good drink specials.  I just would probably not go out of my way to head back soon though.
4	I like Mckoys..........WAY better than Mac's!!The wings are great nice smoked flavor on them and a good variety of sauces to choose from, not just your basic buffalo.Ribs were Enormous!!! I had a 1/2 rack and they too had a great smoked flavor. I had a salad which was surprisingly good and the Mac N Cheese as the waitress put it "Crack N Cheese"...wasn't as good as the first time i had it, but still good!! Server was ok, not looking for a 5 star dining experience but still like it as another option for barbecue!!
3	I like this place mainly for the cold beer and the bikes.  I did have some good fried okra and collard greens here though.
4	McKoy's is a small bar and restaurant that is located off Woodlawn on Old Pineville.  In the past it was quite smoky inside, but with the new NC laws that is no longer an issue.  They specialize in smoked meats like wings, ribs, and chicken.  Later in the night it becomes more of a bar, but they do serve a full menu until around 11.  The crowd most nights is a mix of people, but on weekends the events and scene are geared toward the Harley crowd.  For me the food is the main attraction. The wings are smoked and then grilled or double grilled for extra crispiness if requested.  They are quite good and have great flavor and on any given night that is what a large portion of the clientele are eating.  The barbeque is also smoked and I think it competes with anyplace in town and the portions are huge.  There is a regular or large sandwich on the menu and I would say for most people stick with the regular.  The third menu item of what I consider their three main attractions is the ribs.  They are meaty and smoked all day and are tender and flavorful.  They are available in half rack and full rack and the full rack is huge.  For the sides I normally order the mac and cheese, green beans, or fried squash and all are quite popular choices.  A friend of mine favors the queso and chips and it is a very popular appetizer.  I can't speak to the rest of the menu items because I normally stick with the wings, barbeque, or ribs.  I would say overall if you are looking for a hearty meal involving smoked meats this is a good choice.  I would say that McKoy's does become more bar than restaurant later in the evening and on biker events on the weekend.  Everyone is still friendly and the service is still good, but it is less of a dining environment and more a drinking environment.  One recent addition they have made is a roofed deck in the front of the building.  They have always had a small deck, but it is now expanded and covered and is much nicer.  Overall I would recommend McKoy's and personally I enjoy my meals there.
4	Oh yeah, I'm a fan of McKoy's! If Mac's is a 5, this is a close 4-4.5 star! More of a true smokehouse/bar feel for me than Mac's and the food was almost as good. Ordered the pork platter which came with 2 sides...went with the mac & cheese and fried As Pourina mentioned, the mac & cheese is awesome! Went on Friday, which is also Bike Night, so it was cool to see all the bikes and hear the band while walking into the place. Made me miss my Harley...maybe again soon?!Noticed a lot of people ordering the ribs too, which were huge, especially the full slab. Great mix of people too. Be prepared for the music to be playing loud inside. There's a nice patio too! My only issue was that they ran out of PBR, so I had to go with my second choice...the champagne...Highlife baby!
4	I have driven by here many times and never even though about stopping in.  A  friend brought me on Saturday and I am a fan! The smokehouse smell hits you before you even get out of the car.  The ribs and Mac and cheese were amazing!  The service was fantastic and prices reasonable.  The two dollar beer special was a nice bonus too!  The light rail is right next door.  If you're the type that is bothered by bikers, then avoid this place!  We sat outside on the covered patio.  There was a TV out there and we were able to enjoy the USC/Auburn and UNC/Clemson games.  Highly recommend.
4	Went here on the last night of my trip to Charlotte. The food was good, service very friendly, nice vibe, plenty of TVS if you want to watch sports (they had sunday night football on when I was there)......portions were huge. I got the pulled pork plate for one (could also order for two) and it came with two sides. I got Mac & Cheese and Fried Okra (very yummy- first time I got that). Lots of booths. Overall good vibe from this place.
4	Wings, Deep fried cheesecake, fried squash!!!
4	Stayed at nearby Best Western. Key cards have an ad for McKoys, which is across the street, and are good for a 10% discount. Excellent food with large portions. Outstanding pulled pork! Comfortable bar setting.
5	I went to McKoy's today for lunch, I don't know what made me happier, the fried squash that you couldn't touch because it was served so hot, the beautiful mac & cheese with the browned, crusty cheese or the southern, pork infused collards.  Along with the great food, we also had terrific service.Another great thing about McKoy's is they are open in the middle of the day, that weird time when you don't know if restaurants are open. A great bar area and plenty of outdoor seating.  I am just going to up my stars to five, there's just no reason not to.
3	I decided to make this a BBQ weekend so I headed out to try McKoy's Smokehouse.  When I got out of my car I could smell smoke in the air which is usually a good sign.  The place wasn't very busy at all and I could pretty much sit anywhere.  I got the LTD (Living the Dream) which comes with pretty much all their meats plus two sided.  The meats were ribs (2-bones), BBQ pork, pit pot roast, and smoked BBQ chicken.  For the sides I got fries and slaw.  My food came out pretty quickly.  It all looked good except for the pit pot roast which had a huge chunk of fat on it.  The ribs and chicken had sauce on them, the pork and the pot roast did not.  The pork was moist and had a subtle smoky flavor.  It wasn't as tender as I like though, but it wasn't tough by any means.  The ribs weren't quite falling off the bone tender, but they very close as well.  Their flavor was OK.  The chicken also had a nice smoke flavor and tasted good.  I don't really like sauce on my BBQ, but the sauce on the ribs and chicken was light which was OK.  The pit pot roast was the best I thought.  It was moist and fall apart tender.  It had caramelized onions along with it as well.  There were two types of BBQ sauce, a tomato sauce which had a little bite to it and a vinegar sauce.  The vinegar sauce looked like it was just that.  It was way too watery so I stuck with the tomato based sauce.  It worked OK with the meat and was great to dip my fries into.  The service was good as well.  McKoy's doesn't have the best BBQ in Charlotte, but it was good.  Better than most places I have been to so far.
5	The best country food & BBQ in Charlotte! This is a more friendly & less chain-like than Macs. I haven't ever had anything here that I didn't like. All the sides are awesome; fried squash, collards, mac & cheese!
4	Read the Yelp reviews. Off the charts!
4	Good place to go grab a few drinks and some food after work.Please ask your waiter for the nightly specials.  The wings are to die for.Also the crowd in the bar is awesome !!!  Very nice service and people.
4	As you pull up to McKoy's the smell is intoxicating. Relatively small dinning room and bar combination bit it works. Menu is quite vast and has a great selection. I got a combo platter that had just about everything they offer. I'll post a pic on my blog and more a more descriptive explanation at www.chewing thoughlife.com shortly. Its a great place and i highly recommend it
4	I have heard about this place for a while an  finally gave in on a friday nite that i couldnt decide what i wanted to eat lol  Its a bar pretty much :)  I had the BBQ smoked chicken pizza WOW I was blown away.   This bbq chicken was awesome, great smokey flavor, lots of cheese no shortage there.   I had a salad as well the blue cheese dressing tasted homemade mmm  The only disappointment was no grated parm cheese for my pizza come on now you need sprinkle cheese on pizza to finish it off :)  I did order the cornbread that is what we in the south are known  for.  It was the worst cornbread I have ever eaten, it was just cornmeal n cheese but very greasey seems maybe they used  too much veg oil, my advice no veg oil, more  butter an no cheese please :) Very thin as well cornbread should be thick to me anyway.  I will def go back an try something else but I am hooked on that pizza but I guess I'll take some parm cheese to sprinkle myself :)
4	Good, solid joint. Good BBQ, great sides, espcecially the fried squash. Beer specials, and a full bar. Fun vibe, a few bikes but not a biker bar.
5	When i think BBQ, I think McKoy's.  Went last Saturday night at 8:30.  Although they were busy, we walked right in and were seated right away.  The BBQ plate with Mac & Cheese and Sauteed Mushrooms were yummy.  Reluctant to give it a good rating, would rather keep it to myself so it doesn't get too crowded, but I can't lie, it's good stuff.
4	OK we where here twice when we where in Charlotte.  The ribs are really good and they do have yelp specials.  There are a lot of BBQ places in town but you not going to go wrong with McKoy's.
4	It was Cinco de Mayo, so of course Nicole and Todd offered to take me somewhere to get BBQ. And being of the mindset that any BBQ is pretty good BBQ (generally speaking), I was only too happy to comply. We sat on the patio, so I can't really comment in the inside, but the place was hopping and the parking lot full. From the looks of it, they do a business here ripe with regulars, and there's no question the spot was festive if not rollicking that afternoon. Beer selection, while not breathtaking, was solid, and before too long I was pulling on a Yuengling, paired this day with pulled pork (when in NC, right?), fried squash (interesting, curious), and afterward, a taste of pie that the waitress described as 'coconut and pecan pie had a kid, sort of.' And that's pretty much what it tasted like in texture and flavor. In all, this wasn't the top 'cue I've had here, but I'd eat it again. Here's hoping there's another consumption holiday on the horizon to make that happen.
5	DAMN!!! This place is freaking awesome! The atmosphere in general was great. The server, I didn't catch her name, was very nice and very attentive. The pulled pork was some of the best I have ever had. I got the pulled pork sandwich with fries and let me tell you... this was a little taste of heaven. The fries were crisp and delicious and that pork.... did I mention the pork? The cold slaw was also spot on (I like slaw on my sandwich). Also, they offered a vinegar based Carolina sauce and a sweet BBQ sauce. I typically don't care for the vinegar based sauce but the two together tasted great.The people in the place were also a good group. My wife and I met some great people and if I was a local I would surely make this place a hot spot. I love BBQ and I love good beer and good times. This place offers them all. If I ever come back to this area I will get the LTD as I am a huge, HUGE fan of ribs and I also want to sample that Mac & Cheese everyone raves about. Also, the server was unbelievably hot! I mean super sexy. Not that it really matters... but I thought I would mention it anyway.Bottom line: Awesome food, fantastic service and amazing BBQ!
4	To me, barbecue is a bit like pizza...even when it's not great, it's still really good. But McKoy's is pretty delicious in its own right and is a definite barbecue competitor in Charlotte. I didn't sit inside, so I'll just comment on the outdoor space. The porch area is really great to grab a meal with friends, have a drink and just chill. Do I wish the view was better? Sure, but hey, there's not much you can do about that! Our server was very sweet, friendly and helpful. She made sure we enjoyed our meal, our glasses were full and beers kept a-coming. On to the food...I ordered the small barbecue platter with green beans and mac 'n cheese. Yay for two sides! The 'cue was solid - a pile plump pulled pork. My only gripe? It was on the dry side...I felt like I really had to douse on the sauce. The sides, however, were just about perfect. The mac 'n cheese was nom worthy, baked in all its goodness. And the green beans were a total surprise - fresh, crisp green beans with a very light saute in garlic and other tasty concoctions. It's a rarity that I find something fresh (not fried or saucy) at a NC bbq joint. To wrap up the meal, I just had to order dessert after I heard about coconut pie. Yes, coconut pie. This slice of heaven was reminiscent of a mashup of pecan pie and a macaroon. It's truly swoon worthy, especially when it's warmed and topped with whipped cream. I'll go back *just* for the pie. McKoy's is definitely on my 'cue short list in Charlotte!
3	Let me start by saying I'm no BBQ connoisseur, but this place has pretty good pulled pork & BBQ chicken. I still prefer Mac's. It would have been better if my sandwich bun wasn't stale & falling apart. Sides- Mac & Cheese and fried squash were awesome. Laid back atmosphere and good service are a plus. Patio size is decent too. Might be back if I'm in the area again.
5	Food was awesome!!! Just visiting NC and this is def one of the best BBQ places I've had the pleasure of eating. I would recommend it to anyone that enjoys BBQ places. Mac n cheese is fantastic, mash potatoes were very good and the pull pork sandwich was damn good.
4	The pork here is amazing. We were in town for a couple of nights and tried this place based  on the recommendations here. It did not disappoint. We sat at the bar. The atmosphere was nice and quiet. The service was fast and friendly. Oh yea, and did I mention how good the pork was? Yum!
3	I really like this place, my coworker and I stopped in for takeout and ordered the bbq half chicken, mac n cheese and greens.  Everything had a good taste to it however the chicken started losing flavor after the first couple of bites, not dry or anything just didn't get enough seasoning for my taste.  I do plan to return to try the squash and some other things on the menu...
4	A real smokehouse in Charlotte if you can't go wrong with the wings or brisket!!
4	Gotta have the NC BBQ while in town!Based on other yelpers reviews, we decided McKoy's would be the place to show us what NC was all about.We had the LTD (Living the dream) platter and ordered double mac'n'cheese as a side. Then, for some reason we thought we should also order another half rack of ribs... with slaw and collard greens on the side.Living the Dream (which is a bit of a sample platter):The pulled pork was amazing. Especially with the slaw on top and just a bit of bbq sauce. The pit roast was also really delicious, but just a little fatty for my taste. The chicken was okay, but really paled in comparison to the pulled pork, the pit roast and the ribs. OH yahhhh... the ribs! Delish! They fell right off the bone and were so tasty. I added a little extra sauce on mine, but I am a saucy girl, after all.The mac'n'cheese was ooey gooey deliciousness...and definitely not low cal. I had to turn the plate around so that I couldn't see them anymore. The slaw was tasty, not mayo laden at all and a great balance with crispness to the pork.The collard greens weren't my favorite, they had a weird after taste...but not being from the south, maybe I don't know what I am talking about?We then decided to really go for a full on heart attack and ordered the fried cheesecake. Yep, I said fried. Let me start by saying... I am pregnant and anything fried sounds delicious. Let me follow up by saying I only took two glorious life changing bites before laying my fork down. Gestational diabetes averted (hopefully.)This thing is unreal... it looks like a deep fried cannoli with cinnamon, served with a heaping scoop of vanilla bean ice cream with caramel on top. But, you really don't understand until you taste it, it has that soft cheesecakey filling that is brought to a new level by the frying. My boss, who is about to run an iron man, finished the whole thing off.... do you get what I am saying??? He's training for an ironman and couldn't resist eating it all!!!! You know it has to be good, right?So, this place is decadent and you will leave in a food coma. But, you won't pay much and the service will be typical southern hospitality. Now that's my kind of coma!
5	McKoys is great !!! My coworkers and myself rarely miss a Thursday night there. We love the 50 cent wings but everything else is fantastic too. Great  food, great atmosphere, fantastic wait staff, sometimes the only problem is finding a parking space!!
4	We got more food than we could possibly eat at a reasonable price. The mac n cheese is amazing & we went back to McKoy's twice in the week we were in Charlotte just because I loved it so much. Not a huge fan of either bbq sauce they had available, but the pulled pork was cooked very well & smoked with pecan wood (delicious!). The ribs were favorites as well. Next time, I might sneak in my own bbq sauce for the pulled pork, but other than that, everything was fantastic.
4	My husband and I LOVE Yelp :) Now when we travel, we find places to eat based on yelp reviews. We stopped in at about 9 pm on a Wed. The place was moderately packed and like another reviewer stated, one of the waitresses was hot :) If I owned a bike and lived from around here, I will definitely come here. They have biker parking right in front and a nice patio to eat at.We ordered: - Pulled pork platter with Coleslaw & Collard Greens: The pulled pork was our favorite. The meat just tasted great. The coleslaw was good but nothing spectacular. I really liked the collard greens. Our waitress suggested the pork platter and she knew what she was talking about. - Rib platter with Fried mac & cheese and Fried squash: We weren't crazy about the ribs. They were drenched in sauce and the meat wasn't as juicy as I prefer. The fried mac and cheese was AMAZING! We're on a low carb diet but that went out the window for this mac and cheese. We both loved the fried squash. - Fried Cheesecake: Its fried and cheesecake...do you need any other explanation?!? All in all, if we see ourselves in NC again, we'll definitely stop by.
5	While visiting Charlotte the hotel staff told us about this place, Irish Pub & Bar-B-Que !We had dinner and drinks outside on the patio, the Salmon was great, their Pot Roast was so tender, smokey flavored and such a large portion we almost couldn't finish off the serving.Our server was Great, in fact, all of their employees were cheerful & helpful, almost like they were each a part owner of the establishment.The smoked meats were very tasty and so was the Guinness.Just across the street from the LINX Train / Public Transportation to and from downtown.A few beautiful Harley Davidson Motorcycles were parked just within my view.Do yourself a favor, If you have the chance, stop in here.
5	great barbecue and drink specials!!! I absolutely love this place!!!
4	On the hunt for some authentic NC barbeque, we found McKoy's through Yelp. I know the vinegar based sauce is the more true to NC bbq, but I loved that they also offered the other kind.We tried the pulled pork and pulled chicken sandwiches. The chicken is a must try! It's finished on the grill, which gives it a nice crispy char. I loved the coleslaw on the sandwiches. Great comfort food!
5	Delicious bbq! Mac-n-cheese was delicious too. Nice sports bar type atmosphere. Bikers are welcomed.
4	A healthy portion of food (as much as I cared to eat) and a nice beer for $15 including tax.  Nice.   Had the "small" pork plate (pulled pork) collard greens and mac n cheese.  All good, although my personal preference is for more smoke on the pork.  Carolina style vinegar sauce was good. Service was friendly.
4	I have been here several times and I like it every time.  The parking is limited, but the food is worth it for the most part.  The blackened chicken sandwich was my lunch choice today.  It was bigger than I expected and worth the $10.  It took about 15 minutes to get my food, but it was lunch and the grilled chicken was pretty large... bigger than the bun.  The fries where just ok.  The service at the bar was ok.  I had 1 more bite left of my sandwich by the time I was asked if it was ok.  My soda was empty before refilling.  It wasn't that busy so she could have been more attentive, but she was ok.  I will definitely be back to try another new item.
5	It's a Sports Bar!  A friend told me I did not want to go there and he did not want to go there.  I asked why.  He said "It's a Sports Bar"!Last Friday my second lunch started at 2:30pm (got a burger for my first lunch somewhere on South that I will neither review nor go back) so I'm ready for something really good this time.  It was my first time eating at Mc Koy's and though the service was perfect and beyond and the food was Very good I will probably not come back here either only because it is not my scene (It's a Sports Bar).  Even though they had quite a crowd for 2:30 in the afternoon the food came out fast and though my wait was brief I enjoyed watching some of the Foot Ball Highlights (I'm not lying I really enjoyed it).  My waitress gave great instructions on ordering and gave me plenty of time yet still checked on me enough to make sure I was doing well (BIG Secret!  * * * She was friendly yet non-intrusive - She checked on me though did not and needed not say something every time -  She was as Professional as any wait staff at any price level - She had an intuitive gift that I appreciate in a person!  Excellent!)!  In the Kitchen (no I did not go back there) something GREAT was going on behind the scenes. As Tonya P. (P. for Poprock Photography) describes well prepared food "Made with LOVE"  This plate and a half was!  See Photos - This plate was piled with mmmmmmmmm Sweet Potato Fries perfectly Seasoned (and not quite typical) on the yelp scale 4.70 stars.  BBQ Sandwich (hey the bun was good but I've already had a burger 15 minutes ago so skip the bread (or half of it - told you it was good).  The Pork ...Mmmmm this is a Great Tasting (even with no sauce) Pork so I want to use a fork.  An Easy 5 yelp stars for the Pork! !  !  My waitress said both (Vinegar and Sweet Sauces) were good!  Both were VERY Good, 4.75+ stars at least!Pasta Salad: really I only wanted a taste yet I could not stop eating it.  This is a simple almost dry Pasta Salad and probably deserves more that 4 stars.  Next Cole Slaw with much Mayonnaise (I hate Mayo and I knew that it was like this so I ordered it on the side so I could taste it, though not on my sandwich.  Even though I never eat this kind of slaw, this one is good (I took two small bites, the second was to make sure).  So why would I not want to go back?  ONLY because it's a Sports Bar (for the 53rd and last time in this review) and better stay that way because it looks to be working very well! !  !  I'm Impressed!
5	Great food!  Pecan smoked pork, ribs and chicken.  I am not joking...try the chicken salad!  The onion rings are to die for.  Sauteed green beans are excellent.  I went thinking it was a bikers, divey, sports bar.  Yes it is a bikers (Doctor's on motorcycles more expensive than my Acura MDX) bar and over 6 TV's with any football game you want to see but they actually cook here.  The full bar is the center piece of the restaurant and I believe the evening may not be kid friendly.  We stop here every time we go to Charlotte.  A great food stop for a reasonable price
3	Decent foods, good portions, fair selection of beers. Games on the TV's and decent staff.Good place to grub and beer :)
4	I've been stalking this place for a while, and finally stopped in. It's just off of my route to work, and the peaked roof has been mocking me from a distance. Tonight my wife suggested it, so we went. And it was exactly what I expected--which is a good thing!The atmosphere was laid back, to say the least. None of the pretentiousness you would find at Mac's Speedshop nearby. But McKoy's could probably use a little updating.Anyway, on to the important stuff--the food. We started with fried green tomatoes. I followed that up with a barbecue platter that came with 2 sides. I selected mac & cheese and collards. The mac & cheese was outstanding. The other food was very good, but fell short of great. The barbecue was juicy and tender, but didn't have as much smokiness as I expected. Both types of NC sauces are provided on the table--eastern and western. I'm an eastern guy, so that's where I went. Again, it was very good, but not great. The bite of vinegar was definitely there, but I missed the red pepper kick. The collards were done right, again above average.Overall, I was pleased with McKoy's, and look forward to returning soon.
5	I live relatively close to this place and for years drove right past it.  I finally stopped in and I was glad I did.  If the smell of the smokers doesn't clue you in, the food will clear up any mystery.  I will say the place is more of a saloon feel than a restaurant, which I like.  The lunch crowd varies quite a bit, but the place is a biker bar, so you will see some guys in their leathers hanging out... which again, is cool, don't let them get in your way of some good food.  On to the food, I keep hearing rave reviews about Mac's on this site and when Mac's opened I'd say they were the best, but the quality there has dropped as their business has picked up.  McKoy's has some of the best bbq I've had, great smokey flavor, good portions and good sauces to throw on top.  They continue to smoke their bbq in a manner that maintains that great subtle smokey flavor, where in my opinion Mac's has lost that smokiness that once made it so good. I also branched out and tried their hot wings- as I'm a huge wing fan.  McKoy's served up some really good wings.  Again, great flavor, a little extra seasoning than most bar wings and they were cooked perfectly, not rubbery but not charcoal either.  If you're looking for good bbq and a place with a good set of other options, give McKoy's a shot... they'll make you forget all about that speedshop up the street.
4	I've driven past this place a load of times and it always looks a bit like a dive. And it is. Which is not to say that it isn't really good. Because it is. Excellent BBQ. In the warmer weather, they serve the crowd of bikers here. That's not me, so I'm glad that my visit here was in the cooler weather.McKoy's was our launching point for the Light Rail Bar Crawl, so there was a rowdy bunch of 30+ urban professionals all here at the same time, all ordering at the same time, all eating at the same time and all paying at the same time. I was REALLY impressed with how well the wait staff and the kitchen managed to take care of all of us. They might have been sweating and straining, but it barely showed.As for the food, I went with the BBQ sandwich (junior size to leave room for the Bar Crawl). Nice and moist pulled pork with a side of cole slaw. Really yummy and a good portion. With a PBR (I've never had a Pabst Blue Ribbon) in a bottle which seemed like a good choice for dive 'cue.They have a nice outside seating area. Like a deck. Probably not the best view - the Lynx is a massive wall of stone here - but I am sure it would be nice to be eating outside.
5	I love wings. Always have. That being said, the juicy, smoked wings are the best wings I've eaten up to this point in my life. Waitresses are friendly, some ridiculously cute at the same time, killer combo.  Awesome bar, lot of regular types about, not transient crowds. Also they have Galaga, of which I'm obsessed with getting the high score on any machine I come across. Come here, eat the wings, tell me I'm wrong.
3	Do not come to a bbq place and get something else.  This is the lesson Mckoy's has taught me. I came here for the pub crawl and really wasn't in the mood for bbq.  I went with the steak sandwich ( yes I am on an epic quest for best steak sandwich in clt) and it bearable.  It could have been one of the worst I had in charlotte.  What redeemed it was the mac n cheese though.  Now, thats a good mac n cheese! I watched all the bbq and ribs come out and realized that I friggin messed up.  Everyone seemed to really enjoy their food while i wish I could find a flux capicitor and never order the cheese steak.  There were plenty of beer specials and the service was pretty good for the light rail pub crawl group that was there. I am giving this place 3 instead of 2 stars for setting, mac n cheese, and how good everyone else's food looked.
4	I decided to try out Mckoy's for lunch after hearing there advertisements about their mac n cheese on the radio. Their advertisement actually states that it should be called crack aroni n cheese because its that good and addicting. Well..... they are right. It is super cheesy and delicious. I could of had a whole bowl of it. The menu itself is smaller then most smokehouses or barbeque restaurants, however the food was all tasty and fresh. The staff was very pleasant and courteous. The restaurant is extremely easy to get to. I highly recommend checking out McKoy's for dinner or lunch.
5	Why five stars? Food quality ranged from very good to great. Sport bar / southern salon atmosphere. Best smoked wings, really, they figured it out. Mac & cheese rocks, too. Pulled pork done right. And the patrons seem pretty darn happy. Pricing is reasonable, and portions are generous. Nice variety of beer on tap (including Guinness).
2	Went to McKoy's this past Saturday.  I can't speak to the food, since I did not get to try any even after waiting over an hour and a half.  Just more concerned about the management. We arrived on what seemed to be a busy night, but they did not seem to have too many folks waiting.  We asked how long the wait was for a 5 person table- the hostess (later found out manager) said "it could be 10 minutes, it could be 30- we just sat a real big group." ALL 5 of us heard the same thing.She put our name at the top of a new list on paper.What we did not know- is they just sat 90% of the restaurant as one group, and the group had many more tables arriving over the next hour. They basically had a dinner reservation for over 100 plus people in a place that might not even seat that many.We waiting over an hour, and I would admit became frustrated.  The hostess, pointed out a table that was "ours" when the group left, but then it was given to more arrivals of this huge party. We finally got a bar table for 5 after pushing for it, but heard from the tables around us that they were waiting for food for over 45 minutes- and we decided to give up and eat at Bojangles nearby. While I can understand why they were in the situation with a hunder plus person group in the place- I can't understand why the management allowed us to put our name on a list in this situation or even thought anyone would be happy that night!  A group as large as the entire business is coming in for a meal- you have a few options: you don't take the reservation- since you can't give them good service; you close the restaurant and open for this group only, or you at least try to control the situation more by offering the group a limited or pre-ordered menu... The staff were frustrated, and were frustrated with us, and we were frustrated with them.... but if they had just planned a bit better or told us the situation before we sat there for a long time- we could have had a good meal at another nearby eatery, and come back and enjoy this otherwie well rated Smokehouse another time.  THE FOOD LOOKED and SMELLED very good! Which in many ways made it even worse to have only seen it!
4	Ate here for lunch and was pretty happy.  I had the Shrimp Diablo Sandwich lunch special.  It was really good and surprisingly had much more shrimp in it than i expected.   I know this place is known for its BBQ but i wasn't in the mood a huge plate full of food ATM.  Portions sizes are huge by the way.  My friends both ordered BBQ platters, small ones, and they were not even close to clearing there plates.  Would i return, YES!  Really cute wait staff also!   ;)
5	This place has the best wings that I have ever had! They grill them and offer a few different flavors. I got the barbecue and buffalo. It was soooo good, that I was licking my fingers! Yes, finger licking fu*#ing good! Excuse my lango but they were the best . Plus they had good customer service....love that southern hospitality! I wish they had this place where I live at. Everytime I go to Charlotte, NC, I will be sure to visit there! It's a must, you gotta try it!
4	Flew into Charlotte on a late Tuesday night and needed a good meal to wash away the airport food from earlier DFW...This spot was reco'd by the hotel attendant and did not disappoint... Great wings with good spice, ask for the extra spicey sauce they got off the menu...draft beer selection is fairly typical, nothing exciting. Good service for late night (we came around midnight) Always dig on a biker bar with good wings.
5	Since my last review, we have moved to Charlotte and been back over & over. This place is pretty consistently awesome and I have yet to find another BBQ joint that can compete on as many fronts as McKoy's. BBQ preferences vary person to person, but this is my overall favorite.
3	Don't throw things because of my 3 stars!!! It was nearly two stars but the plus one star is at the bottom of my review.McKoy's was okay, not great. I was pleased at the amount of food I was given but not impressed with the flavor. BBQ could've used more smoke flavor. It tasted kind of plain to me. I checked around outside after wards and didn't see the tail-tell sign of a wood pile. I smelled smoke from somewhere and a smoker could've been hidden behind a fence, but I don't know for sure. I think they could've had more choices of sauces, too. I was looking forward to something a little more mustard-based, but it was not meant to be. The sauces given were nothing to write home about.Sides were mac-n-cheese and spicy pintos. I really dug the mac-n-cheese but the spicy pintos....UGH. Not a fan. The meal was definitely missing some sort of bread to go along with the meal. Corn bread, hush-puppies, Texas toast, crackers...SOMETHING! My friends got tater salad and collards and were equally unimpressed. Maybe this was just a bad day?Also, cute waitresses. That was what my 3rd star was for. How anti climatic of me.Your pal,Walter
5	If you like smoked meats, this is the best place I have ever been to in the entire country.  We started with wings that had barbecue and hot sauce on them and they were outstanding.  I then had the pot roast that was difficult to pick up with a fork because it just fell apart so easily.  The smoked flavor in the roast was phenomenal.  We also had the baby-back ribs and half of a rack was plenty and extremely flavorful for my dining guest.  The owner came by every few minutes to make all was well.  Our server was very pleasant and service was fast.  The interior atmosphere is exactly what you would expect from a very clean, southern style smokehouse.  Istrongly recommend you stop by McKoy's.
5	If you are looking for a tasty, quick lunch, McKoy's is for you. Food was excellent (I ordered the pulled pork platter) and the service was friendly. I placed my order and within 5 minutes, I was ready to chow. Highly recommend. I bet this place is great for watching sporting events or having a cocktail at happy hour. Two thumbs up!!!
2	If your looking for great BBQ, DO NOT go to McKoy's Smokehouse. The service was nothing special. The smoked meat had no flavor at all. The BBQ sauce did not even help the taste of the meat. A group of us went there and no one from our group of eight was pleased. They did give large portions of food, but who really wants dry leftovers. Unless you enjoy dry tasteless meat, look elsewhere. 1 star is for the food being edible and the other comes for the so-so sides. We ate at Midtown smokehouse earlier in the week and would strongly recommend it over this place.
4	Nice atmosphere, friendly staff and fantastic food. Pulled pork was amazing and the Buffalo Chicken soup was a pleasant surprise.  I'll be back.
5	Great Place. Food was wonderful, you need to try the Pot Roast I know that sounds odd at a smoke house but it is great. I tried the Mac and Cheese, Pulled Pork, Ribs, Chicken wings, Chicken Salad, and all were great. I will stop in every time I am in Charlotte. And they also have great hiring practices, very cute  to hot.
4	Food was great and price was fair for what I got. Server was ok that's the only reason I did not give it a 5.
5	I ate here last night and am going again tonight. The smoked wings are off the chain and it's a sin to cover them in sauce! Dip on the side instead! Everything was awesome including. Mom's peanut butter pie, OMG! I even got a t-shirt to make sure I remember the place, here on business from our of town but I will find more business in Charlotte so I can come back. Heck, it's worth a road trip from FLA!
1	I don't usually go out of my way to write a review but I just couldn't wait for this one. I wanted to make sure I remembered everything because if I could give only a half star, I would. I went there for lunch with two of my crew members. First mistake, we were waiting for a table and were forgotten about. Finally get a table and I ask for a seperate check, she gave all three of us seperate checks even though the two guys wanted theirs together. I ordered tea, the first guy I was with ordered half tea, half sweet tea, and the next guy ordered sweet tea. All three tasted exactly the same. Like very watered down sweet tea. Our glasses reached empty and stayed that way until we asked for a refill. We all ordered the Friday special, fried chicken. I ordered the shrimp chowder as one of my sides. Lots of fish, no shrimp in it.One of my friends ordered the side salad and they forgot his silverware. When we flagged down a waitress to get some, she didn't even apologies for the mistake. No matter that it's unhealthy, I love chicken skin but this one was so burnt it had that burnt crunch and burnt taste. I couldn't eat it. The chicken piece itself was unidentifiable as any piece I'm used to and so dry I had to put some of the bbq sauce they had on the table on it. The mac and cheese was good as long as it stayed hot. While fighting my chicken with a fork and knife because it was so hot, the mac and cheese cooled and got greasy. When  we got our checks all three were dumped in the middle of the table and they were all mixed up in the three black check folders. So bad we all went to Bojangles after. Should have just gone there to begin with.
3	great food but last time the service was beyond slow... most people there during weekday lunch are professionals on their lunch break, we gave our order, got our food and I think our waitress decided to take a lunch break of her own... sat there for 20 minutes waiting on a box/check...their bbq chicken sandwich w/the potato salad is my go to... its HUGE always enough to eat later and its even better a 2nd time!
4	Oh, McKoy's... you BBQ-slangin' beast.... I love ya.I work nearby and in this hood the decent places to eat are few and far between.  McKoy's is a little pork-filled piece of heaven.  Located near the corner of Woodlawn and Old Pineville, the parking can get a lil sketchy at peak hours, but nothing too heinous (see my review on Mac's about how pissy I get about bad parking).  Where are my single girls at?  (or girls who are looking to see what is out there before they become single...)  Mens.  Everywhere.  Cute mens.  Lots of mens.  I imagine they are there for the meat and the super-cute wait staff. *ahem*  On to the food.  Last Friday me and two coworkers decided we needed some meat.  And we also wanted some lunch (*smirk*), so we went to McKoy's.  A Friday, on payday, and nice weather.  BUSY!  We got there a little after 11:30 and the restaurant stayed packed the entire time we were there.  There was a wait as we were walking out, but nothing too bad.  The wait staff was hauling cutie booty the entire time we were there.  As we sat down we were looking around at all of the mouth-watering food around us.  The Friday special is fried chicken breasts, which looked good at the table next to us, but we all talked ourselves into the pork plate, which costs somewhere around $11.  You get two sides with the plate, so our choices of sides around the table were mac and cheese, collard greens, potato salad, fried okra, fried squash and green beans.  As soon as the food hit the table, we attacked.  There are two BBQ sauces on the table, one a little thicker/tomato-ey than the other.  The pork was pretty good on it's own, but who doesn't like their meat a little wet?  (leave it to me to write a dirty review of a restaurant... I am like a frat boy...).  I stuck to the thicker of the two sauces and it was tasty - a little spicy, but nothing obnoxious.  And for the "small" plate, the portion of meat was huge.  Our normally chatty group was silenced with the exception of "yummmmmm" and "ohmydogthisissogood".If you like mac and cheese like your mama used to cook (assuming you have a mama who does this kind of thing from scratch), it was YUM!  You know how the cheese on the top gets a lil crunchy?  I had a whole plate of that and I have not rolled my eyes back in my head in delight that much since I dated a cute lil Army guy years ago.  YUM!  The greens were very good as well, cooked down like they should be.  The other sides were hot and all in huge portions.  There was not a scrap of food left on any of the plates.Getting the check can take some time because they are generally pretty darn busy during lunch time (this has happened on a few occasions, but the wait staff is flying through the restaurant - there is no standing around and chatting).  We have learned that when the food hits the table, ask for your check.  Great casual place for lunch or some dranks after work.
5	Top notch!! This place has it going on both with the food & service!! Went here last night with a few friends and had a great time. The BBQ pork platter with mac &cheese & cole slaw was awesome! The BBQ didn't even need sauce but I tried some anyways. Yum! My wife ordered their pot roast. Now, let me say this. At first she wasn't sure if she wanted to try it because it wasn't the traditional pot roast (carrots, potatoes, etc...) but they brought her a sample, yep, a sample to try. I've seen this done at bars when it comes to wine or beer, but actually sampling an entree, nicely done sir!! No brainer, she ordered it. It was so much food, we took it home & it feed both of us for dinner the next night. We tried a couple desserts too. The deep fried cheesecake was outstanding! Of course you can't go wrong with OMB's Copper on draft! We even had one of the brother's who owns the place come by a chat with us for a bit. You could tell he took pride in the food they were serving. Can't wait to go back!!!
5	For what it is, this place is a diamond in the rough.  I'm a business traveler who is used to crap restaurants while staying in business park areas, but this place is beyond that.  The atmosphere is what I would call "tavernish" - a few TV's and arcade games in the corner, but overall fun and friendly.  After sitting down at the bar and ordering a drink, I informed the friendly bar tender that it was my first time in the restaurant.  Shorlty after receiving my obnoxiously large bourbon on the rocks, I was presented with a free sampler platter of pulled pork, smoked chicken salad, collard greens, and mac- n-cheese, all of which was delish.  I started with the "'maters" (fried green tomatoes), and they were slightly above average for the South.  I then moved on to their "award winning" ribs - incredible.  The service here can't be beat, based on the attention I received. My rating of this place is based in the type of establishment, and the location.  Establishments of this caliber are few and far between in areas such as this.  Don't get me wrong, this is no substitute for a night on the town in Uptown Charlotte, but on business, and not feeling like heading Uptown, this is a great place.  Full of locals as well, which is of course a good sign.The prices are good as well.  I had my starter, entree (with two great sides), two huge bourbons, and a beer for $50 before tip.  Many great sounding entrees were under $15 as well (not the ribs), so it could have been far cheaper.
5	FOOD - 5 stars:* Stupid good PULLED PORK BARBECUE. The portions size was "OMG, how am I going to eat all this?" huge! You get your money's worth.....* Fantastic TEMPURA BATTERED ONION RINGS - don't miss these. These are far and away the best onion rings that I have ever eaten. These onion rings, by themselves, are worth the trip here.* BARBECUED WINGS that will put a smile on your face.* Superb MAC 'N CHEESE and COLLARD GREENS. Pepper vinegar is available for the greens. Add this and some salt to the collards and thank me later.SERVICE - 5 stars:* My waitress was first rate, highly attentive, helpful, and friendly. She got a BIG tip!  * VERY easy to find: Easy access from 1-77, Exit 6A.* Plentiful parking.* Gorgeous bartenders. Strong drinks. Bartenders also provide fast drink service. * Extremely laid back atmosphere, with plenty of TV tuned to sports.* I don't much think that this is a good place for children, after all, it's still a bar. Parents, use a little common sense.* PS: The booth's seat cushions needed some TLC, but in the grand scheme of things, that's not very important to me. The food was so delicious, that such trivial things didn't matter. This is a great sports bar/restaurant.
4	McKoy's still gets a 4-star shout out and will continue to be a weekly (or so...) lunch visit, but I had the pit pot roast today (it was the daily special so I strayed from my beloved pork BBQ) and it was bleh.  Dry while somehow greasy and at least one third of my portion (maybe even 1/2) was straight fat.  I doubled up on mac and cheese as my side (it's been on of THOSE weeks that require a double load of carbs to add to my double big booty) and it was delicious and creamy and cheesy as always, but I will be striking the pot roast off of my list (why didn't I stick to the BBQ?!)
4	As I write this review, I'm dreaming of the mac & cheese... Anyway, before I get even more sidetracked... Let's begin!  A few buds from work and I ventured out to grab lunch; craving some comfort food, we knew that McKoy's was our go-to spot. As a newbie, I was dubious of a great BBQ and comfort food location off the beaten path. Wrong, wrong I was! We luckily got a table really quickly, right during the high point of lunchtime. I was surprised by the mix of people that were eating.... From busy business professionals to old time buds trading war stories. I ordered the BLT wrap because well, how can you go wrong with bacon, and the mac & cheese as my side. It was fantastic! It hit the spot and exceeded my expectations. The mac & cheese was very down-home, southern style. Color me impressed and find me here the next time that I indulge for a  'cheat' meal! Very comfortable aesthetic and very unpretentious!
4	Great food reasonable prices. Must try the Mac & Cheese!
5	For BBQ...it is right at the top.  The pulled pork and mac and cheesy was delish.  My fiancee and I split a pulled pork sandwich, mac/chz and a bowl of soup.  Somehow, we still had some pork left to take home to the pups.Lunch service was VERY fast and that's appreciated.  I'll be back...
4	Food and service = greatAmbiance = good only if you like biker bars, rowdy middle aged people, and not with familySo, beyond all awkwardness from a city boy like myself, this place actually has really good BBQ and attentive service.The post happy hour crowd was a bit rowdy...broken glasses and choice language.  There's even a sign up front that kids aren't allowed after 10pm.  Had the ribs, pulled pork, and stuff like that.  Ribs were really good and meaty.
5	ARE YOU KIDDING ME!?  I have lived in Charlotte for 3 1/2 years and only ate here for the first time tonight?  I apologize to my tastebuds.  Pulled pork, ribs, pot roast, chicken.....each one had an incredible smokey flavor and were cooked just perfectly.  I can't get over how excellent those ribs were....great bark on them, not too cooked down but not too tough either.  Green beans and mac'n cheese were excellent as well. Even got dessert...best coconut pie and pecan pie i have ever eaten.  You can tell it was homemmade! Service was great, atmosphere was fun. Do yourself a favor and stop going to Mac's and make this place your go to (don't forget about Bobbee O's in Northlake too though because they still have the best brisket around).
5	You have to get the LTD!!!  Living the Dream.  Amazing Ribs, and Awesome BBQ chicken, pulled pork and Pot Roast!!!  Better then Mac's or Jim 'n Nicks, both which I like but McKoy's wins my vote for best BBQ in Charlotte!!
5	Found this place by using Yelp - thank you Yelp! The food was great, the atmosphere was laid back and the wait staff was first rate! Jennifer took care of me and my tea glass never ran dry, believe me that takes some doing! I was in town for several days and I ate here three times, food was great and the price was right on.  Someone mentioned in an earlier review the size of their adult beverage, I had a Woodford's Reserve the first night here and I had to be very careful not to spill it the glass was so full.Ribs were perfectly smoked, not so overcooked they fall off the bone like some places do them.  I will definitely be back.
4	This place was pretty good, but not outstanding. The staff is very friendly. It's a laid back sports bar with a bit of a biker bar vibe. The food was good, just not blown away by the flavor. Some more sauce options for the barbecue would be nice.
5	This is my favorite place in Charlotte!  I always get the Pit Smoked Pot Roast with fried squash and mac & cheese.  It's the best!  Always good service and great food!  I bring all of my company here because they are never disappointed!
5	From a Northerner, Great Value, Large Portions and Great TastingExcellent Pulled Pork, I ordered a Large Sandwich, with Mac n Cheese more than enough for anyone with a large appetite!If you like Sweets, I am a BIG Fan. Order the Coconut Pie, Very Sweet topped with Carmel, So good, I want another slice!All I need now is a reason to come back to Charlotte on a regular basis!
4	Stopped in one day for lunch. I had a pork platter, mac n cheese, and sauteed green beans. I was thoroughly impressed and it baffles me that more BBQ places don't use pecan wood. The mac n cheese and the green beans were almost as good as the barbecue. The only reason it's not a 5-star review was because of the sauce. There is a tomato-based sauce and what tasted like vinegar. They were ok but I would have liked more variety. That being said, I will definitely be back, possibly with a small bottle of South Carolina mustard-based sauce.
5	Only went once, so take this with a grain of salt, but it was amazing.I had the ribs (half rack) and she had the pulled pork. Her pulled pork was slightly over cooked - which the guests at the table next to us assured was a real rarity - but that would be my only complaint. The ribs were superb, and the pulled pork was still really good. For sides I had the green beans and the mushrooms.  The green beans were really good, but the mushrooms were OUTSTANDING. Easily the best mushroom side I've ever had. I can't remember what her sides were but they were also really good (I think she ordered a salad for one of her sides?). Portions were perfect. Nobody should go home hungry. The big surprise of the night actually came when the group next to us recommended we try the fried squash. We were both full and I HATE squash, so we said thanks but no thanks. So they ordered us the fried squash as a surprise and I was absolutely blown away. I hate squash and I thought it was amazing. She thought the same. We wound up finishing the entire order while we were waiting for our check despite how full we were. With a beer each I think the total (incl. tax and tip) was roughly $30 a plate, but that's also with the most expensive stuff on the menu.Highlights: The sides. The ribs were really, really good but the sides were just so good I could easily have pigged out on just them. They really made the meal. We tried some of the adjacent table's entree's and we thought the best entree ordered (out of 5 plates) were the ribs, and from what we understand that's the most consistent thing on the menu.Hidden treat: Two here, not all that hidden. 1. Mushroom side; easily the best mushroom sautee` I've ever had, easily the highlight of the meal. If you like garlic even just a little bit, this is a MUST order every time. I know if I get the chance to go back I will be ordering the mushrooms again. 2. Fried squash; I can't explain what they did differently, but it came out crispy, salty, and just delicious. This is a must order for anyone who hasn't tried it, and I'll probably be getting that again as well.Drawbacks: Man am I hard-pressed to find any. Parking was excellent, ambiance was excellent, service was really good, food came out quick, beer was cheap (at least compared to NYC-area prices, where I live). I guess the one thing I'd point out is that their house beer wasn't good. It was dirt cheap so it didn't bother me at all, but being that it's the house beer I feel like it needs to be said. That, to me would be the drawback. Don't order the house brew. As far as her pulled pork being over-cooked, since this appears to not be the norm I'll give it a pass, especially since it was still pretty darn good.
2	Found this place via Yelp and it was also mentioned in the Charlotte city guide1. Atmosphere is good - its a bar / BBQ joint - doesn't try to be fancy and thats good - beer, BBQ, sports, etc.2. I got the sampler that had the pork, pot roast, ribs and chicken with the mac & cheese and green beans - portion wise its enough for two people but it was the only way I could sample everything3. Ribs were good - tender but didn't fall apart - pot roast was interesting as it first time I have ever seen that - chicken was chicken - the pork was disappointing - I have made better pork myself. I expected a lot more from a southern BBQ joint - just didn't have any flavor.4. Sides were good, but nothing that was jaw dropping5. Service was speedy, pleasant and friendly - that was good all aroundOverall, I expected more from this place and left thinking that the ribs were the best thing I ate, but overall I was a little let down.
2	Based on the reviews, I really expected this place to knock my socks off. On one occasion I had the pulled chicken and it was too sweet, lukewarm and smokeless. Also tried the ribs and they were ok. The sides are quite tasty, Mac&cheese, sweet potato fries, collards and fried squash. I wonder if pork is their best meat?  May try yet again and order a veggie plate, but that kind of defeats the purpose of going to a BBQ joint....
4	Yum.  I found this place on a quick business trip to town.  On another Yelper's mention, I tried the wings...which were amazing.  I also tried the pulled pork, mac and cheese, and fried okra.  The pork was fantastic, served in a huge portion and complimented perfectly by the vinegar-based sauce hidden in an unassuming ketchup dispenser-thingy.  The mac was great, as was the okra--although the portion size for the okra was far too much...leading me to put too much of it into a body that doesn't like fried food too much.  I digress.  I will most definitely come back on my next trip.BTW--a couple of "Crown Royal Girls" were roaming the bar on this particular eve, offering up free trial drinks of their new apple-flavored blend.  Barf.  Why did they even bother asking me if I liked whiskey (which I do)?  This was not whiskey.  This was a sickly sweet concoction from the Willy Wonka factory that almost made me dislike apples and whiskey forever.
2	I wasn't blown away by the pulled pork, probably because it was cold when it came out. The fried okra was piping hot, though. On the plus side, the vinegar sauce was tasty and Bud the bartender was super nice.
4	I'm a fan. I scored a hot lunch date with the lovely Amy C and we popped in for our BBQ Fix. We chose Thursday on purpose because the Nooner Special (love that the lunch specials are called "nooners") is their Pulled Pork with two sides. I opted for Mac and Cheese and Fried Okra. The mac and cheese was Ahhhhmazing. Pure cheesy goodness on a plate. The fried okra I could have done without...note to self always chose double mac and cheese!!! Not to be overshadowed the BBQ was very tasty too! And they were very gracious with the portions...which is always a good thing.  I RARELY.... if ever can't finish my food but today I needed a box. All in all, loved this place (once I found it..haha) and I look forward to coming back again! Mmmmmm.....BBQ!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
5	We stopped in here on the advice of Yelp, and the proximity to the CLT airport. Very, very glad we did, as the experience was very good.  First of all the owners and staff greeted and treated, us and their customers, as if they were family.  No kidding, they totally excelled at hospitality, with true sincerity, not that major chain restaurant sincerity of "we have to do this, because corporate says so."  Second, when I asked the young lady, our server (sorry don't remember her name) what was good on the menu, she immediately shot out several of her favorite items and what the daily specials were.  She also asked if it was our first time to McKoy's, and quickly brought us a small sampler plate of the:  pulled pork, smoked pot roast, chicken salad, collard greens and Mac-n-cheese.  I had the Friday special, fried chicken with the fried okra and fried squash.  My girlfriend ordered the pot roast, with mashed potatoes and gravey, along with the mac-n-cheese. All the food that we had was very tasty and had I not had a hankering for fried okra, I would have had the collard greens, a dish this Northern boy never eats.  Our bill was $35, for the food, two beverages and dessert, including tax; which, I find to be reasonable now a days.  The thing that I like the most, is that the staff truly cared about their customers, and the food they produced, knowing that is what keeps people coming back. I will defiantly stop here again the next time I'm in Charlotte, NC.  Thanks McKoy's, good job.
3	Popped in here for a dinner with friends and having only been here for lunch I had yet to try the BBQ.  I ended up splitting the big boy plate (I forget the actual name) with my girlfriend.  All the BBQ on the plate was delicious although I thought the chicken BBQ was a bit too dry.  That's a hard one to keep from drying out though.  The pulled pork was good and moist.The interior is a little dated but I'm doubtful any of the patrons of this place really care.  It's got a pretty cool neighborhood feel.  The service was great and friendly.Bottom line is, there are so many great choices for BBQ in Charlotte, this place is easy to overlook.  It just didn't stand out to me.
4	I had been wanting to go here for years and finally got the opportunity after a pub crawl recently.  The restaurant is very easy to find and has a large parking lot.  I think you could probably even take the light rail here since it is near the tracks.The decor is very sports-bar meets pub feeling.  There is a large bar and a big open seating area.  I had the pulled pork and it was so much food I had to take some home!  The pulled pork was probably the best I have had - right up there with Midwood Smokehouse.  Very tender and flavorful.  Didn't need sauce it was so wonderful.    The service was excellent - can't wait to go back!  Thanks guys!
4	Best grilled wings and blue cheese. Get them double grilled. Ribs and Mac and cheese excellent too. Going back before we leave Charlotte on Sunday. Here for the ACC game. Go Noles!
1	The food was very average. I just don't see the draw to this place. We went on a Friday night and the place wasn't crowded but it was full of bikers and loud folks. Smokers on the patio and a huge dog (brought along by a guest) stared us down the whole time we ate. He even lunged at my husband. The ribs and chicken were dry, as was the Mac and Cheese. The upside is our drinks were great. So I'd say go for drinks, skip the food, don't expect any sort of civility from guests.
3	Met some people for McKoys for lunch and it was a good decision.I had the pulled pork sandwich and it was tasty and well priced.  Also, with a side of mac&cheese fill me up perfectly.    2 things to be on the look out here for.1 -  They won't seat you until you entire party is there.  I was 2 mins late to the door and had to make everyone wait to be seat.2 - Beware getting seat outside.  The traffic noise is really loud.  They need to install some more bush is some type of sound barrier.  It was hard to talk one another out there.
4	This place is great! The pulled pork was fantastic and the portion size was much more than expected. The pulled chicken was equally as great - dare I say better than the pork? We'll call it even. The atmosphere is exactly what I pictured. Wooden interior with a nice bar and plenty of tables to choose from inside. They also have an outside deck as well. As far as the staff, they were very welcoming despite my group being from out of town and top it all off...the pricing is very reasonable. Absolutely check out this gem if you have the time.
4	Great BBQ special on Thursday. Great flavor, generous portions, great selection and quality of sides and very friendly service. Not to mention a fun place to eat lunch. Going back to try out their other daily specials. Fun C&W memorabilia on the walls also.
5	Delicious food (bbq pork, fried chicken, and Mac n cheese were excellent). Portions were generous. Very convenient for eating on the way to or from the Charlotte airport. Next time I'm trying the St. Louis ribs.
5	Pot roast is where it's at! Or bring someone along and split the L.T.D. The side dishes are very good too.
5	This review is based on the only item we've eaten here SO FAR...the smoked wings.  They are the best wings...big and tasty!  Try them with the Calypso sauce (which is a mix of BBQ and teriyaki sauce) and order them "double grilled".  Their wings are smoked and grilled (not fried) so you get a ton of flavor out of these meaty bad boys!!  We've been here three times but we can't get past ordering a pile of these wings.  The atmosphere is low-key and fun.  I really wanted to try the homemade coconut pie but they were sold out on the last visit...reason to go back!!  And...they carry Gentleman Jack : )
2	Drove from union county for fried chicken and onion rings.  They have removed onion rings from the menu!!  Why?  They were amazing.  Fried chicken was cooked in old oil, and I do mean OLD.  They should utilize a filter agent or change oil more often.  Have been a patron for years, this will not encourage my continued patronage.
5	Omg, this place is amazing!! Best wings I've ever had, queso dip is incredible with the house made chips, and their Mac and cheese is just amazing!!! Their waitstaff is very quick and efficient, maybe a little to quick tho.. Stop and be a little more friendly ladies! Lol.. Great place, good prices, great BBQ, not TX, but almost!
5	So good!  Impressed with the casual atmosphere, the prompt service and the amazing food!  If you are looking for barbeque, look no further!
4	Really great place for a quick bite. My wife and I were in town on business and this was one of the closest places to the hotel. We didn't drink this particular night, so can't offer review of bar, but the food and service was great. I can't say enough about the staff - they worked together to make sure we were happy. The food was quick and delicious, with the exception of the side caesar salad (too much cheap dressing). Prime rib was to die for. If you're in the area, definitely check this place out. You won't regret it.
2	Almost a DiveHad "Smoked Pot Roast" Not much smoked flavor. Frozen "Sweet Potato Fries","Sauteed Green Beans" had very little flavor and the "Country Steak" was almost ground with a very greasy gravy. Service was mediocre at best. We were there on a Saturday afternoon and they weren't busy so things could have been much better if they tried. Assuming they have the skill to do better.
5	i love this place been going for years!!! food is great beer is cold what more could you ask for...
4	The food comes in large proportions, BBQ is so tender and even the southern fries chicken is juicy. Made the mistake of thinking it was boneless chicken breasts but it was delicious.
1	The barbecue was cold and certainly nothing to write home about.  I was hoping for some amazing Carolina-style BBQ.  This was not the place.  I should've ventured farther from the hotel in search of the real thing.
5	Five stars.  What?  That means this is currently my top bbq place in the world.  I do not hand out 5 stars to all restaraunt. A 5 only goes to the best of each type of restaraunt.  So enjoy your meal.  I had the award wining St. Louis ribs the Mac and cheese and the cole slaw.   Also the wings.  The wings and the Mac and cheese are the best I ever are and the ribs are up there possibly the top three so just go there is no question this is the real deal!!!!!!
1	I normally don't rate restaurants this low but I cannot believe the ignorance of management that does nothing to ensure their top selling items are available at opening time. They had both the Fried Green Tomatoes and the pot roast unavailable. They said it takes 15 hours to cook the beef.  If you open at 12 noon  on Sunday then you have to start cooking it at 9pm the prior night.  What's so hard about that when you are open past midnight?  Lame excuses with no management apology.  I won't be back.
4	Really like this place. It has great decor. Outside patio seats  about 25 inside is very open with a bar. You can smell the smoke from outside. I recently had the BBQ sandwich and it was huge juicy and delish to put it another way it was awesome. They usually have specials so that is a plus. Servers are friendly and attentive. You can't go wrong here.
5	Used Yelp and found this place. Awesome food! The ribs are meaty and delicious. I liked the cole slaw as well. Food and service were excellent.  This place is so good that I went again for lunch before leaving town. Highly recommended!!
2	Passable for late night. I arrived at my hotel near exit 6 off I-77 just before 10pm on a Tuesday and knew that my dining options would be limited. With a mixed-bag of review and approval from the hotel front desk employee, I decided to give McKoy's a try for take-out. I will say that my food was prepared quickly as I stopped by a gas station to fill up and by the time I returned my wings were ready.The mac n' cheese I ordered as a side was a big thin and soupy. Unfortunately the 12 wings left something to be desired; they were not bad and I appreciated the smoky flavor, but seemed no better than what I would get at a BW3's. I did appreciate the Calypso sauce (teriyaki and bbq combined).I can't speak to the bbq and while I did like the smell of the smoker from the parking lot, I did not get the impression of an overly authentic restaurant. I've had worse meals, but in Charlotte I have certainly had better. I would characterize this place as more of a saloon and fully appreciate that late-night can reduce options.
5	McCoy's smokes their own pork barbecue! 'Nuff said. Ok, they are friendly, too. Plus, the NCAA games are on the tvs, a delight to these ACC fans. Rarely have I felt so comfortable in a restaurant/bar in a strange city (we got stranded in Charlotte due to winter storms in the North-east).
5	Thank you yelp!   This was divine.  We split the wings- I loved the buffalo she loved the Thai chili- and the best BBQ sandwich I've ever had.  And we've had lots of BBQ across the south.
5	This is a stand up biker type bar.  The service and food are EXCELLENT!  My favorite menu item is the wings.  I rarely eat wings anywhere so it's weird for me to even be commenting about them!  Friends turned me on to the way to order them.  Order them asking for them to be double grilled and "barbalo style."  They are crispy and out of this world!  You cannot go wrong with anything on their menu.  You will be guaranteed to leave feeling full, happy and satisfied!
5	Love their food! Cheap drinks and specials. Ask for Abbie, she's the best! Buffalo shrimp and that BBQ platter is a must try! Food is way better than Macs. Love that they have a jukebox too. Two thumbs up! Coconut pie is delicious an served warm and also lemonade pie. Yum!
1	The food in the restaurant smelled great but I ended up leaving without tasting it due to poor service.  I was seated outside and waited a long time while at least two waiters came outside and never acknowledged my presence.  I don't want to throw the race card but I do wonder as I was only black person there besides my sister.   One waitress looked our way and then went to service another party who was seated at least 7 mins after us.  Wasted my lunch break!! One star for great smelling food!
5	Amazing. Had Thai wings and pulled pork. Great value for the money. So good I'm sure I'll be back!
5	Definitely lived up to all the great reviews...a-mazing!  I had the pulled pork platter w/mac-n-cheese and coleslaw...finished with peanut butter pie - oink, oink...fat & happy indeed!
4	Q was very good moist, tinder, hint off smoke. 2 sauces vinegar base & red both good. The winner here is pork was good good 3 ways, naked' vinegar & red. Most BBQ joints Cheap on the sides Not McKoy's the side where as good or almost better than the pork. Service on point, even got a honey or two and that is Southern Q at it's best.
5	We found this on a business trip and loved it. 3 of us ordered the Living The Dream (LTD) platter, and one a half rack of ribs. The LTD is a combo platter with chicken, pulled pork, ribs, and pot roast, with two sides. The ribs were meaty and flavorful, just right. The chicken was moist, not dry. The pull pork was traditional. The pot roast was unique. I've had bbq brisket but never pot roast. It was a unique and delicious choice. Everything had a nice smoked flavor. The portions were huge. No one could finish the LTD. I made a meal out of my doggie bag. The salads were crisp and clean. The mac and cheese was great. They had two sauces, a NC vinegar and a sweet mild tomato based. The reataurant is a bar in a log building, a bit dark. We ate on the porch. TL; DR - great bbq, good sides, nice ambience. We will return.
4	This place is one of the best, not the greatest, the Ribs were very good, st louis style.  The wings were very good grilled not greasy fried, i recommend the Thai Chili, its got some zing.  For sides Mac and cheese, very good and gooey and the sauteed mushrooms.
3	I got the LTD and a side of wings. The wings had a great smoky flavor which was masked by an excess of sauce. The sauce was great, but I felt the wings would've been better served with less of it.The LTD must stand for "Leaves Tons (to be) Desired." The plate comes with two sides, roast, BBQ chicken, puled pork, and ribs.The plate is freaking massive. It's a LOT of food. They pile it high with roast and pulled pork, give you four ribs, and 1/4 chicken (wing + breast).The chicken wing was great, but the breast was VERY dry.The roast was sawdust dry. I had a bite with a bit of onion which was presumably stewed down with the roast, and it wasn't half bad because the onion was moist enough to mask the uncomfortably dry roast.The pulled pork was fair, but also a bit drier than I would've expected.The ribs and sides were the highlight of the dish. The four ribs were packed with meat, and had a wonderful texture. I would've preferred a far more smoky flavor, but they were still good. They were also slathered with a decent BBQ sauce (more on this later). I got mac n' cheese (because the Yelp reviews praised it) and fried okra. I expected a bit more of the mac n' cheese. It's not that it isn't good mac n' cheese. It's above average, but not great.The fried okra was pretty good, but it was a touch too greasy, and a touch too salty. If it had more crunch on the outside and less grease, then it would've been perfect.So... 3 items on the LTD were too damned dry to enjoy without some sauce, and that's a shame because the sauce on the tables is, for lack of a better word, terrible. One is a smoky shade away from ketchup and the other is of a heavy vinegar base. The vinegar one wasn't bad. At the recommendation of one Yelper's previous review, I mixed the two together and had a halfway decent sauce on my hands. No idea why no one in the restaurant has put this together.The wait staff was prompt, attentive, and friendly. Can't ask for more on that front. Maybe I caught them on an off night, but when I go back, it'll be for wings and ribs. I'm not interested in trying the roast/pulled pork again.
4	I have lunch here about once a week (no judging... it's a good place.. not good for my waistline). The anything BBQ is good: pulled pork, ribs, chicken... all good. I mostly get the lunch specials which are a huge value for the money.Yesterday someone at my table ordered the Buffalo shrimp and they were awesome, I think I might start ordering those all the time.The service is great, friendly staff... no complaints here.
5	Great place!Great food! Called 15 mins ahead of time on a Friday for my birthday party of 17..they had the tables already put together.  The food was delicious and the staff was very nice and attentive.  I highly recommend this place!The added plus ....there was a 80s tribute band that had flashing lights and a smoke machine.  Twas a great choice for my 30th birthday!
5	Just really good. Great, friendly service. Pretty quick, also. I had the smoked pot roast. Hated to leave any on the plate. Fried okra was as good as you could want. Mac and cheese was super. Nice roadhouse atmosphere, with lots of TVs, for sports fans--but it's not a sports bar. You can have a quiet conversation, if you want.
5	I ate 3 meals in Charlotte and this was the best by far!I opted for a half-slab of St. Louis-style ribs with two side dishes.  Based upon the waitresses recommendation, I went with the fried squash and the green beans.From bottom to top, here are my thoughts:Green beans - too much garlic for my taste but I loved the freshness of the beans and that they had not been cooked to the point of mushiness.  Two bites and then I left them alone.Bleu cheese dressing - a recommended accompaniment  for dipping  the squash and spot-on.  Perfect blend of creaminess and the slight bite of the bleu.  An appropriate amount of chunks of the stinky cheese combined with the savory flavor made this the perfect dipper for the squash.  They make this dressing in-house and it tastes like heaven.  Waitress was on the money when she recommended this as a dipper for the squash.Fried squash - whoever thought this one up should be given a raise!  This is the first time that I've seen this dish offered anywhere but it needs to be everywhere.  The sweetness of the squash was accentuated by the crispiness of batter.  Also, the slight saltiness paired really well with the aforementioned bleu cheese dressing that my waitress recommended.  I plan to mention this dish to my favorite places that serve ribs in St. Louis in hopes that someone will pick it up and run with it.The ribs - I love ribs!  I eat ribs in lots of different places to see how the pit masters interpret the pig differently.  These easily ranked in my top 5 favorites of all times.  They use pecan instead of hickory or a fruitwood and it makes for an amazingly complex and savory flavor.  Take a bite and your mouth waters for a second bite.  Take a second bite and the process repeats.  beautiful rub had plenty of flavor but the real star was the smoke.  There were a few different types of sauce on the table but not a one of them got within a foot of these ribs so I can't begin to comment on their attributes.Go there - get the ribs!!!
3	Food is outstanding. I've been there several times and the negative is the inconsistent service. It's either great or it's horrible, there is no in between. Positive side is dang that food is goooooood! Examples include: buffalo chicken sandwich, country fried steak, mac n cheese, fried squash, wings, the list goes on and on. I haven't had bad food ever. However, if the food is great and the service is so so I'm less likely to return than if the food is ok and the service is great.
4	Grit patty app was delish, smoked, pulled chix was fab and ribs were terrific. Service with a smile too.  Great casual dinner.
4	I was a McKoy's last week for my second visit.  I had the Shrimp and Grits both times and they were amazing.  Great service too.  The first time I was there we were with a large group of about 20.  They were very accommodating.  Last week I was by myself and the service was just as good.
4	We have been to McKoys twice now and are ready to return again very soon. The first time we came to McKoys we were looking for a place to eat late at night, so we were only given the late night menu. Our server was extremely friendly and gave us some recommendations for the best food items. We went with the pulled pork and chicken wings to share. The pulled pork was really good and our server even gave us a side of the famous mac and cheese even though it was past the time they usually serve it. The mac and cheese was the best I have ever eaten! The only item I was not a huge fan of was the chicken wings, but that is probably because I am from Buffalo and can be a bit of a chicken wing snob (wish they were slightly crispier).The second visit we ordered the ribs (YUMMY) but decided to try the green beans as our side along with the mac and cheese. To be fair I am not a fan of green beans, but due to all of the hoopla we decided to try them and HOLY DELICIOUSNESS were they scrumptious. So the takeaway would be to definitely order the ribs, pork, green beans and mac and cheese.My favorite part of this place is the very cozy bar atmosphere that create an enjoyable way to watch a sporting event. Also, everyone that has waited on us has been extremely friendly and helpful. We will be back to McKoys VERY SOON.
4	A great place to eat. I had the pork BBQ plate. Nicely but not overly smoked taste. The fried squash may be the best in Charlotte, NC! I didn't care for the potato salad. It was too eggy and too much mayonnaise for my taste. My family had the Ribs and said they are really good also!The service wasn't the greatest but wasn't to the level of bad. More along the lines of they hadn't scheduled enough people that night. It is a "sports bar" environment so it's very loud.
5	This place is so awesome! My husband and I had to come back! The food was so delicious!!! Amazing food! Amazing staff! The live bank and bikers on Friday night were great! Love this place! We need a resturant like this in California, where I am from!! Great food and drinks! The smoke taste to the ribs and chicken are delicious!!!!!!
5	Excellent BBQ!!!  We were in Charlotte for only 1 day and wanted BBQ.  We found this on yelp and liked the reviews   I had pulled pork which was good. My husband had ribs which were amazing!  The helpings were more than enough. The sides were extremely good. I had green beans and fried okra and my husband had fried squash and mashed potatoes.  Will defiantly come back if ever here again!
5	We don't say this often-but this place is AMAZING! Hubby ordered the LTD which comes with ribs, chicken, pulled pork & pit roast with fried okra & Mac n cheese. The pulled pork was the star performer and hubby ate every delicious morsel. I had the ribs with fries & collard greens. Everything was great, service was great & we were impressed by the teamwork displayed by the waitresses. We had more than just our server check on us, get refills, etc. We will definitely be back to McKoy's.
3	3 stars only because the food was good, not great but good. Too noisy with some kind of music I couldn't identify, with way too much base.  Our server Marilyn was having a bad night or just doesn't have a personality.  Maybe locals like it, but I wouldn't recommend to a friend.  Would not come back due to noise level & poor service.
5	Good service.  Great rich food. What else should I ask for. I ordered pulled smoke pork was great. It cone with two sides I got green beans and saute mushrooms, the sides where done gray from fresh veggies. Will go again.
5	Went looking for a good beer and decent meal after a long day. Passed on two other spots before ending up at McKoy's.  Had a good crowd so decided to check it out. Friendly staff and big screens everywhere.  Waitress recommended the Pot Roast.  Was easily best Pot Roast I have ever had.  Meat was smoked and huge portion.  Hated I didn't have anywhere to keep the leftovers because I could not finish it all.  Fried Okra and Collards excellent too.  Not Fancy but excellent food, large portions and very reasonably priced.  Highly recommend.
5	I was looking for a restaurant with good southern cooking since a family member was visiting. I read the reviews and the menu and I made the right choice! We were all stuffed and happy afterwards. It's pretty much a bar atmosphere, with TVs all around.We ordered the fried green tomatoes as an app and they were yummy. I ordered a BBQ sandwich with Mac and cheese as my side and it was fantastic. My boyfriend ordered a buffalo chicken sandwich with fried okra and it was great as well. Overall great southern food and great/fast service!
5	Great family restaurant. Best BBQ I've had in Charlotte, and there's lots of great BBQ here. Ribs were full of meat with great smoky flavor. The sides (sweet potato fries and mac n cheese) were great too. My friends had the pulled pork and the meatloaf and those were great too. Wanted to try the coconut pie but just didn't have any room. Next time definitely . . .
5	The Best BBQ I've had here in Charlotte N.C pulled pork sandwich & Mac n cheese, yummy!!!!!!   Great prices & great food.  Y'all hit a home run with me!!
3	Had the LTD. What's funny is the fried squash chips were EXCELLENT. The BBQ items were good. Decent meal deal for $24.
5	Pulled pork was great! Do know that when you say you want the large portion you are going to get a huge portion. Service was spectacular with at least four people asking if I needed anything else. They also call you sweetie and honey like a true southern restaurant
4	I visited this place last night for dinner.  From outside it looks like a biker joint but its really a popular place for bikers and white-collar folks just alike.  I saw plenty of people there in casual attire and everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  On to my review.....Jennifer was my waitress last night and she was very sweet and welcoming.  I started off with an order of Buffalo Wings.  They offer different sauces to go with the wings and I picked the Buffalo Sauce.  I thought the wings were very good.  The sauce was right on point IMO.  Just enough heat to keep you honest.......  The Blue Cheese was creamy and simply great!!  They also came with sides of celery and carrots.For my entree I had a 1/2 rack of their St. Louis style ribs with a side of mashed potatos and their green beans.  Everything was delicious!!  Ribs were big and meaty and you definitely got that smoky and sweet taste.  The green beans were sauteed in butter and garlic mixed with some chopped sweet peppers.  It was very good!!Overall I thought this place was good and I would go back.  Only reason I dont give it 5 stars is because I think the place could use some updating but maybe it would take away some of its character if they did........ So who knows.....
4	Awesome local joint.
4	Excellent chicken wings, a bar setting with TV's for watching sports. My husband said the chicken wings were the best he's ever had & he eats them everywhere we go. You must try the Mac & cheese. You will not be disappointed & you will want a 2nd order.
5	5 stars across the board for McKoys! The staff and the food really hit a home run for us last week! Being California kids we were anxious to find some good local food...we got that and more. First the food; Our rowdy party of three had the LTD (Livnin The Dream) plate, the ribeye steak and a regular ole pulled pork plate. All were fantastic. THe steak was cooked perfectly, the pulled pork was tender and smokey... and the LTD plate was an experience in and of itself. Even the green beans, collard greens and mac n cheese blew our collective socks off. To top it all off... the in house sauces at the table were the proverbial icing on the cake. The house vinegar based sauce was perfect with the pulled pork.Last, but not least, the staff; Everyone was alot of fun. As I said...we had had a long day and were pretty rowdy. My cohorts even lost the ability to read the menu for some reason, so the waitress had to take extra time explaining the side item choices... or fixxins. She was a great sport, and even kicked some rowdy attitude back in our direction which made for even more fun. The manager also stopped by a few times to check in and had some fun with us, good to see people at least appearing to enjoy their jobs. It made for us having a great experience.Big Thank You to McKoys! I am not sure when I will be back to Charlotte, but when I am,rest assured I will be back!
3	We tried the smoked wings, pulled pork and ribs. Sides were macaroni and cheese and greens. The wings were smoky but not much other flavor without added sauce. The ribs were dry but had good flavor. The pork was good. The sides were the best part of the meal. The greens with the pepper infused vinegar had a sweetness and the Mac and cheese had the best toasted crust. No Samuel Adams lost a second star.
5	Great BBQ and great service.  Just the atmosphere I expect from an authentic BBQ joint.  Not fancy but good food at a good price!  Half price appetizers were a nice surprise.
3	Was looking for a place with some good ribs while visiting Charlotte.  I've had better but the ribs here were pretty good. The sides could have been better.  The cole slaw was too watery for my liking and the loaded baked potato looked far better than it tasted.  We had the fried green tomato for an appetizer---not feeling that either.  Now the service was GREAT!!!! Very attentive staff--among the best service I've had at a restaurant.Not in love with the location, needs better signage, and MORE lighting.
4	Excellent wings. Great service. 100% smoked wings. Great flavor. Big meaty. I will definitely be back. Okra is great too.
5	Excellentttttt potato skins (i get them every single time)! Excellent everything actually. My boyfriend and I come in here a lot on Sundays, and we get something different every time. We haven't been disappointed yet :)
4	I would like to start by saying that the entire purpose of this review is because I am sitting at home and like a good warm blooded American I want macaroni and cheese. Looking through the reviews somebody recommended McKoy's, that somebody should be prosecuted. Their mac and cheese sucks. That being said their bbq is delicious, the ribs especially. Get you some good ribs just skip the mac and cheese and you'll be alright. Now, on to my search... You're welcome world.
4	Without a doubt, the best wings I have ever had. Smoked wings with an awesome Thai Chili sauce. All sorts of sauce choices. The double crisp option ($1.50 extra) is an absolute must. Decent draft beer selection.  Bud, the bartender, was super friendly. Great casual bar/ restaurant.  Couple steps above classic hole in the wall. Tons of big screen TVs.  Every NFL game available. Second time I have eaten here in 3 days.   Very solid BBQ place.  If you are in Charlotte, worth the trip.
4	Great food, good atmosphere.
5	Loved the food !!! The ribs were great ! Best fried okra I ever had. Service was very friendly ! If you are ever in Charlotte NC you have to go to Mckoy's. I know I would fly across the country from California just to eat here !!
