4	Wow!The service was really really good...!Our waiter helped with our order...!My filet mignon was alike a butter in my mouth and the dessert sorbet and geloto was sooo good!
5	My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our experience at Center Cut Steakhouse. New (open since March 2012) to the Vegas dining scene, Center Cut has to its advantage a young, creative, and very talented chef, Ian Delph, who has trained in Sonoma and Boston before taking the helm at Center Cut. Delph seeks out unique, organic, and fresh ingredients that will best compliment the prime cuts of meat featured on the menu. A few examples of this creativity include Scottish Salmon with a truffle sauce, pink mashed potatoes that are organically grown and are actually pink, and bib lettuce (that the table next to us ordered) that literally looked like art. Every dish was prepared with panache and flawless presentation. Both my husband and I were completely impressed with the presentation, and the flavors were literally "melt in your mouth." The food is nothing short of delicious, and ranks right up there with any of the top Vegas steak houses. In my opinion Center Cut is better because it's not a chain, and the chef gets to use his creative skills a lot more in a non-chain restaurant. We both had a caesar salad to start, and we agreed that it was one of the best caesar salads we'd had in a long time. Located inside the Flamingo, the theme is "old school Vegas" with a modern and contemporary twist. The Flamingo is one of the original Vegas casinos, and throughout your meal you are treated to still shots of life in Vegas, from the 1930's until now. These still photos are shown throughout the restaurant on multiple TV's and feature the likes of Sonny and Cher, Frank Sinatra, Jerry Lewis, Wayne Newton, Elvis... Very cool to watch, and a great compliment to the swanky, sexy feel of the steak house. Center Cut has a great wine list too, and we enjoyed our waiter, David, who went to culinary school and is currently training to be a master Sommelier. David recommended an excellent cab that paired perfectly with our meal, and the espresso I had along with the cheesecake was enough to tip me over the edge to give Center Cut 5 stars. Only drawbacks are that the restaurant is open to the bright casino area, and there are no restrooms inside (you have to walk to the lobby area of the casino for the nearest restroom). But the food, the service, and the overall experience are worthy of 5 stars. Center Cut (once discovered), I'm sure will rank among a handful of truly great steakhouses in Vegas. Right now it's still pretty easy to get a table here.
1	When you pose as a high end steakhouse, you must deliver!  Everything started out great but when our waiter, Lance, forgot one of our orders, things just went down hill.  I mean, come on!  Three of our seven guests had the filet and all ordered their steaks at different temperatures.  Every steak was cooked to order but delivered to the wrong guest....I mean come on!!!!  These are the two basic and most important parts of a waiters job.  The only posititve from Lance was his recommendation on wine.  We purchased two bottles of a Malbec...great choice.  Last, the fire alarm went off during dinner.  So annoying.  Typically if a restaurant screws up this bad, something should have been picked up...maybe a bottle of wine or desert, but absolutely NOTHING.  What kind of General Manager are you?  I wish I knew his name.  A tall blonde kid wearing his dads suit.  Haha.....Get it together son!  In Las Vegas, you have many options........DO NOT DINE HERE!!!!!
4	OK... I admit it, I'm spoiled.  When in Vegas we typically end up at some swanky spot, like Smith & Wollensky, Carnevino at the Palazzo, or Andre's at the Monte Carlo.We did the budget Vegas thing for YEARS, and now we're 40-something and ready to bask in the glory of middle class financial security (as much as you can have in our current economic climate...).  So we aren't sharing rooms with 10 other people anymore, and don't eat dinner at Fat Burger prior to clubbing.  OK... maybe we still do occasionally. ;)  Who doesn't love a fried egg on their burger at 2am?Anyhoo... Center Cut was a REALLY nice surprise.  Right next to their Tropical Breeze Cafe (which I would NOT recommend), the location gives you that "this is probably not such a classy place" feel - until you go in.  Classic Vegas decor, and nice big round tables for your group.  I love round tables... nothing worse than a 10 person rectangle that allows you to speak to maybe 3 of the 10 people the entire time.  Clean.  A+ on the service.  Just an all around great experience.  One qualifier - I've only been there once.  Not sure about the consistency over time, but this one experience was worth mentioning.And the food... the term umami comes to mind.  Our group had fairly diverse tastes, so we got a good sampling.  The fillet was melty perfect, the rib-eye had just the right amount of crispy goodness around the edges, I got the scallops - which were OH-mazing, but don't order that if you're really hungry.  All was cooked to perfection.Desert?  Yes and yes.  We got the Carrot Cake and the Coffee Toffee Crunch.  This was no ordinary slice of carrot cake.  This was the mother load, cream of the crop, most spectacular piece of carrot cake you've ever had... ever.  Sorry Mom, theirs was better...  The Coffee Toffee Crunch was over the top good as well.So... if you're not going to Flamingo for the pool parties, the convenient location, decent rooms and reasonable prices - at a minimum, go there to check out Center Cut.  Hopefully, they'll still have the Cuvelier Los Andes '09 Malbec on the wine list.  Spendy, but worth it!
4	I want to give it the thumbs up!! The prices were good, and you get a few bucks off if you show your TR card before you get seated. The server we had was great. He made the right suggestions on our sides and told us all we needed to know about the specials.The meats came out cooked just like everyone asked for and the flavor was really good. My Filet Mignon was very tender.With this being said, my favorite Filet Mignon to date still has come from Del Frisco.I cant comment on the wine list or the alcohol since on this night, none of us ordered alcohol. LOL We were making it a chill night with a good dinner after 3 nights of hitting it pretty hard. We stuck to water all day/night.
4	I had dinner here on my recent trip to Las Vegas and enjoyed it quite a bit. The atmosphere was terrific, a nice quiet sanctuary inside of a noisy, smoky casino. The restaurant has TV's all around the the room that display a slide show of Vegas throughout the early years through current day that was very fun to watch. We were dining with my wife's uncle who is a 30 year resident and he enjoyed it quite a bit. The old photos helped him to recall a lot of memories and share some great stories.I started with a Caesar salad which was nicely done, good flavor and the perfect amount of dressing.For my entree I ordered the 10 ounce wagyu rib steak which was delicious. It was my first time trying wagyu and I found it to be very tasty. It had a wonderful sear, but was cooked a little closer to rare than the medium rare I ordered. For sides we shared steak fries which were sort of blah, creamed corn with bacon which was absolutely amazing and lobster Mac n cheese which was great but lacked a little in lobster in my opinion. While the sides were pretty good, they were very small, much smaller than you would get in a typical steakhouse.For dessert they brought out a piece of cheesecake that we all shared. It was very nice and the presentation was wonderful too.Overall it was a good experience for the price you paid to dine here. If you present your players card you get a discount off the prices so keep that in mind if you're staying at any of the Harrah's properties.
5	Repeated the French Onion Soup and it was just as awesome as last time. And although I've heard the chocolate cake was great, my personal opinion was the carrot cake was heavenly
5	Where to start!  With friends enjoying at getaway birthday weekend.  (We visit Las Vegas several times a year.)  We decided to give the new steakhouse at Flamingo a try before going out for the night.  GREAT CHOICE!!!  We were greeted by two very friendly hosts at the door and sat right away.  We had a food allergy in our group and before ordering the Chef of the restaurant came to our table PERSONALLY to see what he could create special for my friend.  That is what's call service!  The staff was attentive and friendly.  So for the food...I had the filet and it was perfect...tender, juicy, and full of flavor.  The server explained to me what i guess is called a popover (like a Yorkshire pudding) that came with my steak and it was so yummy.  Still warm so the garlic butter melted all over it.  For sides we had the corn (excellent) and gratin potatoes (also excellent).  Even though we were all full and had no intentions of ordering dessert the manager knowing it was my birthday brought us out the most amazing, sweet, and HUGE slice of chocolate cake for the table to share.  It was wonderful.From the food to the service everything was top notch.  My only complaint is I have to travel to Vegas in order to enjoy again.Will be back again and again!!!
5	The rack of lamb was amazing. I asked for it medium, and it came out a little rarer than I thought, but I was glad because it was better like that. It was a little more expensive and classy than my boyfriend and I are used to, but as avid foodies we were pleased. Don't be afraid of the menu and go for it. Splurge. It's worth it.
5	This place is absolutely awesome! I've come in here several times now in a row and each time everything has been terrific. Our last visit we had the Bacon Satay Trio, to start, which comes out served on a salt block - my friends and I agreed it was one of the best and most interesting things we'd eaten in a while! Loved it! : ) ... So bottom line, you have to try it! - Also each time I've come in I have gotten the french onion soup and it's definitely one of my favorites anywhere I've ever had that dish. : ) Overall, the whole menu is great and you will not be disappointed! One of the best new places in town in my opinion! Enjoy!
5	The service is very professional, the food unbelievable, we order a sea food appetizer and the presentation and the flavor match perfectly, my bone in rib eye  was cook to perfection and was realy full of flavor , i get a side of lobster mcn chesse just because my waiter recommended, guess what i just coming back to tried again realy realy good, overall this is now one of my fav Steakhouse restaurant in town
5	Outstanding food and service.Wife and I were with friends over drinks in the Flamingo after a day at the pool.  Our friend was hungry and by chance, we strolled into Center Cut. We were immediately seated which we thought was odd on a Friday at 8pm.For an appetizer, we ordered the Sea Food trio (King Crab, JumboPrawns and oysters) which was fresh and fantastic. Also, served an amazing array of warm bread (bacon bits, cheese and tomato) which was the best I've ever had.For dinner, we had the filet mignon (unreal-melts in mouth), pork chop, lamb chop and the crab cakes; each was perfectly prepared and presented.  The server was efficient, polite and knowledgeable and Chef Ian also stopped by to inquire about our meal and experience.  We have been to a variety of steak houses (Ruth Cris, Morton's, Alfred's,   Charlie Palmer, Flemings, Cut etc) and this is at the top of the list. Would  definitely be back!
5	Ron. Ron. Ron.Remember that name.Flamingo has some weird thing going where they don't keep the  bartenders in the same place for very long. That sucks because Ron...?Ron is the BOMB. I live in Vegas and I hit the casinos every once in awhile, MAYBE. That's because usually the bartenders suck (Cosmo, I'm looking at you), they're WAY overpriced (Aria, ahem) or they have nothing to offer (oh, hello, everyone else), but this place? This bar has RON. I stopped in because I was meeting a friend for a quick hello before heading off for other errands. I had asked around for a fave vodka of mine and was directed to this bar. Give that man a raise. What SHOULD have been a few minutes in a bar turned into a couple of hours (I'm still trying to figure that out. RON.). ;)I encountered Ron. Good looking, personable, helpful and so far beyond awesome that I have no words for him. He taught me video poker, introduced me to the art of the martini (apple? caramel? in a martini? OMG) and was all around great company. I tipped him well and STILL came out on top. I know, don't ask me.I haven't eaten at this place yet, but I'll be back very soon to sample the wares. Man, I love this place. And, you Ron, are to blame.Go here, drink, have a great time, BUT, ask for RON. Seriously, he's the awesomest. Totally.
3	For the price this place is not that great. You pay the amount thinking that you will have the best steak ever and then it doesn't happen.Service was slow, but the drinks were good. Go to Outback and pay less and get the same quality food.
4	Spent a weekend in Vegas with the guys for our annual excursion.  Stayed at Flamingo which was disappointing. Let's just say the pictures of the rooms and the actual rooms don't match up. Anyway we decided to try Center Cut which seemed to have a nice atmosphere and hopefully good food.  It was a hit with our group.  Several of the items we consumed were the bone in rib-eye, prime rib, baked potato, mashed potatoes, augratin potatoes, jalapeno creamed corn and bacon satay.  The cuts of meat are on par with a upper echelon steak house.  They are not of similar quality as Outback as another Yelper mentioned.  The bacon satay appetizer was one of the best apps we've ever had.  It's a can't miss. Drinks are a usual price for places similar to this. Service was excellent as well. All in our group would go back.
1	I'll begin by saying our food was great.The problem lied in the used car salesman sleaze that the staff carried like it was swagger.At the price you expect a sort of high end experience. This was not it. I have never been so blatantly upsold in my life.After completion of ordering this is what your waiter will say "Oh, so you wanted to start off with those great, fresh, crab legs? No? Wow. Okay."Again enjoyed the food. Hard to enjoy an experience when you feel like you're being hustled.I won't go back.
4	Time for a Rib Eye steak!!!!!! Although good, I would opt to spend this kind of $$$ at Charlie Palmers
5	Everything was nice. The prime rib was probably the best I have ever had. I have never had such a flavorful and soft  piece of meat. The salad was okay not worth the amount should of been included and the baked potato should of been included it wasn't that fancy of a restaurant to have prices like that.
2	We went last week for the first time and the service was good, but the staff seemed to lack warmth. My prime rib was very tough, but flavorful and my girlfriends steak (filet) was average at best.The sides were very good.I would not be back as IMHO the best steak in Vegas is at Joe's in Caesars Rotunda.There is much better for the money than this.
4	Evertihing was good but salad sucked
3	Went because of the good reviews, but was disappointed. Started with the calamari was hard as a rock okay maybe the french onion soup would make up for it not a chance. Maybe I'm"m being over critical but for the prices I think I have a right to be. It was very salty as was my 20 oz rib eye. The meat was cooked perfectly but over seasoned maybe if you request less salt it would be okay. My wife had the salmon which looked and tasted great. The dessert was fantastic the Volcano excellent presentation enough to share.  overall good service but not my first pick for a  steakhouse.
3	The food was actually pretty good. The service was good, but our waiter was so so. It was the day before new year everyone and it was hard getting around the strip. So we decided to eat here since we were staying at Flamingo. When the waiter took our order and saw we weren't having steak, he said "that's it? Nothing else?" Like he was offended that we didn't order more food. My girlfriend and I don't eat a lot. We have will power and portion control. I don't know wtf he expected us to eat? Anyway, after that he provided pretty good service. The 3 star rating is for the waiter's attitude and the prices. For this place being inside the Flamingo, it is waaaay overpriced! For two people I spent $130 and just had 2 salads, 2 sodas, one baked Potatoe and one dessert!  That included a $12 tip.
4	DESSERT MENU, PLEASEIt was our fourth day in Vegas and we had walked by Center Cut countless times, since it is located right next to the elevators for our part of the Flamingo Hotel. An electronic screen displaying menu items and specials had caught our eyes each night, along with the well-dressed women greeting the diners. The hostess station was out front of the doors to the restaurant. A bar was also in this area with lots of comfy seating. We had just had creme brulee the night before at Eiffel restaurant and so it hadn't even crossed my mind to sit down for dessert again. But I'm so glad we did! We sat in the bar area at a small table with very low chairs. I think Ted was our server and he did a great job. The only thing we ordered was the creme brulee and it was very good! $8.00 with our Total Rewards card and it was a good-sized serving. I imagine if we had stopped in at an earlier point in our trip, we would have come back a second time, since it was so convenient to the room!
5	The MOST AMAZING steak of my life! And I'm not even a steak person! I had the sampler with an American steak and 2 Kobe/Wagyu steaks. I have never tasted anything like it in my life! It literally melted in my mouth!! I had the signature salad, which was so simple, yet incredibly flavorful. Our waiter, Brian (I believe) was THE BEST waiter I've ever had in my life. Incredibly personable and attentive. He was extremely helpful with my food allergies. This was one of the best meals I've ever had in my life!!
4	Didn't eat here, just drank in their bar.This bar has gone through some evolution over the years. When we first started coming here it was an Italian place that was trying too hard to be hip. Then it became the horrid Burger Joint (known best for the $2 graveyard special).Now that the Margaritaville Casino has taken over the space of the former steakhouse, the steakhouse has moved here and changed from a fussy formal room to a hipper modern look.The bar has upgraded their selection as well. The wine list is quite good, and they have some good prices during happy hour. In its previous incarnations you'd be hard pressed to find a good glass of wine but not anymore. We ended up in this bar several times because it's one of the few where you can actually hear yourselves converse and they offer decent wines and liquor. Not everyone drinks Coors Light.The bartenders are friendly. They're older and they've been with the hotel for years (Flamingo is a union joint) but they know what they're doing and they provide good service. If you need a drink to unwind, have it here.
1	Terrible, terrible service!We dined at Center Cut Steakhouse with a group of 25 this past weekend.  The waiters were so incredibly rude it was appalling.  First, our group was separated into two different tables in two different rooms with the doors open.  When we asked if we could have a separate check for each table, the waiter just looked at us and said "No" and walked away without an apology or an explanation.  When I ordered a Caesar salad (which, by the way was a piece of lettuce with dressing, a cracker, one cherry tomato and an anchovy for $13), the waiter said, with disgust, "that's it?" which I found to be insulting.  My husband ordered a prime rib for $37, which tasted average, and was literally a slab of meat on an otherwise empty plate.  The man who poured our water and delivered the bread to the table showed the only ounce of kindness out of anyone in the restaurant.  Since gratuity was included, we were forced to pay two individuals who treated us with absolute disrespect over $400 in gratuity.  I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone.
4	The $29 Kobe Burger was outstanding! (actually worth the $29 - highly recommend!) - service was very good - Matt
5	We loved this place. We showed up for Happy Hour and waited for them to open for our 5:30 reservations. From the get-go, it was top notch. Service - Impeccable. They were top notch. And because of this, we would not hesitate to return. Food - We got the seafood tower. Wow. The seafood was done well and the cocktail sauce was something to behold. We shared the French Onion Soup. It's so good - I didn't want to share --- even though I promised. :) We also shared the Tomahawk steak. We wanted two different cook levels -- so they made it happen! And we appreciated it! All in all -- TOP notch.
1	I can't believe how the people can rate this place so high.First.  Just past year, this location used to be a burger joint.  Every year for the past 6 to 7 years, they had to change restaurants due to poor business.  Decor of this steakhouse hasn't changed from when they ysed to be a burger joint.  If you are looking for a classy steakhouse atmosphere, this isn't it.Second.  This is considered a high end steakhouse.  Most of the upscale steakhouse with-in strip uses prime cut.  Here, they use choice cust and charges for prime price.  We had center cut New York steak and Bone0in Ribeye for dinner.  It was the worst.  They were both so fatty.  Half of the 20oz steak was that of FAT.  For New York steak, there were multiple veins going through surrounded by layers of fat.  Based on this, we probably could have a better steak from Outback steakhouse for the 1/3 of the price of this place.Third.  They were playing a music in the steakhouse.  They seems to be using the same sound track as the casino.  80's pop.Who ever heard of music being played at a steakhouse.Fourth.  Sae cheap furniture that was used when it was the burger joint.If you are looking for a good steakhouse, I would not recommend this place.  There are a lot better place for good steaks than gere.  You can go to Primes at Bellagui, Old Homestead at Caesars, even the Sterling Steak house at Bally's was better this crap they call steak at Center Cut Steakhouse.  And Ruth Chris just opened up at Harrahs.  Go everywhere else but here.  I am sure, like all the other restauarnat that went out of business at this location, this steakhouse will follow very soon.
2	We ordered the shellfish tower, steak, lobster bisque, and lobster mac. (Yes, we love lobster). Bananas Foster for dessert.The soup was cold so we had to send it back. After it was warmed up, it was absolutely fantastic!!!We ordered the steak encrusted with bleu cheese. It didn't come with bleu cheese so we needed to get it on the side.The shellfish tower was way overpriced for the quantity of what you actually get. Way overpriced.The lobster mac was great. However, this $13.00 side came in a tiny little bowl. It was way too small.Bananas Foster was mouth watering. Delicious!The customer service was wonderful.My overall impression is that this place is just simply overpriced for the quality and quantity of food you receive. Your money is better spent somewhere else.
4	The food was excellent. Very helpful wait staff. Our overall experience was wonderful.
4	Great steakhouse with cool menu...love the bacon app and the jalapeno creamed  corn...
4	Great prime rib and oysters Rockefeller! The steak was thick and cooked to perfection. Very nice atmosphere. I'd love to come back here!
1	I really want to like this place.  I even ate here twice within 3 days thinking my first experience was just a fluke, but even after giving this place a second chance.  This place is just over-rated.  As part of their "Total Rewards" card player, Center Cut has a special price for people who has the player card.  Our first visit:-- Lime-poached shrimp cocktail - the shrimp was very large.  You get 3 large shrimp and it was pretty tasty.  It's not hard to get this wrong.-- Lobster Bisque - it was delicious.  I wish it was hotter.-- 8 oz center cut filet mignon - Ordered Medium rare and it came out perfect, but the taste to the meat doesn't have that "AGED" factor.  -- 20 oz Bone-In Ribeye - Ordered Medium rare and it came out well done.  Returned the meat and the waiter was rude about it.  My boyfriend is almost done with his filet and finally my Ribeye returned and it was RARE.  The meat looks as if it barely touched the grilled.  It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.  Then I returned the meat for some extra grilling time.  Ribeye came back and it was super salty and the meat went from RARE to MEDIUM.  Very DISAPPOINTED.  Our second visit: (Thinking this would be different experience)-- Ordered the Lobster bisque again and this time arrived extremely watery and it wasn't HOT.  It was just luke warm. -- Ordered the American Wagyu (eye of ribeye) - in Medium Rare and came out Medium.  Learning from the previous experience, I decided to tough it out and just ate my steak Medium.  In Summary: This place is extremely OVER-RATED.  For the prices what they charged, we felt how in the world this place charges so much when their quality of their food CONSISTENCY is just not there?  Their over-priced steaks tasted CHEAP.  And on top of this experience, the waiter tried charging us "FLAMINGO WATER" $4 for 2 people.  WHAT????? And he tried to pull a fast one by charging us the regular price versus the total reward card price.  We addressed it and the bill came back $14 less.  If you want a steak place, don't let their decor fooled you.  YOU WILL BE VERY DISAPPOINTED if you are into high end steak places such as Morton's, Fleming's, Del Frisco's double eagle steak house.... You will get your money worth at these well establishment instead of this wannabe fancy steak place "The Center Cut".  We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.WE WILL NEVER COME BACK!!!!!
5	My veggie friend and I LOVED this place.   The service was great.  Sometimes a veggie eating in a steak house gets a little grief, but the servers were so nice about us sharing two salads and some veggie sides.  The portions were large and delicious.  We especially loved the asparagus.  Such a simple presentation but SO good!Cocktails were delicious too!  We went back later for a cocktail in the Center Cut bar and Brent the bartender was a dream.  He was so kind and charming and really  knows his way around a cocktail.All in all a great experience.  I would definitely go back.
3	The service was great.  The food was great.  The ambiance was bad.  The lighting was like a cafeteria, nothing like the picture on yelp.  No candles.  It is really pretty but it falls short for being romantic because of the lighting.  Such a small thing can make a big difference.
5	FIVE STARS! We were seated immediately on a Saturday night and ordered a half bottle of Klinker Brick Zin and the bacon appetizer and were very pleased. Split a salad that had wonderful heirloom cherry tomatoes and a great dressing. The filet and prime rib were outstanding and the table-side bananas foster ware incredible! You certainly don't see this much anymore, either! Wine Sommelier and Waiter were great! Can't wait to go back for another special occasion.
5	Amazing food! Had the NY strip and were served by Bobby. I love the collaborative approach to serving the table and the knowledge of their product. We had a great time and thoroughly enjoyed the food. Lobster was incredible too for non-steak eaters.
4	Good & Bad reviews here. We had a wonderful filet that was huge and cooked to perfection along with the bacon wrapped scallops which were large and tasty as well. The bacon was slightly undercooked but who cares when the scallops were perfect.A little pricey but that is Vegas. Would return for sure.....
4	Desserts yum! Very good, a little pricy. But to get the experience but not over pay just get the dessert. Also the wait staff very friendly.
4	Steak at it's best.  The service was phenomenal and I love the private round booth seating.  Everything came out in great portions, fresh and cooked perfectly to order.  They offer the Filet Mignon with the bone in which is usually not available in most steakhouses. The only small disappointment was in the bananas foster dish.  Although they come out with a great presentation, the bananas were not as caramelized as a good bananas fosters should be.  Other than that.  I would definitely aim for their Seafood Tower appetizer and a steak reccommended by your server.
3	Didn't go here-came up with wrong name.
5	Wow, first night here steak and lobster was fabulous , second night here Sea Bass, excellent, third night I tried the rack of lamb and it was the top 10 meals of my life. Getting that again ,will make it 4 nights in a row tomorrow
1	Two star food minus one for price. We must've had an understudy chef.  Steaks were seriously oversalted, though the person who ordered Prime Rib was happy. Service was good but the food disappointed. This location isn't particularly glamorous so why the high $$$?
5	Amazing food! Amazing service! The steak was the best I have ever had an the salmon was divine. Our server, JJ was so knowledgable and friendly! I would definitely recommend this place to friends!!
4	Booked a weekend stay at Flamingo and go a $35 food credit....hence the review, sort of.This would usually be a full meal review but after eating to the point of misery at Wicked Spoon. I only had room for appetizers.Ordered the Calamari, crab cakes and lobster mac and cheese. Calamari was nice generous portion and had a crispy chewy texture. Just right imo. Crab cakes were nothing special, felt a bit too 'hushpuppy' tasting. Mac and cheese were great. Rich cheesy with just enough bits of lobster.  Wish I had to review, but i had no room for one of those steaks. Maybe time i won't be so full.
1	Food was poor for the price.  Service was slow.  Our waiter, Edward, was rude to us and acted as though everything we asked for was an imposition to him.  Will not return.
4	First time here and thoroughly enjoyed it. Their version of the wedge salad is a must try! The steaks were all cooked perfectly in our group and the lobster was outstanding as well. The jalapeno corn was amazing by the way!!!!
3	FOIE GRAS & BONE-IN RIBEYE STEAK DINNERI came here for a late night dinner. I received a voicemail earlier that day regarding the time of my reservation. I made reservation through Open Table for 10:30PM however the maitre d' left a voicemail requesting that if I can come earlier at 10:15PM because they were going to close earlier that evening. My only concern at that time was my flight would arrive at Vegas at 9:00PM and if I took the taxi with the Las Vegas traffic I didn't know if I can make the reservation on time. Luckily my cousin picked me up from the airport. After checking in at Bally's I had to rush to get to Center Cut Steakhouse. The time was 10:05PM. I thought I could take the bridge from Bally's to The Crowell, but the bridge would be close for construction during my stay at Vegas. Sometimes Vegas reminds me of the UC Berkeley campus - there's always construction going around. To get to Center Cut Steakhouse I would have to take the bridge from Bally's to Bellagio, then the bridge from Bellagio to Caesars Palace, then the bridge from Caesars Palace to Flamingo. Once inside the Flamingo I had to ask one of the staff from poker tables where Center Cut Steakhouse was. He gracious and kind to escort me there. I ended up getting to the Steakhouse at 10:25PM. Why am I writing the first half about rushing to the steakhouse? At the end I had to ask myself was rushing to Center Cut Steakhouse worth it.I only ordered two dishes. That was my plan all along. The first dish was foie gras, which was served as an appetizer. Anyone who knows me know I love foie gras. The presentation of the foie gras appeared seared and served with arugula. From appearance the foie gras looked seared but the color was in fact a glaze. When I took a bite of the foie gras it wasn't seared but served as a touchon. Once I had foie gras served as a touchon in a sandwich. The texture for me wasn't appealing because it was like eating a stick of butter. The foie gras at Center Cut Steakhouse was rich and creamy. Eating the arugula with the foie gras cuts the richness of the foie gras. The foie gras was a pretty nice course to start with. The next dish was a bone-in ribeye that I requested to be cooked as medium rare. Normally I like my steak rare but for bone-in steak I order it medium rare because this way of cooking makes the bone more flavorable and transfers the flavor to the meat. The steak was moist and tender. I enjoyed the steak a lot and was better than the foie gras.Am I glad I went? Yes. Was it worth rushing? No. Overall for these two dishes including tip I paid about $79. For the amount I paid nothing really stood out on my two dishes for dinner. The two dishes were decent quality, but because of the quality were slightly overprice in my opinion. This place isn't to bad if you want a nice steak in a casual setting. Just be careful that you don't overpay for your meal.
4	Very good steakhouse at the flamingo.  It is like taking a step back in time watching the tv's show the history of the flamingo and vegas.  Upscale dining and service were provided to us. We started off with a lobster bisque and a wedge salad for starters. Excellent presentation and taste.   We also snacked on fresh baked house bread before our food arrived.  I went with the 8 oz waygu skirt steak from Australia.   It was prepared and marinated well that at medium temperature  it came out tender juicy and full of flavor.  The other entree ordered was the 12 oz waygu ribeye.  This steak came out good but ended up a little dry since it was cooked at a medium well temperature.   Lastly for desert we split a cheesecake.   The perfect end to a delicious meal.
2	This review is for my experience in the bar area, not in the dining room. I recently visited Las Vegas with my girlfriend and on we really wanted some Fois Gras because it's banned in California. Center Cut Steakhouse looks nice from the outside, and we noticed that they serve a Foie Gras appetizer and have a BOGO happy hour that includes a Blueberry Mojito, so on May 22, 2014 we decided to give them a try.We arrived at 5pm and asked to be sat in a booth at the bar since we weren't getting a full meal. We were both dressed in full Steampunk regalia, complete with stylish Victorian clothing complimented by complicated gadgetry. Sure we stood out, but it's not like we were scary-looking. Anyway, our server greeted us and asked if we were staying for dinner or just having drinks. We informed him that we would like to have happy-hour drinks and an appetizer, and he said the kitchen doesn't open until 5:30. Then he said "You know how the happy hour works, right? Each one of you buys a drink and you each get a second one for free." I said "so I can't buy one and give the second drink to my girlfriend?" His response was "no." Then he actually said "I'll give you a few minutes to decide if you want to stay." Not only is that rude, but it's self-defeating. The bar was practically empty, and as a former server for over ten years, we're in it for the money, which mostly comes from tips. After waiting for nearly ten minutes for him to return with our water, I decided to ask the bartender if what the server said was true. The bartender gave me a puzzled look and said "no, you can buy one drink and give the second one to someone else." That made me really mad because it's obvious that the server didn't want to wait on us. I don't know if he was discriminating against us due to our attire (which was much better than his btw), but he was a rude, lying douchebag who shouldn't be a food server. I decided to avoid him completely, and I sure as hell didn't want to give him any money for his pathetic excuse for service, so we moved to the bar and ordered our drinks there. He took another five minutes to return to our table with our water, and I noticed that he saw that we had moved. That table wasn't seated again the entire time we were there.Any way, we moved to the bar and ordered two Blueberry Mojitos. I have to say that they were disappointing. There was hardly any blueberry flavor, mostly lime and hardly any mint. Hell, I make better ones than that at home! Some friends met us at the bar and we all ordered the Foie Gras appetizer, which was the only thing I liked at this restaurant besides the friendly bartender. The Foie Gras was rich and creamy, and it sat on a on a rich truffle bordelaise sauce beside a toast point tower filled with arugula. We all agreed that this appetizer was delicious!Nevertheless, due to the rude server and mediocre drinks, we will not be returning to Center Cut Steakhouse.
4	We just went to get the BOGO Foie Gras app during their happy hour because it's now banned in California, so stupid. It was really delicious. So tender and just melted into your mouth. It was served on a truffle bordelaise sauce with toast points and arugula. Mmmm...deloosh!!!
2	Well since Yelp asked... My experience here was poor. I are here a year ago and had an amazing meal. Could not wait to check it out when I was in Vegas last week. Same meal was way worse. My steak was dry and flavorless. It was a huge disappointment. Since there are many steak options in this city. I wouldn't chance it if I were you.
4	One of the best meals I've had. Exceptional crab cakes, ribeye, pop-overs, and an excellent wine selection. However, the service was the best part. The staff really knows how to make guests fell welcome.
3	The service was bad. I had to ask the 2 guys at the small bar for a menu and to even get acknowledged. Ugh!I ordered crab cakes which were on happy hour. They were ok and worth the happy hour priceFor my meal, I ordered a rib-eye (bone out) steak and asparagus. The steak was tender but lacked flavor. The asparagus was just ok.When I received my bill, I was charged full price for the crab cakes. I was happy to leave and probably wouldn't return. I only came because I was staying in the Flamingo. I should have went to Delmonico or something like that.
3	The food and atmosphere were both good. The price was somewhat high for pretty small portions and our waiter wasn't that great, so it was so so.
5	We had a reservation and were seated promptly.The waiter was  "Ari" the beverage "tech" (lol) was Rosaria. Both Did an outstanding job. The service could not have been better.First, Ari explained every question and offered suggestions since this was our first time in. He did NOT steer us wrong.Generally, we are not big meat eaters, so we often split an entree. It was not only no problem, they were delivered pre split. We ordered the filet. It was cooked exactly as ordered.. it was the best piece of steak we have eaten in a LONG time.  It was perfect and it was tastey...and this is coming from non meat eaters!! Hubby had the Caesar salad  and baked potato which was huge and fluffy. The salad was crisp and very good also. I had the Oscar's style asparagus with crab meat on top and bernaise sauce and that was really to die for. I could have had just that for my meal...it was perfect.  I also had the lobster Mac and cheese and it was hot and yummy and  perfectly seasoned with a hint of truffle I think. The meat came was these delicious popovers.The bread for the table was very good too.Honestly it was one of the few meals here in Vegas that was worth every penny.Again, I can't say enough about Ari and Rosaria.The whole experience was tops.
4	Service was good. Nice ambience and air didn't smell like smoke because of the casino outside. Bread was offered immediately after ordering, but additional wasn't offered. Lobster bisque was delicious, and so was the sea bass. My wagyu steak was not as tender as expected.
5	Our hotel had a Ruth's Chris, but I can get that anytime in Seattle. Birthday dinner  brought us next door to the Flamingo's Center Cut Steakhouse.  Good vibe from the get go since it wasn't so dark that we had to bring our phones out to read the menu. Started off with the Garbage Salad, which upon initial reading, I thought it said Cabbage Salad.  Who names their salad "Garbage"? How about Kitchen Sink? Everything? Oh well, they had me at hearts of palm, spring greens, kalamata olives, bleu cheese, baby heirloom tomatoes and cilantro vinaigrette.  The salad was great and I, a tomato-hater, even ate a couple of them.  I ordered the New York Oscar Style - $22 extra for a couple of King Crab legs, two asparagus spears, and Bernaise Sauce.  Definitely worth it.  The steak came with a popover, which was something I hardly ever see.  The meat was cooked perfectly and I ended up taking home half of the steak.  BF ordered the prime rib, which came with au jus - period. It was a good thing he said yes to a potato or he would have had a sorry looking dinner.  The $9 loaded baked potato looked good and was not a monster two-person potato.  The waiter brought out a complimentary birthday dessert - a chocolate coated chocolate mousse thing.  Really nice special occasion dinner for our quick Vegas getaway.
1	I had to give them a one star cause there is nothing less then one star.  A group of 9 wanted a nice last meal nothing came even warm to the table after waiting an hour to receive it.  Scallops where not even cooked, baked potatoe was cold, steak was room temperature, and after the reviews we wanted lobster mac and cheese there was no lobster in it at all and we had 3 of them.  Broccoli Raab was a few steamed frozen broccoli crowns that was sent immediate back.  They made 18% gratuity and did a lousy job I'm sitting here writing this as I'm waiting for my check because they are so slow.  Go anywhere but here, especially if you want a nice meal like we did.
4	I'll be honest, I probably would never have come here if it wasn't for the fact that my friend had a Total Rewards dining coupon, and this was one of the places to choose from. But I'm glad I did!  Despite its totally unpretentious cred (in the Flamingo, no celebrity chef, no fanfare or hoopla), this turned out to be a solid steakhouse experience with a little extra flair in the form of a unique and fabulous foodie appetizer called the bacon satay trio (photo attached, but doesn't do it justice). This is served as 6 slices of super-thick-cut bacon (about 1/4"thick!) and a roasted Jalapeno pepper on a huge rectangular block of pink Himalayan salt, with bleu cheese and spices and a pot of honey-bourbon syrup dipping sauce. FUCK, YEAH! I'm not even a big bacon fan, and this was amazing!The rest of the food was good, but nothing special: I had the garbage salad and a fully-loaded baked potato, both of which were great, but nothing you couldn't get elsewhere. My friend had a filet ($41 with Total Rewards card, $44 without), which he said was fine as well, but again, nothing you couldn't get a million other places in Vegas. We also shared a bottle of wine.Overall, despite the "nothing special"ness of the food, it was one of the best meals I've had in a LONG time! Granted, I was high at the time, so that may have had some bearing on my taste buds...but I honestly think it was the bacon appetizer that set the tone and really made the meal. That thing was REALLY good! Service was good, ambiance is sort of cruise-chip-modern -- sort of a cheapo version of the sort of chi-chi steakhouse decor you see at other more expensive Strip steakhouses. There are TVs all over the walls, which at the time of my visit were playing an NFL game, lending a definite casual vibe -- and the guests were dressed to match; flip flops, board shorts, very casual dress. But some of the TVs were also playing slideshows of old photos of Vegas, which I found pretty interesting and cool, and lent a sort of old-Vegas vibe.The one sad failure was the bread basket, which consisted of two lame soft-bread rolls of uninspired pedigree. But, since bread is poison, this could actually be looked at as a huge plus -- less carby nastiness to tempt you.Anyway, if you must have steak at the Flamingo, by all means I recommend this place. But there are bette/more interesting steakhouse experiences in town, at similar price points.What I would recommend here is just sharing appetizers at the bar -- not sure you can do this, but they have a pretty swanky lounge out front, with a better view/ambiance than the actual restaurant, and if you could sit here and have some drinks with your bacon satay, it would be a pretty cool evening.
4	Went there on a Monday evening. Not too busy. We were seated quickly. Service was excellent. They brought out a variety of warm rolls, they were delicious. If you have their players card you got a discount on the meal. We ordered the Cesar salad and 16 oz prime rib. It was cooked perfectly medium rare. The prime rib was tender and delicious. With the discount the prime rib by it self only cost 35.00 well worth the cost. Can't wait to come back to Las Vegas. Will definitely eat here again.
1	Very disappointing!!  Went there for Christmas dinner I got rack of lamb with mashed potatoes both awful, the potatoes had no flavor, and the lamb was just not good. My spouse got prime rib and that was terrible, had no flavor and very chewy. For $120 I expect excellent food, the only thing good was the salad and soup.  Don't waste you money go somewhere else!!!
3	Once in awhile we like to treat eachother to a yummy, fancy and pricey dinner. We all wanted to steak so since we were staying at the flamingo we just wanted to go somewhere nice here. Service was fast and great. The meats are all grassfed. I had the rib eye and LIKED it.....there were lotsOf fatty parts that I didn't appreciate much. And the crispy (soggy) onion strings they put on top was not necessary. They just should of topped it with someSort of herbed butter but oh well. The bread actually tastes stale.  But the Prime rib melted in your mouth like butter, husband had scallops and beef medallions that was probably THE best meal of the table. As for sides, everything is orders a la carte which is perfectly fine..And we knew it. Best side that was ordered was the truffle macaroni and cheese. BEST Mac and cheese I've ever had. Flavors are on point and it was just so silky and pleasant to eat. Broccolini was just Broccolini, mashed potatoes were good, asparagus was perfectly cooked. Then I ordered the potato gratin... Which was pretty bland. But cooked well.Service was excellent. They were on point with making sure our waters were filled, super friendly. Manager came to see how everything was. Not sure if it because we were diamond members... Just because I saw other reviewers saying the service sucked. Service was great. Food was eh.It was ok
1	DO NOT DINE HERE. THEY'LL TREAT YOU LIKE YOURE A MINORITY AND THE FOOD IS TERRIBLE. Dined at this establishment on Saturday night with my girlfriend for her birthday. The ambience is nice and cozy. Actually a bit too warm to dine comfortably. We had just flown in from Philadelphia and were pretty tired excited for a grand dinner. My gf got the Chilean seabass which tasted pretty bland. Could have used some salt, maybe a splash of citrus might help liven the dish. Fish was definitely over cooked. Seabass is supposed to be juicy and flaky when hit with a fork not dry and crumbly. For me, I ordered a boneless ribeye medium rare which came out well done. It was sent back and I received a new steak after I had lost my appetite. Again the food was very bland. Steaks are supposed to be flavorful. Heck, my steak fries was the best thing about dinner. Service. My oh my. Our server spoke down to us the entire time as if we were second class citizens. You usually pay the extra money in an expensive steak house to experience importance and most of all some fun while being served. The way our server spoke to us made it apparent that he did not want us there and made us feel very uncomfortable. His tone of voice was very agitated towards us. Meanwhile he would grovel at the feet of other clients. Perhaps because we looked young and he did not respect our age. This by far was worst experience I have ever had. I'll end on a good note. Our water server Anthony was by far the friendliest person there. He knew what it meant to be human and how to talked normally and respectfully to people. In fact he felt really bad for how we were treated and tried to console us in the end before we left.
2	I went on 28th of December 2014. Everything is Okay except the STEAK. It was not the good steak I expected. I love steak and been to many steakhouses but this place is clearly overpriced. I liked oysters though.
3	Dry steaks, service was fine, decent wine list, I expected more. My ribeye was about 60% fat and gristle, disappointed and the filet was less than awesome. Deserts were ok, nothing special. Price felt high for what we received, I won't go back.
