5	I lost my mind in here last night.  I don't think you understand what its like to live your whole life with no Nordstrom, to hear your friends talk about how great it is, to be able to use the website but never go to the store.  When I finally did, I was like a kid in a candy store.  My husband had to drag me out of the store.Its great because it has something in every price point.  There are so many designers there that I often buy online or at small boutiques (Ella Moss, Trina Turk )  The shoe department is unreal.  I've never been a big department store shopper but this is much different than your regular Macys.  Its well laid out and spacious, its not just a ton of racks crammed together.  The Anniversary Sale is right around the corner and I cannot wait.
2	The problem with Nordstroms is you spend $$ for a nice shirt/pant/jeans and see 18 other people wearing the exact same thing in a span over the next 14 days. I prefer spending my money at places where things aren't mass "over"produced and expensive. For quality of the product to price, I would say Nordstroms is extremely poor.If you think Nordstroms men's or woman's shoe selection is the largest ever...than you surely haven't been to LA, San Francisco, Miami, NYC or Chicago. By the way, why are 1/2 the women shoes made of patent leather? I guess if you're a stripper, it's right up your alley.
3	I don't like it when department stores toy with my self-esteem, but trying to shop here makes me feel like the frumpy girl all alone at the prom. Particularly in the women's clothing department on the second floor with all the expensive jeans. Seriously, what does it take to get one of those bitches to help you? Wave a Gold Card in front of their faces?I find the same problem in the shoe department. Great selection of shoes, too many snooty male employees with carefully disheveled haircuts.My sister works at Clinique so I will venture in only to take advantage of the discount I get on makeup, other than that I stay away.
3	All male employees are required to have the spiky, messy, moussey hair look in order to keep their jobs. Apparently. It kills me. It's like attack of the retail clones. And the men's department isn't much more inventive. It's like the Greg Norman collection threw up all over. Kinda like dad golfing clothes meets 18 different kinds of various polo style shirts. Now, the men's shoe department....when they have sales....is toe tappin' fun. Great shoes and great deals. Consciously disheveled hair man (with the funny mustache) is the most helpful. Love the piano playin, especially around the holidays. Very New York. But the men's department? I have better luck at Macy's.
5	I love this store, when I was younger and went to California this is the place I had to go to shop they always had the best shoes and clothes, I was sooo happy when they finaly decided to open a Nordstrom Store in Scottsdale.  I buy everything from Nordstrom clothes, shoes, makeup, sunglasses.
5	Okay, so I have a little bit of bias towards Nordstrom.  I freaking love Nordstrom!  The store is always clean, and the staff are always friendly.  I have never had such good service anywhere else.  I especially love that Nordstrom will return or exchange an item with no questions asked.Aside from the service, the selection is very nice.  I always go during the half yearly sale, so that I can get some good deals on my designer duds!I am big on shoes and the selection is very good.  They always have some cool shoes that I can't seem to live without.  Also, the staff in the shoe department are very good on helping to make suggestions when I am not sure what I want.If you go, go in June or  January when the sales are great!  Make sure you check out the shoes!
5	You know how most stores have forgotten what customer service means? The employees look at you like you are interrupting their very important gossip session if you dare to ask for help finding an item? Or worse yet, you send an email to a company and never get a response. Ever.Nordstrom's in Scottsdale is a breath of fresh air that just goes beyond what you even remember about customer service back when it used to be important.I ordered something that was on sale online from Nordstrom's that was listed as in stock in the Chandler location, which is closest to me. No shipping fees? Awesome! I paid for it and planned to pick it up a few days later when it was convenient since they said on the website that it should be ready within 24 hours. So imagine my surprise when 3 1/2 days later I get a message from some weenie in the Chandler store that says ooops, sorry, but my item is actually NOT in stock there, but it is in Scottsdale if I want to hike the 20 miles or so up there to get it. But she is canceling my order and refunding my credit card. So I get online to check and see what the availability is of this item, and lo and behold, it is no longer on sale! So I am really peeved. I dash off a really nasty email to Nordstrom's explaining the incident and why I will NEVER shop there again if this is how they treat their customers! I really expect the email to go into a black hole and never hear from a real live person, or at least not one that resides in the U.S. Wrong. Within a couple of hours, I receive an email response from a Nordstrom's manager in Scottsdale! She apologizes for the problem and asks for more details. Then she calls me. They have the item that I wanted in stock and will give it to me for the sale price. Where do I live? Could they bring it by this evening around 5:30 pm? WHAT??? Did I hear her correctly? A Nordstrom's employee is going to drive to my house and hand deliver my purchase. My $38 purchase, not a $400 purchase. Why yes, that would be lovely to have the item delivered and 5:30 pm would be convenient for me. HOLY CRAP! Wait till I tell my husband about this! So right on time, this poor lady who drove at least an hour from Scottsdale to my house, knocks on my door with my Nordstrom's bag (tissue paper and all) and the receipt, making sure that I double checked the item and that it was exactly what I wanted. She is so cheerful and polite that you would think that she had just walked across the street rather than driving across town during rush hour! Bless her heart.So while I will probably not be getting up to Scottsdale any time soon, I have the HIGHEST regard for Nordstrom's in Scottsdale and their employees, and the manager, Nancy. In fact I emailed her and told her so. And she emailed me back to thank me.
4	The men who work in the women's shoe department are awesome...and the whole "we'll order your size and deliver it to your house for free" thing is great.
5	Hands down the best department store.They are the epitome of true customer service. I always have a pleasant experience whenever I shop there, even if I don't purchase anything.Alan, who helps me out in my section (The Rail), is just fantastic. Knows exactly what I likes and will call me whenever new stuff comes in.And their sales are ALWAYS fabulous.
4	While I am generally a fan of Nordstrom's, the clothing selection at our local branch, for both men and women, has left me thoroughly underwhelmed. The choices tend to be a bit older and more conservative. I may be a lawyer, but good God I do not want to dress like one all the time. However, if you need a polo shirt, this is your place. That said, the shoe dept. is amazing. They have a full range of sizes and will order it for you if they do not have it in your size for free. I have child-sized feet, so this is super helpful as Nordstroms is often the only place I can find shoes in my size that do not prominently feature cartoon characters. I lurve me some hot shoes, and this place always has them. The beauty dept is also pretty great. Heaven for a make-up queen like me! Nordstrom carries lots of brands, including some smaller beauty brands that are harder to find. The MAC counter here is the best in town - the staff are friendly and helpful. Though I am an ardent MAC girl, I often find myself standing in their branded stores unable to get anyone's attention...Not so at the Nordstrom's MAC counter. They also have a large fragrance section, though it lacks the depth one would hope for and mainly deals in major designer brands. Finally, Nordstroms does have a really cool service tied to their website that is worth mentioning. If you find something on their website you can check to see if it is available in store. If it is, you can buy it online and pick it up in the store, totally avoiding shipping costs. This is a great feature for last minute gifts and can save a ton of time and legwork...which may be important b/c those beautiful shoes are not always made for walking...
1	I used to think this place was amazing till I tried Nordstroms in the bay area. Customer service here is very judgmental. I was actually asked if I was just looking or was actually going to buy something. I walked right out. I wanted to return something once and was told I did not have a receipt, never had that problem anywhere else. You will get great customer service if you dress like a Scottsdale snob flashing your money worse than Rodeo Drive. Otherwise, expect to be shunned. They take advantage since they are the only Nordstroms in Arizona and Scottsdale is just a wanna be Rodeo Drive with not as much money or class, and worse plastic surgery.
5	If I could only shop at Nordstrom I would. Nordstrom should teach other places how customers should be treated.favorite random surprisingly unknown fact about Nordys: they price match. shop dillard's macy's even ROSS, if Nordstrom has the exact same item but it has not yet been reduced, they will give it to you at that price no questions asked. so you can get the nordstrom service with the prices of Ross and without having to deal with Dillard's crap return almost non-existent return policy and customer service. also, i recommend continuously shopping with the same associate, loyalty pays off- promise! :)and don't even try to buy a bra anywhere other than nordstrom, waste of your time and money! have a girl measure you, sit down and play tetris on your phone like I do and she will bring you the best bras that you swear were designed for you.
4	I've gotta say, Nordy's (as my aunt refers to Nordstom since it's her favorite department store ever) is always a safe bet if you're looking for quality selection, customer service, and a very pleasant shopping experience.  Whether you're looking for shoes, lingerie, cosmetics, apparel, etc... you'll likely find it at Nordy's.I'll have to take Samantha O's and Julia T's advice and remember to go to Nordstom's next time I need a new bra.In the meantime, I've gotten lucky with shoes, all kinds of clothes, accessories, and perfume.  This weekend is a big sale.  I ran in earlier to return something and walked out with a new pair of shoes.  Oops.  Take that as a warning, Nordstrom can be dangerous for shop-a-holics.The only times I have not gotten lucky at Nordstrom are when I've been on a mission for something specific - such as Converse Sneakers in Jared's size 7 or a certain shirt or bathing suit in my size.  But I'll overlook these times and return again and again... Keep up the good customer service and selection, Nordy's - and I'll be a customer for life.
4	I am quickly spending more than I make, with a lot of that money going to Nordstrom.  I find myself there looking at something in the Mens department, The Rail, and I will pick it up, hold it for a bit, and then I buy it without much more thought.  I will agree that their inventory can sometimes be lacking a bit.  They do carry Diesel jeans, which are quickly filling up my closet.  The bonus, if you can call it that, is that my Nordstrom card has a $4K limit.  So instant gratification with delayed pain always makes me happy.  I have always had great service here, without too much pressure, as the sales people do get a bit of a commission.  I am in for it when the Nordstrom at City North opens next year.  Hopefully i will not be living near it by then, for my wallets sake anyway.
2	Nordstrom the brand gets five stars, but this location's selection and organization is sad enough to knock it down to a two.  When in Scottsdale, might as well go to Nordstrom Rack.Let me say that my previous Nordstrom is a marvelously organized HUGE expanse of shopping with shoe sections that would fill up the entire downstairs of this one.  The clothes are beautifully arranged with niches designed more like fashion show rooms than department store space.No attention has been given to this Nordstrom in terms of layout, which causes a circling pattern in a small space.  The clothes aren't awful, but as other reviewers have said, there is not as much variety as I have seen at other Nordstroms.I usually rate highly based on the service & availability in the shoe department.  Other than salon shoes, I only saw one or two pairs of cute shoes, which was a huge disappointment, so I didn't even bother to test the customer service in the department.Scottsdale marks the only time I actually have walked THROUGH Nordstrom to get to the mall.  The makeup department is still great, but the store size ruins the entire experience.
5	Shoe department only:If you are going to women's shoes, go see Clint.You won't be sad.Clint knows:How to fit big feet (ahem, my friend Kari)How to find other shoes you might like and just brings them!How to find shoes he doesn't have in stockHow different brands FIT and makes recos based on thatHe actually recommends the shoes that he knows you'll love for a long time...which might be cheaper.  Basically, Clint is the Best Shoe Guy Ever.  I've been to a LOT of Nordstrom shoe departments and Clint takes the cake.  I wish he was around at my local Nordstrom.
4	Its that time of year again.. Time for the fall jean buying spree.. This year.. Ive gone up about half a size which warrants a size.. OUCH.. stop yelping restaurants I need to tell myself.. Because my 27s now became 28s! Loreena was a dream.. she brought me umpteen pairs of Rock& Republics.. Joes Jeans.. Hudsons.. and I even had them altered and ready to wear to my cocktail party in an hour.. thats just Nordies well known service!
5	I have to give huge kudos to the Nordstrom Department Store.  I have rarely ever gone in there before, but one of my daughters wanted a particular leather jacket for Christmas.  I went to the store itself, but they did not have this particular jacket in the store, so the clerk "cheerfully" looked it up for me online and ordered it for me.  She gave me all the information I needed and this was in a very timely manner by the way.  Christmas came and my daughter opened her gift and the jacket did not fit.  Of course I kept my receipt, so we took it back to the same Nordstrom store that I got it from and told them we needed to return it and order the jacket one size larger.  Again, the clerk did this transaction within five minutes "cheerfully" and it was taken care of.  This was a different clerk too.  As of today, my daughter had not received the jacket yet and was concerned, so since I still have the receipt, I called Nordstrom and spoke with Customer Service.  The person I spoke with actually made my day and made me "Happy".  She was so sweet and I gave her all the information from my receipt and she actually tracked the jacket for me.  According to her, it's in transit at this time and my daughter should receive the jacket tomorrow.  I swear, I am sitting here smiling because this girl actually had class, a brain, and was a sweetheart.  Yeah for my evening :-)
4	Okay, I've read all the reviews.  I know the Scottsdale Nordstrom well.  If you are going to buy a bra anywhere, please do yourself a favor and get one of their professional bra fitters to measure you, They put you in a bra that will actually fit you.  You will never buy another bra again without consulting a professional fitter.  For the shoes, Try to find to better shoe selection any were in the Phx, Scottsdale area. In 20years I have never had a bad experience with rude sales people in the shoe department.  When it comes to makeup, try MAC, you will LOVE the lipstick.  The only guy to trust is the lovely and very sweet Mike!  Mike will start you off with great lips, and within weeks, without any pressure, you will be transformed into a more beautiful you, all with the sweet, loving and attentive Mike.  No pressure from Mike.  You have to tell him what YOU want!  He is just that great!  When it comes to the clothing departments, I will admit that  I too am a little disappointed.  The array of clothing choices that should be available just aren't.  Sort of same old same same old from one department to the next.  I would like to see Nordstrom think outside the box a little more.  For shoes, Bra's and MAC make-up with Mike ONLY give it a go!
1	Was just completely ignored for fifteen minutes at the men's sunglasses case. Not impressed. I'll go someplace else with my impulse shopping.
4	Gah I hate this place. Such cute clothes, shoes, and purses. We went in about an hour before they closed today and were treated warmly and with respect. They grabbed the stuff we were carrying a set up a room for us, which I really appreciate. The ladies in the women's department and the teen's department were all very friendly and helpful. I would give them five stars but I didn't enjoy how I was treated in the handbag department. I felt like all they wanted was to get me to buy something instead of genuinely wanting to help me. Besides that I was happy with this location overall, and I look forward to spending huge amounts of cash here in the future. My apologies in advance to my wallet.
4	Nordstroms is the capital of retail service.  I first visited on Veteran's day as I was looking for a Stephen Webster ring I found on the Neimas Marcus website and figured I would try Nordstrom and see if they had any comparable man jewelry.  I ended up strolling past the Emporio Armani watches and found a lonely one that was screaming for me to take another look.  BTW-It was packed this particular in this department.  I really liked the watch but extended the minimum 24 hour wait to see if you really want it rule.  The sales associate kindly gave me the style, and price information for reference.  After 48 hours I decided I really wanted it and Stephen Webster would have to wait.  I went in and first thing, the sales associate in the department complimented my shoes.  Ok, hook was definitely sunk in.  She said that was the first thing she noticed, and then complimented the watch and it's unique styling.  I really felt the spotlight was on me the customer as it wasn't the usually schmooping you get at the Target check out.  She boxed it up, asked me where I got my shoes and I was on my way, watch in tow.  Normally, I look for friends and family sales for Armani watches at Macy's but they did not have this style.  Thanks Nordstrom, for helping me with my touch of distinct and unique style.
3	I'm increasing the rating for this location because I've found an amazing salesperson in the dress department.  The men's department has been an enormous help with shopping quickly for my husband's items.I still think the saleswomen on the second floor could use some training in tact and listening (as in, if I say I don't want sleeveless, stop trying to change my mind with 6 sleeveless options and find what I want), but alas, I have been spoiled by the Houston Galleria staff, who are, after all, amazing.All in all, I increased the rating, but at the end of the day, I go to Nordstrom to shop for myself, and if the saleswomen in that section are below par, it just ruins the quality and image of the store overall.
5	Went to the Chandler store and Susie in the childrens shoe department was a huge help this is the second time she has helped us.  She knows her product and customers so well.  We will wait for her next time my little guy needs new shoes.  Great job team Nordstroms:)
5	This review is specifically for the Nordstrom bridal department. I recently became engaged and have been casually searching for a wedding dress. I went to a trunk show back home in DC at Nicole Miller and decided I wanted a Nicole Miller dress. After searching the greater phoenix area I found it at Nordstrom. I went to several boutiques some nice some not so much and let me say that Deb in the Bridal salon was bay far the most professional and attentive. You would have thought the dress I was buying was $35,000. I went home to think about it and decided to call and order the dress. The Bridal department at Nordstrom is the same as any other part of Nordstrom and you can return the dress if you change your mind (un altered). I am getting married in Las Vegas next May and Deb let me know that they could ship it to Las Vegas for me and have it steamed there. ! I am really happy with my decision to go with Nordstrom. My best friend and maid of honor is coming into town at the end of April and Deb insisted we come in just to take a look for dresses for her. Nordstrom can be your one stop bridal shop. I plan to get the reception dress and accessories (Lot's of accessories) there too!UPDATE:!So I ended up returning the dress but still was treated so kind!
5	I can't say enough good things about this place! The shoe department is my favorite department followed by tbd. I didn't think I could love a store as much as I loved Marshall Field's in Chicago! In fact I had to have a moment of silence when Marshall Field's closed! However, Nordstrom's is a close second! Also, Fashion Square Mall rocks!
4	I'm glad that great customer service can still be experienced at a Nordstrom. Sadly, this one is about 800 miles away from where I live.I expected the Scottsdale Nordstrom to be as or more upity than my neighboorhood Cherry Creek spot, but was plensantly surprised. The customer service was great, and when my helper had to transfer to a another customer that arrived before me, he made sure that I was covered by someone else. Nice.When I go to Nordstrom, I don't expect great prices, but do expect good quality and great customer service. The Scottsdale employees got it right.
5	I am obsessed with this store and I always will be...theyhave fabulous clothes, accessories and shoes!  I enjoy this place because it is like heaven on earth...the shoe area is very impressive and I love their personal shoppers they are amazing!  Actually, all the people that work there will act as if they are your personal shopper and will give you one on one attention if you need it...if you do not they will not be overly pushy to get commission...I love the areas they have my favorites are Savvy, TBD, BP and the shoe areas (designer and BP)...you can find everything here...they have a delicious cafe that I also have a review for...I also like their MAC and Chanel counters...I have gotten my boyfriend and dad items here...they have a great men's area with something for every man...they have something for every woman too...the kids area is soooooooo cute and I love looking through all the little kids shoes...I am glad that I have a boy because little girls clothes are too cute and they are not very cheap and they grow out of everything...haha...The lingerie area is nice too and have a wonderful selection and they women in the area will help you find any thing you need...the store itself is impressive...I will be a loyal Nordstrom shopper for my entire life...they have more affordabe clothing in the POV and BP areas...all the merchandise is quality though!  I would live here if I could!
5	I'm definitely a fan of Nordstrom's.... just left their Anniversary sale a happy girl! I scored some great sales, and remembered several people I needed to get gifts for ....and with my Nordstrom's card I got double points. (So that's like a gift to me.... :)I like that this Nordstrom's has a Spa too. (I have yet to use, but one of my friend's has said the massages here are awesome.) But it's nice I have that option. Maybe I should get one today, cause then I get double points. Hmmm....
2	What time is it?Thank goodness I didn't have to actually ask an employee here, because I woulda been S-O-L.  I spent a total of about 30 minutes waiting for help with their made-to-measure shirts program.  That's how long it took me to find someone who felt like taking time away from their busy work or taking story to other employees to give me the time of day...which never happened, so I just lost my patience and gave up.What time is it?  Here's a hint: time to train ALL of your employees on customer service.  Or maybe that's just a waste of time.
4	As a native westcoaster I've been shopping at Nordstrom for many years.  This store is quite nice and I like the section in the men's department with the more hip clothes like 7 Diamonds.
5	Tiffany @ the chanel counter. Tana in the lingerie department. these are my go-to girls for everything. i bring all of my purchases to them bc they are THAT much better than everyone else. except shoes because the shoe people know how to work that confusing back shoe room. but everything else: make up, accessories, clothes....all to one of these girls. i recommend you only work with them as well :)
5	I have a shopping problem. By that I mean I will gravitate to the most extravagant thing in the room/section/department/store/mall... whatever. I have a shopping problem. That being said there are a few things that I love and have accepted that will not change about me in the future without some sort of catastrophic or supernatural intervention. 1) The lovely gentleman, Walter Santiago, in the shoe department at this Nordy's will be able to retire early based on his sales to me alone. The man glanced at my feet, shod with shabby old shoes and definitively stated my size (correctly I might add). He then advised me against even trying one pair I was considering because he said their construction would not work well with my instep. Of course I ignored him because they were adorable, but when he brought them out he was right. They felt like anvils that had glass shard straps. Lesson one from Walter: if it doesn't feel fabulous... don't buy it! Luckily this guy knows his stuff. Having the foresight that I would not be able to wear those toe torturing tools for more than 1 minute, he brought me 2 other similar choices, that because of their styling, would work on my feet. Not only that, they were styles that I hadn't even noticed amongst the bazillion shoes they have available, one was cheaper than my original selection, and it was so cute that it actually made me clap my hands in delight when I got them on. Lesson two from Walter: if you don't love it... don't buy it! And so my relationship with Walter began as a love story and continues to grow. There are many other lessons, but you can find out for yourself. Just ask for him when you get to shoes and he will make you feel like you are the only one that matters. From boots, to ballet flats, reasonably priced to extravagant, the man has changed my life. Well at least the life of my feet. : ) 2) There are so many other wonderful things about this store that I never would have known, had it not been for a friend that dragged me there (literally) a few years ago. The prices can actually be affordable. Their sales are amazing. Their service (web, return, etc.) is unmatched. The bra department has given my girls new lift. The live music makes me want to linger. They Valet. They hold your bags while you shop. I literally put the private sales in my calender so I don't miss them. I am already starting to vibrate with anticipation at the upcoming annual holiday party night. Well, I could just go on but you get the point. If you are going to shop, try it. My feet and my girls are pretty sure you will like it.
4	My best experience in the many times I've been to this Nordstrom was recently with the ladies at the purse counter.Typically I feel like most people who works retail in Scottsdale feels like they're entitled to be dickheads. These women proved me wrong-- in just a matter of minutes, I felt they were honestly helping me find the right bag for me, not up selling, and even encouraged me to order the one I wanted versus caving for one I wasn't quite sold on. They made personalized conversation and seemed genuinely happy to help. Wish I could say the same for everyone else I see at Nordstrom.
4	Nordstrom gets four stars because at least we have one! I remember the days when Arizona didn't have a Nordy's and let me tell you, those were some sad days. So for that I am grateful that Nordy's is here and close to where I live. This isn't the biggest or the coolest Nordstrom out there, but at the same time, Scottsdale can't really compare to an SF, NYC or Chicago which is why the Nordstrom here is the way it is. It has everything you need - great shoes, makeup, purses and clothes, but at a smaller scale then some of the larger metro ones. I love their purse department and especially since they added the high-end purses. Yes, it is more of a window shopping delicacy for me, but I still love it. The cafe is also delicious and a perfect place for a light bite after or during shopping.
5	I've been an avid Nordstrom shopper for many years and was disappointed when we moved to a state with only two Nordstrom stores. After getting over the fact that there were no longer 4 Nordstroms within 20 miles of my house, I ventured to the Fashion Square location. Thank goodness it is one of the best Nordstroms I have ever been to!I typically shop in the women's shoes, point of view, t.b.d, active, and juniors sections. The staff at this store really take the time to explain their products and offer valuable style advice. The girls in the point of view section recognize me each time and remember the brands I like. I've used the tailoring service at this location (free if you buy a full-priced item) and was very satisfied with the results. I also have the business cards to two people from the shoe department who offered to set up appointments and pull shoes for me before I even come to the store. It's that kind of supreme customer service that makes Nordstrom unique.Sometimes I like to shop without interference. I find the associates to be less pushy than some of the other Nordys I'm used to in California (of course, it varies by department). Also, the shoe department is kept very clean even during the busy anniversary sale.Parking is pretty smooth. The lot next door connects to the store on multiple levels and it usually doesn't take longer than 5 minutes to find a spot.
5	I have so much appreciation for the shopping experience that Nordstrom provides.  I showed up right as they opened on Saturday, in a mad rush.  I, being the procrastinator that I am, needed to find the perfect pair of shoes in a hurry.  I walked in, found Christopher (or was it Michael?) and explained that I had no time to browse.  I gave him some preferences (size, price, style, color, etc.) and he was off in a hurry.  Less than five minutes later he returned with a mound of shoes for me to try.  He brought lots that met all of my parameters, but he also brought a few others that he thought I might like.  I tried every pair he brought out and, much to my surprise, I ended up loving one of the pairs that I would never have chosen for myself.  He rang up my purchase and I was on my way.I checked my watch and I had only spent 15 minutes in the shoe department!  I had budgeted an hour for my trip so I decided to run upstairs and see if I would hit the jackpot twice in one day.  I ran through the dresses, hurdling racks at record speeds.  A lovely associate, whose name escapes me, saw that I was in a hurry and offered to start a room for me.  I obliged, and continued rummaging racks for THE dress.  When all was said and done, I had nine dresses waiting for me in my dressing room.  I started marathon dressing and was checked up on continually.  I was delivered alternate sizes, honest opinions and good conversation by the associate.  She was awesome!  Together we found just the right dress for the occasion.I left feeling like I had struck gold.  In the end, Nordstrom kept every last drop of that gold, but was it worth it?  Hell yes!
5	Nordstrom razzle dazzle boom, your customer service sends me sailing away on a Mediterranean dream seas.  I purchased an Armani watch over a year ago.  I kept the receipt, I know, smart right?  Well to my dismay the movement died on it.  Fast fix wanted to charge $65 and so I thought I would give it a shot to return it for store credit.  The mens watch service associate without hesitation offered to send it for warranty repair service since they didn't carry the model anymore.  I was tickled beyond belief.  She explained the wait time, and best of all no charge.  Thanks Nordstrom, you did it again.
3	I love Nordstrom, I do. But they are falling a few (large) steps back. I have a policy never to Yelp about any place of business unless I have had a bad experience regarding the same issue multiple times. You must allow for mistakes once in a while due to employee issues, etc. However, repeat offenses are worthy of a note so here goes...I can only speak for Arizona as my experiences are primarily Scottsdale and Chandler, however, I have noticed that Nordstrom has taken a serious step back in service. It's not that they are not pleasant and extremely helpful, I believe this is much more of a CORPORATE issue. Hopefully, someone up there will get the message.My question is--Why oh why are you always out of everything? You spend an enormous amount of energy, marketing budget and paper on sending out your wonderfully luxurious catalogs which I promptly covet right to my closest store. But, alas, only to find out the product I am longing for is gone. Mind you not once or twice but generally this happens with each and every visit (and I shop often). Oh, and by the way, taunting us with fabulous shoes which you only stock 1 or 2 sizes in (6.5 and 7--by the way the most common shoe size) is simply silly. Do you realize how many people live in the Phoenix Metropolitan area? I believe they really want us to SHOP ONLINE rather than to go to the store. But, let's face it. Instant gratification has a lot of power Nordstrom, and you are disappointing in a big way. To hear (over and over mind you), I am sorry but we are out of that size when the shoe is a new item is just silly. Especially when the sales staff tells me why--that they only received one. Really?This is a big brand no-no. It's called...a disappointed customer. Nordstrom, customer service goes far deeper than having nice sales staff with great policy. You just shouldn't tease a girl. It's evil.
2	I love Nordstrom, let me start off my saying that.  But the last few times I have been there, going back to the holiday season, the service has left little to be desired.  I worked for about 3 years in retail at this very same mall and I was told when I first started to never judge a book by its cover in Scottsdale because the people you perceive as not having money probably have more money than god.  When I go into a department store I want to be treated nicely, to ask if I need anything but I have received none of that when I come into this store.This time I was in the shoe department wanting to buy a pair of shoes.  There were several people around trying on shoes and whatnot.  It seemed like there were a lot of workers there too so I was wondering around looking and never once did anyone ask if I was ok or needed anything.  I found what I wanted, picked up the shoe and stood there for a bit waiting to see if anyone would come and help me.  Nothing!  So I walked to the middle of the floor and stood some more and tried to get someone's attention.  I knew what I wanted, knew the size so it would take any more than someone to run back to get the shoes.  I finally caught someone's attention and asked if he could help me...he looked at me said "Um, I guess there is no one else around" grabbed the shoe from me and said "what size?"  I told  him what size I needed and as he walked away he motioned to his other customer that he had to go get my shoe and kind of shrugged.  I sat there for 30 seconds, got up and left.  I felt so annoyed and disrespected as a customer that no matter how much I wanted those shoes I would rather buy online if I have too.  Nordstrom this has been a trend for you.  I often shop at The Rail in your store and the people there are snobby and rude.  If you are selling high end stuff maybe you should start hiring high end people and not people who think they are above anyone because the "basic" customer is your repeat customer who will probably end up spending more money with you over the course of a year than the one time shopper!
4	The lady at Nordstrom in CA was new and had a hard time adjusting the links on my Michael Kors watch when I purchased it. A Couple of months later the link gave out, so I took it into the Nordstrom here. All they needed was my tag and they gave me a brand new watch! I was amazed at how simple it was. I was so happy because the rose gold plating was rubbing off and the watch face was scratched--and I got a brand new one! SCORE!
4	I should preface this review by stating I am forever a Nordstrom customer. I grew up shopping predominantly at this department store -- exceptions for Saks and Neimans -- and since I grew up in Seattle I grew accustomed to the epitome of customer service at Nordstrom. This Nordstrom is great but the customer service at times can be lacking. That in no way implies poor or even mediocre customer service, but from shopping at the Nordstrom in Seattle or even in Bellevue, the Scottsdale Fashion Square Nordstrom can be a little snobby. Though it just might be the difference in culture. I like to shop in casual attire: yoga pants, yoga sweatshirt, flip flops. I don't look sloppy -- never anything baggy or worn out and my yoga gear is quite expensive -- but I find that at this Nordstrom I need to forgo my yoga pants to receive better service. That is a detail I would expect to find at Saks or Neimans, I would never walk into Saks in yoga wear. "Better" service is also relative. Only a few occasions have I felt I received poor service and that was during an especially busy time when the store was in the process of a massive remodel. This Nordstrom is fairly large: 3 stories and a FANTASTIC shoe department. The men's section is better than other stores but still lacking. My boyfriend has trouble finding stuff he likes because tend to carry the exact same stuff for months at a time. Also, the men's section is a bit too trendy for me. Wait too much emphasis on the "Scottsdale" look. However, most of the gems in my boyfriend's closet are from Nordstrom. Great jean selection but go elsewhere for men's shoes (check Hugo Boss).The beauty and fragrance sections are wonderful but beware the MAC counter -- always insane. One thing I dislike about browsing the beauty counters at Nordstrom and perhaps anywhere is the hard sell. I never really feel comfortable just perusing the products. However, I do recognize that makeup has a really high return rate so I get the need for the retail push. My favorite section is Activewear. I tend to be more causal most of the week since I'm a freelancer and I love their selection of comfy yet super stylish yoga and workout gear, plus they have their in-store brand called Zella which is like Lululemon but with a better variety of sizes. (You never want to stuff yourself into yoga pants a size too small...)As usual, there are no pushy sales reps at Nordstrom. They ask you if you need help and then let you browse if you say no. Even today -- I was considering a new wallet and the associate was helpful but left me alone for 10-15 minutes while I contemplated my purchase. I love that about Nordstrom, I never feel pressure to buy anything. Ohhh I almost forgot to mention the cafe. Yum! I love Nordstrom Cafes and the service and selection is delicious. I absolutely love their salmon cesar salad with an iced tea. There is also a coffee bar on the first floor and an AMAZING sunglass department next door. I found my one and only Chanel shades here after swearing for years I'd never drop major money on sunglasses. All in all: Nordstrom never fails to impress with service or style. I prefer Nordstrom over Saks or Neimans -- just a more comfortable experience.
5	...the customer service alone gets 5 stars, but when you factor in the semi-annual sales it is more like 6.  Having been to a number of Nordstrom's in multiple cities I'd put this particular location on the same level as those in San Francisco (without the assinine traffic to contend with) and Seattle and only a notch below the best of the best in Chicago.  Living in a city with a Nordstrom and a Nordstrom Rack is going to be a daily exercise in resisting temptation.
4	This update is for one department in particular at Nordstrom: the Mac department. I have always wanted to find a go-to makeup girl and I found one! Her name is Leslie and she has now done by eyes twice and helped me pick out some great shades of shadows for making my eyes pretty. She's friendly, fun, spunky and incredibly talented with her makeup brushes! If you need your makeup done or a consultation on some products to purchase, find Leslie.
4	This is a great Nordy's. Not huge and doesn't compare with the Seattle or Bellevue stores, but respectable. The men's dept has a reasonable selection and a great Canali area. Service is great but hard to find. Small home store selection is a great add.
5	What the?! I had to travel to Phoenix, AZ to see the most stunning Nordstrom in the US? But I come from Seattle where Nordstrom originated! And while the Seattle Nordstrom is great, this one blew my mind. I came shopping with a few gal pals and neither of us walked out without having spent at least $200 on something we didn't need. Killing time at the mall before meeting up for a work summit, we had a blast trying on shoes, sifting through bikini racks and checking out everything the store had to offer. When I was making a purchase at one of the counters the saleswoman commented on how they were currently in the final phases of a major overhaul. Noticing how lovely the layout was and how each section at Nordstrom looked like its own boutique, she mentioned that it was all brand new. Feeling jealous I told her, "But I come from the land of Nordstrom and our isn't even this nice!" With a big smile she handed me my bag and suggested I check out the shoe section. So I did. And I got stuck there at least another hour. I was so overwhelmed by this store and how awesome the layout was. It wasn't as crowded as the Seattle Nordstrom and everyone working there was extremely attentive and friendly. If I'm back in Scottsdale/Phoenix again, I'll make sure to pop by and do a quick shop here.
5	Nordstrom is simply the best department store.  Hands down.  I frequent Nordstrom's, Nordstrom's Rack and Nordstrom's Last Chance.  They just know how to do customer service and make you feel so good.  I actually just bought my wedding dress here! My bridesmaids bought their dresses at Nordstrom because I did NOT want matchy matchy and they also had a great experience.  They told me Nordstrom sold wedding gowns and so I thought I would try it out after about two dozen bridal boutiques.  I worked with a wonderful woman named Gaye who was simply a blessing.  Ask for her! You'll want to invite her to your wedding she's so great.  I finally said Yes to the dress! :)
5	I have nothing bad to say about Nordstrom ESPECIALLY the one in Fashion Square Scottsdale. They always have the best customer service and friendly staff!I love the great finds here, even in the Juniors section for us small girls/ladies!The only thing is that I wish their "high-end" shoe department sold more high-end shoes, common Louboutins!!!
3	If there's one thing Nordstrom does best, it's shoes! I am someone who doesn't shop that often, but when I do, it's with unadulterated abandonment! As a mother of three, I spend most of my resources on providing a nice life for my children, but when Mama has an afternoon to herself, you can be sure that it will be to the fullest extent of the law and the credit card.I took a taxi to Nordstrom from my hotel with the intention of buying myself some new shoes, ready to spend some money. The irony is that I got very little service and this was a huge turnoff. I wanted to pull the salesmen who were milling around into a huddle and yell "When you see a customer, you ASK them if they need help! They shouldn't have to stand there like an idiot trying to flag you down."I finally found someone to help me and he brought out all the different sizes of shoes I requested. He then left to go ring up another customer and basically left me waiting for him... again. Although he was a surly fellow, I do have to say that he did do me the good deed of getting a box of shoes shipped to my house because they didn't have my size in stock. After my surly new buddy, who only started to perk up after I decided to buy three pairs of $200 shoes, rang up my order I triumphantly left with my beautiful new shoes. Months later I do not regret my purchase as my shoes are gorgeous and completely worth every penny because they make me feel like my old self. Someone who has no children, no responsibility, no worries and no one to watch over except myself. I sip on my martini, laugh with my friends and reapply my lip gloss. Then I warp back to reality, take off my three inch heels, put on a pair of flip flops, and pick my kids up from the babysitter. Like I said, worth every penny.
5	love love this store. especially the juniors' section at the very top level of the store. sale area is perfect and always leave the store with something! some stuff could be cheaper but that's Nordstrom's for ya! Always always come here whenever I go to Scottsdale Fashion Square!
4	This Nordstrom's is one of those fun department store chains we like to shop, particularly when they are having a sale. LOLWe were here this past Saturday for Nordstrom's Annual Men's Sale.  It aways occurs just before Father's Day and it is a real blowout affair! Shirts, pants, suits, ties, (Zegna ties!) and shoes.  It's my favorite time to shop particularly for Allen Edmunds shoes.  This big sale has racks placed in the shoe department, with most priced at  $25-$75.00 off.  Come early and shop often as they say.Enjoy!
2	I've been a loyal Nordy's customer for years. I even worked there for about four years in the past.In recent years, it sure seems their customer service is slipping.Men's Rail never has been a department I've recognized for their customer service. It was never bad service by any means, It just wasn't Nordstrom quality service. I've felt no sense of loyalty with any associate in that department becuase, thought friendly, they never seemed to care much. It's the department I do the majority of my Nordstrom shopping, but no one ever remembers me from my previous shopping trip (no matter how recent), I've never been sent a thank-you card, and though I have asked numerous times, I've never been called about sales or new items.I will describe my last couple visits to the Rail.Earlier this year I was rummaging through a sale rack. I was completely ignored, while the three associates there helped customers who were perusing the regular priced racks. Not only that, but two female associates were talking about one of the sale shirts (that i was holding in my hand). One girl said she wasn't sure if she liked it, she'd have to see it on her boyfriend, but it might be "too ugly" for her to let him wear. The other girl replied "Yeah, the color is a little gay." Now, they weren't talking about it because it was in my hand, and I don't feel they were homophobiMy last visit started the most recent string of events that really have left me questioning any future shopping at the store.I had another pair of jeans I brought in for a repair. I was again offered an exchange but I was insistant on the rapair because I really loved them and they didn't have them anymore. I was wanting a small tear repaired and was originally planning on shipping them out to New York to have them rewoven. I instead opted to try Nordstrom, hoping to save a few bucks (atleast the cost of shipping to and from NYC). Well I was shocked when the associate asked the manager how to ring it up and she said to do it as "Customer's own goods, no charge". I told her the jeans are a couple years old, it's just from wear and tear, not a defect. I was told not to worry about it and needless to say I was very excited. I was planning on spending about $20-25 for the repair. I asked how the repair would be done and they said they would be rewoven. Even better! So I clarified that they would be actually rewoven and not patched. I was told yes, that was correct.So they took them in and gave me the date of 6/4 that I could come in and pick them up. Well that date came and went. I was so busy I didn't get a chance to go get them. No big deal, I wasn't in a rush. On 6/12, the associate that had helped me originally called me about the jeans asking if I had wanted them shortened. I said no, just the repair that I brought them in for. He didn't know what repair and I described what I wanted. He told me he just found the original slip, the pants had not been touched yet, but he would put a rush on it and ship them to me for no extra charge. He said I should get them by Saturday or Monday.Well that didn't happen. I called this past Thursday and spoke with the department manager and explained the situation. He said he was the only one on the floor but would look for them and call me back later that day.That didn't happen either. I called back the next day. He tells me "I'm sorry, you must not have gotten my message." Well of course I didn't get your message! You didn't call me so you obviously didn't leave me a message either!Well that is what I wanted to say. But I was nice. He said the jeans were going out that day. That DID happen and I got them the following day!!Thankfully they had not been shortened, but they also were not rewoven. They were patched and then stitched over the patch. I'm annoyed, but the thread they used is a perfect match and they did do a good job. The work is very subtle and hardly noticeable.This is just not the level of service I would expect from this store, regardless of what department I am in. I know I probably shouldn't complain about a free service, but I didn't expect or ask for it to be free...
1	I recently bought a bridal dress for my elopement in September at the Nordstrom in Scottsdale Fashion Square Mall from a woman named Gaye. I liked Gaye a lot. She was attentive and very helpful, but at times, I felt she was trying to please my mother more than me. Anyhow, I ended up getting a shorter dress which, while it is very classic and sophisticated, it aged me about 30 years. After a month, I decided to go with another dress and tried returning the dress from Nordstrom. When I went back to the store, a woman named Barb assisted me, and I was told that I would be unable to return or even exchange the dress. Now, in Nordstrom's defense, the dress was slightly altered at the top by a Nordstrom tailor, but I was still unsatisfied with my purchase. Because of this policy, which I was not aware of, Barb persuaded me to schedule $70 worth of alterations and agreed that the dress aged me quite a bit. Because I left the store feeling uneasy, I contacted an online Nordstrom customer service representative. The CSR divulged that certain stores have their own policies for returns and can accept or deny them at their own discretion. That's fine with me. I understand that, but I would have liked Barb to share that little tidbit of information, so I wouldn't feel pressured into trying to polish the turd into a suitable wedding dress. Anyhow, the CSR asked me to simply mail the dress to the online department, and they would be able to return it without any issues (the Nordstrom way). I immediately called the store and asked them not to alter the dress further and said I was unsure about the additional alterations, and I picked the dress up the following day. When I went to the store, Barb was extremely cold, took more than twenty minutes to retrieve my dress, and then asked for my original receipt. I handed it to her, not knowing what she needed it for, and she took it to the back room where she proceeded to stamp it with an ugly "ALL SALES FINAL: NO RETURNS/NO ALTERATIONS" stamp. In my opinion, this was incredibly unprofessional and unnecessary, as I had other items listed on the receipt and she didn't even make any additional changes to the dress. Literally, they babysat dress over night. She then handed it to me, fake smiled, and basically told me not to come back regarding the dress.  This is completely contradictory to every word ever spoken about Nordstrom's customer service. I shop here frequently, and I have purchased several items for my wedding at this location, but after this experience, I will be shopping elsewhere. ...After that ordeal, I called the customer service line again, and they were beyond helpful and also disappointed with the saleswoman. I am told I will still be able to make the return by mail despite Barb's blatant sabotage.
3	I know that Nordstrom likes to take pride in their customer service, however, I had an unfortunate encounter at the Fashion Square Nordstrom shoe department.  This is just one instance, but I prefer to go elsewhere now.
4	I have been a pretty faithful fan of Nordy's since 1975 (my year of birth).I'm from WA state, so my mom would always take me up north to downtown Seattle for school clothes shopping, etc. We would always have lunch at Nordstrom Cafe. It was pretty much mother-daughter tradition. :)I became a Nordy's card-holder in 1996, while I was still in college. NOTE: I REALLY had no business/means to have this coveted CC, as I had a measly, part-time janitor/sandwich maker job. But still...You can find a rather wide variety of brands/designers but thank GOD for the sales (i.e. Semi-Annual Sale) as well as Clearance sections. This is a true gold mine.I hate buying stuff full price. I mean, even if I were a very wealthy woman, I would hate to pay full retail. It's the principle, I guess. But, if you do have some time on your hands and don't mind checking multiple departments, go for it.Besides that - I have never been mistreated in a Nordy's. Ever. Their customer service is very high and associates truly go above and beyond for shoppers - and that's in pretty much every department.I can remember returning Birkenstocks during the HUGE fad in 1993 to them. I was never questioned, drilled, etc on why the soles "shrunk" up due to me abusing my poor sandals and leaving them in my sun-scorched car. Associate took my deformed shoes and gave me replacement pair. Done.Same thing for a pair of Doc Maartens in 1995 - no questions, just new, replacement pair.
4	NOT ALL NORDSTROM ARE EQUALOne reason I'm staying in Scottsdale is to be close to the Fashion Square Mall and of course this Nordstrom.  I've noticed that this fall's clothing lines are much more attuned towards the middle aged woman. Much more conservative, higher sense of design and quality. I've been to many of the west coast Nordstroms including their flagship store in Bellevue, WA where the shoppers are known to mark their calendars for their three days off just so they can shop the Nordstrom's annual sale. It's a most maddening experience. For inventory, merchandising and service, I regard the Washington Square Mall, Beaverton, OR as my favorite Nordstrom. Many from southern Washington will travel to Beaverton and save on the sales tax.Typically, Yu-go chauffeur has his cup of java at their eBar and comfortably waits there while I scan and roam the petite department.I will gladly report that this store's restrooms are immaculately clean.
5	One of my favorite stores in town. Love their new remodel as well, make the store so much more modern and fresh. This is a one stop shop, great for clothes, accessories, and shoes. Oh and also the cafe!! The food is amazing! Little pricey but I guess you get what you pay for. Can't go wrong with any of the salads and I always have to get a chocolate chip cookie and an ice tea. Great atmosphere and nice staff.
5	This is THE Nordstroms in AZ.  They have the best selection of clothes out of all the stores.  The other AZ locations tend not to carry Kate Spade, Tory Burch, Trina Turk, Missoni, Burberry, etc for clothes.  This location has it all though.  If you need jeans for fall, they have the biggest selection of high end jeans I have found in the valley.
2	Sad sad day when There is NO Christmas in this store and it's only 2 days after the holiday :( What's happened to this company?
5	I received a 5-star customer service from Kellie at the Salon shoes department.  She took time and made several phone calls and was able to secure a pair of Tod's Gommini from another Nordstrom location for me.  Some sales ladies at Salvatore Ferragamo in Scottsdale Fashion Square should learn how to treat potential customers from Kellie!!.
4	Alexandra working at the Savvy Department was so helpful and told us about the special Ted Baker deal that day. She even let us share a fitting room! #firstworldwomenproblems. As you all know, that's really rare.
4	Really nice selection of clothes and great service! Alexandra helped us find some cute dresses during their sale (Parker & clover canyon brands). She let my friend and I share a fitting room which is really rare nowadays.
4	Clean restaurant with nice presentation of offerings displayed. Had a salmon dish that was very tasty and the fish was cooked just right. My wife had a salad, which she liked as well. The restaurant was a bit chilly. Wait staff was very attentive.
4	I thought we had a good Nordstrom in Vegas till I came here! Whoa... The shoe department is good and the kids even better. Everything we love but mini.
5	Love shopping here. Great sales. Friendly staff. Very helpfull. Found everything I was looking for.
4	I cannot say enough good things about Nordstrom.  It is usually the first stop on my shopping route whenever I come to Fashion Square.  Particularly on Boxing Day to check out their great shoe department!  Especially their designer shoes - I've gotten amazing deals on Prada shoes - waaaaay better sales than Holt Renfrew as a tip for Canadian readers!  Beautiful store with excellent customer service.I have found some good pieces, but they tend to be workwear and not so much for casual.  They have a great selection of my favourite designers for work attire - Elie Tahari and Hugo Boss in particular.  For casual, I tend to check out Nordstrom Rack as there are good deals to be found there.  I haven't found as many good sales in the clothing as I have in shoes (I love a bargain if you can't tell!).Nordstrom's website is also a great place to hunt for bargains (their regular site, Nordstrom Rack and Hautelook).  I like a few designers that are sometimes hard to find in Canada, so I tend to watch them online and wait for good sales.  So happy they ship to the Great White North!
5	This review is for Jose who works in the cosmetic department. I saw Jose after he was recommended by the department manager. After a failed attempt at bridal make up at a different salon I was a little nervous. I had my trial and was so happy with the result!! I couldn't of asked for a better make up artist or a more passionate person who knows his products. I came In Thinking I'd only purchase bridal related make up but bought new skin care products which I love!! The following week Jose did my makeup for my wedding day and he was just as spectacular as the first time! Go see him if you need an updated look or if you are in need of a fabulous make up artist!!
5	Love Nordie's, best place to buy shoes, only place I really like to buy shoes...  I am probably the most picky person when it comes to shoes because my feet are weird, one is bigger than the other and my size is in between 6 1/2 and 7???  So what to do and where to go to buy shoes?  Nordstrom's of course.  They have the best return policy, if a pair of shoes do not work out, it is highly returnable, no questions asked!  Now that is what I call CUSTOMER SERVICE in its FINEST!!!
5	This is a great store because they will always return something and not make you feel like a low life they are very good about there customer service and will ship a product to your house if they don't have it I love this store
4	I love Nordstrom. They are always friendly and helpful.
1	Went to buy shoes at the mens department. For those who are unaware, Nordstrom started out as mainly a shoe store. As expected, great selection. I told the salesperson my size, he brought out an alternate shoe since they were out of my size, no big deal. However, he handed me the shoe, said " let me know how it fits, and walked away. HANDED ME THE SHOE AND WALKED AWAY.  Nordstrom management I hope you are reading this.  Your Chandler store, I have come to expect poor service, lack of sizes, and poor selection, thats why I drive all the way to Scottsdale.
5	Great selection, and VERY helpful staff.  Highly recommend!
5	I despise department stores because it's a gamut of disaster and mass production. I've always tipped my hat off to management in their keen ability to hire incredible staff and establish a phenomenal work culture in retail. Walk in and instantly you are in a happy place. Everyone is always polite, poised and elegant with the willingness to go above and beyond delighting their patrons. This place never ceases to leave me flashing a dazzling smile from finding the perfect slinky dress to being refreshed at the spa or decompressing over a latte at the eCafe. I'm always impressed by the buyer's choices and displays that flirt with you in a way that you don't realize you just handed over a blank check. Merchandise is abundant to stimulate your wallet, but never where I feel like a carbon copy exists.  The deal closer for me is always the exchange/return policy. I shouldn't have to have a tug of war if I changed my mind. I rarely do but like knowing I don't have to hand over my future firstborn just to get a refund.
5	Everyone values different things when out shopping. Some only care about getting the latest styles, for others, price is king. For me, it's all about customer service. I work hard to earn my money, and I spend it at places that treat me with respect, not like I am annoying them. Nordstrom's is exactly that place. The customer service here is world class, and they know how to take care of their customers. They have an amazing selection, and some decent deals, but their biggest product is service. It's so nice to come to their stores and be treated well by employees who care. Well done Nordy's!
5	I love this place! The staff makes it such a fun experience to go into the store even if you don't buy anything. They are friendlier and more helpful to me than many department stores' staff including Nordstorm Cerritos MAC counter. I have found some cool items at this location including jewelries. I go there almost every weekday just to see what's new. Check it out.
5	My review is specifically related to the bridal department:I've had the pleasure of ordering a bridesmaids dress through Nordstrom's before with a fabulous experience so I came here to look at bridesmaids dresses for my wedding. I was in LOVE with the Donna Morgan dresses, specifically the candy apple green color for my outside garden wedding. 3 of my girls, my mom and I came in on our Sunday morning appointment and were treated so well. Terri is very accommodating and sweet- she even called me in advance to let me know the Donna Morgan dresses were running a 25% off sale at the time of my appointment! We got the fitting room to our party and loved having the girls try on the dresses. We ended up picking the dress I had my eye on and everyone loves their dress! Dresses came in a WEEK later and were shipped to my girls living out of state in less than a week. Amazing experience, amazing dress and a really good price! Thank you Terri and the Nordstrom's team for making this experience so wonderful!
4	Standard Nordstrom. Very big, good selection, and clean. Lost one star because I was looking for a gift for a man and I felt like the men's section was pretty small and didn't have an adequate sale section. Also, no sale shoes even though the women's sale shoe rack was overflowing... are they trying to get the most money they can out of unknowing/caring men shoppers? hmm...Also, last time I went, the women's bathroom on the second floor next to the cafe was "closed" What does that mean? I had to pee, and it was annoying. Other than that, good Nordstrom, as per usual.
5	Love Nordys!!!! I am a diehard Nordstrom shopper. I really never see a price difference between them and other stores. The associates are great and the service is wonderful.
5	I recently purchased my wedding dress at this location and received exceptional customer service. I'd highly recommend any bride visit Kathy in the bridal suite to see the selection of gowns. I also recommend working with Maria in alterations, as she made my dress fit like a glove! I truly could not be more happy with my experience.
