5	Recently discovered Hazlenuts Creperie as it's only a block from my office in Uptown. Kind of tough to find, at first. But as soon as you enter the building, you are immediately struck by the buttery scent of crepes! What makes this unusual, at least for THIS area, is that they specialize in SAVORY crepes. The first crepe I had here, for lunch, was their lunch special chicken curry (sweeter version of curry, not madras or hot style), with mango chutney added. Combined with that delicious crepe batter, it was HEAVENLY! Because the shop was so new, the owner, a nice fellow named "Asi," offered us a free dessert crepe, complete with goat cheese, walnuts, fresh strawberries and drizzled with honey. Oh was that ever good!Just today, went back to try their breakfast crepes. I'm SO glad I did, as I customized it by adding a scrambled egg, brie cheese, ham and bacon. Anything with Brie just is killer, so this crepe was killer! So flavorful, and a very nice sized one too.Price wise, they are very reasonable, and certainly worth every penny! This is SO what Charlotte needed. Go check it out, and tell Asi that Paul sent you! (I promised I'd spread the word).
3	I walk pass this location often. A FEW WEEKS ago a young lady was standing outside handing out Promotion flyers. TODAY me and my pal "Grumbles" (My stomach) ventured into this hidden place. (Located inside the lobby of 200 South Tryon, in the doors to your right, straight back to your left). They offer a nice selection of crepes (Lunch - 11 kinds, Breakfast -3, and a Create Your Own Breakfast or/and Sweet crepes) They also have a daily special wich is NOT on the menu. (Usually written on the display outside the building- see picture)Price ranging for Breakfast crepes 4.75 - 6.50 (served 7am - 11am)Lunch 6.50 - 7.75Add on - 1.00Cheese optionsCheddar, Mozzarella, Swiss, Feta, Goat, BrieToppings - + .25Tomato, Red Onion, Mushrooms, Olives, Baby Spinach, Roasted Red PeppersMeet - + .75Bacon, Ham, Turkey, Chicken, Avacado ( I know its not a meet but.... they have it under that section soOOooO.)I'm not a sweet eater so I don't comment on that but it looked pretty good. (see pic)Today I rode with the Create Your Own (Breakfast special 1 Cheese + 2 toppings + egg = 5.00 + MEAT ADD ON .75 + CHICKEN w/ Free Coffee)I had the Brie cheese, Mushrooms, olives & chicken (see picture). I have to say i didn't think it would fill me up, but it did... or at least came close. Health Rating = 99.9Nice people behind the counter asked how did I get to know the place was open, how my morning was going so far etc.. (pretty nice)In the words of ONE of the USA's "great" governor Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger........................ I'LLL BE BACHH!!!
4	Just went to Hazelnuts for the first time earlier this afternoon. I walked in to the building, and was surprised that it was a very casual eatery. You simply go up to the counter, order your crepe and take a seat with your number. The place was not too busy so they brought our food out to us at the table. I ordered a make-your-own sweet crepe with strawberries, chocolate chips, and lemon (yes, the combo tasted good!). Very simple yet so tasty. The selection of the savory and the sweet crepes is quite wide and I'm sure anyone can find a combo they would like, whatever mood they are in. I went with two co-workers, one of whom ordered a savory crepe and the other a dessert crepe off the menu, both of which were delicious as well. The one thing that would make the place better would be if they were open on the weekends or even in the evening hours to serve the date crowd or even the casual crowd. I would enjoy it if I could come in for dessert after dinner uptown or even for lunch with my husband on the weekend. Maybe they are wanting to attract the uptown lunch crowd, but I think expanding the hours would serve it well. Also, perhaps serving beer/wine would complement the crepes. Just a suggestion. Overall, a great place and will definitely be back!
5	Hidden place, but the breakfast crepe was great.  Also enjoyed a Sweet Crepe with Nutella, graham crackers, powdered sugar, honey, and ice cream....I definitely recommend it and it is not too heavy.The cafe smells great and the staff is extremely friendly and helpful as well.
4	Just follow the smell of butter.And don't let the name lead you to believe this is a dessert-only joint. Savory crepes play a starring role, too, which is what led a friend and me here for lunch. The small, clean, white/natural space is set up for counter service, with a couple four-tops inside and several smaller two-tops just outside the creperie. An assortment of bottled and canned non-alcoholic drinks are on display next to the counter. Eat-in or to-go, you'll take a number and enjoy a relatively short wait (~five minutes) before the goodness arrives.I had the Southwest veggie, which was like a rice-less burrito in terms of fillings. Black beans, tomato, fresh avocado (not the processed mush, thank you kindly), cheddar and the right amount of sour cream. Fluffy with just a little crisp around the edges, my crepe was a tasty and filling bite. There are more than a half-dozen carnivore-friendly selections, as well as the option to add meat to a veggie crepe. Breakfast is on the menu, whether you crave a signature or custom crepe, and should you desire an afternoon sugar coma you've come to the right place. They had me at Nutella...I'll be back to indulge in a dessert crepe and hope business one day allows Saturday morning hours--weekends are for breaking the weekday cereal routine, and some days my motivation goes only far as Bisquick.
5	Finally a great crepe place in Charlotte!  I wish I had come here earlier.  I got t he Undo Thai crepe (which was their special of the day).  Really delicious and fresh!  I can't wait to come back again and try their sweet crepes.  Now, I just wish this place was open on weekends for brunch...
4	I was looking for a new place to grab a quick lunch with a friend in Uptown and decided on Hazelnuts Creperie for something a little more out of the box than the usual sandwich and chips. I'd seen their sign on Tryon Street a few times, which was the only way I knew this hidden spot existed, so I put on my metaphorical beret, hopped aboard my bicycle and pedaled over to Hazlenuts for a Parisian-inspired lunch date. The place is small, but a good amount of seating is available in the lobby area of the office building where it's located. The menu isn't incredibly extensive, but they do have both savory and sweet options and a "create your own" choice that leaves it pretty much up to your imagination with a combination of meats, cheeses, toppings and sauces. My friend and I went the savory route - she created her own chicken and ranch crepe and I ordered the pesto chicken crepe. Both were $7, a good size, pretty tasty and ready in a flash. We would have gladly stuffed our faces with a dessert crepe smothered in Nutella, but alas, willpower won out and we resisted the temptation. They had a little trouble ringing up my friend's "create your own" option at first, but the manager came by to check on us later and offered to sign us up for the free loyalty card, so the effort was definitely appreciated. Overall, Hazelnuts is a great option for a quick and tasty lunch.
4	**UPDATE:  Restaurant will not be open during DNC**Following my post about no coffee past Noon, the owner invited me back for a complimentary breakfast this morning.  I took him up on it, and enjoyed a flavorful chevre & mozzarella crepe *with* a smooth, bold locally-roasted coffee.  Unfortunately, the staff informed me, the creperie won't be open for other DNC travellers to try next week... because of the tight restrictions on traffic & parking in the area, the restaurant won't be able to get supplies in the morning.  Bummer, because it was worth the trip (twice).----------------------------------Late flight into Charlotte for DNC... Placed crepe order + coffee @ 12:04 pm.  "We're out of coffee". Could you make more, I ask?  The answer was no.Sorry, local business I specifically drove  to in order to support you... I had to go to Dean & Deluca across the street. Note for Charlotte business owners: thousands of journalists & politicos are about to descend upon you.  If you want them to give you their $$, extend those coffee serving hours past Noon.
3	Wanting something different for breakfast, I decided to try this place on my walk in to work.  It's a pretty small open space serving breakfast, lunch and dessert crepes.  I had a breakfast crepe with egg whites, spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, swiss and red pepper tapenade............it actually sounds better than it tasted.  It looked and smell great but it just didn't register on the taste scale for me...perhaps the dessert crepes are better but the breakfast was just okay for me.
4	Delicious crepes tucked inside a business building in downtown Charlotte. In downtown areas dominated with Starbucks at every corner, this little gem for breakfast is truly refreshing. For Nutella lovers, you can of course get your fix here!
4	New prices!! I have post new pix of New Menu.
5	The minute you walk in the door of the building, you know you are in for a treat!  The smell of Hazelnuts' crepes cooking should be bottled and sold.I work next door to Hazelnuts and it has become one of my go-to spots for an awesome meal.  I always get a chicken pesto crepe and it is always perfect.  They are very generous with the toppings and the crepe definitely fills you up (and I have a hearty appetite)!  There are small touches that they do that make the crepes stand out, like melting the cheese completely and adding salt/pepper on the finished product.  The owner is always there and is extremely friendly.   I am looking forward to trying one of their sweet crepes in the near future!
4	Well, well, well... this was one heck of a pleasant surprise for a lunch with coworkers. I arrived after my colleagues had ordered and unbeknownst to me, we all ordered the buffalo chicken crepe. Turns out great minds think alike! Not too spicy. Super fresh. And super delicious. Good serving size.My only complaint is the location is tucked inside the lobby of an office building with very limited seating. We were lucky to snag one of the few tables in the area. You may want to get your crepe to-go. My coworkers have been there a few times and had  good things to say about Hazelnuts sweet crepe options, but I'm sticking with the buffalo chicken option next time I'm working uptown. Yummy!
3	This is a nice little crepe shop inside a hotel, though it has limited offerings. The crepes are tasty and fresh, but everything is cooked within the crepe, providing for only a few food options for breakfast or lunch. For the price, this is a good option.
5	This place has the best crepes in all of Charlotte and you better believe it. It takes a lot to please me and I've had a lot of crepes but this place is genuinely five stars. Let me break it down, the owner is very committed and passionate about his food, in fact he makes the crepes that he serves and you can see him make them. There are a lot of selection for crepes, this place is literally ALL about crepes. We ordered both a sweet and salty crepe and they were delicious. I can tell a lot of thought process is put into the creation of the crepes and I really appreciate that. Only two problems, this place is kind of tucked inside a business building on the first floor and second, parking is hard to deal with, if you do not work uptown you will need to drive here and park at one of the paid parking garages. This place is also only a breakfast lunch place and is not open on Sundays. There is only one other crepe place in Charlotte that comes close and it is the crepe cellar, but still, the crepes at crepe cellar are way too sweet with too much nutella, this place is very hearty and is truly one of the VERY best crepes I've ever had, I am trying to come back ASAP!
4	Mmm... tasty crepes... 5 stars for breakfast, 4 stars for sweet, 3 stars for savory. I really want to love this place, but I find myself disappointed when they can't or won't make the breakfast crepes all day long. Why do you torture me with the sign outside touting my favorite, the "Maple Dream," if I can't have it? Anyway, the Maple Dream is seriously delicious and I would eat one every day, but I find some of their savory crepes to be only marginally better than my packed sandwich from home. I had the BBQ Chicken Crepe today and it was definitely oversauced - like drinking sweet tomato based bbq sauce with a little bit of cheddar, raw onion, and tiny chicken bits floating by. The Turkey BLT Crepe I tried last week was alright, except for the lettuce inside . This is weird texturally and I need to remember to ask for no lettuce. It's a chilled, crunchy lettuce in the middle of an otherwise warm, gooey, meaty, cheesy filling. Overall, I lovelovelove the breakfast crepes and really enjoy the sweet crepes, but think the 3-4 kinds of savory crepes I've tried so far all fall into "fancy Hot Pocket" territory.
3	Went for a late breakfast and we had the santorini, Greek style, and the ham and Swiss.  Both were very flavorful and had a nice variety of ingredients.  The crepes were really big but the only drawback to the food was the amount of stuff inside the crepes.  Not as much as I would have liked.  The only other drawback was the seating was kind of in the lobby of the building, might be bad during high traffic hours.  Overall I liked the place, the staff was nice and we'd go back again.
5	Awesome crepes! Hazelnut and  the French toast ones (I have a sweet tooth ) can't be beat.  Good stuff. I promise
5	Hooray - they've added more seating! Hazelnuts continues to impress me with their delicious crepes.
4	This is a hidden gem in uptown Charlotte with crepes that are spectacular. It's set back in the lobby of 200 S. Tryon Street and there, they make home made crepes for breakfast and lunch. The curry chicken crepe is my personal favorite, full of flavor and spice. Usually I go with a friend and we get two different crepes and share them so we can try the rest of the menu out. They have breakfast crepes, lunch crepes, savory and sweet. It's all made to order, so they can be tweaked to your taste. They do like to keep things spicy, so keep that in mind.  There is limited seating. Definitely try this place.
5	so, ill admit that ive only had one crepe at hazlenuts. Usually, I think that people should refrain from reviewing a restaurant until theyve had multiple dishes (especially if theyre going to give a five star review......like I just did). However, the one crepe that I have had there (multiple times) is heavenly and I think that it alone is worth the glowing review. The strawberry, walnut and goat cheese crepe is the best crepe ive ever had and as a bonus, I dont feel completely unhealthy after eating it. For some reason, I have trouble getting into savory crepes, even when filled with items that I like. To me, a crepe should be sweet but this means that sometimes feel guilty when eating crepes for breakfast because a breakfast item shouldnt be able to double as a dessert (love donuts for example but I never eat them for breakfast). The strawberry goat cheese crepe helps solve my dilemma because it strikes the perfect balance between savory and sweet. Im certainly not claiming that its health food but its nice to know that thanks to the walnuts and goat cheese, Im getting some protein along with my sugar.  Its pretty unusual for me to go to a restaurant and get the same dish every time since I crave variety when it comes to food but when I walk into Hazelnut, I cant bear to order anything other than my beloved strawberry crepe. Ive heard great things about all of their crepes so one day, maybe I will branch out but I cant make any promises!
5	Yum. Yum. Yum. I ordered The Chunkster. The crepe was much larger than I was expecting so I had to put almost half of it in a to go box. It was so delicious that I wish there was one located near me in Raleigh. I will definitely be back when I return to Charlotte!
4	I'd like to second the notion that Hazelnuts has some of the best crepes in the QC and I'll even go a step further and say they have the best variety as well. There are few places in town to grab crepes and these guys do a fantastic job. I had tried to visit a few times in the past but my plans were thwarted by either long lines or impossible parking situations. That should probably be your first plan of attack. Unless you're a briefcase-toting Uptowner or just so happen to find yourself at 200 S Tryon...by happenstance, then you'll have to make the blessed trek of parking. If it's just for a meal, do your damndest to find a meter on 3rd or even out front on Tryon. God speed to you!The crepes themselves? Hard to say about the thin layer of crepe as the varieties we tried were masked by some awesomely pungent flavors. With that being said, I'm sure you can order a more simplistic crepe if you're in the mood for au originale. For those craving concoctions, the Chipotle Chicken and the Mariachi are rather tasty. Though stuffed to the rafters with foodstuffs, it's a nice breakfast or lunch. I really dig the chipotle chicken, but it did have lettuce playing second fiddle to spinach. Really? Not a fan of that at all. Lettuce does not hold up to heat nearly at all and it made a limp mess inside of my crepe. The prices are pretty fair for the amount of food you get. I think most would be full after one stuffed crepe. I couldn't finish mine or the one we shared. Glad to have finally tried Hazelnuts. Great folks over there.
5	I was unaware of where this place was exactly even walking past the building quite a few times.  I'm glad I followed the other yelpers to try it!I had the Maple Dream: Scrambled Egg, Cheddar, Bacon, Maple Syrup, Butter & Powdered Sugar.  It was a little bit of a wait, but they made it fresh right there and it was delicious! I wish I had room in my stomach to try one of the sweet crepes, but unfortunately, the first crepe was quite filling.  I'm going to have to go back to try one!
5	I was in Charlotte for a wedding and my friend found this place  (based on yelp reviews) - boy am I glad he did!!I went with the Maple Dream crepe - eggs, bacon, maple syrup, and powdered sugar, it was EXCELLENT! My friend got a savory crepe (veggies and cheese I think) and he liked his too. Affordable and delicious, can't go wrong!!
4	The crepes we had for breakfast were to die for! We ordered the hand and Swiss and the the maple dream. Both were gobbled up in minutes. The only reason I didn't give the place a 5 is because of the wait! But that was just indicative of how amazing the food was!!
3	This place is easy to miss, tucked as it is on the first floor of one of the many office towers in downtown (or, rather, "uptown") Charlotte. That would be a shame because this was a nice place to grab a made-to-order but quick, casual, and tasty Sunday breakfast. That said, I don't know that I would necessarily go out of my way for a return visit (for reasons I give below).Hazelnuts offers breakfast, savory, vegetarian, and sweet crepes, as well as "do it yourself" options. My friend had "The Maple Dream" (egg, chedder, bacon, maple syrup, butter and powdered sugar with walnuts added). If you think of crepes as being very thin pancakes (a la Talladega Nights), then you can see this is like a great American breakfast all in one neat package. I prefer savory, so I had the curry chicken crepe, with "medium" heat (yellow) curry and the heat was spot on and the flavor very good.So, four star food. I took a star away from my overall rating for two reasons: (1) everything is served on paper plates with plastic silverware, which I dislike for environmental reasons. (2) They charge $1.00 for a refill of a small coffee. Ouch. These two things left a bad taste in my mouth.
5	Totally addicted to this place. Owner is super nice and needs to extend his hours. Best crepes I've ever had!
5	Amazing and heavenly smells as you enter the lobby of the building where Hazelnuts is located. A friend and I split two crepes - the Turkey Bacon Avocado (savory) and The Chunker (sweet).  It was the perfect amount of food for lunch for the two of us.  Both crepes were delicious and totally satisfying.  I am in town for a couple of days and I think I will be heading back again before I leave!
5	As stated in my previous review, we went back to try more crepes before my friend and I left town. We again split two crepes - the Maple Dream and the Banana Berry Cinn.  The flavor combinations were perfect.  Fresh, flavorful and absolutely delicious!  They offer savory, sweet and breakfast crepes.  There are a large number of veggie options too.  Affordable and delectable.  Just wish my stay had been longer...I probably would have gone back to try the Chicken Curry crepe.  It sounds amazing too.
4	Today was my third time back here and I'll probably go again next week. You'll end up spending $8-9 for the crepe... closer to $12 with chips and a drink. However, the crepe is pretty filling and will hold you over for a while. Not to mention, they're freaking good.
4	Good crepes, fast service. Its a small place, but friendly and good for a quick breakfast.
5	Wow, what a pleasant surprise for breakfast before we left town. My husband found this here on Yelp, so from the description we knew it would be tucked away uptown. As it turns out, there is a sandwich board outside directing you in so it's not that difficult to find. Whether you want breakfast, lunch, or an afternoon snack, they have a variety of crepes to suit just about everyone. My husband had the Maple Dream, and I tried the Americana. Both were big, but the Americana is stuffed with more ingredients that all blend together so well - with the chipotle aioli adding such a great flavor. No need for side items unless you have a huge appetite. The crepe will cover it!We live in downtown Greenville, SC and an establishment such as this would do well here, especially if it stayed open later for the dessert crowd.
5	Hidden inside the building a bit syou have you walk through the lobby to find the place.  Once you do, be sure to try the pesto chicken and feta crepe.  Excellent! And of course, its name sake, the Hazelnut coffee is a great pairing.
5	Yum!!! Found this place on a weekend visit to Charlotte with the help of Yelp. It did seem to be totally hidden away, you have to be looking for it and I was glad we sought it out. It was a tough decision but I went for a savory crepe, stuffed with chicken and avocado, I was one happy camper. I so wanted to try one of the dessert crepes but the generous portion of my savory one left me stuffed. I recommend going with a friend and splitting one of each!
5	Magnifique! I was actually wavering between a few different choices, as they all looked great. I placed my order, and in my typical fashion changed my mind. They were completely amendable to my request. I ended up with the Pesto Capri Crepe, and it was delicious. I will definitely be back to try some other crepes. I'm so glad this place exists to add some variety to the Lunch options uptown.
5	Excellent crepes...sweet, savory, you name it, it's delicious.  We can't go near uptown now without my two teenagers begging to stop in a for a crepe.  Worth the trip for friendly service, great location, outstanding and fresh food!
5	Had no idea what to except and we were floored. The staff was so helpful in helping us choose from an array of crepes. The food was reasonably priced and delicious!
4	Staying at the Omni Easter weekend for a concert. Looked for something different for breakfast this fits the bill perfectly. Walk across the street it's in the lobby of an office. More of a kiosk feel; paper plates, plastic utensils, but delicious crapes. No booths for proper seating just tables and chairs in the lobby area, still felt fine. Delicious choices, make your own, they don't scrimp on fillings. Quick service even during a rush.
5	What a great little find! While staying at the Omni for a long weekend for a "staycation", I got up on Friday morning in search of breakfast. As a Charlotte native, I'm quite familiar with Amelie's and started to walk to it's uptown location, however I stopped when I happened across Hazelnut's- they had menus available outside and I was immediately intrigued.Upon going inside, the two young ladies working were extremely friendly and helpful in guiding me to a decision- a Nutella and strawberry crepe with a bit of powdered sugar (very simple, but absolutely delicious!)The crepes are made to order right in front of you- it was very fresh, hot, and not too sweet (the Nutella, of course, gave it a punch of sugar but it wasn't overwhelming).I will definitely be coming back!!
4	Note to out-of-towners (like us),:  if you're trying to find this place (or any place downtown by street number), pay attention to the South vs. North part of the street name!  We went the wrong way and landed on North Tryon.  You want South Tryon.  This fresh crepe goodness is in an office building next to McCormick & Schmicks.We finally found it on a recent Monday morning, and had the place to ourselves.  It is a small counter-service place.  Order, pay, and the gal who made our crepes did bring them to us.  My Americana was giant!  Filled with turkey, scrambled egg, avocado, onion, tomato, spinach and chipotle aioli tied it all together nicely.  Way too big for me, and since we were traveling I sadly had to waste some of it.  But Husband had no problem wolfing down an entire Chevre & Mozz, which had scrambled egg, bacon, mushrooms, onion, olives, goat cheese & mozzarella.  Loved the variety on the menu of sweet & savory crepes, and the prices are very reasonable for the quality and quantity.  ($8.50 for mine and $8.25 for Husband's).Oddly enough neither of us had cell phone signals in here, so if you have to dink around on your phone while eating, it could possibly be a problem.
4	Lean, elegant and tasty food. It has a little bit of everything; breakfast, lunch and sweets. The crepes are made to perfection and the price is reasonable. The size of the crepes is just right too. I had the maple dream and my boyfriend had the Americana for breakfast, I would recommend both to anyone.
4	This is a small, no-nonsense creperie with a wide selection of items. I wanted to get something light and the associate at the counter was able to convert their Florentine Crepe into an omelet for me. The portion size was more than sufficient and the food tasted fresh. It's a great spot--very clean and they use compostable and recyclable cups, plates etc.
5	I found Hazelnuts almost by accident last summer and fell in love with the place. Whether you get one of their breakfast crepes, lunch crepes, or dessert crepes you're in for a real treat. After finding out I was allergic to gluten last fall I was somewhat devastated, no more Hazelnuts. It didn't occur to me until today while I was wandering around the city looking for a place to have breakfast to ask whether they could provide any sort of gluten free alternatives. When I got inside I asked the girl at the register if it would be possible to make one of their crepes into an omelette. I was told that since it wasn't busy they would be happy to! Score! I was warned that they would be making the omelette on the same griddle where they made their crepes. I'm not super sensitive to gluten so it wasn't an issue for me. I got the Turkey Bacon Avocado and, as always, it was delicious and my day was made
5	Fantastic! Went here for breakfast on a whim during a trip to Charlotte, and these are by far the best crepes I've had in the US. I had the mariachi crepe, and my wife had a build-your-own. Love it, will return next time I'm in Charlotte.
4	As a resident of Matthews, my heart will always belong to the Royal Cafe and Creperie, but Hazelnuts does offer some pretty tasty crepes.  Hazelnuts is located right in the heart of uptown Charlotte... pretty hard to get to unless you work downtown and walk, but there are some side-street parking options (better brush up the parallel parking skillz!).The place itself is in a lobby of a building so there are people passing through all the time, the main place hints at a clean, modern design - white walls and bold blackboards, with wood accents.  Their menu offers breakfast, savory, and dessert crepes... but I am sure you can customize you crepe if you ask them to.Friendly staff takes your order and in about 5-10 min depending on how long the line is, you will be presented with your own little treat for the day.  So far I've tried the Maple Dream for breakfast, which is the best of both savory (eggs and bacon inside) and sweet (maple syrup on the outside).  And I've tried the Basil Pesto Chicken for lunch.Great breakfast or lunch option if you find yourself downtown.  No frills here, served on paper plates and plastic silverware, but the crepes still shine (its the food that is important right?).
4	Small, counter-order place in the lobby of the building next to McCormick and Schmick's. I walk past it all the time during the week, and the fella and I decided to check it out for breakfast one Sunday morning. It was actually pretty busy at 9:00 a.m. - who knew?The fella got the Maple Dream (scrambled egg, cheddar and bacon with maple syrup), and I got The Chunkster (peanut butter, banana, chocolate chips, trail mix, and maple syrup), which also describes me after eating it. After all the hullabaloo about the Maple Dream, I have to say that we both decided The Chunkster was better. There wasn't enough meat in the Maple Dream, and The Chunkster was deeeelicious! About halfway through, it started to almost be too sweet/rich, but I pushed through. I'd love to try Hazelnuts again for a savory crepe at lunch or another sweet crepe. Great service, casual feel, tasty crepes, and breakfast for two for only $20. Oh, and their coffee was pretty darn delicious, too!
5	I saw this on Yelp and my fellow Yelpers didn't let me down. This was a great value for a nice lunch. My wife got the Chicken with Basil and I got the chicken curry crepe. Both were excellent!  I think many people think of a sweet crepe (which they have, as well), but the savory crepes are a great alternative to a sandwich.  Nice alternative!
4	Very posh. The food was excellent, the location very modern and artistically expressive. Quite an experience.
4	My boyfriend and I happened to stroll by this place on a walk downtown and decided to visit it for breakfast the next morning. It's a cute little nook and is bursting with the smell of fresh ingredients when you walk in. Seating is ample and we had no trouble finding a place.We opted to split the Florentine and Berry delight crepes. In most crepes I've had, the ingredients are cooked thoroughly and then the crepe is assembled; that didn't happen in this case, but it was still good. Both the savory and the sweet crepes were well-prepared and well-assembled. We'd certainly bring family or friends to this place and will likely, despite our infrequent visits to downtown, start coming more often.
4	The crepes are really, really good! I tried the Nutella and banana combo and it was delicious. The crepes are pretty large, and could be shared. I thought they had a nice menu of both savory and sweet crepes. The service was friendly and fast. I felt the prices were reasonable $5-8 for a crepe. And I actually liked the location,  it was a great set-up if you have little ones. We will be back!
5	Visited Charliotte and this place is in the lobby where my office was.  Amazing.,.best food I had while visiting.  I need to visit again just to try all the other options.  Staff is very friendly and crepes come out quick and fresh!
5	This place has amazing crepes! I have been there couple of times already and will definitely come again.
5	I stopped by for lunch here. The food was fresh and tasted really good. Although the portion size left me a little bit hungry, I am still giving it a 5 for friendly staff, casual relaxed atmosphere, clean restroom and tasty food.
5	Holy Crepe!!  Breakfast at Hazelnuts creperie was simply delightful.  Tucked carefully in an office building lobby, so please be carefully not to overlook this one.  First off,  the place is kept really clean and is environmentally friendly and the servers/cooks were pleasant and greeted me quickly.    As for the food,  the offer a wide selection of breakfast crepes,  but also offer lunch crepes, including a good selection of vegetarian dishes and fresh salads.   For my breakfast I ordered the maple dream, and they were not lying, it was dreamy.   Plenty of bacon and cheddar melted and gently folded in a light crepe that's then topped with maple syrup and a dash of powdered sugar.   Recommend this one for a first timer but I will be branching out next time to the "Swiss & Delish".
5	Amazing crepes! And reasonably priced. I got the maple dream after reading some good reviews for it and everyone was right, it's great. We didn't have to wait more than a few mins for our food.
5	Great crepes! The portions were huge, the price was fair, and the staff was funny! I will definitely come back here! We shared a ham & swiss and the berry delight. The goat cheese was a unique deliciousness & the flavors were great together!
4	We ate here on a Sunday morning and let's say I was pleasantly surprised on how good this place was. First off this is a "fast food" breakfast place. It is not a waitress and sit down place. You put your order in, they call your number and you go get it and sit down where you find room. The food is served in paper plates and disposable silverware. However it is delicious and worth trying.I had the banana & nutella crepe and my husband some spicy egg crepe and we both loved it. The coffee is good and they have other beverages too. The menu is quite extensive and they make the crepes right there in front of you so they don't sit under a heat lamp. The price is amazing too. If I worked uptown Charlotte I would eat here frequently.
5	Delicious crepes with the bonus of fantastic service. We came on a very busy Sunday morning and the staff smiled the whole time. I got the chunkster but added Nutella, it was heavenly!
4	Ha, this was surprisingly good.  I ordered the Banana Berry Cinn and after a reasonable wait, it was ready to go.  It is not the prettiest crepe I have had, but it was flavorful and good.  Overall, very good.
5	This place is great! I took my family out saturday morning and we stopped by for some crepes they were amazing we each ordered something different and they were all delish not one crepe was left. This place is kinda tucked away in the lobby of an office building but the atmosphere is cozy! The service was top notch and my famiky and I had a wonderful experience!  I will definatly be back!
4	I had brunch here with the kids and loved it! I always passed by in a rush to get somewhere else uptown and would promise myself that I'd go soon. I finally made good and I'm glad I did. They have a nice assortment of sweet, savory, and breakfast crepes all for a decent price. I got the Chevre and Mozz which included goat cheese and kalamata olives! Wow! Love at 1st bite. The crepe itself was golden, flaky deliciousness. The filling was just right and the simple presentation let me get right to the business of devouring my meal (hence, no pictures). I will definitely return for something sweet next time.
5	This place was fantastic, and even though it's in the lobby of a skyscraper it's really a great place to go grab a bite to eat.They offer both sweet and savory crepes, and you can completely customize them to your liking. The staff were friendly, and were really helpful for a first timer like myself.
5	Not the most healthiest lunch option but they are sooooo good. I've tried the Maple Dream, Americana, and Banana Berry Cinn. Each full of deliciousness that can lead to addiction. I honestly need to be more self-controlled when it comes to this place since I want to eat there everyday.It's worth the $7-10 per large crepe. Sometimes I eat half and save the other half for later. Beware of the lunch time rush. The wait can be long and seating limited, so plan accordingly. Enjoy!
5	This place is awesome! The location in Uptown is great because it's very walkable but it can be kinda tricky to spot since it's in one of the corporate centers. I've never had a crepe before and this was delicious! The place even smells amazing. I had the breakfast Americana but they also serve lunch crepes and dessert ones as well. Definitely on my list of favorite breakfast places in Charlotte.
2	A fine spot for a weekend breakfast at a reasonable price.  Nothing to write home about, but a good meal.  There are very few options Uptown Charlotte...
5	Excellent quality and nice variety of fixin's
5	YUMMY!I don't know which crepe I got but something along the lines of .. turkey, tomato, mozzarella, avocadoIt was delicious and I ate very single bite!Didn't feel too heavy and was a great breakfast.
5	Goodness, could there be anything more delicious...I could not decide what I wanted more to start with dessert just in case I got full or have a normal meal progression. In the end I started with dessert which was fantabulous!! The Nutella Banana!!! This is a light melt in your mouth crepe.
5	Addicted to these crepes! Everything on the menu is amazing and the staff is extremely friendly! If you have the time and if you're nearby, stop in here and try a crepe!
5	Great place for crepes.  I was in Charlotte for two days and had breakfast here both mornings.  Unique offerings at a fair price, can't ask for more than that.
5	Okay if u want a sit down and be served breakfast this isn't it. But if all you want are delicious things to put in your mouth... this is the place. Its located in a bank building with food court type seating. We had a crepe with turkey and bacon and chipotle aioli and it was just amazing and packed with flavor. For a sweet ending we had a berries delight with strawberries goat cheese and walnuts drizzled in honey.... whaaaat? So yummy
4	The crepes were delicious & the service was pretty quick. We enjoyed our experience here. They have an interesting menu and are fairly priced. Also has a nice atmosphere! Go !
5	I rarely get to go here since they close at 3pm. So the weekends are my only option. But one day, my brother was the only person to take me to places and when I asked him if I could go he was like, "eeeeeehhhh i don't like crepes." and i was like what? W H A T ??? b/c there were like different kinds of things put inside of the crepes how could he not like crepes i don't understand. i already tried the strawberry and whipped cream, and that taste got me hooked and now every weekend i yearn to go here because i need that fix. bruh. i need the fix. brrruuhhh.
4	Well, I wasn't really expecting to love it. I'm forever locked into that constant struggle where I love big meals but I'm trying not to LOOK like I love big meals. In my head, I know that a lunch crepe would be a good lunch. But then the stomach gets involved and I feel wary that I'll still be hungry when the meal is over.The good news is that I loved it. Enough food to be satisfied but not enough to bring on the post-food coma.I have tried a buffalo chicken crepe and a curry crepe.  The curry one was easily the best of the two, but both were very good. Watch out for the lunch rush, seating is pretty limited here.
5	This place is absolutely delicious. The Maple Dream might be my favorite food.
5	OMG the food is amazing. I had the curry chicken crepe. It was to die for. I am placing another order to take home.
5	This tiny creperie is a delicious new addition to Charlotte, and within walking distance to Bank of America Stadium! It's like a subway of crepes, except mind-blowingly delicious! I highly recommend the day's special, the Chiliman's crepe, which was a savory concoction of chicken, sausage, green peppers, and a calico creole aioli. It was absolutely amazing! I'd love to go back and try one of their sweet crepes, since they were a big hit with the rest of our party! Their coffee is locally roasted and tastes like heaven. My only gripe (and I'm really reaching with this) is a lack of seating, but in such a small little place you can't expect too much! I highly recommend this as a must-stop on anyone's day!
5	Love love love this place. Great ingredients and great food! Only complaint is that the wait time for your food can be awhile. Other than that, best crepes hands down! They just opened a new location in the Public Market so check that location out too! Hope they keep growing, because I would love to have one up in Birkdale!
5	Absolutely the Best Crepes I've had in Charlotte.  The Maple Dream is perfection in a Crepe.I would highly recommend for breakfast, a little unusual setting but the food is great.
5	The new location in 7th street market is excellent.  Fresh and done right.  Best crepe I've ever had.   Enjoyed the curry chicken crepe.
5	Delicious!!
5	Fantastic crepes n service with a smile. A definite not to miss if ur in downtown Charlotte.
5	Cute little corner of uptown Charlotte.  The crepes are really good, but above all is the attitude of the owner (I think it was him) and the staff in general.  After a New Year's Day breakfast, we lingered and wanted a second cup of coffee.  Since we only wanted a little more, and we still had our cups, the owner simply waived the charge and gave us the refill.  That's the mark of a successful entrepreneur:  lose a few cents on a cup of coffee and make a customer for life.  Thanks for the coffee, and the good eats.  We'll definitely be back.
3	Crepes were great. Although, the lady who was working the register was very rude when I asked if meat could be excluded from a specific crepe. She made an annoyed face at me and was rude for the rest of the transaction. Great food! Not so great service.
