5	I have been waiting for this place to open since I saw the name. I mean come on with a name like Meatball spot it just sounded like my knd of place. I had just happened to be in town square walking around and to my surprise it was finally open for business. My server was Rosa she was very friendly and the Bartender Hannah was also. I ordered a sandwich with 2 classic meatballs and garlic Parmasian sauce on a French Baguette and chose the Provalone cheese option. I only wish I had been more hungry because it was delicious. I can't wait to try more of the different kinds of meatballs they have. Classic, Pork, Beef , Chicken, Turkey, and Even a Vegetarian option. I happen to be the first to review this Meatball spot, I told Hannah and she introduced me to Ron one of the owners. He seem to be a really nice guy. I am pretty sure this place will do well with the staff and food that they have.It is also very reasonably priced with nothing over $16 on the menu and you can get a sandwich with 4 meatballs and awesome crusty French bread for under $7.00 with your choice of sauce and bread. I think subway meatball sandwich cost more than that. This is great price for the quality of food that your getting!!!
1	After also waiting for this place to open I came for lunch, mind you there were only about 3 tables seated during the time. It was all hype! The food was mediocre: the meatballs were lukewarm, the baguettes were overly toasted that I couldn't bite down on them. The salads were decent but needed some salt. The service itself was painfully slow. The food took 20-30 min to come out and we had a very simple order. When it came time to pay the servers didnt seem to be properly trained with the register system. It took, literally, 20 min to pay!! One of the managers decided to treat us to gelato while we waited for it to be situated. Once the checks came out they weren't even processed correctly. They should have just comped the entire meal, a measly $10 per person, instead of us waiting soooo long and not getting it right the first time. We ended up back at work late. Will most likely not be coming back...first impressions are everything.
3	The new hangout spot at Town Square. Nice ambiance and good decor. We arrived at around 5:45pm and was sort of seated right away (the hostess looked like she was lost on where she was supposed to seat us).  Waiter came along after 5 minutes to take our order.  The food came probably after 20 minutes. I ordered the Classic Meatball with Garlic Parmesan sauce which was recommended by the waitress. It was pretty good. It was very flavorful. I loved the toast on the side, really crunchy and buttery.  The sauce had a hint of garlic, just right. My bf ordered a Beef Meatball with Spicy Meat Sauce. It was also good but I think mine was better. The meatballs were moist and not over cooked. Here comes the issues:(1) it says on the menu (see photos uploaded) an order of any meatball dish comes with 4 meatballs but the dishes that we got only had 3. (2) we ordered the Apple Spinach salad and it came out to be very very very salty. It had pecans and Gorgonzola in it. The manager was very nice that he asked us if we wanted a new Apple salad or wanted to pick something else. We decided to get the Pear Baby Arugula salad. The replacement salad came out after we finished our main dishes and the waitress offering us if we wanted to get our bill. How's that? (3) when the Pear Baby Arugula salad finally came out, it was still very very salty. The Manager was very nice to send us a half order of the Spinach Fennel salad with pine nuts, red onions and tangerines with citrus dressing. The latter wasn't bad. It's just that the spinach looked a little wilted.The Manager was also very nice to comp us two scoops of their gelato. I tried the lemon (too sour for me), sea salt caramel (nothing special). Finally I found what I wanted which was the mint chocolate. Really good. My bf got the pistachio and it was also good. Now here comes another issue, it took us probably 10 minutes to get the bill and another 10 minutes for someone to get it. I commend them though for the reasonable price of their food compared to the other restaurants at Town Square.So, if you have a long time to spare to have dinner, try Meatball Spot.  If you're sort of in a hurry to catch a movie, go somewhere else.All in all, we might be back. I love their Classic Meatball and side toast.
1	Horrible service and attitude! We asked with the manager regarding the false advertising of 4 meatballs clearly printed on the menu and customers only getting three (false advertising to get you to come in and sit down) HUGE BAIT ANS SWITCH! Instead of being appogetic when speaking with the manager/co owner, he gave me lip and huge attitude! Avoid this rip off and horrible customer Service! I even asked someone else that just ate there and they say avoid, so I did exactly that and I recommend you do the same. Yard House right next door is the bomb and your $ is much better spent there!
1	OMG!!! I am speechless what came out of the manager's mouth!  My boyfriend and I were thinking of trying out this place but I heard a customer asking about the FOUR Meatballs advertising vs. people only getting THREE Meatballs question and the MANAGER'S reply was 'I just told you 2 seconds ago is Three and not Four'.  HORRIBLE ATTITUDE AND SERVICE in my opinion from MANAGEMENT. For that, we walked away.  My money is better spend somewhere else if not for food is for the great service.  The rating for that is a BIG FAT ZERO!!!
3	I'll be nice and give them a 3 stars since they just open not to long ago. So, since my friend and I were hanging out at town square to watch a movie, walk around and shop for new clothing. We decided to grab a bite to eat after a long day of hanging out and whatnot. We were debating on where to eat at in town square since they have a few places to eat at. We decided to go to meatball spot because it was the least busiest, get to watch a football game, grab some food and enjoy a beer or two. Now, when we got the there, the wait wasn't to bad. Only like 5 minutes or so. But the service itself was very blah to me. The waiter was cool and whatnot but it took her awhile to get to us, and just to get our drink orders. Our drink orders!!!!! Let alone our food order. The food was pretty good though for the price which wasnt to bad.I understand that they just opened up and whatnot but they need to do some adjustments with service or else they will be one of the unfortunate businesses that will go down.
1	I've had better service at the rudest McDonalds... I went there with the hopeful intentions of a milkshake and ice cream sandwich. What happened instead, was a display of the worst customer service I have ever had. When I walked in, I was almost plowed into by the hostess, with a breathy "Table for 2?"... No hello, no welcome... We then approached the bar area, where we went to order two milkshakes. We were then told that they "didn't have enough glasses to serve milkshakes." Ok, fine, I'll give you that they just opened, but if they didn't have everything, then they shouldn't have opened. My Fiancee and I then went to Yogurtland, and on our return to sit on the benches by Double Helix, I see someone sitting at the front of the restaurant with a suspicious looking drink. I approach the woman, and ask if that was a milkshake, and she replies "yes". I then become quite offended, and as I walk in and ask for a manager, he overheard my question, and then proceeds to offer to make us milkshakes... Mind you, he is standing in front of the register ready to ring up my order, WHILE we are holding two full Yogurtland cups. Instead of apologizing and offering for us to come back, we were met with the offer of paying nearly $12 for two additional deserts, that would have been served with a side of disdain and "well, you caught us, heres a shake." I've gotten bad service before, but for the life of me, I can't image a place not wanting to take my $12. If you are thinking about going to this place, please, take your money and rip it up and flush it down the toilet. At least the experience will be more satisfying than spending even 10 minutes in this "Customer Service Hell"
2	Unfortunately, I was not very impressed with this place. I was all excited to see a new spot crop up in Town Square, but this place left me underwhelmed. On a complete aside, is it weird that I want them to loop the movie Rain with a chance of Meatballs at all times? Anywho, I ordered the 3 chicken meatballs with spicy meat sauce. First of all, NOT SPICY AT ALL! Secondly, I'm not trying to be mean, but the frozen meatballs at Costco taste better. These meatballs were more "stuff" and less meat. And it was not tasty. Sorry. I also tried the classic meatball, no bueno. My friend said the best one of the sampler was the veggie. The vegetarian meatball was the best at a MEATBALL restaurant. You figure that one out. Anyways, the shakes were pretty bomb according to my buddy. The cake batter shake tastes like a cupcake. It must have been pretty good because it was finished before I even got a chance to try it.
2	3rd times a charm? Not this time! I understand this business just opened however the name is Meatball spot, i came in on a Saturday and they were not serving Meatballs...? I came in the next day, Sunday, once again to my disbelief they did not have Meatballs... The 2 stars I left is because the Hostess was very sweet and enthusiastic I wish i could rate this business on how friendly she was to my husband and I. Unfortunately the rest of the staff is not as friendly. This last week my husband and i returned for Dinner and a movie, we really wanted to try those meatballs, Our waiter was rude up until he brought out the check. The Food was mediocre but we only received 3 meatballs not 4 like it says on the menu....  I understand this business is new and just opened i just hope they can get it together soon or they will not last with the Competing neighboring business's.
3	Tried this place out for lunch and it was interestingly...very uninteresting.  The place has been completely remodeled and looks great!  It resembles a swanky pizza joint and has the bright airy open feel that the old restaurant in its completely lacked.  It was pretty slow and we were greeted and seated right away.  The guy who seated us must have been one of the owners.  He wasn't exactly friendly.  I asked him how long they were open and he said "just opened a few days" as he walked away obviously avoiding small talk.  As someone else pointed out, the 4 meatballs on the menu are actually 3 slightly larger meatballs.  REPRINT your menus!!  Seriously.  The server seemed completely unenthusiastic about her job.  I'm not asking for Hard Rock Cafe enthusiasm (any of you who've ever eaten there know what I mean, they are WAY too happy to be real servers), but at least smile and be friendly.   And another thing, I'm a firm believer in  complete full disclosure upfront, especially if your food menu is as short and simple as Meatball Spot's.  If you are out of something as popular as fries, please tell me now and don't wait til I've decided to order them and have worked up an appetite and imagination of delicious golden garlic butter covered fries melting in my mouth.  Seriously.  Anyway, we ordered the beef meatballs, and they were actually really good.  Tender, juicy and the spicy meat sauce was great too.  The portion for lunch was perfect, though I wish they would have given me just one more piece of garlic bread.  The food was good and I'd probably grab lunch there again since I work at Town Square, but I wouldn't go there for dinner and I'd never suggest it to anyone.  While I have no complaints about the food, the menu overall was very boring and lacked anything that would make it last and stand out.  These are just plain normal meatballs you could make at home if you have any basic skills in the kitchen.  The staff overall lacked personality, resulting in a very dull atmosphere. Granted, this was a 45-minute lunch experience so I'd give it another shot, however, with the fast pace of restaurants coming in and out of that spot, I'm at a loss as to why all the hard work would go into opening a restaurant and not putting your absolute best foot forward.  I'd be watching my staff like a hawk and making sure I have friendly, enthusiastic, outgoing people.  Also, they really need to be on point, which means reprint your damn menus if you're now only serving 3 instead of 4 meatballs. It just looks SO terrible on YOU, especially since you're a new restaurant and judgy annoying people like me are going to be judging you up and down as if you're the new makeover project on Queer Eye for a Straight Guy. Just sayin.
4	I don't get all the negativity.  This food is wonderful.  My wife and I had lunch yesterday and we tried several of the menu items out.  They were all very tasty. The restaurant as you walk in is very roomy and inviting. We were promptly greeted by the hostess with a smile and were quickly whisked away to a table.  Every employee we came in contact with had a smile on their face and greeted us very cordially.  The management staff visited our table several times as well as owners and their very own celebrity chef, Mrs. Pelligrino. Her recipes are wonderful.  As a big Italian that grew up eating meatballs on a regular basis, I like to think, I know a good one when I eat them.  These were great...we had chicken meatballs with garlic parm. sauce and the originals with spicy meat sauce....both very tender and exquisitely prepared.  We also tried the Mac and cheese that had just the right amount of bread crumbs toasted on top.  Finally for dessert, we tried the homemade peanut butter ice cream sandwich. One of about 6 choices.  It was wonderful.  This place is extremely affordable, located in a great setting, with a very friendly staff.  What else can you ask for?  Good luck guys, I'll be back without a doubt!!!
3	The meatballs are wonderful. They make 7 different kinds with several different sauces. You can have them on a plate or on a roll with 1-3 meatballs. You can order several different sides of pasta to go along with them as well. They also server salads and pizza. Let me tell you the pizza is huge it comes on a tray you can get a whole or a half tray but it's huge. They have a nice selection of beer and wine. For us kids at heart Ice cream shakes too. The only thing that I found disappointing was they had a risotto special on the menu that I did not like and asked if I could just get an order of just plain risotto was told no.
2	It always kills me to write a negative review, when the idea and the execution was good, but a staff full of arrogant kids brought the whole thing down like a boat anchor. The worst part about when this happens, is that it usually starts with a good idea, lots of enthusiasm, a creative menu, and a ton of money.....and you have to wonder after it crashes and burns, if they ever do realize that it was the self-centered staff that actually did them in.Such is the case here with the Meatball Spot.We arrived at 6:30pm, and there were 4 people at the hostess stand. We approached, and they were chatting amongst themselves, so we waited. And waited. And waited. At around the 2 minute mark, it was laughable, so my wife says to me, "Should we set ourselves on fire?". This prompted someone to tear themselves away briefly (from what was only a personal conversation mind you, not a business crisis), and say, "Just the 2 of you?", followed by "There's a 20min wait, do you want to get on the waiting list?". We said yes. Then, they took our last name, then our first name, then (for some reason) our phone number. No greeting, no politeness, just the facts, and that was it, then back to their private conversation. We interrupted one more time, and asked if we could wait at the bar, to which thy replied, "Sure, if there's room". There was.Now, here's a bit of an unfair generalization that my wife likes to make, and it used to make me angry, until it proved true so many times that I no longer had a leg to stand on. I'll preface this by saying that my wife is a stickler for the perfect dirty martini. So when she ordered a remedial drink, I asked why she didn't get a martini, to which she replied, "The staff is too beautiful to make a good martini". And the broader generalization she is making here, is her own observation that the more picturesque the staff is in a given service-industry venue, the worse the service is going to be. Now again, I used to get angry at this generalization, but I've come to accept it as being true, far more often than false. So I really take the place in. All of the hostesses, the wait staff, the bartenders, even the bussers were all right out of a fashion magazine. Then, everything just fell like dominoes. Busser grabbed my drink before I was finished, unattentive bartender needed to be flagged down before I could get another, 30 minutes later, we asked for a menu, and decided since our table wasn't ready (half of the table were empty mind you) that we'd get apps at the bar. When apps were done, we ordered dinner.The server didn't write down the order, as is so trendy to do now. It was a simple 4-topping pizza, so I asked her to repeat it, and she repeated 3 out of 4. I repeated the 4, and she repeated a different 3 out of the four. I repeated it again, this time counting on my fingers, so at least she'd have the four-finger visual in her head. But no, the pizza came out with only 3 toppings anyhow.In any case, the pizza was actually pretty good. But the service was such a joke, beginning to end, that it did not matter. A chain is only as strong as its weakest link. And in las Vegas, the customer service capital of the world, that had better be your strongest link. Here, it was their weakest, and that will be their undoing.There are so many good choices in Las Vegas, I have no reason whatsoever to return to this establishment.
3	This is a nice new addition to the other restaurant choices around Town Square.  Not sure what's with all the one star reviews but I would put this at a solid 3.5 stars.  Atmosphere was pretty cool and the service at the bar was fine.We went with the classic meatballs with spicy tomato sauce (not spicy) and mozzarella and also got an order of 3 beef meatballs with mushroom sauce topped with provolone and fried egg.  The cheese and egg are a dollar extra and each bowl of meatballs comes with a piece of bread.  We also ordered the "garbage salad" which was a nice mix of salami, cheese, olives and the other usual suspects.  The meatballs themselves were damn good.  The classic was very tender with it being a mix of pork, veal and beef.  The beef meatballs were a lot more solid and went well with the mushroom sauce.  We both wished there was more bread with the orders and asked for an extra piece which they kindly gave at no extra charge.  Maybe the meatball sandwich is what I'd get next time.  It was also kind of weird to just have meatballs as a main course for dinner.  This seems like a snack place for me. Or you could go with splitting an order of meatballs and go for more sides like pasta, risotto or vegetables instead.I am not sure if they have happy hour but it sounds like something that would be a big hit here.
2	I was excited to try this place because I enjoy going to Town Square. A couple of my favorite stores are there; Bebe and MAC to name a few. I was at a Las Vegas Chamber of Commerce Event and decided with my bud Kamila to check it out. I remember Nu Sanctuary and the decor and food which in the beginning were really good. Well, the ambiance when I walked in was OK. I wanted to sit at the bar but we were invited to share a table with friends. The waiter came over and was almost nice. I am a wine drinker. There is one Chardonnay on the menu and maybe four other wines to choose from. It's an Italian eatery so I was very surprised. I lived in Europe almost 15 years and the San Francisco bay area more than 10, I was kind of expecting a honkin wine list. Maybe some Grappa, Armagnac, Cognac, whatever. The price for the wine was reasonable though at $7. Never heard of the vineyard. The waiter could care less. Two of my friends ordered meatballs and Kam and I decided on a Caprese and a Chopped salad but the smaller version; both for $5.95 a piece. I literally got two small slivers of mozzarella and two even smaller slices of tomato. No bread. The chopped salad was even skimpier. Not enough to fill your back tooth. Keep in mind I am 5'4 and 110 lbs but I eat like I'm goin to the chair. My meatball dinner bud asked for bread and the waiter told him he didn't order enough food to warrant having bread. Huh? I was MORTIFIED! Who says this?? The waiter brings out a large dinner plate with two thin slices of hard bread. I looked at him like he was a car, and it wasn't a Ferrari... There were a lot of guys in the restaurant. Compared to women: 15 to 1. I found the staff to be confused and arrogant with the exception of one girl who had no authority but was gracious, the others had frowns and smirks and were ill trained. I realize that it may not be a high priced place HOWEVER..... If people don't line up to come back you will go out of business faster than you can say wtf Stevie D and Carla Pellegrino why?? I adore her and I liked Bacio. I will pay 15 for a glass of wine and a DECENT salad slash meal. Pacify me....Fix it guys or you will go under faster than you can say where's the bread....
2	Generic.Here is some advice to the owners of this restaurant: Ditch the bread you are using for your sandwiches.  You should be using soft white bread and have the option for melted Provolone cheese with the meatballs. It will make a HUGE difference.  The bread you use sucks ass.  Hard as a rock = not cool.I will say I love their Baby Arugula salad with the pears.  Oh my god, amazing.  Otherwise, this place is nothing to write home about.  The atmosphere is nice and the servers are friendly but unless they make certain changes, I don't see this place staying open.  Also, $6.95 for a milkshake? WTF..... no way.
5	Wow, what is with the hatred of this place?Every single piece of food on the menu is good. Some are better than others, obviously, but everything is solid and you will not be unhappy no matter what you order.The waitress told us the Parmesan sauce is the best one for the meatnballs, so I ordered that. She was right, it is FANTASTIC! You get 3 decent sized meatballs for $7. Couple that with a $5-6 side dish, and it is just the right amount of food.They have a milkshake menu that is slightly overpriced at $6 a piece, but they have fun varieties and a ton to choose from, so if you're a milkshake person, you will enjoy it.The pizzas are HUGE and actually a very good deal, for the size you are getting. The pizza is also FANTASTIC. Easily in the top 3 I have had in Vegas thus far. We were a party of 10. They told us they would seat us within 30 minutes. They seated us within 30 minutes. The servers were fast, efficient, and got every single one of our orders right. My ONLY pet peeve about this place...we spent $250 on food and drinks and when we told the waitress we had a birthday girl in the party, they refused to bring her a dessert and sing for her! We were told by the waitress that "We don't do free birthday dessert. Do you want to buy one?" WHAT?? We spent $250 and they couldn't give us a $7 dessert? That's just cheap and bad customer service. And definitely NOT the way to get a loyal fan base when you are a brand new restaurant.But, other than that EXTREMELY vexing point, our experience here was a great time and we loved everything about The Meatball Spot. For a place with a name that does not sounds very good, it was delicious!
2	The food was good and the prices were very reasonable but the service was really lacking. Our bartender was cute, but not very bright and it took almost 10 minutes from the time she took my order to get my glass of wine. Then they were out of wine glasses, so I got a tall water glass. How is a restaurant out of wine glasses?!? Our server stopped by our table a few times to say he would be right with us, but we still waited a long time to place our order. Then we were missing several things when it finally did come. And our salads came out with our meals. I will definitely try it again based on the good food and pricing. I just hope they can get the service up to par.
2	The good stuff: Delicious "classic" meatballs with tomato sauce, cool decor, friendly management (who handled our situation very well)The bad stuff: Super slow service, horrendous caesar salad (bland, dressing tasted like mayonnaise), rock hard bread (literally could barely chew it), side of pasta was a portion fit for a small childI hate to say it, but I doubt this place will last very long unless some serious changes are made.
2	Food was good the peanut butter shake was delish.  Service was OK.  The management was horrible.  Very smug and not at all apologetic for mistakes that were made with our order.  I might come back for the food but some definite changes need to be made if the restaurant is going to stay open.
2	Meh!  Not impressed.Got here about 11:45am on a Saturday... they were not too busy yet... but well staffed (as there were servers, bussers and other working folks around).... However, it took a server... any server 15 minutes to acknowledge us... and when she did... and we asked if she was our server... she politely said, "No... I'll go find her".... and she took our drink order... so that was good.  But still!  .... the hostess needs to notify the server she's "sat" her table... HELLO!  No reason we should have been waiting that long .... when it's pratically empty in the place.Our server finally showed up.... she was very nice.... but nice only goes so far in my book.The Bloody Marys we ordered were 'ok'.... I've had better. The base was weak and thin.... I like a thicker, more fuller-bodied Bloody mix. I ordered a half arugula salad and 1 meatball slider.The salad was fresh, crispy, light and lovely.  It was a great salad.... however this place is called "Meatball Spot"... not Salad Spot.The meatball slider was dry and the mushroom sauce I ordered with it was barely there.... I mean... Really?  Drench the meatball in sauce and people might not notice it's dry.My GF didn't care for her 3 meatball sandwich with spicy meat marinara.  Again... hardly any sauce.She also got a side of Mac N Cheese.... and it was good but nothing to rave about...
5	I love this place. Get the turkey or Vegie balls with regular or spicy tomato sauce. Been here twice in six days..... So fun, great food, music, and sweet servers.
5	We went here on Halloween with my baby and mother and father-in-law. The service was really friendly, the food was great and the prices were reasonable. We will go back.
2	I gave this place a try even though I read terrible reviews. It was a disappointment that the negative reviews lived up to it's expectations.I went with a party of 6 on a Friday night. The wait was 45 minutes which none of us minded because we were all thrilled to dine here since they opened. We had two waitresses both who were unprofessional. We ordered our food. About 40 minutes later they brought out our friends' pizzas but not the meatballs we ore
2	My wife and I ended up here by complete accident and I wouldn't have been sad if we never went here at all.  I'm not a big fan of Town Square as I feel the restaurants are overpriced, much like the Strip.  The Meatball Spot is no exception.  Our server was okay but he seemed more interested in his iPad way of taking our order than actually taking our order.  As I said, it was an accident, because the movie we wanted to see was sold out.  Not wanting to waste a babysitter we decided to grab a late afternoon drink and a snack.  I had a $7 beer that seemed like it was an 11 oz. pour and my wife tried to play it safe with the Sangria.  Someone must have been playing a mean joke because it was the worst Sangria either of us had ever tasted.  Sour, sugary, with not a hint of booze, and it came in right around $8.  Awful and undrinkable.For the food portion we decided to share the Apple, Pecan, Gorgonzola Salad and it was pretty tasty but was small for what we paid for.  We then decided to share the 'Daily Special' Chicken Meatballs which weren't too great.  Three Meatballs, a little sauce, and a tiny piece of bread.  The meatballs were moist but way too spicy, in a Spanish way, as was the sauce they were in.  Our afternoon drink and a snack set us back around $45 and I could have had a better meal at Sweet Tomatoes for less than half the price.
4	Pretty cool atmosphere.  Definitely has that big city rustic feel.  The menu is surprisingly inexpensive and good.  The music is chill but the venue is a bit noisy but not enough not to give this new addition too town square a shot.
1	I was pretty hesitant about giving this place a shot seeing that almost all the reviews were negative however, I like to keep an open mind so a group of my friends and I all went in hopes that we would be able to prove the negativity wrong.Unfortunately, the Meatball Spot was everything the reviewers that left the poor reviews described.When we arrived, my fiance and I put our name down for the table and was told it was going to be a 45 minute wait which was fine by us since the rest of our party were still on their way and we expected a long wait seeing it was a busy Friday night. The thing I liked was rather than giving you a little vibrating coaster to alert you the table is ready, they take your number and call you so you can wander Townsquare and shop while you wait. Eventually we were seated and were greeted by a less than enthused waitress. She took our drink orders and after we browsed over our options, we ordered. I got myself the strawberry spinach salad, my fiance ordered a half a tray of pizza (which was HUGE), and the rest of our friends got meatballs/meatball sandwiches. About 30-40 minutes later, the pizza came out. Surprised at how big it was, my fiance insisted our friends to help themselves but we were all taken aback at how greasy it was. There was literally a pool of grease that collected in the very middle of the pizza. Honestly, Little Caesars makes better pizza than what Meatball Spot made.About 20 minutes later the waitress's assistant came over to check on us and asked if we were missing anything. Uh, YEAH, just about the rest of the table's orders! She scurried to the back to "check on our orders" but after another 15 minutes of waiting, our original waitress came back and asked if we ordered other items. My friend, who is super polite, nicely explained that we all ordered food and the only thing that came out was the pizza. The waitress ran back and came over after another 10 minutes to apologize saying that they were still making our food AKA she probably never put in the order and just inputted it right then and there. Of course, after waiting yet again, the rest of the food comes out all together. The salad I ordered was alright. It was saltier than it should have been seeing it was a strawberry and spinach salad with strawberry vinegarette.  The meatballs were also extremely salty. I do have to say though, the mac n cheese they have is pretty amazing. Other than that, the rest of the food sucked.All in all, the service is crap, the food is crap, but the food is cheap. Clearly you get what you pay for.
3	I've been wanting to try this place for awhile but was definitely put off by the reviews of terrible service, so... I finally did, and... it was not as bad as I thought!The 3 of us walk up to the entrance, there are several hostesses standing around and they immediately greeted us, so that's a plus. They did not seem rude at all and were very inviting. We ended up sitting on the patio so I can't really review the interior. One friend ordered the meatball smash with chicken meatballs and spicy meat sauce with a cesar salad. He thought the chicken meatballs were excellent. I was rather impressed with the size of the sandwich, it was a lot larger than I was expecting. The half cesar salad he got was a decent size for the price. My other friend got the classic meatballs with spicy meat sauce and was impressed as well. Sooo, I ended up getting the turkey meatballs. I thought they were a little on the dry side but still good. I got the pesto sauce which I wasn't entirely happy with. It was definitely a little more oily and I was expecting a thicker sauce, but it was pesto so, whatever. I don't think I would try that sauce next time. Downside? Well, i DID order a house salad but it was never brought out. We asked for extra bread and the server forgot that too. So, negative points. He also tried to take my plate before I was done eating and tried to take my water as well, but both of those are minor things as our server seemed nice but a little awkward and new at waiting tables, so I won't be too critical on his service. Overall, the food is pretty good and not too bad price wise. Seriously though, don't expect the service to be top quality, it seems like a lot of new/young people working there. The meatballs are legit.
3	Went here the other night to meet a group of ladies for drinks. Walked in and was immediately greeted and escorted to my table. Desiree our waitress came up to take my drink order - so I ordered a glass of Pinot Noir. I didn't get a chance to look at the menu because one of the women had taken the liberty to order 2 large trays of pizza, which after served was more than enough food. I had read about the meatballs, and since its in the name I wanted to try them, but we had plenty of food, so I will do so next time. The pizza was ok. The sauce didn't have much flavor and I thought the crust was tough. There was lots of fresh basil chopped on top so that was nice & tasty. Our server checked on us often and was very accomodating to everything. The service is great, and I will definitely go back to try their meatballs!
2	This spot at Town Square has been revamped a few times already but when I saw who was behind the Meatball Spot, I was very excited. I thought, "This will definitely be the one to stay." I tried it last night and I was quite disappointed with the food. I do give credit to my server who spent a lot of time explaining their menu and the tastes of the different sauces, but other than her friendliness, the food fell very short of expectations.I ordered a side of spaghetti with pesto sauce ($5.95) and a three meatball sandwich (chose the Chicken meatballs with a jalapeno-type spicy sauce). The side of spaghetti was extremely small and the pesto seemed very unbalanced with the amount of oil and herbs. I think it could have tasted a lot better, but what didn't help was that it came out barely lukewarm. The texture of the sauce was very thick and the olive oil was overpowering the "pesto" taste. The meatball sandwich was also barely lukewarm. The bread wasn't toasted, it was served cold. I thought that it would have a nice crisp to it as a meatball sandwich/sub/hoagie (whatever you want to call it) but it was really tough and chewy. For what it's worth, I thought the chicken meatball jalapeno taste was unique and alright, but the temperature of the food needs to be much hotter.
2	well at least the service was ok. I ordered the classic meatballs. kind of chocky taste and tiny bit of sauce. got cheese on it that was extra cost. didnt help. was told by bartender they are not the best they have? classic? asked for more sauce and was charged for that and then got about 3 oz only. bread was ok but not great. ordered pizza with bacon sausage and pepperoni. small is size of cookie sheet cut into 8 slices literally with one small slice of pep, one small crumble of bacon and one small crumble of sausage almost on each slice. no tomato sauce, they use orange cheddar cheese and its very greasy. in other words, pizza sucks. wine list is very small and the pours are light in small glasses. asked about advertisement that says "since 1977" turns out thats when the owner or creator was born. Not going back. the only saving grace was the hispanic female bartender. Shes worth a look.
1	Thanksgiving weekend...My bday (11/24/2012)...Simple idea...simple concept...right?  We figured to try after coming out from the movies...High marks for the ambience and the "eye candy" servers / staff... Long story short...I had asked our server for here recommendation..."beef meatball/ white sauce/with an egg"...ok, I went with it but made it clear to her that as long as I didn't get "sick."  We'll as you guested it, I spent the rest of bday night back at the hotel.  But I was more disappointed that my wife had to wait & wait for "extra" sauce...that the kitchen ran out of...very strange that they ran out so quickly at an early dinner rush!...poor planning / kitchen managing or the server forgot and used that excuse?  But I do think this NEW eatery will work out the "bugs."  Just avoid my order (above) till then & ask for extra sauce with your order!
4	A star for the hostess... a star for the mushroom cream sauce....another star for the hostess..... a half star for the chopped salad....and oh fuck it...more more 1/2 star for the hostess...Its different.....great if you are a low carb, high protein type of person...  you wouldnt think that some effin meatballs and a toasted french bread would fill you up... you are oh so wrong......Ordered 3 types of meatballs and a salad....  stuffed like a mother effin turducken.....Will be back for the hostess and the mushroom gravy.....Great locale....5 mins from McCarron.....
2	Nice new location in Town Square. Meatball Spot is a new concept in dining. Meatballs are the entree and you order sides to go along with them. I tried three different meatballs and they were all good. The Vegetarian at the table said her veggie meatballs were dry and not that great. Caesar salad over dressed with a not so tasty caesar dressing. Didn't eat it. Bread was horrible and they don't offer garlic bread. Side of pasta was small, but good and not pricey. Sangria was like no other I have ever tasted - and not in a good way - too sweet. Server was knowledgable about the food, but once the order was taken she never checked back on us. Hostess were dressed nice and the uniforms for the servers and managers looked sloppy. It would help giving the servers a waiters apron around their waste. interior design is very well done. One of the owners Steve Davidovici (Stevie D) was there barking orders to everyone in site - this was very annoying to us and the guests around us. He was loud, rude and lacked any people skills dealing with staff. We mentioned this to him and he was so shocked we said anything, he abruptly turned around and walked away without saying one word. I was in the restaurant business 15 years and I have never seen a reaction to a customer complaint like this. Very unprofessional Stevie D!Chef Carla was seen walking around the restaurant but not stopping at any of the tables to find out how they were enjoying the food. Some of the recipes still need to be tweaked.They need to bring in an experienced front of the house manager with good training and people skills to get the servers where they need to be. The Kitchen should be asking for feedback when it comes to the food.
1	Horrible on all counts- service, attitude, food, price.  First visit OK but next visit made me decide to never return.  They have a lot of work to do to raise the bar.
2	They get two stars simply because their milkshakes are pretty awesome but other than that there isn't one feature of the establishment even worth complimenting. Wait I take that back the women they have chosen to work their are absolutely gorgeous but are more interested in other things than service. I literally had to flag one of them down every time I needed something. No kind of awareness at all. Food was mediocre definitely not right for the price. Only reason to visit would be for the beautiful women and the milkshakes. Other than that the meatball spot can be erased from one's memory.
2	Made a reservation by phone for a Saturday night.  Open table did not take reservations. I ordered a Panzanella Salad, the ingredients were listed as for all the salads.  I ordered the 2 meatballs on a baguette.  I will say the classic meatballs and classic sauce were very good.  However, I think for the salad they needed to say this is a crouton salad, for someone unfamiliar with that name.  I am a salad person and all their salads listed croutons.  It was a disgrace to look at.  Within minutes of getting the salads the meatballs came out.  I returned the salad and ordered a caesar salad, which I reminded the waitress once about, Was done with my meal, 25 minutes later and still never received the salad.  I told them I wasn't ordering  the salad as a dessert and they should forget about it.  That was annoying, I must say.carla was their  walking around, but not going over to the tables to see how everything was, I guess she was scared to hear the complaints.  I would go back again, but I wouldn't go out of my way just to go, and don't think I would want to recommend it to friends.  I would be embarrassed if they had complaints about it.
2	Ok not sure if I would make another trip had better in town,really kind of disappointing
2	Wanted to try eating here after seeing a blurb in the paper about Mike Tyson eating Vegan meatballs and pizza at this restaurant. The reallity is they do offer vegetable meatballs on the menu, but vegetable is not the same as vegan so didn't work for 1 eater who ended up with salad and broccoli. I ate meatballs and salad-the Apple salad was good but overpriced for the size as was the full size salad my husband ate, and the meatballs were-a bowl with 3 meatballs and sauce. This concept is just weird-not good weird-just weird.
2	I wanted to like this place.  I really did.I read the reviews prior to going, but still wanted to give it a try.The service was not bad as stated in other reviews.We ordered a large kitchen sink salad to split between my family.  It was enough for two people to share.The meatballs were meh.  The sauce meh.  They were out of broccoli.  I had high hopes.  I will not go back.
4	Definitely the best venue in this spot so far at Town Square. Very reasonable prices and the meatballs are super tasty. We got the turkey with pesto and the classic with classic sauce. Both were very good but man the turkey ones were ridiculously good. Definitely worth a visit and a perfect place to meet up with friends or grab food before or after a movie. Lots of industry people in here at night too if that's your thing.
2	I was excited to try the Meatball Spot but came away pretty disappointed.  The prices seem decent until you see how small the portions are.  The "full" size salads are a joke and the sides are ridiculously small.  The garlic fries cost $6 and aren't even enough for one person.  I had the classic meatballs with spicy meat sauce and they were good, but they don't come with enough sauce.  And the bread that comes with them is small, hard, and not very good.  A cool concept that fails in the execution.
4	While planning a Meet & Greet for an organization I'm part of I wound up picking this new restaurant because Brio and Double Helix were so incredibly difficult to work with for the gathering. Seriously, they wanted food and drink minimums for 15 people. Really? It was a Tuesday night. Anyway, the manager, Jess, at Meatball Spot was so gracious, accommodating, and helpful throughout the entire planning process. The get together was fairly stressful for me, so to have someone be so nice and go above and beyond really helped to relieve some of the burden I was feeling.We got a large table that was in the bar for our reservation. I ordered two of their sheets of pizza for everyone. I wish I had tried the meatballs, but it was a gathering of women so I thought the pizza would be easier. I must say that the pizza was quite excellent. Usually the women I meet with don't eat a lot, but we definitely devoured those two sheets. I read that others had problems with the service, but our server was great. At first it was a tad slow but nothing really that noticeable. She kept our wine filled and our pizza came in a reasonable amount of time. Maybe the other reviewers just hit the place when they were still working out the kinks.They were even fantastic in helping me after we had our meal. I spaced out and forgot the receipt for my expense report and they quickly found it for me and emailed it to me. The interior is hip and modern, which is perfect for Town Square and the kind of vibe Meatball Spot is going for as a concept. All in all I am VERY please with the food and the entire experience. I have already started recommending the place to friends and family and will definitely be going back next time I meet someone at Town Square. I think next time, though, I'm going to finally try a meatball or two.
1	Meatballs??? They were stall over cooked and the sauce was cold. Was looking forward to eating here after all the hype we heard about it. But batch 19 on draft was good but that was it.
2	New spot in Town Square. Cool decor and ambiance. Meatballs are the entree with sides to go along with them. My wife and I went in today, I was looking forward to it considering all the hype. We went in just before 5pm, the restaurant wasn't busy but the service was extremely S-L-O-W. I ordered three classic meatballs and a side salad (kitchen sink). Meatballs were ok, the bread on the side was small and not that great. Cool concept of a place just really failed on the execution. This place has been open approximately six weeks and it shows.
5	I don't understand all the negative reviews - the meatballs at this place were delicious, service was quick, and the price for dinner was a great bargain!  I came here with a couple of girlfriends and were immediately seated. The restaurant looks like the love child of a high-end diner and a cowboy dance parlor, and its servers looked more like tattoo artists bordering on a gothic-chic look. Despite appearances, service was fast and friendly.We each ordered a meatball dish. They have a pretty good selection of meatballs from different kinds of meat - beef, pork, turkey, and chicken. There is also a vegetarian option. For those who aren't in the mood for meatballs, they also offer several types of salad. You get to choose which type of sauce to go with your meatball entree. To my surprise, none of the meatball dishes came with any carb. So I ordered one meatball dish with an additional side of their risotto of the day (zucchini). The meatball special was a southwestern chicken meatball with jack cheese; it came with a good amount of spice and was tender and tasty. The risotto was also deliciously al dente. During dinner, the servers came several times to fill up our water. My friends also enjoyed their meal, and among the three of us, the total for dinner came to a whopping $35 + tips! That is one great value for your meal! I would definitely come back and try more of their meatball selections.
3	Despite a ton of negative reviews, we decided to try this spot out for ourselves. It was Christmas Day and they were pretty busy, probably due to the fact that there wasn't much else open to eat at Town Square. A short 10 minute wait, and we were seated.I had checked out the menu online beforehand, so I kind of knew what to expect. However, take note that their prices have changed, and are not as listed on their website. Meatballs are $7.95 now, and I know the pizza prices are different, as well. Not a huge deal, but something that may bother some people.We ordered classic meatballs with tomato sauce, beef meatballs with spicy meat sauce, and a panzanella salad. I asked out server about the salad, and asked him if it was the traditional bread salad. He replied with "I actually don't know. I guess we will find out together!" Ummm, what? He explained that not a lot of people order salads, and he's not really familiar with all of them. Inexcusable, in my opinion. The menu here is not extensive, and there is no reason not to know it inside and out. The food took about 35 minutes to arrive, which I thought was was quite long for a few meatballs and a salad. I guess we were lucky, though, as the table next to us waiting well over 45 minutes for chicken meatballs and they never ended up coming out. The server explained to them that the kitchen was very backed up, which was odd as they had received all the other food they ordered. I'm guessing the chicken meatballs had been forgotten. The food itself was actually pretty good. Decent sized meatballs, good flavor, and just enough sauce. The spicy meat sauce was really good, however I found the classic sauce to be a little lacking. The salad was nice, however, we only had three small pieces of bread in ours, and a ton of tomatoes. A little less tomato and a little more croutons would have been perfect.During dinner, our waited forgot to refill my water when asked twice. He kind of disappeared. There were other things I noticed that were not great. At one point, a server put a large tray of food directly behind an unsuspecting diner. If that diner had gotten up for any reason, that tray was going down. The same food runner also didn't seem to know who had ordered what, and while he had tickets on his tray, he was just placing food in the middle of the table, letting the diners grab it for themselves. We also felt really bad for the young guy handling the dessert/milkshake area. While waiting to be seated, we ordered two coffees to go to bring to the excellent employees at the candy store (review to follow), and we saw this poor guy struggle to keep up. At one point, he ran out of whipped cream, and asked a blonde server if she could run to the back to grab some for him. The server responded coldly "I don't have time for that." and walked away. Horrible teamwork there. I must say that the hostesses were very nice and they are a great first impression for the restaurant.Will we return? Probably. I'd like to try it out on a less busy day and see if the service was different. However, they've been open for several weeks now, and all the kinks should be worked out by now. Based mostly on the service, they get three stars from me.
2	I went here during a week night with a couple of friends, and we did not particularly enjoy our experience.The front of house was really disjointed.  It was difficult to determine who was the hostess, and where to go to ask to be seated.  We ordered several different cocktails, and all of them tasted really strange. The strawberry cream drink is especially bad, and we ended up sending these back.We ordered beef meatballs, salad, pizza, and macaroni and cheese. The pizza, salad, and meatballs were OK, nothing we would go back for, and the macaroni and cheese was kind of awful - gummy and flavorless.On a positive note, their ice cream sandwiches were fantastic.  The cookies have a perfect balance of chewy, sweet, and salty, and the ice cream and whipped cream are really delicious.
2	1 star is for the service. Our waiter was attentive and very nice.The 2nd star is for how unhesitatingly apologetic and eager to please the manager seemed after my lunch date had made complained.I heard this place has delicious dessert and milkshakes! But the name of the restaurant isn't "Dessert & Milkshake Spot". If you're gonna be called "Meatball Spot", your business better have THEE BOMBEST meatballs on the planet. Unfortunately, the taste and quality of the food was not presentable. Even the presentation lacked. Our food arrived in boring @$$ white plates and bowls. Whatever, looks aren't everything. But taste is. Not only were the meatballs bland (i had original sauce and regular meatballs), but they came out cold! Okay, not cold, but lukewarm is hardly how you want to serve food. My friend ordered a salad. It came with no dressing. heh.Breadsticks were boring too. Who doesn't at least have delicious bread? mmmmmm. bread. Anyways, friend complained. Manager was very receptive to the criticism and took a portion of the bill off and offered a drink next time we stopped in. I'll be taking him up on that (except I want a milkshake).As of right now, if you want THE BESTEST meatballs in Vegas, hit up Lavo during the day. Manager told us that the owner of Lavo owns this place too, so maybe they can share recipes.
5	Truly a fantastic meal. I would have been happy to pay 3 or 4 times the price for what I got. I have zero complaints and I've been raving about this place nonstop since my first visit. I am going to become a regular and bring a lot of friends here.My date and I each got meatballs - classic with classic sauce, and vegetarian with parmesan cream sauce, split truffled white beans and pancetta as a side, and had a Shock Top draft and a watermelon mojito to drink. All totaled, $31.71 with tax!Both main courses were divine. The sauces were tastefully portioned as an accompaniment to the meatballs, rather than drowning them. With the classic-classic combination, I got exactly what I wanted: the taste of my Italian grandmother's cooking that I loved so fondly as a child. Tender meatballs and silky, fresh tomato sauce impressed me so much that I made a point of personally complimenting one of the owners, who was present. Our vegetarian meatballs were right up my alley: not an attempt to be a meat substitute, but rather a playful representation of the beauty of simple vegetables in the ironic form of processed meat. Lentils dominated their flavor, and as a huge fan of lentils, I enjoyed them ecstatically.The truffled white beans and pancetta side was crafted beautifully. Simple, rustic, and bursting with hearty flavor; a mild accent of truffles; giddy reactions from both me and my date. With just one side dish and some simple sourdough bread, the meal rounded out to be surprisingly filling and satisfying. I normally overeat, and shamefully so - but at this restaurant I paid very little for the quality of food I enjoyed, and left with a thoroughly bedded appetite.The service was just about immaculate: simple, courteous, straightforward, and attentive in the right ways. Staff seemed to be enthusiastic about the restaurant and excited to be a part of it, and were gushingly grateful for my compliments. I enjoyed the music and decor, and was impressed by the stocking of the bar given that this restaurant is located inside an outdoor shopping mall.
3	Food was good but bar needs some help.  This was a second visit and the first time the drinks were outstanding.  They have a nice binder with great pictures of their specialty drinks.  Two of us ordered the White Grape Sangria because the first time it was great.   Drinks come and there is one maraschino cherry in the glass.  Asked waitress (who was a great server) where is the fruit and it looks nothing like the picture.   She asked a guy behind the bar twice and he finally goes to the back and comes out with a small plate of cut up apples and tells her there is no fruit.  Why did they even put out the drink in the first place.   The other drink ordered didn't taste anything like the one ordered on the first visit either.  Enjoy the food but go for the traditional drinks and not the specialty menu.
5	For those of you who don't want to read the full review and like Meatballs - WE LOVE THIS PLACE - GO!My parents always told me it is better to focus on one thing and do it well than to spread yourself thin and do everything just ok.  This is my mantra for all restaurants.  So when you read this review, remember we are reviewing the Meatball Spot.  If you are looking for steak, seafood, etc, look elsewhere but if you want some mighty fine meatballs, this is the place.I have been wanting to go to the Meatball Spot since Carla Pellegrino, the owner, appeared on Top Chef Seattle running around frantically and surviving nearly cutting off her finger.  We were looking for something new last night and found ourselves in Town Square shopping and then it appeared, as if an oasis in the desert.  Come try our meatballs it seemed to say as the smell of garlic and other spices wafted into our noses.  Here was our chance.  I will tell you what I expected first.  1) I expected extravagant pricing. 2) I expected small portions, 3) I expected to be underwhelmed in taste as I am so often with celebrity chef restaurants. 4) I expected service to be poor.Now the reality - 1) The pricing is extremely affordable.  Dinner pricing is $7.95 for three meatballs in sauce.  It doesn't sound like a lot of food but the meatballs are dense and filling and the sauces we tried were excellent.  You can get Meatball sandwiches or sliders as well for between $5.95 and 7.95.  There is also Pizza which looked great but we didn't try it.  Sides of pasta, mac and cheese, and potatoes are $5.95 but we opted for the Risotto of the day (mushroom) and as you will see below were not disappointed. Drinks range from $9.00 - $11.00 which is on par with Town Square and you have to try the pineapple upside down cake martini. YUM.2) The portions are perfect size.  The three meatballs come together in a bowl with a light covering of flavorful sauces.  I eat a lot but one bowl of meatballs and a side were filling.  The sliders offer one meatball and sauce on a tasty bun for $3.95 which allows you to get 2-3 meatball sandwiches for nearly the same price as the bowl of three. (this is important if you want to try different meatballs as you cannot order a variety of meatballs in the bowl or on a sandwich.  You can however order different meatballs on each slider.)  The meatball heroes is the 3 meatball sandwich also for $7.95 and is actually quite large.  The sides are in a small bowl but contain enough to share. And they are sides so it is better to have a small portion and finish it than leave leftovers or overeat.  We had one bowl of three meatballs, 2 sliders, 2 salads and one risotto side and left quite full with no leftovers.3) The taste.  This is where I was most concerned.  Celebrity chef restaurants (cheftaurants?) are hit or miss.  I have also tried other meatball restaurants in town and had yet to find one I loved solely for the meatballs.  However, I was pleasantly surprised as the meatballs here are fantastic.  They are the right density, have excellent flavor and the sauces are perfect.  I hate sauces that overpower the dish and I am disappointed by sauces that are an afterthought and add nothing to the dish.  MS delivers.  The parmesan sauce was bursting with flavor that enhanced the meatballs rather than drowned them.  The mushroom sauce was a bit more subtle and went well with the Turkey meatball.  The risotto was excellent.  Not mushy or overcooked and with excellent mushroom flavor.  I would have been happy if the risotto was my meal.   The salads were good but they weren't very inventive and we could have skipped them altogether. My apple salad had only 3 apple slices (very thin) and way to many candied pecans mixed in among very fresh lettuce.4)Service.  Our waiter was excellent and very attentive, refilling my rootbeer whenever it was empty.  He answered everything "I understand" which was odd but not in a negative way.  The place was crowded yet we did not go more than 5 minutes without him walking by and asking if everything was ok.  The food came out quickly and hot.  All in all, with the martini we got out of there for about $50.00 with happy stomachs.  Their deserts look great and take up an entire side of the menu but we were too full to even split one.All in all, I was extremely pleased with this place.
3	I took the family here for dinner. This place wasn't that bad. The name of the place says it all, it's a "meatball spot" but i kinda expected a little more. Great environment however the service leaves something to be desired. Our waitress was very friendly however very forgetful. I asked for extra cherries on the side for my daughters soft  drink and two lemons for our beers. I had to ask her twice for the cherries and i had to walk up to the bar for my own lemons. The prices are not that bad to be honest. I fed a family of four for $41. I will be coming back to this place soon in hopes that my next review will yield a fourth star.
2	If you're a meatball aficionado you might like this noisy place. I only went because my daughter-in-law loves meatballs. They have a wide selection of meatball types and sauces at a reasonable price. What's the rub? All four of us thought we needed more sauce with our meatballs. We asked for more sauce. After awhile when no sauce showed we started eating. When we were about half way done a couple of tiny cups of sauce were brought to our table. I had a 1/2 caprese salad. Nicely displayed but really tiny. There were two tiny wedges of tomato and a little cheese. My top shelf margarita was noting more than limeade in a water glass. I know. Stupid to order a margarita in a meatball place. I got a shot of Don Julio tequila and drank it straight up. The servers were friendly but being a busy Saturday night the service was slow.So, if you like meatballs, you might like this place.
5	I love meatballs, and they are great here.  You can choose between different types of meatballs (beef, chicken, pork, turkey, vegetarian) and different types of sauces (red, Alfredo, Mushroom, etc.).  You can get them in a bowl, as sliders or as a sandwich - on great French bread - as I did.  Also an assortment of salads.  I had the chopped salad, which was excellent, but I would have preferred a finer chop on the items instead of big pieces. I topped it off with a scoop of caramel gelato.  I love the place, BUT, it is difficult t get to unless you are already at Town Square for shopping or a movie.  I wish one would open on South Eastern with convenient parking.
3	I would actually give 3.5 stars if I could but definitely not 4. The service was good, atmosphere nice, but the food.... We had several kinds of meatballs, all the reviews that said to ask for extra sauce were spot on. The only ones I thought were amazing were the special of the day, chicken stuffed with blue cheese in buffalo sauce, the others were just OK. Will I go back? Maybe.
1	Me and my wife went to the meatball spot the classic ball is bland and dry. The stuffed ball I had was empty the pesto was bland. The chef needs to be given salt and pepper. Neather me or my wife will be back.
5	I am so glad I didn't yelp this place before I went.* Great experience.Charmed by the decor and the simple but glorious combination of meat and sauce (okay maybe milkshakes too) I talked the wife into trying this place out. The decor is interesting and not too pretentious. The bar seems accessible too but I was with child (the kind you bring along not the kind you get from a wild night and a dislodged IUD) so we sat in the regular tables. Lots of fun high tables too. Anyways...I got the sampler and liked everything. Just everything. All the meatballs were good (The Classic and the Vegetarian stand out just a little bit.) and all the sauces were excellent. The pesto is exquisite. The bread was solid. It's worth saying that the Vegetarian wife enjoyed her Veggie meatballs. They've got some magic combination of "behaves like a meatball, isn't too meaty, just meaty enough." to pull that off.  I've seen talk of a sparse beer list, and while it is true more selections are always welcome they had Torpedo so at least they're trying. Throw in a Belgian and some selections from Stone or Russian River and we have a party.The service was excellent. The girl out front (freezing probably- it was like 40 degrees) was nice and charmed my 4 year old a bit. Our server Desiree  was excellent. She was attentive, gave us useful information about the food and had great timing. The only bad part was at some point while she was giving us the specials some other employee felt the need to insistently interrupt her and tell her that a check she'd given another table was wrong. As someone who has worked in customer service not only is it bad form to mention that in front of a customer it could have definitely waited 10 seconds for her to finish taking our drink orders. Shame on whoever that other woman was. Everyone else from the bussing staff to the apparent owner we met on the way out was excellent.Will come here again. I'm stunned to say it but this beer nerd would rather drink here than the Yardhouse: I like the atmosphere much better.(*This is terrible advice. Yelp definitely saves you from crappy food and service; this was the rare exception. But you're reading this so you already know that don't you?)
4	I think this place is succeeding. I've been here  3 times in the past month & a half and each time Its been very consistent and tasteful. I don't understand the bad reviews. Plus the server recognized me when I sat down in his section which is a HUGE plus for me. I'm a server and I LOVE when people return, it means your doing something right. My friend tried the meatballs on special which were the buffalo balls, and those need to go on the menu ASAP. And I would love to get my hands on that sauce recipe because on some wings it would be amazing. Buffalo Wild Wings should take some pointers.
1	Wow... By far the worst service ever.  I was hoping  the food made up for it, not so lucky.  The food was not terrible, but definitely nothing to write home to mom about.  Apparently I not the only person with this opinion.  As I walked back to my car I stopped in a Town Square clothing store.  When I mentioned my experience to the sales people they went on for 15 minutes about there several bad experiences!  Also, as I left the Meatball Spot I Facebook " Ok Food, Terrible Serveice" about The place and got about 11 replies agreeing!  Im not saying dont go there, just be on your toes about demanding prompt, efficient and friendly service.  Oh, and make sure the stalls have toilet paper and soap, as they DID NOT when I was there... Any of them
4	I had been reading all the positive press this place was getting over the last couple months, mostly due to Carla Pellegrino's (brief) antics on top chef, and decided to check it out. Good thing I didn't read the Yelp reviews first, or I might have changed my mind!First, the atmosphere is really cool inside, with a big bar in the middle, and a decent-sized patio which went completely unused on this cold January night.I can't comment on the beer list, since I'm a teetotaler these days, but the Arnold Palmer was pretty decent.Service was prompt and she checked on us regularly for refills, etc.The concept, of course, is that you get 3 meatballs with sauce and then if you want anything extra (cheese, pasta, etc) you have to pay for a side. I think the concept is cute, and trust me, a slice of bread and 3 meatballs are definitely enough to fill anybody up. Overall, how much would you expect to pay for a plate of pasta with huge meatballs? Gotta be $12-16, even at Olive Garden, right?? Well, at Meatball Spot, you pay $7.99 for your 3 meatballs, add $1.50 for cheese, and $5 for a side of pasta (they have a couple options). My husband and I had 2 orders of meatballs and split a side of penne and finished about 2/3 of our food. I really didn't consider that overpriced at all!Most importantly - the meatballs are delicious! In our party, we had classic, beef, and chicken. All were good, but my fave was classic. We also sampled the classic tomato and spicy meat sauces and liked both. The meat sauce is very meaty, which I found a little unnecessary considering it was served with a bunch of meat.Overall, I would definitely recommend Meatball Spot when dining at Town Square - it's one of the few non-chain options you have there and it's delicious!
5	The pizza is out of this world!
2	DISAPPOINTING.  Let me start by saying we are locals, NOT tourists.  So if this was a good experience we may be repeat customers. Yeah, thats not going to happen!  After hearing so much hype about this restaurant here in Vegas we decided to give it a try.  We went last night, Friday night around 7pm.  We expected it to be crowded and expected to have to wait for a table which wasn't a problem.  Wait for a table was about 30 minutes, but they were able to get us a spot at the bar sooner so we took that.  First mistake, taking the seating at the bar.  The two girls (or shall I say bimbo's - that probably more accurately describes them) behind the bar had the personality of a rock!  In fact a rock probably had more personality!  Unfriendly, rarely even a smile, very slow.  After about 10 minutes of sitting there one finally took our drink order.  Then our food order.  My husband ordered pizza I ordered Veggie meatballs and gluten free pasta.  After about 20 minutes my husbands pizza arrived my food was no where in site.  Keep in mind the girls to the right of us ordered just before us and they received all their food, and the folks to the left of us ordered just after us and they have all their food.  Where is my food.  Generally when we go out to eat my husband and I like to EAT TOGETHER!  Common sense.  After about minutes the bimbo behind the bar says oh your food should be out soon. Really??? do ya think I'll get to eat tonight?  10 minutes goes by, still no food for me.  Girls to the right and half way done with their meal, same with the folks to the left as well as my husband.  Finally we wave down what appears to be a manager.  Tall balding man with the rudest attitude EVER!  We explained we ordered our food and my husbands food came out nearly 20 minutes ago as well as the folks around us but mine is no where to be found.  He said he'd check on it.  He went to the back then came back out, wandering around the restaurant as if to ignore us now.  Finally after about 5 minutes he comes back and says he doesn't know where my food is!  WHAT?? I said you don't know where it is?  He then says the gluten free pasta takes a while to cook.  WHAT?,  I ask? I cook gluten free pasta at home all the time and it takes no longer than regular pasta.  Oh let me start by saying I ordered the penne pasta which is on the menu but apparently they don't even have so I had to settle for spaghetti.  I digress.   He said look, I don't know why you are getting upset!  REALLY you are a manager and you are saying you don't know why I am upset?  Well let me see its been nearly 25 minutes now since my husband got his food and I don't have mine, maybe that is why I'm UPSET !  At this point they should be kissing my butt trying to make up for the lack of service, but NO!  Finally my meatballs arrive.  Lukewarm!  Seriously!  Not even HOT!  They have just been sitting in the back somewhere for who knows how long!  So now I've waited nearly 1/2 hour for lukewarm food.  Then about 3 minutes later my pasta shows up, lukewarm as well.  Now I will say the Veggie Meatballs were awesome, so complaints about taste, but I'm sure if they were hot they would have been better.  My husbands pizza was good also.The problem here is that this restaurant is POORLY RUN!  How about getting Gordon Ramsey in to show you how to run a restaurant!  Get some knowledgable staff with excellent customer service.  Don't bring in the bimbette's just for their looks, that is not going to make this restaurant succeed!  Get a manager that is a people person not an old balding, no personality, rude man who hates his job!  I'm giving this two stars based on the HORRIBLE service.  I guess they are not  looking for repeat customers, your plan is to cater to the tourists who will most likely never come back again and won't write a poor review.  Honestly with well over 3,000 restaurants in this town to choose from, this one WON'T get a second visit from us!
2	After work on a Friday night, my coworker and I headed down to Town Square for dinner.  I have heard many things (legal issues) about the "Meatball Spot" and the Executive Chef, whom use to be the EC of the famous Rao's Italian Restaurant.  Decor & Atmosphere:I like the overall design of the establishment, well light, nice brick wall touch, seems to easily accommodate large party w/ kids & full bar (w/ the exception of the lack of craft beer selection 1 out of 5 stars).  Yet my female co-worker mention, actually more like disgustedly informed me that the restroom was filled w/ such a putrid, nauseating, sewer-like stench, that made her completely loss her appetite and almost her dinner. Quality & Taste:I ordered the "Classic Meatball" w/ the not so spicy meat sauce (three meat balls), a side order of rigatoni and a "Garbage" salad.  The meatballs ($7.99) were very tasty indeed, a little dry, probably because they were prepared and keep for several hours.  The sauce was a very basic marinara sauce (I personally think the server made a mistake on my sauce).  The side order of rigatoni was an absolute JOKE for $5.99, I believe there was roughly one (1) ounce of pasta on the small bowl, slightly covered and tossed in the same spicy meat (meatless) sauce.  Then the FULL order of the  "Garbage" salad ($13.99) was portioned for maybe a child (not enough to split), yet used quality cheese and salami.  I could of ordered a "Salmon Salad" from Brio's next door and would have been stuffed full.My coworker ordered the "Turkey" w/ the classic sauce (three meatballs) and a side of garlic Parmesan fries. The turkey meatballs had great flavor but were barely luke warm. The fries ($5.99) were a joke as well. For a girl I barely eat full portions of anything but I was still hungry after dinner! I was very disappointed with the portions, service and sitting so close to other guests, where they kept bumping into me.Service:Sloooow! Oh my god slow, especially for the items listed on there menu.  I mean will didn't even order a pizza (which would require baking time) and the meal took over 2 hours!  Seriously, pre-prepared meatball, sauce, salad and deep fried fries.  The server took away my coworker's fork and never replaced it, asked for hot sauce several times until we received i and had to ask for a glass of water twice. Minor issues, but for the price of the food, quality of service so be above par.Conclusion:Would I ever go back?  Not unless, someone was celebrating an event of some sort that would require me to go.  For the cost of our meal, we could of easily went the Rao's at Caesar's Palace and ate there (I mean it's pretty much the exact same meatballs).
1	Wow let's talk about clueless & dirty!! They can post all the celebrity pictures they want but it sucked! I hope this place closes soon or gets new management ASAP!!! I have a SPINAL cord injury which makes sitting painful and I can only sit on a padded booth with a special pad I have for my injury. I was invited to a friend's birthday party there, so before going I called to ask if the restaurant had booths with padded seats and was told yes. Our party had to wait about 20mins for the only booth to open up. When I got inside the booth was a wood bench with a padded back. I asked to speak to the restaurant manager and explained I had an injury and called ahead and asked about the seating. The man was in his 40s and seemed very unconcerned as if this was a petty complaint. He dismissed the issue by only responding that staff has no common sense. I said well then why don't you educate them or find new staff? He replied things have changed and just shook his head and said what do you want me to do about it? I said I worked when I was 16 and felt this was unacceptable. I told him he should at least take care of my friend's bill for his birthday. The waitress came over and said I heard there is a birthday girl and the manager is going to take care of her dessert!! We said no it is our guy friend's birthday dinner. Many restaurants comp birthday desserts as a good business practice so I think the manager could have done a much better job. The restrooms were also very dirty. No toilet paper, wet dirty floor and paper towels all over the floor. NOT going back!!!!
2	Slow service and meatballs came out luke warm. Salad portion was really small and it came out at the same time as our meatballs. Pretty much all the bad reviews on this place are true, we won't be back.
2	They say 3rd time's a charm, but my 3rd visit here was anything but.  My last review for this place was the first time I came, and then I came another time and it was again just okay.  I was invited by my boss to try it again today for a lunch meeting.  She's a vegetarian and was invited to try it out because they have vegetarian meatballs.  Imagine the blow when we were told they were out of vegetarian meatballs.  Being a vegetarian who doesn't eat salads, she decided to order cheese pizza and mac n cheese.  She liked the mac n cheese, but her pizza was stone cold.  I ordered the classic meatballs in spicy meat sauce.  They were kind of dry and just okay.  I also ordered the cucumber and tomato salad, which was actually very good.  I would have given my meal 3 stars, but alas my boss's experience continued to go downhill. She ordered a vanilla ice cream sandwich for dessert, and they were out of it.  Again.  So she decided to just get a cup of coffee and it was luke warm.  The server didn't even offer her cream.  Also, while we were waiting to order coffee and dessert, he walked by and said, "do you need anything else?"  The person we were with said "yes, actually" and before he could finish, the server said "your check?"  How RUDE!  I'm pretty much over this place.  Nothing there is worth a return visit.  I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
3	Meatballs are great!  Service slow.
5	I was taken here one night & wasn't expecting much of it. Boy was I wrong! The atmosphere is very trendy, but I think it has to do w/ it being still new. Small bar, but stiff drinks. The food however is where it's at! I had a turkey meat Large Hero w/ spicy meat sauce. SO GOOD! All for just under $9! You can't get a hot sandwich that good anywhere else in Vegas for that price! This sandwich was so good I came back 5 days later to have it again! Check this place out if you get a chance. You can find it in the heart of Town Square right next to the Rave movie theatre. Great for a casual date night.
4	More of a place for an after movie snack than a pre-movie meal. If you are are light eater,  the spicy meatballs are wonderful. I suggest they add a pasta option to it for an inexpensive price for anyone coming in with an appetite. For us it was a perfect light bite after Breaking Dawn and a shared bag of popcorn. Quality, not quantity. Recommended.
1	I finally got to check out the Meatball Spot today...and I was so incredibly underwhelmed. I had heard great things about the veggie meatballs, but I was less then impressed. They had a texture that was very similar to a baked falafel. The sauces that accompanied the veggie meatballs were decent, but the meatballs were too funky to really enjoy the sauce. I also ordered a house salad which was overdressed and soggy. Not great at all. I also ordered a scoop of ice cream for my daughter which I asked to come out with the meal...still the ice cream was brought out before we even got our drinks. I told the ice cream server that we requested the ice cream with our meal. She then sat it in front of my daughter and said "Do you want me to take it away now?" Holy moly. Boo for you Meatball Spot.
5	I have been back twice and loved it both times. I am planning two work meetings here as well because of the reasonable prices (I work in nonprofit). I am looking forward to seeing how they handle groups without one-year-olds :)
3	I hit up Meatball Spot for lunch.  I didn't want pasta, but they had a meatball sandwich and a burger, so I thought I would give it a shot.  A lunch special was the meatball burger with a side of parmesan fries for $9.95.  This is a very good deal based on pricing on the menu, but I got mozzarella which added another $1.50.  The fries were fantastic, a 4 star dish.  Crispy, and full of parmesan and garlic flavor.  I don't know if I would change anything about them.The burger, on the other hand, was not as huge of a win.  The bun was nice and soft, but lost its integrity after a few bites of the burger when the juices began to run.  I ordered it medium, but it did not have any pink in it.  Also, the burger was dry, and only served with ketchup on the side.  I ordered some of the mushroom gravy as a side, and I'm glad I did.  This had an excellent mushroom flavor, but was a little on the thin side.  However, it definitely improved the burger and the meal overall.  I expected more from the burger, which I presume was made into a patty from their usual meatball mixture.I will say the service was fantastic.  Drinks are served in smaller type mason jars with a handle.  I order my drinks with extra ice, and it was filled to the top, which I like.  But, it meant that with a glass this small, my drink was nearly empty after 3 drinks.  It didn't matter, because my server was so spot on it never got close to empty.  Refilled very quickly and without having to ask.  Also, he was not overbearing and trying to upsell me on desserts or anything.  Excellent service. I'll probably return and try the sliders during happy hour.  But, the burger did not overwhelm me.  What saves this place from getting 2 stars are the fries and the service.
5	Love the food and the service! They make you feel at home. This is our new spot! Happy Hour buy in drink get the second one free.... Yeah baby!!!!
1	I wanted to like this place, my friends love it, but was SUPER dissapointed. First the one plus- the Risotta of the day was AMAZING tonight- mushroom cheese. Should have just stuck with that....... Now the reason for the ONE star!    Maybe it's better when not busy, cause service was very sub par- everytime I needed my water refilled, I had to ask. Not one time did waiter fill it without me begging for more. We had to ask to order 2x before he finally had time to take our order!        The garlic parmesean fries had no garlic- they were cold strings with some cheese sprinkled on it. Sent them back with manager and were told they would be off check. Ordered the bowl with 3 turkey balls. My friends chicken balls were better, but turkey were not terrible. Asked for 2 sauces on side, Parmesean (like alfredo) and the mushroom gravy. The Gravy would have been delish- if it was not cold. The bread dipped in the parmesean sauce was really really good. I asked waiter (once I flagged him down) if gravy was suppose to be hot or cold, he told me hot- I told the waiter the gravy was cold and he said he would get me new one. I had 2 balls left...NEVER got gravy. We asked for check before done eating cause had to make it to movie theatre and took so long to order and I told him don't worry about the gravy, just take the balls away. He said he would take them off check, and then didnt even apoligize for no sauce and me barely eating?!?!?!?!?!? When the check came both the FF and the turkey balls I never ate were still on check and we had to ask for them to be taken off.   I really really wanted to like this place, but SOOOO dissapointed! I hope they get it together, I will not be back, and I really hoped to enjoy the place as much as my friends did. I even sent an email to them via facebook and no one bothered to respond. I left hungry and frustrated and dissatisfied! I ended up spending about 20 bucks on candy at Sugar so my stomach wouldnt growl in theatre!
1	Ate here for the first time on 2/2/13. It was awful. Do not waste your time or money going to this restaurant. The service was substandard, and you can buy better meatballs in the frozen food section of your local grocery store. They messed up our order. They tried to pass it off as if we didn't know what we ordered, and what they brought us is what we had really ordered. Bottom line is this is just another over priced, third-rate sham of a restaurant.
3	Went there last night on a first date. (which didn't turn out so well since my "date" decided to argue with her ex for 20 mins as i'm sitting there waiting for a table).Ordered the peperoni pizza the crust was good but pizza was too oily. We also ordered the sampler platter which had all the different meatballs in it. We ordered quite a bit since my "date's" friends were also present which made everything even more awkward for me. Anyways the meatballs were tasty but a bit dry which is why they give you so many different sauces. The salads were great tho.The only reason i would go back is to see the amazingly hot host at the entrance but not for the food:)
1	Sat down for almost 10 min. A server said he would be right with us 5 min after sitting down. few min later we said screw it and went to yard house. They didn't even ask if we wanted drinks or water. I really wanted to try the food, but waiting so long turned me off to this place.
4	I was already enroute to meet my friend for lunch when I decided to check out Yelp reviews. I was disheartened to find two and less stars. Oh well, we will see what happens.We arrived lunchtime on Superbowl Sunday. Place was pretty empty so we received a lot of attention. Since it was our first time, we decided to order the Meatball Sample platter. Offers one of each meatball; classic (blend of beef, veal and pork), pork, beef, chicken, turkey, and vegetarian. We opted for melted provolone to top our meatfest. The platter also samples one of each dipping sauce; classic tomato, spicy meat (tomato based), Parmesan cream, pesto and mushroom gravy. We both added a Baby Arugala salad to start. Now the fun begins! We get our $7 microscopic salad. When the menu stated "baby," I thought it meant the type of lettuce, not the size of the salad! Lesson learned.The meatballs arrived looking very yummy with a blanket of melted provolone. We split and shared each meatball. They are the size of a toddler's fist, so there is enough to share with another person. The meat-based balls were tasty in the tomato sauces. The poultry-based balls were delicious in the cream sauces. Each MEATball was tender and flavorful. Then there is that Vegetarian ball. Our server forewarned us, "the vegetarian is not (his) favorite." I split the veggie ball with my fork. It didn't exactly disentegrate, but it didn't hold its shape too well. I ventured to take a bite and had to spit it out. That's a BEAN ball!!! No sauce was going to disguise that nonsense. I don't know how vegetarians/vegans do it. There was NO resemblance to a MEATball. It even tasted like a gob of beans furnished into a ball. We complained to our server, who was in total agreement, but didn't do anything to rectify it (like offer another meatball of our choice). Disappointing.Overall, the (real) meatballs were really good. The sauces are scrumptious. Be mindful, if you don't like creamy, stay away from cream/gravy. Service was attentive, but again, we were the few patrons there.
3	First time at the Meatball Spot. Food was decent but not super memorable. Split their chicken buffalo bleu cheese meatball special, the meatball sampler platter and the garbage salad with a friend. The meatballs are definitely nicely portioned and are not dry but for some reason I could not tell the different proteins apart (the runner did explain it to us, I just forgot!). Aside from the vegetarian meatball, they all had a very similar and distinct flavor. Strange. Their marinara sauce, spicy meat sauce, and creamy parmesan are pretty good but I did not like their pesto or mushroom gravy. There was something off about those two. The Garbage salad was tasty but all the ingredients were chopped into such large pieces it was a little hard to taste the salad as a whole. It wasn't bad but my eating partner and I will usually eat everything we order if it's good and we definitely left some food on our plates. I will say that as a server, I thought that the service was pretty good. There were a decent amount of tables and I felt like we were taken care of. I like to drink when I go out and I find it hard to get a second or third beer, especially when I am dining in Town Square (makes no sense, more alcohol=bigger check). I was promptly refilled with both my beers and my water, which is served in a small mason jar (must be hard to keep up with refills, but cute). I really appreciated the fact that the manager stopped by to make sure we were enjoying ourselves. It's been a long time since I've dined out, and I dine out a lot, that I was asked by an actual manager how my meal was. He also opened the door for us on our way out which is a huge plus. Overall the place has a nice atmosphere/ambience, the food is a little more than okay, and the service is good. If I'm ever in the mood for a meatball, I will most likely be back.
2	went for dinner saturday night and the most memorable thing about my experience at the meatball spot was the filming of mike tyson's reality show was happening at the restaurant while we were eating.  the beer menu is a joke.  absolutely no thought put into the selections and the beer is over-priced.  same goes for the wine selections.  spinach and apple salad was decent.  the meatballs were nothing special.  nor were the sauces.  this place is so boring it belongs in nebraska.  i also tried the rigatoni with spicy meat sauce.  totally pedestrian dish.  they use frozen fries for their garlic fries (which have no garlic flavor).  the garlic fries at pac-bell park in san fransico put these to shame.  can't imagine this place will be open this time next year.
3	I'm giving 3 stars only because I can't split them! I'd rather only give 2.5 stars. I had the chipotle pork meatballs and they were wonderful! I was there during lunch and the service was terrible! In my opinion, service and food are equal. Bad service is enough to keep me away from great food. If you don't mind waiting, confused servers, and more waiting, go for the food!
4	More like 3.5 stars, but I bumped it up because of the bar and the special chicken meatballs alone.All but once have I ordered the special meatballs: chicken meatballs stuffed with blue cheese in a buffalo sauce. They're almost never dry, the blue cheese isn't as overpowering as you would expect and the buffalo sauce has the great flavor you know and not taken over by spice. I come back again and again just for this.The salads are pretty tasty with a good/light veggie to dressing ratio. The sangria is tasty. And the bar here is a nice place to hangout. The bartender (I can't remember her name, please forgive me) is awesome. She is very helpful and personable, but not too in your face or trying to hard. They also pour a proper pint of Guinness...odd since this place is more of an Italian restaurant, but I digress.I do admit that the service can be a little slow, a little spotty and the meatballs can be dry. But I still have yet to save some room for those tasty looking milkshakes and ice cream sandwiches.Another plus: the convenient take out counter when you first enter. You can take away a nice scoop of gelato or anything on their menu.
5	Holy Crapola!  I'm so glad I didn't go by the Yelp Reviews and skip this gem.I liked the name of this joint and noticed it next to the movie theater we visited in Town Square.  We arrived too early for lunch so put it on the list of places to eat at for dinner.  Since we're in town visiting, we're not going to be able to enjoy this restaurant whenever we please.  However, talking to a manager after the meal, I found that the family that started it plans on franchising in the Southwest so you'll probably see it in Phoenix and Los Angeles soon.We arrived early for dinner to avoid the Valentine's Day rush and it worked!  However, at 4:30PM, it was still very busy but we were seated quickly.  The ambiance is "modern".  But at the same time, we were cozy and warm.  The bar area is huge holding 30-40 people around it.  The rest of the restaurant is all tables lined around the outside of the centerpiece bar area.The modern theme with exposed ceiling is slightly cliche but they added some of those old fashion steel and stamped ceiling tiles throughout most of the bar area so at least their was a twist.  Chairs were comfy but not luxurious by any means.My only gripe was one of our two tables they pushed together was wobbly.  Wifey-poo fixed it with some notebook paper from her purse.Our server was all over us with a great attitude and friendly smile plus engaged in appropriate customer small talk.  Not hovering at all... but attentive.  Shout out to Matt S!!!  In fact, all the employees were outstanding.  A sure sign of a well managed company.Our bottle of Cab was served at the perfect temperature.  A sign of a restaurant that knows what they're doing!We decided to try a lot of different items off the menu and share everything Tapas style.Classic Meatballs w/ Classic Sauce.Pork Meatballs w/ Spicy SauceAll Beef Meatballs w/ Mushroom GravyPepperoni & Sausage PizzaGluten Free spaghetti w/ Spicy SauceEverything was exceptional.  What surprised me was the pizza.  If you're a fan of thin crust, high quality pizza, this is it.  I love a crunchy thin crust that doesn't crumble.  After the crunch, you get the chewy texture.  In my opinion, this is the way pizza was meant to be served!  Plus the toppings... HUGE hunks of sausage and pepperoni.  Like homemade.All of the meatballs were exceptional.  What stood out to me were the pork meatballs with the spicy meat sauce.  If you don't like spice, don't order the spicy meat sauce.  It's not "mild" in any way shape or form.  It's just this side of being HOT!I love hot!  =]The wife and kids love the beef meatballs with the mushroom cream sauce.At the end we were having such a good time we didn't want it to end.  We did something we rarely ever do.... we ordered dessert!An ice creamed cookie sandwich.  Outstanding once again!  We all shared it and it was the perfect size.It just doesn't get much better than this experience.  Wobbly table aside, we had a WONDERFUL DINING EXPERIENCE.Bon appetit!!
2	I didn't expect much coming here the space is amazing. The service is ok, it's Christmas Day and not very busy which is fine but there's so much staff here. Our server is a manager & isn't very good. We had 4 different people come up and offer to help us with drinks, then the manager forgot our drinks. The wifi is locked but says "meatball spot" I asked for a password and the manager insisted that there wasn't one.
3	I'm writing this review after actually eating at Meatball Spot, two times.The first time I came in was a few months ago when this place first opened. The first time we came in, we ordered the meatballs. I'm not a fan of meatballs, so I honestly can't write a review on this. My boyfriend did try them and said they were good, it was about 6.95 to try all the meatballs with one sauce. He suggests that the meatballs come with more than one sauce for dipping.I've had the Caesar salad, which you can literally never go wrong with.Today, I had the chopped salad. It comes with tortilla chips, cucumbers, tomatoes, onion, corn, avocado and a chipotle dressing. The dressing was really good, a little spicy and tangy. I thought for some reason this salad would come with lettuce, but it did not. The only suggestion I have for this salad is to include more avocado. It was very minimal. Otherwise, it tasted great.Today, we ordered the full pizza. Half pepperoni, half cheese. It's like 19.95 for cheese and $2 for each additional topping. The last few times my boyfriend and I stopped for milkshakes here, he's seen how big the pizza was...so we finally came back to try it. Size wise, great. Taste wise, it's lacking. The dough is a bit too thin and crispy. I don't mind thin pizza, but it would taste much better as a soft, foldable pizza. You are unable to fold this pizza. The sauce was lacking. You could lift up the cheese and probably not even be able to tell that there is sauce. My bf praises the peanut butter shake. Everytime we're in town square he stops in for that shake.Today I had the cookie shake that resembles cookies and cream. I give it a 3 out of 5.Also tried the vanilla milk shake. It was also a 3 out of 5 for me.I wouldn't particularly come back here with friends for the food. The decor on the other hand and atmosphere are worth coming for though. They did raise prices on meatballs from what my boyfriend noticed. But that goes with the territory of a popular place. Staff, servers, managers have always been very friendly...for that, I'll give this place a 3.
4	This place is in Town Square inside a white fence,they have the best turkey meat balls I have every had,o.k. the second best my Mom was the best. I came here for lunch the hostesses was dress in all black was the only sour grape here,she did not smile at all,not only at me but everyone she seated thats a fact cause I was keeping one eye on her she was kinda sexy ;) and the other eye on my meatball's,  the hostesses has to leave her post to seat customes and sat up the tables when they got there while the line is forming up with people waiting to be seated.The manger Jackson waited on me he was very helpful explaining the menu,I had three turkey meatballs which were a little larger then golf balls with Parmesan cheese,garlic and herbs,with the pesto sauce that was made fresh basil,pine nuts,garlic and Parmesan cheese which was the (bomb) free refill on sodas, they also have other Items like,spaghetti,pizzas,sandwiches, salard,risotto,gelato/sorbert,milkshakes,Ice cream,this is definitely a come back to place next time in Vegas until we try just about everything on the menu, you can also make resavation on line,oh the bar area is huge.
2	Just ok. Very casual. We ordered the meatball sampler, risotto (zucchini squash), spaghetti w/marinara, and pepperoni pizza. We thought we would give everything our waiter recommended a give it try.The classic meatball was the best, and the pork meatball came in second. In my opinion, they were all too breaded and not enough flavor. Pizza was loaded with salt. Risotto was pretty good. Spaghetti was very mediocre. The restaurant has a cute laid back, southern style. Cool exposed brick walls...mason drinking jars. I would not go out of my way to go here, but if you are in Town Square, it probably would be fine for someone to stop in for lunch.
3	Not bad, not fantastic. Everything was just... fine. A friend and I ate at the bar at about 9:30 on a Saturday night. It wasn't very crowded, so everything came out quickly. we ordered mojitos (mine was strawberry, hers was pineapple), and those were very good. I liked the concept of the restaurant- you could order meatballs (3 large balls, you pick the meat and sauce), for $7.99.  You could also get sandwiches, salads, or pizza. They also had shakes and varieties of ice cream sandwiches. I ordered the chicken meatballs with the spicy meat sauce, and my friend got the turkey meatballs and the parmesan cream sauce. I liked her sauce better, but my balls better (ok, every time I type "balls", I can't help but chuckle...yes, I'm secretly 12). The bread was pretty good- we ordered extra bread, but a bit too hard. Service was fine, and it is a cute, casual place to eat. I think that this is a fine choice, and the prices reasonable, but I just wasn't "wowed" by the balls (snicker). I am glad I tried it out, but I don't know that I'd make it a point to return over and over.
4	I went with a friend on a Monday.   We started off with a pitcher of  Moscato Grape Sangria and the Blue cheese stuffed chicken meatball in buffalo sauce (special).  OMG.   The meatball was spectacular - the sauce was amazing.   I wish I could jump on a plane back to Vegas just to get another plate!!!!    My friend then also shared the apple salad and the zucchini risotto.  All very good - but the meatballs were the best thing...Service was ok.   Our server was very nice but wasn't confident or knowledgeable enough to ask simple questions (how many glasses from a pitcher?  what are the specials for today?)    But the quality of the food can me me overlook that a bit.The ambiance of the restaurant was very nice - open and trendy.   Would go again - and again - and again.
3	This place is alright. Nothing to get excited over. I have been there three times now and haven't been amazed. The food is a few different things. Meatballs, pizza, salads, sandwiches and some sides. I also got a birthday shake once. The food is good, but the slow service and not very friendly servers are losing it points. First impressions walking in are wow if I look long enough I will see up the hostesses dresses. I realize we are in Vegas but come on. I sat outside once and inside twice. The music outside makes it difficult to have a conversation it is loud. The seats throughout the place are uncomfortable. I guess they don't want you staying long. We received displeased looks from servers and people working there the two times we brought out child. It is kid friendly, but not super kid friendly. When asked for a child's menu the hostess told me everything on the menu is kid friendly and they don't get a specific menu. Meatballs are good. Pick your meat. Pick your sauce. You get three good sizes balls and sauce with garlic bread. Salads are good. I found mine to be delicious. Pizza is way too big. The large slice is more then enough. They have a half pan size which is the size of an entire cookie sheet. I'm not sure how big the full size is. The problem with pizza is the lack of toppings. I asked for pepperoni and received four sizes on my 'over-sized slice'. Not good! And of that wasn't bad enough they charge you $1 for those four slices. Ill go back only because I like town square and there isn't anything else there that has good food.
1	Terrible service.  Huge rip-off.  I would advise anyone to stay away and let this place go out of business. We ordered two sliders and a side of fries.  The meal took 40 minutes to arrive at our table.  At one point our waitress said we got behind a group of 8, but if a restaurant can't handle that when there are tables empty they don't deserve to be in business.  When the food arrived, my meal felt like it had been sitting under the heat lamp for some time.  The sauce made the bread soggy, and the cheese was rubbery.The $6 fries are about the size of an order of Happy Meal fries.  It's a nice portion size, for about half the price.We even asked the manager why our food was taking so long, and he seemed like we were bothering him just asking.Don't waste your time or money.  Find somewhere else to go.
3	UPDATE on previous review upgraded to 3 stars: Was contacted back by the General Manager Sean and I finally agreed to visit again. The milkshakes are out of this world, but left us so full! LOL They had the same risotto of the day as first visit (mushroom), and its still the best thing on entire menu!! This visit the sauces were warm and got to enjoy all my turkey meatballs. I especially like the salad options, we changed items around and waiter was super accomidating. I enjoyed the food, and think this place has potential....they just need to keep trying....
1	Location great, food very average for a Top Chef run restaurant.  The employees, and management seem distraught, miserable and unprofessional.... and it shows.  Don't expect to see the same server or manager there the next time you go because the retention is appalling.  The little secret too is that they actually charge you 1 cent for water and hide the cost within the bill.  Call them out on this people!  Typical money hungry, mafia run greed...supporting a place like this is a travesty, shame on Town Sq too for not doing the research on the owner who is not exactly an exemplary Las Vegas citizen...look it up.  Good luck...you need more than you're  doing to save your "balls"!
1	Thought we'd try this place out because of the reputation of Chef Carla Pelligrino and we were very dissapointed.The hostess sat us at 5:15pm which was before the major Saturday night rush.  Upon sitting us at the table, she notice only one set of silverware, in which she said "I'll go get you a second set."  That would have been fine, but she never brought us a second set.  Our server arrived shortly after to take our drink orders.  Michelob Ultra and a water please.   The menu looks great.  Hope the food is as great as it sounds.The waiter came back and took our order.  Not friendly at all.  While taking our order, he was per-occupied with someone/something else in the restaurant, and did not make eye contact with us once.   My wife ordered the "chopped salad", which listed a bunch of fresh veggies in the mix.  The waiter warned us that the salad did not actually come with any 'salad'.  No green salad, just toppings.  OK... that's sounded like an interesting concept, but that was fine as the toppings/veggies on a salad are always great.  I ordered three Turkey meatballs and a Peanut Butter Milkshake.Still no silverware.A few passes-by by the waiter while servicing other tables, and he finally stopped briefly to tell us they were out of Michelob Ultra.  OK.  Bring another beer please.Another quick stop by "I forgot what type of milkshake you ordered".  Peanut Butter.  "Thanks."Food was delivered by a server.  Looks good to me.  We asked the server to bring us a second set of silverware.  "OK. I'll be right back".The salad was... not a salad.  Sure the waiter told us there was no 'green' salad in the salad, but this is ridiculous.  A bowl full of crispy things, and a few... I mean few... green salad items; a few onions, a few avacado, a few tomato.  Ugh.  This is a bowl of crispy stuff with a little dressing!No silverware.  Another waiter walks by and I ask him for a set.  He decides to pick it up from another pre-set table and give to us because he says "we're out of silverware... they are washing in the back of house right now.  Use these."  OK.  Admirable. The turkey meatballs were good, but not spectacular.  I'd eat them again and again, but I'd rather make them at home myself.  Nothing  special that calls for a trip back.  The side of steamed broccoli that I ordered was OK, but too much garlic for most people.Meal is done.  The waiter apologizes for the salad, and offers to take if off of our bill.  OK.  That was nice.  The waiter jokes about our visit and asks if we need anything else before we leave, "would you like some more crispy salad?"  OK. He has a sense of humor.But unfortunately, we won't be coming back to this place.  Be forewarned, the service and restaurant preparation was horrible. The food:  B.
1	Terrible. Meatball sampler. Five dry fried meatballs. 5 boring sauces. Two pieces of toast.Pass on this "spot".
4	It's a bit noisy, all the surfaces are hard so there's no sound absorption. Love all the 80's tunes playing. Went for Restaurant Week lunch menu and it was yummy. Had the beef meatballs with Parmesan cream sauce, very rich. The Spicy Meat sauce on the DH's Classic meatballs was very good as well. The half portion of the Apple Salad was tasty, liked the pecans and the dressing. Hubby wasn't to excited about his House salad. The Classic ice cream sandwich might have been a bit much for me, it was a bit big after all the other food.  I may just try the salted caramel gelato next time. DH also said the Bananas Foster ice cream sandwich was a bit too sweet; ice cream was good but he could have gone for a different type of cookie. The service is not as snappy as I'd like but they are not neglectful.
3	Ended up here for lunch since the place wasn't too terribly busy and it also happened to be participating in Three Square's LV Restaurant week.There was no any special menu on display for Restaurant Week. Basically you got to pick off the regular menu but instead of the listed three meatballs you only got two with your choice of sauce, small size salad and ice cream sandwich for special price $20.13Got in my order and I waited... and waited ...and waited some more. My server did come to me and apologized 20 minutes later about the long wait. Kept myself entertained eavesdropping on convos...table near me was all gaga over Chef Carla, that's why they were there...the other table was complaining that the restaurant was out of 4 wines...then there was me still waiting for my food. 40 minutes past the hour both my salad and entree finally! Asked my waiter to go ahead and put in my order for the dessert so it would be ready by the time I finished up my meal.Salad was good, liked the chunks of Gorgonzola and the light dressing but it would have been nicer if the arugula and pears were a little colder.  The salad was at room temperature and had me wondering if it was sitting out there and just didn't get served to me on time.The meatball entree: Portion wise fit the price. Which by the way is pretty reasonable. Taste wise: It was alright. I guess I was expecting more of the "wow" factor being this was a renowned celebrity chef and all.  The texture was good but as far as the herbs, the flavor wasn't there. The pesto sauce was it's saving grace.  BUT Chef Carla's meatballs are not as good Bistro Pizza's meatballs and their meatball sliders. Chef Tyler nails it especially his marinara sauce!The Bananas Foster came just in time.  The rainbow sprinkles gave it a fun looking presentation. The white chocolate shavings that surrounded the cookie was brilliant.  There was one problem though. The ice cream sandwich was frozen and hard as a rock! I tried digging into it with my spoon and it wasn't happening.  I took a butter knife from another table and started chipping away. Voila!! I finally I broke off a piece! The banana ice cream was pretty good. Too bad I couldn't eat much of the macadamia nut cookie though, it was frozen solid. Oh well so much for dessert. When I got my check the server said "Yeah they'll know and I guess so" when I asked him if the proceeds will go to Three Square because I didnt see anything on the receipt since I was charged for regular menu prices.  It had me questioning if Three Square will get it. I sure hope so.The place is hip, the concept is cool, front house did their best, but the way too long wait for that not so spectacular meatball to appear, room temp salad and rock hard dessert  It's 2.5 dining experience, but I'm rounding out this particular visit to a 3, because it's Restaurant Week, gotta support the businesses that are participating.
5	Woohoo! Never thought I would say I'm a meatball fan!  Leave it to the chicken and mushroom meatball to change my mind and tempt my tummy to try more meatballs! I'm a salad lover to say the least....and the cucumber/tomato salad is the best! Loved the food, the drinks, the ambiance... it's a funday no matter what day it is. With Easter just around the corner, you have to check out the BUNNY that serves meatballs... haha we got the happiest and nicest server of them all.  And don't worry Wedding Singer (movie) fans... these meatballs come on plates!
2	Ohhhh Meatball spot. My love of your amazing food keeps bringing me back.  The amazing mixture of pork, beef, and veal with the heavenly sauces perfectly blanketing their tender textures are the meatballs dreams are made of.   HOWEVER your HORRIBLE front of house service with servers unable to properly prep a table, get and keep the right drinks on the tables and inability to manage their own sections along with the Kitchen's inability to get food on the table in a timely manner is eventually going to cause me to have to end this affair. Please change for both of us!!!  I beg of this for both of us...
2	If your name is the Meatball Spot, your meatballs better be pretty darn phenomenal.  Unfortunately, that's not the case here.Fellow Yelper Esther S. and I opted to share the meatball sampler platter for $15.99.  You get one of each of their 6 signature meatballs, each of their 5 dipping sauces, and 2 pieces of toasted french bread.  The two of us had a hard time finishing the whole plate (both because we were full and some of the meatballs were a waste of calories).Meatballs:Classic - This was the best meatball on the plate, but relative to other meatballs, it was just OK.  It says it's a blend of beef, veal & pork with romano cheese and fresh herbs.  It tasted meaty and was adequately juicy.  I couldn't find any notes of cheese though.Beef - Second best meatball on the plate.  It was adequately moist and flavored well with herbs.  Again, couldn't pick up on any of the pecorino romano cheese that is supposedly in the meatball.Pork - It was just OK. Vegetarian - This was the worst meatball.  It fell apart and was mushy in consistency.  It reminded me of a falafel, but didn't taste nearly as good.  It was mushy and flavorless.Chicken - Second worst meatball.  It was incredibly dry.  I had a hard time eating my half. This one has parmesan cheese in it.  Unfortunately, the cheese seemed like it was a ball right in the middle instead of being integrated well into the meatball.  I got a huge unsuspecting bite of cheese in the middle and no meat.  I didn't like it.Turkey - This too was really dry. Yuck.  Just yuck.Sauces:Classic Tomato - Not really much to say about this one. It was just OK.Spicy Meat Sauce - More like mild meatless water.  No thanks.Mushroom Gravy - This was actually my favorite sauce.  It was rich, creamy, and delicious all on its own.  I drenched some of the gross meatballs in this sauce to make them more edible.Pesto - It was OK.  I don't really associate pesto with meatballs, but the combination was OK.  Didn't find my fork visiting this sauce too often.Parmesan Cream - My second favorite sauce.  It was also rich and creamy and helped add moisture and flavor to some of the dry meatballs.The meatballs were large in size, food came out quickly, and the prices are really reasonable.  Service is just meh, nothing terrible but nothing remarkable either.All in all, I won't be back.  And, I honestly don't see this place staying open much longer. It's just not that good.
2	First time I made a visit to the Meatball Spot, I was impressed. I thought their concept of different meatballs with different sauces was quite innovative. Their pizza portions are pretty big and is perfect for sharing with a group. I also really liked their gelato station and that you don't have to be seated to get an ice cream fix. A girlfriend and I decided to make a visit and indulge in some meatballs. We ordered the Meatball Sampler Platter for $15.99. This comes with one of every meatball they have: classic, pork, beef, chicken, turkey and vegetarian. The meatballs also come with a side of all of their sauces: classic tomato, spicy meat sauce, Parmesan cream, pesto and mushroom gravy. Six meatballs were plenty between me and my girlfriend. It was a hit or miss between each meatball and quite honestly, we weren't impressed overall. The classic meatball (blend of beef, veal and pork) was juicy and seasoned well. The beef meatball was also juicy and seasoned well. But the good stops here. The pork and the turkey are both dry and taste a little funky. The chicken meatball is extremely dry and looks un-chicken like. It has a Parmesan cheese filled center, which doesn't really work well with my palette. The worst was the vegetarian meatball. This wasn't much of a meatball - it was more like a falafel.The Parmesan cream and mushroom gravy sauces were pretty good. But the rest? Not so much. The classic tomato sauce was not "simply delicious" nor did it "taste like home" as the menu indicates. It tasted like warm Ragu straight from the jar. The spicy meatball sauce was really disappointing. Not very meaty but very watery and not spicy. Pesto sauce did not leave an impression.Our server was really nice and attentive but we could tell that he was a little frazzled with how busy it was. Even though it was the end of his shift, he had no issues answering our questions. Such a disappointment in comparison to my first visit. I probably won't be back. But if I do go back, I hope that they amp up their meatballs with some good flavored juiciness!
4	Yum yum if you are a fan of italian food (mainly meatballs) this is the place to go! My uncle and I just dined here tonight and it was great. It's conveniently located in town square-so you can go shopping and grab a quick bite to eat here! You can get lunch, dinner or a quick snack here and is located where the old NU Sanctuary was. I love the atmosphere here. You can dine inside or outside which is a nice option on a day like today because it was soo nice out. Today I ordered the cookie explosion milkshake. If you're a fan of Oreo milkshakes I recommend this shake because that is what it is. I loved it because I love love Oreos. The last time I went here I got the peanut butter milkshake. I don't know what one is better-it's a toss up. All I can say is their milkshakes are bomb.For my meal I had the special meatballs of the day which was Mediterranean Lamb topped with their spicy meat sauce. It was awesome! If you ever go and this is the special I recommend it. The flavor was great. I also loved the sauce. I'm a fan of spicy and if you are too then get this sauce. I didn't have room for any gelato or dessert by the end since I kind of considered my milkshake my dessert but their gelato looks like something I would want to try in the future.Meatball spot also offers sides of pasta and pizza. With all these different choices I know I will be going back for a third taste session!
2	The decor inside and the ambiance was nice.  The presentation of the dishes are really nice as well.  Their menu seemed pretty limited.  My friends had the macaroni and cheese and they enjoyed their dish.  I decided to get the meatball sampler, which included 6 different types of meatballs with 5 different sauces.  I was expecting a phenomenal dish, since the restaurant is called the Meatball Spot.  The meatballs were a tad dry and the sauces were just okay.  However, I will say that since this is a newer restaurant.  I will come back here later and try it again.
2	If you read a few of these reviews, you will notice people have had a real issue with service at this place, I could not agree more.To be fair, our server was extremely attentive and very friendly. Of course he was not old enough to serve alcohol, so our beers arrived after our food (20 minutes). It is apparent that management has done a poor job of delegating tasks among the staff, because the place was overflowing with employees. With the number of staff on hand, there should have been no excuse for the delay. Then we came to learn that this place is owned by the same person who owns one of the nightclubs on the strip - and then everything made sense. Nightclubs are notorious for putting service last on their list of priorities: pack them in and upsell everything - and if they don't come back, who cares, they're probably tourists anyway.Honestly, I was not a big fan of the meatballs. First of all, they absolutely skimp on the sauce. For the size of these meatballs there was not enough sauce (on any of the varieties we tried) to last through one meatball, much less two. And then there are the meatballs themselves - while some people may like this recipe, I found it to be too harsh and dominated by a single spice, which I failed to identify but overpowered the meatball so much as to not taste anything else.
2	Let's start out by saying I was really excited to try this restaurant. As we walked in, I was struck by the nice decorating and friendly staff. We ordered the meatball sampler, truffles beans and pancetta and a full sheet of pizza. The beans came out first and it was disappointing, not even a hint of truffles. Next we got the meatballs sampler. There was 6 different varieties.All with the exception of the vegetarian were dry. The accompanying sauces were watered down with the exception of the two marinaras. Finally we got the sheet pizza which was the only highlight of the night. Nice crust and sauce with the right amount of toppings. This place needs to reevaluate their quality standards or change their name from the meatball spot to the pizza spot.
2	Was not a fan. For the prices I wanted to be wowed but it was only eh. Servers tried too hard (we ended up with 3 servers some how). Sorry but won't be back
3	Great meeting spot for a big gathering.Great service & ambiance with the alluring promise of a celebrity Chef's touch.We ordered a few rounds of the Classic meatballs in both Classic and Spicy Meat sauce plus the Chopped Salad.The salad was more like a Chunk salad as the pieces were large and there was no lettuce. But taste was good.Pizza by the slice was good with chewy thin crust and right amount of cheesy goodness.Meatballs were a bit dry and slightly on the spongy side. The spicy meat sauce lacked the spicy kick and was a bit bland. I recommend taking a bolder saucier approach to the spicy sauce without the meat as it seems redundant with meatballs.I know they are relatively new and hope they will continue to improve their meatball menu as this is their name.Like the location and service so we will be back and get their crazy large "Sicilian" style pizza next time. Will wait a few months before trying the meatballs again.
2	Not good. My boyfriend kept asking me to go here and the name never sounded appetizing but finally tonight I said ok. It was a disappointment. Before I begin I will say that the place is really cute. I really like the restaurant itself, the doors all open so in the Spring time (when it's warmer, it was quite cold tonight) it is probably great when there's a nice warm breeze. Ok so we walked in and weren't offered a table, for some reason the host asked if we would sit at the bar. We both thought that was because there were no seats so we said ok. Once we got to the bar we were like wait no we want a table... Not sure if that was a misunderstanding or if the bar was so empty he was trying to fill it with some younger people? Anyways... Waitress finally came over and we split the meatball platter which has 1 of each meatball and each sauce, perfect for 2 people on our first time here. Well the meatballs were not good... They were all dry, I dunked them in sauce just to choke them down. The flavor wasn't even there. And when it came to the Veggie meatball I almost gagged. It tasted nothing like a veggie burger, it was mushy and just inedible. I wanted so badly to spit it out, but I swallowed it with a huge gulp of water and even shoved extra sauce in my mouth. Gross! Even the sauces were lacking. The marinara was okay?! Nothing special though. We also shared a piece of pizza... Nothing impressive, and it was kinda burnt from being reheated. Not to mention our food came out about 5 minutes after ordering so I'm betting it was all premade and probably microwaved based on the dryness. I wouldn't ever return.... Should have trusted my instinct.
2	So disappointed!  Was really looking forward to this restaurant, as one of my favorite foods is spaghetti with meatballs!  Was even thinking about coming here for my birthday dinner.  So so so so glad that I passed on that and decided to get take out here instead.The good news is that their chocolate milkshake made from their gelato was one of the best I've had.  Nice portion size too.Had to send my take out order back two times before they got it right.  I'm so glad that I checked my order instead of waiting until I got home.  The first time, it was missing one serving of noodles,  the cheese I requested for the meatballs, and the sauce for the noodles.  The second time, it was missing both servings of noodles!  The second time, when I went back to report my findings, I stood at the counter, with two employees.  Neither greeted me or asked how they could help.  It took awhile before someone who must have been watching from the sidelines came around the side and tended to me.  The food was uneventful.  Ordered the classic meatballs with a side of spaghetti and a side of broccoli.  Meatballs were ok, except for it seemed like someone had dumped a large handful of salt on it.  I wasn't able to finish them all because the salt was so overpowering.  The spicy meat sauce didn't have a hint of spice.  The spaghetti was cooked perfectly, however, the portion size was so tiny that it's definitely not enough to put the meatballs on top & call it a meal -- not that it was ever advertised that way.  I understand, it's a side.  Still though, it's just pasta and for six bucks I would have liked to see a little more.  The broccoli was also extremely salty.Meh...
2	As I saw in so many other reviews, the service was slow, the portions small, and the prices very high.  The meatballs themselves were kind of flavorless and the sauce was insufficient for the already small portion.  Great location and kind of a fun atmosphere so I'd like to say I'll go back and try it again, but I can't be sure.
1	Wow. How this place is still open is beyond me. The service sucked right from the beginning. He left us sitting there for a good 15 minutes before even acknowledging we were there. We could tell he was a little flustered and it didn't seem busy. Finally placed our order, the three of us ordered different items so we could try each one. I had the special chicken meatballs, supposed to have blue cheese and buffalo sauce, I couldn't taste blue cheese at all and the buffalo sauce wasn't spicy at all. They were super dry to boot. My other two friends felt the same about their meatballs, we actuallly laughed about how horrible this place is. The waiter noticed that we all left most of our 3 meatballs and he didn't ask why. I'm pretty sure he knows the answer. If this is any indication of the rest of Carla Pelligrino's restaurants are I have no desire to try them out.
4	This was a great place. I went in there this Thursday night and the food and service turned out great.  Our server matt was very attentive  and had a  great personality.  Drinks were good too. The cookie explosion  milkshake were great.  Definitely going back with my friends. Decided to take a chance and I'm happy I did.
3	Although I am not the biggest fan of Italian food- my friend suggested this place and I thought might as well try something new.Their menu was a little pricey; I was feeling not as hungry so I ordered a salad and gelato. My friend ordered an oversized slice of pizza, a salad, and a banana foster ice cream sandwich.The salad was kind if small for a half size- was okay for the most part (I felt kind of cheated for the size and for what was it in- spinach, small chunks of cheese, and pecans). The oversized slice of pizza was huge for $5.99- not too bad if you're feeling hungry plus it lives up to it's name. It was chewy but cheesy :) The banana foster cake was a disappointment- at first I thought it would be creamy and soft but when we decided to dig into the dessert it was hard to even cut one piece for yourself.The service was okay- our first server was nice but had to leave (for some reason he was still around even when we left). Our second server kept coming at least 5 or 6 times even when we were done with our food and paid for already. It was nice that he kept coming but we felt like we were smothered too much. Maybe my second experience won't be as bad- I just won't go on a Friday night :P
1	Overpriced for what you get. The meatballs are dry, there is hardly any sauce given, and the service is confused and inconsistent.
4	Recently (Last Christmas) my girlfriend and I went to eat at Meatball Spot for Christmas dinner. We had a flighty waitress who took our desert order before we were served even our salads. The food was portioned well, and tasted great. They do a great job of using quality ingredients, but the service left much to be desired. Fast forward...Saturday we came back with our child in tow for lunch. We came back to the meatball spot for the same great food, but we were doubly surprised at the great service we received from CJ. He was timely in taking our orders, had great wait times before coming back to check on us, and did a great job entertaining our 5 year old. A feat that might otherwise go unnoticed, because I'm sure most TS restaurants do not see many child clients, but also because our child is somewhat shy. I can say that this is the best eating experience that we have had at TS quite some time. We will be back to Meatball Spot, as much for the food as for the service.
1	We were not greeted when entering the restaurant. When we sat at the bar we were ignored for probably 5 minutes before the waitress bothered to acknowledge our presence. (It wasn't busy at all, around 2pm on a Thursday). Eventually she offered to get us drinks and despite being slow there was no iced tea ready to be served. My friend asked for a gluten free menu and was told there was no such thing and then when my friend was a little upset about this, she told us: "Whatever, I didn't make the menu, don't be mad at me!" The portions served were small and overpriced, appetizer-sized, which would have been okay if the food was exceptional. However, the meatballs were dry, the sauce bland and tasteless and greasy. The bread was stale and crunchy like an old crouton. My friend's penne pasta with pesto had very little pesto, mostly cream sauce, and was served cold.Overall a very poor experience. When we asked to speak to a manager, we saw the manager, who was drinking beers with two other men, look at us, and then decide to ignore us and continue his conversation. We had to get up, walk over to the table he was sitting at, and ask him to help us. He got up angrily, took the receipt from my friend, and crumpled it up in a ball and threw it at the bar, saying he'd take care of it. The implication being that we were not worthy of his time or attention.I can't believe this place is even still in business.
1	OMG This place is terrible.  As an appetizer we tried the meatball sampler along with a sampling of all of their sauces.  Every one of the meatballs (pork, chicken, turkey, beef, veggie and "traditional") was dry and bland.  No moisture...no little bits of veggies or anything else in them.  The meat was ground up like baby food and the only thing we found edible was what they called their "spicy sauce".  I'm not a spicy sauce person but I can tell you it was not spicy. The other sauces tasted like they came from packaged mixes.  We also ordered a tomato and cucumber salad which was supposed to include kalamata olives...not an olive in site and no flavor to the "dressing" at all!  Then we ordered a half tray sausage pizza.  We had to use napkins to blot the grease off the pizza before we could eat it.  And then it turned out to be a "soggy bottom" pizza.  All of this would be bad enough but this place is expensive too.  It's really too bad because the decor is really great.  I can't imagine going there again or recommending this to anyone.
3	3.5 stars, not the 2.5 that I was expecting.I was pleasantly surprised. With all the terrible reviews, I wanted to stay away...but sometimes, you gotta take a chance. I dove in head first with my friend last night, and it was none too shabby. First, let me say that they are definitely paying attention to their reviews on Yelp because the service was spot on. It was fast, friendly, and the manager came over to see how we were doing. A-OK in my book!I ordered turkey meatballs with pesto, and melted the cheese on top. The meatballs were tasty and the pesto was delicious, too. It was a creamy pesto, though, not usually my favorite, but it was alright.The major gripe I have about the place is the prices: $9 for meatballs, fine. But saying that they come with french bread when they literally come with one piece of crostini is not cool. $3.50 for a soda, absurd! $1.50 for cheese on top of the meatballs, mmmno. And finally, $7 for a side of garlic parmesan fries? I want fries dipped in golden ketchup for that price. It was not worth it. Stick with the meatballs, sans cheese, skip the garlic fries, and just drink water and you'll have a great time.
4	I'm honestly quite surprised at many of the reviews here. This was my second opportunity to dine here and it was even better than the first. The food is delicious... Started w a half cheese pizza and a half arugula salad. Toss the salad on top of the pizza and its a great app. Then get few meatballs classic with tomato sauce, blue cheese stuffed w buffalo sauce (a little too sweet, slight spice would've been great), turkey w cream pesto sauce. A few beers and then a double chocolate chip fudge coffee ice cream sandwich. Yea...YUM. friendly, attentive, and super fun staff (props to CJ)!  It was my Dads birthday and he had a wonderful time. I'm not the pickiest but great food and phenomenal service is sadly not so easy to come by. Check out the spot. It's not to be regretted!
1	Service at this place was beyond horrible! Our waiter was nowhere to be found the whole night. He probably didn't care about serving our table as he will get the gratuity for sure (we had a large party). When we got our check, there was an extra item. I told him we didn't order that item. He said, "Oh......what do you want me to do? So do you want me to take this off your check?" I was thinking "No s***!" You think I just notified you there's an extra item on my check but I will still pay for it?Besides the service, food was terrible. $9 for 3 very salty and dry meatballs. And for the first time I saw a chop salad that didn't have lettuce. It didn't even tell you on the menu.2 words to describe this place: COMPLETE RIPOFF!
3	The happy hour is really good to get variety and meatball sandwiches ($3) and you can choose your meat and sauce. The milkshakes are wonderful. The mojitos are not anything special and I would just recommend a beer but they are hugely over-priced, even for Las Vegas.
2	I honestly cant believe I paid $30.00 for my lunch here today. I'm used to home made Italian food, so my standards may be a little high, but I would expect a place that specializes in meatballs to actually have good....uh...meatballs. I ordered the chicken meatballs and they tasted like theyd be sitting under a lamp. I expect this from mcdonalds, but I dont expect this when I'm paying 30.00 for my lunch. The meatballs were super dry, and if my 80 year old grandmother can make better meatballs something is wrong. The pasta came out cold, and the broccoli was under cooked. I shouldnt have to saw into my broccoli that Im cutting down a tree. The food wasnt the only problem. The wait staff was rude,the busboy kept giving me dirty looks because I have my 11 month old son with me in the high chair. Of course he was getting food everywhere, but I fully intended on cleaning up after him. I didnt appreciate the death looks while I was eating. Get over it, it's a shopping mall that your customers are coming from, there will be babies. Just hope you get the moms like me that clean up after there kids. Im really mad to that after we paid my friend was feeding her baby and they took all our drinks away and everything out from under us without even asking, as if to say get the f out. Excuse us for taking an extra fifteen minutes. Your restaurant was empty, nobody was waiting. To top it off, one of the waiters tells us that their restrooms dont have changing tables and to go somewhere in the mall to change them. Then we walk back to their bathrooms and there is a changing table. Im pretty sure the people at this place just hate babies. Which I can respect the fact for a nice evening meal maybe not bring babies, but it was 2pm and lunch time. This place is horrible compared to the other restaurants that are available in the same location. Say no and walk over to Yardhouse.
5	5 stars because it is well-deserved.This was my second time here.  My first time was with Mary-Christine and it was an awkward experience, but I try not to judge harshly because they just opened.  Anyone's who has eaten here once and was disappointed, needs to try this place again.  Seriously. What's hard to believe is why this place only has 2.5 stars.  Seems oddly suspicious of someone trying to sabotage the reputation here.From start to finish, my Sunday dinner was better than expected.  My husband and I, brought an out of town guest here for them to try something new.  Ramen, KBBQ, and sushi was getting old, so why not try one of the newest places at townsquare?What we ordered:- Chicken meatballs w/ parmesan garlic sauce- Chicken meatballs w/ buffalo sauce & blue cheese - Slider trio (classic with garlic sauce, pork & pesto, turkey & mushroom sauce)- Side of garlic mashed potatoes- Minty goodness ice cream cookie- Nutella gelato- Salted caramel gelatoService:Matt served us as was great! He was nice and attentive without hovering.  Our cups of water were always full.  Food came out in a timely manner.  The overall establishment has great servers.  I observed the interactions the other servers had with their guests and I was impressed. Food verdict:Meatballs were cooked to perfection and we all had plenty of sauce to swirl our meatballs in and the one piece of bread that comes with it. Our out of town guest ordered the slider trio and was very satisfied.  As a lover of pesto and mushrooms he was able to try multiple flavors.  He loves anything mushrooms and loved his meal.  Garlic mashed potatoes were a good side to share with three people.Dessert....that NUTELLA gelato though! $2.99 a scoop and it's like ferrero roche in the gelato form. Great hazelnut taste.  The salted caramel was good, but not great. Don't worry, there are plenty of flavors for everyone.  I look forward to trying more in the future.  The ice cream cookie was hard as a rock and too messy to eat with the hands; therefore, you were lucky if your spoon was able to cut a soft spot, but still yummy.Suggestions:How about a bread basket?  So that we can dip it in our leftover sauce =PHow about a simple survey when the check comes out? Maybe we can vote for a future meatball flavor combination? You know, a little something to keep people coming back for.
1	Wow, this place sucks.  The service was bad, the meatballs were bland and dry, and, other than the bread, the food was just terrible.  Let me start off with saying that the best meatball I've had is from Lavo.  It's moist, juicy, and has this sauce that is just to die for.  After waiting for 20 minutes without either a drink order or anything, we finally had someone come up to us and tell us that our server would be with us in a moment.  Five minutes later, the server arrived to take our orders.  I joked around with the server to ask if his meatballs were just as good, but he said that he didn't know.  Anyway, I ordered the hidden menu item, spaghetti and meatballs with the spicy meat sauce, and my buddy had the meatball parm sandwich.  When my meal arrived, I was disappointed with the portion size.  First, it's pasta...so what kind of restaurant gives a small portion of it.  Second, after I cut into the meatball, I could see how dry it was.  When I asked the server if it was supposed to be like that, he said yes, the meat is very lean.  He also admitted that the first time he ate one, he was also surprised how dry it was.  It should go without saying that a dry meatball is flavorless and has a bad mouth texture.  Combine that with the insipid sauce, it was just a hugely disappointing meal.  Anyway, if you want a place with bad service, flavorless food, and an overall disappointing experience, Meatball Spot is the place for you.  Also, the menu has all these add ons that you need for each thing you order, so the price point isn't all that competitive.  Hopefully this place improves, but I'll never know, since I'm never going back and will tell all my friends how lousy this place is.
4	This new spot in town square is pretty cool..This is my first time here and I have  to say the food is quite good... i had the chicken meatballs with parm garlic sauce with melted mozzarella cheese... I'm not sure if it was because the place was a little slow or if its typically like this but I was served in under 5 minutes hot and delicious...the portion is a little small... So if you are really hungry you might want I consider 2 orders...The restaurant itself has a very cool vibe the atmosphere is pleasant and the place is bright and the well decorated and the music was not over powering...This place
2	The waiter was really responsive and filled our drinks when they were empty. We then ordered the half-tray pizza. Wow. That is one large tray. At the same time, it's a thin crust, cheesy pizza.  The taste was kind of lackluster.They really don't mind if you take your time, seated at a regular table. The taste was so-so. I'll have to try the meatballs next time because I'm curious!//UPDATETried the Meatballs here. Not impressed for a place that is named for it :( Sorry, MS! Try again.
5	Good food. I recommend the classic meatball sandwich with spicy sauce. If they happen to have the risotto you much give it a shot
1	Service was terrible.  Didn't even get a chance to order because it took so long to get drinks and it wasn't even busy.   Can't say anything about the food, but the waiter and manager were unreal.  I could go on about the experience but not worth it.  This place will be out of biz soon.
3	The service was pretty good. If you love salt get the meat meatballs because they are salty! The classic was the perfect combination of taste. Classic sauce was great. The problem is the prices are over priced for the portion sizes. At least offer bread while waiting for food. I would come back if I'm not starving.
1	Will Not Return. It's such a bummer when a restuarant with such fabulous decor and such a fresh, clean, trendy vibe serves food worse than McDonalds! We had the classic meatball (disgusting and tasted like chef boyardee), a garbage salad (which tasted exactly like it's name), mac and cheese (the only item I'd give a decent rating to), and the truffle beans and pancetta (ZERO truffle and tasted straight from a can). There was so much salt in the meatballs I thought I was digesting it by spoon fulls, and while the sauces were ok, they couldn't make the horrid taste go away. On a positive note - the service here was great! From hostesses, bartenders, and our server - they were fabulous!Will never return.
3	I sure do love me some meatballs...we decided to try this place out since we were hungry and it wasn't as busy as the other restaurants. The hostess was friendly and talked about the menu before we made our final decision to eat here. New spot so minus well try it out.I didn't know what to get and I asked our server what he recommended, he said the classic meatballs with the tomato sauce. I didn't go with what he said since I'm trying not to eat red meat so I went with the turkey meatballs with the mushroom sauce. It was delicious! I would get it again. The garlic fries was delicious...but you really can't mess up fries.I only gave this place 3 stars since the service was excellent, he forgot our waters.
1	I used to love this place when it first opened. The prices were ok and the meatballs were delicious and juicy. After stopping in last night i will not return. The prices were raised from $6.99 for the classic meatballs which was ok but not great to $9.99! That is a HUGE price increase for a product that was on the verge of pricey to begin with. Also the meatballs last night were just OK and the pasta was over cooked when every other time it was el-dente. I used to tell all of the other locals I knew about this place and they would all go. I am now telling them about the price increase and they all said it was already at the top of what they were willing to spend and they wont return either. They are scaring away locals trying to get upscale prices for a bar atmosphere. Good job.
2	We arrived around 5:15pm on a Tuesday night. The place was empty. (The place did begin to fill up around 6pm.) I liked the look of it. The waiter and was super friendly. Service was decent. The food and pricing sucked. Way overpriced.I had the Chicken Meatballs with spicy sauce. Not sure what I really expected in 3 small balls of meat, but the spicy sauce was NOT at all spicy, and the meatballs were sort of boring. ZZZzzzz The bread on the side had butter on it. Yuck.  I also ordered the $5.99 oversized cheese pizza slice because basically the server told me meatballs were not enough food. Uh, the pizza was NOT oversized. A total rip off for 6 bucks. I can get a bigger slice of pizza anywhere on the strip! Bummer.I was still hungry after my small, $17 meal. So my wife gave me a piece of her veggie meatball sandwich. Then it all went to hell....I took a bite and bit down HARD on what I thought was a rock! My wife thinks it was maybe an uncooked lentil? Are uncooked lentils that hard? Anyways, I bit down on what felt like a rock and almost broke a tooth. A young kid came by to take the plate and I told him about the rock/lentil. I lifted the stone type object for him to see, and dropped it onto the plate so he could HEAR the loud CLICK as it hit the plate. If it tastes like a rock, feels like a rock and LOOKS like a rock, it is a rock. Or maybe a really hard lentil. So the kid tells me he is going to get the manager. At this point, I just wanted to get out of there, but I prepared in my mind what I would say to the manager. I would tell him or her that I did NOT show them the lentil/rock for any sort of discount, or maybe a free dessert. I only thought they should know about it so it would not happen to another person. Well, no manager ever showed up. We left, and had dessert at the Max Brenner chocolate place on the strip...
3	Meatball slider sampler was delicious. A little pricey but I guess your in Vegas. They need to offer garlic bread not just fries.
2	My family and I went here after watching a movie...not my idea.  I ordered garlic parmesan fries and the meatball slider sampler: classic meatball with classic sauce, chicken meatball with Parmesan cream and beef meatball with spicy meat sauce. The classic sauce and spicy meat sauce tasted identical so I didn't taste variety at all.  The Parmesan sauce tasted like pesto so I was left feeling confused as to what I just ate. I mean, the meatballs were quite juicy and sizeable so they weren't that bad.  The fries didn't taste like garlic or Parmesan at all...it was salty but that was it.  The servers reminded us of "Jersey Shore"...Ronnie, Mike "The Situation", Pauly D. And the meatballs reminded me of...well, Snookie!  It wasn't the best service I've had.  Our server was already giving us the check without even asking us if we wanted dessert or anything else.  He probably had some fist pumpin' to do and was in a hurry.For dessert, I got a scoop of Nutella gelato. It was ok...not the best Nutella gelato I've had. It tasted like dark chocolate with lots of sugar and bits of hazelnuts.  Somebody in our group got a Black and White milkshake and loved it.  It took about 20 minutes before we got our desserts.  How hard is it to scoop ice cream and put it in a cup?  Does it take 20 minutes?  I was watching the lady behind the gelato station - I hope she doesn't have any plans of working for anywhere that requires speed and alertness.
3	I have a love/hate relationship with this place. I've dined there about 5 times now because it's in a great location, has decent food and is a good spot for a group of friends to dine. Unfortunately, their service is not great. From forgetting orders, to wrong orders, to being out of menu items (every time we've been). Last time we stopped in, they had posted their new happy hour times on their Facebook (which I follow). Nowhere on this flyer post was "Monday - Friday" so we decided to stop by. Their sign outside also did not note days, only times, so we assumed it included all days. We asked the waiter, he informed us Monday - Friday, then argued with us that the sign listed it. Despite this argument, he was actually the best server I've had there so far. Sad, but true. Also, for the amount of food you get this place is over-priced. Being that it's all heavy food items, you do leave being full. I really do think they could fix a few things and would go from being "ok" to "great". PS: Stay away from sitting at the bar for a long period of time. Very uncomfortable!
3	I wanted SO badly to love this place!! And, it was good, but not great.We arrived around 8:30 on a Thursday night, and were seated right away. Then our server come within a few minutes and took our drink order and since we knew what we wanted we ordered our food then as well. We ordered the garlic parmesan fries, beef meatballs with the spicy meat sauce, and turkey meatballs with classic sauce. Both meatball orders were supposed to have provolone cheese.About 10 minutes later brought my husband the wrong drink and nothing for me. I waited a good 20 minutes for a glass of wine. After another 10 minutes or so we got our 2 meatball orders, but no fries, and meatballs both had mozzarella cheese. No big deal on the cheese, and as long as their were no fries on my bill I wasn't going to make a big deal about it because we had plenty of food with just the meatballs.In the meantime, the mgr comped the entire bill for the table next to us and apologized (I have no clue why). AND, when he asked us if everything was OK we mentioned the wine and fries. He took the wine off our bill and the fries were delivered quickly. Our service was never bad...just super slow, which I felt was a result of our server having way too many tables. I counted 10.We also got dessert. My husband got the birthday cake milkshake, which our server highly recommended, and my husband sucked down in about 2 minutes. And, I got the bananas foster ice cream sandwich. The cookies of the sandwich were great, and the ice cream in the center was great, but there wasn't enough ice cream to cookie ratio.Overall, the food was good. On this occasion I made a trip across town just to check this place out. But, in the future I probably wouldn't go again unless I was in the area. I did like how the menu was set up...everything is explained well, and even though it is mostly just meatballs, there are lots of choices (even vegetarian) and different ways to get them. Prices were fair, too.
1	I had heard a lot of hype about this place, but it was overpriced and the meatballs are better at subway. This place is gross and I won't be back, ever!
1	Dined here the other night because Yard House was packed as usual and totally regretted it.... I was told the meatballs were completely gluten free and well lets just say that was impossible since i am still suffering from it. Ive been in severe pain ever since dining here and when i called to speak to a manager, the hostess "lost connection" with me twice. And can we say OVER PRICED? i will NEVER return, and i hope they realize why all the other places in town square were packed and they had a total of 3 people sitting at their bar.
4	This review is on its HAPPY HOUR ONLY.It's a nice watering SPOT for Happy Hour over drinks and bar food dishes at $3 each. Its happy hour menu is limited, however.YELPIER DETAILS:Happy Hours:-  2:30-5:30 & 9pm-close, M-FThis establishment has a large, inviting, covered patio section, a  pretty spacious dining area, and an attractive bar counter. I like its horse shoe-shaped bar counter, which has eye-pleasing, well stocked liquor shelves. - Well, its barstools seem to be a bit too high, however. There are enough Sports TV all around the restaurant.HAPPY HOUR FOOD & DRINKS-  The selection of $3 drinks is good, though limited to draft beer (4 choices), sangaria, and well drinks; NO special offers for wine. The menu of $3 bar food includes pizza slice (1 choice of toping) meatball slider, rigatoni, and spaghetti [- See pic]. I had a Guinness and a Kellerweissen beers; Meatball slider (choice of meat and sauce), and a slice of pizza. Beers were good as expected. But I had different ratings for my bar food. - The thin-crust pizza with pepperoni topping was very tasty and the slice was surprisingly large (- See pic). Excellent!- However, my slider (beef with spicy sauce) was not as good as I'd expect, for a dish that reflects the namesake of the restaurant. THAT meatball somehow lacked texture and taste, as well as being a bit on the dry side. The spicy sauce was not spicy at all, I needed to add some red pepper flakes to spice it up; adding a little Tobasco sauce would have been even better. EXCELLENT SERVICE- Its serving staff was friendly and efficient. The barkeep was super friendly and attentive. The hostess was very pleasant, greeting potential customers at the entrance, patiently explaining to them various menus items. The mgr and even the hostess came over to chat with customers, asking how they like their orders; later they said good-bye to customers cheerfully at departure, really making customers feel welcome! Yes, I will go back there for Happy Hour.- I think it's a good SPOT for it with friends, especially BEFORE and/or AFTER a movie at the AMC. - BUT we would probably stay away from their beef meatball sliders. On second thought, for $3 only, though, I just might try their other signiture meatballs, and would ask the chef to spice up the spicy sauce before hand.---
3	A friend and I came here for happy hour after a long day of shopping. We sat at the bar and our bartender was Dan, he was very nice and accommodating. We had sangria which was three dollars for a a drink, not bad pricing!
1	While my coworkers ordered meatballs (Classic & Beef w/ Spicy Meat Sauce, Chicken w/ Pesto), I ordered the Tomato and Cucumber Salad and a Mac and Cheese. My mac and salad were both ok, not horrible but not good. But my coworkers were all disappointed by their meatballs (considering this is a MEATBALL place).The service was unorganized. My coworker asked for a refill for his beer and our waitress jokingly said "i'll think about it". She mustve been thinking about it REALLY hard since she never brought his refill. Since we haven't seen her for a longgg time, I assumed her shift has ended or she just forgot about us so we had asked another waiter. Still nothing. Even when we asked for our check, it was a hassle. After asking... waiting... waiting... asking... waiting... waiting... they deserve 1 star.
3	I met a friend here for lunch on Friday afternoon.  Neither of us had eaten here before.While the concept of a "meatball" restaurant is creative and different, the dining experience was a bit underwhelming and not exactly the excitement we were looking for.  We were disappointed.  We each started with a salad - $7 for a small salad.  My salad was good - but I wished they served it with some bread.  We shared the Meatball Sampler - which comes with 5 meatballs and all of the sauces to dip them in.  For $18, you get 5 meatballs.  You do not get pasta with this.  The pasta is an extra charge.  If you think it is served with a side of spaghetti, think again.  Both of us thought all the meatballs tasted too similar.  We couldn't really distinguish the chicken ball, from the classic ball, from the turkey ball.  The only meatball that stood out was the veggie ball - made with lentils and veggies.  The dipping sauces are nice, but only two were any good to me - the spicy meat sauce (which wasn't very spicy) and the pesto sauce.  We ended up ordering a side of bread to dip in the sauces, which happened to be one of the best parts of the meal.  Bread and sauce.  Yep, you read that right.  I'm glad that I finally tried Meatball Spot.  I will stick to my gut and taste buds next time though.  There are far better dining options at Town Square.
2	stopped by for a quick happy hour stop before a movie. we were in a hurry and it's right by the theater, so we decided to try the meaball spot instead of going to brio like usual. the HH menu was nice and simple - $3 for a few food items, sangria, well drinks and i think domestic beers? I'm glad we tried them out during HH because everything was just ok, probably not worth the full price. the pizza was really good, and a great deal at $3 for a sizeable piece w/ 1 topping. i'd definitely go back for the bacon/pancetta slice. pastas were cooked perfeclty al dente, but spicy meat sauce was pretty bland. the classic meatball was really good - juicy and well seasoned. i tend to gravitate toward sweet drinks, but the white sangria was too sweet even for me. possibly because it's made w/ moscato wine, but the peach taste was overwhelming. the drink menu mentioned the sangria was full of boozy grapes, but ours only had 1 piece of bruised apple and 1 piece of pear. so looks like no grapes for HH cheap@sses. really friendly service, and the food wasn't bad, but like the 2 star says - meh. i've experienced better
2	The food itself would get 4-5 stars. The only reason why I am giving this place 2 stars is because of the shitty management. it was out 1st time going here. Our original waiter looked very flustered so midway through, a new server told us he will be taking over. We orderd our food and the new waiter (you can just tell) was very overwhelmed. Not only that but the manager yelled at him in the middle of the resturant, which is the most unprofessional thing a manager can do. towards the end of our meal, we paid and on the receipt i wrote to the waiter: "Sorry about your shitty managment, you did nothing wrong.." and left him a big tip.
3	Daughter, her boyfriend and I hit the Meatball spot after watching a movie at the AMC.Even after seeing the below average reviews including the negative opinion from a good friend of mine, we still opted to try.We shared:Garbage salad( added gorgonzola $15 ) - very average salad - small, not much in the way of meat and cheeseChicken meatballs w/ pesto sauce ($9) - tender meatballs, flavorful sauce. we all liked it.Classic Meatballs w/ spicy meat sauce ( added cheese - total $12) - the winner of the group.  Great flavors and the meatballs were very tender.Beef meatballs w/ parmesan sauce ( $10) - meatballs were tender, average flavor but the parmesan sauce was very flavorful ( kinda like alfredo sauce )service was good - drinks were properly refilled.Overall we liked the food.  Prices waaay to high for what you get and the salad was sub-par but i'll probably return ( especially when I can give the desserts a try ) pics posted
3	This place is alright.  The location is great; near Rave Motions and other restaurants.  I have been here twice; the first time I believe was when they had barely opened.  It wasn't packed or crowded.  The prices were okay; but the portions were really small.  We had the meatballs (3) which were really good, mashed potatoes and spaghetti which were ok (these came in side dishes).  We were hungry afterwards, so we ending up ordering dessert (which we normally don't do).  It seemed like we were waiting for that ice cream sandwich for days.  Even one of the managers checked on us and told us it should be coming soon.  You would think something so simple as an ice cream sandwich from a "meatball" restaurant would be easy peasy?!  So, we were thinking it must be the real deal; liked fresh baked cookies?!  Nope, it was rock, hard-solid like it came out of a freezer.  What a waste.  It looked so good in the picture too and the long, anticipated wait.  The 2nd visit really do much for me either.  No real improvement.Overall...not really a place to eat, maybe to grab drinks?!  They have a nice, big bar in the middle.
2	For a place with the word "meat" in its name, the vegetarian meatball was better than most. I normally wouldn't order vegetarian meatballs, but it came with the meatball sampler I ordered. The sampler had one of every kind of meatball they make. Most meatballs were dry, lacking seasoning, bland and definitely needed sauce to mask the taste. The surprising exception was the vegetarian. It was pretty good. The classic meatball was also tasty. The classic has beef, pork and veal. If I ever go back, I'd probably order the classic again, but I'd doubt that will be anytime soon. The server we had was well-intentioned, but has no business being a waitress. She took forever to take our order, bring drinks out, even get glasses of water to us. We even saw her talking with a friend who'd stopped by to visit. When she saw us staring, she yelled across the patio, "I'll get your water in just a little bit."
2	I hate to do this because I had been dying to try this spot but . . . The drinks were good I had the white sangria which on happy hour was only $3 and good  . .very apple/"pineappley" and refreshingThe meatballs however were dreadful  . .  I had the turkey meatballs in parmesan cream sauce and the sauce was really good  . . but the meatballs were terrible They were undercooked and pink, also cold and flavorless/bland and the consistency reminded me of wet dog food  all of my friends meatballs were terrible too  . .
1	I hate to do this, but this was possibly the worst meal I've ever had. The meatballs were bland and flavorless and the classic sauce was a disgrace to the tomato. We also had the Garbage Salad, which was overpriced and entirely too small for an entree salad. Our waitress meant well and was pleasant, but is clearly not in the right profession. After being given two dessert menus, only one of which was accurate, we were told that nearly everything was sold out...at 4:30 in the afternoon. The bathroom looked as though the cleaning crew had been given the year off. Additionally, an employee left the bathroom without washing his hands. Ew!If this was the last place on earth and they were giving the food away free, I still wouldn't go back.
1	Was not impressed with this "spot"! What a waste of $45. I ordered the Classic Meatballs with the Spicy Meat sauce. The meatballs were bland and unseasoned. There was nothing spicy about the sauce. And my Caesar salad was also horrible. The dressing tasted like mayonnaise. Service was ok. Overall I left unsatisfied and hungry because I didn't even finish my meal.
1	Don't go here if you're hungry. Tiny portions for too much money. Salad with pears may include a couple slices of pear. Tastewise the sauces were really good. We ended up talking to the manager, as she asked us about our experience. We were honest with her about the portion size and pricing, and she said she would pass our comments on to the owner. Surprising to me that these guys also own the Sugar Factory. Needless to say, there is a reason why there was no line at the door.
2	The only thing that saved this place's 2nd to last star, is the great tasting shakes. I can just repeat all of the complaints of everyone else who went here to eat for the first time. Shit service, bland food, etc. I mean, meatballs tastes just like fucking meatballs right?Supposedly the ingredients that composed Meatball Spot's Meatballs are all Italian themed and believed to contain more exotic ingredients such as chopped rosemary, tarragon, basil, cilantro, parsley, etc. If that is so, then the Prep and Line Cooks really must have been fucking up because I went here twice and it tastes like a regular, gigantic-sized meatball! Sometimes it is sandwiched between two pieces of bread. Othertimes, served in a soup bowl. Still a fucking meatbally-tasting meatball though. I actually know someone who briefly worked here as well. Someone who worked from Prep to the Line. And according to him, the rumor between current and former employees goes like this, "Learn what you can, then GET THE FUCK OUT OF THERE!". At least tell whoever is making the shakes to make them faster! In fact, before you train them on the flagship dishes on the line, you should make them learn all of the milkshakes first. I mean, DAMN, these are some nice fucking milkshakes!It took 25 minutes for my milkshake to come after eating some sort of meatball sandwich. But man, that was a well made beverage, I went to work minutes later and I could still taste the aftertaste of peanut butter and chocolate in my mouth. Even during closing 5 and a half hours later I could still smell it in my breath (thats a good thing). Have you considered centering the menu AROUND your great milkshakes instead? Milkshakes MAY be made faster than meatballs, which required to be mixed in the prep station, then boiled en-masse on the line, and possibly refrigerated in the walk-in for further use the following day.
2	I have been here once and I don't plan on going back unless I'm with a group of really meatball hungry friends.The service was TERRIBLY slow! I only saw our original server once and it was a different server every time after. I felt like I had to bug a server that wasn't assigned to our area for a refill.The food isn't as great, in my opinion, as many others have made it out to be. The experience is different for everyone, though.
4	I have been to this little spot at Town Square at least 3 time and I leave very satisfied every time. The food is pretty tasty and the service is great as well. From the second you get to the restaurant until the second you leave you are being greeted by someone. The last time I went I had gone swimming and was extremely thirsty when I got there. I must have drank at leave 5 glasses of water and I never had to wave the server down to refill my drink. Although, I was very dehydrated that didn't stop me from drinking their sparkling sangria. They by far have the best sangria in town ! I use to think the sangria at Firefly was good until I tried the one here. The sangria has fresh apples and berries you should not leave this place before trying one of their sangria's. I was hesitant at first but trust me you will not regret it.  When you order their meatballs they serve them individually and every flavor of meatballs that they offer are equally tasty. If you are looking for good pizza this place has a really good thin crust pizza. When you order half of a pizza you will probably think they got your order wrong and gave you a whole pizza because their portions of pizza are pretty big. When I ordered half a pizza it took two people to finish. Last but not least. HAPPY HOUR! This place has an AMAZING HAPPY HOUR! Everyday after 9pm they have spaghetti, meatball sliders, and drinks for 3 dollars. Yes you read that correctly 3 dollars! It is such a great deal for the amount of food you get. The portion of spaghetti you get during happy hour is a descent amount. They give you a full bowl of spaghetti for 3 dollars you just cant get any better than that. The last time I was there I ate spaghetti and 2 sangria's and my bill was only 10 dollars. AMAZING.
3	Having owned a meatball themed restaurant myself (albeit on wheels), I'm torn about writing this review. Firstly, because I've been bitten by Yelp reviews, and as a restaurant owner, every review is taken personally and the bad ones break your heart. Secondly, I love Carla Pellegrino and her family.  I wanted to give all the meatballs a try so I ordered the sampler platter, along with every sauce.  Wish I had taken a picture.  The presentation was just completely unappetizing. I had asked the server to pair the meatballs w/ the best sauce that he recommended for each.  That wasn't done.  The plate had 7 or 8 round blobs on it, no labeling.  He went through what each was when he brought it, but I forgot before I started eating them.  The sauces were presented on a second plate, again no labeling.  We were left to fend for ourselves when it came to pairing the meats and sauces.  There were other issues, but the bottom line is, after reading all the reviews here, this place needs some serious revamping.  You can still call it the Meatball Spot and serve dishes that are "accompanied by" meatballs, i.e., spaghetti & meatballs, meatball sandwiches, meatball salads.  Everything is a la cart and the customer has to think too much about putting a meal together.  I just can't get behind serving a bunch of meatballs on a plate when they aren't good enough to stand on their own.
1	I have given this place SEVERAL chances; I think the food should be A LOT better, considering the prices they charge. They have had a very large staff working every time I've come, although the employees seem to be all over the place. DEFINITELY NOT a place I would recommend.
4	Great food, just pricey.  go for happy hour.  the meatball sandwiches are awesome.  go for the pesto sauce and original (not the mushroom sauce, wasn't that good).
2	My wife and I had seen the Meatball Spot several times while visiting Town Square and decided to give them a try. We didn't wait very long until we were seated. It was about 20 to 30 minutes, but that is not a long wait at a crowded restaurant any more. We liked the inside of the restaurant. It has a nice atmosphere. It was a long time before someone even greeted us. When they finally did we were told we were ignored was because they had just got slammed and were letting the kitchen catch up. I might have bought it but I have read too many reviews of the Meatball Spot that have said the same thing. And the service never really got much better. Our server seemed to be trying but it looked like he was overwhelmed. I ran out of my beverage several times and had to wait for a refill.I had a salad and my wife and I shared some meatballs. The salad wasn't the best, but it was OK. My wife and I both enjoyed the meatballs and sauce. Again, not the best, but pretty tasty. We tried one of their milkshakes and it was really good. I think that is the reason to go to the Meatball Spot. As I said, the food was OK. But, when you put just OK food with really bad service and then you get the bill. OUCH. I would not go back again because of those combined factors. But, I will be going back to geta milkshake.
2	WHO: Those of you curious about them MEATBALLS! WHEN: Not too sure about the time range they are open. Their website says they are open for breakfast, lunch, and late dining.WHERE: Located inside Townsquare, right beside the AMC theater.WHAT: Going to and from the theater, this spot always seemed to catch my eye. So, one night after a movie, my friend and I decided to check it out. My friend had already gone here once, but she hadn't tried the meatballs... so... CHALLENGE ACCEPTED! We walked in knowing we were going to try the meatballs. While looking at the menu, I noticed they were actually pretty pricey. $9.99 for 3 regular sized meatballs and your choice of sauce on top. We decided to try the meatball sampler (6 meatballs for $17.99) with parmesan cream on top... Conclusion.Not any of the 6 meatballs positively caught my taste buds =(. NO BUENO!
2	Food was ok and service was horrible.
4	I've been here a few times. They have a big bar area so its easy to get a seat if you are a small party of 1 or 2, and the last time I went was during their happy hour from 2:30-5:30 which includes $3 sangrias (normally $9) and $3 sliders. It was really quiet (hence the need for happy hour) but the bartender was attentive and they're always pretty friendly here. Since I don't have many other choices for meatball sandwiches where I'm from, I think the ones here are pretty good and even non-happy hour the prices are pretty decent. It is a convenient location in Town Square mall, a short hop from the strip.
4	I ordered the veggie meatballs and half baby arugula salad. Our waitress was very nice and attentive. (Bonus: tried to order the strawberry salad, told they were out so ordered the other. She came back to let me know they had it if I wanted to switch. Nice.) The salad was very tasty. I could have made this my entire meal but since it's called the meatball spot, I had to try them.  Since I haven't eaten red meat in years, I opted for the veggie version. The veggie "meatballs" were very moist and flavorful. (Next time I'll have to give the "bird" ones a try). This is a nice place when burgers just won't do.  Overall I was quite impressed.
2	The meat Balls were fine.  The fries were the worst in Las Vegas. Cold, tasteless, and over priced..  The A/C did not work very well. Warm inside. Service was a little better than poor.  It took almost 30 minutes for the order to come, and part of it was wrong.
3	its alright. a little pricey since your paying about $9 for 3 meatballs. sides come separate and, of course, cost extra. i got the turkey meatball with pesto sauce, boyfriend got the classic with tomato and we shared the rigatoni with Parmesan sauce. the parmesan sauce was a little grainy. the meatballs were good, nothing amazing. the service was good though, and the food came out really fast!
1	The food was okay (too highly flavored by raw herbs and luke warm), but the service was terrible. The waiter was crude and repeatedly insulted us. He didn't refill our waters (on a hot evening in Vegas) and told us we needed to order other drinks instead. He refused to give us information about carbs/sugar for items and refused to serve a salad with dressing on the side. He simply said that everything was calorie-loaded and we shouldn't be there if we couldn't afford any MORE pounds. We asked because our friend had gestational diabetes. He responded by stating that he didn't think she was pregnant; just fat. He refused to do anything for our friend's birthday other than add another insult. I paid cash and noticed that my change was short, so I asked him about it (saying that I didn't want his register drawer to be wrong at the end of the night). He said he knew he had shorted me, but he was out of ones. A five dollar bill would have worked. When I mentioned this to a friend, she said her change was shorted, too...then another. I guess he suspected that he might not get tips, so he just took them. I would have still tipped---not my usual 20-25%---but he merely got a penny (along with the amount he stole from me). Ridiculous!
3	Edible meatballs. That's all I can say about those. The only reason I'm giving a 3 star is the amazing milkshakes!!!
3	Meatball Spot is alright. Small, simple menu. You got your salads, your meatballs (with your choice of different sauces), drinks (smoothies, shakes, cocktails, and other typical beverages) and also they serve gelato here.I ordered a chopped salad with chicken added for additional $3. The entire dish cost $12.99. What was interesting about this salad was there weren't any type of lettuce whatsoever. There were chicken, tomatoes, cucumbers, onions, A BUNCH of tortilla strips, and corn. NO GREENS at all. The salad was really good....I just never had a salad with no lettuce.My boyfriend ordered the traditional 3 meatball entree with choice of sauce. That cost around $9.99 I think. In our opinions, 3 meatballs, although big in size (and cue the "that's what she said" remarks, ha. ha.) weren't worth the price. We passed by this place a few times whenever we're in Town Square. Glad we got to try it but it is not likely we'll be back again. The small selection in menu choices + the price for what you get is enough to turn us away.
3	Good spot to sit and try a mix of meatballs with different sauces, the happy hour makes this place worth it. A plus is the portions are pretty big so if your up for sharing it still suffices. Also the drink menu is unique so if your up for a change its worth the try.
3	Was out shopping and wanted just a bite to eat with a friend so we stopped here to share something since we were going out to a big dinner later. When we first walked in we weren't greeted =[ and just stood there like uhhh okay now what? After a busboy saw us standing there he sat us at the table. He was the only kind person we interacted with there. Once we looked at the menu we decided on sharing a medium hoagie with classic meatballs and classic sauce and half house salad. The food took quite awhile to come out, I have no idea why there were only 3 other tables that had people there and they had been there way before us. I was happy that the kitchen did cut the sandwich in half for us, however, it was very hard to pick up and eat so I ended eating it with a fork and knife. The food was pretty good, because it was good I will give them the benefit of the doubt and try it again. Fingers crossed the service will be better next time so I can update.
3	I have written several reviews each time I go. First I and most of the people who go with me like the food. The service like rolling the dice is a 50/50 shot. It is great or it sucks and that is the problem with the place. There is no consistency of service and that is a shame. The Managers walk around oblivious to what goes on and devoid of any personal contact with the patrons. Carl's JR and McDonald's have better customer relations.Yesterday we went at around 12:15 beginning of lunch rush) and while at the table I noticed that they (owners, partners whatever) were having a construction/redo meeting in the middle of the restaurant and some of the tables) This did not bother me as much as their constant walking the floor, hanging over our table, talking loudly, taking pictures and measuring things. After the 3rd time of them hovering over our table (and knowing they were not going to buy me lunch) I got up and moved to another table, but as they floated around the place it was more then annoying.While we all enjoyed the food and the service was ok but their lack of common sense and consideration for their customers was to say the least atrocious.We may go back or not this may have been my last time and not referring any friends to the place without a warning about their lack of customer service.
2	I can't review as far as food but the service was horrible. We were sat after waiting ten minutes for a table which I didn't mind but no one acknowledged us for thirty minutes, not even for drinks. We ended up leaving to go to Kabuki right next door. They seemed well staffed but the focus was on seating folks and bussing tables. We also noticed that some other parties were without food and had empty drink glasses. I realize that the place is new but it doesn't excuse that for their poor service. Hmm I really wanted to try out the place but they never gave me the chance. I don't know if ill go there again.
4	Meatball Spot is a great spot to eat at Town Square. It is family friendly, good food and good portions for sharing. The family pizza is a huge tray and is perfect for a large group. We will get a few different meatball orders in and pass them around to everyone. The milkshakes are delicious and we haven't had a chance to try the gelato because we always fill up on the meatballs!
2	This place is closed.
1	Service at this place was beyond horrible! Our waiter was nowhere to be found the whole night. He probably didn't care about serving our table as he will get the gratuity for sure (we had a large party). When we got our check, there was an extra item. I told him we didn't order that item. He said, "Oh......what do you want me to do? So do you want me to take this off your check?" I was thinking "No s***!" You think I just notified you there's an extra item on my check but I will still pay for it?Besides the service, food was terrible. $9 for 3 very salty and dry meatballs. And for the first time I saw a chop salad that didn't have lettuce. It didn't even tell you on the menu.2 words to describe this place: COMPLETE RIPOFF!
4	I think this place is moving to Planet Hollywood from what their website says. I was just at townsquare on 10/6/13 and the location was closed down. We went there for lunch over the summer and enjoyed this place quite a bit. The service was decent but the food was really good. The pizza slices are HUGE and taste really good . My Mom tried the meatballs and I got a taste and was pretty impressed by the quality considering the price. I like that you can get a variety of flavors.The big winner though was the pizza. For the price you get tons of homemade brick oven style thin crust pizza.I am bummed they are moving to the strip though because the likelihood I would make the trip is very low. Its good but it isn't THAT GOOD.
2	Well, my review is a bit late. This location has closed and surprisingly, moved. My visit was quite a few months ago, but it seems nothing had improved based on the slew of unsatisfactory reviews.My friends and I had an interesting experience. I thought it was a great night and a great dinner, but as it turns out, I must have enjoyed the company rather than the actual food and dining experience. While reflecting on the evening, I realized it didn't go well at all and I found out that my friends didn't care for the place either. It was dinner and we love getting a bunch of plates to share, so we tried three types of meatballs, a couple sides, and a salad. The special, Buffalo Chicken Meatballs, were really great. Probably the stand out dish for all of us. Which was sad because it wasn't a regular item! We tried their Classic and Pork meatballs as well, not bad. The Chopped Salad was delicious and refreshing; we all enjoyed this dish the most.The sides were disappointing. I had to send the broccoli back to the kitchen because it was still cold from being frozen and not properly thawed. Odd since the menu stated it was "Roasted" not microwaved. There were no markings of it being roasted. I got a new dish (who knows if it was actually new) and instead of it actually being roasted..they added sliced garlic and warmed it up more. Yeah, nice. This is just inexcusable. How can a restaurant not prepare a dish the way they sell it to you and think it's okay to serve something so outrageous? I know frozen broccoli when I see it! The risotto was horrible and the mac and cheese was okay.We did share a nice bottle of Rosenblum Cabernet. Overall, the meal was just okay. Unfortunately felt like things you could just whip up at home and mediocrely. Not what I was expecting from a restaurant that was so hyped with "celebrity" backing. Service was not very attentive or anywhere near decent that night either. We resorted to getting our own utensils and etc since no one seemed to want to assist us. It's such a shame because it seemed like a great concept, I mean, who doesn't like a good meatball (even Vegetarians and Vegans make faux meat or non-meat replicas)? The decor is cute and modern; a very hip and fun atmosphere. However, I don't appreciate establishments that think they can fool people and get away with it. It's dishonest, rude, and just bad business.
2	Written a while back:Last week, I went with a bunch of co-workers. I personally ordered beef meatballs with garlic parmesan sauce. The meatballs were delicious, and the sauce was okay. It was a good thing I ordered a side of spaghetti with spicy meat sauce; this sauce was much better. Maybe I wasn't in a cream sauce mood. One thing I noticed was that the serving size of spaghetti was very small in comparison to the price ($6.99 for a quarter of a bowl).They were out of garlic parmesan fries AND the Rainbow Cookie at the time! I made a huge mistake in ordering strawberry ice cream... DO NOT ORDER ICE CREAM IF YOU ARE EXPECTING NORMAL ICE CREAM! It was more sorbet-like and had a disgusting taste. I was craving something sweet, and I could barely get through one bite.The customer service was "eh." I don't think they personalized the service or smiled at all. We had a group of tables together, but they ended up seating a group of people at the end without addressing us about it. They served me strawberry sorbet instead of ice cream at first; I had to correct it (although maybe I should have stuck with the sorbet instead).All in all, it was a not-so-stellar experience. The only thing saving this spot is location and the meatballs.
