4	One of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte. They make fresh pasta, and the free bean dish with the bread they start you off with is so yummy and garlicy! It is a small cozy restaurant! I frequented this place at least once a month! They have delicious salads! They do a really good job at putting a lot of love into the food!!!
4	Excellent Italian, plus that bean salad is the best. It is quiet at lunch but a bit noisy at dinner.Updated 9/2012 Still serves excellent Italian food and prices at lunch seem very cheap for the quality they deliver. Give Fiamma a try also; these two Italian restaurants are as good as you can get in Charlotte.
2	I was unimpressed with this restaurant. I will agree the been dip they start you with is very delicious, but the olive oil tasted very drab (it was compensated with the bean and garlic mix). The Gnocchi we started with was very heavy and over cooked. The salmon and ratatouille entree would have been better without the salmon. The gelatto they served for dessert was sorbet, completely missed the consistency. The wine by the glass menu was very limited.
4	Amazing and authentic food!  The white beans served with the bread were a nice twist.  We had the panzanella salad, chicken wrapped in prosciutto and the salmon.  Very nice wine selection, even by the glass.  The waiter was fantastic and offered great recommendations.  Fantastic patio!!
5	I use the word adore alot.. so i will say J'adore Toscana! Seriously, some of the best lunches and dinners I have had in Charlotte have not been at Del Frisco, Ruth's Chris, Morton's (though I have enjoyed them also) but at this quaint little hard to find spot...I see someone said the service isn't good, this can be seen both ways, I love the staff there. They speak italian for the most part and struggle a little with communicating, but let me tell you, every time we came in, they knew i took sparkling water instead of flat and the little girl who never said a word to me EVER in all the time I had been going there never failed to automatically brine me my cappuccino at the end of my meal, as if she was reading my mind..  the menu is small, but the risotto and frittata change daily...  my fave is the Rigatoni Buttera and the Bow Tie Pasta dish...  the frittata when I am trying to be good about protein and the caprese is TDF!The hostess there actually recognized me when she was working over at M5 and was happy to see me there too :)It is a tiny dining room, but on sunny days you can sit in the courtyard.. the frito misto is yummy to start and share and the bean/oil dip for the bread that they provide is SO YUMMMY!As a foodie, I really adore this little gem.. it reminds me very much of Europe, even the staff being a little scattered now and then doesn't bother me because that is SO truly italian. in italy they just close the restaurant when they feel like going home or having their own lunch or dinner.. lol..  i guess it is all part of the experience to me.. and they really are nice people...  don't be put off by the language barrier, flash a nice smile, you will get one in return..
4	One of my favorite Italian restaurants in Charlotte. The service is impeccable and the waiters are knowledgable regarding the wine selections and specials. The white bean dip (served with fresh baked bread at the table) is incredible. I love their pasta specials and their desserts are super tasty.
5	Most places my family and I eat are casual spots close to our home.  Toscana is the exception.  This is strictly reserved for date night for my wife and I.  One of, if not, our favorite place in town.  This small place reminds us of some of our favorite California restaurants.  Do yourself a favor and order the Rigatoni Buttera.  Don't even ask what it is, just order it and be ready to enjoy.  We have ordered other things and they are all excellent, but nothing beats the "Buttera". Cool place tucked in behind shops near Southpark Mall.
4	I worked with a chef, calamari was his favorite cuss word, he would be dead serious and yelling in his Italian accent, "ohh calamari!""Oh, calamari!" was what I wanted to yell when I ate at Toscana, it is a true Italian restaurant, not a wanna be, down to the tall, dark, European waiters.  This restaurant is a hidden little gem in the Specialty Shops at the Park (gag, what a lame name for shops.)  I ordered linguini with shrimp, calamari, clams, mussels & cherry tomatoes.  Pretty tasty and for $13, not a bad deal for a pasta dish enough for two and loaded with seafood.My lunch partner in crime had rigatoni with sausage & peas in a tomato cream sauce. You can't go wrong with anything with heavy cream added!They have a small express lunch menu for $13, including soup or salad, lunch special and a tea/soda. Not a bad way to spend an afternoon.
5	When I want Italian and I'm near Southpark this is where I go all day long! One of the top Italian places in town. Hidden in the Specialty Shops of Southpark off Morrison near Bricktops, William Sonoma, etc. These are the same owners Coco Osteria and Luce. Used to own Il Posto near Phillips Place, but that place closed. Good news is that most of the staff ended up here including the host. Nice intimate setting with a great outdoor patio that is quiet. White bean dip is given at every table and is sooo tasty. I usually go with a fish (halibut or sole) or pasta dish...can't go wrong with mixing it up each time I go. They always have 2-3 specials that are hard to resist as well. Nice wine list filled with Italian options. I'd recommend Toscana for a relaxing date night...not stuffy or expensive with a great atmosphere.
4	Very good $13 lunch. Tasted fresh and not too heavy for a cream of asparagus soup with butters pasta with slightly creamy tomato and sausage sauce. Then we had the tiramisu and it was all over.
3	It was just ok, I got the gorgonzola pear organic salad and a pasta dish.  The pasta was a little more al dente than I like and the salad was a little light on dressing.  The caprese salad was also ok- I think caprese either has to have fabulous flavorful tomatoes or a decent amount of balsamic on it to compensate if the tomatoes are blah.  The tomato was not great.  My husband got the filet which he said was well cooked and he liked, but over all we were not wowed.    I would also like to see a few more things on the menu- maybe some manocotti and a few interesting dishes?
2	Went for restaurant week with a party of 12 and I can't remember a time when I have been so disapointed in a meal.Started with the beef carpacchio - the beef was room temp and they ran out of truffle oil?! No flavor at all.For the entree, I had the shrimp rosotto and my friend has the sole. Her fish was so salty, you couldn't eat it (and she loves salt!). My dish had butternut squash in it, but you couldn't taste anything. No shrimp, no squash. Nothing. Not to mention that they served it to me in a dish that was the size of a small salad plate (it took me 6 bites to eat the whole thing!). I'm not saying you have to give me 4 servings of something, but I am saying that if you provide a small portion it better knock me on my ass with flavor.The desert I chose the torta with chocolate, and it was ok. Left me wishing for a cookie.... a Snickers bar... SOMETHING good and of substanance. The whole meal was not only small in portions (my friend had 11 bites total, I took 13 over the 3 courses), but they were out of the 2 bottles of wine we asked for. Perhaps they cut corners because it was Restaurant Week, but shouldn't that be a reason to step your game up since so many new people will be trying you for the first time?One positive: they did bring out a candle in our friend's dessert - it was her birthday :)
5	Fantastic..........With four reservations on Valentines night Toscana won out.  Being the first time that my girlfriend and I have ever been, we were pleasantly surprised by the experience. In past years I have waded through the mess that valentines night generally presents to Charlotte restaurants, and although it was a "Corporate date night," the staff at Toscana did an amazing job to provide a fantastic experience.  We will be back.
3	Although the food was delicious, the service by our waiter magnicicent and a beautiful setting, the owner was smug, uninterested and disconnected.  We will go back because the food was quite good but the customer service quite poor.
3	I must admit I'm an italian restaurant snob. I ordered the buttera which was penne in a sauce that was between meat sauce and mariana. The peas were a nice touch but heavy on the cream. Small restaurant which I would classify as romantic. The staff was very friendly and loved the chef rob. Good for Charlotte but not true Italian. If your staying at the Marriott it is 20 yards away and an easy walk. Could work on the wine list.
1	We went last night (Wednesday) for our anniversary.  We were planning on Brio, but after reading reviews, thought why not try something different, it's close by.The atmosphere was nice.The presentation of all the food was nice.We had a cocktail while we were looking over the menu, and they were very tasty, and seemed to be stronger than most restaurants server, which we liked.The service was good.  They had maybe three or four other tables seated, and a lot of staff on hand.Now why a rating of 2?We were not impressed at all with the food.  The pasta my wife ordered was supposed to have rib-eye beef tips.  The two I saw looked like the tips of fat and gristle that you'd cut off a ribeye while you eat the rest.  The pasta was ok and had good flavor, but not too hard to mess up pasta.I had the sea bass.  I nice little four ounce portion, with bones through half of it.  I mentioned it to the waiter who explained that to find a bone is very rare and lucky.  Well, it was kind of annoying I thought to have to chew it up into baby food consistency, and then wait until my wife turned her head so I could get the bones out of my mouth and hide them, so as not to ruin the dinner.Don't know if I'm right or wrong, but knowing it's more on the expensive end, I don't mind paying 25 for a piece of fish or some pasta, but it had better blow me away, instead of wishing I'd gone somewhere else.The complimentary bean dip was ok.  I'm not an afficionado of it or anything, but I could take it or leave it.The creme brulee was good.
4	Toscano has been serving up wonderful and authentic Italian food for over 10 years and I love authentic Italian food!  I have enjoyed many great meals here at lunch time and at dinner time as well. Toscano is an excellent escape for lunch if you want to get away from the loud & obnoxious crowds. And, at dinner time, the ambivance is intimate and somewhat romantic.When the weather is not blazing hot & humid, they have a wonderful little patio tucked in the middle of the Specialty shops which I think should qualify as one the best patios in Charlotte. This place is nothing like the big chain restaurants.  It is not Americanized-Italian food served in ginormous, family-friendly portions.  If that is what you are looking for, skip Toscano and head over to Maggianos instead. It is not inexpensive at dinner but for me, it has always been well worth the splurge.  It is a small restaurant and I cannot imagine going here with a  group of more than 4 people. To me, it is at it's best when the restaurant is not too busy (i.e., not during restaurant week) and for smaller, more intimate dinners. Lunch entrees are typically in the $10 - $12 range with selections of various appetizers, salads, paninis, pastas (including some freshly made in-house), and chicken or fish with fresh vegetables.Dinner entrees range from $16 - $26 and offer a wide variety of pastas, meats, seafood, and chicken dishes. Of course, at dinner you'll want to start with one or more of the wonderful appetizers as well. They have a nice selection of wines by the glass or by the bottle - even if you are not an Italian wine afficienado, ask your server for suggestions for they have some really nice Italian wines.  I like to start with a glass of Prosecco before dinner and then switch to something that complements my meal.  After dinner check out the dessert  menu for the after-dinner drinks such as Moscato.
4	Very good Italian.  I've been eating with them since their first restaurant "Conti's" on Selwyn Ave.   you won't be disappointed
5	I have been to Italy twice and their food is spot on
3	My husband has been wanting to eat here for months ... his colleagues at work claim that this is "the best restaurant in Charlotte" and yet it's never quite made it to the top of our list. Finally, the stars aligned, we got a babysitter with a limited schedule and needed to eat close by and early ... so I grabbed a same-day Friday reservation on Open Table for Toscana. I was excited. I kind of got dressed up. I even wore heels. And then ... mehhh. I'm not sure that I will rush back. The hostess was nice, the ambience was pleasant, the white bean dip was incredibly delicious. But the actual meal ... not so amazing. We split the calamari and an arugula salad. The salad was delicious. The calamari had to be salted - it was light and crispy but no taste. My husband and I both ordered fish - I had salmon, he had a trout special. His trout was very good and well seasoned. My salmon was too thick and not well seasoned. Again with the salt shaker. Hoping to have better success with dessert we both ordered dessert. Silly, silly us. The desserts were decent but they were huge. Of all the times we decide not to split the dessert... of course. My husband ordered the tiramisu and I ordered the creme brulee. Both desserts were simply too heavy. Strangely enough, while we were there ... we see my husband's boss and he says, "This is the best restaurant in Charlotte." - in kind of a secretive, hush-hush tone. As I looked around the room, I noticed that we were just about the youngest people in the restaurant by 20 years. So... if you are over 50 and have lived in Charlotte for many, many years, this might be the place for you. I, however, prefer to explore the endless array of inventive eating options that Charlotte continues to serve up and save this place for the regulars.
5	This is an experience, not fast food.  I have never had a bad meal there and recommend it to all my friends.  The service is always exceptional.
4	Toscana is a small Italian restaurant tucked away behind Williams-Sonoma across the street from SouthPark Mall.  You'd never know it was there; there's virtually no signage.  Upon arrival, I was immediately impressed with the outdoor seating courtyard by the water fountain.  It immediately appeared to have a lot of atmosphere.  We entered the restaurant to check in and I was again impressed by the quaint atmosphere indoors.  The hostess was very accommodating and got us a great table outside by the water fountain.  We had read here on Yelp about the complimentary bread and bean dip, so we were surprised that we hadn't gotten any after ordering.  We finally received some (as did other tables) right before our meals came.  Perhaps there was a bread back-up?  The bread was delicious, but the bean dip wasn't actually a "dip."  It was more like whole white beans in oil with seasoning.  Still good, though, but a little messy on the bread.  The food was excellent, although a little pricier and smaller portioned than your Italian restaurant chains, but the pasta is all made fresh in-house.  It was the "just right" size so as to fill you up but not leave you overstuffed.  For hearty eaters, though, it probably won't be enough.  Sides are available for an additional charge.I liked that Toscana had a variety of pasta options; not just the traditional ones.  I tried the Carbonara.  It was very flavorful and creamy.  Our table by the water fountain was perfect for the beautiful evening we were there, and we had a great experience.  Would we come back, though?  Most likely not.  Not for anything that the restaurant did.  The clientele just felt too snooty and "plastic" for us.  Fortunately, the servers and hostess with which we came into contact weren't.
4	Toscana, how I love thee!  I have dined here a handful of times never to leave disappointed.  The inside is charming and romantic, and the cozy outdoor patio is even more so.  This is an EXCELLENT date spot, and has way more character than one might expect.I highly recommend the salumi and formaggi as an appetizer.  The tartufo is my most favorite cheese in the world.  Creamy and truffle-y.  It's perfect.  The calamari is crispy and delicious as well. Perfectly crunchy.  I sampled the Osso Bucco which was so tender and flavorful.  It had the consistency of a short rib.  I had the snapper special which was lemony and bursting with bright flavors.  I loved every bite!  Tiramisu, one of my favorite desserts, which seems easy to screw up, was outstanding.  Just the right amount of liqueur.  Split a bottle of wine with your date and enjoy a romantic evening out at Toscana!
4	Thankfully, a colleague recommended Toscana to me in the clutch and me and my guests had a great time. The service was very good, I managed to get the owner as my waiter and he was just a gem of a guy, sending over comped bruschetta and dessert (must have been my shining personality and mention of how many times i frequent sister restaurant Luce). The food itself was very comparable to what I've had at Luce, although I didnt see the braised octopus that they have at luce (but dont remember really looking). Food was very good, scene was very charlotte (boring) but all in all it was a good time. I would definitely return on a date or a business thing but probably wouldn't eat here alone or with buds.
5	First of all, for the love of God, let's PLEASE separate Italian / American restaurants from TRUE Tuscan restaurants...they are entirely different cuisines! I have been a HUGE fan of Augusto Conte's restaurants for many years, celebrating birthdays, special occasions etc. First, start by asking for the canneli bean dip with the wonderfully crusty Italian bread...it is on the house! Then, if you are a couple split the Portobello salad over greens with Tuscan Fries...unbelievable. Then comes the masterpiece entrees. Whether it is the fresh pastas like the Buttera, the fabulous Osso Bucco or my favorite, Mare. As a former Charllotte restauraurant owner, the Mare is the BEST dish in Charlotte for the price! Excellent fresh shell fish prepared with white wine over linguine...off the charts! This has been one of the top rated restaurants in Charlotte for years. I personally rate it #1. Celebrities abound at this Southpark hotspot, Panthers and Bobcats players and coaches, Rick Flair ( whooo!) Darius Rucker (Hootie and the Blowfish), future Governor Pat McCrory, Mayor Anthony Fox etc. This is the BEST gourmet meal you can have in Charlotte for the price!
5	My husband and I went here for dinner about two months ago, we made a reservation online. We went around 6pm so it was not crowded but as we were leaving around 7pm, they started to get a little crowded. They have outside seating and they are a nice, clean little place. The Bass is amazing and my husband enjoyed his pasta. The wine list is great. The desert was bigger than i thought it would be, i could barely finish, but it was awesome. I noticed that other reviewers mentioned that it gets loud when crowded and that the service is slow. I felt that the service was perfect. they let me know that the Bass would take awhile and the waitress gave me plenty of time to enjoy my food and wine. It is a small place but that is part of the charm. it probably does get noisy when they are crowded but the food is amazing and worth the money. The gave us the perfect date before he had to leave for 6 months for work, so we will be coming back to our new favorite Italian place again soon.
4	Excellent food, the scallops were delicious. Nice setting and good attentive service, overall a good experience
4	Went for date night with my wife last night.  Had to catch an early movie so we made 5:45 reservations at Toscana.  It was a perfect fall day yesterday so we were greeted promptly and decided to sit on their awesome patio.  This restaurant is tucked away by Williams - Sonoma across from Southpark and could easily, but shouldn't be missed.  It was early so there wasn't many people there but got steadily busier as the nigth progressed.The patio area was for the most part quiet except for the occasional passer by or some skuttle could be overheard from nearby Bricktops.  The fountain added to the ambience nicely.The service was prompt and attentive without being overbearing.  The specials were well explained and I ordered the Caprese (Tomato, Mozz, Basil) salad which was wonderful with ripe, flavorful tomatoes and fresh tasty mozzarella.  The balsamic was drizzled sparingly so we ordered an extra side.I chose the grouper as my entree which was nicely pan seared and served on top of potato stacks and accompanied by a nice lobster ragu.  It was well put together and the flavors meshed nicely on the pallette.  My wife had a simple penne pasta with shrimp and zucchini.  The pasta was cooked perfectly al dente.  The value of the meal was great and with us sharing a dessert of Tira Misu it cost us $88.00 which is what we expected.  I like Toscana, and have been there before.  Good, consistent flavorful regional Italian dining that should be celebrated in this world of "never ending pasta bowls" and "Family Style Italian"
4	Upon arrival, we were treated at the bar with a nice glass of Prosecco, and were seated quickly to a nice booth in the corner.  We enjoyed the Fritto Misto and Bruscetta, both amazing...along with the homemade bread and cannelini bean rub, to die for.  We all chose different dishes, and shared.  From the evening special, mushroom risotta, to the positano, the dishes were fresh, light, and gave my Mom a true Tuscan experience.  For dessert we enjoyed cappacinos with cannolini & meringes with homemade whipped cream, raspberries and strawberries.  The entire evening was a pleasure and the environment was enjoyable. I look forward to our next dining experience at Toscano!
5	I was blown away with this place, very cozy, staff very observant especially for restrarant week.  I went with some friends we all tried different items excellent choices fir everyone.  They start off with giving you this wonderful warm bread with a bean dip it was like a party in my mouth lol.
5	This place is my wife's favorite romantic restaurant. Last night they were as usual fantastic. They are pros and the food made me want to return today. They like what they do and it shows.
3	Mare! sums up my description of Toscana. Upon entering the restaurant the atmosphere is quaint ,cozy and charming. The bar boasts a wide selection of Italian wines and other libations if wine is not the drink of choice. There are several bowls of mixed olives to try while waiting for a table. I really love the bright green olives! Once seated for dinner and the food arrived the mare boasted a plethora of shrimp, mussels, clams, and scallops I almost forgot pasta was part of the dish. I walked out with leftovers and a well satisfied palate. It is one of those rare seafood pasta dishes that is actually worth the 26.00 dollar price tag. I really wish the service was as good as the food so I could bump the stars up to 4 but I could not justify giving a rating of 4 based on lack of attention. The wait staff needs a makeover.This is especially the case I have observed if you are a party of 2 and not a large group. Large groups seem to get more service and attention than smaller parties. I might add that bad service was observed not one, twice but three times I have visited Toscana. I really wish there were two separate rating scales on Yelp one for food and one for service.
5	Excellent fresh and tasty food. Loved their portobello salad.
5	live in Charlotte and don't frequently review restaurants unless I"m traveling, but after my Friday night dinner I had to. My boyfriend and I visited for restaurant week Friday night and the service was above and beyond. Renee our waitress took great care of us. She helped us decide on glasses of wine we would enjoy and made amazing recommendations for us. We could not decide what we wanted to eat so she surprised us. It was amazing. The risotto special, carpaccio appetizer and everything else was great. I do think it was the best tiramisu I've ever had. Really great food and espeically due to the service I will be back!
2	I recently read a study about how people are much more likely to enjoy a place and write a favorable review if there are already favorable reviews out there, and that's the only way I can account for the good reviews of this place. If I had an elderly aunt who was used to the Olive Garden and had more money than sense, this might be a good place to take her. The food was a step up from the OG (the salads not even that) but nowhere near the quality you'd find in a decent Italian restaurant in Italy, New York or London. The menu is unimaginative and its execution mediocre, and the waiter had the personality of a flounder--I would have called him surly had he actually spoken more than the bare minimum. The patio was pleasant, but hardly a magical place. I'm happy to pay high prices for great food, drinks, and service, but we left Toscana feeling as if we'd just been mugged. $10.50 for a house gin and tonic. Seriously?
3	I wanted to love this place, really love this place, but it just wouldn't let me. There was something off, not too bad, but just off. People were nice, food was as good as other Italian places (except Portofino's of course). The service was good, the line wasn't too long. Anyway,it's in a nice spot, around the corner from Williams and Sonoma. So a little shopping and a little dinner. Maybe more shopping than dinner.
4	Lunch for two at Toscana. We both had the Carbonara and shared a nice bottle of Primativo. Service was exceptional. The beans that come with the bread are very good. The Carbonara was good but I make it better. I like bacon in my Carbonara instead of ham. The waiter was nice enough to provide us with a bottle of the wine that was a special and it was very nice. Most wines carried the typical restaurant level prices (a little high).
4	I broke bread with my new employer at Toscana, it was like a being in New York with old school Italian Families. The space was small but awesome and the decor was unique. I started with a taste of red wine, it was ok, but ordered goose and tonic, I ordered the Kale Salad good, then followed with Mare: Lobster, shrimp, calamari, clams, mussels, scallops, imported linguini pasta, cherry tomatoes, peperoncino, garlic & white wine
5	Had a great evening again at Toscana - the food and the people/team are tops !  Stewart & Emma 2/1/14
5	They will speak Italian to you if you let them...I so miss Firenze!!I was surprised for an amazing birthday dinner at this fabulous establishment.  The inside is nice but not too stuffy.  We had reservations and were immediately seated.  We mentioned to the hostess as we were seated that we just returned from Italy and she asked if we spoke Italian...why yes, yes we do, a little bit anyways.  So when our server arrived to the table, he greeted us in Italian and continued to speak Italian to us the entire evening.  We ordered our meals "Italian style"  ordering a primo then secondo and always ending a fabulous meal with a cafe/espresso.  We had another event to attend, so we skipped the antipasta but will certain make our way back for more.The Chianti wine of the day was fantastic!  We had the pasta della giorno which was a wonderful cetellini noodle with the most tender beef brisket and pecorino to garnish.  Then we enjoyed the sea bass with spinach, fingerling potatoes and the most delicious salami slices.  Not too much of anything!  We then had the tiramisu (may be one of my favorites) and the vinsanto with cantucci (biscotti).  I thought the vinsanto was quite weak, almost a watered down flavor.  The biscotti was very good.  We ended with an espresso.I would recommend this restaurant for a nice intimate dinner but also for a small gathering of friends.  It would also be a great place to enjoy drinks and share several antipasta dishes.  Everything looked so wonderful and it's nice to know such a great place exists in Charlotte.Buon apetito!
2	We were very disappointed in this restaurant. To start, the waiter talked to us a total of 4 times. The first to take our order, second to bring our food,  third when we requested our check, and lastly to deliver our check (15 minutes after we asked for it). The food was expensive, they offer small portions, and the taste is lacking. I had a pasta dish that was so salty, I could not even taste the noodles. My husband had the Veal Marsala. It tasted more like burnt brown sauce than Marsala.  To top it off the portions were very small. When the bill came and it was $60 we were very shocked. I have no problem spending money on great food, but to spend $60 and to still be hungry is a shame. I wanted to give one star, but I felt bad, so two it is.  Save yourself time and money. Skip this place-
5	Had date night here Friday night during the Wells Fargo golf tournament. The food was too amazing to even describe, the wine was perfect, and to top it all off we were seated at the table right in front of Jim Nantz & family, including his newborn baby. It couldn't have been a more relaxing atmosphere. Usually a crying baby is distracting, but when it's Jim Nantz' baby it might as well be soothing mood music or peaceful spoken word coming from that baby's precious little yapper. Gorging at Toscana will now become a tradition unlike any other, my friends...
3	Menu was impressive however the food was standard- I order bruschetta and antipasto tray. The service was a bit snotty and hard to get their Attention for service.
4	Great dinner but customers beware that even when you specifically ask for decaffeinated coffee this restaurant will substitute regular coffee without informing you.  This may not seem like a big deal but it was given to an individual with a heart condition who as a result had an episode of irregular heartbeat that needed medication.  Its sad to believe that in today's day and age restaurants will lie to customers and create health issues for them just to sell a cup of coffee.  It was a sad ending to an otherwise great dinner.
4	Good ambience, food and service. Vegetarian menu was good but limited though. I will return...
1	ICK! STAY AWAY!!Went with our dinner group and we were ALL fairly disappointed. First off, we had a party of 10 outside, but they failed to tell us they can't truly seat large parties outside because they only have small round tables. So a few of us were forced to sit between tables, and eat our food off of two different place settings. It was strange.Then...the service was...adequate. Our hostess was terribly rude and confused. Literally looked us up and down, looked at our reservation, and pointed as she commanded: "Go sit at the bar." No explanation. Just go. Sat down, ordered a ($12 short G&T) drink and watched her seat other members in our party as soon as they walked in. (The table had been set since before we got there). When we went back to the hostess stand, she looked at us and said "they're outside" and nothing else, so we just sat ourselves. And our server? One really can't complain. He kept our waters full. He marked the tables well. He presented us with specials well...but he just seemed,...terribly annoyed. For a ten top of perfection (drinks, apps, salads, entrees AND desserts) we should have at least gotten a smile. And without asking, he brought us one check, and then was quite visibly annoyed when we asked to separate it. Look, I know separating checks is a true pain in the, uh, neck - but sometimes, no MOST of the time, large parties are going to do that. If you have an issue with this - do not seat large parties.Aaaaand the food? Yelp reviewers really threw me off on this one. I want the food that the other four/five star folks had, because I'm sincerely confused. Maybe Monday night is the 2nd string kitchen staff because...ugh...So very very ICK. Watered down Carbonara that was dripping (which it NEVER should). Squishy mealy"fresh" mozzerella w/bland tomatoes. (It's summer in the south people! Tomatoes you can get right!!) Rubbery lobster that you literally could not CUT - let alone chew. And I had a pork ravioli special that had chewy (not al dente - just chewy) pasta filled with something that had the consistency of (I'm sorry, but it's true) cat food and though I've never really dared to dine on that feline canned delicacy, I would imagine it would taste pretty darned close to what I ate at Toscana's.(Oh...and it is NOT the best tiramasu in town as our server boasted. By FAR!!)I'm used to eating bad food, but for those prices??? For frozen crap?!?!? And utter rudeness??? Ah Southpark - you striketh again. Make sure you're super snobby and it won't matter what you put on the plates. It's my SUPER pet peeve. I'll pay almost anything for good food. But hundreds of dollars for food we can't finish and you couldn't pay us to take home - and outright snobbery (for whatevr reason)...really gets my goat! Unless someone tells me that they've VASTLY improved, we will NOT be going back. And I wouldn't suggest anyone else go either!!
4	My boyfriend at the time brought me here on one of our first dates. I think that's when I fell in love with him and a number 1 Italian restaurant in Charlotte. When we walked in I felt like I was in Italy. The place had a warm cozy ambiance and the setting was perfect for a couple of lovebirds who just wanted to sip on some wine and eat carb rich pasta (that's my idea of heaven). The waitress, can't remember her name was instantly drawn towards the affection we had to each other and fed us accordingly. We started with a lovely bruschetta, and one of my best dishes Caprese- which I normally make fresh at home. For the entree we had a delicious Buttera whilst he had Polo Medici. I don't remember the name of the dessert but that was the best chocolate lava cake I've ever had. I would highly recommend Toscana for lovers who want a romantic homey meal and good wine.
2	Made reservation a day in advance; they didn't have our table, only option was to sit outside.  Are you kidding me?  Anyway, took the table;  service was extremely slow.  Took them a while for the server to come take the order.  Bread was served after repeated requests; sides were served COLD, when asked, they were served reheated not fresh.  PRICEY by any standard, it's not New York.. Their lucky day, my wife and daughter loved their food and Tiramisu - 2 stars.  Yay!!!!
5	The service was excellent. My salmon was cooked to perfection.This is a great place to get Northern Italian food.
4	Place is tight and loud and a little outdated and the food is expensive.  Service was good while not overbearing.But the food is probably the best we have had in Charlotte.  Will definitely go back.
5	Excellent, fresh food and wonderful service.
