4	This place is SOOOO friendly!The bouncers opened the door for me. The bartender introduced herself to me then actually extended her hand to me to shake it. The manager came over TWICE to make sure everything was ok...and it was!
4	I am usually not a fan of restaurants with gift shops inside of them, but I must admit I am a fan of Saddle Ranch. This is perhaps one of the best people watching locations on the west side simply for the fact that they have a mechanical bull. For some reason this device attracts women with skimpy shirts and fake boobs like bees to honey. While sipping on my ginormous long island ice tea, I could not help but utterly enjoy watching people get tossed from the bull, in many instances it was pure comedy. I have yet to eat here but my parents have on two occasions and have had wonderful experiences. The first time they went there they had to wait for a table and the manager walked them over to the bar and bought them a drink. The manager obviously understood that a free bloody mary was the way to my mother's heart and a sure fire way to win repeat business.
4	I just had to review SR in Glendale.Unlike the Sunset Strip location the people here are warm, inviting and overly friendly. The happy hour rocks and the food won't leave you hungry by any means!
4	Last Cards regular season game, kids in attendance w/ the parents, and we decided it would be a good time to try the SR Chop House.We left a little earlier than usual from our Chandler home.  Got to the Chop House by 10:30ish.  On game days, they have an abbreviated menu with breakfast items, sandwiches, salads, burgers, and 2 steaks.  The non-breakfast items they do not start serving until 11, so we enjoyed our beverages.I got the Ranch Club, hold the mayo and it was GOOD.  Sourdough bread was lightly toasted, the ham, bacon very tasty.  I upgraded to the sweet potato fries...holy cow are they generous with the fries.The son and husband got huge burgers and enjoyed them.  The daughter got the club wrap and enjoyed it as well.  We were in a smaller room and able to see several games on the TVs.  I will definitely re-visit this place over the Yardhouse.  Our server was friendly.  There was a slight wait for our order, but not too bad.  Either way it scored us a free dessert surprise from mgmt.  I LOVE proactive mgmt.  Maybe the owners/mgrs of SR Chop House can buy out the horrible ownership/mgmt of Bitzee Mama's.  See my review of that restaurant for my dining in hell story of 2008.  Bitzee's doesn't hesitate to make you wait...and for crappy food no less.After a full season, my choices for dining pre-game:Chop HouseNative New Yorker (if hankering for wings, yum)YardhouseCracker BarrelJohnny RocketsMcDonaldsWaffle HouseQuik TripBitzee Mama's if someone puts a gun to my child's head or gives me $10K
4	This is a pretty fun place later at night.  It's really busy inside and everyone seems to be having a great time.  I think they have a pretty nice setup in terms of bar placement and actual tables/booths to sit at.  Most of them are positioned so you can see whatever crazy person decides to try their hand at the mechanical bull.  I hear they have smores here and I am totally going to try them one of these days.
2	Went here for dinner with my boss and another co-worker.  The place looks cool from the outside and the host at the front was very friendly and helpful.  Other than the guy playing the guitar tableside, the positives stopped here.  Our server was the coolest guy in the room, just ask him, he'll tell you all about it.  The food was all terrible.  It was all cold, even the mini cheeseburgers that were brought out because "the owner wanted to buy us an appetizer."  This is a cheesy line they use to make you feel like you're getting something for all of those incredibly overpriced drinks you're buying.  My boss said he was pretty sure that his prime rib was reheated from the day before, and my Salmon had an awful odor/flavor.  The cool atmosphere, friendly hosts, and guitar guy who naile "Ring of Fire," when we requested it make it worth stopping in at happy hour to buy a reasonably priced drink, but otherwise not worth it at all.
2	I don't know if it is always this way (one WOULD have to assume it is) but I swear to god they were doing a casting call for the VH1 show "Tool Academy" the night I went here. After waiting in line for twenty minutes and going through a Fort Knox age verification process I walk into the bar and see a gigantic circle five guys deep around a mechanical bull. I threw up in my mouth. A lot. If you are a guy looking to watch sleazy, low confidence drunk chicks hump a bull or if you are a sleazy, low confidence drunk chick, this is the place for you!
3	The server's they hire here are space cadets. The first time I ate at Saddle Ranch for brunch I ordered a bloody mary and  the waitress said " I'm like soo sorry we totally ran out of bloody mary mix" so I ordered a mimosa. I finish my mimosa and a few minutes later I see someone drinking a bloody mary! I asked the waitress about it and she says "Oh ya we have it now" I was speechless that she didn't mention it to me I think a good server would have mentioned that if I asked for it in the first place.  Everytime I come to Saddle Ranch the waitresses fail to pay attention to detail like refilling your drinks, making sure you have utensils, and if you ask for something you'll probably end up getting it when they deliver your bill. I am a sucker for cheap brunch so I will continue eating here on Sundays for the yummy mimosas and biscuits with apple butter mmmmm.
2	I was moderately entertained watching all the drunk douchebags try to ride the bull during the Sunday night contest.  I was really hoping one of them would spew chunks, preferably on a spectator, but my wish wasn't granted.  I give them 2 stars because I discovered the aforementioned douchebags, who were wearing bandannas and sleeveless shirts (ugh), actually worked there.  My server, however, was cute.  So not a total disaster.
4	Since saddle ranch opened I didn't feel I could compose an adequate opinion after only seeing ENORMOUS mixed drinks and women gyrating on a mechanical bull.  I felt I needed to at least try the food to form an opinion.  If you've never been one of the first things you'll notice is that every waitress is dressed like a slutty cowgirl. (personally I don't disapprove) but might not be the place to take grandma, unless she's into that.  Other than that our waitress was actually very attentive.Ok the food...I found myself conflicted between the Ranch BBQ Burger and the Original N.Y.O. lucky for me I didn't have to make that choice and my awesome wife agreed to order the Ranch BBQ Burger and let me taste it.  After a short while our food came and all dishes were served on what I can only describe as a slab this thing was like 2 ft wide.  My Omelette was huge filled with black forest ham, three peper bacon which was really tasty and tequilla chicken sausage, not to mention a huge helping of hashbrowns.  Keep in mind this is one of the more modest sized dishes.I also tasted my wife's burger and from the little bite I had I would definitely order it.  The waitress asked us if we would like dessert and we politely declined, despite this they decided to give our party a half baked cookie and ice cream dessert on the house.  Even though we were all really full, the cookie dessert was amazing.Theres something about saddle ranch that like that  I can't describe, It's tasteless, tacky and everything that usually turns me off.  But whatever it is it has a certain charm to me and day or night I place I would come back to.Maybe because it's not located in Scottsdale proper.
2	Following my brother's suggestion [he's been here before], about five of us headed out to Saddle Ranch on a Saturday Night.  While going through their ridiculous I.D. checking [twice], we finally got our flashing-beeper-thingy.  We waited for about 45 minutes so it wasn't too bad -- after all, it -is- a bar at Westgate.So our table finally opens up and we all sit down.  We had such a friendly and funny waiter.  I had ordered a Mojito but apparently they didn't have mint leaves.  Damn.  So I had a Texas Tea and two others ordered their fruity drinks [those guys  -_-;;].  Our drinks had arrived in carafes!  After viewing our huuuge drinks [about $12 a pop] and the crazies on the mechanical bull, we all decided to leave after the booze.Maybe it's not my kind of scene but  I definitely didn't like it there.  So the highlight of that Saturday night:  Denny's.  Hah!
2	A theme type restaurant. Definitely a go to place for fun and late night jaunts. They do line dancing,ride the bull,etc...It's a bit disconcerting when you first go in-a huge room,with booths along the wall,and seating in the middle,with a full third of the space taken up by the bull.There is a bar,and behind the bar, a few more booths. We preferred sitting there,actually. A bit more quiet and private. As far as the food goes,I think it's more hype than substance. I was actually really disappointed in it. After seeing it on tv in Los Angeles on numerous dating shows,I was anxious to see what it was about.  We went for dinner and had steak-nice selection of food on the menu,and a good selection of sides,but the steaks were just ok.  We also tried it for breakfast on the weekend-we need more breakfast places around here so I was really happy they were open weekend mornings--what can I say-a little disappointing.. The hash browns were actually inedible they were so dry!!! I am not too anxious to try it again!
3	First time here was for my birthday last year. Even though place was packed we were able to get a table outside after a short wait. I had never been here before but boyfriend had been a few times with his boss so he was giving suggestions as to what was good. We decided to get the sampler platter from the starters menu since it has a little of everything on it. Good choice. And the drinks, like Matt H mentioned in his review, enormous. Even though place was busy, busy, and busy, our server was great. She definitely made us feel as if we were her only table. Went again this weekend, not knowing there was a hockey game and had fun time trying to find parking that wasn't out in the back 40. At least we got there BEFORE the game was over. Good thing. Once game let out, place was packed to the gills. Again we sat outside by one of the many patio heaters. Just enough heat to keep the chill off. This time we ordered sandwiches, boyfriend got the club with loaded baked potato and I got the buffalo chicken sandwich with fries. Club sandwich was loaded up pretty good. My gosh, I don't know where they get their chicken for their sandwiches, but my buffalo chicken sandwich was HUGE. It was breaded, cooked and had a good amount of buffalo sauce then sprinkled with Gorgonzola cheese and very moist and flavorful. We both ate maybe half and brought the rest home.  Lunch for the next day.Now, on to dessert.  Yeah, right.  Haven't had room for it so maybe next time we go we'll just do that.  If their portion size for regular food items is any indication, then the desserts are huge too.  Have seen a couple of desserts they have.  One is a huge silver martini glass with a tower, and I mean tower of cotton candy.  The other, fixins for s'mores.  There are a few fire pits outside that you can roast the marshmallows over. Will say if the nightlife thing isn't for you, then try this place during the day or early evening.  Can be a family place during those times, but night, not so much.
4	Went to Saddle Ranch to watch the UFC and celebrate a coworkers birthday.  As always I had a great time the fight was free to get into and watch and the food was great.  For starters you get cornbread muffins with this amazing cinnamon butter.  Then I had the baseball sirloin with garlic whipped mashed potatoes and green beans.  The steak was done medium rare and was very tasteful with just enough juice left in it.  The service was very good and we had a great night.  For all your UFC watching needs this is the place to be.  Lots of TV's and they put the whole speaker system on the fight.
4	We made it to Saddle Ranch a couple of times.  The first time was for dinner on my birthday.  The food and service was very good.  The second time was a few months ago when we had gone to McFaddens for drinks.  My wife apparently had a few too many 7 and 7's and decided(without my input) that she was going to "ride the bull" at the Saddle Ranch.  So, We made our way into the bar area and she paid the $3 fee and signed the release papers.  She was then taken to the bull and seated on top, awaiting the beginning of the ride.  I asked the operator to "take it easy on her".  He did not listen or did not care.  The bull started to move and made less than one rotation and she fell off, landing on her back, facing straight up looking at the bull.  I am not sure she knew what happened or how quickly it happened.  Needless to say her mechanical bull riding days are over.  Hopefully anyways!  This place is worth a visit.  You will have a good time.
2	I was pretty faded by the time we made it over here. But I'll try to review what I remember. Me, & 2 of my friends were here on a Tue around midnight. Not too crowded but still a decent turn out.We walked in & 1 of the cute male bartenders was doing tricks with a couple vodka bottles. He was even breathing fire.I didn't ride the bull. I didn't feel like upchucking that night. But it was kind of fun to watch others & cheer on strangers.There's karaoke. I know this because my friend actually managed to get me to sing a song. I must have been really fing drunk.Ok, so why 2 stars? Because 1 of the bartenders took our vodka tonics away before we were even 1/2 way done with them. So what that we're drunk. So what that we turn around & watch people on the bull. So what that we don't hover over our drinks. Until that damn glass is empty don't touch my drink bitches.
5	mechanical bull + random really drunk people = a whole lotta fun
2	Staff was friendly but place is overpriced.  Servings are  large but not good.  The platters look better than they taste. Would not eat there again  after trying it now a few times.  Maybe for a beer before going to the arena but that is about it.
3	We stopped at the Saddle ranch on our way to the Paul McCartney concert, and while the lines were insane everywhere, it didn't take long to get a table. I recommend hitting the outside bars while you wait, the drinks had a lot less ice, if you know what I'm saying....  The outdoor seating was a better choice too, once the sun went down behind a billboard that is!  I imagine it's a bit hot when the summer comes, but it was so much nice than the indoor mechanical bull scene... for dinner.(I imagine the indoor bull/bar scene is a happening place to be on a Friday or Saturday night out!  Grab the girlfriends and dress in your best cowgirl gear!  Yeehaw!)Now the food...Had the artichoke dip, wedge salad-YUM! but definitely share it unless you're only eating an ENTIRE head of lettuce for dinner,  and a filet.  While they didn't bring the steak out rare, as requested, it was very tasty.  Much tastier than I thought I'd be getting from the looks of the place. (We did wait awhile for food, but totally expected to considering the entire city area was packed for the concert.)But the best reason of all to drink, eat, and ride a bull (or a cowboy-as some of the shirts recommend) is that when it comes time to tinkle, as us ladies must do.... there are rows of stalls in the ladies room!!!  Ah, finally a place that understands the biggest need of women in bars!!*I'm putting moderate, but it can easily be spendy if you're drinking.
4	We went to the Saddle Ranch Chop House for my sister's 21st birthday.  It was a Monday night so it wasn't busy.  They gave us an arm band to get a discount on food the following day, which was cool.  The nachos we ordered were HUGE(!) and yummy.  Because it was my sister's birthday, they gave her free cotton candy.  Cotton Candy?!  I thought the same thing.  It was pretty awesome though.  This place has a nice patio with a bar outside for smokers.  They have a mechanical bull and that was fun to watch.  Love the ambiance here.  Nice place all around.
4	$1.99 mimosas...that's right. $1.99 mimosas and Bloody Marys.  What a way to finish the morning after the Run for Literacy.  We headed over, and while it wasn't 11 am yet, they said we could order off of the breakfast or lunch menu.The mimosas and marys were good - my brother didn't think the "Death Valley" was hot enough, but he's pretty weird.  I got a sweet & sour mimosa, champagne, cranberry juice and champagne, and it was wonderful.Then came the food.  Our group split about even between breakfast and lunch, and the portions were huge.  While nothing on the plate made me weep for joy, everything was a nice and tasty.  My sliders were probably the smallest portion, which was good, I could barely finish what I got.  Several people in our group needed boxes to take their leftovers.Service was a wee bit slow at times, but I am betting the management wasn't paying attention to the events, and didn't think they'd get a post 5k rush - listen up management, when Mandi wants a mimosa, she wants it NOW!If they weren't so far away from me, I'd head back tonight to try out the steak, but that will have to wait for the next time I'm on the West side.
4	I've been here a few times, whether just for drinks with friends before a coyotes game or for dinner with a mixed crowd of children and adults and each time the service has been great. I honestly didn't expect much, but I  am glad to say the Saddle ranch far exceeded my expectations!There's always a vastly mixed crowd. Men in suits and ties, women penis necklaces celebrating a bachelorette party, families, older, younger, frat boys and sorority chicks and every one seems to have a great time.While the food is really good, I will say its nothing earth shattering. It's all tasty and the portions are big. You can't really go wrong. Tryi the smores for dessert!
3	Other than the football stadium Saddle Ranch is about the only good thing I can find in this area. The other bars are a bit ghetto for me, but a Saddle Ranch is a Saddle Ranch. I usually end up at the Scottsdale location at some point in the evening when going out in Old Town. I have pregame and brunched it up at the one a few times. Awesome drink specials in the AM, $1.99 mimosas and bloody mary's, Yes please! Thank you! The lay out of this one I think is a bit cooler than the others. There is a fun up-stars part with a few table, larger area for the bull riding but I think the patio is a little smaller. Saddle Ranch is always a good time! make sure to get a friend to ride the bull. Convinced my friend Bryan to ride is backwards on a dare once, almost peed my pants I was laughing so hard. Awesome!
3	Went on a Coyotes game night, so they had a limited menu.Food was fine. It was better than the service. Our waiter was okay, but definately not a reason to come back.My husband and I ordered black and tans for drinks - his cup wasn't full (they don't have glassware, it's all plastic) and my black and tan came out a muttled brown.My filet mingon was very tasty. My husband was not impressed with the cowboy burger - which says 3 pieces of bacon, but my husband's had only 2.The bonus was that our waiter gave us a free kamikaze each, tasty, though even their shot glasses are plastic.If I'm in Westgate again, I'll probably try a new place first before I head back again.
4	Let me start out by saying me giving this place 4-stars means it's good....because it's at Westgate and I'm not a huge fan of that scene.First off, I do think they have a few too many hostesses (never seen a man host), which is fine by me but it's almost a congregation at the entrance.  It's a big bar/restaurant so even on busy days you can usually get a table or a seat at one of the bars.There's two bars outside which are easily accessible, a lot of tables on the patio that wraps around the front and side of the restaurant, and a couple fire pits that are burning the midnight oil (till 4am on weekends, I do believe).  The food is great.  Get the wings, ribs, or BBQ burger and you won't be disappointed.  Eat at the bar because this place, hands down, has the best looking bartenders at Westgate.  At least the times that I've been here, they have been S-M-O-K-I-N-G HOT!There's also a bull, which makes this place even better.  For $3 you can sign your life away, the can avoid a lawsuit if you get bucked into the pond, and you can try hold on while they throw you around.  It's fun to watch because you can see a 300 pound man fall off in 4-seconds but a 90-pound woman hold on for a minute....they know what they're doing.I'd recommend trying it out on the weekdays for lunch if you're going for food, night time if you're going to try and "work your game" or Saturday nights if you're into the whole "TAP OUT and AFFLICTION" scene....which I am definately NOT A FAN OF.  Saturdays can get real annoying if you're not trying to be somebody and don't eat creatine and protein powder for your pre-dinner appetizer.  But, that's not just Saddle Ranch, that's all of Westgate on the weekends so don't hold it against them.  I'd definately check it out if you're in the area.
4	It's dirty... it's loud... it's noisy... the drinks are massive... it has a mechanical bull where people can make complete fools of themselves after drinking too much... and it's jam packed with people.I love it. :-DI don't often go out to bars like these these days... I've kinda grown out of it, but every now and then I get an urge to just get out there and have a total sensory overload and now that I've been here... this is where I'll go next time. :)
3	Pros:Loud CrowdGood FoodSemi-Decent drink pricesBullHot StaffCons:Not my type of wanna-be rockstar crowd.
3	Place was OK, the girls and service were great! We were there during the day when its very slow. We all shared a appetizer plate, witch was huge. The mini burgers weren't that good, but the ribs were awesome! And never had the sweet potato fries with marshmallow dip? Wow what a surprise!!! Overall its OK, I probably will not try this place when they are busy. It'll be just like their Universal City location with a bunch of fake A$$ cowboys and cowgirls!
4	Got food to go to eat at a nearby bar.  The food was ready super fast and tasted good.  Should have just ate there... looked like a fun place.
3	Well, what can you say about these giant places in the entertainment areas connected to stadiums and such?  Saddle Ranch had some really nice staff, and the drinks were totally reasonable considering the real estate they have here right next to the stadium.  Our group had a blast here before the BCS National Championship game (War Eagle!) and after as well.  Didn't eat anything and if you are looking for microbrews you won't find many but there's a ton of space here and the bathroom lines weren't bad considering it was totally packed all day and night!
3	This is Westgate, so ample security is to be expected. But when I approached the entrance on a happenin' Saturday night, this was taken to new heights. The guy was nice enough when scrutinizing my ID, but then he said "Hey...look up and to your right". It was pretty confusing, until I spied a little camera that took my mugshot before I could ask what the point was."We have to photograph anyone who's under 25", he said. Not his fault, and he wasn't being a douche, but this is some 1984 shit that made me feel unwelcome.OK, done ranting, this bar is tons of fun once you make it inside. Huge tables to chill out and get sloshed with large groups. Drinks are the usual Westgate price, but unlike a couple of other bars, they are made RIGHT. I guess they didn't just hire their bartenders for their boob jobs and bleached hair. My 'chocolate cake' shot was the most delicious $8 I've ever spent.The crowd is nice, and who could forget the mechanical bull? It's the main attraction of this bar; you can come watch all the sluts from Scottsdale show how they ride. Win.The most innovative part of this bar is what happens after last call. The blaring music stops, and the kitchen reopens, reverting back to a restaurant until 3:30. I'm wary of all Westgate food, but I have to admit it's a pretty badass idea.3.5 stars rounded down for that mugshot. I'll become a true fan if their food turns out tasty.
3	Right outside the Westgate area where the Coyotes and the Cardinals play.  I would definitely recommend going to the place to pound some beers before the games.  Really nothing to write home about on the food.  You can't really go wrong but you are not going to be wowed either.  It is similar to many places I see right outside sporting venues and it accomplishes the task.
3	It's a bar.  You walk in, mechanical bull, TONS of guys, loud, huge beers, and GREAT lettuce wraps (They really did have great food)!!  I don't really have much to compare it to because this was my first place to visit in while in Arizona, but it was a fun place to start the night off at and have a few beers.
4	Gotta love it! Good service, good fun , big food!Cant go wrong!
3	FINALLY!.... ive returned back to Saddle Ranch after a year. And since I popped my Yelp cherry (can I say that on here?) on the Messagewerx review. Figured I might as well make this my 2nd. Ive always liked the decor in Saddle Ranch it fits in with the whole wild west of AZ. and its very open and spacious. We was greeted and seated as soon as we walked in, u never really have to wait for that there. I recommend the sweet tea lemonade alcoholic drink. Our waiter Bryan recommended it to me and my girl and it hit the spot. My girl sucked down the first one and quickly ordered another. She ordered the Cobb salad which is huge and I got the Cali Chicken Wrap with Sweet Potato fries. Both were pretty good.  The prices were a bit steep for some of the things. For instance those drinks were about $14 a pop I believe but I think we were there during Happy Hour. The food wasn't anything that knocks you off your feet, but its not bad by any means. If u hit up Westgate its probably the best place to go cause they always bring a good crowd in the evening hours. Ill probably be back there before another year has passed. I didn't ride the mechanical bull this time. That's reason enough to go back. And make sure u get Bryan with a "y" as your waiter. He was fast, came by at just the right times to ask how everything was, had good drink recommendations, and had just a overall good attitude.
4	I came by for dinner actually the other day and I have to say that the food was really good.  I had the baby back ribs and they fell right off the bone and BBQ was very sweet and flavorful.  I also got the sweet potato casserole which is practically desert, very sweet.  My friend ordered the ribeye which looked good for the whole 5 minutes before it was digesting in my friends gut.  His wife had the chili and it came in a gigantic kettle looking bowl and she loved it.  The manager Jason came by our table and checked on us and was kind enough to send us a complimentary cotton candy desert that comes in the gigantic martini glass.  I should have taken a picture but I'm sure one will pop up soon.  I've been here many times in the past for late night drinking and love the atmosphere, the bull riding, and of course it is a good size crowd for the west valley.  I will go back now just for food, especially now that I know they serve breakfast!  Wow, does this place ever close?
3	This place was super big and COMPLETELY dead.  Mind you, I know it was on a Sunday night and I shouldn't have expected too much, but, by golly, I guess I expected a little more energy.  Then again, it is in Glendale, AZ, and not San Diego, CA, so I imagine other states don't party like we do in the great SoCal.We were seated promptly and received menus, but then...what happened?  Did someone forget about us??  Was no one notified of our arrival?  Needless to say, we weren't approached for awhile for our drink or food orders.  Luckily, someone, a manager, perhaps, noticed and ended up comping our first round of drinks which really showed great service!My bestie ordered a bbq burger of sorts and I got the wedge salad.  They were both, well, um, just okay.  I know I shouldn't expect much for a bar that happens to serve food, but even in my inebriated state, I could tell the quality was lacking.Our Friarhood friends met up with us, but apparently, we were too tired to hang and ended up stumbling back to our hotel room.  I think that maybe next year, we could try it again on a weekend night (Friday or Saturday) and probably have a great time, but until then, 3 stars it stands.
2	I've eaten here before. We had good food and service. This time however was a complete abomination due to the lack of competence at the hostess desk. Be prepared to not hear your name called and realize they called it a long time ago. The rudeness when we asked where we were in the list was unacceptable. People put your hearing aids in before you enter so you don't miss your name being called.
4	I've been here a few times...LOVE the Happy Hour! Chilie is really good and enough to share...don't bother with the steak!!!
5	My wife and I stayed in Glendale last week. We tried Saddle Ranch for lunch. Beware, the portions are big and the taste is awesome! Our server was fantastic, love the atmosphere!
1	I love Saddle Ranch for its casual night time festivities (including watching people ride the mechanical bull hehehe), but I cannot ignore the fact that the food was disgusting!When I think of my meal this past Friday night, I think of two words: dry and cold. The spinach artichoke dip was just okay - a bit on the dry side and not very cheesy. The onion rings were just okay was well as the batter reminded me of the chicken nuggets at McDonald's, maybe even worse. The BBQ burger (turkey patty) was dry and tasteless as was the bacon. Really? It must take true talent to cook bacon tasteless. There are a few things that the menu has going for itself - a few very unique and fun desserts and drinks that I have yet to see elsewhere. I am fond of the giant pile of cotton candy and, though I'm not much of a beer drinker, the beer tower looks pretty badass.For me, I came and will continue to come for the fun atmosphere, but I will definitely be staying away from the grub. Adios, cowboy.
2	As far as the night life it's a cowboy themed bar that plays techno house music, that nobody dances to, I don't get it.  Pretty much every one crowds around the token electric bull with drunk after drunk girl getting on (Whhhoooaa!! drunk girl scream), the place has no flow, no energy to it.  The attractive women are few and far between. The door girl and one of the bartenders were good looking girls but the bartender wasn't very friendly, slow, and seemed uninterested in tending that night.  I stood there like 10 minutes trying to order a drink (excuses can I get?... huh no, ok lemme try again, one of those type of deals)  I order my drink and she makes this huge ass like 44oz Bladder buster drink, and its $11 or 12 bucks good deal but she didn't mention the price or how huge it was. I wouldn't have ordered it if I knew, but I didn't want to refuse it and have it tossed out.  I didn't even get close finishing the drink so not a good deal that night.  This really isn't my type of place. I might have been a bit fun if once I got hammered and they had some square dancing going or something that would have been kind of funny.  Also there is this punching speed bag thing that obnoxious RockStar  energy drink t-shirt types like to punch, pretty annoying.  I personally give this place 1 star, but I don't want to be biased so I will give it 2 stars for other people, still not recommended.  If you're a little bit country, and a little bit uhh... techno?
3	Nice decor & atmosphere. Plenty of tv's with sports. Food was good & so was the service. Cool mechanical bull. They have wi-fi. The cotton candy is a cool item.
4	Good food, good service, a little overpriced. Would eat here again. The bull riding is entertaining. Free WiFi. Lots of hot waitresses to look at.
5	We went to Westgate for Yardhouse, but it was so packed.  And the wait for 2 people were 40 mins.  My teenage god-daughter was straving so we opted out to find somewhere else that served chicken tenders (her favie).  We reviewed the menu outside and ok, what the hey.  It is 3/4 full inside.  We were seated behind the bar.  We sat and ordered:  chicken strips with a side of french fries & french dip.  The chicken strips were plenty and they were good.  A light coat of crispy and chicken.  The french dip was GOOD, tasty beef slices, and au jus was perfect (normally I think most places makes it salty).  Our server was awesome, she checked on us many times and made sure our drinks were filled.  At the end of the meal, she brings the check and a cotton candy (HUGE and on the house from the owners).  It was very nice.  My teenager inhaled it.  LOL!
1	.... this place SUCKS.Customer Service is the worst I've ever experienced in a long time.Food was horrible. My sister's order was spoiled and they served it anyway.Drinks?  As mentioned, the waiter was horrible.  And the manager?  He had no backbone to ensure our waiter was doing what he is paid to do.Aside from the snide comments from lackluster waiter, which was cute - cause I've been called worse, this place isn't a place to dine at. :(
4	I visited this location a few months back but my experience is still fresh in my memory.I visited the LA location on Sunset Strip a few years back for drinks...the atmosphere is fun.  I returned in March at the Glendale location for dinner with my parents after a White Sox Spring Training game.  We all had steak - which we all enjoyed, even my very picky father who refuses to eat in any kind of "chain" restaurant.  The service was decent as well but go early as this place does get crowded. (We ate the night before at Margaritaville also at Westgate)Finding a decent place while on vacation can be a difficult task at times but we did well with this place (being from Chicago)It's a decent place to grab a decent dinner or go for drinks and get entertained by those riding the mechanical bull :)
5	I have been here about 10 times. I think it is getting better and better. Tonight we had the monster platter, southwest wrap, and Cajun hamburger it was all great. We had the cotton candy and skillet cookie, they were sooooo good. They took great care of us and comped the cotton candy. Fun place for the kids too!
4	Rating is for atmosphere drinks and service, didnt have food.Great drinks great atmosphere and great service.Update --- went back a 2nd night, Food was pretty good, prices a little bit above average but not out of control.... I'd go back again !   By the Way, there "out of this world" mac & Cheese dish ain't all that... Don't order it, too expensive and average at best.  Otherwise, other food items are pretty good.
3	Stopped by here on a Friday during happy hour.  I ordered one of their "specialty drinks" , b/c those were half off...had their Gold Rush, which is a margarita.  I didn't like it b/c it tasted like orange.  So it seems like they add orange juice to their margaritas :thumbs down:  The service was pretty quick.  Their appetizers were half off also so I ordered their BBQ ribs-those were sooooooo good!  They have a lil spice to them.  I would go back here to eat, but maybe order a different cocktail.
2	Atmosphere - 4 stars as the mechanical bull was quite entertainingService - 2.5 stars as they were not overly helpful with our big group eventFood - 2 stars as it really was not very good
3	Bring your appetite because this place serves up huge portions!  My sis and I visited last week for an early lunch.  I've had their jalapeno mac n' cheese before and opted for this again with a side salad.  I personally love the mac n' cheese and think the jalapenos give a yummy flavor.  Not spicy at all, just enough to give it some flavor.  I didn't even put a dent in the plate, and had leftovers for dinner that night.  SR also serves up $2 dollar mimosas with purchase of a meal.  Awesome! I did the Bahama Bubbly and The Classic.  I wouldn't complain if they poured a little heavier with the champagne.  Overall, A-OK experience.
4	Had a great experience at this food establishment.  This was around Happy Hour, was quiet and peaceful.  It was in the middle of the week on a Tuesday, maybe that is why the waitress were very helpful, only a handful was there.  Everything was given to me in a timely matter and service and food was excellent.
1	Very bad service, food so-so. DO NOT use a credit card! They will tack on more money after you signed and you won't see it until you check your bank statement. Only thing good about this place is the mechanical bull.
3	Went here on a Cardinals (v Steelers) game day and it was plum-packed to the gills.  Even arriving 3 hours before game time wasn't enough to grab a table.  As a result, we "drank" our breakfast-- who could complain about that?Nonetheless, good atmosphere, plenty of TVs with every game being played -- not a bad way to tailgate in some place other than the parking lot!
4	Great service. Great food. Go for happy hour it is worth it!
2	The food ? Extremely boring and ordinary... The atmosphere? Lively and fun .. I'm rating this place as a restaurant, not a bar. So if your hungry? Don't go there.  If your gonna grab a few drinks before heading to a game?  Absolutely go there and have fun.
2	I'm a big fan of Saddle Ranch but not this location. I got charged $25 for 2 drinks and I had to sit next to a dirty dish rag and a beer tower that had been tapped for at least an hour. Drinks were actually less expensive inside the stadium by $10. I think I'll stick to the one in Scottsdale and actually save money.
2	I dunno what it is .... maybe it's the fact they're SO over-priced or maybe it's the fact they are so over-priced and the food isn't better than Famous Dave's.  There are DEFINITELY better BBQ/steak options for the same or cheaper prices.  I currently live at the condos at Westgate but once I'm not living there anymore, I don't see myself ever coming back.  It's just not worth the money..... unless you're there for staff eye candy.
3	Have only gone here for food & drinks before a Coyotes game...It's on par for Westgate. High prices but, the food was good. Our waitress was excellent however, the bartenders were great to look at but, the service lacked. They kinda had an attitude - maybe it was just too busy...Anyway, good for game time or a concert yet, definitely not a destination spot.
1	If there were negative stars, they would get one. They told us a 10 minute wait. An hour later we left. Unbelievable. I will never be back to any saddle ranch.
3	Just had drinks here, but seems like it would be a fun environment as the night wears on.
1	My son and I decided to go to Saddle Ranch before a Coyotes game to grab some appetizers and a beer. After placing our order, the waitress came back and informed me that since there was a Coyotes game, they were not honoring their Happy Hour prices. You're kidding! Let's take advantage of the people coming to Westgate for a sporting event. There are too many choices in Westgate that DO honor Happy Hour to ever return to Saddle Ranch.
1	Fun place.  Great atmosphere.  Food is just awful.  Waitresses are great at throwing extra drinks on your bill.  Happened more than once so check your tab.
4	My BFF planned an awesome dinner here to start off the evening that was my Bachelorette Party.  Our party of 10 or so were seated smack in the middle (near the bull) at this huge round table and we had the most attentive waiting staff ever (our server gal was accommodating with the size, our orders and the bill... AND she even  bought our table a few rounds of shots! .... Kickass!!).  The manager was attentive, too... after convincing my drunken butt to get on the bull, he presented me with a gift bag with a hot pair of knickers inside that had their logo and some skanky phrase printed on it... I've never worn them, but, hell, I thought that was pretty great for making my evening feel special!  I'd also like to point out that on this particular night, there was a HUGE hockey game (Wings were playing) next door... so even with a busy restaurant, their staff did a great job of providing awesome and memorable service.I don't recall what I ate (probably because I didn't eat so much as I socialized), but I do recall one of my gal friends (vegetarian) ordered their Sweet Potato fries and it came with this amazing marshmallow dip ... it was so yummy.. finger lickin' good.I think this is a great place for anyone wanting to start off the night in a fun atmosphere with great staff..  I can't vouch for any of the food, 'cept the sweetpots but I was delighted it turned out to be such a perfect start to the night.
4	I've come to Saddle Ranch primarily as a bar, but have eaten there once or twice as well. I prefer it to other bars in the area because of the overall atmosphere.  It's a bit more laid back and less pretentious than McFadden's tries to be.  Never a cover charge (a plus in my book), and watching fools on the mechanical bull is always good for a few laughs.  A few weeks back in particular we went to the bar in the back just as the bartender was shutting that station down, but she went out of her way to make us all one last drink before she completely closed up shop.  A little customer service like that goes a long way!  As far as food goes I remember is being ok for the most part, aside from the sweet potato fries which were great with the side of cinnamon, marshmallow-ish dip (just try it, it's good).
5	Great happy hour prices and variety. their entire appetizer and drink menu is on the half price menu and the food is plenty enough.
5	Excellent bar service ever. Great place after a Coyotes game.
5	Service was great and the sloppy joes rock. The cotton candy was a nice touch.
3	Great hang out place, bar scene.  Would get more stars if the food was any good?Just don't expect to eat here...Its a great bar, entertaining with the ride on bull, and even more fun when you are in a group of willing participants.  A few shots, drinks, and everyone wants a shot at the bull.  During my visits it free men entertainment, FYI most people there do not want to see a guy ride the bull.....Great bar, since it does have a decent crowd, free entertainment, and indoor and outdoor seating.  Three bars to get drinks from as well.  I give it an OK, 3 stars since after eating here, more than once the food is over priced and just not good at all.
3	This place was fun, the food pretty decent, but it was not the place to take my elderly parents. We visited on a weekend and it was busy. It'd be fun if I were out for a night on the town with some friends, but I just wanted to take my folks out for a nice, peaceful dinner. Between the mechanical bull, bells rung at the bar, and the punching bag machine, it felt more like a circus than a classy meal place. Service was great, our server toughed it out with some pretty picky old folks. The menu was a little pricey, but not bad. Though I made my reservation right on their Yelp site, it wasn't recognized when we arrived, but they honored it anyhow. I later received a no-show notice, which was rectified.
5	Located in the Westgate Center.Plenty of parking, especially slow on Tuesday at lunch time . Was almost like ghost town empty.Went to Calico Jacks first but they were not open at about 12:15 pm although sign said open and saw some movement inside, but my spidey senses said move on.Saddle ranch right across the way was open so we scooted on over in the 110+ heat to the ranch. Kinda cool outside they had complimentary lemonade and  water.The decor was kinda western themed and not to big of a restaurant. Nice big bar in the center of the room. The have some really cool signs all over the restaurant with funny sayings ( nice touch).After being seated the manager Julie came over and greeted us and then the 5 star service began. We got drinks and asked her what she recommended. She gave us a list of 3. I went with the sloppy joe and fries. The drink service was tops with glasses never more than 60% empty without replacement or being asked if we wanted more.The food came out presented very nicely on a western themed metal platter. The beef looked like ground steak they did in house as its a steakhouse. The meat was cooked perfectly and excellent mix of house seasonings and a jack daniels sauce I think. The tiny onions mixed in perfectly. The bun is hard to master but they did it. Usually the bread falls apart at many places.... No dice it held up extremely well. It was perfect.They serve a bunch of fries, whatever they were uhhh fries.So after treating me like the king, she brings out this outrageous mountain of cotton candy. We could barely dent this 8th wonder of the world, so she bagged it up to go. She bought the dessert... How sweet it is.Overall great experience and I'll be back for sure. See Julie, it's like getting a new really cool friend. Thanks
4	Good time! I have only been here twice. the first time was a disaster! we asked for medium burgers and got rare. Knowing what its like to send things back and have fear they (the kitchen staff at ANY place are going to do something to it) so we just ate the sides and payed for the burger bite later. :( yuck.. The second time we went IT WAS AWESOME we told them how the first experiance was and they apologized for that and gave us a free dissert. not the usual cotton candy, but a baked cookie (which was not cooked.. how ironic) we said thanks and let them know the rest of the meal was fantastic!This is one of those places it would be perfect for a sandwich and BEERS. the ambiance is great. the service is awesome, but go here for the drinks.. and the bull riding!
4	What a great place. We (family of three) went on a Sunday afternoon. What a fun place, great food, friendly staff. The manager was there, she let my son sit on the michanical bull. fun. fun. fun
2	"Why is everything I touch sticky?"That pretty much sums things up for Saddle Ranch. We sat at the bar for a quick drink before heading in to Jobbing.com Arena. We were robbed, sweated a bit in the lack of air condition, and got sticky in the process. Also, what's the deal with the plastic cups that are supposed to look like glass? They just look scratched up and dingey. Nasty.For $25 all we got was 1 beer, 1 mixed drink and 2 sad shots. Waste of money. Go  to the Yard House for better beer and atmosphere.
5	Great place , great service, I cant wait to o back!
5	Always a great time and good food
3	Not as good as the one in Hollywood or Studio City, CA but still fun. I was there to party for MNF on a Sunday with fellow Niner fans. Strong drinks. Great time.
3	I love the location and overall appearance of this place. We all enjoyed our food and the truffle Mac & cheese was super good but the service was ridiculously slow considering the place was almost empty and spending $75 for lunch for 4 was a little more than I like to spend for lunch. Especially since we all ordered the lower priced menu items. We may go back but I will try out the other restaurants in this location first to see if they have better service.
4	I had had the California wrap and fries and washed it all down with a couple raspberry ice tea's. The food was good, fires were golden brown and nice and hot. Service was good too, atmosphere was awesome. Looks like a place that would better on a Friday afternoon or Sat. It a huge place and very nice wood work inside. Monitors on the wall playing good rock and decent country videos. I had fun, nice place.
1	My advice would be not to eat here if you value your life! I had a simple beef dip with fries,it tasted so old like they had to thaw it from deep freeze after 2 years,horrible!!!!!I was literally Ill for for days,wil never eat ther again
4	The wait staff is very friendly and the bartenders do a good job.  Their happy hour is commendable.  The chipotle mac and cheese appetizer is probably the best mac and cheese I've ever had in my life.They will get their 5th star once they get a bottle of Compari.
4	My cuzn took me here when i was visiting him in AZ. I gotta same its pretty bomb. Buffalo tenders were some of the best ive had. Slide were awesome as were the (mini) ribs or whatever you call them. They make a great long island too!  Its all cowboy themes out & they have a mechanical bull to throw fools on their arse! Only thing sucked is there were more guys than girls down to tangle with it...maybe because it was kinda early. Ill have to go again when its later and do a 2nd review. They aso have med tvs eveywhere showing diff sporting events. This spot gets 4 thumbs up! which equals 4 stars.  If your in the area...do ittt!
3	Service was great, but it was freezing cold. Food was okay. I love the decor, the bread basket, and the wine pours.
2	Don't eat here.  Just drink here.  On second thought, maybe don't even drink here.For breakfast, I had a lapful of mimosas and somebody else's food.  In their defense, they did comp us the first round of drinks, and we did get free cotton candy.  I dunno, I'm just not impressed.
4	Coming here is not just a meal, it's an event.  Good food, big time atmosphere.  Good for any size group (was here with 30+).  Nice menu options and plenty to drink.
1	i have visited the restaurant on a couple occasions prior to my latest lunch dinning experience and the previous times were not memorable enough good or bad to express an opinion. However my latest experience i have felt compelled to share my thoughts. as we arrived on a saturday after visiting a friend in the area for her graduation party, the atmosphere was of an average weekend gathering with maybe a little bigger crowd than usual. The 3 people i was with ordered a wrap, an omelette, and my original burger medium. had a couple 2 dollar mimosas and began to wait for 1 hour and 30 minutes to be served. now maybe it had to do with the large amount of families or maybe this is a common expectation for a weekend lunch either way i felt this was too long. the kicker is when i received my dry well well done burger i laughed and asked the waiter if they could take it back and and just cancel my order.the wator replied i would be glad to take it back and see if the cook can make you a new order medium done as he agreed this burger was well overcooked. I replied with the fact i am not willing to wait another hour but thanks for the offer. the only good that came out of this was that i am now reassured that my home cooking grass fed beef is not comparable to a restaurant broiler!
1	1/2 star. Max. I have been to different locations of this chain.  My friend, a University of Phoenix graduate, made reservations here for 12:30 Saturday 5/4 immediately following the ceremony.  A portion of our party arrived early and proceeded to order cocktails, a few apps, etc. Upon the rest of the party's arrival, the service remained decent. It wasn't until we were ready to order and notified the server as such...that our order was not taken for an additional 15-20 minutes.  She instead proceeded to other large party to take their order. Once we finally got our order in...we waited...and waited...and waited for nearly an hour (if not more by some of our party's calculations) for our food. My husband met us for lunch from the other side of town and needless to say...he had to take his food to-go in order to make it to work on time. They did comp his meal entirely as was expected at this point.  Darrell (the so called GM) apologized and made somewhat of an attempt to right the situation with free COLD appetizers prior to the meal arriving and at the end of it giant cotton candy served in large martini style glasses followed by a piss poor dessert of rock hard crumbly brownies. Sorry, that doesn't remedy the situation.A portion of our meals were comped and rightfully so.  I can understand that they got slammed after graduation...but know your area...and know that there is a COLLEGE GRADUATION right next door to your restaurant!  Getting "slammed" is not the guests fault...it's YOUR fault for not staffing appropriately.  When I look around the restaurant and see your hostesses gabbing and standing around while our table fills up with empty and NON-REFILLED glasses and dirty appetizer plates, maybe they need to be trained to do a little bussing as well...i mean, you're ''slammed" right? All hands on deck?  I guess not.I will never return to another Saddle Ranch... anywhere...ever. My guess is that many others will not either as this place will not remain open if this is how it's operated. Horrible.
4	Pretty cool, the chips and guac was okayThe filet mignon wasn't the most amazing thing, and def wasn't work $30, but for maybe a $15 or $20 steak it would have been good.They have cotton candy that is flavored like cheesecake or something, so if you're a sweets lover you'll probably enjoy it.The bar is on point with all of the options, the drinks are a little pricey, but it's a good time watching all the drunk people get on that bull.Worst case scenario, bar hop around the area and you'll have a good time.But remember to bring your money. Lots of it.
1	Ate here for breakfast. I've had better breakfast at Denny's. My eggs were way over cooked and the pancakes were like cold cardboard. I had to send them back. The waitress was very nice and embarrassed about the food. Too boot, the restaurant was full of these tiny little gnat type bugs that were flying everywhere. Even after being asked to move away from the window they were still buzzing our heads.Will not eat here again
2	I'm basing my review on one meal that I had at the Chop House recently.  Their Citrus Herb Chicken entree was awful.  The chicken was extremely dry, the vegetables were cold, and the jasmine rice was overcooked.  The meal felt as if had been sitting on a table for over a half an hour.  Also, the chicken seemed pretty cheap besides it's dryness.  I would have given it 0 stars if the bartender was not a great server.
4	Went here for dinner after taking my parents to the new outlet mall at Westgate. It was Sunday at 5:00, but the place wasn't really all that busy.However, service was still very good and attentive. Candace, our waitress, was excellent and the manager on duty was checking each table to make sure guests were satisfied as well.Food was good to decent, both steaks we ordered came out as requested, only complaint was that the rice was badly undercooked so had to dock a star. The nachos appetizer was quite large and our party of three had difficulty finishing it, pretty good value there for those who like to do a little drinking and grubbing.
5	Great happy hour prices! And they always bring out complimentary items.
1	Here is a lesson on how to achieve 1 star on yelp:1. Party of 16... come by every 45 minutes2. Take 30 minutes to fill 2 drink orders3. Stare at the table from across the room, notice everyone staring back at you. Don't come back to the table for another 20 minutes4. Charge 18% gratuity automatically based on party size. Most restaurants have stopped doing this, take notes.It is obvious our server didn't give a fuck about his job. The manager (or some dude that looked like a manager telling people what to do) was there that night and he didn't notice even when we complained as he walked by.I hope you close down and something much, much, much better comes. Like McDonalds. Even McDonalds is better than you. Think about that.p.s. Your free cotton candy is the worst cotton candy I have ever tasted. You should be paying me to eat it.
3	Came here with the family to see what this place was about. (as well as once more afterwards).  Our visit here was "different" given the loudness of the place, as well as the decor. For a "cowboy" or "country" themed restaurant, I was hard pressed to find a decent steak or stiff drink here. The wait staff is more concerned about their own time than yours. Our waitress kept going over to the mechanical bull (yes, this place actually has one) to talk with another waiter who was operating it. Had she actually paid attention to our table, she would've noticed the half empty glasses, as well as the empty plates. All-in-all: The food was good, but the service was poor. I give it three (3) stars simply because I'll give it the benefit of the doubt. However, places don't seem to realize the importance of good quality service. Waiters would get more tips and people would order more food/drinks. Something for Saddle Ranch to think about.
5	Had a good time chilling here with friends, I got a big ass salad and it stuffed me. The bartender was very chatty, I didn't catch his name, but he made us a couple of gummy bear shots that were to die for.
4	My husband and I celebrated our 16 year anniversary here.  The food was good, not great, but good; however, our server, Teresa, was the best server we have ever had anywhere.  As a former server I understand the importance of making people feel welcomed.  She comped my drink because I didn't like it, she gave us 2 free shots for our anniversary and was extremely attentive!! Would go back again, especially if all of the servers are like her!!
1	Welcome to my worst dining experience ever with excellent service. Not even the waiter who worked his ass off could eliminate what a horrible dining experience I just got back from. Normally I let things sit for a bit before writing a review... Tonight I am just too astoundingly pissed off to wait. My dining experienced SUCKEDPro Tip: DO NOT COME HERE OR EAT HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO BE AN UNSATISFIED CUSTOMER.First: We saw a cleared table outside which we were waiting to be seated and had stated we were waiting for an outside seat. Well after we waited and the table was cleared and set, at least 15-20 minutes when there was no wait inside (shoulda known something was amiss right here). We were informed surreptitiously that there wasnt a table available outside as it was for a reservation that hadnt yet arrived.Second: We ordered our drinks and I was excited to get a liter of tea mixed with Vodka. Well if there was any Vodka in my drink, no one, I LITERALLY MEAN NO ONE, could taste or smell it. So I complained and asked for additional alcohol. $13.50 for a drink that is supposed to be a contain a good amount of alcohol, you think you could taste or smell it slightly right? Well yeah they said it was made properly and wouldnt do anything for me so the waiter got me a shot of vodka which i poured into my drink which guess what? it tasted like there was a hint of alcohol at that point.Third: This was the worst ribeye i have ever gotten. I requested it to be medium. I do not know how, but they were able to cook the middle medium and half of one side was bloodier than extra rare and the other side was medium rare. I had to get A1 to give it some flavor. This is the first time I have had to ask for A1 in a steakhouse in over a year... *SMH* WTH is wrong with you )(*^&^$'s!Other stuff: My friends who ordered chicken loved it. My friend who ordered the primerib felt his was as bad as mine and it was covered in lots and lots of fat! So much so that my other friends dog is eating great tonight...The good things: The waiter who took our order was on point, but was hampered severely by the bartender and the kitchen staff. The mini muffins and biscuits were great. The honey butter was outstanding to go with them. If you come here prepare to be disappointed or taken advantage of. I was completely and thoroughly unsatisfied with my entire meal. THERE IS NO REASON TO EAT HERE, so dont waste your money, time, or desire to have a good meal. You will likely leave here disappointed unless you order the chicken.
2	I was looking for a place for dinner before going to before the movie.  There a quite a few restaurants at Westgate, so we looked around and chose this Saddle Ranch.    Wrong choice!The hostess was friendly, and we were seated right away.  The waitress had a great personality, but service was average at best. This place is a little on the pricy side.  The food didn't justify the cost.  I had a baseball cut sirloin, which came with a vegetable medley and one side.  I chose the loaded baked potato. The vegetables were the best part but were just OK.The steak was supposed to come with choice of a sauce, glaze or butter, but is was left off.  It was no better or bigger than a Chili's or Applebee's steak, but was twice the price.  The flavor and tenderness of the meat was just average, but was cooked to the the way I ordered it. The baked potato was large, but had been sitting in a warming drawer for a while and had that off-putting old baked potato taste.  I ordered it with the loaded potato part on the side.  I thought a loaded potato had butter, sour cream, bacon bits, chives, and sometimes grated cheese.  I got a small plastic container with about one tablespoon of sour cream, and barely a teaspoon of butter.  I ate some of it because I was hungry, but left over half.Later, when the waitress asked about the meal, I told her about the old potato.  She told the manager.  He came later asked about the meal and offered to replace the potato, or substitute another side, but I was done eating.  He said he would comp a desert.  The waitress said that we were getting the Vanilla Brioche Bread Pudding.  We waited for at least another twenty minutes, but when she finally brought it, she brought an ice cream sundae, saying the were out of the bread pudding...the final letdown.This is a very attractive looking restaurant, but I don't understand why the kitchen would send out a substandard meal unless they just don't care  Maybe that is the norm for this here.  For a place that bills itself as a chop house, it leaves a lot to be desired.
1	If I could give it less than one star, I would.  It was the Worst. Meal. Ever.  Biscuits that came out with the salad were raw inside.  The filet mignon ordered medium rare came out bloody.  The broccoli was yellow and had brown spots.  The ribs were hard and dry.  Nothing was served hot.  The iced tea was from a powdered mix.  The waitress would only talk and look at my husband.  He got refills on the awful iced tea.  She was carrying the water pitcher at the same time, but never refilled my water glass.  It looks like it would be good, but anyplace is better, even MacDonald's.
4	This is a GREAT place for Happy Hour! Drinks are 1/2 price as are appetizers.  They are always accommodating of large groups.The choices for appetizers can pretty much be a full meal...even to share!I will never ride the bull but I will always point and laugh at the person riding and then falling off!
4	The initial impression comes from the facade which is very inviting and creative and the Western theme continues into the building. It was refreshing to see TV's showing music videos instead of entirely dedicated to sports. The music videos are punk, rock, metal, alternative, indie, basically different modes of rock. That was really enjoyable. The service was also excellent, we had a waiter that actually waited on our every need which was also refreshing. He was extremely helpful, friendly, and went out of his way for everything. Big thanks Chris. The food itself was okay, nothing ridiculously special, especially for the price. This is a place to hang out and have a drink than to go out and eat.
5	I hosted a pre-chemotherapy get together at Saddle Ranch Chop House for a girlfriend of mine that's facing down breast cancer last night and I was NOTHING but impressed with the level of service from everyone, the quality of the food, and professionalism from our server, Teresa.  From the manager that checked in on us last night to make sure we were enjoying ourselves, right down to the employee that took my initial phone call and made the reservation for my event a week ago.  Good work, guys!  Saddle Ranch took care of every detail for us and was very attentive to our needs last night; making sure that our table was set up and decorated with balloons before we arrived, to surprising our whole table (adults only) with a round of pink lemonade vodka shots and two towers of pink cotton candy for our table!  Really I could not be more pleased with them and wanted to thank them personally on Yelp for the excellent service at my friend's very important night out last night.  Thank you guys for making my friend's night special!
1	Soooo this is a new one on me, 30 min wait when half the place is empty this place has dropped off the map in my book as of late. the food has went from excellent to okay. The service has never been up to par but they try to make up for it by giving away free desserts. Which is fine but I would rather get great service and that always makes the food taste better get a grip you guys and tighten it up:0
1	Went here before the Coyotes game. Food is horrible!!! I mean horrible!!!  We (3 of us) had the "steak sandwich" which was barely edible. Parts you couldn't even chew threw it. Our server was nice and gave decent service. Don't eat here, just grab a drink.
3	It wasn't bad, it wasn't great....  What I liked: our waitress was awesome and the manager stopped at our table when we first sat down and introduced himself.  At the end of the meal, we received complimentary shots!  Cool, I liked that.  The mechanical bull was fun to watch.  The food was okay.  I had chicken tacos and the tortillas were a little tough; I ended up having to cut them and eat it with a fork, then I just gave up and ate the filling only.  What I didn't like was it was so noisy!  You could barely hold a conversation.  We were having dinner with friends we hadn't seen in years so there was a lot of catching up to do.  Probably our fault for not choosing better.  If you want a fun place, go!  Have fun.  If you want somewhere that you can have a decent conversation, choose somewhere else.
4	Went here before the Cardinals game. We were there about 3 hours before game time. Table wait was about half an hour, but we found a spot at the bar. Beers seem a little expensive, but that's okay. At the bar, we got 2,shots on the house and the nachos were very yummy.  We've been here before and I remember the food bent good then as well. The one bartender is. Prime candidate for FLBP but we had Byron, who was awesome, and this other incredibly cute girl (Hayley.), who was also pretty awesome. So, compared to the other bars into the are, this is the place I'll revisit for pre-game festivities.
4	Had a company party here, food was tasty. Service was quick.
1	This is the second time we have tried this place, trying to give it a second chance.  NEVER AGAIN :-/  The food is bad and the service sucked :-(  I am actually normally nice and try to be nice in my comments but I have nothing positive to say about this place. The only positive is that I will never have to eat there again :-)
1	If I could give this place a1/2 star, or no star at all, I would.  Stopped at Westgate to kill time, bwfore going to the airport, and was the biggest mistake.  First we sat down, and placed drink orders and appetizer orders, then waited 25 mins for those to come out, then placed our lunch orders.  4 different tables were sat after us,  and were waited on and finished 45 mins later.  Finally, after 1 hour our food started to come out, one plate at a time, spaced about 5 mins apart.  Then I was the only one left without my meal, when I asked the waitress where my order was she went to check and came back to say it'd be right out, as the kitchen dropped the ticket with my order... 20 more mins go by and still no buffalo chicken sandwich.  Finally, the manager came to apologize and said my meal was on the house, food would be right out.  15 mins go by and I asked to see the manager again.  He finally came over a couple mins later and proceeded to blame it on the waitress saying she never placed my order. I NEVER got a chance to eat, because when we were getting up, the food finally was delivered to the table.  What a nightmare!!!!!  Do Not Eat here, food was terrible and staff doesnt know how to run business during the day shift.  Seems like it'd be better left as a bar seen. Ugh!
1	Went here tonight. Yes, I know it's a weekend at Westgate, and expected them to be busy. There wasn't a long wait to get sat. Took us a little while to get our drinks out, and then we ordered our food. It took over an hour to get our food out to us, our server she had only checked on us a couple of times, and didn't after the bread sticks, despite the fact that she saw me looking over at her several times during the meal. About 50 minutes after waiting, I went to go look for her to ask where our food had went, couldn't find her. I did see her as well as other servers hanging out with other tables. The table next to us even had to get their own silverware after the food had been brought out. I ended up walking out, paying for my drink and not even getting out food. I had to go somewhere else to eat completely. The server never came over to apologize about our wait, no manager, no other servers came to check up on us after the biscuits were brought out.I even offered to pay for my drink, which she took a while to bring out the check for that, keeping me their angry even longer.It seems like they are very selective about who they serve, saw a lot of girls hanging out with the guys at the tables while other tables were waiting.  HORRIBLE HORRIBLE service..I couldn't even find a manager to complain to.
2	I will give this place a 2 only because the bartender at least acknowledged us quickly and the fact that I did not stick around long. Upon sitting at the bar we noticed all glasses were plastic and hanging from the ceiling and all were very dusty, dirty and spotted. Looking around we noticed that all these poor people in this place were drinking out of these nasty glasses. I just couldn't bring myself to do it so else where we went.
1	Slow services, Dirty dishes and extremely loud. If my cousin didn't work there I probably wouldn't have ate there last time. Food is not good and not a family environment.
3	If you come before a coyotes game or sporting event they are jammed.  I agree the service is good, even when they are scrambling around with a full restaurant.  Usually just have a couple drinks before watching the Yotes.  Small crowd tonight.  I asked the waitress if they made their own veggie burger.  Yes they do. It was good. Friends shared the BBQ chicken sandwich and liked it.  Sides were good.   It is on par with the other restaurants around the arena.  I do agree plastic glasses suck.  We all picked up our beers and said plastic? Really?   Probably a 3.5 but I've only been there on a game night.  The place is full inside and on the patio so that says something.  It's not Ruth's Chris.  It is what it is
1	Worst Saddle Ranch i have ever been to Beware of this place. Horrible management. watch out for your credit card as well. I ordered food and drinks through one of the bartenders over the weekend for my clients and when i went to cash out she told me that she gave my tab to the waiter that was servicing my clients table without acknowledging me first. so instead of my normal bill of $120.00 they charged my card for over $375.00 for the tab. the Manager said I'm sorry this is illegal and should have never happened but wouldn't do anything about it to reverse the charges that weren't mine he asked me if he could buy me a drink instead. worst management and service ever. last time i will ever step foot in this place. I would highly recommend the Whiskey Rose across the Street or Mcfadden Bar.
1	We gave them a year to fix their service issues and went back this week. We had a large party. Two of the people with us never got their food! I mean they NEVER got it after several complaints to the wait staff. Same thing happened a year ago! Their solutions is to bring watermelon shots none of us wanted. Seemed like an excuse. The manager finally came over, apologized and took money off the bill. However when we left with our two hungry friends I let him know that this happened last time and we stayed away for a year. He said " Well Ma'am if the same thing keeps happening I would just never come back!" No joke! The manager said that about his establishment. He got his wish and the privilege  of my 1st ever YELP review. None of us will EVER be back!
3	I only ever get to come here before Cardinals games these days, as I don't live in the area anymore, so this is really just a review for the pre-game-day experience.They do a pretty good job with atmosphere, cycling people in with a decent reservation service, and most of the morning games on. Bartenders are attentive, the servers are normally adequate, and the area is spacious.My only issues are with the price, and the strange food selection - breakfast ends before it even really makes sense to get to the stadium, like 10:30. Some extra time to grub on some eggs and bacon would be nice, but then they switch to their lunch/dinner menu, which I believe is limited for game day (I could be wrong on that). The portions are ridiculously huge, which wouldn't be a problem in most cases, but I don't really want to feel like it's time for a nap by the time the game started. And with the portion size, comes a pretty high price for each item. Really, it just comes down to menu diversity and how busy this place can get in the mornings on Sunday. If you're not there early, it's going to be a while to get in and get out.
1	I've been here before and had no complaints but tonight the food was mediocre and the service inadequate.  They are giving out 20% coupons for the next visit and we left ours knowing we would not return. There are much better choices at Westgate.
1	What a disappointment ordered food which had hair in it and they offered a discount of 10% I didn't even want to finish the food . Never again will I go here.
3	Well, I rode the bull.  For 18 seconds!  PRO:  they pour a really full glass of bubbly (probably doesn't get ordered often).  CON: it is cheap crap bubbly! The service wasn't particularly great and the food wasn't particularly great.  These factors didn't bother me much as I was out celebrating with work mates.  I think marshmallow dip is the most revolting thing ever...but others loved it.  I will say...I would never order a giant cotton candy thing but someone else did, it was beautiful and I had a couple nibbles :)
2	Good points: text messaging to notify you seating is available, large restaurant and bar, and entertaining to watch people ride the mechanical bull.Down side: Very loud inside, difficult to hold conversations, service was slow, food was not served hot, and for a place that advertises rock music, I only heard 1 rock song out of 10 songs played.
5	The food was great and the service we had was even better. Kyle our server was on top of anything we needed and made sure we were being taken care of. He was AMAZING. If your in the area I would definitely recommend stopping by. And ask for Kyle you will be treated like royalty.
5	Delicious food, great service! It was our first time going, Kyle was our server he was the best server ever! He explained the menu brought us everything we needed and brought us cotton candy on the house! Loved this place, great atmosphere, awesome people and tasty food! This is our new hangout when in town for Spring Training!
3	This was pretty sad. Would of gave 2 stars but may be it was a slow night? Place was near empty at 10pm on a Friday night. The saddle ranches in LA are always jam-packed. Got a drink and left after 20 minutes
4	Good place to hang out before a game at the stadium, but get there early if you want to eat at a table because it gets packed. The beers are big & cold, and I've always liked the crowd there before games. It's people who want to have fun but are relaxed, and a nice energy gets going before the game. The menu is standard and I've only ever had the veggie burger here which is consistently good - two Gardenburger patties (a relief for vegetarians who don't want fake meat) piled with cheese and traditional toppings. The fries are good.
2	Food was ok, service terrible. Sunday lunchtime and they had many workers running around, but not very attentive to my party of 5. Like I said, food was ok but certainly not worth what we paid for it. Was like sitting in a barn, and they played alternative rock videos, one would think a pseudo western place would at least play pseudo western music, too.
1	Service has been horrible all 3 times we have been here.  The food is ok, but overpriced!  Not a bad place to drink as long as you don't drink fast!
3	Great happy hour, but very inconsistent kitchen.Some days the foods out in 10 minutes, the next it's 40. We consider ourselves regulars , but unfortunately we won't be anymore do to the inconsistency from the kitchen.
3	Dear reviewers reading,Came here last night. And it was dead I thought so for a Sunday but it was my first time coming here and I liked the food and service we had an awesome server but it wasn't really much. That is why I have a 3 star it wasn't really anything there that was good other than food.
1	This place wax horrible!! Sunday afternoon, not busy, service was horrible and food was horrible.
1	Let's see....where to begin. There was so much wrong that my head is still spinning. A group of us went here last night for a friends 40th birthday. Being 7 o'clock Saturday night, we expected the place to be slammed, but it wasn't, with several tables empty.Let's being with the service. Terrible; nonexistent. The 6 of us were sat in a section the same time another party of 12 sat. Our drink order was taken fairly quickly. Nothing difficult, waters and iced tea. After about 10 minutes we realized that we hadn't received our drinks, despite 5 staff members standing behind the hostess counter, not 10 feet away, shooting the shit and looking at their phones. We finally went to speak to the manager that if they were going to give this one waitress 2 large parties at the same time, that perhaps someone should give her some help running food and drinks. Despite this, another 5 minutes went by before we saw our drinks. Our order was taken and we began waiting for our food. And we waited, and waited, and waited some more. About 30 minutes, with empty glasses at our tables only filled once. At about the 20 minute mark, the manager stopped by and said our food should be out shortly. I guess 10 minutes is short time. Mind you, still 3 or 4 staff standing idly at the hostess stand. We were there about 2 hours for a meal that should have taken about an hour because of a staff that doesn't give two shits about providing good, prompt service. In fact a woman at the table of 12 complained to another manager and supervisor that was on duty, and as they passed by our table afterwards the supervisor was heard saying, "How about the attitude on that bitch." NOT GOOD, SADDLE RANCH.And now the food. Ugh. Let's set the stage with what we ordered. Extra thick pork chop with bourbon glaze, baseball sirloin (rare), 2 prime rib (rare, and medium rare), and 2 kids meals. So the food comes out and we dig in. The sirloin came out on point, but was told it was nothing special, with little flavor. The prime ribs were another story. The rare came out medium and the medium rare came out medium well. Naturally we pointed it out and they took them back to the kitchen to fetch the correct cooked items. The manager comes back and says that they had run out of medium rares and that the rare cut that came out was in fact the last rare cut of the night, so naturally it cooked though to medium. Why the didn't tell us this at the time of placing the order is beyond all of us at this point, now that we are nearly an hour into our sitting; so we just dug through the ones that were available. The extra thick chop was about an inch thick. A thick cut should be moist. This was quite possibly the driest chop I've ever had and the glaze was flat and flavorless. All came with veggies and a side. My chop came with about half the portions that the prime ribs received. I will give the manager a little bit of credit as she brought out 2 deserts and comped one of the prime ribs. This actually saved them from getting zero stars, but it was far little too late. In the 2 hours we were there, our glasses only got filled 3 times. NEVER, NEVER, NEVER AGAIN. This was by far, hands down, the poorest display of service I have ever experienced at an eating establishment.
3	Happy hour on game day! Most of these places in Wingate do not have hh on game day but there guys do. Yummy food, drinks and cheap prices. Sit at the bar for fast service if you are in a rush since they do get busy.
2	My little brunch crew and I have visited twice now and our experiences were insanely different.First visit:-Sunday morning, few patrons.-Party of 8.-They organized the table and sat me so I could get a drink and some apps out before rest of my party arrived.-5 separate checks, no issues.Second visit:-Sunday morning, few patrons.-Party of 8.-They told me I couldn't be sat til at least half of my party had arrived, so I had to wait 20 minutes with 3 of my friends til we decided to finally lie and say we were a party of 6 just to be sat and get some drinks. I get that's how some places do it, but it wasn't a packed house, so I don't get why that had to be an issue.-Drinks were slow to come out because the bar was "backed up." Again, the place was deserted, so that was a little off to us. But, the second round was free due to the slow first round, so that was very nice of them.-Steak and eggs were overcooked. Rare and under-easy? Nope.-We ordered a vanilla brioche for a friends birthday, only to be told they don't have it, even though its on the menu. Not that they were out of it, but they just didn't have it.-5 separate checks were needed, but we got 3 because she said that's all the computer would let her do. We know this not to be true, as that was not the case a month ago. I don't know what the strategy was, but she didn't pair up person to person, so everyones check had someone elses food/drink on it. She also gave us our checks before we were ready to leave. Don't do that. You didn't need that table because there was any sort of wait. We came for the cheap mimosas and all we got was a reason to find a new place to brunch.
2	Went to Saddle Ranch with friends for the first time a month or so ago... That visit was fun. Server was pleasant, we got our food & drinks quickly, everything was great for the price. Something huge must have happened between then and yesterday. Place was a wasteland, but we had to wait for a table. Took forever to get our first round of drinks because the "bar was backed up" with the dozen other people in the building (they did apologize for that, and comped our next round, that was nice). Food was cooked wrong, the menu included items they don't even have, and we kinda wanted another round when the server brought our bill out. Then the bill was all jumbled up. My food was on one tab, my drinks on another. Plastic drinking cups were cracked and dirty. The girls want to give it another try, but I'm pretty sure I'm done with Saddle Ranch.
1	Wrong food and then they re-served part of the old plate and still got the eggs wrong.  Manager did not even apologize and only comped one plate when two were done wrong.  Will not go back. They do not want your business or have any respect for their customers.
4	Great food..Great drinks..slightly higher priced but...its not a regular dinner place 4 us.  Management has more issues i think than the servers & other staff..Our waitress Kristen was awesome!  I saw 1  customer walk out w o paying and another table of ppl who did nothing but complain.Lighten up ppl.
1	Worst food it think I have ever eaten! Everything tasted like it was out of the microwave. I ordered the ribeye and it definitely wasn't ribeye. I asked for a manager and told him that the ribeye was a real bad piece of meat and he tells me.."oh sorry about that... That's how our rib-eyes taste and that's what we get delivered to us. I know it doesn't taste like a ribeye, but that's what we serve people." HELLO! They need new management! What a joke this place is. I can say that the place has a great atmosphere, that's about it!
2	We've been going to saddle for about 3 years. In the past it's been great, awesome bartenders great crowd.  But the last few times we've been here it has gone down hill.!  Terribly weak drinks, warm draft beer.! And awful management, and I thank they are to blame!.... Support your regulars,  and we might start coming back!!
5	By far, one of the best places to go during happy hour, Mon-Fri. 4-6:30. All drinks & all appetizers are 1/2 off. All. The food is great. They have a very large appetizer menu. My favorites on the appetizer menu are the wings (big) $5 during happy hour, ribs (fall of the bone - great flavor) with sweet potato fries or regular fries $6.50 on happy hour, or my favorite of all, The Monster Platter. Huge!! $11 on happy hour. The Monster Platter has wings, ribs, sliders, sweet potato fries, and onion rings!!! It's a must buy! You also get free food before your order comes out, and after you're done. I can't say what it is and spoil it. They also have a regular priced menu full of all types of food. Average cost is $9 for a big burger, or sandwich. They have full dinners as well. Drinks - All half off. All good. Only thing not half off are bottles of wine. Bottled beer is $2.50 to give you an idea. The atmosphere is very cool. Nothing like it around. It's a 2 story western looking saloon with actual & real farming tools, and other western decor hanging all over the walls. There's a mecanical bull. This is not a country bar, though. All the decor is country, but it's far from a country bar, which is great. There's many big tvs everywhere. They show 80's rock videos on some of the tvs, and that's the music you'll hear. The other tvs are showing all sports games. Great place for music or sports. We love this place. We've been going here for 5 years. Great food. Great atmosphere. Great prices. Fantastic tvs for sports & music videos. The service is top notch. I've been to all the other places in Westgate. Don't bother. I went to Buffalo Wild Wings during their happy hour. Mistake!  Their wings were $12. I sat there thinking if I was just a few bars over, I'd be paying $5 for more better wings at Saddle Ranch! Saddle Ranch is huge, and has a very large wrap around patio with 2 outdoor bars. People take advantage of the great happy hour pricing, and come in large groups. Great for any kind of group event, inexpensive, and quality.
2	My parents went to this location for an early dinner recently and had terrible service particularly from the waitress. The waitress wasn't filling up their waters, would give attitude and roll her eyes, and would even take the longer way to get to the kitchen just so she could avoid my parents' table. My parents had to get up multiple times to go to the waitress themselves or grab another waiter to take care of them. Also, my mother ordered ribs and got them very dry and not appetizing even physically to look at. She sent them back to the kitchen and received new ribs but they ended up being dry again. My dad noticed a sign from the day before saying that they had an All You Can Eat special for ribs the day before, so they talked to the manager and my parents were told that Saddle Ranch admitted to reusing some of the ribs from the day before and that's why they were so dry. My parents were very unhappy with their experience. The only reason we didn't give them 1 star was because my mom finally ended up ordering their burger sliders instead and those were very good.
1	Slow service and rude, abrasive, disrespectful mangers who called the police because we refused to pay for $100 of food and drinks that we did not order or receive. Very disappointed and shocked!
1	I just got done eating here, and I gotta say if I can give it a zero I would.  The food was over priced and under cooked.  Not to mention I got to watch the manager (at least I thought it was the manager) hitting on the bartender for 45 freaking minutes while I was waiting on my salad. I will save you 150 dollars by saying do not eat here.
1	I wanted to like it. I missed the friend who suggested we go. The company I went with was by far the best thing about the dining experience. This is just another tired bar trying to squeeze a few more bucks out of those of us too stupid to eat out at Westgate. We were not all that hungry so we ended up having one drink each, one appetizer, one salad and one sandwich.  Total cost $80. WTF? 80 bucks for three drinks and minimal food? Are you freaking kidding me? This place calls itself a chop house. I can get better food at Subway. I have had super crappy dining experiences at Westgate on a number of occasions so my thought was why order chicken when for $2 more you can get beef. Less likely make me sick, right?  Ugh...The French dip was about as appealing as a hot dog bun with some dollar store meat heated in a microwave.  The oh so wonderful spinach dip recommended by our waitress came with a heaping of stale gross chips. Large Stella? Plastic glass and all of 20 ounces at best. I was charged close to $11 for that crap...Ug....why do I ever go to Westgate? Every restaurant here is a shit show.
1	The service was awful we had to argue with the waitress to even split the check. everything is hella overpriced compared to how it is priced in the menu. This is exactly why I don't come to saddle ranch anymore. why pay outrageous prices for crap beer when I can pay the same amount and the beer is of much higher quality and more unique selection in downtown Glendale (OTG or Hause Murphy) or in downtown Phoenix (Angels Trumpet). At least at those establishments they are grateful for you spending your money at those bars.
1	Zero stars.  Of all the places in LA to expand it had to be this hellhole.  Awful people, awful atmosphere, and probably the most arrogant bartender I've ever encountered.  And that's really saying something.
2	The food was great and the atmosphere was fun however I took one sip of my beer and noticed an irony taste in my mouth then noticed something crunchy in my teeth. The beer  had chipped shards of glass in it! When I brought it to the attention of the manager he basically called me a liar saying, "That's so weird because the bottle doesn't look chipped to me." I had the glass in my hand!He replaced the bottle but nothing else was done about my glass filled mouth.
3	Service was prompt and friendly.  I ordered the spinach ravioli.  My complaint is that is comes with a side and a salad isn't an option.  The options were almost all potatoes.  Baked potato, sweet potato, french fries, sweet potato fries, mashed potatoes, veggies.  They should think of which sides go with the entrees that come with a side.  A coworker ordered pancakes and was given the same side options.  It's just weird.We were given a complimentary dessert since it was our first time here...it was a huge batch of cotton candy!  It was good.  A unique dessert option that I've never seen anywhere else.
5	We had a great experience here! Wonderful western decor inside and out. This was their 6th Anniversary celebration so they were blowing up tons of balloons. They brought a basket of bread with mini corn muffins and dinner rolls before the meal. My spouse ordered the French Dip and I had the Chicken pizza. His sandwich was served hot and stuffed with meat. He liked the sweet potato fries and marshmallow cinnamon dip. We both had passion tea. My pizza was made fresh and was a true artisan pizza. Very unique. It was our first time in so we were treated to cotton candy (cherry cheesecake flavor) for dessert which is quite a nice and different added touch. The portions are large so we took boxes home. Our server was Steve and he was very attentive. The manager came by and introduced himself. The place wasn't busy but there were people coming and going. Priced at about $20-30 per person depending on what is ordered. We would recommend this place to our friends & look forward to returning. No complaints means 5 stars!
4	This is the first time we took our daughter for brunch and it was such a different place, of course, then the nighttime or happy hour. The music was quieter, the food was better looking, and tasted better. I will totally do brunch again! My daughter loved it! My only reason for not giving 5 was because the service was just okay, we needed drinks and waited forever. Also their prices are very high for a brunch.
3	This place has a great western atmophere and very good drinks specials during happy hour. My only issue is the food. Overpriced and mediocre. Come here for drink but skip the food!
2	The food here was amazing, and the portions where huge, but service is another story. We showed up to the restaurant with a party of 12, we had made a reservation several weeks ago for this party size. We showed up at 7:30, ordered our appetizers, and drinks. We got our appetizers pretty quickly, but it took a while for our drinks. Then they took out dinner orders at 8:30, yes, a whole later. Then our food didn't show up to the table until 9:10, seriously 9:10pm. The forgot to add two of the people in our parties food to the order, so they didn't get their food until 9:35. They literally had to watch other people eat in front of them. When we tried to confront management, they just said "sorry, but the kitchen has been busy all night." Then in one final attempt to make up for the poor service, the try to bring us a giant spool of cotton candy that no one asked for. This is one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had (and I've eaten at Sizzler). I will never be back to this place again, and our party was looking for a regular place to come eat when were in town for the Cardinal games. Our bill was close to $600 last night, imagine the gratuity that your servers are missing out on.
1	I order the $30.00 NY Steak "medium" and it came out well done.  And the baked potato was the opposite... hard as a rock. I would have sent but we didn't see our waitress for 30 min.  When she finally came buy and I politely explained my dissatisfaction, she offered me cotton candy... LOL!  My wife's Ribeye was prepared the way she ordered it.  Be careful of the up selling because they'll offer extras but no explain it's an extra charge.  Not sure what you get for the price... other than location to the arena.
1	Sad attempt at a breakfast.. They got off to a good start with nicely baked muffins, but blew it up with re-heated potatoes, and microwaved eggs.. I do not recommend, unless you plan to have lots of cocktails before your food arrives.
1	Second visit here.  Very disappointed  to say the least.  My Hamburger  was under cooked even though  I ordered it med well.  The fries were hard as a rock mixed w  seemed to be microwaved fries.  So were my sons so it wasn't just me.  Place was not very busy at all as it was around 1:30 pm on a Saturday.  We placed our order at 1:40 pm and was served  to us approx 2:30 pm.  I can't say it was the waitresses fault I'm sure it's more on the cooks.   Next time we will stick w yard house .  Better service , better food, better atmosphere.  Price is exactly the same.
4	I'll start by saying we've only been here for brunch. That said, we've been here several times for brunch, and we've only been disappointed once. That one time was when we sat out in the restaurant and we had a waitress with a huge attitude but the manager made it MORE than right. We were there with several friends, and when the manager heard we had a problem, he immediately rectified it. We were very happy with his response.Every other time, we've sat at the bar, where Ray (awesome!) was the go-to guy. We have always been happy with Ray's service, and with the menu. Their portions are HUGE. They have several mimosas to choose from, and several bloody mary's to choose from. They are all amazing.We've had several items on the brunch menu, and we've never been displeased. If we lived a tiny bit closer, we'd be a lot more regular at this place. That said, we do make special trips just for their awesome brunch/mimosas/bloody mary's.
1	Went about 8:30 last Sunday.  I had wings and a Coors light.  It was ok. We also ordered a steak which was amazing.  The service was very poor.  We managed to spend 150.00 plus a tip or two. Had to go to bar ourselves.  The young woman that seated us really wasn't interested in serving us. It's not worth going back.
2	No happy hour or 15% discount from hotel because it was a Coyotes game day.Herb Crusted Chicken was over cooked so it was dry but at least the baked potato was ok. Service was good she kept my drink filled.
1	Horrible! My wife ordered steak med well, it came rare the first time, med rare the second time and well done the third and last time. My steak was fine, but the fries were cold. Service wasn't the worst, but with a meal that bad, who cares. And we still had to pay for the over priced screwed up meal. Won't be back!!!
1	This is one of those restaurants that must think very highly of themselves to charge a fortune for something as simple as a burger.  $15?!  My husband, myself and two local friends came here before a Coyotes game because our first pick, The Yardhouse, had a line out the door.  This was the only place that wasn't packed... and I see why.  While we were seated promptly and the service was good, the menu made all our jaw drops.  The food was so expensive for simple items that we considered leaving.  We decided to all get the appetizer platter, at $24 and share it.  It was a very small amount of food, and the food came out within minutes... making me wonder if it was all pre-prepared and just warmed up.  The food itself was not impressive.  The mini burger sliders were really dry, the fries were cold and everything was the quality I'd expect at a Red Robin.  Basically, you're paying for the loud music, clever decorations and the mechanical bull.  Waste of money and I'd never go back.
4	Awesome service!  After the eagles cardinals game we hit this spot for dinner and drinks and the hostess, server, food and drinks were nothing short of awesome.   Only down side was we ate outside and they allow smoking on their patio. We did have to ask some smokers to move away from our table.
1	Come here to drink. Don't come to eat. The service is a joke. Slow food movement has a new definition.  We got our food one plate at a time. Torture. Seriously got here at 1pm. At 230pm still waiting on food.  Train wreck.  Don't order grilled cheese because they don't use oils?  Dry warm bread with melted cheese makes a grilled cheese. Wth?  Same with the hash Browns.
5	I took my family last night we had a great time... the food was awesome the people were great and the assistant general manager Julie Hardy was super nice came to our table multi times took my kids and made Smore's with them on a fire pit , brought us the biggest cotton candy we have ever seen ... Everybody had a great time
3	Came here before a Coyotes game. Friendly staff and quick seating. Portions are good but over priced $$$... somewhat expected that being so close to the arena.
1	I dined here 11/8/14 with a party of 5.Please believe the reviews about the price, quality of food, and poor service because it is completely accurate. We sat outside and started with Bloody Mary's. They were standard, no complaints. Placed our order at 12:30 for 2 kids chicken tenders, turkey wrap and rice, chicken Cesar wrap and rice, and a BBQ burger. Once our order was placed, our waitress was M.I.A. After 20 minutes we needed water refills and more bloody's. My Boyfriend finally got up to find her inside. There was a manager outside whom he asked for drinks from. She was polite and happy to accommodate. She also mentioned they had many different kinds of bloody's and they were on special for $1.99 as well as mimosas. Good to know. Our waitress hadn't mentioned either, but at least it was good news. The manager took our drink order, brought the drinks, and refilled our waters. At this point now we haven't seen our nice, but aloof waitress in 45 minutes. I guess she assumed we were all set, seeing as though the manager was taking care of us. So does that mean that we tip the manager?Food comes after over an hour of waiting. Cold. As though it was just sitting. I noticed other reviews mentioned dining on a Saturday mid afternoon for lunch and the place was nearly empty. This was true during our experience too. I mean, its pretty hard to mess up a wrap. My boyfriends turkey wrap was hard from sitting and the avocado had starting to turn black. The rice was in a circular scoop shape with the exterior rock solid hard. No exaggeration. My chicken in my wrap was hard and cold. The overall wrap luke warm. At least the kids food was hot. My friends cheese on his burger looked plastic from being melted and then cold.THIS IS WHEN THINGS WENT SOUTH: We flagged the waitress down to mention the status of our food, AFTER waiting an hour complaint free in a slow restaurant for our lunch. She asked if we wanted more rice. I didn't but my boyfriend did. She never offered to replace our food with fresh hot food, which we didn't have time at that point anyway and we were hungry. From the moment our food hit the table bees and flies were swarming us so much so the manager thought there must be a hive somewhere nearby. This is not Saddle Ranch's fault, but when your having a poor experience already with food and service, your not leaving much room for error. The manager who was pretty much our waitress stopped by the table so casual, the waitress had obviously not told her were unsatisfied. Again aloof. We showed her the food quality. The avocado, the cold hard chicken, the rock hard rice. She said THE FOOD WAS TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE AND SHE WOULDNT EAT IT IF IT WERE HER. okkkkk so??? Then she looks for the beehive and takes plates cups and such. She said she was going to talk to the cooks. I explained to her that I waited tables for 10 years and I hate to complain because I get it but yet.. and she finished for me "but yet you get it and its not okay at all" and although waiting an hour was part of the cooks fault, it was COOKED AND SITTING. our waitress along with any other staff left it to sit. More than likely forgot because again the manager had become our unofficial waitress. Then comes the merchandise girl trying to sell us T-shirts. LOL. At first I thought that they were offering us something for the experience. The manager was a few tables away. C'mon, if you have a table not being taken care of tell your merch girl probably to skip us. Not ask us to spend more money while we eat our cold lunch with bees and nothing rectified at all. We ordered a round of tequila shots. The manager came by and offered the kids desert but we passed as we needed to be somewhere. We spent two hours here already. BILL COMES: $105. I HAVE NEVER EVER asked for a restaurant bill adjustment much less complain, BUT  I couldn't believe that we waited sooo long for our lunch then it was "unacceptable" straight from the managers mouth and yet nothing. How as a manger do you miss that? Maybe buy our shots for us? Something? she just said it was unacceptable, she wouldn't eat it, and left and never came back. I live in Los Angeles and I haven't had that experience the few times I've been to Saddle Ranch on Sunset. There are so many choices at Westgate, and theres a reason why saddle has 5 tables sat on a Saturday lunch and the rest are full. Your gonna dine there minimum of 2 hours due to service anyway so you may at well join a 15 minute wait and have a worthy experience for the cost.
3	Cool atmosphere, the place is huge, they have a mechanical bull. The complimentary bread is delicious. I decided to try the French Dip sandwich (never have, ever) not a fan. (Horseradish is gross) I think you need to go with a burger or big plate to be satisfied with ur meal. Ok service, anytime I go to a restaurant I hate hunting waiter down for refills. I didn't want to rate based on my bad choice of meal, bcuz everyone else seemed to enjoy their meal.
4	Great environment for hanging out or watching the game. The service and food were good.
1	Where shall I begin, the server came up right away, which is great. We got our food in this humongous plate. Wine in a plastic glass? Seriously? then all of a sudden she disappeared. We weren't asked if the food was great or anything which it was okay it wasn't all that. $27 for a little piece of steak, not worth it.  At least when it came time to get the check she was very attentive. Won't be back. By the way clean up your restrooms that's disgusting.
4	Wonderful restaurant with exceptional service and food!!! We like coming for happy hour and sharing monster platter. The cotton candy is a must...at least order it for a photo.... I think it tastes awesome!!!
1	Very disappointing and they just didn't seem to care. I researched a central place for a group coming from around the Valley to meet for a late brunch. I was excited to see that this place served brunch until 3pm with $2 drink specials. Once seated I went back up to the hostess to ask for a brunch menu and was told there was no brunch or drink specials today because of an event. The lunch menu was a bit disappointing with few options that seemed overpriced. We were sat at a table that hung out into the main walkway so a few of our party kept getting bumped by staff and customers. They serve everything in GIANT bowls and platters that just make it difficult to fit everything on your table. The BBQ chicken chopped salad was a huge disappointment- I asked for no tomatoes which meant I didn't get any other toppings either. The explanation given was that the toppings are premixed with the tomatoes. This may have affected my ordering decision and a good server would have mentioned this up front. I can make chicken and lettuce at home. My chicken salad was also lacking much chicken. Before the food even arrived the manager came by the table and asked how things were going. I attempted to let him know I felt like there was a "bait and switch" with the brunch menu and information presented online. He immediately shut us down and said it was because if an event at the stadium. I pointed out there is no mention of this policy on the website and the event wasn't for another 2 hours. The other frustration was the server just couldn't keep our drinks filled- this Phoenix people! I spent my college days waiting tables and my husband has been in the food service industry for 16 years, we try to be understanding and realize sometimes things happen, but this was such a collection of awfulness I just had to let people know.
1	Many issues here. It took nearly 20 min to just get a drink. Then the 2nd drink took just as long and we informed we had plans in an hour before sitting down. Small things so far... But it gets worseThey charged me for drinks I didn't order. They spilled beer on my dinner. When I informed them of the over charge They ran my card twice!!! As we got up they spilled catchup all over my wife's back and hair and on my expensive cowboy boots. When we told manager he said there is nothing he could do to make us leave happy. He gave us a business card and said come visit again when he isn't busy :/ It's an hour drive each way for us :(Don't do it. To many other nearby choices.
4	I am writing this review as I wait here for the server to take our order. We've arrived at 7:45 pm. The waitress has arrived at 7:56 pm. She has taken our drink order at 7:56pm.  We ordered Two beers,  a Pepsi and waters .  They've arrived at 8:00 pm. She has taken our order at 8:02. It is 8:07 pm, she brought out the cornbread and biscuits. So far so good.  8:20pm. Food has arrived. They are getting a 4 for good service. They lost 1 star for a late start.
1	Half baked cookie? Try raw and my fries,....microwaved. I use to love this place but my last few visits have been less than pleasant. That's probably being nice. They are quite pricy but it use to be worth it as the food was that good but this last year something has dropped. My first issue with this restaurant came on a game night, now I have been here many times before but never on a game night. A few of us decided to go out and I recommended Saddle Ranch. It was happy hour but due to game night they did not honor those prices,I was unaware of that but we stayed. My drink was massively watered down. Normally their drinks are quite strong but that night barley tasted any alcohol in my drink. My friend got nachos and was asked if he wanted to upgrade it with steak and avocado, he said yes. Needless to say ended up being $30 worth of nachos with a handful of steak bits and maybe a tablespoon of avocado, very disappointing. I felt bad for recommending it and blamed it on being a game night.Brings me to tonight all I wanted was a side of fries and a half a cookie which is my favorite. I called in the order and went to pick it up so I don't have to wait there. I got home started to eat the fries,....they were mushy and crispy on the ends like they had been sitting there all day and were put in the microwave. When I moved on to the cookie it wasn't half-baked it was raw. A pile of cookie dough in a box. When I called the restaurant to complain and asked for a manager I could not get a hold of anyone. Two phone calls later finally got someone on the line, I asked for a manager and was transferred to the Event Coordinator. Called for the fourth time finally got a hold of the manager and let him know what was going on, he offered to make me a new one if I came back which I did not want to do since I was already home. $18 for fries and a cookie and both were awful. He took my name and number and said he would have the corporate office call me back so we will see how that goes. In conclusion this restaurant has gone downhill and every time I go food gets worse. I should have gone to Walmart and got cookie dough and a bag of fries and it would have been better than what I got.
3	My girlfriend and I came here after watching a hockey game nearby. The food was really good - we ordered the wings and the spinach queso dip. The bartender wasn't super talkative which is kind of a turnoff for me. I don't like someone who won't shut the hell up, but I don't like bartenders that lurk around like a stalking butler either. I saw a couple of people try their luck with the mechanical bull they have and that is always a good laugh. One of the employees decided to hop on and give the bull a ride, please let me emphasize RIDE. Small children close your eyes, and boyfriends and husbands alike, prepare to get slapped just for looking in her direction. This girl rode the bull like  sea biscuit. It was like something straight out of a strip club. Now, I'm no prude, but she was downright raunchy. Gross!
1	My lord, is this place awful. Stumbled in here with some co-workers, and I will never be returning. The hostess was a rude, rachet little girl who had zero **** to give abiut doing her job. Then the bartenders ignore us all night even thiugh we are wracking up a huge bill. I try and tip $20 as a sign of good faith, and that leads to longer waits while the bartenders joke around in back. Then a meathead security gaurd tells us we have to sit down or leave. I'm sorry, so there is no standing in your bar? What a joke. Avoid this smelly (yes, it smelled like feet) dump at all costs. There are so many better establishments in Westgate. THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!
4	Great food & people. Gotta a ride the bull while you are here. The sweet potato fries are yummy but stay away from the sweet potato fries. It comes with marshmallow..Gross!  I love the gin dirty martini..soooooo good!
2	So unimpressed.  Restaurant was FREEZING inside & our server was much more worried about the tables of young guys than she was with getting our order.  We ordered burgers & chicken strips.  Chicken strips tasted like frozen Tyson strips. Burger was way over done. Never came to check on us & just dropped off the check.  Food was WAY overpriced for what it was. We will not be returning.
4	We were down from Boise for the Fiesta Bowl. Came here for dinner and then came back to spend New Year's Eve. Staff and manager were attentive even in the crazy party atmosphere. Drinks were fairly priced and the food was very good. Don't forget to ride the bull when you come visit!
4	We came here for the Fiesta Bowl and after the game for New Years Eve.  It was packed - but still the service was better then what I thought it would be for being so crowded.  I been here before, so new what to expect.  Love coming here before football games.  Always good sevice, great location, I got heir wings and chicken quesadilla and was pleased.  Will be back for the Super Bowl.   I didn't think the price was costly for the food - and while it was New Years' Eve - I was disappointed that our group had to pay $25/person to just come in to eat dinner.  I know they had a DJ performing later - but $25.00 to just come in and eat seemed pricey - and although I could of left and went somewhere else - I didn't - and I knew about the charge up front - so I can't blame them for it.
1	DO NOT EAT HERE!I came on my anniversary of all days, because I'm new to West-gate and nothing late on a Thursday night sounded appealing. I have been to the Scottsdale location once many many years ago and it was appetizers and drinks no food. This time was ATROCIOUS.Let me begin by saying I was with my 15 month old son, and Husband, and I understand children can be loud and messy and sometimes annoying. However, My son is very well behaved at restaurants and we have been taking him out since he was born with no issues or complaints. That being said, when we got seated they stuck us in the back by the kitchen door....UMM No I do not think so....I immediately said something, mind you this place is DEAD they had maybe 5 tables spread throughout with customers. There was absolutely no reason we should be shoved in the corner by the kitchen door. After being seated in the middle in a more comfortable area. We ordered an appetizer and a cocktail for me and a ice tea for my husband. My drink was  WEAK, this 14$ cocktail tasted like juice with a splash of vodka. I wanted to complain but my husband is against it. Also my menu was dirty it had food all inside it. We ordered the 3 hummus platter, when she brought it out she dropped our pita on the ground, It took 30 minutes to get the pita....ITS F**** PITA I am a CHEF it takes 2 second to make pita, you warm it up!!! I was fuming by then.We ordered kid sliders for the baby, steak myself and a pork chop for the hubby, he got a potato and veggies i got the sweet potato casserole with veggies. Lets just say my meal was 25.99$ and my steak was so tiny I couldn't believe my eyes..........this was the cheapest steak on their menu but i really was the size of a Lime!! I ordered it Medium rare it came out medium well with SWEET POTATO FRIES! I SAID CASSEROLE TWICE.  Not to mention the pita FINALLY arrived and it was hard. My sons burgers where so OVER COOKED THEY WERE LIKE ROCKS!!! HE COULDN'T EVEN EAT THEM. I was so upset....But my husband the peace maker who never wants to make a scene didn't want me to complain. I was fuming by now. Our waitress took forever for everything, she never asked if we needed anything, i had to wave her down to get ketchup and ask why i didn't get the casserole. I got the casserole when we were leaving so i asked for it to go. they gave us free cotton candy and a F*ing BILL OF 100.00$ I.....will NEVER EVER go back. This place has the shittest cooks, mediocre waiters and just overpriced food. Go eat at Red Robin, or Rocket Burger or anywhere else but here!!
