5	Rick at Carpet Monkeys was very professional. I called looking for a last minute appointment, and he was able to accommodate my request. He gave me a specific time he would arrive, and he did so promptly. He walked through my house, took a look at the areas I needed cleaned, and let me know what it would take to get them done. The whole process took about an hour. My carpets look great! They are an off white, and I've got two cats...a bad combination normally, but after Rick, they look brand new. Thanks Carpet Monkeys, I'll be sure to recommend you guys!
5	Don't waste your time calling anyone else!  Rick is AMAZING!!  I was moving out of my rental house and needed to have the carpets professionally cleaned.  I have a large dog and a toddler, needless to say the carpets were a wreck!  I called a few places for over the phone estimates. Rick from Carpet Monkeys was very professional, incredibly friendly, and had the best price.  Once we found out he was a Marine veteran we decided to give him a try.  He showed up on time and ready to go.  I was AMAZED at the quality of work he did!!!  My carpets looked brand new!  I had carpets cleaned by another company years ago, I thought they did a decent job, but once the carpets dried I quickly realized ALL the stains were back.  NOT THIS TIME!  The carpet looked just as amazing dry as when they were wet!  I can't thank Rick enough for the hard work and fantastic job on our carpets.  My landlord was very impressed as well, even mentioned they looked better than when we moved in!
5	Rick did an amazing job the carpet and also the stairs. Looks brand new, took out the dog smell and the mess me and my kid make. He is fast, friendly and professional, the holy trinity of service. Came here on time and didn't mess around just got straight to work. Super impressed definitely gonna use him again.
5	Honestly the best carpet cleaning job I've ever had! Rick is so polite and efficient, he did our entire upstairs, on time, did such an amazing job!! He got big stains out that we couldn't and helped us get our money back for our deposit on a rental, no worries at all!...if you need any services go to Carpet Monkeys!! You won't regret it.
1	give him a good review he will give you money off the cleaning! Great deal !!!
5	He was in & out within 30 min. Carpet was cleaned well & looks great. What he quoted over the phone is what i paid. No extra charges or hidden fees. Will use again in the future
5	Our carpets were Trashed! Rick came thru and cleaned em up real nice,resulting in us getting back our full deposit. Thanks so much! We will definitely be recommending this service to our friends..
5	Called him on a Sunday .. Yelp showed that he was closed but I tried anyways...  Sure enough Rick got back to me and got here in a couple hours.. Maybe less.., obviously that's dedication. He's a genuine hard working neighborhood fellow that showed great integrity and pride in his work. Four kids alone can explain what the carpet looked like... Not including ordinary wear & tear...  End results.,  carpet looked GREAT! He will be hearing from me from now on! ~~
5	Excellent service! Rick is friendly, professional , and generous. Quick service and quality results. I had a few stains in my carpet I was worried about and when the job was done the carpet looked brand new. He was even kind enough in assisting me move some furniture! I definitely recommend Carpet Monkeys!
5	Top notch service.I found this company because they were cleaning the carpets of the home we had just purchased.   While he was there I scheduled an appointment for him to do the home we were moving out of.He was 2 for 2.  He called to confirm appointment, was friendly and courteous, price is competitive, showed up on time, and the carpets looked amazing.  He did this circular pattern with the cleaner that made the carpets look better than they ever had before.   Simply the best carpet cleaner I ever used.
4	Rick very professional, friendly and knowledgeable.  He did a great and I would highly recommend Carpet Monkeys.
5	Rick came out on short notice and did an excellent job on my filthy carpets.  They turned out better than I thought they could.  I highly recommend giving him a call if you need your carpets cleaned.  On top of that, he was very personable and professional.
5	I called Rick (owner) on a Monday and he was able to come out the very next day. He was extremely polite and did an excellent job. I will definitely use Carpet Monkeys again. Highly recommend!
5	Just moved out of my condo and needed to clean my carpets per the lease agreement.  Shopped around for prices.  Called Carpet Monkeys up.  He had the best price and he did a superb job.  The carpets had stains on them, were matted down - for a couple of years, and I was worried that no one would be able to get them looking right again.  He did the job.  No stains and the carpet was standing up.  Highly recommended.
5	I am very happy with the service.  My carpets were extremely dirty and Rick did a great job of getting them clean.  I live in a rental, or I would have ripped the carpets out!  Great service and a great price.
5	I just had my carpets cleaned by Rick, and he did an AWESOME job. My living room was badly matted down and stained, and he used extra muscle and a deep scrubber without charging me any more than was quoted over the phone. He was friendly and polite, arrived when expected, and finished in a timely manner. The carpets look great, and I would absolutely recommend him to my friends and family. His pricing was competitive, AND he was able to fit me into his schedule quickly. I am definitely a lifetime customer. Thank you, Rick!
5	Soooo...My carpet was ruined by pet urine & random stains & Rick, the owner/worker, did an amazing job getting all of it out. My carpets look brand new! & he gave me an affordable price as well. My last carpet cleaning cost me over $200 for a small one bedroom apartment & when I was searching for carpet cleaners everyone quoted me insane prices without even looking at my apartment. I'm so thankful I found Carpet Monkeys. Definitely coming back. Rick did a fantastic job & I definitely recommend this company.
5	I found Carpet Monkeys through Yelp.  There is no monkeying around here just strictly business. Rick does it all. He made the appointment, came on time, cleaned the carpets and my carpets look wonderful!
5	Omg...Rick was great he was very professional and had my carpet looking new by the time he left....he is very price friendly and does an awesome job,will definitely use carpet monkeys again!
5	If you're looking for an honest, hard working, affordable and reliable carpet and grout service than Rick is your man! Rick always goes out of his way to provide helpful hints that will save you money in the future and preserve your carpet and you never have to worry about draining your wallet but you will get great service and beautiful carpets.  There aren't many business in Vegas that can say that!  Please call Rick, you won't regret it.
5	I find it has been a challenge to find good reliable service professionals in the Las Vegas area.  I was extremely impressed with the carpet monkeys.  They are the best service provider I have come in contact with since I have lived in the area in 8 years.  Rick is extremely professional, he returned my call immediately, was very flexible when it came to scheduling, called before he came, stuck by his estimate and was reasonably priced.  Rick and crew were extremely friendly and considerate of my home. Most importantly Rick was eager for our feedback on the work he had completed and you can tell it was extremely important to him that we were a satisfied customer (which we definitely were). This means a lot. In addition, he cleaned an area rug for us at no additional charge and offered us up some of his "safe" spot remover solution so we would not continue to damage our carpet with a store bought solution.  It was an extremely professional job from beginning to end. Other service providers of business owners should take lessons from Rick. Great company! I would definitely recommend them.
5	I was able to get an appointment to have my carpet cleaned the very next day after I called! Rick was very nice and he gave me a great deal for my 1 bedroom condo.  I wasn't sure if being on the 4th floor of my building might be an issue, but it wasn't.  My favorite part about the whole process was my carpet was dry the same day instead of having to wait 1+ days for the carpet to dry.  I will definitely use this company in the future(: Thanks again!
5	Rick just finished cleaning my bedroom, hallway, and vehicle all for a super reasonable deal. I found his company on Yelp and only after calling a few local competitors first. When I tried calling other places they were giving me excuses such as "3 room min., can't offer you anything else, can't work around days off, etc" not willing to work with me on what I needed which is ONE room regardless of pricing. Rick was much more flexible. He offered for the price quoted to clean the room specifically, outside hallway area, and to give me my full money's worth he also cleaned my car. My car is not exactly new (2005) and it looks amazing!!! inside. I'll post a few photos. I had caked on stains, food traces on the mats, and other crap. It looks/smells like new. Not to mention he worked on that in my driveway in this blazing heat. Rick and his company are-MobileFlexible (scheduling)ProfessionalFelt safe (as a woman home alone)AffordableNo toxic odors left overWorks via word of mouthand does an amazing job of cleaning up. I've heard he's especially great with pet stains but I don't have a pet. I fully intend to use him as well when I move across town from Mountains Edge to Henderson. If you need your household, car interior, office, or any other carpeted space cleaned... don't look anywhere else. 5 Stars!
5	Called around for a cleaning to be done same day and most companies did not return my calls. Ended up calling Rick at Carpet Monkeys even though his schedule was booked he made time to clean my house carpet same day. 1 1/2 hours all 5 bedrooms, dining room and great room for a great deal. Professional, great service and was on time for the appointment. Highly recommend this guy Rick, owner of Carpet Monkeys and is a hard worker.
5	Called to make an appointment last week and Rick returned call promptly. Scheduled cleaning for today and he did a GREAT JOB!  Carpet LOOKS and SMELLS better than it did before. Very happy found him on YELP! The guy is a one man team and works very hard and was on his way to another job. Will most def promote Carpet Monkeys to friends. Thank you Rick!
5	Found Rick through Yelp. Carpet Monkey is the best. Ive had plenty of carpet cleaning over the years and this is one of the best. We moved out and were required to clean the carpets. So glad I found him here, Best deal and he has a unique style leaving a circular pattern on the carpet. The landlord was impressed and basically immediately stated we would be getting our entire deposit back. Straight forward, Honest business man with great pricing and high quality work.
5	**Used him for our 5th wheel toy hauler!    Wonderful company! Rick did an amazing job! My husband and I just purchased a used 5th wheel toy hauler. I cleaned it from top to bottom but the floors and furniture still felt used..... We hired Rick to shampoo it and he cleaned everything! The floors, couches, he even cleaned the cloth valances over the windows and bed frames! The trailer now looks, feels and even smells brand new! He arrived within the time limit he gave me, he was polite, professional, and extremely reasonably priced!! We were so impressed with his work we will forever use him for our 5th wheel, home, even our vehicles!
5	One word to describe Rick and his work....AWESOME! There is no need to shop around, Rick is your one-stop shop. I called, got a quote, made an appointment, Rick came and did excellent work, and I paid the quoted price.
5	I found Carpet Monkeys on Yelp and the reviews were right on. Rick was so nice, he fit me in to the schedule since it was my only day off. I needed the interior of mine and my son's car cleaned and all I can say is WOW. He did an outstanding job at a very reasonable price. Very happy with the quality of his work and his customer service. Will be calling him back for the house.
5	Rick did an amazing job on the whole house! With two small kids and a puppy he was able to get all the stains out. Was on time and the price was great. Will use carpet monkey again!
5	Rick is awesome! He did a great job on our area rug & bedroom, was available to come on the same day we called to make an appointment, & has very reasonable pricing! We will be using him again for sure!
5	Checked a couple places out before calling carpet monkeys. Everywhere else wanted to charge literally 2 even 3 times more!  So I seem great reviews and tried out carpet monkeys. Rick came by in a short amount of time after some places were weeks out till they could come Rick came in days and did a great job plus he even came back to finish the job since we were getting a piece of furniture repaired. Excellent service 5 star job. Will only use them if I need any furniture, mattress, or carpet cleaning! Highly recommend
5	Rick did an AMAZING job!! He showed up on time, was very friendly and got those deep dark stains out of my carpet! He's definitely worth every penny... And he's inexpensive compared to most!!
5	Carpet Monkeys did a great job! Rick returned my call within an hour after I emailed him and I was able to schedule my service the next day.  Rick arrived right on time and did my living room, hallway, bedroom, and stairs in 1 hour! Very fast and carpets look great.  Thanks Rick!
5	I saw Carpet Monkey on yelp so i called to get my carpets in my house cleaned. Gave me a very fair price. Im so glad I called they Awesome job came on time as promised gave a courtesy call a bit before coming to give me a heads up he was on his way. He was very professional and the job was done in just under 2 hours. I will for sure call him for my next carpet cleaning and will recommend him to all my friends. I will use them to have my rental done in the next few weeks. Great service highly recommend.
5	Rick is everything the other reviewers are saying, and even more. He is very diligent and meticulous, which is exactly what you need, when you are in need of deep carpet cleaning. He came in on time, did a lot more than it was required, and charged me exactly what he quoted me, even though the work was more that I told him over the phone. I am very happy that I've found him, and I will continue using his services in the future. Thank you, Rick!
5	If you need your carpets cleaned, look no further! Service was great, showed up on time and did a fantastic job. I was only going to get my carpets cleaned but asked about cleaning my tile too and he gave me an excellent price and did an amazing job all around! Highly Recommended! Thank You Rick and your crew!
2	I think Rick is a very nice guy, and I gave him an extra star for that. He's very courteous, and will call you back even if you don't leave a message. I was moving out of my old apartment, and my landlord asks that I get the carpets professionally clean instead of paying a cleaning deposit. Rick gave me an estimate of $79 (with the $25 discount) for a 1 bedroom apartment around 600 sq ft over the phone. Our carpet is already clean because some Asians don't wear shoes inside their house. My boyfriend is super anal so he actually cleaned the carpet using those vacuums that cleans your carpet stains from pets and others (borrowed from my parents) so it's even extra clean the week before. Then we already moved every single item out of that apartment, and my bf used a normal vacuum to clean out all the dust making it even extra clean the night before. My bf said Rick spent about 10 minutes cleaning the place, and he said, "That was the easiest carpet cleaning I've ever done." My bf goes, "is this really worth $79?" Then Rick goes, "Sorry, the company made the deal already, and I can't change it". (Note: some of the quotes may be off, but it's close)I call crap to that service, and how he couldn't be lenient on us if he's the owner. The carpet looks exact the same as it was before except it has those triangular pattern you see on the pictures. I wouldn't recommend them, and I would not call them again. Other than that, he's still a nice person.
5	Great experience! I just moved out here to Las Vegas from San Diego and found an awesome condo. The only thing was that the carpets were soiled in pet urine from the previous tenant and set in during the summer with the heat. So the smell was atrocious at best. I checked on Yelp and found Carpet Monkeys. I called them immediately and spoke with Rick. He was able to come over that day and we both looked at the situation together. He was very professional and honest and said he could take care of the situation no problem HE DID!!!Came back after he worked his magic and the smell was completely gone! I was finally able to settle in to my new place and get started with my transition out here. I would highly recommend Rick and his team to service your next carpet cleaning!
5	Rick and the Carpet Monkey team were very quick to respond to my email with a quote and negotiated a great price for me.  The day of service Rick called because some emergency work popped up.  He called to ask if he could come later in the day than scheduled, not to tell me he wouldn't be there on time.  An important distinction.  He was right on time for the rescheduled appointment and did a fantastic job on the carpet.  I have used several other services for the same home, and the work he did and the effort he put it stand out head and shoulders above the rest.  The last company I used sent out a 2 man team that put in about 1/4 the work Rick did.  Truly five start work and five star service.  I will absolutely use Carpet Monkeys again and will recommend them to anyone looking for first class results from a first class local business.
5	Carpets look great!!!! After two kids and three dogs the carpets look new again!!!!!! They came the next day and the price was exactly what he quoted on the phone!!! ( no upsale once they got to my house). He was fast and friendly!   Thanks for the great job I will use them again next time!!!!
5	Fantastic experience! Rick is the man! He was so quick and very professional. Such a friendly guy and if you need your carpets cleaned he is your man.
5	The owner came and did my carpets. We had just purchased a condo and the carpets were pretty bad and smelled of  cigarette smoke.  Carpet Monkeys came on time and went right to work. I was impressed with how clean the carpets came out. I would use them again and I am going to have them do my son and daughter-in-laws carpet as a gift to them.
5	I worked with Rick back in August when I moved out of my previous apartment.  He was responsive, flexible on time, and he did very very nice job on the carpets.  The carpets looked better than they did when I moved in - amost brand new!The pricing was very reasonable as well - I was in a 3 bedroom condo (roughly 1,500 square feet) and he cleaned all the carpets for around $150.I'll definitely be calling these guys back for future cleanings!
4	This is a late review, but hey, better late than never! I used Carpet Monkeys twice, for two different carpet cleaning jobs, and both times were excellent. Rick is very nice and professional, and was able to get dreadful black stains out of our beige carpet! I thought it would take a couple of carpet cleaning sessions to accomplish that, but Rick did a deep clean and the stains came right out!  I will definitely use Carpet Monkeys again in the future.
5	Carpet Monkey did a great job, very nice and professional.  I will be using them again for sure!!
4	Carpets looked great. Had some high traffic areas that were black. They did a deep cleaning and restored them to original color. The only thing that sucked was that there was a old wet dirty dog smell after the job was done. Other than that, Good job. Also they were on time and the prices were pretty good.
2	Overall service was not good including no shows, late returns and "redo" cleaning.Services were carpet cleaning and duct cleaning:Rick had a total can do attitude and worked hard to please which gained him an extra star.  *  Summary:1.) They did not show up on day requested and I wasted an entire Saturday waiting until  4PM.  Showed up late on the other 2 days they came.2.) Rescheduled the next day but they could only do the half the job,carpets, and not the ducts.3.) Carpets were not in great condition so it was redone when the ducts were done Tuesday4.) 5 days between when I moved my furniture and was able to move it back in - Saturday furniture out - Wednesday furniture in.  Slept on a couch.....*  Details:Moved furniture out on Saturday and job was not complete until Tuesday at 9:30PM so furniture was not back in until the next day:1.) Called Friday from work and booked for Saturday, great job on availability2.) Saturday came and I moved all of my furniture out for floors to be cleaned.  Arrival quote was a 2 hour window.  Time window came and went without a call.  Apparently there was an attempt to contact me the day of appointment to confirm but they called my work number and of course I was not there.  They went on to the next job. I accept some responsibility because maybe I should have ensured they had my home number. Rescheduled for Sunday and gave them my cell number.3.) On Sunday they were late and I called.  They were running behind, which is ok but there was no call.  They arrived and said they could only do the carpet cleaning but I had to wait on the ducts.  Once again, sure no problem.  After 6 hours the carpets were dry but crunchy.  I vacuumed a 12' x 16' area and pulled up a lot of dirt and hair, I am linking a photo.  I was told there would be a lot of hair because I have a dog and cat, but there was a lot of dirt as well.  Rick said he would do it over no problem but not until Tuesday when we do the ducts.  Keep in mind I am sleeping on a couch since Saturday because all the furniture was moved..4.) Tuesday comes and they were late again, about an hour.  Suppose to be here at 6:30 but arrived at 7:30.  They did the ducts, but I have 2 AC units.  They turned on 1 unit and did the whole house.  I heard Rick telling his employee that it is useless to do the ducts without having the unit fan on.  Then I said I have 2 units and only 1 was on and he said it is ok they got it all....  They were obviously rushing close to the end because they were not done until after 9:30.* Also there was one duct that was hanging off in a room where all the furniture was piled.  I said no problem I could do it.  Screws were stripped and I had to buy new screws.Sorry for dissertation but would I use their service again, no.  I understand what it is to be busy but at some point you have to say no to more jobs.  Thanks.
4	We had them out to clean our carpets this past week and they did a great job. The carpeting hadnt been cleaned in about 1 1/2 yrs. so it was nice to have them turn out like new again. They were courteous,showed up on time and did the job in a reasonably fast amount of time. I am going to have them back to clean my grout too.I would recommend Carpet Monkeys to my friends.
5	These guys did a great job on the carpets in my apartment. They even had to deal with my crazy, disorganized HOA, but still got the job done. I'd recommend them to anyone wanting their carpets cleaned.
5	Rick was super nice and accommodating. Did a nice job, reasonable price, and the carpet looked new and was soft like original. Most carpet cleaners I have used in the past leave the carpet feeling thick from chemicals and a smell that lasts for days. Would definitely use them again. Thanks Carpet Monkeys of Las Vegas!
5	Extremely happy experience! These guys have their stuff together.  They came out and gave an estimate an hour after calling. Set up an appointment for a few days later and they showed up on time and did the work super fast and did a good job! Oh, and the price was very nice!  Mahalo Carpet Monkeys!
5	This guy is great. Super nice and even accommodated me when we were running late. We had a big sectional coming out of storage into our new house and our movers were awful, but he came a little later to clean it for us. It had been in a house we had rented to friends who had a filthy dog there without asking us, but he got all of the gross dog smell and fur out of it. We also had another couch that our cat had peed on that I was going to just throw away, but he wanted to give it a try. I didn't think there was any way he could get that out, but he did. I'm very particular about my house being clean and he was very understanding about me asking a hundred times if he could smell anything. He actually treated everything with enzymes and then came back a few days later to steam it because he thought it would work better that way, all for the same price he quoted me initially. I will definitely be calling him when it's time to do our carpets.
5	I called them last week and they squeezed me in. They did a great job on a beat up carpet. The job they did was so good that I got my whole deposit back from my landlord as all he could say is how great the carpet looked after six years and the smell of it was fresh. Thank you Carpet Monkeys
5	Wonderful job. On time. Personable and price reasonable. Will use Rick again and again !
5	Excellent service, rock bottom pricing, and the owner is a hardworking, friendly and dedicated professional. I had my recently purchased 2200 sq ft home completely restored using Carpet Monkeys, including carpets, grouting, tile floors and countertops. I followed his advice and went for the Power Scrubber option as my carpets were heavily soiled due to the previous owners pets and neglect. He pre-treated the carpets on Sunday and came back on Tuesday to finish the job, per our agreed schedule. We nearly opted to replace everything but using this company saved us a bundle. Couldn't be happier. Thanks again, Rick!
5	Carpet Monkeys get your carpet clean unlike several other carpet cleaning companies in the Las Vegas area. After they cleaned my carpets the first time I knew I'd never use anyone else again. I had a very sick dog that I found that had vomitted yellow stomach bile and diarrhea (excuse the graphic description but it's relevant to talk about what type of stains were removed) on my light tan carpet that I thought would be stained for sure and Rick got every last stain out COMPLETELY! Absolutely no evidence of vomit on the carpet!I've used him at least 10 times now and there hasn't been 1 stain he hasn't been able to get out completely.He also does excellent carpet repairs if your carpet gets a hole!
5	They did a great job on our carpets! They cleaned some stains I couldn't remove with my own carpet washer. I called Rick and he scheduled me in really quick and was on time.
5	I own my own carpet cleaning company here in Dallas and needed a carpet cleaner in Las Vegas. I called Carpet Monkeys to set up a cleaning for my wife's mom and dad's house since they now live in Las Vegas. Talked to Rick and he got them scheduled and told me not to worry he would take good care of them. My hats off to Carpet Monkeys they did a amazing job! My wife's mom called and said they were on time and did a fantastic job. If you need your carpets cleaned I recommend you give Rick a shot he is very professional and his pricing was by far the best in Las Vegas. Thanks again Rick!!
5	What a name for such a serious company. They don't monkey around, at all, total professionalism. They did 1,900 sq ft of tile and some carpet work and I can't even start to say how pleased I was. I'm not saying they are perfect but, I will say they are the best out there. Any problems or questions were handled in a true professional manner. It did not matter what your concerns were, they were happy to handle it. I would not say I might use them again because in my life I have no room for any one but these guys. With four homes, some rentals,  I've used a lot of different companies so, I can say, use anyone else and you just waisted your money.
5	I called the gentleman on new years day  to try and get my carpet cleaned the next day. he said he could do it the following day between 3 and 5. he showed up on time and was ready to work. i had a lot of pet stains and he was able to get all of them out. will do business with him again. reasonably priced
5	Carpet Monkey of Las Vegas is great.  Called them up and they showed up the next morning.  I had not steam cleaned our carpets for over 7 years.  How it builds up, that I didn't even notice till Rick came and cleaned it.  Carpet Monkeys over delivered.  I will definitely recommend this company for the superior work done.  Thanks Carpet Monkeys!!
5	Rick was very knowledgeable and Tyler was a great companion. They did really well with the carpets and it was done lightning fast. They were super nice and before you know it; Bam! It was clean!
5	I couldn't believe the difference after Carpet Monkey came and cleaned!  It was like having a brand new carpet!  He even went over part of the stairs twice to ensure a thorough job.  Rick thought he might be late because of some traffic issues and communicated this with me on the day of the scheduled cleaning which was greatly appreciated... and he still made it with in the time window he told me!  I will definitely be using this service again.
5	They came on time and did a great job.  Price wads very reasonable and didnt try to upsale anything  Will Def use them again. Thanks guys!
5	I had called many carpet cleaning companies and each time they diverted from the cost that they were advertising.  I took a chance with Carpet Monkey based on the reviews here and was not disappointed.We had them out to handle the downstairs of our home, and was so pleased with their service, we had them out the following Saturday to do the upstairs.  Rick not only came on time, but called to tell us when he would be over. I would highly recommend them.
5	My carpets had not been cleaned in a year and half  because I figured they were a lost cause.   I was tired of spending a lot of money only to have the same dirty carpet after the "cleaning."   Deciding I couldn't stand them any longer, I read all the great reviews on Carpet Monkeys and thought I'd give them a try.  Rick came out and gave me a very reasonable estimate.  He was pretty confident that he could get them noticeably cleaner.  He applied a deep cleaning treatment that day and came back the following day to finish the cleaning.  I have never seen a carpet company work so hard to do a thorough job.  The carpets were not soaking wet when he left like other companies have left them and he charged me the original quote.  I am very pleased with how clean they are.  I can't say that they look brand new, but Rick definitely bought me a couple more years with them.  I will not use another company again.  I highly recommend them!
5	Rick was very professional and courteous, as was the other gentleman that came with him to help clean our carpets. We are renting, and after Carpet Monkeys cleaned our carpets they looked even better than when we moved in. They were even able to completely erase a few stains made by my darling dog who had some GI issues all over one of the bedrooms one day when we were out. As a bonus, the price was amazing! The price he quoted us was 55% of the quote that the other local carpet cleaner quoted us, which is why I chose him, and he charged exactly what he quoted - no hidden charges. I highly recommend Carpet Monkeys.
5	A friend referred me to Carpet Monkeys. I checked out the reviews on yelp.com. Read a lot of great reviews. So I gave them a try.  Excellent work! I was extremely satisfied with their service. Rick and his partner were very professional! Arrived on-time and stayed true to the price I was quoted over the phone. There was NO upsell BS. My carpets look good as new! Satisfied customer! Well definitely use them again in the future!
5	Fast and friendly service!  Don't even hesitate when deciding who to call to get your carpets cleaned!  Rick and his crew are the absolute best!!! Very reasonably priced and excellent results!
5	My home was a rental i was moving out looking for a carpet guy to clean to save my deposit i was happy with my service Rick showed up did the two rooms i needed and went above and beyond my expectations with a quick run over the whole place if you need a carpet cleaned my suggestion is you call this guy great job......
5	Rick did a good job and went out of his way to help us out. If you want the company that's going to go the extra mile then Rick and the carpet monkeys are who you should call. Thanks again Rick!
5	Great service! Rick was very professional and did an amazing job on the house! I have three kids and two dogs and the carpet looked like it, but after he cleaned them it was even cleaner then when we had moved in! Will definitely use him again!
5	I called carpet monkey because we had terrible pet smells in our carpet from the previous tenant. Rick is very friendly, can out to our house quickly, was on time, professional and knew his stuff. He won't waste your time or money. Highly recommended!
5	Rick did a really good job. He called prior to coming to verify that I was at the location and to let me know that he was on his way. He arrived on time. He performed the work in a professional and timely manner. His charges for the service were competitive.Overall I am very satisfied. The carpets turned out great.
5	Awesome service. Great price. Honest, Fair, and Great service hard to find. Thanks again
5	My son got sick this weekend in four different spots on my tan carpet, I had s fit when I first saw it do to the fact he had drank red soda which was now on my floor....I called Rick Sunday and he was at my house Monday and was able to get those red spots out and had my carpet looking brand new again.....
5	Rick is amazing. He arrive on time. He is an honest man and a very fair man. I will never go anywhere else. I am very satisfied.
5	Rick is amazing to work with.  I found him on Yelp and he not only lived up to the good reviews, he surpassed them.  He is now my go to guy.  Our carpets were clean and fresh smelling.  He has saved us from having to buy new carpeting.  Thanks, Rick!
5	Did a great job!  Arrived on time, great price and was able to get the carpet in my office clean which I was not sure was going to be possible.  Highly recommend and will use them again when I need my carpets cleaned.
5	Carpet Monk or Monkeys...this guy provided unequivocal satisfactory service. I use Rick couple days ago with his busy schedule and he was able to squeeze in at 7 AM for our new move in tenant. The carpet was FULL of DOG shit and smell. He was able clean and it was a pretty good job. Everything is "in-line with our expectation".Sincerely,Felix Liu, Hedge Fund ManagerF. Liu, Trustee & Co.P.S. We got a $25.00 yelp referral discount too. Somebody quoted $200 and it was completed for $175.00.P.S. I don't do 5 stars but ok, this one I do.
5	Rick did an amazing job on our carpets and our sectional!!! I have hired other carpet cleaners before and they have told me they can't get out stains in the carpet or the stairs are "expensive" and not guaranteed to turn out clean. Rick removed all the stains and our house looks amazing. His prices are reasonable and compared to other cleaning companies he is the best I've seen. Thanks Rick!!
5	With all the reviews and name like Carpet Monkeys, this was a no brain decision.  We called him the day before and he agreed to come first thing the next morning.  He ever offered a discount and walked us through the entire process.  The carpets looked brand new afterwards - if you ever need work on your carpets, Monkey is the way to go!
5	We needed professional carpet cleaning asap due to the property manager scheduling our walk through early. Within 4 minutes of a phone call, we knew exactly how much it'd be & was able to have them clean our carpets 2 days later. $165 for our 4 bd rental home with the Yelp discount. Everything with the owner Rick was straight forward, simple, not over priced, professional, & real quality work! It was like brand new carpet. Definitely will be a regular customer. Thanks Carpet Monkeys!
5	Rick was absolutely awesome. He showed up on time and did what I consider an exceptional job. He cleaned nooks and crannies no one ever cleaned before.  He was very professional and meticulous. I HIGHLY recommend him.
5	Rick was awesome!!! He came and get the job done. I'm so glad we found them.  Our sectional was cleaned with 90% of dog hair removed and bad odor was lifted after Rick was done cleaning them. I feel like we just bought a new sofa and area rug. Rick even asked us to inspect his job to make sure we are satisfied, and we are very please with his work. Definitely recommend them to everyone and use them again in the future.
5	I had a busy week coming up with multiple guests coming into town the next day. It totally slipped my mind to remember to book a carpet cleaning appointment.  I called Rick and he was able to squeeze me in on the next day...first thing in the morning!  He definitely saved my week from my mothers complaints about my dirty carpets. I didn't think anything couldve removed the stains I had, but he worked some magic and even let me throw in my microfiber sofa cushions. Everything looked brand new once he was finished!  I couldn't have been more satisfied with his work. It was amazing.  Highly recommend!!!
5	Rick is a man of his word. He did an excellent job cleaning the carpets in our new home. There were heavy soil marks that I didn't think could be removed - but they are gone! It is obvious that Rick is focussed on customer service and delivering on his promises. His pricing is more than fair and he bent over backwards to schedule a time that was convenient for us. I will definitely be calling Carpet Monkeys again.
5	We hired Carpet Monkeys to shampoo our carpets, and they did a great job this morning.  Rick, the owner, does every job himself.  Rick was willing to do work for us in a high rise, even though he had to deal with the HOA and drag his equipment up through the building.  The other carpet cleaners I talked to either wanted to charge more for doing high rise work, or would not take the job.Rick showed up on time, was friendly and professional, did an excellent job, and charges extremely fair prices.  We suspect our landlord never cleaned our white carpets before, and they looked good as new when Rick was done!
5	Rick the owner is really nice and professional. Our carpets look great. Price was very reasonable. We will definitely be using carpet monkeys again!
5	Rick did an awesome job on my carpets! I will definitely call him back next time I need my carpets cleaned. He was prompt, polite, and reasonably priced!
5	Fantastic!
5	My carpets were in dire straits and I wasn't happy with the last company I'd used. I checked yelp and went with Carpet Monkeys. I'm SO glad I did! I called, Rick scheduled around my timing, I even changed days at the last minute, and he showed up as planned. He is amazing! Professional, on time, hard working, and easy to get along with. I am so happy with my carpets! And, if you're looking for fair and competitive prices, this is your man! You can not do better than Carpet Monkeys!
4	I was very pleased with this company. with 2 dogs and 2 kids my carpet was a disaster. I even thought of replacing the whole carpet for a new one. But then I found carpet monkeys and gave them a try before spending a lot of money on replacing my carpet. Glad I went to them, my carpet look just as new. Thank You carpet monkeys!
5	Rick has cleaned my loft twice now. The first occasion was a vomit stain from one of my Fraternity brothers (deep purple from an Acai wheat beer mixed in there) and Rick was able to fit me in the following morning for the sake of emergency. Rick was able to remove the stain without need of pre-cleaning the carpet or charging me for a full service.  On the second occasion, I called Rick and explained I had a few stains from juices and dog accidents. Rick came out the same day and gave me an estimate on the stains. Further, Rick noticed a patch that my girlfriend's dog had chewed out of the carpet and offered to fix it for a reasonable price. I had not anticipated that he would offer this service, but in hindsight I am very glad he did. Rick was able to get all of the stains I had specified, as well as everything else, with a full carpet cleaning and some spot treatments. My 1600 sq feet of carpet look pristine, and I couldn't be happier. I can not recommend Carpet Monkey enough and will continue to use their services as long as I reside in Las Vegas. Thanks Rick!-Kelly & JJ
5	Update: after 20 days our carpet still looks amazing. With other company's the stains would always reappear. We had dog pee stains all over the downstairs carpet and now the carpet looks almost new!!
5	Rick cleaned my carpet today and did an excellent job.  I called him to schedule an appointment on a Friday and he was able to squeeze me in the following Monday.  He gave a two-hour time frame and called 30 minutes before arriving.  He was fast and did an excellent job.  Most of all, he charged a very fair price.  I will definitely use Carpet Monkeys again in the future.
5	Rick got in there, rocked my 900 square foot apartment, and finished up in an hour. It looks better than it did when I moved in. He even got out the stains from my hair dye experiments and my cat's less than exemplary behavior. Excellent!!
5	My son got sick a fee weeks ago with a stomach virus and threw up everywhere, I was so over whelmed.  Called Rick and he fit me into his busy schedule and did such a great job and with great customer service!!! Thank you so much!!! I have been telling everyone if they need a carpet guy, he's the guy.
2	Call Wed to make appt for Sat. Rick agreed 4-6 pm and price was fair though I was more concerned about good service than price. Call Sat am to confirm and Rick did not have me scheduled. He rearranged his jobs to make it at 3. Came on time though only hubby was home. Hubby called hour later to say it looked good and they were done. However when I got home I wasn't so happy. You could tell it was a quick job just to get it done. You can see where some areas were missed by the extractor and no effort was put into getting stains out of certain areas. Rick said he was too busy due to growing pains, I appreciate him trying to make up for the forgotten appointment but not worth the loss of quality cleaning. Will be calling for a do over next week. Will update if that happens.
5	Once Rick heard my complaints he apologized and came back to redo the carpets. Great job! A good sign of a reputable company is their follow up and Carpet Monkeys proved their worth.
2	I was all set to give them a 5 star review until I noticed a problem this morning. Rick hooked his equipment up to my hot water heater and turned the water on at the spicket at the bottom of the heater. When he did this he broke the handle that turns it on/off and didn't bother to tell me. When I opened that closet this morning to put something away the floor was flooded as the water was not turned off all the way. Its so dishonest to break something and then conceal it. I could have easily fixed the handle. Now I have water damage in my closet. As far as the carpets go he did a fantastic job. Its too bad that great job got skunked by dishonesty.
5	Rick was amazing! He was professional and worked around our moving schedule. Not only did he give a great price but he was very infomative on what we should do about treating our carpets to get rid of the cats issues the previouse home owners neglected. We will not only recommed him to others but will use him again.
5	Rick has magical super carpet cleaning powers. I have white berber carpet which is not conducive to two children and a messy husband. Our carpet was destroyed and pretty much black in certain high traffic areas. He came and said he needed to do a spray the day prior because it was quite dirty. The following day, I had an improptu work meeting and was not able to meet him at my home, so we rescheduled for about a week later.He came over yesterday afternoon and I was completely amazed just watching him clean my carpet. First he power scrubbed with a sweet brush that already made a HUGE difference, but then he steamed it and WOW! It looked brand new! My once grey/black carpet became white again. I was seriously amazed. After such a terrible experience with my prior carpet cleaner, where it was soaked for 5 days and didn't look ANY better, I didn't think my carpets could ever be clean again. He even did my area rug and stair case and worked tirelessly until all the spots were out. He did not skip one single thing and blame it on the dirtiness of the carpet (which he could have several times). After 3 trips out to the house, and adding in additional services, he still gave me the price he quoted over the phone, so I had to give him a nice tip for being so generous. I am ecstaticly happy to have found Rick and will definitely be calling every 3 months to keep my carpets white.
5	Beyond happy with The Carpet Monkey's service per usual. With old set in stains from a previous tenant in my rental home, I was relieved when Rick and his very nice helper were able to get it much cleaner than I ever expected. It was done in a very timely fashion for a very reasonable price. Would highly recommend if you are looking for good service, price, and customer service.
5	Rick was very accommodating and punctual. He got red paint out of my white carpet that had been there for over 2 weeks. Awesome work.
5	Rick did a great job on the carpets. He was fast, friendly and went out of his way to work with me under some challenging circumstances at the building I was moving out of.
5	I am suspicious that they replaced my stained carpet with brand new carpet while I was running an errand but I have no proof of said accusation other than the seemingly brand new carpet in my home. A search of their truck and the surrounding areas was fruitless ;-)Aside from the quality of their work. I was greeted by two employees Rick and Dante. Both had a similar polite hardworking disposition. I couldn't be more satisfied with the work and the excellent customer service.
5	Rick was accommodating to our schedule and needs. Not to mention, he was respectful of our property, polite and professional. He called when he was 30 minutes out and was on time. He did an AMAZING, AMAZING, AMAZING JOB on our carpets and our furniture (recliner, reclining sofa and love seat set)! Highly recommended.
5	My dogs - normally wonderfully behaved, absolute sweethearts - have a tendency to channel their inner stupid and forget how to use a doggy door the second a drop of rain hits the ground. As you may imagine, the rainy season here in Las Vegas makes for many frustrated moments at our house! Dante came out today and did an absolutely wonderful job on our loft and stairs. The house carpet smells fresh and clean and looks brand new. He even came early and freed up two hours of my afternoon! I will definitely use them again. Thanks for the spectacular service!!
5	@@@@@STOP RIGHT HERE@@@@@@ Quit looking for a great carpet repair and best carpet cleaning company of Las Vegas. Rick is a true business owner and takes pride on what he does, above and beyond! Yup,  he repaired a nasty carpet damage (see pics) and made it look like nothing ever happened! The carpet cleaning products he uses are top of the line. He also offers special detail cleaning for all those stains that always show up after few weeks from  getting the carpet shampoo done. He's got OCD. So make sure he's got plenty of space to work and trust me, will never call any other carpet cleaning company ever again. Let's give business to our city,  Rick: best wishes with your company, many success! Hard working family man!... :)  CALL HIM right now. Really. . . Now!
1	Ok first the positives. Rick got my carpet pretty clean. He did an amazing job scrubbing my epoxy garage floor which was stained with oil and dirt and hot tire pickup. And let me say Rick is a nice guying trying to do his best.But this guy is almost useless at this point. This probably happens to a lot of vendors who get good reviews on Yelp and I feel for the guy because he is self destructing due to his own success.So I had a two year tenant in my furnished house who had a dog. A big black dog that shed a lot. Carpet in one room was black. I am looking to sell this house so I was anxious to get it cleaned quickly. He fit me in during a break in his schedule, but failed to mentioned he only had about half an hour. So basically all he could do was spray for pre-treatment on the carpets and give me a quote for what was going to be a very big job. I pre-paid him $1500 in a cashiers check that same day because I wanted to have him start asap. Big mistake. Pay this dude after you are totally happy. He had the following things in his quote. Clean two carpeted rooms maybe 400 sqft, clean 2 oriental rugs, clean all the tile and grout on the floors about 1500 sqft, clean the epoxy garage 640 sqft, clean all the upholstery and leather, power wash concrete in back of the house 600 sqft. Big job, right. Any sane person would block out at minimum two or three 8 hour days for him and his assistant. Not 'ol Rick. He told me he would put me on the schedule for the work and it took four visits and power wash never completed, because he never blocked out a single day for just me, was always late, rushed, and constantly had equipment problems. For that money he could not give me one single solid day for me alone!Rick over promises and under delivers. He ruined many of my upholstery pieces. Net loss several thousand dollars. Do not use him for upholstery, tile, leather or oriental rug cleaning. Use a specialist. I should have known better. He did get some of my upholstery clean, others he absolutely ruined. One has a hole from aggressive brushing, others ripped up. Pieces have permanent wand marks in the fabric. Two of the dirtiest items, one a chaise pillow and one a couch pillow I had to have him clean many, many times. You have to watch him!If you value your time or money or want work performed professionally by a guy that does not reek of cigarette smoke, look elsewhere. Rick wants to do it all and cannot schedule his time properly or understand the limitations of a two man operation. He is overworked, improperly staffed and has broken equipment. He will park his truck in front of your garage so you cannot get out. He will drag his dirty hoses through your house and mar your walls. He is sweaty and his crew is sweaty with dirty clothes. I get it, they are doing hard manual labor. But change your shirt and use some gum if you smoke. Wear booties when you enter a home. Tidy up your clothes and look professional.Rick is getting tons of calls because his Yelp reviews are so good, but he is unable to handle the volume and needs to wake up and realize he cannot do it all. He CAN clean your carpet. Is he better than a professional company at doing this? No. All the companies use similar equipment. I manage apartment buildings so I have seen them all. He will get out stains and dirt, but isn't that what you hired him for? He is no miracle worker.He will not make your rug look like new because, hey, its not new. It will be crunchy when he is finished. It will have the wand marks you see in everyones pictures. Which is good. Because it at least it shows he passed the wand over the area. But unless you are watching him he won't do it enough times to really extract all the water and dirt. And if you have a union between carpet and tile or carpet and wood you will see the filthy water still coming out behind his wand. He WON'T keep going till that runs clear! By the way he won't do anything to protect the flow of water from going from area to area where it can ruin other surfaces.Because he is so haggard and run down from attempting to do too much, will he do a satisfactory good job only if you babysit him. I had to ask him to go over everything numerous times when there was obvious dog hair and stains. He wants to get out and run to the next call. Will he vacuum before, no way.Forget about using him for anything but carpet. He ruins upholstery. Total damage, at least $2000. Rick's offer for damage, zero!Let Rick stick to simple carpets and carpets alone. And you have to watch him, and he will be on the phone constantly scheduling new jobs while he stops working on yours. Dude get off the phone and finish the job.
5	Job well done!! Thank you Rick for making our carpets look beautiful and extremely clean! Rick arrived on time and was very professional. He strives for excellence and has a passion for running his successful business. We will be sure to have Rick clean our carpets yearly. Thank you much! All the best!
5	I saw all the wonderful reviews and decided to try Rick out myself. Just had Carpet Monkeys come clean the carpets in our 2500 sq ft house. Amazing!! Punctual, friendly and efficient yet fast. Very very impressed!! I would recommend Rick and his crew any day and twice on Sunday! We had some normal high traffic wear and some more difficult kid wear - can't see a single stain now. I should have had him do my tile while he was here, but, that just gives me a reason to have them back and give another rave review!!! Thanks guys!!!
5	I meant to write a review and forgot, so this is a very late post. They did an amazing job on our carpet. The owner gave us the yelp discount without even asking. We had some tough stains from our disobedient puppies and he recommended leaving the cleaning solution on for a few days, them he came back and cleaned it at no extra cost. Very professional, courteous and friendly. And it was quite a bit cheaper than the other places I called. Great company, we'll use them very time!
5	This is the second time I've used Rick and Carpet Monkey.  The first time they came by to clean an 8 year old cream colored sued couch we have.  It was getting pretty dingy as you can imagine and he restored to to practically brand new, very impressed.  So we had him come by again today to take care of the carpets at a property we just moved out of.  The carpets were a white color, so foot traffic and having a dog, really caused a lot of dirt build up after a year and 4 months at this home.  We were pretty concerned that the carpets were going to stay pretty dirty even with a good shampooing, when we moved in the carpets had been "shampooed" by another company and let's just say they were still disgusting.Well Rick/Carpet Monkey did an amazing job today and they came out amazing.  I remember he said to me that he was pretty leery about this job before he did it, as to how bad the carpets looked.  Well we will be calling him again when we need him and referring him to all of our friends.Not only is he professional but also very friendly - at this point I see no need to go through any other option for carpet/furniture cleaning in Las Vegas.  Do your self a favor and stick with this locally owned and operated business that's going to give you your money's worth.
1	This is an update to a review that I wrote on June 16, 2014.  As soon as I posted the 2 star review Rick called me and horrified that damage had been done to my property and GAURANTEED  he would make it right. I was headed out of town so we agreed to meet up on my next trip there over the 4th of July. He kept promising every day over that weekend to come to my home and fix the broken handle. HE NEVER SHOWED UP. After that he then promised to be ready to make things right when I visit over Labor Day Weekend. I texted him for an appointment yesterday and he texted back that he was going to be on vacation. THIS GUY IS A CLOWN. DON"T LET HIM ON YOUR PROPERTY AS HE WILL NOT REPAIR PROPERTY DAMAGE CAUSED BY HIS WORKERS.
5	Spoke to Rick at around 12:00pm; was able to have a couple of technicians come between 4:30-5:00pm on the same day! AND on a Sunday including me to already intrude on top of his schedule being able to squeeze me in with 2 restaurants and a UFC Gym to do. I am completely thankful! Rick and Dante are quick but truly efficient, also he added a few tips and advice on keeping the urine smell out for awhile ;) ! Thank you Rick & Carpet Monkeys! We definitely will look forward to seeing you again!
5	The owner Rick is amazing! My washer overflowed and flooded my entire apartment. There was so much water damage that pad had to be replaced in my bedroom. The cleaning of the carpet in my bedroom was so great it looked brand new! He was affordable and got the job done so fast. Very honest and efficient company leaving me confident in choosing them and never felt taken advantage of.  I highly recommend The Carpet Monkey! He even threw in my cleaning of my area rug in my living room that was also soaked from the flooding. I will definitely be using them again! 5 stars!
5	Really take pride in their carpet cleaning. Reliable and everyone is really nice. Reasonable fair rates too. Happy to have found them.
5	I originally called another local carpet cleaning company and left a message with them. They didn't even bother to call me back so I tried Carpet Monkeys. Rick answered the phone right away and got me booked to clean my downstairs carpeting. Rick showed up on time and was professional from the start. He gave me some added services (pet disinfectant) that he didn't charge me for and kept the price right at the quote. He also did not try to up-sell me. He completed the job and I must say the carpet looks great!!  I will definitely call Rick from Carpet Monkeys again.
5	The best cleaners in Vegas! They cleaned my sofa and 2 stuffed chairs, all of which had never been cleaned in the 12 years since I bought them. Rick and his assistant did a fabulous job and even called the next day to see how everything looked once it was dry. I was very happy with them and would highly recommend them to anyone.
5	So I desperately needed my upstairs game room cleaned and was very worried the stains would not cone out or the pet smells. I have had my carpets cleaned plenty times before and they never seemed to really get the job done the first time....so I was skeptical especially because of the price being so great. Rick was able to fit me in very quickly which was amazing.The gentlemen was on time and he did an amazing job. Every stain even the paint I thought for sure wouldn't come out did! The carpet smelled amazing and the price was the best!! Great company will use them for sure in the future.
5	Great service!...They were very courteous and and pleasant to work with!  It is hard to find a reputable company run by an honest person here in Las Vegas (and really anywhere).  The one thing I always try to look for is a family-owned business, because (usually) families depend on the income of their company-so they make sure they have a good reputation to continue getting business by having good customer service and making sure the job is done right,The owner of this company, Rick, is a really family man.  You can see it clearly by the way he care about his business and his customers--Case in point:There was a small issue during our service.  I called rick, and right away he felt terrible.  He came out to my house to speak to me and make the problem right.  He didn't pretend I was making something up, or accuse me of lying, or any other scam most other business owners try to pull- he came to make the problem right and more!!I am truly impressed.  The carpets were cleaned (the same as any other carpet cleaner will do--they all use pretty much the same equipment).  What it really comes down to is customer service, because there are almost always some issues when dealing with workers of any kind...WHAT MATTERS IS HOW THE OWNERS DEAL WITH THE PROBLEM!!Thank you Rick at Carpet Monkeys!!
5	We had Carpet Monkey come out and clean our three carpeted rooms and a couple of area rugs in preparation for the holidays. I called Rick and schedule a timeframe for their arrival and they were here when scheduled. Carpet Monkey sent out Dante to do the work for us and he was knowledgeable and professional. Their service was excellent and the carpets look like new and smell fresh. I will definitely use Carpet Monkey in the future and will recommend them to anyone that asks.
5	Carpet Monkeys rocks!! We had them out to our home again to clean all our carpets. Rick  sent Dante out like last time and he is amazing! Professional, friendly and he gets the work done. I felt horrible because I wasn't home when my husband paid and he forgot to tip him. He works hard and deserves a little extra for it. Maybe Rick can give him a raise!!!!! I have referred him to everyone I know with carpet and hope they love him and his work as much as we do! Thanks again guys!!!!!!
5	I rent my former home in Green Valley, and it's hard to find quality maintenance and repair services in Las Vegas from afar.  Carpet Monkeys worked with my tenants to meet their needs by splitting the job into two separate jobs at no extra charge (so they could move their furniture and get every inch of the carpets done). And he worked with me on payment arrangements too.  Very pleased with the service!
5	Came in and did a great job! Very professional with upfront pricing and correspondence. Will be using again when needed.
5	I used Carpet Monkeys to clean an area rug that had year old pet odors. I've cleaned it several times and was afraid nothing would get the smell out. The price was very reasonable and Rick was prompt. Afterward I could still detect a slight odor and called Rick. He was back the next day at no extra charge! The smell is completely gone. He even called me a few days later to make sure I was satisfied! You don't get that kind of service in Vegas. I will surely use him again and refer him.
5	I was very surprised to see a cleaning service get such awesome reviews but after doing such a fantastic job on my tile and grout floor I agree this company definitely deserves five stars! I definitely recommend using this company
5	110%. Satisfied!!!We needed the enzyme treatment for dog urine issue. It is a two visit process, because there's a 48 hr treatment in btwn time for the enzymes to do their job.The price was very reasonable and Rick is the definition of customer service!  Do not hesitate to use Carpet Monkey!  You will NOT be disappointed!
