1	Dollar needs to get their shit together. Their CSR's are rude and don't tell you everything you need to know.Basically, I made my reservation online and it said I can pay cash. When we went to get the car, the guy said he needed to place a $350 hold on a credit card. I then told him I talked to him earlier and he said that I didn't need to use a card or have a hold placed on one. Also, I would be able to pay cash. All lies. I hate you, Dolla RAC guy!Next time I ever need to rent a car, I'll go with Hertz, Avis, or Enterprise. They at least tell you everything.
1	Never ever EVER will I ever rent form Dollar again - no matter what the savings.I arrived in Vegas around 11:30 at night and it was 97 degrees.  Yup - it was hot.  So, to get to the rental car place you go OUTSIDE away from the air-conditioning (!) and stand in a huge line.  Perhaps 300 people worth of a line.  Then you wait.  You wait for a bus to take you to the rental car place.Sure, the idea of a centralized off-site location is a good one.  However, in this instance, the execution is significantly flawed.I made my reservation at Dollar based solely on price - I got a great rate of $10/day.  I will never make this mistake again.Like I said, we (meaning the hundreds of other passengers and me) arrived and at least a 1/4 of us went straight to Dollar.  So, the line was L O N G.  Guess how many agents were working?  THREE.  That was about ten not enough.Once I finally made it through the line...  There was ANOTHER line - to get a car.  It was as if they had NO IDEA that people would be renting cars.Lets do the math.  I arrived in Vegas and left the airport at 11:30.  I wasn't in my car driving towards my hotel until 1:45am.  Over TWO HOURS to rent a car.Oh, it gets better.  A flat tire.  In 107 degree heat.  They won't fix it and I (after being on hold for over an hour) don't have time to call AAA - so I fix it myself.  In a dress.  In a parking lot.Never again, people.
1	I was about to pull my hair out for waiting in line almost one and a half hours. The line was so long it went into the main hall! There was literally one or two people on duty to process the paperwork of all these people who are anixiously waiting for their rental. I had a business meeting I had to go to and thank goodness I gave myself 2 and 1/2 hrs to get to the hotel. Otherwise I would have been late! I think management should have allocated their associates better and had more people working to process the paperwork. I mean, there must be a better way. I almost went to another rent-a-car company with the exception that the other companies charged double what I was going to pay at Dollar for a last minute reservation. I did see some business people leave the line and go to another company.The savings did not justify the length of time I had to wait. So next time I might just make a reservation with another company here.
1	What a total waste of time, to save a few $$$?  Rude clerks to boot!  I booked a car on Southwest's website for pick up at the airport in vegas, and as everyone else experienced it took literally 1 hour to get thru the line, and their was only like 15 or 20 people in it!  I mean for like $2 a day more you can book another company and save grey hairs and hours of your life.  I don't know about you, but an hour of my time and stress is worth more than $2!How hard could it be to staff more clerks when it's going to be busy?  the most frusterating part is that THEY KNOW IT WILL BE BUSY BECAUSE THEY HAVE 90% of their reservations AHEAD OF TIME!  I swear the management here must be complete idiots of not really give a crap about their customers or the future success of their business.  Who ever is staffing this place should be fired immidately and replaced with anyone.  I think the any drive thru clerk at MacDonalds could do a better job !
3	Have you ever had an unexpected SH*T FIT? You know, the just out of the blue kind, where the gas is building up, creating pressure in your back door? It is building up so powerfully, you are afraid of what might happen if you tried to "let a little air out"? I had my SH*T FIT at a inopportune time. I guess there aren't many good times to have one (uh, maybe at home when nobody is around?) I had just landed at McCarran (Las Vegas) airport at 8:15 am from a 6:50am flight out of OAK. I was fine on the flight, and I was at the McCarran Rent a Car Center trying to pick up a car from Dollar to drive off for an appointment that was 2 hours away in the middle of nowhere. I rent a lot from various companies, so I am a Dollar Express member. (I didn't know "Express" coincided with body functions!) I go to the aisle to pick out my my car, put in my bags, and driving to the check out kiosk gate. And realize I don't have a contract yet, which I need. And then it happened! Excruciating pressure from my hiney. The kind that makes you panic and lose your senses!  It felt like Vesuvius was about to blow over Pompeii. What to do? Why did I have to rent a Dodge Charger? The name doesn't help!Go wait in line to get my contract? ...no...I don't think I can last! Mount St. Helens is starting to emit warning smoke in short bursts, and I can't SH*T the pants (i am wearing a jacket, tie and dress slacks for crissakes! Plus, I really don't have time for an "accidental" detour from my appointment! Where would I clean up, in the Rental Center bathroom with scores of people as my witness? Egads!)I am hoping the Magma percolating through my colon will find some temporary resting place deep within, giving me some relief until I can get this car out of the lot and go to a bathroom! But it is building, and building, like Old Faithful, and starting to give me sharp pangs of pain! OMG! I pull the car out of the check out lane, go to the kiosk, and ask if I can leave the car to the side while I "Get the Contract" I forgot. She says "oK, hurry up and go!" (ugh, did she have to say it that way!?) I scurry back to the large Rental Center looking for the Restrooms in a complete panic, wondering if the motion of my quick pace will loosen the control over my buttocks! It is like an ancient Egyptian mystery.....Riddle of the Sphincters!I am trying to solve that riddle as I walk with my knees knocking each other tightly!. Was it getting up at 4:30am?Or maybe that Grande Soy Latte I had before the flight?Maybe it was that late night spicey Pho I had last night?Oh wait a minute....! I take Mucinex for my seasonal allergies...and it is an Expectorant! Maybe mucous is not the only things it expect- to-rant out of my body? Does this mean every bodily orifice may start purging something? Will wax flow out of my ears? Good thing I am not a female, or I would be having a Tampax moment. But at least you gals have your panty liners with wings as back up! I only had my skivvies, and they were in big danger of getting some serious skid marks! I find the restroom, get a stall, and carefully manage the lava flow to avoid a catastrophic eruption that may cause a toilet bowl Tsunami!Eeww, but let's get that first burst flushed! Uh, oh no! It is a new auto-flush commode! Where the hell is the handle? No handle! Jees!I am leaning far forward trying to trick the sensor, leaning to the left or right, doesn't work! I try putting my hand back behind me and waving it  across my back.....to no avail! Wait, there is a little knob on top...yes! It flushes manually! Whew!I finally go back to Dollar, get my contract (no line!) and go back to my car and get through the check out gate. And I drive two hours to Nowhere Nevada, and make my appointment, and I didn't have to change my clothes and shower on the way.  Dollar saved my Ass!
3	Thank goodness for being an Express renter.My line only had 3 people in it vs the 20 in the lobby.My only complaint and hence the 3 stars was the car.  Now I know I didn't have to choose the one I did, but it was a mustang.  And why would I choose a PT cruiser over a mustang?  I am not mental.  So, BF and I squeezed all our luggage in just fine.  It wasn't til I was driving off that I noticed the car need a good detailing and it had 34000 miles on it.  Needed power steering fluid to boot.The attendent did mark the car up when we got back so hopefully the next group to get our fun little mustang we have a better experience.This dollar is not nearly as bad as the LAX one, so I will not complain.
1	DO NOT RENT FROM DOLLAR at McCarren airport in Las Vegas.I should have known better.  I know what happens in these new "centralized" rental car buildings.  You get huge lines, especially at the cheaper rental companies.  Of course, the rental car companies save big $$ with this arrangement: common shuttles to/from the terminal and only have to staff one rental counter for the entire airport.  But do they staff the counters sufficiently, of course not.  Late Saturday afternoon there were at least 30 people in line with 5 people behind the counter.  And of course, no one has a quick transaction.  With a reservation, the entire tranaction should take under 5 minutes....Here's my license, credit card, I dont want your insurance, I dont want to buy the tank of gas, I dont want an upgrade or GPS - please give me my contract.  Average transaction here was 15 minutes.  Needless to say, I was looking well over an hour wait.My solution - I asked some nice folks in line to watch my luggage while I walked across the lobby to National where there was no wait.  I got an on the spot rate that was only $5 more expensive.  The transaction took 5 minutes and I was out of the airport 5 minutes after that.Go National!
2	The Ford Focus we rented was fine. Crappy mileage, bare bones, but we wanted economy and that's what we got. The experience of getting it was not so good. We didn't have to wait in long lines, but the guy helping us (name starts with P, but he didn't have a name tag because he's new, so let's just refer to him as "PainInTheAss" or "PITA" from this point), was totally rude, uninterested and obnoxious. He really pushed the hard sale on the insurance, "Did you know if you don't take our coverage and the car is wrecked for ANY reason you could end up paying for it for 30 days? YOUR credit card car rental insurance coverage doesn't cover that." I kept saying, calmly, "Ok, thanks," to each new calamity presented that could befall us, and he got more and more pushy. He shoved the contract at us, never told us about how to mark if there was damage on the car and told us to go to the garage. We go, get said ugly Ford Focus, and head to check out. We get to the check out kiosk, and who is there? PITA! I ask how to mark the dings and stuff, he gives a snotty answer about filling out the form on the dash (which he didn't bother telling us about before we headed out there). So I park the car in the exit lane, nobody else can get out, grab the form, get out, and mark the car damage. He meanwhile tells my husband the California and Nevada rules on using a portable GPS. He's wrong. I then tell him the gas is on 3/4 of a tank. He says, "Oh, it's full, it just doesn't show it." I want to ask if it's full of fairy gas, but instead just say, "Well, this is what it says, so mark it." He marks it at 7/8ths, not 3/4ths. I'm not arguing, it's not worth the 5 bucks of gas. We finally roll. It doesn't get 1 star because bringing the car back was just fine, and the car had satellite radio. Mr. PITA at Dollar, you weren't nice or helpful. I hope they don't give you a name tag, you don't deserve one.
1	I'm kind of kicking myself for not reading these reviews before we rented from Dollar.  I go to Vegas about twice a year, and I've always rented from Enterprise, but they were uber-expensive this time (even with my corporate discount).  So, we used some mileage points that were about to expire to get a free rental from Dollar.Even the free cost was way too much to get a car here.  First, we had to wait in line for an hour- there were 3 employees working and every customer took at least 15 minutes.  I never saw a single smile from anyone working here.  Oh, and to entertain you while you wait in line?  Popeye cartoons from when my dad was a kid.  Ugh.As others have mentioned, once we got up there, the "agent" gave us a really hard time about the insurance.  He would not let it go until I was nearly yelling 'NO!' at him.  Here's the best part of the whole thing: when my fiance gave him his credit card, the "agent" did not believe it was a real credit card because he hadn't heard of the bank (Juniper Bank, which is indeed a large national bank- they don't have branches, they only issue credit cards).  He said he had to 'go check'- took the card in the back and disappeared for 15 minutes.  If he hadn't had the card, we would have just walked out and gotten a taxi.  When he came back, he said he couldn't take the card for the deposit!  It's a fricking Visa from a national bank!!  So, just FYI- they must only take CC's from Citibank or Wells Fargo.  I have no idea.  We ended up just paying cash to get out of there.  Which meant that when we returned the car, we had to wait in line inside AGAIN.  One other thing: to get your car, they send you out into a parking garage with no employees and you have to hunt down a car with keys in it.  Ridiculous.Ok, just all in all, these people are jerks, the service is terrible, and the PT Cruiser we drove was also a piece of junk.  Don't rent here!  Pay a little more, go to Enterprise, and save yourself a lot of frustration.  It's not worth it on vacation.
1	one New Year's resolution is to write more Yelp reviews, so here goes...Never, ever again, it's just that simple. Landed in Vegas for NYE & rode the shuttle over to the rental car center. While the car itself was fine & returning the car was a simple, quick process, actually getting the car was the absolute worst customer service ever.The line was very long. There were only 2 reps for Dollar helping customers & they were moving very slowly. At one point while waiting, 1 of the 2 reps left. When we (the girlfriend had reserved the car) finally got our turn, the guy "helping" us was basically a complete jerk.Every car rental will offer additional insurance & the full tank of gas pre-sale, but this guy raised high pressure upsell to include coercion, subterfuge, & intimidation. First, he tells us that it's $10/day more for each additional driver & that it's some Nevada state law. Fine, whatever, the girlfriend doesn't mind driving so we decline.He then tried to explain to us how her own insurance coverage somehow didn't apply in Nevada, kept repeating how she would be completely financially responsible for the car & was confrontational to every single response she made.Never, ever again. Save yourself the aggravation of wanting to punch some jerk in the mouth & stay away from Dollar.
2	The review from John M. below is quite accurate and I encourage you to read it as well We rented a car 12/30 to spend New Years in Las Vegas.  It took about 35 minutes to get the car, 20 minutes in line and 15 min at the counter.  While the Dollar customer service lady was not really "rude" she went from happy to unhappy as soon as I denied the insurance.  She kept insisting I would be liable if the car breaks down and wanted to argue with me that my own insurance would not cover me using AllState as an example.  Unfortunately for her, I do not have AllState and I pay a few $s a month for the same coverage i have on my personal vehicle to be applied to rental cars. I simply did not believe her when she told me I would be liable for mechanical break downs and I was in too good of a mood to waste my time at the counter any longer than I had too (Vegas baby!). However, if this was a business trip or if I had been by myself...I would have probably spent the extra $20 and walked over to another rental car counter.
3	Even though my dad had a previously horrible experience with Dollar, I actually had a pretty good experience. I signed up for Dollar Express and was out of there lickety split. It's like Fort Knox to get out though. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The car ran perfectly, the price as a little high around $100 for 2 1/2 days. But it was easy to drop off and everything went smoothly. I'd rent from them again. Just make sure you sign up for the dollar express first.
2	My job was suppose to provide me a company car from the Las Vegas government agency. But they ran out of their vehicles. So without making any reservations from one of many rental car companies by McCarran Airport, I picked one and chose Dollar Rent a Car. The only compact car that was available was the Toyota Prius. The fuel-efficient vehicle is only a week old with less than 300 miles. I paid $59.00 a day. Might cost a lot, but at least I don't need to drain much on gas. "Hey, I'm by myself in Vegas. You expect me to rent a Town Car or something nicer?""Nevermind, don't answer!"
1	I should have read the Yelp reviews before going with Dollar.  It was a horrible experience.   I rented a mid sized car from them a week ago for my birthday weekend in Las Vegas. DO NOT RENT FROM DOLLAR EVER.     They seemed to be the only antiquated rental agency with no self-service kioks.   I waited in line for about 45 minutes before getting a car and the staff appeared to have no sense of urgency.   In between servicing customers they disappeared in the back room for several minutes at a time while the line was growing.   Once I made it to the counter the process to get a car is quite lengthly and inefficient.  They start to ask you about your employer.  They try to do a presumptive close on the insurance level you need to buy, and when you decline they spend a lot of time explaining the liability and local rules to scare you into buying the insurance.   Everything about the process seemed inefficient and slow which explains why the line was so long.The kicker is on the car return.  I filled the gas tank up past full with the needle clearly way over full line.  I barely used any gas and it took only $3 to top off the tank and I didn't keep the receipt.  Because I had no receipt (even though the needle was way above full), they charged me another $12 for gas.   This company deserves to go bankrupt since the management structure, policies, customer-service (or lack there off) is geared towards nickel and diming wherever possible to make more margin on their cheap base rates.DO NOT EVER RENT FROM DOLLAR.
1	Do not use Dollar Rent-A-Car!!!!!!!  The agent strait up lied to me and got me to accept a pre-paid fuel option.  I was told that if i wanted, I could opt to return the car without having to refill the tank.  And, that if I chose to use this option, I would be charged a rate of $2.82/gal to fill up.  What it was really I had signed up for was 13 gallons of prepaid fuel.  I was renting the car for one day.  Why would I need this and why would he even bother to tell me about this?  To rip me off, that's why.  Dollar is one big scam, with either trying to sell you insurance you don't need or lying to you.
1	take my word for it.....do not rent from these unprofessional, moronic idiots!!! there are unforeseeable events that require for decent car rental places to extend "grace periods".....events like accidents, road blocks, emergency stops.....if you miss the deadline, not only will you be charged a whopping pro-rated rate of the original rental price (even if you rented it on a promo price) but also taxes, insurance and additional surcharges...you can't speak to a supervisor, you can't get a pulse from the ill-mannered "customer service" clerk who robotically reads you a script from his training manual ("robert"-no-last-name) and you will not feel like a valued customer!!!!go to hertz, enterprise and other courteous rental establishments with better customer service and better cars!
2	Like the rating "Meh. I've experienced better".  All the rental car companies are selling the same products but its the customer service that you receive that sets you apart.  My experience with Dollar was OK but not great.  The one REALLY annoying thing is that their customer service reps do at the air port spend a good 10 minutes of your valuable vacation time trying to up sell you.  So fricking annoying!  I booked my rental through Orbitz and I'm expecting to pay $100 for the week.  No I don't want to up grade for an additional $15 a day, no I don't need a navigation (the strip is literally 2.4 miles away), no I don't want to buy our full insurance package and NO I don't want to prepay my tank of gas for $54 when I know I'll only drive max 30 miles.BE FIRM with them because they'll do everything they can to up sell you and have you buy things you don't need.  Get me into my car and let me enjoy my vacation!!!!
1	I had rented from Dollar for years...until about a year ago.  I had my reservation in place -- and waited in line.  Once to the counter -- I was informed that I could not rent from Dollar -- due to a credit check.  I said, "but I've been using you for years"  Sorry sir, nothing we can do.  She then proceeded to give me a white note card with information about the credit check.  "Crap" I thought, what do I do know??  I need a car...so what the heck?  "Can you tell me what company doesn't do a credit check?"  No she said.  Thanks Dollar...thanks a lot.  Seriously -- not only was that embarrassing (she was rather rude and loud about it all) -- it was also not professional.  Luckily, I stumbled over to budget, who proceeded to charge me an arm and leg to rent on short notice -- but at least they rented to me.  Anyway -- rent from another place...not here!
3	So I had to rent a car last week for a week. I reserved online one of the Lock it Low fares where you get a mid sized car or larger. I also joined the reward club online as well so I would not have to wait in line.So I get there and they have NO cars ready..well they have 3 luxury cars but they dont give me one of those..they said they were rented?! WTF!I rented a car and was THERE to pick-up one.So finally after waiting about 20 minutes in the 100+heat in the parking garage I start to get upset & ask her very nicely to speak to supervisor. She comes out and viola..there is a row of SUV's wayyy in the back and I can have one of those. So I grab up a Jeep Compass and go..I would give it another star if they would have not made me wait so long..it was HOT out! But the Jeep was nice and the price I paid for it was very good. I think it was 200 for the week.
1	This is the longest rental car line I've ever been in. Dollar should notice how many reservations they have, take into account how slowly their agents rent people cars, and then make sure they have hired enough agents. By the way, all the other rental car companies have barely anybody in line. In all it took over 2 hours to rent a car and involved 3 long lines.  The first line was along line to board the shuttle to the rental car center.  Then, I waited in the longest line of all at the rental car center. Finally, when I go to the rental car lot, there was a long line.  OK, there was actually a 4th line, but it was not as bad as the other 3.  It was a line at the parking exit, where the attendant checked to make sure I wasn't stealing their car.Before you rent any car in Vegas, I recommend thinking about whether you really need the car.  You can get to and from the airport much more quickly by Taxi, and in the long run it's cheaper.  If all you're going to do is hang out on the Strip, you probably don't need to rent a car, just so you can keep it in the hotel garage the whole time.  By the way, the only reason I rented a car was because I needed it to go out of town.
1	This was my first and last time renting from Dollar. Never again! They are total rip-off artists. I've rented many cars before and never has any company ever put a $350 hold on my debit card while I was using the car! What kind of bullshit is that??? Then they talk really fast while you're at the reservations counter and try to get you to agree to all of these stupid agreements like a $48 charge just so you can return the car with any amount of gas in the tank! huh? There are so many gas stations just around the corner from the airport where you can refill at $2.99 a gallon or whatever the going rate is. And what if you're renting a car with really good gas mileage and you know you're going to use less than half a tank? Oh, and if you don't agree to the weird $48 agreement and don't return the car with a full tank, then they charge you $7.88 a gallon in gas fees.  Of course they try to scare you into getting their special insurance, etc, etc, etc. To top it off, the guy at the reservations counter has the nerve to tell me that when you return the car, you have to show your gas receipt that indicates that you filled the tank at a station within 10 miles of the airport. Later, when I returned the car, I asked the return agent if he needed the receipt and he said no and looked at me like "why would you ask me that?"Total joke. AVOID DOLLAR.
1	I just left a review for Thrifty also.  They're the same company so same crappy service.  I've rented from both...Arrived at the facility and yes there was a VERY FRICKING LONG line.  Only 2 people working behind the counter.  Waited for over 30 minutes and it's my turn.  Sounds like everybody who wrote a review had a similar if not identical experience.  Yes the agent was a jerk.  I made a reservation for a mid size.  I asked him what my choices were and he showed me cars like, oh we have a Chrysler 300,oh we have a Mustang convertible, oh we have a Sienna minivan.  I asked if they cost the same and he was like "NO you pay extra".  I made a reservation for a MID SIZE and I wanna know what my quote price would cover.  Is it that hard to understand?  Ok then he told me my price would only cover a class called "COROLLA CLASS".  The name says it all.  Toyota Corollas have its own class at Dollar.  That's a fricking COMPACT.  Not mid size ok?  When it got to the insurance part, they're very, like I mean VERY pushy.  I said I'd decline any kind of insurance or services.  I got myself covered from my insurance company and my credit card.  Then he started to asked me what insurance company am I with.  What credit card I'm using.  I told him I'm with American Family and he was like "No.. AmFam doesn't cover that.  No AmEx doesn't cover that either.  ARE YOU SURE you're really covered???"  I called my insurance agent like 3 times before the trip to confirm that and I even had a letter stating I'm covered with me at that time.  I also called AmEx to confirm and I read the card member agreement thoroughly to make sure I'm covered.  I did my homework alright?  Then that A-hole started to say things like "I've been in the car renting business for like 10+ years.  Well MAYBE you know something that I don't eh?"  THAT'S WHY YOUR SORRY AZZ IS STILL WORKING BEHIND THE COUNTER AS A STUPID AGENT AFTER ALL THESE YEARS YOU SOB!!!  And he started to say things like how I'm totally financially responsible for any kind of damage and stuff like that, in a threatening tone.  "If you got into an accident, you'll be in big trouble".  That's is not true.  I told him I don't care and just get me outta here.  FINALLY!Basically renting from Dollar Thrifty is like paying people to piss you off very badly.  Pay extra and go elsewhere.
3	I was seriously concerned about renting from Dollar after reading the Yelp reviews. I considered changing companies, but had paid as part of a package deal, and it seemed like a hassle to change late in the game. But we had absolutely no problems. When we arrived at the McCarran Airport car rental hub at around 5:30 p.m. there were 4 agents working, and we walked right up to the counter. The agent was efficient and not overly aggressive with the required upsell.We did have a problem with a couple of policies that popped up  unexpectedly. We had made the rental car reservation through Expedia with the expectation that my travel partner would be doing the driving. Dollar required a $350 credit card hold which HAD to be in the name of the driver. Since my friend had only a debit card we had a choice. Either I would do the driving, or we would have to pay the $10 per day extra driver fee. Since my friend REALLY loves driving, we opted to pay the extra $70. That, in combination with the $22 per day for the lowest available insurance option really drove up the cost of the rental above what we had already pre-paid. This was my first time renting a car for a trip, so I guess I'll just chalk it up to "live and learn."When we went to go pick out our car we found that they were out of economy, so we got a free upgrade to compact. The car (a Nissan Versa) was clean and in good working order. It also had terrific gas mileage. The stereo had an input jack, which was exactly what we were hoping for, so that we could listen to music on our iPods.Dropping off the car was extremely simple and efficient. So, essentially, my experience with this Dollar agency was much more positive than a majority of the other reviewers. If the option was available, I would give them 3.5 stars.
3	As a Dollar Express member I have almost all good things to say about this place.  Being able to skip the long lines at the regular rental counter makes the entire process seem almost magical.  I highly recommend you take advantage of this service.I can say that I have never had a bad experience at this particular location, and I expect to continue to use them for all of my future visits to Las Vegas.
1	The customer service is extremely slow.  I arrived at 12:30 am and waited an hour in line behind 6 other people.  We all had reservations but for some reason the 4 people behind the counter couldn't move us along at all.
1	Horrendous.  If I could give negative stars I would.This is the only way to describe Dollar Rent-a-Car and the overall experience of renting a car from them at Las Vegas Airport.  Because of my bad experience I will never rent a car from them EVER again.First is the ridiculous amount of paperwork.  First you sign a bunch of stuff via a credit card type terminal, such as acknowledging I won't take their overpriced insurance, letting me know any speeding tickets I may get are my own responsibility and stuff like that.  Then they print it out and highlight some sections of the agreement and ask you to initial these in writing before they give them to me.  What was the point of doing it online if they're just going to have me do it in writing?Then, after you've completed the paperwork you walk outside to stand in a long line.  On the day I arrived, they had no mid-sized cars ready and a line of about 15 people had to wait about a half hour as cars came in, were cleaned and then given to us.  Instead of waiting, they should have given us upgraded cars and sent us on our way.Finally, upon return, I filled the gas tank and brought the car back.  The woman asked to see my receipt for the gas tank fillup.  I asked her in response if she had visually viewed that the tank was full - above the full line actually.  She said she needed to view the receipt to ensure it was full and to ensure I put gas in, and that I didn't fill it up with something else.  At this point, I was getting pissed.  Over 3 days I had driven the car 27 miles - almost not enough to get it below the F line on the gas gauge.  She insisted that if I didn't show her the receipt she would charge me a full tank of gas.  I had to pull my bags apart to get a copy of the receipt for $8.50 in gas to show her I put in about two gallons. Dollar management... sure, you were the least expensive option for my trip.  But mark my words:  I'll never EVER rent from you again.  More expensive companies will get my business because they treat their customers with respect and have their act together when it comes to renting a car.
4	I read Yelp reviews and thanks to those of you who recommended that we sign up for the Dollar Express membership (takes a few days to get your membership number and is free of charge)We got off the shuttle, saw the sign at the check in counter to proceed to downstairs if you are an express member. We were second in line downstairs and were out the door in 5 minutes tops (4pm on a Tuesday)We rented a charger or equivalent and were put in to a Grand Marquis. We laughed, but it worked. New car, no hassles.Return procedure was equally as easy.Would definitely rent from them again.***With all cars rented at the Mccaren Rental center, take note of full rental price. Base prices were good, but they zap you with an airport tax, rental center tax and state tax which brought the bottom line price up by around 30%!
3	If you like driving cars that look like taxi cabs them go here. The man checking us in was friendly though.
2	I've rented from Dollar at this location several times. It's busy, understaffed and disorganized. I tolerate it as they're often the least expensive rental car. Sometimes the line in the garage is long and the lone employee assigning car just sends you to an area of the garage to pick out a car. If left to my own to select a car, I'll wander into the premium area, even though my rental is for a full-size car. Left with a convertible once....no one said anything. Other times, I've ended up in a mini-van. One thing for certain, if you rent a "Dodge Charger or similar", you'll be driving "similar". I think that dollar must own three Chargers in the entire country! I'd prefer Hertz, but if I can't get a discount at Hertz, a weekly rental is in excess of $100. more than Dollar. Bottom line, I tolerate Dollar, and while I've suffered inconveniences, they've never been a horrible experience.
1	I highly discourage anyone from renting a car from the Dollar Rent A Car near McCarren Airport in Las Vegas.  When we picked up the car we were told that even though our own auto insurance covers us in rental cars, that Nevada had a $250 fee to waive the rental car insurance, the charge fir which was $185.  We paid the insurance fee, only to find that Nevada had no such fee.  When we got into the car the tire pressure warning light was on.  We pointed it out to the fellow who checked us out.  He walked around the car, said the tires looked fine and that it was probably a faulty sensor.  Needless to say, the next day one tire was going flat.  We brought the car back to exchange it that day and other than wasting an hour, the exchange went OK, but when we asked the clerk about the insurance, he said that Nevada had no such fee, and that the clerk who checked us in COULD NOT HAVE TOLD US THAT BECAUSE IT WASN'T TRUE!!  Then he refused to do anything about it, stating that we had signed a contract.
1	I hate this place so much I am standing in their great wall of china-length line as I am writing this review. I am totally hating on myself for not reading the reviews before but I never knew this kind of shit existed. I mean COME ON how do you have 3 people behind the counter when nearly all the people inside the building are standing in front of dollar?!??!? I literally moved up  about five feet it the past forty five minutes...that's about a foot a minute.. Everyone looks SO miserable but i still feel more sorry for myself. Dollar express is seriously ruining my trip and I can't even cancel it because I booked them through hotwire.com. To conclude, this place sucks!!!
1	I arrived late (10 pm) at the Cincinnati airport to pick up the car I'd reserved. It was a holiday weekend and they did not have the car size I reserved. I was lucky they had a car at all, a much smaller car. The attendent would not tell me what the adjusted rate would be and told me to call the office the next day, the manager would be in. The next day I called - the only number they provide you with is a central number, not the office. The voicemail directory is a particularly bad one. The first guy said he had to speak to someone and put me on hold for 10 minutes, so I hung up and called back. But the bottom line was, I was stuck with the rate I signed for, regardless of the lower quality car they gave me. My only option was to "exchange" the car for the size I reserved or to return the car ($65 for less than 24 hours) at the airport location (the only one they have here) - 30 minutes away. Oh, and they don't even have a car the size I reserved that I can exchange for.
1	On checking in at Las vegas we had to wait twenty minutes in line 3 people working a 10 person space. After finally getting to a counter the agent who treated me was very polite, and told me if I don't want trouble I better bring back the receipt showing the car is full. Going down and getting the car was another ordeal, while the employees are nice and courteous they are terribly understaffed. The car was not full had to go to the gate and come back to have it filled, another 15 minutes waisted.The real nightmare was returning the car. About 15 people are waiting in line and one extremely slow gentlemen is working, after numerous complains another person came which was very fast.All and all, my friend put it best "What do U expect For a Dollar" and I say Don't expect much and will not go back to Dollar.Alamo tries to upsell you but their cars are better and they get you on your way the fastest.
1	Worst Rental Car Company!!! Ruined my vacation in Las Vegas. Spent more time looking for my lost driver's license then N joying my vacation.# They lost my driver's license. The lady "Maria" at the exist booth, never returned my license after verifying. When I came next day and asked her directly while she was working at her booth. She kept denying and she kept asking weird questions. Her answers were so inconsistent. She was afraid whether I've complained about her and she kept saying i don't take people's license even though I never asked her that way. Very suspicious!! I don't know if its an identify theft trial or she wanted to hide that she made a mistake and  forgot to return my license. The other people working at the  rental company said it happened before multiple times with that ladyShe surely never returned the driving license. People be aware at the exist booth of these rental car companies. Identify theft is a growing crime in united states# They charged me for a full tank upon returning the car whereas the car was never full when I rented it and it was clearly mentioned in my contract# Gave me car a with broken tail light - that is why its called dollar car!!I will recommend not to rent from this location of dollar car. If you do, then be extremely cautious or you will regret as I did!!
1	Wish i could rate zero or negative stars.  I have rented at least 30 vehicles from a half dozen car rental companies before.  Never once had I been asked to show the gas receipt upon returning the car as proof that i did not try to cheat the rental company of a few dollars worth of gas.  Adding insult to injury is the bad altitude of the attendant and his manager and their whole speech about how people can drive 50 miles with the fuel gauge still showing full tank.  No - it is not acceptable corporate policy to assume your customers are by default cheaters.  It is also not acceptable customer service when you don't even know how to act with simple courtesy -- I would not have minded as much if they could just say "sorry that the agent did not inform you of the policy before you rent the car, but ..."  It's bad enough to have a customer-alienating policy.  Dollar's horrendous execution of this policy is simply beyond belief.WORST CAR RENTAL EXPERIENCE EVER.  WILL NEVER USE DOLLAR CAR RENTAL AGAIN.
1	Be careful & beware!I am disgusted with the lies and deception I received from the male employee who 'helped' me at the McCarren Car Rental Center.  This is the second time I had been 'helped' by this employee and the second time he attempted to charge me for services I did not request.As with the other Yelpers, the line at this Dollar Rent a Car location was long and moved slow.  However, I had received a Hotwire.com e-mail advertising mid-sized cars for a little over $6 a day, so I wasn't surprised by the line.  Once it was my turn, I was called over by the counter person.  He looked familiar to me, however I had wrongly assumed it was, perhaps, he had provided a positive experience the last time I was 'helped' by him.He seem relatively pleasant and made some friendly small talk.  He retrieved my reservation information and stated I had reserved a mid-size car at $7.05 per day.  Wrong, it was $6.63 per day, but since the price was still relatively low, I opted not to mention anything.He then asked if I would be interested in upgrading to a full-sized car like a Hyundai Sonata or a Nissan Altima for a little more than $10 per day.  I asked what kind of car I would be getting with my mid-size reservations.  I was told it would be a Hyundai Elantra or something like a PT Cruiser, but they don't have PT Cruisers any more.  I thanked him for offering and told him I will stay with my mid-size reservation.This is where the 'fun' begins...  He initiates the transaction.  Information is given, then he asks about insurance.  Would I like full coverage or the insurance waiver.  I replied I want to waive any insurance.  He tells me to press accept on the little charge card signature screen.  Foolishly [on my part] I quickly glanced at the screen and pressed Accept.  "Whoa" I tell the guy.  I just saw $22.99 per day.  What was that?  He tells me it was just the charge.  What charge I asked.  For the insurance waiver he says.  So I asked, since when does a waiver cost money?  He points at some kind of article he has displayed on the counter.  He adds, it's the law.  The State of Nevada.  Wait, I tell him.  And I repeat, when does an insurance waiver cost money.  Then he says, it is recommended you take insurance.  So I clarify?  The State of Nevada "recommends or requires" I take insurance.  Yes, he says.  Again I clarify.  Am I required by the State of Nevada to take and pay for insurance when I rent a car?  He then tells me, I don't know what your State requires, but things are different in Nevada.  At this point his "attitude and tone" are upsetting me, so I start to give him some attitude back.  So if you don't know what "my" State requires, how do you know it is different?  Just press accept he responds.  NO, I say.  Let's start this insurance thing all over again.  Go back to the previous screen and tell me again that I am required to take insurance.  Okay he says, but it is recommended you take insurance.  Again I clarify.  Required or recommended?  Again he says Yes, but adds recommended.  Okay, so now you're telling me it's recommended NOT required by the State?  Since it's not required, I want to waive any insurance and I don't want to pay for any kind of waiver.At point he must be upset he couldn't con me out of my money and give me a very condescending attitude how I don't know what I'm getting myself into by not paying for their insurance.  After a minute or so of his ranting and belittling me, he finishes my transaction and sends me on my way.Wait, it's not over yet.  I go down the escalator and out the door to the parking area to get my car.  The attendant tells me they are out of mid-sized cars, so I can either pick a convertible Ford Mustang or a Ford Crown Victoria.This totally disgusts me.  The con artist at the counter actually wanted to charge me more to upgrade to a full-sized car when I would have gotten a Mustang or a Crown Victoria anyway.So, with all that said - if you get a good deal on a car rental through Dollar at the McCarren Car Rental Center be prepared for some misleading tactics to make you pay more.  Hopefully, not all of the counter staff at this location are encouraged to rip you off.  Thankfully, the attendant who walked me to my car selection AND the attendant who I returned the car to both were cheerful and friendly.Buyer Beware!!!
1	The counter agent aggressively pushed the most expensive fuel option, he then pushed harder on the insurance and nearly refused to let me decline their outrageously prices and completely needless insurance, and then he explained the big surprise:  Dollar charges a PENALTY for both early and late return.   I travel almost every week and none of the other majors do that (though the agent lied to me about that).    For everyone else, you pay for what you use unless you've rented a special package like a weekly rate and then return in, say, 4 days.   For Dollar if you reserve a car for the standard, rack daily rate for 5 days (my case) and bring it back in 4 you pay for nearly 5 days (4 days plus penalty) and if you keep it for 6 you pay for nearly 7 days!!    That they penalize us for wanting to rent more time is a terrible policy.   That the agent LIES to me means I'll never do business with them again.    Two weeks earlier their agent in Salt Lake City lied about something else, so it certainly seems like corporate policy.
2	I signed up for express.  They had a full tank of gas added to price which they said I requested in my profile.  Not a problem if the price was reasonable, but average Las Vegas per gallon was about $370 and they charged me $414 a gallon!  So, I had them take it off.  Then I went to drive out and there was a crack in the windshield, so they told me to get another car.  I turned around and was grilled by the guy at the express window about whether I had gone out to the street.  (I guess he was thinking I put the crack in the window.)Then there were two vans that would not start.  One without any windshield wiper fluid in it.  One with a broken seat in the back.  Finally the fifth one had some major scratches, but seemed to drive okay.  (Hopefully, they documented all the scratches as I have not returned the van yet.)  All vans clearly had been quickly hosed down as there was dirt streaks on all of them and lots of water spots.  The front passenger side in the van we took had not been vacuumed.The price charged after they took the gas off was the price I was quoted online.  They did not try to sell me any optional insurance or anything.
1	Expedia tricked me!!!!When i booked my flight i thought i was gonna get alamo.. which honestly i really didn't read my confirmation itinerary ...Anyways got to the rent a car center, stood in line at alamo with 2 people ahead of me to find out in small print, Expedia gave me rent a dollar instead which was my fault for not proof reading. After looking up and looking across, "Holy F-SH*T!!! so many people waiting in line!!! on a thursday too!!"Ended up taking an hour and some minutes before I got my stuff situated. Not a happy camper as there was not enough people working to serve the number of people of waiting.*Tip be aware of the security deposit*
1	I should have followed my intuition and stayed the hell away from this place!!! Worst car rental place I have ever experienced. The customer service at the rental desk was great, however when you have a problem and call the 1-800 number you are shit out of luck. I had problems with the battery dying on my trip to Zion National Park and I tried to call in, they assumed it was my fault and offered no help.  I used MY insurance to call for a battery jump, the car started and was fine, next day same problem, battey dead. Had to get a new battery for the car so I could make it back to Vegas. Once there the Manager tired to resolve the issue and take money off of my bill but I had to catch my flight home. I called once home and that's where the real fun began. The "customer service" person was very rude and condesending She acted as if the whole thing was my fault and offered no apology, nor did she offer any understanding on how I was left stranded in a national park with a car that would not start...She offered me vouchers.....LOL, like I am ever going to rent a car from them again...too funny. This employee refused to let me speak to anyone else there and claimed to have "authority", umm no, you suck at your job actually!  I am currently waiting for a call back from the "Manager", we'll see what happens...ONe thing for certain is that this rental place sucks and no I would not recommend it, spend the extra money and go to Enterprise...Update: Spoke to the "Supervisor" was extremely uninterested in anything I told him and could care less about my trouble with the car, worst customer service EVER! basically called me a liar and said things did not really happen like they said, even though I was THERE, I think I would know. Total scumbag, rip off lying dirt bag company, if you rent from them beware, cuz they don't give two shits about their customers, the cars or anything else but making money off phoney gas charges and other bullshit. FUCK DOLLAR RENT A PIECE OF SHIT!!!
1	a bunch of rude crooks. you would be better off taking cabs and the bus then rent from this location!
4	Rented a car from Dollar on Jul 1st. Got a good deal on their website two days before I was scheduled to fly in. Signed up for Express after I had reserved my car (should have done the other way round).Getting to the McCarran Car Rental center was a breeze. Friendly shuttle drivers who insist on loading and unloading your luggage for you. Check-in line at the Dollar desk was short but was moving slow, as there were only two people manning the desk, but it was 1AM in the morning so it is understandable. This is why I should have enrolled in Dollar Express first because that would have allowed me to go straight to pick up my car.The guy at the desk quickly checked me in. Price was same as what I was quoted on their website. Added $10 per day for additional driver. Surprisingly, there was no pitch for Collision Damage etc. Still, always read what you are being asked to sign-off on. Was on my way in 5 minutes.Walked downstairs to get to the car. They had a few Impalas to choose from. Couple of them had their back seats still dirty. Chose one that looked the cleanest, though it had some black scratches near the boot and a phone number (!) penned down on the hood! Had that properly documented, both by the lady at the counter and at the gate before we left the facility. Return was a breeze. The guy checked the odometer and helped us get a few things that were still in the car. I asked him if he needs the gas receipt but he said it is not required. I would still suggest save your copy just in case. Got my final receipt from him and then he graciously directed us towards the shuttle that would take us to the airport.+ No pitch for additional coverage+ Friendly staff- Car needs to be cleaned more thoroughly
2	Waiting in line took 2 hours. They only had 3 people working on a Friday afternoon which was frustrating as hell. (note: this was during EDC & the Paquiao fight weekend)We returned the rental and was never given a final receipt - For everyone returning their cars, please ALWAYS ask for a final receipt. A few days later, I checked my bank statement and was overcharged about $100. They charged us for a FULL tank of gas, when i filled up the car with full tank upon returning. I called their customer service line and asked for my final receipt. When i got it, i was surprised that my FUEL was leveled at 7/8 of the tank but yet was charged $102 for gas. Doesn't make sense. It was BOTH wrong.I sent them an email with my original quote when i picked up the car with my gas receipt for proof that i did pay for gas. Finally after a few days, someone replied to me and refunded me the $102 along with what I paid for gas. What is up with car rental companies that always like to mess things up?
1	Do what ever you can not to rent at Dollar you may save 2 bucks a day but the 1 hour and 45 minute wait is not worth it.Honestly two people are at the front deskAnd at least 45 to 60 renters in front of youThe front desk try's to sell you everything extra and wants to warn you about all the damages your going to incur Talked with the Manager Mark he is a big fat butt about 60 years old who doesn't give a Sht about his customers and the front desk people completely reflect his attitude stay away at any cost awful
1	On my recent trip to Las Vegas, I booked a car through HotWire, thinking I would get the cheapest rate.  When the price of $13 a day came up, under Dollar, I figured you can't beat that!  In Dollar's defense, I should have signed on to Yelp and read the reviews already posted because the experience I had mirrored most of the experiences of other Yelp reviewers.  I have rented many cars in my life, for work and for vacation, and I have never felt like a rental car company was trying to swindle me more than Dollar.  When I arrived at McCarran Rental Center, the line for Dollar was triple what all the other car company lines were.  Thinking that it was simply because Dollar offered the best deals on cars, I got in line.  It was soon apparent that the line was not moving at an efficient pace at all.  When I first got in line, I counted six attendants helping customers.  Yet, each time an attendant finished working with his or her immediate customer, he or she would take a break.  Within ten minutes there were only two attendants left.  The other thing I started to notice was that customers would take 20-30 minutes a time to rent a car.  I surveyed the line around me and determined that everyone already had reservations, so what was taking so long?  One group was talking to the attendant the whole time I was standing in line.  They were still there when I left!  Finally, an hour later I was in the front of the line.  A couple finished up, and of course, the attendant went on break!  Ten minutes later I was finally speaking to someone.  That is when I realized why everyone was taking so long.  Dollar instructs its attendants to try to get as much money out of the customer as possible.  While I was standing in line I noticed that every time a customer was at the desk, the attendant would turn his or her computer around to show the customer the screen.  This was to show the different cars available and the respective prices.  But we all have reservations already, right?  Well my reservation was for the "manager's special" which was a gas guzzling Crown Victoria.  I asked if there was something more efficient and he told me it would cost an extra $100, but he could give me a "deal".  The long line and slow service is meant to wear the customer down to the point where he or she will agree to anything just to get out of the airport.  I am not upset that I decided to pay an extra $30 for the more efficient car (as I probably saved that in gas), but I am just so frustrated that so much of my vacation time was wasted dealing with this rental car company.  Every time I go to Vegas, I already feel like I can't trust anyone I speak to, why should I feel that way with a car company, even before I have left the airport?
2	First,  I wish I read all the negative reviews before making my trip.To be fair, this place probably deserves more than 1 star, but not by much. The plus side is you can pick your own car and the return is speedy (at least at 5am).Now the nightmare part, like many others have said, there is a very long line when you pick up your car. What makes it worse is most people have to spend 10 minutes or more with the rental agent. You have to spend an hour or so just waiting in the line, wondering what's going on. When finally it is your turn, you will find out why. They will ask you irrelevant questions like where you stay then try to sell you everything possible based on your answers. I will definitely NOT going back to this place. Budget, AVIS and Hertz all have very competitive rates in Vegas. Maybe 10-15 dollars more for a weekend rental but it will save you 1 hour of your vacation time and all the hassles. For those of you who still want to choose Dollar, please firmly say no to their sales pitches and do a favor to those who are behind you in the line. I found it amazing that many customers are still in a good chatty mood after 1-hour waiting.
4	Rates are low, but boy the FEES at McCarran EQUAL the rate - but the fees arent Dollars fault.I LOVE the express member benefit here, just go downstairs, find your name and assigned stall, off you go.  Baffled by the hoardes standing in line to rent, when express membership is free.'Lock Low and Go' is cool, I usually get a better car for the compact price.One bad experience here, where they tagged me for fuel even though it was full and I showed a receipt, this got corrected.
4	Friendly at first..  but pushy. But i like that you get to pick your car!!! all the cars are sorted by type. Mid size, full size, etc. but the car we chose was a VW Jetta, it had no cruise control..
1	Wow.  Just used Dollar Rent a Car at the Vegas airport for the first time.  Hard to find words to describe the most humiliating service experience I think I've ever encountered.  And it wasn't just me, every single customer also at the counter couldn't believe the level of "service" that they were getting from the other Dollar representatives.  If I would have video taped what happened, you'd swear you were watching actors because no company would purposely hire employees that incompetent to work behind a car rental counter representing their company.  I left there in awe and feeling like I had suffered a stroke. Every one of the bad reviews written about this particular location is sad but very true.  I rarely write reviews so this one should be a warning to anyone remotely considering Dollar (at the Vegas airport).  Do yourself a favor, spend a few bucks more and go with any of the other car rental operations at the airport.  Or catch a cab.  Rent from Dollar only if you really want to gamble wasting your time, money and sanity.
2	Well I just reread my original post about Dollar, and little has changed.  About the cheapest car rental that I've found, but your visit to Las Vegas starts with a long wait, in a long line at the Dollar counter.  Too few employees moving too slowly will likely annoy the crap out of you.  It did me!  Then when you do get to the counter, you get the full-court-press for extras that you can buy, including overpriced, high-profit insurance, or the scare tactics if you dare to suggest that you don't need it.  When you get to the garage, there are often too few cars to select.  We rented a "full Size Car", but the only cars available for us were Ford Crown Vic's.  Full size, yes, but I'm not my grandfather yet, so I jumped on the Toyota Camry that slipped into it's slot, fresh out of the car wash.  The car was good, and the return experience also good.  I would rent here again, as long as I could prepare myself for the wait and sales speech.
5	I have rented 4 times from this location in the past 18 months and have had nothing but the best service. (Touch Wood) I have always paid online and use the express service. Never taken more than 10 min to get my car. We have always got great deals like a Crown Vic for 15 days $303.00 unlimited milage. We are going to Vegas for New Years and have a Ford Taurus for the week at $204.00. If you can find a better deal let me know.
5	I have rented 4 times from this location in the past 18 months and have had nothing but the best service. I have always paid online and use the express service. Never taken more than 10 min to get my car. We have always got great deals like a Crown Vic for 15 days $303.00 unlimited milage. We are going to Vegas for New Years and have a Ford Taurus for the week at $204.00. If you can find a better deal let me know.
2	I made a reservation online through my airlines website for a mid-size car the weekend of 1/11/13-1/13/13 in Las Vegas, NV and the rate was to be ~$13 and change. Not bad I thought. However my surprise came in the form of taxes and fees and add on insurance that sounded good but came at a price! Why cannot Dollar be honest and spell out all the Nevada charges that will be added on up front.Granted I did buy the lowest form of insurance for the "loss of rental" (never heard that in Cali) that they offered, but it came to more than the daily rate! I have rented from Enterprise many time in California and never have I seen the more than tripling in cost that I experienced in Las Vegas. I think the information given when I made the reservation was entirely too vague and led to an much larger expense that anticipated. I would have to be hard pressed to use this company again, at least in Las Vegas. I will say that the service at the airport rental facility was top notch and fast. The car was clean and ran well and the staff professional. I think I just got ripped off by the state. Boy this was an eye-opener. Back to Enterprise!
1	Yes, Dollar has the best rates for booking a rental car in Vegas. What you don't know is that you'll end up waiting in line for about an hour at the rental counter to get a car while people going to every other car company will be off gambling/boozing/eating within minutes.Was it worth saving $20 total to wait in line at 1:00 am? Hell no. The iPhone and Travelocity had me booked at Avis for the same care (at $20 more per week) in 5 minutes ... and we were on our way. Bottom line, screw Dollar and make up the $20 by gambling for the additional hour.
1	My Dollar Rent a Car broke down in Amarillo, TX.  It started leaking copious amounts of oil.  I called Dollar to report it and they said they would have to tow a car from Albuquerque to get me back up and going.  I told them I needed to be back in Vegas for work and the 7 hour delay needed to tow a car down to me would make me late (This was after taking 2 hours of getting through to their reps on the phone).  I asked if they would approve renting from another company to get me to Albuquerque and then switch out with a Dollar rental replacement.  The Dollar representative said she'd have to check and called me back a half hour later saying that her supervisor approved the additional rental and I would be reimbursed for that rental.  They told me to keep my receipt from the other company and when I got to Vegas they would reimburse the amount.When I finally got to Vegas after packing and repacking multiple cars, I waited in line for another hour at the help desk only to be told I would have to call corporate about my reimbursement.  So, after finally getting a of someone on the phone at corporate, I was told to email in my receipt and documentation for my car rental and it would have to researched and I would get a response within a week.  Waited a week and half, no response.  Sent another email and finally got a response.  They acknowledged the problem was completely their fault and the car was faulty and then credited my account but with an amount that was $70 less then the amount I spent out of my own pocket for the additional rental.  Saying there was no note saying I would be reimbursed for the rental.  So basically I had to pay the complete amount on a faulty rental from Dollar plus an additional $70 for another company's rental that they told me to rent from.  No to mention all the packing and repacking, and getting in at 4 am to start a new day at work.Here is a quote from the response I received, and I have not heard a peep from them since:"There are no notes on you file indicating that you rental from hertz would be credited. No further compensation will be awarded for rental." - Stephen RayCustomer Service RepresentativeStay away from this company, they are unreliable and inconvenient.
2	When we arrived at McCarren and went to get the rental car, I initially thought "hey, I made the right choice.  Look at these 5-6 people ahead of me in line while either one person or no one was at the other rental car sections all around".  Not the case.  Why?  Later in the weekend I needed a car again, and went with Budget that time.  Budget's price was just as good as Dollar's, and Budget had nicer cars available.  Meanwhile, in this first experience, Dollar only had two people behind the counter.  I don't think I've ever waited in a 5-6 person line for soooooooooooooooo long.  It became painfully frustrating to the point that I considered trying to cancel the reservation on my smartphone and schedule a whole new one at one of the other car rental agencies there.  Not cool Dollar!
5	AWESOME. I've never written a review before but I had to because of the very friendly service I got from Sarah (oh, Alright... The other guy too. Lol! Can't remember his name tho. ): ) She was the highlight of my day (and it was not an easy one). Sometimes, employees involving customer service disregard how significant the quality (or the lack of it) can influence customers, and how much brighter they can make their day. Sarah made mine better-at 2am!!! I would definitely recommend her to many of my friends  & family that comes to Las Vegas. Great employees. Thanks Sarah.
1	Horrible, slow, annoying customer service.  50 person line with three reps.  And get ready to be talked down upon like a child for not purchasing LDW or other add ons.  Even after I returned the car, I noticed that the line at the rental counter was still ridiculously long while the other rental kiosks were short and fast-moving.  I'm sure this is solely because Dollar caters to the budget conscience.  Had I known, I would have paid two or three times the price to not start my Vegas trip with an hour wait in line at the rental counter.  Lesson learned.  Go Enterprise.
1	I'm only giving this one star since Yelp won't let me go any lower. If any place is bad enough to deserve negative stars, it's this place. Short version for those in a rush:I know their prices are low- but I beg you- if you're reading this review, don't make the mistake of thinking that maybe it's not that bad and folks are just coming here to complain, this place is absolutely terrible, and you'll regret it as soon as you see the line snaking into the main lobby area (that's what happened to me). Spend the extra dollars (no pun intended) and choose a better rental car company. Also, they steal iPhone cases, so there's that (more info in long version).Long version:There aren't enough snide terms in the english language to describe how I feel about this place. To paraphrase Flock of Seagulls - run, run so far away. This company is absolutely horrendous, even if their prices are lower than the other companies, trust me- they're still not worth it. Lets see where to begin:I arrived at the airport rental car center after flying out to Vegas with my then-fiance (now wife, we were doing the vegas wedding at the Strat). The first thing you'll notice is the line. Every other rental car company has a line of maybe 3-8 people, then you see Dollar, with a line of 40+. No, that is not an exaggerated number. And no, it was not an isolated incident, as it was that bad when we were leaving as well - but more on that later.After waiting more than an hour to get my car - to put that in perspective, our flight was three hours long - it took me 1/3 of the time it takes to fly from Chicago to Las Vegas as it did to pick up our car. Only, it wasn't our car, at least not the one we were told would be available. They had rented out all the Dodge Challengers, so we went with a Galant instead - not too bad of a change, and small fries compared to what was to come.After rushing through the desk since at this point I was going to be late for a meeting with our wedding coordinator (I scheduled a meeting when the plane landed, since I didn't think it would take over an hour in line at Dollar) I signed up for some supplemental insurance since I was planning on taking the car out to the desert for some photographs with our photographer, and was finally on my way.The next day, I got a call asking if I was coming by to pick up my car. I said I already had, and they said their system must have not scanned it. Keep in mind- I was in the middle of putting the finishing touches on our wedding and looking after our 25 guests, but I got them their contract info, and they said we're now OK.Fast forward to the day of my wedding. I get an email asking if I'm coming to pick up my car (notice a pattern yet?). This time, I didn't reply, with the minor issue of getting married taking up the majority of my day. Besides, the person on the phone said we were OK now - can a company really suck this bad? I didn't think so, but I was wrong.When it was time for us to leave, I turned in the car, and sure enough - we were never in their system! Too bad for them for screwing up so bad - right? Nope! I was told I had to go speak with someone at the desk, and the line was just as bad as it was when we had arrived. At this point, thoroughly tired of this place's complete incompetence, I went to their express member desk and told them they had to handle this issue. And they did! Except I was charged as an uninsured driver, apparently I was supposed to show my card at checkout, even though they never asked me to (to be clear, I've carried auto insurance uninterrupted since I got my first car in 2000.) I complained, and was told... go up to the front desk! At this point, I had two choices:1) Complain about the additional charge and miss my flight2) Eat the charge, and go on to write this reviewClearly, I went with #2 (in actuality, I wrote them an email about the charge, and was never responded to - I know- a big shocker with these crooks)Oh, but there's an extra added  bonus! A friend of ours forgot her iPhone in the car. This was realized within 30 minutes, so NOBODY excepy Dollar employees were in the car during this time. When she picked it up, the case, which held her credit cards, was gone. The phone and cards were placed in a plastic bag, but someone from Dollar STOLE HER iPHONE CASE.If you're still reading this far into my rant- thank you. Now do yourself a favor, do your friends a favor, and go find a different rental car company.
1	Slow service we waited inline for 45 min while people running in the back ground doing nothing each customer took almost 20 min maybe because they try to sell you from collision Insurance to health care coverage yes health care coverage ....Our agent was nice enough  to take no for answer the first time and he was pleasant during the check out. He insisted they are not on commission but I think it a lie or they get penalized if they don't meet certain quotas.. There was scare tactics about everything from lies that your credit card coverage is not enough to Las Vegas has too much drunk driving and not safe i though OMG what are we doing in this state...The car rate was ok but next time I will spend a little more and no go through the hard sell...   MY message to dollar you are in car rental business not insurance company stop the gimmick and concentrate on what you do best if I need to be treated that way  then I will travel to third world country ,, please charge me 5-10 more a day and leave me alone.....
3	You are going to wait in a queue ... of that there is little doubt. Accept it now and your experience will be more palatable. Seriously: you're waiting in a long ass line right now as you read this? I am sorry. My condolences; it does not get any better. The employees move SLOW. Perhaps they have all transferred here from the U.S. South where this speed of movement is normal.Interminable wait is the least of your worries. Can you really trust a company that charges a penalty for turning in your rental car TOO EARLY? Moreover, you will pay extra for picking up/dropping off your car here, because of the additional facility fees. The cars I hire here are typically obscenely dirty; the latest I had to clean the back window myself lest I not be able to see shit through it. Not sure if it luck of the draw, or just what they do in Senator Racist McCarran Rent-A-Car centre, or what.  And this is where they really earn their star deductions ....You know how you will be waiting in an hour or longer line? Well, let's say you hypothetically reserve your hired car for 1130PM. Well, you arrive to the business at 1110PM. You did your part. You don't get your car until 1240AM or so because Dollar sucks. Well, tough. Show up several hours early next time, chump. You still have to return by 1130PM on the date of your return, as in the original reservation, and not 1240AM since it was their fault that you did not have it on time. Otherwise you will suffer egregious penalties -- since it is obviously your fault that they have the shittiest time spent per customer because they slowly try to upsell every single thing you can imagine to each patron. Only reason to use Dollar is to try to get the lowest possible rate, but they will do everything within their power -- fair or otherwise -- to make it a costly gamble as well as an immensely time-wasting adventure. - E
2	I think I should start with the positive.  The car we rented was great.  It was clean, new and got great mpg.Now the negative.  Cost of car rental about $11.00. We had forgotten our GPS.  Cost of GPS rental $13.00.  Think about it. 25k car for $11.  $99.00 GPS for $13.00.  Since we had no idea where we were we took the GPS drove to a pawn shop purchased one for $35 and returned the GPS to Dollar Rental.But while checking the car out the guy tried to sell us everything under the sun.  The usual ridiculous extra insurance and played the fear game.  You're in Las Vegas, bad things happen here.  When we told him we would be purchasing a gps and returning theirs he told us that would be time consuming because maps would have to be downloaded and that would be terribly time consuming.  I know that's a straight lie.  We own 4 and they are ready to go out of the box.Back to the extra insurance.  Most people's insurance will cover rentals.  Many credit cards cover rentals with a few exceptions such as luxury vehicles and off road vehicles. Your auto insurance pays first and the credit cars picks up the the difference. Auto policies and credit cards vary but everyone should know exactly what their policies cover.  It will take a 5 minutes phone call to verify.They wanted to charge another $24 daily to add me on as a driver.  So my husband got stuck doing all the driving.  Wtf, is this legal in NV?The car was great.  The bs sales on the extras was awful.  Do that many people fall for that crap?
1	Sucks!!!! Slowest service ever get some kiosks!!!! I would give it a negative star if I could, dirty car, garbage hidden under the seats and when returning the car, the person could not even log my complaints nor have the authority to do anything--- crappy service and no support for the crappy service
2	LONG WAIT!  never again will we use this rental car company.
1	Very POOR service... I really didn't want to give them a star, it's only because it wouldn't let me leave a review...  Waited from 12:30am till 2:20am to finally get car...
1	ALERT! ALERT! ALERT! DO NOT RENT FROM THIS COMPANY UNLESS YOU:A). Like to be berated, belittled, and generally spoken to as if you are a liar. B)  Consider standing in a long line of people (that never moves) a good way to spend an afternoon.C)  Enjoy the punishment of finally getting through that line only to go out to the car lot to discover an equally long line of people who are waiting on invisible cars. D)  Like the idea of getting to "prep and clean" the car you just rented....because Dollar doesn't.  E)  Love the smell of embedded vomit in the floor matsF)  Prefer to drive around in a filthy, pre-dented vehicle.G)  Love minivans---despite what you think you are renting. H)  Want to feel much happier about the crappy place you currently work.I)   Want to dramatically improve your opinion about your own coworkers--Dollar redefines what a shitty employee REALLY is. J)  Like to play "guess what that weird noise is" coming from the fill-in-the-blank here  (dash, seat, window, engine compartment, etc.).K)  Love that little rush you get when you open the trunk hoping there won't be a dead body crammed in it (that was likely overlooked by the "detailers").This is the worst rental car company and specifically the worst location in the entire United States.  Read all the other reviews.  We were fools for trying...(or maybe believing?) that our experience would be better. IT WAS NOT.I am an Express member (so I can avoid the 2-3 hour wait in the line), HOWEVER they seldom have cars available for express members and the paperwork has never been ready or right. Worse, they have not had an agent there to receive the car upon return. As a result, Dollar has repeatedly marked my return time much later than it actually was (thereby overcharging me for the time out), and on top of that, they never have the rate correct based on my reservation. Update:  when I finally spoke to customer service they refused to credit my account, told me they couldn't "believe" me when I told them what time I returned the car, and then asked that I provide them with a copy of my airline ticket and boarding pass in order to "prove" that I returned the car at the time I stated. Of course, my flight time was after my rental car return time...and they said they could only go by my flight departure time--a ridiculous notion since you need to be at the airport two hours prior to departure time.  WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCE---EVER.  Dollar is by far the best....at being the worst. They crush their competition at berating and belittling their customers.  In fact, they could "drive" circles around their competition in terms of horrible customer service...except they don't have any cars available. Obviously they are short staffed and poorly trained.  Despite repeated messages and emails from me simply requesting that someone...anyone...contact me to correct their errors.....I have never been called or contacted.  I do get their daily emails reminding me to rent from them again. DO NOT RENT FROM THIS LOCATION UNLESS YOU WANT TO START YOUR TRIP WITH A TREMENDOUS WAIT/DELAY and end it with no service and an overcharged rate.  Sorry Dollar. You suck so, so, sooooo bad here.
1	DO NOT RENT FROM DOLLAR!!!!This place added on Loss Waiver Damage to my contract when I said NO I do not want that.  When I got home I saw I was charged.  I called them and they would not reverse the charges because they said I signed for it.  The customer service people make commission on all the extra's so beware they are ripping you off and will not give you back your money.
1	They are cheap and you do get what you pay for. So where do I start? The line was 30 minutes long when we arrived on a late Thursday night. The check-in process was straight forward. It went down hill from there. Dollar has a process where an attendant is supposed to show you to your car. Well that sounds nice until you have a dozen customers and only one attendant. The woman was actually starring at us and talking to other customers. Then she looked shocked that we were following her. We ended up grabbing a car that was below what we paid for just to get out of there.
2	I guess I got lucky because there wasn't a line when I arrived.  Meanwhile at Alamo, a nice big line was looming.  Happy with my rental car choice.The employees definitely don't seem happy.  Made a couple jokes with the guy at the counter and he didn't seem pleased.  Asked him what kind of car I'd be getting after confirming I have an economy car and he answered: "economy."  I meant what brand.Found out at the car pickup -- "that one."  "That's my only choice?" "Yup."  OK, it's four wheels and runs, so I guess it's ok, but I usually luck my way into a car with SiriusXM at least.Here's hoping the drop-off goes smoothly next week.
2	Ok, how BAD can this Dollar location be?  I have to say that they are the WORST compare with other Dollar locations that I've rented before.I was Budget's customer and my uncle had suggested me to use them as they often giving special deals.  So, I started to rent from Dollar and especially twice at this LV location.The first time, they actually gave me a car with engine light on as I drove off the parking lot.  I immediately returned back and asked to exchange for another car.  At that time, they rent out same type of car so they gave me the convertible at the same price.  I guess this is the reason I give them an extra point.  I rented their convertible again with the special deal.  Everything from start to end are exactly what other Yelpers described in their review so I won't repeat.  The WORST for me was when I needed to rush on the return.  I told them that we were late to the airport and left the key and took off.  To my surprise, the lady recorded down the gas level at 6/8 even I filled up the tank less than 2 miles from the location.  The charge was $39.12 for 1/4 tank which that got me very upset.  I called Dollar customer service and reported the problem the next day.  They asked me to submit the receipt in order to get reimbursed on their mistake.  I immediately got the credit back to my credit card within a week.  My advice to others is to keep the gas receipt in case you need to dispute with them.Even though I didn't lose anything but it's just inconvenient to go thru this ordeal. They must fix this problem before I will rent from them again.
1	Just standing here on line now for over an hour watching the staff show absolutely no sense of urgency.   Unbelievable the lack of care for the customers who are waiting
1	Poorly understaffed 20 min wait getting out of garage with one one of three exit lanes open.  Will try others before going back to Dollar at LAS airport.
1	This is a shady dishonest operation.  You might think you will save money here but don't be fooled!  I booked a car rental at what I thought was a good price online- with no extras.  At the counter, my husband again verbally DECLINED any additional insurances and said, "Just go with the original quote." which we had in hand.  The salesperson instead added on EVERY "EXTRA" they offer without saying anything and told my husband to sign at the bottom.  He had been awake almost 24 hours and signed as instructed without looking at every line.  He trusted that when he declined extra coverage that the person would not SCREW HIM OVER.  We ended up paying over 3 times as much for the car.  We are locals and were looking for a bigger car for a road trip which we do occasionally.  Our mistake for trusting this operation.  We will never be back no matter how cheap the price may appear.
1	AVOID AT ALL COSTS! The other reviews give you all the low down on what's wrong with this location. It's baffling and totally unbelievable until you experience it yourself. Alamo is usually only like $4 more, so just go there and save yourself the trouble. You'll be so so happy you did!
1	Well for one thing, from now til March you can still rent a car from Enterprise for $10 a day through the whole weekend, so that's what I would recommend. The customer service at dollar was crap, long lines, not perfect English, but my budget issue was with the vehicle. I rented a Focus with 36k miles on it, the thing shook and stalled trying to drive from 5-20 mph, so getting on highways and busy streets was quite frightening. When the car was off it made a noise under the engine that could be heard outside the car from about 30 feet away that sounded like a cassette tape being ejected from a stereo. This noise would be happening the next morning while the car was off for hours, so I'm not sure what to think or how I managed to not have a dead battery. They offered me a luxury convertible for 12 bucks more a day (which would have made my rental go from $30 to $42 and the regular price of that car was close to a hundred a day, so I prob should have gone with that lol. Like many of the other reviewers, I'm surprised this company has managed to stick around.
1	1&1/2 hours waiting in line to get to the counter . Unacceptable will rent with one of the other companies next trip to Las Vegas
2	12.24.13.From the reviews that show up in the side bar while I'm writing this, I guess our experience was not too far off the mark.At first, it looked like things were going to go smoothly without a hitch. As a frequent customer and booking ahead of time, we were able to go directly to the garage to pick-up a car. When we approached the attendant window in the garage area, there was surprisingly no line. They directed us to stand to the left of the little booth; we just had one other customer in front of us.We stood there for a few minutes and the line at the booth grew significantly...but now they were directing people to the right of the booth...and they were being helped first! Finally, one of the car people came to our line (after helping a handful of people from the other line).Thankfully, this employee had noticed that we had been waiting patiently, when we had all the right to complain, and apologized repeatedly. If anything, he was probably the best part of the experience because he seemed sincere and gave us no attitude. He even offered to upgrade our car choice.Bottom line though, bad service and they should hire more people to man this area. This trip was during Thanksgiving time so they should have planned for the influx of customers/travelers.Yelp 365 Challenge: #357/365
1	By far the worst customer service experience ever. Do Not Leave Any Belongings Behind!!!! We pulled up to return the car, turned it in, went to the bathroom and realized my wallet was left behind in the car. The car was already sent to the "Car Wash" when we went back for it which was no longer than 7 mins. The wallet was STOLEN! An employee said, "it was probably one of the Cuban guys, they steal stuff from the cars all the time!"Mark the Manager did nothing to help, handed us a paper and said fill a report online. No I'm sorry, No let me check it out, NOTHING! Louis Vuitton Wallet worth $560 with 400 cash inside and all credit cards, etc. in it. Yes my bad for leaving it behind but again wasn't more than 7 mins and it was STOLEN!
2	We were having a great experience at the counter when we first walked in. Elaine helped us, and had a great personality. Very nice. That is where the good times ended. We got an estimate online for $40/day on the size of vehicle we needed. Sounded good. However, for two days the actual cost was $216. The estimate does not include facility fees, taxes, etc. We always get the insurance, since we have heard horror stories about how much they can charge you for the car being out of service during any repairs. The insurance was $25/day. My husband was going to be the driver, but we used my debit card for the car. This process added another $11/day to add me as the primary driver (I never did drive this car) Those are just the rules. I tried using my MasterCard credit card, and they wanted to reserve $350 on it. I was about $15 shy of this, and used my Visa debit card. She advised us that by using Visa, they will only reserve the $216, but would run a 'soft' credit check. All of this information really should be in their estimate, but I guess they figure they have you once you are there to pick up. Got the car, and it was dirty inside. Slight musty smell. It was a 2012, kind of old I thought. Found out later in the day, and far from home, that the brake lights did not work. Only the top bar at the top worked, but even that failed when we returned the car. They were shocked, and appeared to take it out of service immediately. At least that was good news. I don't think that we will ever rent here again. We have been spoiled with another rental agency, and will simply stay with them from now on.
1	I made a reservation several months ago. Today I go to pick up the car, wait in line for fifteen or twenty minutes, and they don't have any. No cars at all. I understand how rental car reservations work, you reserve a price not a car. I'm not happy if a car isn't available and I'll get over it, but the attitudes of the people here was unacceptable. The smarmy little douchebag "manager" pretty much told everyone on line to go to hell and it's not their problem. He was just talking down to everybody and not caring or explaining why this happened. He told us to come back tomorrow, maybe cars would be available, but he didn't know what time and nobody answers the phone there so don't bother calling. If someone got a little angry and raised their voice it anything his response was "now you're not getting a car tomorrow." Like he was reprimanding the people on line who were understandably upset.  His obnoxious attitude was really pissing people off and it got him very close to getting his ass kicked. The rest of the staff was no better. The situation needs to be explained to people. They would just walk away when someone asked how they could have no cars. Sending out some little prick and calling him a "manager" only made things worse. Don't bother dealing with this place. Even if they are the cheapest go somewhere else. Don't contribute to putting food on any of their tables.
1	This was the WORST car rental experience I've ever had!!! Warning: do NOT patronize this agency...it feels like a scam. You wait in line for 2 hours then are informed that there are no more cars left, despite the fact that at least 30 more people are standing in line who all have reservations. This forces you to either go to another agency or take a taxi. Of course the other agencies cost much more, and I'd be willing to wager that the Dollar workers are getting a kick back from the business they generate for these other agencies. How is it they haven't been drummed out of business yet?
2	LONG line at the airport to rent the car, although I did an express rental I still had to stand in line. They are now with Thrifty car rental so there are 7 agents for 2 car rental lines. Agent tried to get me to get me to upgrade, get the prepay gas, etc, etc, etc.... even after I put that on my rental. Got to the garage and wanted another 18 minutes for a car to be brought around to me to drive away. They only had mini vans......3 employees trying to get the line of customers into a car was terrible, no coordination at all. Will pay more to rent from a better car companyFYI, if you use a Visa to pay you only have a 15% hold on your card. If you use a MasterCard, it's a $250 hold. Ridiculous
1	WORST RENTAL EXPERIENCE EVER!!!!!!! I travel a lot, and also own a business in Vegas. I rented from them because they were half the price for a last minute rental and my usual rental location did not have the minivan that I needed. I waited in line an hour and ten minutes (I know this for sure because I had to feed the meter outside the airport). They had a stupid girl at the front asking us if we had a reservation, and pointing us in the direction of the obvious line... waste of staff and it just enrages you that the management couldn't train her to handle the reservations. Well, they had only 3 staff for about 60 customers on line. The lady at the counter was nice, and I didn't understand why so many customers were spending more than 5 minutes at the counter. But, after I got my reservation and travel downstairs, I go to the plexi-glass kiosk that they have, trying to speak to the lady behind the glass, and all she does is look down at her phone and point to a paper on the plexi-glass. While I'm reading, a group of 10 other people go to the correct employee and I have to wait an additional 15 minutes because this ignorant lazy woman couldn't take the two seconds to point me in the direction of the correct staff. I get so mad even thinking about this. DO NOT GO HERE IF YOU WANT TO REMAIN A SANE PERSON AFTER A RENTAL CAR EXPERIENCE!!!
1	Spent over two hours in line from 10pm until after midnight.  I guess I should be thankful because about15 people who had reservations GOT TURNED AWAY!  Unbelievably dysfunctional.  They also only had two people working.  Avoid at all costs.
1	If I could give MINUS 5 starsI would!!!  After nearly an hour waiting in line, watching the people behind the desk sauntering back and forth, going on break, and just being non-attentive, I finally got to the front of the line. Geez!  What a jerk the guy was!!!  Rude, condescending, SLOW, and smart alecky!!  We get to the exit gate and the arse upstairs had the wrong name on the contract... so I got turned back to the booth to correct it. The car BARELY runs, stinks like hooker's cheap perfume, and I will NEVER, EVER rent from Dollar again!  I would pay double to avoid these jerks!!If you want to call the GM to complain: Chris O at 702-351-6874I know I am going to call!!
1	Is there a no star option? What is the point of Dollar Express membership if you stand in line for 30 minutes. Every time I come here I am stuck in a long line to get my car. Miserable.
1	Hidden costs and terrible customer service.  The $99 car rental advertised online cost $207.  They were unable to locate the insurance policy that I selected when ordering online, and I was presented with three more expensive insurance policies (I have sense learned that the insurance was optional).  When they ask you for the license of everyone in the car, they charge extra for each, assuming they'll all be driving.  The customer service dept. was the rudest group of people I've ever dealt with professionally.  Not only were they useless, they were condescending and curt.  Good luck deciphering the cryptic receipt to understand your charges.With all the other car rental options, I am glad I will never have to deal with these people and their disreputable business practices again.
1	I will never rent from them again. Like everyone said, LONG lines! Also, if you decline the Prepaid Fuel Option, they require you to provide a receipt for the gas in the car. It's all in there in the fine print!Can I do a ZERO stars review, Yelp?
3	We landed late on a Sunday night and got to Dollar at 11pm. Even at that hour there were still 10-15 customers before us. I would say our total wait time was about 30-40 minutes, a bit longer than I've ever experienced at a car rental company (and especially at that hour). My reservations were booked in advance online, so when I got to the counter it was pretty smooth from there on. The price at the time of reservation was the price I got at the counter. It was my first experience with Dollar at LV, and will most likely be my last. It's hard to beat their prices (I paid $78 for a compact for 3 days), but if don't mind the lines to save a few bucks for the tables, more power to you.
1	Agreed with the reviewers that said long line and very few cashiers. My main problem is with their lost item policy. When we returned our car in the dark parking garage, we were rushed out by the attendant. We had a toddler, our car seat and all of our luggage, no one offered to help bring our items to the shuttle, nor were there any luggage carts. On the airport shuttle, we realized we left my husband's phone in the car. I immediately called the number on the receipt and was told I could not have the locations' direct phone number, I had to file a claim online. This was the most ridiculous thing I have ever heard! I can't have the direct number? I have to place a claim online? What if it was impt. medication or something? Anyway we had no way to get back there without possibly missing our flight but we wanted the phone removed so it would not get stolen. I called my husbands phone and sure enough it was already turned off! Someone found it and turned it off....... I placed the claim online and no phone matching ours was turned in. I sent several complaints telling them I thought it was fishy that we were rushed out of the car and the phone was turned off immediately after we turned in the car and noticed it was left. Finally after 1 month the phone "appeared" It was turned in by a "customer" No one in the busy Vegas airport rented a Jetta for a whole month? The whole story stinks of lies. The manager of the rental call place called my husbands phone number (he was using a loaner phone ) which brings up more questions:1. How would a phone that has not been charged for a month still have battery power? (Androids are not known for their battery life, even turned off) 2. T-Mobile turned his lost phone/sim card off, how was the manager able to recover my husbands phone number off the phone so she could call him? She claimed she never saw our claim that we filed and just decided to call random numbers in the phone, sure lady we really believe that story!3. How does it cost $28 to ship a phone that weighs a couple ounces? The phone is really only worth about $100 but we sucked it up and paid since no one would return our calls and we have a video from Disney on that phone. We still don't have the phone yet, UPS ground is shipping it to us, sooo yeah $28 to take 5-7 to get back to us.Dollar, you suck, you lie, you lost our business, you probably don't care but maybe someone on here will and will book elsewhere!
1	Wished I'd yelped first.   3/17 stations manned meant a 90 wait for what I reserved 2 months ago.  Reps were unconcerned and leisurely.I just joined Yelp solely to share this.
1	They have a certified team of useless dipshits that work here. I clearly said no to EVERY upgrade they tried to force on me and yet when I return the car there is and extra $100 charge for extra insurance that I SAID NO TO!!! I spoke with multiple retards behind the desk and on the phone and basically I got fucked into paying for something for no reason. Fuck this place and the dumb ass inbreds that work here.
1	If I could give this place minus stars, I would.DO NOT RENT FROM THEM. I have had nothing but a horrible experience. First of all, they are cheap for a reason. We booked them through Priceline and got a great deal ($13/day). So we show up and the line was pretty long but not ridiculous (about 10 people in front). Somehow that equaled to an HOUR of waiting. The counter had over 10 open computers but there were only 2-4 employees, who would go in and out of breaks in between. They let a "handicapped" customer cut everyone (even though they had someone with them who was definitely not handicapped and could have waited in line). Then when I finally got there, the guy behind the counter was unprofessional and very obviously did not care about his job. He offered us car insurance for $13.99 a day. I initially turned this down because I purchased insurance through a 3rd party company through priceline for $11/day. But the employee tells me that the insurance I purchased is NOT valid, and that it would NOT cover this vehicle, and that I HAD to purchase their insurance. He then said "you can call priceline to cancel that other insurance. I had a customer before do that." I was in no condition to argue and I sincerely believed him. So i purchased their insurance. Then of course, once I get to my hotel, I call priceline (like he told me to) to cancel the 3rd party insurance, and guess what? They can't cancel the insurance after you have already picked up the car. Priceline basically told me that Dollar rental lied to me in order for me to purchase their insurance. Outraged, I attempt to call the rental office (of course no one picks up at the actual store), and I somehow wound up with their 1-800 customer service line. After spending almost an hour explaining what happened, the guy told me I had to go back to Dollar rental and cancel my insurance in person (I still don't understand why he couldn't do it for me over the phone). I told him that this was my vacation, I did not want to drive back to deal with something that was their mistake! So he said he'd leave a note in the system documenting this call and that I can just ask for the Manager On Duty when I return my car and they can fix this for me. Of course, when I go and return my car on Saturday, the rude woman behind the counter says that it's Saturday and there's no manager. I explained the situation and she pulled up the documented phone conversation with customer service. However, there was NO mention that I was explicitly told that I would be refunded the money when I dropped off my car. After arguing for a minute, she then says "well I'm the manager today and I can't refund you the money." I was given yet another email and phone number of Chris Onoszko (perhaps the actual manager?). They continue to lie and send me back and forth. I have felt nothing but ignorance and deceit from this company. Unfortunately, this branch is not listed on BBB or else I would report this. This was supposed to be a $13/day rental, which turned out to be $57/day rental.Bottom line: pay the extra few bucks a day and rent from a different company.
1	Wow!!! We waited almost an hour to get up the desk. They seem to have low prices because they don't hire enough help.
2	As people have pointed out, Dollar had the longest lines of any rental car place at the Rental Car Center.  Luckily I got to the counter in about 15 minutes.  The guy who took care of my reservation at the counter, Michael, couldn't have been nicer, and was an extremely cool dude.  My problem began when I got my car.  I upgraded to a Ford Mustang Convertible.  When I got downstairs the guys pointed me towards a corner of Dollar's lot and said "take any Mustang parked over there."  When I got over to the Mustangs, there were three sitting around.  Two of them were dirty and hadn't been washed in a while.  The third was extremely clean and looked new.  Little did I know at the time, but this "new" looking car had 65,000 miles on it!!!  Seriously?  And worst of all, it had a sticky parking break.  I nearly got stuck at Red Rocks Canyon when the parking break wouldn't disengage for almost thirty minutes.  I finally got it to click and disengage and didn't use the parking break for the rest of the trip.  Bottom line, Dollar rents out old cars with maintenance issues.  Avoid them at all costs.
1	Horribly understaffed. The longest lines of any rental car company at the airport by several times. Staff are burned out zombies.Do not rent there Friday nights!
1	Horribly long lines, understaffed.  1 hr wait for pickup.  30min to return.  Will never rent from DOllar ever
1	This does not even deserve one star. My first time I waited 2 hours in line. My work booked it so I had no choice and im here again. They have 3 people working and they are slow and have been standing in line for 40 minutes. When I called their call center they said there is nothing they can do and I have to stand in line. This is so ridiculous. If you ca afford to pay a few extra bucks, do it. There are so many other rental car placeswith no line at the airport.
1	Avoid at all costs. All. If possible, I'd give them negative stars. An hour and a half to pick up the car. After an hour and a half, the guy in the middle of our transaction, simply walked away for five minutes. Finally got the car, after midnight, and didn't notice that although we declined insurance he put it back on. Now, returning the car, waiting another hour to dispute the unethical employee. Yes, we should have noticed but we verbally declined and after an hour and a half we just wanted the car. (Update: we have disputed the charge and it seems this is how the do it, up charge, show you different screens so you don't see it, then refuse to help. Lots of unethical things going on and horrendously long waits so you'll give up. One of the worst experiences we've had with a company.)Horrible service. Horrible attitudes. Avoid.
1	This place is slow slow slow like frozen molasses .   Do not want to leave this slow line to use rest room,  otherwise would need to cancel hotel reservation because I will be here ALL. Night. Long!
1	GO ELSEWHERE!!!  HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE,TERRIBLE MANAGEMENT...(If they can even be found)! EVEN WORSE CUSTOMER SERVICE! NEGATIVE STARS DESERVED!!!   I booked a package deal on cheaptickets and ended up with this company. When I got to the dollar area the line was so long. You would assume they would have a separate line for ppl with reservations. Anyway, I was number 49 in line. An hour and a half later I am STILL IN LINE writing this review. As long as this line is why in the world would they only have 2 out of 10 people working?!?! All the while a third person comes and goes I guess to give them a "break". Frigging ridiculous!  They need to learn how to move with a sense of urgency, put some pep in their step, and hurry the %&$ up. In addition to all of that they still charge a ridiculous a $350 hold. After waiting forever I finally go outside to get my car and guess what?...They don't have any. They tried to offer me a minivan or a mustang, seriously? I told them no and that I had been waiting forever so I ended up getting an SUV for the same price. That is the only positive from this experience.I will refrain from this Dollar location, its too much hassle.
1	Dollar is the only agency in the entire rental car center with huge lines. They just continue to rent cars they don't even have. After you wait forevever to get your contract there is another huge line waiting for you to get your keys. The guy in the kiosk said it's always kike this. The parking lot jerks purposely leave the cars over at the wash area to create an artificially low supply of cars. Then they single people out in line and offer to get them a car before everyone else if you 'make them happy'. They're running a racket. These guys think they're working the door at some elitist night club. I will never use Dollar again no matter how cheap the rate. I ended up paying 100 more at the counter, after prepaying on Travelocity, and I didn't even get insurance. Worst company ever. Vegas should wack these wiseguys.
2	Biggest gripe, NOT HIRING ENOUGH PEOPLE TO TAKE THE MONEY WE WANT TO GIVE THEM. Way understaffed at the desk. Lots of double talk about insurance, had to rewrite the contract, which helps to further explain the long lines. Car was well appointed but poorly maintained. The rubber seal at the front of the hood was damaged and flapped in the wind as we drove. One of the power outlets was nonfunctional (luckily our car had two of them in the console. Tires wer unevenly worn and vibrated at normal speeds. And an energy drink can and hard boiled egg shells came complimentary in the back seat armrest!  Most of the car was quite nice and price provided decent value. Checkout was much smoother with no danger of missing our flight. Crewman was very friendly and helpful, but lighting in the garage is awful and we could have easily left items behind in the dark. Overall, it was a three or four star experience for us, except the one hour delay in getting our car, it started the whole experience off poorly and never really recovered. If you have appointments or limited time in Vegas, it's worthwhile to step out of the line and work the floor looking for an agency that will match Dollars decent price and car selection. Lots of choices, it can be done.
1	Avoooooooid this! Crazy long wait! Waited for an hour and still waiting! I came Tuesday night at 11pm and now it's Wednesday! I used to have good experience with dollar in Connecticut but not this store. should have checked the reviews before choosing this place. There are over five other rental companies you can chose from and non of them have 30+ ppl waiting in line like this place!
1	RUN - don't walk - from this awful agency.  Was just in Vegas this past weekend visiting family.  I've been renting cars for years and usually just go with the best deal and this was no exception.  Next time will definitely spend the few dollars more to avoid this HORRENDOUS company.  I waited in line for an hour and ten minutes just to do the paperwork (although I already had a reservation) because it was a holiday but there were only 2 agents available of the 8+ desks.  Once I paid for my car I walked to the lot and waited again.  This time for 35 minutes in 100 degrees.  The sparce staff was cold and obviously burned out and didn't care.  Once I finally got my car it was another 20 minutes to exit the lot because only ONE of the three exit lanes was open (and these were exclusively Dollar lot exits).  Four days later when I went to return the car the line extended beyond the entrance with ONE person working.  Again, waited 35 minutes for a very rude agent to check my car in.NEVER have I had such a terrible experience with a car rental.  I wish I could give negative stars.
1	My boyfriend & I booked a package to Vegas through Orbitz. I naively thought one rental car company was the same as another. Oh, oh, not so! We waited in line for 45 minutes to get the paperwork done. When I complained about the wait the woman at the counter told me "We're the cheapest." After the paperwork was completed we had to wait another 45 minutes for a car.  My boyfriend & I make $30/hr each! It would have been well worth another $90 just so we did not have to wait 1 1/2 HOURS for our car! I will NEVER use Dollar again!
1	Renters Beware!!! Biggest rip off ever ! The fast talk about their insurance cost me about  $115 extra . Rental estimate was $135 online , get there in person 262.  I really pissed off now . But wait there's more . After  bringing car back , I get a bill for $309. Plus I go and put gas in the car , there is no fuel cap , I was wondering why I was smelling gas . Smdh . So I called the 1800# to see if I can get something back . They basically told me that they wouldn't do anything for me ! Nothing !! It's a shame how this million dollar  company just rips off hard working people ! If I could give this place a negative 50 stars I would . Also the insurance agent does not speak good English , which cost me a arm and leg for a piece of crap gas smelling vehicle . I was wondering why my kids and wife had a headache on vacation , it was the gas smell in the 100 degree weather !! The worst experience ever !!!!!!!! Dam you dollar rental car . I could've paid my car insurance for a month with your extra fees .. I told you guys I was going to blast you on yelp , and the guy said go head , you won't be the first nor the last !! Iam still pissed over that comment !!!!!!!!!!
1	The original price for the rental that I agreed to when I reserved on line was awesome! It was the reason why we chose Dollar Rent a Car, because a friend told us about the great rates. We thought we were walking away with a $17 per day rental. However, my very kind spouse who picked up the vehicle was swindled into believing that it was "how we do it" at dollar that he needed to select a coverage package. The sales rep made it clear that "This is how we do it here..." and so my husband chose the most inexpensive coverage WHICH WE DIDN'T NEED BECAUSE WE HAVE OUR OWN INSURANCE. The rep said it would supplement what we already have and made it sound like we HAD TO CHOOSE OPTIONAL COVERAGE. This must sound weak on our part. In addition to the disorganization and low staff, I'm sure my husband just did what he could to get out of there fast. So instead of paying about $88 which is what we agreed to online, we ended up paying $182.44. I called the next day to complain and to request a refund. The best the customer service rep could do was refund us for half the coverage. I have yet to speak to a representative from the actual Gillespie location. This is very frustrating. Good business practices will not do this- make a customer believe that an OPTION is a MUST or a HAVE TO. It was unclear and chances are we may not come back.
1	Just landed in Vegas on a delayed flight. We had called ahead to tell them that our plane would be delayed and they said no problem. Had one on reservation but when we got here they told us they sold it to someone else; obviously they do not take their customers into consideration and give out cars on a first come first serve basis. I have three kids and now we are stranded here at midnight. If the other reviews weren't enough to deter you from this place hopefully mine will. Defiantly not worth it.
1	You suck. It is hot and we have waited in line or over 1.5 hours  Dont rent from them. They need more staff. When we finally made it to the counter all he did was try to sell us this that and the other. How many times as I supposed to say no nicely? Finally he got it and gave us the paperwork for the car. Thank goodness. We will never give them our business again!!! Do yourself a favor and dont rent from them.
1	Absolutely the worst customer service EVER!!Waited in line for over an HOUR AND HALF!!Only to be asked over and over and over after saying NO NO NO NO NO NO I dont want your over priced add ons... I will never rent from them again EVER... I would rather walk hahaha Im sure it would faster..
1	AVOID. I showed up to Vegas having reserved 2 cars in advance. Upon arrival, they tell everyone in line "sorry, no cars available, you can try to wait a few hours, but cars may not be available until tomorrow. WTF is that??? NEVER AGAIN, DOLLAR.
1	Who has only 2 people working the counter on a busy Saturday?  Answer: Dollar Rent A Car. 15 people in front of us and an hour plus wait is ridiculous.
1	*******AVOID - took an hour to get through a line to talk to Pam who couldn't find our confirmation number.  To be fair I didn't have the correct number with me to give to her.  She found it after looking at four different computers.  I was annoyed and frustrated at this point but Pam didn't snap back at me or anything, she remained calm and courteous.  After getting the rental contract, we were sent to a garage where we waited ANOTHER hour and a half in a sweltering heat to get a convertible Mustang.  It arrived fresh from the car wash yet dirty inside.  I swear when we turned on the air conditioner it smelled like puke in the car.  Stains and crumbs everywhere, just nasty.  We were so tired from our trip that we just wanted to get out of there and didn't complain.  For the price I paid I don't feel like I was ripped off, HOWEVER, I will never rent from Dollar again, at any airport at any price.  They are horribly understaffed in Vegas and obviously they don't have enough vehicles to match the customer demand.  The only good thing about it was drop-off was quick and easy.  As we left the rental car center, I saw again long, long lines of people waiting to be helped.  I felt sad for them. ~~~~TIP: pay a few extra dollars and go to another company.  I know I will.
1	Worst rental car company at the airport. DO NOT rent from them. I only wish I had read these reviews before I decided to get a car from them. We went to he Dollar desk and thanks to the fact there were like 3 people working, we had to wait in line. Only to find out that they were out of the type of car we had reserved online in advance. They would not upgrade our rental for free and instead sent us to E-Z Rent a car where we were told they would honor our rate. Except there were literally 50 people in line at E-Z and two people working at their desk. It's incredibly unacceptable that Dollar would rent out cars they obviously don't have. Complete bait and switch scheme. If you have to spend a few extra bucks to go with a different company, you definitely should. You won't regret it.
2	Dollar has great rental prices but I always have to wait in very long lines and the cars usually have quite a few miles on them.  But if price is the most important thing to you and you have time to wait in lines then go for it.
1	Seriously it's Labor day weekend coming up you have 3 customer service people and that's for Dollar and Thrifty. I've been in line for 2 hours waiting and you have the nerve to show us an ad on your screen while we wait the hassle of airplanes and that having your rent a car is better. It would be!  If we can get our car. NEVER MAKING THIS MISTAKE AGAIN!
5	ok people read carefully:SIGN UP FOR DOLLAR EXPRESS - its FREE!!  Then book online direct.You BYPASS all the lines people are griping about in all the one and two star reviews.. You go straight downstairs, find your stall number on the screen, get in (your paperwork/contract will be hanging from the rear view mirror) and GO!  You dont have to suffer thru the exasperating insurance sales pitch, no contract signing, no NUTHIN.  So dont say I didnt tell ya.I am UPPING my rating from 4 to 5.  I am a FREQUENT renter here, 2-3 times a year, i get the lowest rates, no lines with Dollar Express, and my car is nearly always ready to go when I arrive in Vegas.  I book direct on their great website, I use the 'city special' and beat any other rate I can find.  And whats even cooler - if I check later and find a lower rate, I can just re-enter my reservation and cancel the old one.Why am i UPPING the rating?  Just got a call from Misty @ Dollar  in Vegas; they asked 'did you leave anything in the car?' - it dawned on me that it must be the point-n-shoot camera i've been trying to find for a couple weeks...."My Camera?"  "Yes!"  So they will be shipping it back to me (yes I pay the shipping... OF COURSE and happy to do so).  Blown away that it didnt just walk off - thanks to the cleaning crew and Misty.Thank you Dollar!
1	Absolutely horrible service.  I waited in line for well over an hour with only 3 service members checking people in.  And then the employee who checked me in did not even give me the car rental printout and I had to go back to get it.The mid-size car selection is horrible... all the cars are extremely outdated, half the electronics inside the car do not work, the steering is very sensitive, brakes suck.Only reason I "rented" from them is because they are government contracted and I had no other choice. Worse car rental experience ever.
2	I got at the car rental center around 11pm. There was a line and I had waited for like more than 30 mins. Then I finally get to the desk. Another 1 and half hour at the desk. That was ridiculous. I paid the upgrade fee for the car upgrade. However, they did not have the car I chose, Then the agent gave me a nicer VW car, which was fantastic. It made me feel it was worthy to wait for that long time. But, I found out the car charger did not work, both of then, on my way to Grand Canyon. My GPS died on the way and I had left from LV for like 1 hour already. I called the RS center and they told me I have to drive all the way back to LV airport. I said I had my plan and it would mess up my plan. They said I had no choice. Then it took another back to LV and another 30 mins to wait to change the car. They told me I couldn't get the kind of car what I got last night because I was just lucky last night. They were not nice and did not even apology for my time wasting. I understood they couldn't give me another premium car on the busy day. But it was unacceptable that they ignored the inconveniences that had made.I chose another company for my following trip and they were much more nice and professional than this company. I will never choose this company again.Such a bad customer service I have ever experienced.
1	Very poor customer service. Waited in line for just under an hour. After I told the salesperson I was declining all coverage, he still tried to sell it to me, and then asked me to give him the deductible of my insurance, which I have never been asked for before, and declined to give him.
1	Line is hours long and employees do not seem to know how to do their jobs!  Do not rent from this company unless you place zero value on your personal time!
1	Rent a car on 9/20/2014 for a business/vacation trip.  Get to the retal place around 2:30 pm and wait for more than an hour to get to the counter.  Looked like it on average took them at least 20 minutes to process one rental.  Long line with only 2 counters open to serve the customers.  Tried to sell me their insurance.  After I told the salesperson I was declining all coverage, he still tried to sell it to me.  I told him I am travel on business and this is cover under my company's policy and is also cover by my credit card.He asked me about my insurance and then asked me to give him the deductible of my insurance, which I have never been asked for before. He still tried to use the scare tactic to strong arm me into buying thier insuance.  He told me if the car battery die I might have to pay for it if that is my fault, I say "what! you can't be serious."  You car had issue and inconvenience me and you expect me to pay for your repair.  Got to be kidding. Very poor salesmanship. The car I got was old and many functions doesn't work.  If you can spend a few dollars rent from other compnies and avoid the frustrations.
2	The line was minimal the pick up of the car was a choice of any in one row, straight forward until it came to all the billing stuff******* extra charges*****40.00 per day ended up being 195.plusComplained thur two lines down to 120.00They have a few for this fee for that then they hope you just don't pay attention, 40.00 per day ended up 120. Now    I will for sure be calling my credit card company to dispute the other 2/3rd of the fees, pay attention because they seem to relay on over charging hoping you forget about it but I will be disputing the better part of there charges .,. Be weary read everything , or they will take you for a ride
2	Poor customer service. The line was not long but it takes long to move.  My friend uses the Express and has not had a problem.  Even though the Express works, I'm glad I experienced their lack of customer service because if I ever get into trouble, I'll know what service I can expect.  It's best to go with a company you can trust in case something goes awry and I don't believe it's Dollar.  One agent saw the huge line and despite this, was more interesting in moving her water bottles from station to station like she could care less about helping someone. When I finally got to the counter, the agent was very rude and didn't explain the next step in the process. He stuck a sticker on the outside of the parking agreement but didn't explain it.  We had to wait in the line in the parking garage to get the car. The first car we got into, didn't even start.  When we return the car with a full tank of gas, the attendant asks for the gasoline receipt referring to the sticker no one explained. Even though he can see the full tank, he was going to charge us because we didn't have the receipt. He gave us a hard time and then let us go. That was nice of him but why give us a hard time! I rented twice at National after this- that's customer service!
2	Review is about line.  REALLY? There are over 20 in line (groups, not just individuals) yet you only have two people working.  Something is not right.
1	What's your time worth?  Dollar doesn't think its worth much.  It's 11:30pm, over 40 families are editing in line ... With three (3) agents to serve.  It's a gross display of ignorance & arrogance!  I can't ever imagine renting from Dollar EVER!  You shouldn't either.  Lesson learned.
1	Worst. Experience. Ever. Allow me to preface this by saying, I always use Enterprise. They are professional and have excellent customer service. I tried Dollar for the first time in a crunch situation. So let's just start with the rental return place. It is so far from the airport you have to take a freeway to get there and a shuttle just to get back. Because of this we had to rush, just to miss our flight anyway. In our haste, we forgot our personal keys in the glove compartment. Totally our fault.Since we missed our flight we were on standby for over 9 hours. About 5 hours in we realized we left our keys in the car. So we went back to the counter to ask for help. The first person who assisted us was a person named Glen. After explaining the situation, he handed me a piece of paper that referred me to the lost and found website. I have to file a claim and check back periodically. I asked if he could just check personally to see if they were found. He reluctantly said he would, then went back to assist other customers. We then went to another employee and Glen interjected and said he was already helping me. Glen decided that he would then look up the car and asked for make, model, color, time it was returned...things you would probably find after I was asked for my rental agreement number several times. He disappeared into a closet for 5 minutes and says he was unable to find it because the car was rented out an hour ago. I asked if they could call the new renter and ask if they could confirm the keys were there. Glen muttered that's would have to call the 800 hotline and they could call, but I have to wait until tomorrow. I called the hotline immediately after and they said they wouldn't be able to call because they don't have the new renters information. Only the rental location would have that. I asked the hotline attendant to connect me to someone at the location. THEY DO NOT LET YOU TALK TO ANYONE. Only leave a message. wtf. So we have now travelled from the airport to the rental booth several times now. We go back to talk to someone after being misinformed about contacting the new renter. One simple request, "Can I speak with the manager on staff?" I was given three different employees to respond to this request before I was able to speak with what I assume was a manager. Finally, a woman comes down to speak with me and she had already had a demeanor as if I woke her up from a nap. All I wanted was to see if we can contact the renter to possibly retrieve our keys. She said she would "Go out of her way" to contact the renter but cannot guarantee that she would be able to get a hold of them. Already excusing her inability to help. She said we could leave and she will let me know. A phone call takes less than a minute to make. We were willing to wait to see if there was any progress. She insisted to call me and let me know what happens.It is now 12 hours later. no call from that manager. As a bonus, I received an email saying that no keys have been found. On their website..there are keys that have been found. I've called and left messages and have not been able to speak to one person. DOLLAR RENT A CAR. wow.
1	Wow what a ridiculous establishment. The line took at least an hour and it's all because they are sitting their trying to sell you on all these crappy services they have. Not only that they had foreigners and elderly completely confused because they are pushing these add-ons so hard and the people just want to rent a damn car. Avoid dollar like the plague, even if it only costs you a dollar.
5	I'm now a devoted fan of Dollar Express.
4	We had a great experience, the only reason they didn't get 5 stars was the smell in the car was a little strong.  Not a bad smell, just the air freshener.  We would rent from them again and would recommend!  Check out was a breeze!  McCarren airport has the car rental process stream lined!
1	Horrible experience. Super long wait. Got in at midnight, 2 people working... Line was not super long but it took 10 to 15 minutes per person! Will not use ever again!
1	I reserved full-size SUV from dollar, and I thought I were the luckiest person since they said that they will give me a free upgrade. When I was wondering how a full-size SUV is upgraded, the staff just give me a compact-size Chevy SUV with a few of dents. The car is abused so very hard to drive. The steer wheel just is unpredictable. I double checked with them, and they insist that trash is what I ordered. Not returning the money due to providing lower class car, no apology in any way.     This company is totally a shame. I have never been deceived like this. Keep away from Dollar because you actually pay more than the cost of renting from other companies.
3	this was rough place at first, but the corporate office does listen. I recommend you stick to what you want and not let the salesperson distract you. As the company isgood and the cars clean.
2	Terrible experience this past Weekend.  I am a dollar express member and there are some skip the line perks.  First car we were given had 55K miles and smelled like cleaning materials layed on thick trying to get rid of smoke in the car.  Terrible.  Key remote was so worn you could not see unlock vs. lock button.  We drove back around and asked for another car.  Second car: Dodge charger.  I was excited for this.  loaded everything up.  Go up to window to visit with the hawaiin woman in the window.  no luck.  Car was on recall list.  Last car was decent.  Nissan Altima.  Raafat (an iraqi employee) was a pleasure to deal with. Such a hard worker. Dollar should be excited to have him on their team.  Woman in window, Hawaiian/samoan woman was terrible and rude.  Such a displeasure to have to enounter.  Poor Raafat even look scared to approach her about car issue.  She made a comment to me during small talk.  "Im not the one" as in... Im not the one to mess with. Terrible experience dollar.  And to add insult to injury... during car switcharoo... wife losses North face fleece.  That's a whole another issue trying to get  in touch with Lost and Found.  As a Dollar member who has had my last 30 rentals through them...I will shop around next time.  MV
1	Worst I have ever had. Waited more than an hour in line. Line is not so long. It just doesn't really move. Looks like it will need another 20 minutes to get to desk. Will never rent with them again.Used several other rental companies before. Budget, etc. They are so much better.
