4	I really like the concept here and overall they do a great job making the movie experience  a bit more  special:Vast food menu (though decidedly less refined than Mez). Think pizza, fried apps, desserts, burgers, snacks. The food was pretty tasty and they deliver to you quietly and efficiently throughout the movie. I found that the movie was not interrupted in the least by their presence.  Huge Perk- not having to get up and miss any of the movie (such is the case with Mez). Prices are decent, a soda and appetizer was $12. We did get our food before the drinks and it definitely took a good 20 minutes to get our food. We were not given refills on fountain drinks, so watch your salt intake  : ) Seats- Spacious and comfortable leather, a great view wherever you're seated. There is a small bar-like table in front of you though you may have to sit on the edge of your seat a bit to reach if you're a smaller individual or have a child with you.  Tickets are very reasonable at $10...and they offer $5 Tuesday movie nights.I will definitely return as I like that they bring the food to you and it's priced right.
4	The Arboretum movie theater returns but this time as Cinebarre! If you went to the old theater you may notice some similarities but for the most part, the theater went through a huge transformation. The theater is catering to adults so don't expect to see many young children (although they have a family day once a week) lurking the theater which is good especially for a date night! Cinebarre has an extensive bar in the lobby but a not-so extensive food menu. They have mostly fast food/dinner food. The food is kind of pricey (six dollars for a milkshake? yikes!) but actually pretty tasty. The real problem with me is the seating. The seats are set up like regular theater seats but have a counter in front of them. This doesn't offer much room if you order a lot and not to mention that the counters are sort of far away from the seats. It's a pain for small people like me with short arms to have to sit up to eat using the counter!Tickets are average priced and on Tuesdays each week they have tickets for only $5 which is a steal! Where you will end up spending most of your money is on food and drink! You can also tip your server but I actually didn't see many people do that.
4	Great place for a quick casual dinner & a movie.  The service was pretty efficient and prices are very reasonable. Love the fact that you can sit down and get "table service" while in your seat for the film.  After the movie, there is also a pool table if you want to hang out and shoot a little pool while you have another bevvie.
4	I have only visited this location as a guest of Yelp for an elite event.  So I will grant it 4 stars as that is a special event and probably not indicative of a nightly occurance and want to visit again before I put the 5th star up there.I will say, hands down, that I was very very very impressed. The staff was friendly and accommodating and by staff I mean every single person I came in contact with.  The building itself is updated, the seats are very comfortable, the food is excellent.I would recommend this to anyone who has kids, and is trying to get out of the house for a date night.  Babysitters can be expensive, so why not combine the dinner w/ the movie. Hang out afterwords at the bar for a last glass of wine or beer, play a game of pool or listen to some live music. All at the same building we used to sneak into in High School (Providence High - Go Panthers!).One thing I hate about going to the movies is spending $170 and getting popcorn and a diet coke that is so large my bladder bursts at the least opportune time. Not the problem at Cinebarre.I took a gander at the full menu last night once I got home, and I feel that it is accurately priced for both food and beverage. I love the concept, it's not as pricey, inconvenient, or stuffy as Mez.  They did a great job coming up with movie friendly food that tastes great.  I like fine cuisine, but struggling with any utensil that isn't my fingers is not what I want to do while watching a movie, so for this, their menu is perfect.I don't know what their plans are, or how many converted theatres they have available but this to me SCREAMS - "SPORTS!!!"Love the concept of getting a "bucket" of beers. I would be showing Duke v. Carolina, Panthers games when they are in the playoffs this year (I said it), Bobcats games when they are in the plaaaaa... nevermind.  But a huge screen showing the "BIG" game with sports friendly foods and beer and wine.. umm yes please!The only thing I would add would be a tap light style system under the counter top so people can see what they are writing/reading without busting out the mobile phone. Other than that. Keep up the good work, we'll be seeing you soon.
4	This is something fun and different to do with just your date of a bunch of friends. Cinebarre has a welcoming u-shaped bar when you walk in and a wide variety of beer and wine. I saw posters that said they have $5 movie nights (think it was tues or wed) and then they also have $2 draft nights on either tues or wed. Sorry. Cant recall. Had some wine while exploring in here :) I was here during a Yelp event and sampled their fried pickles, tomato soup/grilled cheese sandwich, chips and salsa and pizza. All good, but pizza was like the pizza I make at home. Very fresh and not doughy with cornmeal crust. I built my own and it did not disappoint. It was even delivered to me during the movie (The Campaign) and I enjoyed it with a Stella.
5	This is the best kept secret that needs to be leaked..... great date night and ask for Bailey  or Gabriel or Michael.. hell the whole staff was awesome...
5	Woohoo! I had a good time!I refuse to back off of that 5th star just because I was a guest of Yelp's....The food is really good, and exactly appropriate for things you'll need to eat in the dark and without a table. Well priced, too, when compared to what traditional theaters charge for snacks... and this is real food. I had to take home a box.The seats are really comfy, Leather and clean and far enough from the little table/counter that you don't feel obligated to eat or drink. But you'll want to anyway. The staff is courteous and the service excellent. I'll be a regular, I'm ok with that.
5	I'm definitely a fan.I recently broke my leg, so my ability to get out and about has been hindered, but that didn't stop me from having an amazing time at Cinebarre.As soon as you walk in, you see these huge posters of some classics draping the walls.  From Jaws to Vertigo, to anything in between.  Many of films I would love to see at this venue.I sat at the bar waiting on others to show.  We decided to get a few apps while waiting.  The goldfingers are some mighty tasty chicken fingers.  Arabian nights, some great hummus with some tang.  I also tasted the chasing amy.  That is one I've got to get a hold of again and get a little more than a bite.  Its basically a grilled cheese with tomato soup, but it seemed deeper than that, almost like a tomato bisque, have to get more than a bite next time, HAVE TO.While sitting at the bar, I encountered a few different friendly staff members but one that seemed to take a special interest in making sure that my drinks stayed properly filled was Lauren, highly recommended.  After proper libations it was time to get to the theater to watch the campaign(great movie btw).Even on crutches is wasn't that hard for me to get around.  As soon as we sat down we were introduced to our server Allie.  She was like a little ninja running drinks and food for us without disturbing us or the ones around us.  The 2 pizza's we ordered were both great but the chicken run definitely stood out.  A great bbq chicken pizza, reminiscent of the first time I ever tried a California pizza kitchen, maybe even better.  The other, the braveheart was good, just not as good.  All this time Allie is bringing us some house red.Afterwards, I sat at the bar and talked to who I assume was a manager, maybe even had some ownership interest(forget the name), about what he plans to do in the future.  As well as finding out what specials they have.  I hope I talked him into putting an IPA on tap.  They've got a decent selection, but it just isn't complete without at least 1 ipa.  My only complaint.All in all, it was an absolutely great experience and will hopefully fill a well needed niche in Charlotte.  Your turn to take the neighborhood kids to the movie? Why not have a couple glasses of wine.  Want to take a date to dinner and a movie, but want it more interactive than 2 people just staring at a screen for 2 hours?  The perfect spot.  So many excuses to go.Specials:All week matinees are only 7.50 till 6pmMonday-kids eat freeTuesday-$5 moviesWednesday-$2 domestic pints(be sure to ask which ones)Brunch menu on weekends starting at 9:45amSEE YOU THERE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4	"Vincent: But you know what the funniest thing about Europe is?Jules: What?Vincent: It's the little differences. I mean they got the same sh*t over there that they got here, but it's just...just there it's a little different.Jules: Examples?Vincent: All right, well you can walk into a movie theater in Amsterdam and buy a beer. And I don't mean just like in no paper cup, I'm talking about a glass of beer..." - Pulp FictionI'm telling you, I must be in Europe because I'm drinking beer out of a frosty glass in a movie theater! Cinebarre (located in the old Arboretum movie theater) is the new "it" place for catching a movie and getting your grub & drink on! I got a chance to check out this place the other day. Cool setup! When you enter the lobby you're greeted with a huge U shaped bar. They've got a small stage for musical acts & even a couple of pool tables. The theater is set up with nice, plush chairs & a long, thin table that runs the length of the each row for your food & drinks. The waiters will wait on you throughout the movie. Great pizza, beer, & the brownies were fantastic! They offer a full menu. The staff is friendly and helpful. Looking forward to catching a few more flix here!
5	Note, this review is a little biased... I came here for my very first Cinebarre experience, and what can I say? I had a blast. Of course, this was during the Yelp Elite event. However, I'm going to give it a review as if I was there without the event. Now, you must be wondering... What did they do to the old theater?Well, they remodeled it. Put a bar in the lobby, as well as two billiard tables, a small corner stage (with single seat couches), and basically covered the walls with pictures of the greatest movies of all time. They also added a menu filled with amazing food too, just a small detail... So yeah, I guess you could say they have changed quite a bit. So how this works is that after you buy your movie ticket, you can either hang out in the lounge, bar, what have you. Or, you can go inside the movie theater and order food. I noticed when I walked in there were tables right in front of the seats. Sticking out and laying sideways was their ordering form. Also, laying on the table is their full menu. Now, order what you're craving, put that piece of paper upwards and someone will come and jot your order down. Then, either during the movie or before, someone will come by and just drop off your food. And, the food can be ordered anytime during the movie.Now, understand that they will be walking in front of your view even though I was really happy and amazed to see that they were trying their best not to, which I sympathize them for breaking their back. So, personally I think this feeling of a movie theater with food gives it more of a "home-esque type of feeling. Oh, and those napkins? UNDER THE TABLE!! I totally did not see them as they were very hidden, which was awesome.There's one problem I saw during the movie. Since there's a table in the front, it's going to be hard for people that are "vertically challenged". Now, it's not horrible, but at the same time it's going to block a little of the view unless everything is moved out of the way. Hey, eating a full pizza (that's delicious) can give some reason for the blocked view, right?*I recommend going early if ordering food. Because if you have trouble seeing in the dark it's going to be hard to read that menu.. Even though they do not completely turn off the lights it's still dark*Now, during the end of the movie they will come up to you and ask for your money if you did order food. (Either that, or you can charge it right there on the spot when you order the food I believe.) Overall, my experience was unbelievable. I enjoyed every aspect of it and even though there were some downsides I really respect all those who work there, as I can imagine how big their staff is! The service was superb and I will definitely come here if I decide to eat dinner, and want to watch a movie at the same time. Now, that's what I call knocking two birds out with one stone.
4	This is the kind of novelty we need in CLT! This emerging chain has the coolest concept - a movie theatre with a bar in the lobby and a restaurant that delivers at your seat during the movie. What's not to love?The bar/lobby is expansive with a stylish mix of brushed stainless steel and black leather, offering plenty of places to hang out. The over-sized vintage-looking movie posters are absolutely incredible and add a fun flair. The bar has several great offerings and prices are on-par with other area establishments. You can order from the bar during the movie, too!Every few rows of seats in each theatre has been removed to make room for a diner-bar-style arrangement with menus and order pads. How it works: you write the order ticket and leave it in the metal bar sticking up so the servers can see it during the show. Order food and drinks this way; they come around, scan the bar code for your seat and key everything in on a wireless device. When ready, they deliver! By removing every so many rows, they can come and go without disrupting the others. The crew is really nice and on top of things - great service all the way around. How awesome!The food you have to choose from (with clever movie title names) is pretty darn awesome. Sandwiches, burgers, pizza, and customary bar-type apps (wings, fries, etc). Great tasting and perfect flick food.Dinner and movie was never more fun!
5	I couldn't think of any knocks against this theater.First, it is not your traditional theater. It is age 18 and over only. So kids and crying babies are not allowed in the theater (except on Mondays when kids eat free) They also have a $5 movie night on Tuesdays and other special events (check the site for these. Ex. Breakfast club on Sat and Sun and College night with $2 domestic pints). The concept is a movie theater you can go kid-free and enjoy a drink and even food during the movie.When you walk in you can see murals of classic and blockbuster movie posters lining the entire place. It has a very cool vibe for nostalgia. The lobby is very open and comfortable with a bar in the middle serving your favorite drinks and a lounge area complete with pool table. At the bar, they have TVs showing silent movies.Once inside the theater, the rows are spaced nicely and each has a bar area complete with menus, condiments, and they even thought to put a roll of paper towels underneath the bar. Waitresses pop their heads in from time to time and you can signal them you are ready to order just by putting your menu vertical. They are very discrete taking your order so not to interrupt the movie for others.And the food? I went to an event where we got to sample many of their offerings. I did not have one bad thing. The pizzas, sliders, grilled cheese, brownies, nachos...all were delicious. I would easily consider this an all in one destination if I were to decide on a dinner and movie night.And because of the bar area and lounge area in the lobby, you could make this a stress free dinner and movie date place.
4	Can you love a movie theater for their brownies? I admit I'm guilty of movie theater food smuggling and I could never sneak in their food or their service.Their popcorn was buttery without feeling like you would pop an artery. I can't wait to come back and try Cinebarre again. Big time bonus for the paper towel roll at every chair.
5	This place rocks the Casbah! As the shell of the old theater that used to be there, Cinebarre is exactly what this area of town needed - a fun, easy going place to take a date, your kids, your mom out for a nice night. Forget the stuffiness of Mez's theaters uptown and the bad parking at Ballantyne Village, Cinebarre has ample parking, great food, full bar AND great movies showing all the time!We really got the red carpet treatment over here - from the Braveheart pizza I had (vegetarian, amazing, better than Brixx and Mellow Mushroom!) to the comfy seats and great flick (Will Ferrel rocks), the only thing that could've made my experience better was if it was a double feature.With a $5 Tuesday special for movies and a menu I can't wait to try more of, I'll definitely be back - with friends!
4	Just learned that all admission is $5 on Tuesdays and Wed. is $2 draft. I got a huge mimosa in a beer glass for about $5. Also saw a sign about Monday Night Football being shown at Cinebarre- worth checking out!
4	At a normal movie theater a soda is like $8-$10.  At cinebarre I can get a beer for $4.  Alright cinebarre, you cleary friggin win.  A ticket at Cinebarre is about the same as anywhere else you would go to see a movie.  The food here is not bad at all and I really do like their pizza combinations and names.  There servers are never in your way and all you have to do is write your order on a piece of paper and push into the slot inf ront of you.  Voila your food and beverage have arrived.  The waiters and waitresses never get in the way either when you are ordering and when people are ordering in front of you.The only thing to take away from this is at that in can get a little expensive for a date night .  Figure $21 for the movie and our meal 4 beers and 2 pizzas ($44) has turned going to the movies into a $70 experience. I t does feel nice to feel like you are at home with a nice movie and your food and drink around you, but at this price i might just skip the food next time.
4	Good experience at Cinebarre.  Been twice, the food is very good, prices are in one with any moderate priced restaurant.  At an AMC in Concord, I paid $20 for a lg popcorn and 2 sodas.  You'll pay less here and the popcorn is fresh and with real butter.  Pizza was good, nachos were awesome, so I'd definitely recommend if you want to snack while catching a flick.  Tuesday's are $5 ticket days so that is cool too!
4	Went here with family and friends. First, as with any new establishment, there will be some bugs to work out. We had some drinks at the bar before the start of our movie. My sister ordered some potato skins. We had to ask twice about them as they were very tardy to our bellies. They were average in quality. We sat down to watch our movie, they took out every other row to add in row-length tables. You circle what you want on the small menus and hand them in to your server. So here's where another bug comes in, of the four of us attending a very hilarious Will Farrell movie, only myself and my friend next to me managed to receive our food. My sister and her husband never got theirs. :( But, we approached a manager upon our exit and she gladly handed over some complimentary tickets for our next visit. All in all, a great idea, just needs tweaking.
4	This was a unique and interesting experience in movies and dining. This is my first in-movie server dining experience and I really liked it. I went to see the movie Loopers and it did not seem like there were nearly the pre-movie ads that I usually see at movies, BIG PLUS. The waiter was friendly, helpful, and I left him a nice tip (he earned it). The chairs were a little uncomfortable, I guess I am used to fabric seats that have some movement. The food was yummy, however it would be nice to have a healthy option as a side for sandwiches other than fries. The grilled cheese and tomato soup was too die for! So delicious. I liked the cozy, small theater experience. It would have been nice to have small lights above the food in order to see what you are eating. Loved the decor, bar, great movie posters throughout. These people are on the right track.
3	Not an ideal place for good food, nor is it an ideal place to watch a feature film - so why not slap em both together, charge a premium, and overfill the theaters with patrons - brilliant!I will say that there is a possibility the movie we saw, Dark Knight Rises which has been out for a while, may have been relegated to their "on-the-way-out" theater, but the accommodations were quite cramped.  That said, the experience is pretty cool, and if you've never been to a dinner theater, it's a good time.  I'll also give a shout out to the staff.  While paying for our food and drinks at the end of the movie, I accidentally dropped $40 in cash (two $20's) onto the floor.  It was dark, I didn't see, blah blah.  I noticed the blunder on the way home, and after I cooled off from cussing my own name repeatedly, called Cinebarre in a desperate hope that the waiter had a good heart.Well to her, and the credit of all the staff, she did.  She turned it in, and I was able to go back that night and pick it up.  I was so grateful, I came back the next day and gave her a fat tip and a thank you note.  It really was a nice feeling to know some people are still good in this world!
2	Don't get the potato skins... They are dry and disappointing. Good popcorn with real butter is nice though! I prefer epicenter...but this is convinient to those who live in the Providence area.
2	Great idea, I go to the movies every week. Nice table setup, could use a small light for writing on the order sheets, but most people have phone lights. Excellent real butter popcorn. However, most of the menu is really substandard, low-end bar food, which is a real disappointment. I'd happily pay more for better food. It's not an alternative to lunch or dinner, just not good enough. So, excellent idea, and I still go there for the movies and popcorn, but definitely not for the food.
5	So, Cinebarre can be just a theatre, just a bar, just a restaurant, just a hangout spot in the evening (pool tables and live music on some nights), or all of these compiled into one spot for an outing. I'm not usually keen on theatres that show national releases, but Cinebarre makes for a unique experience that is accessible, can be affordable, and one that can be had on a whim, if need be. The staff is so friendly and they really work to make sure you come in and get what you're expectations beckon for. We walked in, intending to have brunch and a movie, and they asked us if we wanted to order our food before we went in to the theatre. Once seated, our server came to our seats within a minutes to take our order and make sure we had correct the menus. Where the brunch menu isn't anything spectacular, the fact that they take your order, serve you, and bring you the check all before the movie is over is just fantastic and pain-free.   One of the other things I love about this joint is $5 Tuesdays. Much like some of our other AMC theatres in town that do $5 weeknights, you can check out a movie on a Tuesday for so cheap. Two for the price of one. Makes it a little easier to justify a few drinks before and during the film. Bathrooms are also spectacular. Dual entrances/exits, excelerator hand dryers, clean as a whistle. Much appreciated on this front. So happy that a cool and easy place like this is south of Uptown. Looking forward to many films to come. Hopefully the hobbit in December! Cheers, Cinebarre!
4	I like this place,.... It has potential. I've been to theaters with the similar makeup ( Alamo Draft house in Austin) so I had a comparison.  Cinebarre does well to mix  a casual vibe with a more commercial feel.  I love the fact that you can eat/drink while watching your movie.  The wait staff is very attentive and the food is good.  I've had their pizzas, chicken tenders,fries and fried pickles and they were all up to par. They have a pretty decent beer selection with bucket specials. It's also reasonably priced for the area.    I am excited that they play The Walking Dead on Sundays.....I just think that's really cool.      I look forward to them expanding their repertoire and hopefully adding Indie flicks and festivals.
3	I wanted to love this place just based on the concept alone and don't get me wrong the concept of sitting down and being served by a waiter/waitress is great.  But that alone doesn't make me fall in love.  I need great food and I need the food to be delivered timely more importantly.  That's about the only downside to the place but unfortunately, hungry me doesn't like that.The upside to the place is the decent beer selection and the nice atmosphere found at the bar.  I really like the large stainless bar and the seating is comfy.
4	It is quite a hike for us from Uptown but it is worth it when you get there.  Plenty of parking and easy to find.  The lobby is huge and has a pool table while you wait for your movie to start!  The bar has a nice selection of beer and wine.  The food is movie-themed - very fun!  While you are in the theatre, it is easy to place a dinner order and your food comes out pretty quickly.  The pizzas are great and the waiter keeps coming back to check to see if you are ok.  Great spot!
3	UPDATE - Adding a star, as I have been back twice since the last review.  Both times were very good.  Appetizer beat the main course to my seat, food was hot, tasted great, etc.  I'm glad we have a theater with a menu nearby; I'll keep visiting this place.I have been there twice.  The first time was great; food was good, the ambiance is excellent, and the overall experience was very positive.  I went today for the second time.  This time, I was in a much larger theater.  My appetizer and main course showed up at the same time, it took them forever to bring my drink out, and the food was lukewarm upon arrival.  My burger was mediocre, the service was awful, and I was unhappy with the whole deal.I'll probably give this place one more chance, just to see if today was the exception or the rule.  Until then, they get two stars.
4	I have been to Cinebarre previously and was not impressed but when I went this past Friday to see the release of Gangster Squad my faith was renewed in this place. Our server Garret did a great job with our theater. I'm not sure if he enlisted help or if they have a team mentality but I thought everything was brought to us as efficiently as possible. The popcorn is brought to you in a big silver bowl and if you want butter they use real butter that gives it a very homemade taste. My husband got a pitcher of beer which I believe was $13 for yuengling. Definitely not that bad for a Friday night. The drinks were very good. I got a sangria and my friend got a mimosa. All of the drinks have clever movie related names which I thought was cute. They are line priced with a regular bar, but I thought they were well worth the price. This was a great experience. I think an action movie or a comedy would be best to see here because people are fidgeting the entire time, and you need a not serious movie to be able to fully enjoy it. They also have fun events which I would like to partake in including brunch on the weekends and $5 tickets before noon on the weekends. I think one of the things I appreciated most was that you can get a pitcher of girls drinks. I do not drink beer so anytime I can get a cider or a pitcher of mimosas I am one happy girl. Just one last side note is that I have found free tickets to this theater in the Charlotte Observer so be on the lookout! The only reason why I did not give this 5 stars is that the waiter mixed up our orders when giving us the check. We were a group of four split into 2 pairs and there wasn't any way to tell him what went on what ticket because they drop it about 2/3s of the way through the movie. I had a fantastic time and we will be back!
4	I cannot wait to bring my husband here for date night. We don't even have to leave our seats to be served! They have a well-thought concept! They offer personal pizzas (which are large enough for two to share, unless you are super hungry), a variety of beers and wine, milkshakes, and more. When you want to order, you just shift your order vertically and it will grab the attention of your server with very minimal distraction, if any.Looking forward to my return.
4	Sound for the movies blows but nice environment. Didn't eat the food, but loved getting a glass of wine with a movie. In the future I won't see movies that need surround sound at this place, but other types of movies will be great.
4	$5 movie Tuesday's! Doesn't get much better then that. I have gone to Cinnebarre several times now, the first couple of times I went, the service was a bit spotty as they were working out their kinks. It was not a big deal for me. All new businesses have growing pains. It seems to me that they have it down pretty good now. I do recommend getting to the theater at least 15 to 20 minutes before the show starts. I also prefer to get a bucket of beer ahead of time, that way I do not have to wait for the servers or mess with the menu cards during the movie. You also basically get a free beer when you buy a bucket. There are no beer specials on $5 Tuesday's. However, all other days of the week they have really good drink specials. The menu is pretty basic with some apps, pizza, sandwiches, and burgers. Personally, I would stick with the pizza. The veggie burger is pretty good also and is probably the only somewhat healthy thing on the menu.
4	Hello Friends,Now I coulda sworn I've written a review once I left here way back when!!! No worries!!Nice setup. Bar at the entrance where you may purchase tickets, drinks, & food (which is pretty freakin good considering. A few pool tables. Imagin seatin at any movie, add about a foot & 1/2 of leg room. That's where you eat. No worries. When your done and want to sit back it doesn't block your view. Kinda like Bubba Gump or you run of the mill Brazilian restaurant where you inform someone you would like service by placing your order sheet out in the open!!Pretty cool. Mother & Child days are on Tuesdays (all movies 5 snaps). Just in case you are thinking like I did, can I come even if I'm not 1 a mother 2 no child!! Answer. YES!!I noticed they show NFL games in Sundays. Wow. Great idea. Had I not already had my NFL Ticket to see my Tampa Bay Buccaneers, I woulda checked that out. Maybe next!!TTFN
3	It's a great concept, but it was just kind of ok to me. My service was slower than I wanted it to be and I had to sit on the edge of my seat in order to reach the eating area in front of me. They told me that they don't have to-go cups, so you're drinking out of a standard glass if you have a non-alchoholic beverage. It was very dark and I was worried about sloshing. The movie experience was great but the dining experience was kind of uncomfortable for me. In my opinion it would have made more sense to have rows of long/narrow tables with comfortable swivel bar chairs.
4	If anyone is a popcorn snob, Cinebarre has the best popcorn.  It is served in a large stainless bowl and it taste like its coated with salt and real butter.  I could not believe how good it was!Cinebarre also offers bar food, brunch on Sunday, early movies, booze, $5 Tuesdays, they also show TV shows on certain nights and they were showing the Super Bowl when we were leaving..  Seems like a nice neighborhood bar vibe even if you aren't seeing a movie.  A great place for private events too.  A great addition and let's face it, sometimes when you want to see a movie, you do go to one that serves booze, even if it is a trek.
5	Cinebarre reminds me of what royalty probably experienced back in the day. The commoners would go to the "regular" theater for their version of entertainment.... because you know, they all had movie theaters back then. While the normal folk go to their regular movie, the royal crowd goes to the theater AND had dinner served to them... I mean how much more special can you feel at a place???So, In case you haven't guessed it by now, Cinebarre is NOT your typical theater. Now it's a bit pricey but I'll pay it all day long for the service and menu that they offer here. YES, MENU!!! Not feeling like checking out the latest movie, no prob, they have you covered. This place has a bar, pool tables and a juke box in the lobby. Contrary to what you may believe, the food is actually REALLY good! I figured when I came here awhile ago for a Yelp event that it would be OK food, but man they fooled me. WOW. I would seriously come here just for dinner if it were closer. When you go into your theater and get comfy, there is a little shelf type table in front of you with a pencil and a menu. You go over your food and drink selection with a server who comes and checks on you throughout the movie!!! Not only can you order the norm, you can also order alcohol. I love the place aesthetically speaking too. When you walk in, huge movie posters from the past grace the walls, and take you back to your younger days. We were met with a nice surprise as well, not only do they have those posters, they also offer a throwback for the nostalgic and whimsical folks like myself on the first Friday of every month... The Rocky Horror Picture Show!! They have actors that even act the movie out while it's playing. We didn't get to go this time, but the first Friday in March, it's a date!!! I really have nothing bad to say about this place. It's such a cool concept, and I don't know why someone didn't implement it sooner. The only thing I wish, is that it were a bit closer to home. I'm so selfish. :)
3	As far as movie theatres go, it's ok. Nothing too fancy. I know others get excited about having a waitress to take your order while watching the movie but I think it's somewhat annoying. The tables are set too high in the theatre so if you're short like me, it's hard to see the screen over the tables. I also don't really like having someone run the orders back and forth in front of me while watching the movie. With all these complaints, I guess I won't really need to come back to this theatre. I can continue to bring in my own popcorn and drink somewhere else:)
3	So I was very excited with I heard this was opening near my house. The Arboretum had gone down hill for awhile and I knew they were trying to revitalize it and I thought that this theater would help. So here's what I do like... they are convenient and have a full bar and serve things like coke floats!! They also show Monday night football, Downton Abbey and the Oscars on the big screen (how cool is that!!). They don't allow underage children in the theater unattended and I've seen them repeatedly enforce this rule.  The seating is fairly decent no worse or better than any other theater so yay for that. However the things I don't like kind of get in the way. So here we go: the food is gross! Pretty much everything I have tried here has been sub par and I know many a bar who serves better bar food which is essentially what Cinebarre is dishing out. The fried pickles, mozzarella sticks, pizza, burgers, french fries, hummus (how do you mess up hummus??), everything, it's all just gross.  The only upside is their brownie which was pretty good and the popcorn which is also good and plentiful.  I want to love this place but I just can't get past the yucky food :-/  One other thing I'm not a big fan of is that they have pool tables and a bar that people can loiter around regardless of whether or not they are seeing a movie.  You get a lot of people visiting their friends who are working and just hanging about and I foresee that leading to trouble in the future.
4	I saw a movie here on a Sunday afternoon with my boyfriend when the weather was gorgeous outside but we really wanted to see a movie. It was not very busy in the theater but that is to be expected on a gorgeous Sunday afternoon. This was our first visit and I was very curious about how customers could eat dinner and drink beer while watching a movie in a theater. I was impressed! While we did not order food, we did order drinks. The ordering process is explained on order forms kept on the bar in front of your seats. There are ample menus available and while I was doubtful at first about the response time from wait staff, I was pleasantly surprised. Everything was delivered in a very timely manner and our check was brought just before the movie ended giving us time to pay but allowing for time to order anything else we wanted. The logistics of this process amaze me and they do it very well.
4	My husband and I went to Cinebarre for a Yelp Elite event a few months back and had been waiting for an opportunity to bring our son and my Mom there .  A rainy day on our vacation was the perfect opportunity!  The theaters are decent size, the seats are pretty comfortable, and the service is good.  We did learn that it's best to get to the theater approx 20 minutes before the movie so drinks arrive before the movie begins.  We cut it close for the first show so we didn't any of our drinks or snacks until well after the movie began.  Between the 4 of us, we sampled a handful of different items and we enjoyed them all!  The Popcorn is delicious!...we're talking "real" butter!   My Mom had the "Chocolat" (warm brownie with a small dish of ice cream), my Son had a Vanilla Shake (served in a classic Shake Glass with a straw AND a spoon) and the "Goldfingers" (Chicken fingers with fries...HUGE portion, BTW), my husband and I shared the "Slideways" (4 cheeseburger slides) and they were really excellent!  We both took a bite and looked at each other in amazement...who would have expected a movie theater to produce such well-seasoned juicy beef patties with caramelized onions on "toasted" buns.  We were blown away!  (I have no idea how we missed these at the Yelp event!)  The food is restuarant/bar food...NOT movie theater food so when you see the prices, please keep that in mind.  In between movies, we played some pool to pass the time.  When not playing pool, we had some comfy couches to sit on...brilliant idea Cinebarre!   The overall decor is so much fun.  My teenage son really enjoyed looking at all of the "old" movie posters...Night of the Living Dead, Godfather, Ghostbusters, just to name a few.  They also play really good music in the bar/pool table/sitting areas.My family had a really good day and we look forward to going back again!
4	It's been a few days since my trip to Cinebarre and I have almost come down from my high... This place is beyond... Upon entering, there's an open space with pool tables on each side and a bar in the middle... The bar shows random silent movies on a television in the middle, which I thought was kinda cool... I ended up seeing something called Queen Kelly... Definitely weird, but pretty funny... I'm not sure if it was supposed to be, though... lol  There's also a jukebox (is that still what they're called now?) opposite the bar with all the latest jams...The food?  Good gracious, I think I wanted to order everything! The items on the menu have really funny movie themed names which I enjoyed because I'm just a dork like that... A couple of the guys next to me got the wings and I was kind of sad I didn't... But hey, that's what repeat visits are for... I got the potato skins and they were some of the best I've had... The skins were properly oiled and salted, the insides were fluffy and the toppings were plentiful... The only reason I didn't finish them there is because I wanted to make room for the popcorn... Okay, the popcorn... You know how people say this particular item is just like mama used to make?  This popcorn is just like my mama used to make... And I'm not kidding... It's real butter, guys and dolls...  Not that yellow stuff we've become accustomed to at movies nowadays... Completely changes the flavor in a magical way...  The popcorn is seasoned without being incredibly salty and comes in a stainless steel bowl (which prevents that loud ass crinkling noise that comes with the paper bags)... Now, I'm not sure if it's unlimited because I was rolling solo that night, so I didn't eat the whole bowl, but it's worth an ask!Now the setup... This is ultimately awesome, but it has some drawbacks... Between the rows of seating are actual lowered aisles where the servers can walk upright without blocking your view instead of crouching down to walk and/or take your order... That's got to make it so much easier for them and the viewers... The seats themselves are different than Studio Movie Grill... Instead of having the little tray top table that swivels around to your lap, there's a long table in front of the entire row...  My favorite part is the personal roll of paper towels hanging beneath for your convenience... No more asking for extra napkins or having to brush your hands off because your server's taking a while... The ordering process rawks! You check out the menu from the table, write down what you want on one of the white sheets provided and slip it into the holder... The server comes to pick it up and take it away... Then they bring back what you ordered... There you go!  It's that simple... The only thing that bugged me a little is that the table's so far away, you kind of have to sit on the edge of the chair to reach... I guess only if you're short like me, maybe...  lol  I loved this place and I will soooooo be heading back there again...  Bonus:  They show The Walking Dead on Sundays for free!  I didn't find this out until the end of the season, though... I am all up in there for next season's premiere, though...
1	I'll just copy and paste the email I sent to the company:I just wanted to leave some feedback on my visit to your Charlotte theater this morning.  I took my three year old daughter to her first movie, hoping it would be a great experience.  I've never been to a theater with a full menu, she loves to snack while watching movies.  I thought this was going to be an over-the-top-amazing trip for her.  We arrived and purchased our tickets to see The Croods from the bar - the woman who completed our transaction didn't say a word, other than giving me the total when I asked for "two to The Croods" - no personality, conversation, smile whatsoever.  The place was entirely empty. We sat down in an extremely dark and from what I could see unclean (trash on floor, sticky counters, etc.) theater and waited for ten minutes before a server appeared to take our order.  She didn't really give us any information about how the ordering process worked except to tell me that she would drop the check 45 minutes before the movie was over.  We ordered a chicken strip meal, a diet coke, a kids chicken strip meal and popcorn.  That's well over $50 with tip, food and tickets included.  The chicken was tough, overcooked and not worth eating.  The french fries were the only decent part of the experience. The popcorn was burnt and stale - likely leftover from the night before.  The movie was cute, and my daughter loved it.  The experience was horrible and I won't recommend your theater to friends.  I can't believe you charge what you do for food that could be made better in a bar and popcorn that isn't even fresh.  A movie theater that serves old popcorn and charges almost $8 for it?  Is that the business plan you have in place?  Honestly, I can't believe you expect people to pay so much for such a poor experience.I hate to be such a negative nancy, and I do choose to leave feedback with companies when I've had an exceptional experience as well, but this was by far the worst and most expensive-for-what-you-got experience I've had lately.Thanks for your time,Jillian
4	This place has a really cool concept.  I love the fact that you can eat and drink good food while you relax in comfy seating and enjoy your evening.  Staff was great when we went.  We are going back our second time next week with a living social deal.  Looking forward to seeing if its just as good the next time.
3	waitstaff in bar was not as great as the one in the theatre.  she was terrific!  food was ok, not fabulous but ok.  probably wouldn't eat dinner there again but maybe the popcorn which is served in a bowl (not a typical popcorn bowl, but a metal bowl).  wine and beer selection is good (no liquor here).  be careful about keeping your drinks on the table while you are eating.  unfortunately i knocked mine over from the chair drink holder and made a mess.  the waitress brought me another without charging which was very nice.
2	This is a good concept that needs some TLC.We went to see Iron Man 3 today. The floors were sticky, the menus were dirty, our $13 pizza was cold and small (but good)....the service was slow, but she was very nice. They dropped off food to us twice that wasn't ours then walked away. When they brought our pizza I asked for plates and they never came back, so we just used a paper towel. Then to top it off, we went to the restroom and none of the stalls we picked had T.P.!  We saw the 1:00 movie, one would think everything would be clean and stocked and ready to go for the day? If they keep this going, they won't be there for long. I won't be back.
2	I was excited about this theater opening and was hoping it would live up to my expectations.   I've gone several times, the first time was when they first opened.  Had some drinks at the bar before we went in, ordered food once we sat down.   The pizza was pretty good but cold, as was the food my friend ordered.   Service was horrible as well.    A few months later I thought I would give it another shot (maybe things had improved) ....nope same cold food and annoying server that kept interrupting the movie to pick up the check before I was done eating!  I had to tell him to leave me alone it was so bad.  The sound quality is also majorly lacking in this theater.   Sadly the nicest part of this venue is the bathroom.   (Really nice)  lol Anyway recently tried Studio Movie Grill in the Epicenter and was top notch compared and believe it or not cheaper.
3	We enjoyed "42" it was a great movie, but we were absolutely miserable due to the freezing temperatures in the theatre.  I asked the waitress to have the air turned off, but it was useless.  I recommend bringing your winter jacket and wear closed toe shoes!!!!!!!!  We only ordered drinks and warm cookies, they were fresh and yummy.
3	The Cinebarre is certainly a unique and mostly enjoyable movie going experience. I guess my caveat for others would be to know what you're getting into because I feel this is an establishment that caters to a certain young adult, casual movie date kind of crowd. It's not a place I would even really consider taking kids or even an adult movie buff for various reasons. For starters, you really need to get there at least 30 minutes before the movie starts. You'll need time to find some nice seats and place in your food orders while there's still adequate light. Once the movie starts, you'll be force to your mobile device as a makeshift flash light (a small reading light would be a novel idea) The theater is designed in such a way that provides the staff lanes to get in and out of rows without blocking your view however at times they can distract from intimacy of the film flow especially when taking order from late stragglers after the movie has already started.   The food and drink selection offers good variety. Everything I've had has actually been quite tasty (although I've heard other people who have not shared my sentiments), pizza was fresh and full of flavor and the "princess leias" (mini cinnamon buns you can get w\ ice cream) are my favorite. It is a nice feeling to have access to adult beverages if you feel the need for a tipsy movie experience. Service can be hit or miss depending on how packed the theater is but they're usually pretty friendly and helpful. The screen\sound is pretty average across the board although I've been in some where the screen seemed a bit dim or the sound wasn't quite as strong. Definitely not a place to come to on a budget, if you include the price of movie tickets, couple drinks, couple of snacks easily could spend $60 before you even realize it.  Bottom line is this, if you need a good one stop shop movie date night on a flick you aren't dying to see every detail of, by all means this is a worthwhile experience. Don't expect the best movie watching experience nor the best food around as you could probably find a separate restaurant/movie that would better suit particular tastes. For all it attempts to do, it gets a lot right even though it may not doing any one thing exceptionally well.
1	My husband and i were really excited to use our Living Social deal on our first trip to the Cinebarre. We thought the concept of food and drink while watching a moving is awesome.  This place however falls really short of expectations. We get into the hot, muggy theater with sticky floors and find our seats about 20 minutes before the movie starts. The waiter takes orders from everyone around us and skips us. Once the previews were about half over her comes and takes our order. 10 minutes after that we get our drinks. Our movie started at 7:50 about 8:55 we finally received our food. I ordered the chicken sandwich. It was cold and tough. About three minutes after receiving my food i received my check. Seriously can i try to enjoy my cold chicken before you make me pay for it!! I was so excited to have a date night here but i definitely will not return. I can see an overpriced movie somewhere else!!
5	When I heard about the Cinebarre, I thought, "this is too good to be true". But, here you have it, folks-- straight from the horse's mouth: such a heaven on Earth exists.The Arboretum Cinemas was a typical hangout for my friends and I when we were in high school, but compared to Regal, it was pretty dumpy. As an adult, I would never have thought of venturing back there, but since the renovation, it's made a new name for itself. Think 21 and uppers. I absolutely love that on most nights, only 18 and up are permitted entry, and although you will see families there, it's not the norm.  I know that if my husband and I want to go have a few beers, a juicy burger, and catch a new flick, we can do all of those things in one fell swoop. A few weeks ago we had our date night at the Cinebarre. Because we arrived early, we sat at the bar which was reminiscent of Happy Days and ordered beers and burgers. My blue cheese burger was to die for. It came on one of those massive, spongy buns that doesn't disintegrate from a few minutes worth of burger grease and melting cheese; it stood its ground and held that patty all the way until the last bite. The beers on tap are noteworthy too. Although they of course offer the regular ol' Budweiser, Millers/Coors, we found Ranger, Highland Gaelic and other tasty delights. After stuffing our faces, we played some pool, and then went to look for some seats.The theaters are all pretty small, which creates a more intimate setting. What's nice is that you don't have a huge crowd of people all around you, which ultimately compels some folks to think that it's okay to whisper, talk, text, or be rude and disruptive in general. The only drawback in some of the smallest show rooms is that if you don't get a spot on the very back row, you wind up with a sore neck at the end of the movie from tilting back the whole showing. Now-- here is what absolutely kicks @$$ about this theater-- ready?!You can order beer during the movie!!! I know-- I'm as easily pleased as I am amused, and if you know me at all, you know how I love to laugh. But seriously, waitresses come around during the movie to check on their patrons, and if you have your order card standing up tall, they come grab it and fulfill your order. Their popcorn is really yummy and not loaded with all of that fake oily MSG-laden butter like other movie cinemas, so I always order it and of course a bag of candy. Candy is candy, so sadly there is nothing special to report on that front (Hint hint Cinebarre!! Maybe you ought to try your hand at specialty truffles or some other dessert delicacy!). The service is always good, and on every occasion that I have been to the Cinebarre, I have left happy. It's a fun night out and something a little different.
1	Ive been here before and have had alright experiences. I went there tonight as a last ditched effort and they failed. EVERY time I've been to cinebarre it is FREEZING. Keep in mind the date.. June. We asked our server if she could do something about the temperature. She said that she was comfortable and that there was nothing they could do. I watched every other person on the aisle ask simliar questions regarding the temperature and she told them the same thing. I'm sorry, but if everyone is saying that it is too cold you need to make some sort of effort to change it. The food is always good to me, just be forewarned that it does take a while. They drop the check off 45 minutes before the movie is over, but if it's a crowded movie, be prepared to wait in a wrapped around line for you credit card back. After complaining to the manager, she said there was nothing she could do. My advice to movie goers at cinebarre:1. bring your winter jackets and long johns.. even in the dead of summer.2. don't come hungry or thirsty.. get your drinks at the bar BEFORE walking in the theatre if you can.3. bring a little flashlight if you enjoy seeing your food while you eat it.4. pay with cash... better yet.. just eat before you go to cinebarre.My advice to Cinebarre:1. hire more staff for busier movies.2. TURN DOWN THE TEMPERATURE!  I don't care if your staff is comfortable.. your patrons are NOT (especially if they complain and say they are not).3. and if patrons do complain about their experience.. try to make it up to them somehow.. a free popcorn or even a heart felt apology would've been better then nothing.GREAT concept.. terrible execution. won't ever go back or recommend to anyone else. my toes are still freezing.
2	I really wanted to like this place and gave it a few tries but I won't be back again unless someone drags me here.  I actually like that its cold in the theater (aren't they all?) but what I don't like is how every time I'm stuck waiting for 10 minutes or longer after the movie is over for my check or card back.  In one experience they brought the wrong order and it took 30 minutes to flag someone down to explain the issue.  If your going to do this type of theater then hire enough people to handle big movies or offer limited service.  Seats are at least somewhat comfy.
4	I took my grandmother here to see Now you see me and we loved the grilled cheese with tomatoe soup.  I also liked that it was reasonably priced.  You put your pad up to let them know you are ordering and they come to serve you througout the movie.  I also liked the chocolate shakes.  I wish they had trays instead of built in bars, as I felt I had to reach for my food and couldn't move it out of the way once I was finished.  Pay attention to the paper towels under the bar because they don't hand out napkins.  My only complaint is that the wheel chair seating is lousy and there is only room for one -- so the disabled person has to sit alone and in a corner where the viewing is lousy.  Most disabled people do not go to movies by themselves.  That was poor thinking on the part of the theater architect.
3	Multi-tasking is a way of life for me these days. (And probably you, too?) So the fact that Cinebarre is now a stone's throw from my home, and that I can have a cocktail AND watch a movie, and have a bite to eat? Well, I'm sold! I always check listings here first when I'm up for a movie night.Let's talk about the theaters. They are clean, the seats comfy, you really can't find a bad seat in the house. That's because the rows are spaced out nicely to allow room for your server. I love having a table to put my food on, although I have to admit I would prefer to sit at a 2-top or 4-top rather than a diner-style long bar... But that's just a picky point.The food is just OK, I don't think I would ever crave anything on the menu except their yummy popcorn with real butter (served homestyle in a big metal bowl). I have only ordered from the appetizer menu... The hummus app (Arabian Nights) is marginal at best, as the pita is thin and toasted so much it's more like a cracker. They serve it with some tzatziki and a cucumber salad, but you can't eat the salad with the pita because the pita breaks (and you don't get silverware with the platter, either). I have also had their sliders (Slideways), which are pretty darn yummy. You get four White Castle sized mini-burgers, perfectly chargrilled with cheese and grilled onions. No complaints there, except that I experience calorie guilt every time I order them!They have a great selection of local and standard beers, as well as a typical selection of wines. They also have a full bar, but be warned - their "house specialty" cocktails are quite sweet and not that, er, uh, potent. All in all, it's a decent experience when you don't have time for dinner THEN a movie, or if you want to try something new. Would love to see a few more healthy selections on the menu.
4	I'm a fan of Cinebarre - I love the dining and movie concept. My hubby and I got a chance to visit on the 4th of July for a matinee, we caught an early show so it wasn't super busy but the service was just a nice.We arrived 30 minutes before the show and was able to place an order.  We weren't super hungry but you have to have popcorn!  The popcorn here is awesome - fresh, hot and buttery! They also show indie shorts before the movie - which is cool!A few folks during the movie made additional orders and it wasn't at all distracting - which I appreciate! I think we'd venture out again to Cinebarre on a more happening night when we can take advantage of the bar and adults only atmosphere.
2	Food is horrible. Nobody in my party enjoyed their sandwich. The floor was greasy. The menu was wet and sticky.
3	I originally left a Yelp tip that the Fandango times were wrong for this theater, as Fandango said the show I wanted to see started at 1:20 and the Cinebarre website and the marquee behind the young lady selling tickets said 1:05.  From Cinebarre's website that said to arrive 20-30 minutes prior to the show to get settled and order, my arrival time was 12:45.  I sat in that f'in theater for almost an hour before the move actually started.  That was not a happy beginning to my theater-going experience - get it together.The young lady sitting in front of the incorrect movie time selling tickets was very pleasant.  A Thursday 1:05 pm (1:20 pm!!!!) show cost $7.50.  The facilities inside included a huge bar and some pool tables.  Chairs around.  Everything was very clean.  The bathrooms were numerous and clean (no paper towels, but they do have the super high powered hot air hand-dryers). I went to a movie that had been out for a while, so it was in the smallest theater at the end - I guesstimate it held about 50ish seats.  The seats were comfy, plenty of leg room.  The arms do not go up and down like most theaters do anymore.  There is a counter that runs along the length of the row in the small theater, with paper towels mounted below the counter.  There was wheelchair accessible seating at the top of this theater.About 10 minutes prior to the movie, a young man came in and took my order and said that 40 minutes into the show he would be coming through with the check to take care of.  First came my popcorn with butter ($7.50) served in a metal mixing bowl.  Meh.  I've had better, I don't see the AWESOME POPCORN that I read in some of the other reviews.  It seemed to have actual butter on it, which was fine, but the popcorn wasn't fluffy, it was kind of pitiful.  Where's my drink?  While I was waiting on my drink, my popcorn was getting cold.  About 10 minutes later, here comes my 32 oz. Coke ($5), served in a hard plastic cup with ice like a restaurant.  About 10 minutes after that, here comes my Half Baked ($6), which is 4 chocolate chip cookies that were warm from the oven - they were awesome and the highlight of the visit.  But for 6 bucks, I could have made a couple of dozen take and bake Tollhouse cookies - but whatevs, it's a movie, I expect to overpay.  The delivery of the items, for everyone in the theater, was a mess.  Whoever was serving the food would just come in the theater and look around asking if that row ordered the item.  Luckily, only 3 other rows were seated - but wtf?  There are numbers on the end of the aisles, correspond the order with that, right?  I was not impressed - not at all.  I hope there is a better system in place on Friday and Saturday nights, and maybe this sloppy service is just during the week when it's slow.  Never again.  The movie itself and sound were fine.  The sound was a little loud, but that drowned out the ill-behaved children, so that was fine.  The theater was cold, but I have no complaints about that - it was 91 degrees outside, so I enjoyed the cool air.  The entire theater was clean and the staff were friendly, but overall, I was not impressed.  I'll stick to Ballantyne and Stonecrest where I can get my own popcorn and drink prior to the movie at the same time.
2	I was here for lunch and a movie.  The food is better at McD's, honestly.  Service was ok considering they're trying to not get in the way of the movie.  I had chicken fingers but I suspect they were microwaved they were so rubbery.  I really wanted to give this place a better review, I had high hopes going in.  But, it was pricey for what you get and sub-par food with little taste.One redeeming quality:  They show student films instead of tons of commercials.  That was really cool.  Go for that, and to see a movie, but skip the food.
4	First, I would never say this is in Quail Hollow. This is smack dab in the Arboretum. My first two times I went to Cinebarre I was NOT a fan at all, but kept being dragged back because it is convenient and movie times seem to work with my schedule better. I have now gone several times and have become a fan, mostly because of the food!  As far as the movie experience goes, it is OK.  Because of the nature of the seating, you have a bar almost at eye level which takes some getting used to. And while having wait service through the movie sounds like a great idea, it is annoying when a waitress comes by with you bill 40 minutes before the movie is over. It absolutely ruins the movie since at that point you have to lean forward and try to quietly have a business transaction with the waitress while not bothering anyone around you AND not missing any of the movie.   And I will guarantee you that at some point during the movie, someone will accidentally kick the metal cover to the stands and make a loud dinging noise. So why do I like it? The FOOD IS SO GOOD.  You can't beat the convenience of dinner and a movie at the same place, especially around the Arboretum/Stonecrest area where wait times for dinner on a Friday night can be over an hour at some places. At Cinebarre, you can go, sit, order, and not miss any of your movie.  I tend to go to bed early because I am super cool, so getting dinner AND then staying up late enough to see a movie was not happening for me.  This way my old, tired butt can watch a movie and have dinner and still be home in bed by 10 on a Friday night.  (Again, it's because I am so cool). On to the food, which has really changed my opinion of this place.  I am not a meat eater, so I LOVE the Braveheart pizza which is spinach, sun dried tomatoes, artichokes, garlic and goat cheese.  Not only does it taste good, it is big enough for two people to split for $13.  In addition to a variety pizzas, they have the standard bar fare of cheese sticks, chicken fingers, wings, all of which have adorable movie themed names like "Some Like It Hot Wings", "Children of the Popcorn" and "Soylent Greens Salad".   There is also a full bar that serves wine, beer and mixed drinks including a Donnie Daiquiri and a Lolita Margarita.  And don't forget about dessert!  Try the Princess Leis, 6 cinnamon rolls dripping in vanilla cream frosting. This past Sunday I went to the 10:50 am movie, which in retrospect is a GREAT time to go. We had 6 people in our theater and the ticket price was a mere $6 vs the normal $10.50 rate. (TIP: Movies are $6 ALL DAY on Tuesdays).   The full menu was available but they also have a brunch menu available Saturday and Sundays before 2pm. I had a hard time choosing between the French Connection french toast, the Desperado burrito with scrambled eggs, peppers, black beans and cheddar but ended up choosing the Breakfast of Champions, a pizza with ranchero sauce, scrambled eggs, goat cheese, spinach and tomato. It was DELICIOUS.  I ate half of it there, reheated the rest later the day and am craving it so much I am thinking of going to the movies again this coming Sunday just so I can have the pizza. Is it perfect?  No....but given the other theaters around town, I'd choose Cinbarre any day.
3	This was my first time back since the Yelp Event about a year ago, and although we enjoyed ourselves I don't know if we're in any hurry to return.Even though they set you up with a bar feel when you walk in, looking at some of the prices you quickly remember you're in a movie theater (that's still "working on" the liquor license). We were the only two at the bar, so I drank my over priced wine and eventually ordered a $5 box of candy for the movie (how could you not?). At about ten til the movie was supposed to start we figured we'd move into the theater, but they were still cleaning it. So we waited til after the showtime started to go in. Not a huge deal, we were in a fairly tiny (under 50 person) theater for a movie that had been out for quite some time, but I was unimpressed by the "cleaning". I'm not sure if the fries they left on the floor two seats over from me were there to tempt me in to ordering some, but it definitely kept me in a seat closer to the door. We didn't have any paper towels, it just reeked of stale food and many things were sticky... it kind of threw me back to those days in the freshman dorm. We opted not to eat anything but our candy and enjoyed the movie, I have to say the server for our theater was great. I saw people order food at the beginning and noticed their empty plates at the end but never saw her bring the food or anything else. The staff was pleasant, and I think it's great that they show breaking bad and panthers games for free on a huge screen... but getting to have a pizza and a beer while watching a movie here still doesn't put this theater above the ones I usually go to. I'm glad it's still an option though.
2	This is a good concept that needs some TLC.We went to see Iron Man 3 today. The floors were sticky, the menus were dirty, our $13 pizza was cold and small (but good)....the service was slow, but she was very nice. They dropped off food to us twice that wasn't ours then walked away. When they brought our pizza I asked for plates and they never came back, so we just used a paper towel. Then to top it off, we went to the restroom and none of the stalls we picked had T.P.!  We saw the 1:00 movie, one would think everything would be clean and stocked and ready to go for the day? If they keep this going, they won't be there for long. I won't be back.
3	I love their popcorn and I actually think it's a great idea. But then sitting in the dark with your food so far away and people ripping the paper towels off the roll and making noise and waitstaff doing their best to stay out of the way leaves a little to be desired. Anyway it's definitely worth a trip to see if it's for you. If you love it then the 5 dollar Tuesdays will be great and the various groupons will make it easier to go.
3	For many years, the dinner-and-a-movie experience did not go well, at least in Charlotte. Now it seems to be doing much better. Or at least better. Though the seats in Studio Movie Grille are way more comfortable, the service at Cinebarre is - on most viewings - a lot better.The menu offerings are also better at Cinebarre, though even those have gone down since they opened, both in quality and quantity. What's worse is the drinks are priced closer to a move theater than a restaurant - yet they want you to think you are in a restaurant. It's a little odd, actually.After attending a few movies, the best thing to do is generally to eat out front in the bar area, then go in and watch a movie with whatever leftovers you may have, so you can nibble through the movie. And unfortunately, you don't get refills - even on water. It's a shame, since the drinks can be a bit pricey. Understandable on alcohol, but for a rather expensive soft drink? It would be a nice touch.The theaters themselves are also hit or miss. The larger ones (with mostly stadium seating) are solid. The smaller ones are pretty bad, since they had to rip out half the rows. Definitely go for newer movies, as older ones can get a little dicey.Also available are television premieres, such as The Walking Dead and even some events like football - those can be free (of course, the food isn't). Those are more interesting, so you might want to check them out.
1	I have to disagree with the other reviews as my experience was nothing but negative. My best girlfriend and I went there one evening in search of an experience that I had whilst I was in California. We received two free tickets to any movie of our liking and even though it is close to forty minutes away from the house we decided to go. Upon arrival we gave them our free tickets, and they gave us nasty looks. We ordered the tickets for Thor 2, and the attendant said that he would be right back. He came back a few minutes later and brought with him a manager. She told us that she cannot honor these tickets on a new release. It said in the paper good for any free movie. She then told us that the free movies were on a list and these were the only ones from which we could pick. We argued for five minutes, and she gave us nothing but attitude. She kept interrupting us, and we said that the ticket clearly stated that it was good for any film. She said in this condescending voice that we did not understand what she was saying; that we obviously did not read the information correctly. I work in mortgages and loans and my best girlfriend is a financial advisor. We are used to reading contracts all the time. I asked for her manager, and their store manager begrudgingly gave us a ticket. Her attitude towards us was a facade of niceness. We were not the only ones complaining as other people were in the same situation. They let everyone into the film of their choice regardless of what they saw. The majority of the people saw Thor 2. Some of the people thanked us for being assertive and expressing our valid opinion to the management team. We arrived inside, and there was a server who came to greet us. She asked if she could bring us anything to drink or eat. We declined because we ate earlier. She said that if we needed anything to hold our card up and she would come. About a hour into the movie my friend became thirsty. We held up our card and nobody came. She walked to get something to drink but another person stopped her. She told us that she would get our server. Our server never came. At the end of the movie the woman took tips at the door and thanked us for coming. She asked if we would like to leave a tip. I said absolutely not because she never did anything for us. I am not the type of person to complain about bad service, but I will complain if the service is beyond terrible. The concept is great, but they need to take some customer service advice from the theatre I went to in California. This would include  having a push button to notify the attendant that you need something, and hire people who give great customer service. I will never go back to this theatre! I will frequent my normal theatre(s) on Monroe Road or Park Road. Even though they are not as up to date with indoor fixtures, there is something that they have that Cinnebarre will never have. That would be great customer service and attendants who smile and thank you for your patronage.
4	Loved the popcorn in the stainless bowl.  Service was great! Sangria with a flic?  I'm in!
3	No one asked me how I wanted my burger cooked so I assumed that it would be well-done.  Well it was not but it was so dressed up, I couldn't figure what was off about the texture until halfway through the burger.  I had to shine my phone light on it to figure it out.  They did not charge me for the burger so they fixed the problem but I hope they're working on preventing it in the future.  Besides that, the atmosphere was nice and the promotions even nicer.
2	Have been there several times and usually food is average at best.  Last time I was there got sick as a dog because all of the red pepper shakers for pizza were full of mold.
5	This is a great way to enjoy a movie. Full bar, draft beer, pub fare, all while sitting in your comfortable theater seat. The venue was great. I will still go see IMAX movies when there is a great action flick out, but for a great relaxing night at the movies, this can't be beat. Waitress service at your seat with a bar in front of you for your food and drinks is great. Whenever I needed a refill or we decided to have something else to munch on, just wrote down our needs on a white board and the waitress came right over to take care of us. Highly recommend you try this if you haven't before. We will definitely be back. It has redefined our movie nights!
1	Annoyed every time I come here now. Used to be great but has gotten worse with each visit. Bad management I think. Ahh, confirmed that. Just now, my wife's wine glass had lipstick on it. Not her's, new glass. Management was huffy.  Not anymore. Trying Epicenter dinner theater.
5	This is the only way to see a movie. The servers are fantastic. The bar has an AMAZING selection! Food is great! I like to get pizza. And their desserts! Incredible! I get "half-baked" it's warm cookies and it's delicious. Also, the menu items are movie inspired names and it's so clever!
3	We frequent this cinnebarre for the convenience factor and concept.  The food typically is 4 star, what happened yesterday needs to be corrected.. We orders out usual popcorn, which is freshly popped with real butter. As for food we tried something we have never tried. Grilled cheese, which is accompanied with Annie's tomato soup. We liked that idea instead of fries and planned on sharing. The sandwich itself for $11 was cold and the soup.. Uh it was more like chunky luke warm tomato paste. I'm not sure what happened but we told waitress it wasn't we were expecting. So we just ordered side of fries... They were hot when brought out and crispy! I always order the splash, it's my favorite drink. It's a nice size glass of sangria that is always consistent! The drinks and most items on menu are, but there are a few you need to watch out for.. I wish they would get better about majority of food items on the menu since this is their concept! Really should of rated it 2 stars as there were only 6 other people in the theatre on a Tuesday. Personally unacceptable to have had to wait 15 mins after movie started for her to come back and place our order, I don't know why she was SO busy. I guess the other theaters.. But this is where they need more servers.. My sandwich shouldn't of been cold and really who the heck hasn't tasted that soup in the kitchen.. Good grief. Try this place, it is truly an awesome experience when everything is done the right and on time way! Management needs to get in there and get to work with the staff. Hope it gets better...
2	For a concept based on service... It gets a big fat fail. Everything we ordered was completely forgotten about... Literally had to order twice. Beverages, apps, entrees, dessert.... They were not however, forgetful of collecting money. To spend over $100 for 3 ppl for the bare minimum... Not worth it.And why on earth would you plate your menu items in crinkly loud deli paper?! We are at the movies. Geeez. Overall a bad experience. Won't go back. The whole concept needs more attention... Esp this specific location.
2	I really was excited to check this place out.  Unfortunately, our experience was a disappointment.  The place looks really cool and it's a great idea... just executed poorly.  We paid $10 for a Long Island.  I'd be surprised if there was even an ounce of Aristocrat premix in it.  I've had many a Long Island in my time and this was surely all sour mix.  Neither my husband nor I could bring ourselves to drink it.  I got a mudslide which was good.. but again... I feel certain I was shorted on alcohol for the price I paid ($10).  I was freezing the entire time but I guess that's typical for a movie theatre.  All in all I felt everything was ridiculously overpriced even for movie theatre standards.  To top it off, there was no toilet paper in the bathroom stalls.  I left frustrated.  I definitely would have bought more than one drink even at $10 had it been made correctly.  I feel like I got cheated and for that I'll never go back.  Bad business.
3	I think I like the concept of Cinebarre more-so than the execution.  Granted I remember going to the Arboretum Theater before it changed hands so the place has definitely transformed.  We were trying to catch a movie on Saturday evening so it was pretty crowded and we got there without much time to experience the bar area.Just ordering a milkshake for my one "let's see how this goes" went ok.  My order sat up on the counter/table for a while, but the nice girl got to it and it came out relatively in good time.  I'm not a big fan of how the table and seats are oriented, you almost have to get up out of your chair to reach something or put your drink down (it was a little awkward).  The epicenter theater has me spoiled with their swivel tables.Overall, it wasn't a bad experience.  I just would not have gone out of my way to see a movie here like I would see one downtown.
1	This place was horrible. It was not clean. The staff did not seem very friendly, and to top it off, it was extremely cold. I will definitely not be going back.
2	Headed to Cinnebarre for the first this evening to watch a movie with my book club. I was very disappointed in the layout. I am on the shorter side (5'3") and the counter in front of our seats was too tall by about 5 inches. I had to stretch up to see the bottom of the movie screen. It was also very cold, although I was wearing a sweater, and had to wear my coat the entire time. We did not order food so I cannot comment on the service or quality. I prefer to watch my movies with an un-obstructed view.
4	Came here on date night last Saturday and had a great time. Arrived a little early and some a drink and some apps at the bar. Service was friendly and prompt and the chicken fingers and mozzarella sticks were quite tasty, especially the chicken fingers. We then moved into the theatre where we placed an order for some popcorn with REAL butter and a pitcher of beer. Again, service was prompt and friendly enough but it was busy. In order to get a good seat make sure you get there 20-30 minutes early and just order a drink, a snack and sit back and relax until the movie starts.
4	Ok, here's the situation.  It was a Saturday afternoon and raining cats and dogs. What to do with my 5 year old daughter?  Go to the movies right?  So off we go to Stonecrest.  When I couldn't find a parking space I knew I was in trouble.  Of course every soccer mom and their kid had the same idea and the movie was sold out.  CRAP.I go on my trusty phone and saw the same movie was at Cinnebarre.  I'm a man who learns lessons quickly and I purchased my ticket online through Fandango and we drove to the Arboretum.  I was a bit skeptical because when I was younger I went to the same theater with my friends so I thought it would be a bit run down.It's a bit different here you know?  When you walk in there's a nice sized bar with tables and chairs.  I even saw a pool table.  We were early and walked into the theatre and again, different.  There are less seats, but they were comfy....leather high backs with a row table in front with a menu and an ordering card.  Everything on the menu from Appetizers (wings, cheese sticks, hummus and pita chips) to full on meals (pizza, burgers, etc...).  I ordered the popcorn for my daughter and I along with 2 dinks (32 OZ).  Prices weren't that concerning to me since you're in a movie theatre and nothing seemed unreasonable.  They had a full beer and wine menu also for the people that are into it.The waiter came buy and answered questions.  He wasn't the friendliest, and customer servicy, but whatever I was there for the movie.  We got our drinks and popcorn before the move and it was served in a silver bowl like at home with real butter.  Very classy.It was a good experience, and I think the reason I liked Cinnebarre so much is that it wasn't crowded with 5 million people.  I like that.  The food and drinks being served was an added bonus.  Great place for a date IMO.  If I were to nit pick I'd have them clean the menus up literally, they kind of stuck to the table.Other than that.  Nice experience.  I will be back.
3	Cinnebare is a great concept- you don't have to do any work really except write down your food and drink orders and watch the movie. That said, the concept is often poorly executed, I've noticed there three or four times I've been here. On a Saturday night, we were one of ten other people getting tickets at the counter for the later and last movie showings of the day. The girl working the counter seemed to have no idea or concern of what she was supposed to be doing. We watched her pour drinks and take people's money for movie tickets, and then walk straight over to her friend and start talking with her friend about some bracelet she just got. It took us 15 minutes to get our tickets and drinks... Which I'd understand if the place was slammed, but it really wasn't. Where was her back up? I saw a "management" type in a black polo walking around, and judging by her conversations, I don't think she had much of a handle on her job either. After finally getting our ticket situation figured out, we head to our movie and sit down in one of the smaller theatres. I assume they save the smaller ones for movies that have been out for a while. Cute idea, but you can hear other people's conversations around you. It's also right by the back exit where they roll trashcans out to the dumpsters, which can also be noisy. You'd think this job would be a stupid easy way for a server to make money, if they're good at what they're doing, but ours only made an appearance when she peeked in and saw a whiteboard propped up (I caught her popping her head in the door a few times).
2	I'm glad to see I'm not alone in my bad experiences here. I've given this place two chances, but the bartenders have ruined it for me. Both times I came in, sat at the bar, and waited for a good 8-10 minutes without being acknowledged. It wasn't busy either time and there were multiple bartenders working. Once I had to move to right in front of a bartender before she asked me what I wanted. The other time I had to flag one down and ask if I could order.On top of that, the bartenders were rude and insulting. The experience that stood out the most was when I stood up after receiving my drink to walk over to the lounge area and sit on a couch instead of at the bar, and the bartender asked if I was leaving. She wanted to make sure I knew the drink wasn't "to go."Yep, pretty sure I know I can't take my alcoholic beverage out onto the streets. Thanks for the insult to my intelligence, though. To top it off, the counters in the theater are way too high. As someone else said, they're difficult to see over unless you're sitting in one of the first few rows. I've been to other theaters that execute the same concept with friendlier service and a much better menu. (If I'm spending a lot on food, I don't want a chicken sandwich or a side of fries. How about some more creative menu options?)I'll stick to places like AMC's Fork and Screen. Here's hoping they open one in Charlotte.
3	I'd had this place bookmarked for a while, so when I finally had the opportunity to visit I was super excited. The setup is similar to other theaters where you can eat full meals and drink, you write what you'd like from the menu and prop the card up and they bring it out to you.It's typical movie prices here, but I love they the items are all named I reference to movies. I kept it simple and just ordered the bowl of popcorn and a coke. Everything was fine, my only complaint is how far the tables are from the seats! I wish there was a tray that folded out or down so I didn't have to reach so far for the food. Perhaps this is only a problem in the higher rows...next time I'll sit lower and see if the table seat ratio is better. But overall I enjoyed the movie and my experience. The service was good and there are a couple other menu items I'm looking forward to trying. It makes for so fun date night or girls day out so I'm sure I'll be back!
4	Came here for the first time Tuesday. I was very impressed. Small theaters, great menu. Great vegetarian options and everything was very good.
1	I have one word: gross. I got sick when I went there from their chicken tenders. The only thing good on thief menu is popcorn.
5	Okay food, drinks, movie...what is not to love??  I have gotten some hefty tabs here-mostly because we ate and drank plenty with the movie (instead of ordering dinner I would suggest a pitcher and maybe an appetizer).  My husband loves movies here since during the night it is adult only and you can relax with a beer.
2	I've been here several times before, and have enjoyed the movies and food.  However,...It's Sunday night and my wife, two friends and I am looking forward to seeing the new movie Edge of Tomorrow, a Tom Cruise film, at 7:35.  We get there and order drinks, and start to enjoy some previews.  Though, we all notice that the lower half of the screen is a bit out of focus.  It almost seemed as if the lower half was in 3D.  So, we mention this to our nice server, and she goes to tell the manager.  Just as the movie starts we see an adjustment to the focus, and it seems better.  However, now just the lower 20% of the screen is still out of focus.  It also seems to not be so greatly focused on any quick motions, which this film has a lot, as it's a high-action film.  So, we mention it to our server again, and she says she'll take care of it. Well, we finished the movie, with the lower 20% out of focus, and the bad focus on high-action scenes.  On our way out we don't see a manager, so I tell the only server I see at the moment.  We tell her that the film seemed out of focus, and she says, "was it theater 7?"  Funny she asked that, as it was.  She continues to let us know its been a continual issue with that theater, as its their 3D theater, and the management is trying to fix it.  Though, that doesn't help us, as we've seen it already.  Why let more people see a movie in that theater knowing there is an issue?  It amazes me that this continues going on.  The previews of this film on my home tv look 20 times better in quality than this theater 7.  It shouldn't be that different.  More people will see a movie in this theater at regular cost, and will also be bothered by the quality.  That's, to me, a really poor management decision.  People buying tickets to a film in that theater should be told before they complete their purchase, to make a decision to see it or not, and also get a partial or full refund after they see the movie, as the quality is the worst I've ever seen on a movie screen.  And this includes Park Rd's movie theater.The server was nice.  The food our friends had was good.  The film was great!  The quality of the theater was poor.  Really poor for $10.50 a person.  2 stars.
4	The drinks are overpriced and the movie selection isn't the broadest, but I have a good damn time at Cinebarre every night I go. I could blame it on the alcohol, which is right around $10 a drink whether you're having a simple rum and Coke or a grown-up milkshake (and they aren't stingy with the pour), but I won't. Something comes through at Cinebarre; you can tell the proprietors really love movies! It's in the awesome poster art hung on the walls, the comfortably intimate theaters that periodically house special screenings and hold movies way longer than other first-run places, so if you waited around for a flick you really want to see, chances are you can catch it here. They've successfully created just a good, laid-back adult cinephile vibe. And the floors are never sticky.
1	Don't come here on Sundays and expect any service. I'm currently sitting in the theater and the a-hole waiter walks down half the aisle and turns and leaves. Common sense would obviously send you down the entire aisle. Last Sunday I came and the ticket office, projector operator and wait staff all came late. So my 10:10am movie started at 11am. All I want is a mimosa!
5	I have raved about this place since going here for the first time a week ago. I can drink while watching a movie? And wait...you'll bring me more drinks and I don't have to get up? And you're sure I can watch the movie while eating and drinking? Sold! This is a neat place. The seats were comfortable and the theater is spacious. That was all I needed to hear. The food is to be expected...classic American fare. Nothing extraordinary, but the Pamburger was pretty good. The only drawback is you can't see what you're eating since it's so dark, but a cell phone works in a pinch. The table is also quite far from the table, so you can't lounge back and ear, but you can get over that. All in all, an enjoyable experience. Definitely going back.
3	We went to Cinnebarre on a Sunday afternoon to see a movie to switch things up a bit from our usual SMG experience. Unfortunately, we did not eat anything from the menu because we were not up for the selections they had. The price for the ticket was slightly more expensive than SMG, but that is due to the fact that SMG is always on Groupon and you can get $5 tickets no problem. The seats were amazingly comfortable and the process in which to order the food was quick and easy. Overall, though I would say that we will be taking our business back to the city for a slightly better price and menu.
4	It's a cool experience. I would not suggest going however for a movie you know will be crowded because you're all up on the person beside you (Which can be good if you like or know the people on both sides of you) and have to eat and share counter space and it gets to be a lot if you actually want to eat. The food here is good. The last time we went to a late showing and weren't let in until after the previews had started because they were still cleaning which kind of sucked but overall I love this place.
3	It's a pretty cool concept but I had some problems. It started out fine. We were happy that we were only one of two groups in the theatre on a random Tuesday afternoon. We ordered an extremely expensive pizza which was ok. Then we ordered chips and queso. A young man very quickly brought food to our table. But it wasn't what we ordered, it was some cinnamon buns or something not even close. 10 minutes or so later, our server picked it up. Another 10 or 15 minutes went by, and our server brought some chips and salsa to us, explaining that they were making some fresh queso. After another five or so minutes, she brought what we actually ordered, along with our check (and no apology for the ridiculous wait). Our check? It was maybe halfway through the movie! I guess she was done with us. She came by to pick it up before I could put money in it (because I wasn't ready to pay...for one thing I like to be able to SEE my bill before I pay it), and then again, but this time she stood there watching me until I put money in it. We never saw her again after that. I would have ordered more food but never got the chance, and that really irritates me. It was my birthday.The food is SO overpriced!!
4	Initial impression upon walking in -- Neat. I've been to theaters similar to this on the West Coast and I really miss having beer and food delivered to me at my seat. Its such a novelty. Came here on a Thursday afternoon and it was pretty empty, which I was pleased to see because there is just something about having a whole theater to yourself that is fun.  I ordered the grilled cheese & tomato soup. It was alright, but definitely not worth the 11.50 plus the two extra dollars for bacon. It came to me luke warm and then I had to wait on them to make the tomato soup which also came to me luke warm. The tomato soup tasted like straight up marinara sauce. My sister ordered a pizza and she said it was pretty good and seemed to enjoy it. The girl came half way during the movie with the bill, which we found kinda odd. Kinda hard to see what I'm paying for in the dark. Wasn't really ready to pay for that until the end of the movie, but whatever. I think I will be back next time I am in the Charlotte area. Its not an ever day thing for sure because of how expensive it is, but it is something different to do every now and then.
4	There's no better way to enjoy a movie.  Seriously!  You can get popcorn too but why not enjoy an entire meal and really feast during the movie.  If you've never been, Cinebarre is a hybrid movie theatre and restaurant.  The seats are stadium-style traditional high-back movie seats and there is a small bar-like table.  While Cinebarre is billed as a movie theatre for adults (since you can get alcohol too), it's not a bad place to enjoy a matinee with the kiddos.
1	We went to the movies there last night, we order dinner and drinks. Dinner was okay we're still waiting for our drinks they never arrived. Movie started and we never saw the waitress again. Left alone with no drinks in the dark this place sucks!!
1	If I could give this a zero I would. When we walked in, there was a sign for "$10 bucket of beers". Then we ordered two buckets of coors light. When we got our check they were $20 each!  They screwed the people around us too. I absolutely will not be coming back here. Don't waste your money of him on these scammers.
1	I'm a very positive person, but I'm hard pressed to find a positive thing to say about my experience here. The venue is nice and staff is friendly, but after that it goes downhill. The lines on Friday night are crazy so get there early if you want to actually see a show. We were there 30 mins early and order a pizza, some appetizers and a bottle of wine. It tookTWO hours to even get a glass of water, let along our meal. Once we finally got our food, at which point the movie was almost over, it was COLD. In my opinion, there is no excuse for that. The concept of this theater is great, but with the horrible food and service, I will not be going back.
1	I used to LOVE this place when it first changed over to this concept. But every time I go it gets worse. This time, we got there 45 minutes early knowing it was going to be busy. No one even took our order until 40 minutes later, then our bucket of beer arrived...One. Hour. Later. I could have walked to Harris Teeter, bought beer and ice, and walked back in that amount of time. Then our food came an hour after that. So we waited over 2.5 hours for lukewarm burgers. I get that they're busy, but the movie ended before I had time to finish my food!
2	I avoided this place for two years thinking it was too expensive for me. I was right and wrong. The movie tickets were about the same as you'll find elsewhere. The food is a bit expensive. I got a burger and fries, my wife got a pizza. If I could do it again, I'd get a pizza, but both weren't worth what I paid. I recommend getting something that can be eaten by hand because once the lights go out, you can't see the food. We got a bucket of beer (5 for the price of 4). Again, $5 for a bud light is a little pricey in my opinion. I ended up spending about $60 for food alone. There is much better food in Charlotte for that price.But I suppose it's about the experience. If you go, get there early and get in your seat. The theaters are pretty small. My wife and I went straight in and picked seats right in the middle (in hopes that people wouldn't walk between us and our food if they got up during the movie). A group of 8 or so women that purchased tickets in front of us stopped at the bar in the lobby. They got into the theater later and couldn't sit together. You can order drinks in the theater, no need to stop at the bar. The service we got was excellent. I'm glad I experienced Cinebarre, but I probably won't be back.I did see an ad that said they open during Panthers games for free with drink specials. That might be worth checking out.
2	Needs to be more like the place in the epicenter. Hate how you have to write your order on a dry erase board. The movie we saw was in a theater with 2 rows so we were starring straight up which isn't fun for your neck or easy to eat.
3	Cinebarre's concept sounds good in theory. However, they way that it is executed here takes away from the experience of going to the movies. First off, your seat has a counter in front of it with a white board to write on. You leave the board with an order, stick it standing up, and someone comes to read it and bring you what you wrote down. The problem for a small woman like me is that this counter/table thing in front of the chairs obstructs my view of the movie screen. It is extremely distracting to have wait staff walking around the theater during the entire movie. Its hard to order because you cant see the menu or the board you are writing on. You have to fish through your purse and use your phone for light. This is also very distracting to the people around you trying to pay attention to the movie. The food itself is average and way over priced. I prefer the traditional grab dinner and then going to a movie rather than trying to do both at once.
3	Good food considering its a theater. The burger is excellent.  But the waitstaff is terrible and slow.
1	Horrible terrible service EVERY.SINGLE.TIME. Don't bother complaining though because it will not fix the problem. The only reason I have gone here as much as I have is because if you are actually able to order food it's usually pretty damn good. Love their sliders and fireball whiskey shots!!! It's just unfortunate that the service and prices are so miserable. Also, if your under 18 they probably won't let you in without someone 21 or older. They turned away my son and his girlfriend. Good news is that it's not usually very crowded. I can't imagine why.  Sorry for the harsh review but that's what happens when your service is consistently bad and you obviously don't care!
1	After waiting an hour, we were told the kitchen couldn't make what I ordered. An HOUR goes by before you figure that out?! The burger my husband ordered was burned. This was supposed to be dinner and a movie.He tried to go buy popcorn, but no one at the bar would acknowledge him so we left the theater starving and pissed.
1	As with most theaters these days, it is completely over priced- even more so. A package of twizzlers and 2 packs of sour patch kids: $19.95! What? So the movie was only $7.50 per person to get in but they're slamming you on the snacks. This is for the totally lazy, I don't come to the theater to have my candy brought to me at my seat. I got it myself at the bar. This is great for a date but not for kids goin to see Night at the Museum. What a waste.
4	Went with my sons to see the Hobbit. Cinebarre has a nice bar area and there were a few folks hanging out having drinks while waiting for the show. I would like it a little better if they put a couple of small lights on the bar in the theater so you can see to pay your bill during the movie. Nice place, with a good menu. The food is pretty pricey though (10.50 for 5 potato skins and 10.00 for a milkshake) bit what do you expect at a movie theater. Popcorn is a good choice at about 6.00 for a big bowl with REAL BUTTER!!We ha e been several times and will definitely go again. By far the best way to see a movie in Charlotte!!
2	GREAT CONCEPT. Poorly executed. I wanted to see a few different movies and have multiple experiences before I wrote this. For starters the ticket prices are a steal! BUT they make their money from their food and drink sales. The service is VERY slow, I mean 47minutes for a hamburger and cold fries slow. And then there was cheese on it that I didn't order (and cheese costs extra too). The burger wasn't good, McDonalds quality. Then I never got my popcorn that I ordered. Then after all of that my bill was just completely wrong so it took another 20 minutes to track down my server and get it corrected. They did give me a voucher for a free movie ticket but again, they make their money from food sales. Also two of the three screens for the movies either had a line through it or a yellow splotch.Skip the concept. Just go to Stonecrest and have a typical movie experience! Plus their popcorn is better!
