3	When you wander in off the street in the middle of the afternoon, it's a pleasure to find a place where you're treated well, the drinks are cold, and the food is good.Nor was it obvious that it was a pizza place. (That is the only menu item, aside from a few calzone choices.) Fortunately, for the purposes of this review, my wife and I consider pizza as one of the three essential food groups.We ordered our drinks first, and were well into happy mode when we opened the menu and found the pizza-only offerings. Hey, we're not purists, but maybe a few choices?We ordered a medium Hawaiian and took a few minutes checking out the decor. The place is well-appointed in muted 60s psychedelic with plaster mushrooms and a painted school bus right out of the Partridge Family.The waitress kept an eye on our booze, and was prompt in suggesting another round when the glasses got a little low.The pizza arrived in good time, and I deemed it worthy. The toppings were plentiful and the crust was above average in flavor.The only food negative was the crust was overdone -- a little too dark on the bottom and around the edge. Which brings us to the next problem; the pizza wasn't cut all the way through. Tear the pieces off by hand. Hot pieces, with cheese.Wipe your hands and pick up the fork for the first bite. It was the cheap stainless flatware that is so thin, the edge cuts into your hand.Minor irritants, for sure; but irritants nonetheless.But by then, physics had taken over and the slice was cool enough to pick up and bite as God intended.Good Pizza, reasonably priced at $14 to $19 for a 14-inch medium! Lots of flavor with lots of topping. We'll be back.
3	Mellow Mushroom has been a long favorite of mine and I have enjoyed their food in many cities. It is great to have a Mellow in Charlotte again.   The food is great and the beer list is better than most.  But I have to say that the service was strange, awkward, and poor.  The waiter kept hanging around our table as though he wasn't certain what to do.  He would clear plates that weren't finished, bring refills for drinks that didn't need them, but neglected to ask if I would like another beer when my glass was empty on more than stop at our table.  At one point our waiter brought a replacement water cup for my son's water (still half full), grab the straw with his hands from the cup my son had been drinking from and put it into the new refill.  I'm not a parent overly concerned about germs, but I found this a little strange that the waiter saw it his duty to move my son's straw. I appreciate the atmosphere at Mellow Mushroom, but wonder if the staff might be "on something."  It wasn't just this waiter either, my wife and kids had been there a couple weeks prior and had a similar experience with another wait staff.  Will be back because the food is that good.  The pizza is always good, but they also have great salads and hoagies.  One of my favs is the tempeh hoagie.  Definitely go, mellow out, and enjoy the food.
4	Glad to have a Mellow Mushroom back in the area.  I have been trying to replicate the pizza I love from there at home and you just can't beat their crust, it never turns out as good!  We decided to be adventurous and try a pie we'd never had, the red potato pie.  It was fantastic!  Who would have thought potatoes would be good on pizza?!  a world to the wise, the pretzels aren't pretzels, they are pizza dough in the shape of the pretzels, which was disappointing since i'm a huge pretzel fan.  We ended up so full from the pizza dough pretzels that we each only managed a slice of pizza!  The beer list was a little weak, but I expect it will get better once they are open longer.
3	Magic Kingdom meets Motor Speedway meets Hippies, Beer, and Pizza.The most diverse selection of veg protein toppings in CLT - BBQ tofu (hm!), jerk tofu (HMM!) and tempeh (*GASP*) are the choices aside from pesto tofu (eh). Pizzas are greeeeeeasy, salty, and satisfying, and extremely unhealthy. I know it's pizza. But still, good GOD with the grease. Did that stop me from eating slice 2? Nossir.The bright lights in your face, no garlic on the table, and unabsorbent logo-bedecked recycley napkins will remind you where you are (a chain) and what the original once was (VW van booths, well built specialty pies, regional beer selection). A good place to eat in if you're a breeder. Might be better off with take-out if not.
4	One of the stars I gave Mellow Mushroom may have just been because I was so excited to see it come back to Charlotte.  I shed many tears when the previous franchiser closed down his doors while trying to break away and open Moon Dog.  Bleh.I have had three great experiences so far at the new Mellow Mushroom in Myers Park.  Going exclusively on Friday or Saturday night, I've never actually had to wait more than 10-15 minutes.  The staff is working hard to get people seated and keep people informed of their wait.The bar area is nice and open, although it would be nice to have a little bit more space to congregate, rather than backing up onto tables if you're two deep at the bar.They have great selections on draught beer.  I was excited to see that they had a lot of North Carolina beer on tap like Big Boss and OMB.The food is pretty consistent with what you love and know from Mellow Mushroom.  I think they still have some kinks to work out with their pricing and/or the waitstaff's knowledge of how to key things in.  For Example:Got a cheese calzone with buffalo chicken in it (effectively a buffalo chicken calzone).  The first time I was charged correctly ($7.95 for a cheese calzone + $2 for buffalo chicken), second time not so much ($11.95 for a chicken calzone? + $2 for buffalo chicken).  I didn't realize the mistake until later, but consistency should come through experience over there.Overall, excited to have MM back in Charlotte!
3	Great location! They have a lot of creative pizzas. We got the veggie one and it was okay. I think I was expecting more flavor and I just didn't get it. The service is okay, not a lot of pride in the job, but we didn't feel neglected either. One of the major perks is the patio. On a beautiful day, you cannot beat sitting on Selwyn, watching one of the tvs, and enjoying the sun. This is A-OK in my book, a lot of hype, okay pizza, great location, but not itching to get back anytime soon.
2	I wish I could give this place a better rating but the place was crowded, took over an hour to get a seat and then about an hour to get our food (which wasn't that good!) To me the experience was not pleasant. Not in a rush to get back there. Beer menu was good with additional cool beer concoctions like the dirty hippy which is two beers mixed together. Fun atmosphere with a casual feel. Just too many people on Saturday night.
1	It is difficult to write a review of a restaurant where one has not tasted its food.  I have been here twice and have never been served!  The first time was on an extremely crowded Saturday night.  The outside patio, the bar, and the restaurant were completely full.  The inside was so noisy that earplugs were just about necessary, so I put our name on request for the outside patio.  They said 10 minutes for an outside seat.  I said that was fine.   After 20 minutes they never called us and the hostess was nowhere to be found so we left.  Also, the waiting area is RIGHT in front of the entrance door and people were constantly trying to get past us and everyone else who was waiting.  What a stupid setup!  The 2nd time we came here about 4:30pm on a Friday afternoon.  Hurray, no waiting!  We were seated outside immediately, however no one came to take our order after 25 minutes.  I left and we told the host about this.  They didn't seem to care.  Looking at the menu, the drinks are very overpriced here.  I won't come back to this place!  It is obviously mismanaged.
4	Big fans of Mellow Mushroom, and we are so glad to not only have it back in CLT but just up the street in our part of town.Disclaimer: had they opened in Lake Norman, I am such a big fan of MM I would have been schlepping all the way up there, no questions asked.I like the decor ... kids thought the indoor bus was fun to check out.  We are going to have to try out the big party tables in the rear sometime.The food was typical MM ... which in my book is fantastic.  Love their eclectic topping offerings, and that dough is terrific as always.  My favorite pizza in Charlotte.  (Said by a guy who obviously has too much of an affinity for pizza.)
5	When you talk about pizza you have to talk about 2 categories: down & dirty pizzaria style and fancy pants pizza restaurant style. Mellow Mushroom takes a swing at the latter category and knocks it completely out of the park.We were here on a Saturday for lunch and had no trouble getting seated (although we might haveif we wanted to wait for the patio). We immediately perused the impressive  beer list and settled on a pitcher of Highland Gaelic. The bf ordered some garlic cheese bread while we decided on pizzas and for this I am indebted to him. So cheesy, so garlic-y, so delicious (esp. once we added red pepper flake that was sitting on the table). You must eat it, okay?I went with the Philosopher's Pie (steak, portabellos, artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, provolone, feta & mozzarella on oil & garlic sauce). The mushroom slices were large and firm and the brine from the hearts and olives was in no way overwhelming. At one point while eating my eyes may have rolled back in my head in delight, just maybe. He went with the house special sans olives (pepperoni, sausage, ground beef, onions, green peppers mushrooms, roma tomatoes, ham, bacon and extra cheese). As far as supreme pizza combos go this is apparently as supreme as they get.We left feeling OH SO fat & sassy and with half of each pie in a box, so head somewhere else if you are just a bit peckish...unless you want to eat leftovers for the next 2 days. I'd just like to throw in here at the end that there was a bit of a discrepancy in the sturdiness of their supplies. I swooned over the heavy pizza servers and thick glass pitchers but those had to have been the saddest metal forks I have ever seen. Oh well, had the fork failed me I would have Jersey folded that baby up because I wasnt missing out on a bite.
4	Yay we have a Mellow Mushroom. Mellow Mushroom was one of my favorite hangouts in Raleigh so I was stoked to find out one had opened here. I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because of the fact that they don't take reservations..we had a large group of fourteen people and we did end up waiting almost an hour and 1/2 for a table. Luckily this place has a great selection of beer and a nice bar area. What really made up for our long wait and a bunch of cranky hungry adults was our waiter Tom I honestly don't think I have had this good of service in years. Tom put in our appetizers right away made sure we all had drinks split our checks a million different ways and trusted us with the gratuity. Even though seating is first come first serve they have really large tables that can seat at least 14 people together and its a great place for large groups. Now for the food. I've eat-in at other Mellow Mushrooms and the food has always been pretty good - I don't know if I was starving our what but my pizza was awesome. I had the red skin potato pizza it tasted like potato skins on bread it was amazing and I could only it one piece it was huge. OR maybe it was the pretzel appetizer that I was full from. All in all check this place out you won't be disappointed.
3	I will start by saying the pizza at Mellow Mushroom is good and they have a good beer selection. However, we will not be going back any time soon because of the crappy service and terrible atmosphere. We were there Sunday evening around 5:30 and were seated right away. As we were there we saw kid after kid come in. It was like being in Chuck E. Cheese. There were even kids in the bar area. It was extremely chaotic in there. I don't know if it is always full of kids or this is just a Sunday night thing. Also, our service was not good. Our server scoffed because we didn't want to keep our dirty salad plates to use with the pizza. He did not check on us a single time after we got our pizza, never refilled a drink. When he brought us the check he didn't say a word. I'll stick with Revolution in NoDa.
5	I had the "red skin potato pie" and my girlfriend had a mushroom and cheese pizza. Both were excellent!
5	My inner hippie is so happy that the Mellow is back in Charlotte! I'm still perplexed why they left given the crowd that was there on a Friday night but image they will be staying for years to come. They don't take reservations and the place was packed which made it a bit hard to get a drink at the bar but the service was quick (thank you bartender for scanning my ID for more than five seconds, you don't know how much that boosted my ego). Tons and tons of beer on tap plus beer specials of the day which allowed me to try some I've never heard of before. Like other locations, they have the psychedelic bus plus booths, tables and extra big wrap around booths with a backdrop of Woodstock. Service was great but the big dilemma was what to order. I am partial to their Magical Mystery Tour but was thinking about their Kosmic Karma but the Tour yet again won my heart. One o the girls I was with is vegan and they even had options for her--score! The crowd (which I found it amusing that it was packed full of yuppies) seemed to dwindle down around 815P so if you're not looking to wait long, may be a better option to wait a little for dinner. They have a huge patio area which faces Selwyn where you can watch the cars pass or drunkards of Selwyn Pub, I imagine myself coming back in the summer time to enjoy that. All in all, lived up to my expectations and then some of past Mellow visits and looking forward to my next visit!
5	YUM! I am not a pizza person, but this place might turn me into one. We went on a Friday night, 11pm and they weren't offering their main menu, instead a late night menu, which is as follows:Slices - $1.50 + 25 cents per topping (all toppings available)Wings - $0.50 eachBruschetta -  $3Spinach Artichoke Dip - $3Hummus - $3We started off w/ the bruschetta and my taste buds were high fiving each other it was so good! Crumbled feta on top, there were six 2 inch rounds on the plate and all were fresh and delish (did I mention only $3?!).I tried the buffalo chicken pizza w/ pineapple and the jerk tofu w/ jalapenos and both were A++. My date got steak and onions and BBQ chicken, and the steak was so great he ordered a slice to go for lunch the next day! Pizza was just great and I'm excited to try more combinations.Our server was Tom and he was great - attentive but not overbearing. I had a specialty beer drink called The Lava Lamp - Guinness, Stella and some Framboise - YUM! Only $5.50 too :)Only beef I have with this place is the lighting is HARSH. We sat in a booth under a bunch of street lamps they have set up as decor inside - we were the only people there and it was just TOO bright. Uncomfortably bright. Don't know if they can dim the lights as the evening goes on, but it was enough to agree to always sit at the bar away from those lamps!
4	We had a good trip to Mellow Mushroom on a Friday night. Although it felt more like a Chuck E. Cheese crowd or Kids Eat Free night with small humans outnumbering adults 2 to 1. Sure we were mad at first that there was no room to eat on the school bus, but i'm over it. We ordered the buffalo pizza and liked it a lot. i mean $20 for a medium pizza seems a little high on my pizza price scale, but that's the way it goes for a delicious pizza in a fun environment.  They appeared to have some wickedly huge booths that could probably seat more people than i know at one table which seemed kind of cool.   i was pleasantly surprised at a reasonably priced delicious beer on special for $3 draft on a Friday night. Also, outdoor patio will be nice to enjoy the weather and for those who prefer not to stare at the 1000 mushroom tips decorating the inside.
2	I love Mellow Mushroom and I was excited to find out we were getting one in Charlotte. I've now been to this location twice.  The first time i just picked up take out.  The bottom of my pizza was completely burned and the pizza was so greasy the toppings were falling off.  I know this isn't the usual experience at Mellow Mushroom, so let's just caulk this up to growing pains.My next visit I decided to sit at the bar because it was a Friday night and there was almost an hour wait for a table.  I didn't realize Friday night is kids eat free night, it was more like a Chuck E Cheese than a Mellow Mushroom.  There were actually two little girls with their babydolls sitting beside me at the bar.  I am happy to report the pizza was great this go around, but I'm still not sure this location has found their groove like the Asheville and Charleston locations have.
4	Yummy pizza with quite a selection of specialty toppings.  We had the buffalo pizza and it was delicious!  We got in right before the supper time rush and the wait staff were friendly.  They have some large u-shaped booths that would be good for big parties.  The decorations and bright colors are fun and on the verge of psychedelic.This place was a bit more kid friendly than I anticipated.  I almost felt like I was at a Chucky Cheeses because practically every table had 2 or more small children.  And don't even try getting a table on the magic mushroom bus in the middle of the dining area because it's packed with kids.  Not that I'm anti-kids, I just felt out of place without any little people at our table.They have a large outdoor patio that looks nice but unfortunately it was too cold to go outside during our visit.  We will be back, but maybe at a later hour for a more adult dinner.
4	I have never really had a bad tasting pie at any of these "chain"  locations. The pizza came out nice and hot and I am truly a sucker for wheat dough. They have a nice selection of draft beers and a cool school bus to enjoy your pie inside of.
4	I debated with giving Mellow Mushroom a 4 star, but I definitely think it is a 3.5.  Charlotte is lacking in the "great" pizza department, but Mellow comes close.  Let the analysis begin:Food:  Mellow Mushroom has many creative dishes and goes beyond just pizza.  Their salads and apps are excellent.  They also have calzones  (I think they are a better value than the pizza if you are going for an individual).  Most recently I got the Philospher's pie (steak!) and hummus - which were both tasty!Ambiance:  this operation is a little more done up than some of the other MMs I've been to.  They have a colorful bus and many interesting things to look at.  I specifically enjoyed the little springy mushrooms by the booths.  They move and bounce, try it out.Location:  location in Myer's Park is excellent, one of my favorite little areas near Selwyn Pub and Yoforia!!  Perfect for post mellow drinks or desert.Service:  the service wasn't outstanding.  I ran out of water and never got a refill and was extremely thirsty!Final Comments:  MM is not your typical pizza place.  It has it's own little niche in the world of pizza that I can appreciate, is customizable and a general crowd pleaser.
5	I had to go back a second time before writing this review to be sure that I was right. Maybe there was some extraneous factor to my first visit here that colored my perception? Was I just really hungry, or was I caught up in the hype? So it's been a few weeks since then and I went again late on a Saturday. And, well, you can see the stars. My brain didn't trick me the first time around.Mellow Mushroom makes every other pizza place look plain and mundane in my eyes. Walking in the door is already a huge sensory rush - it's bright, colorful, the decorations are warm and cartoony, the music is rockin' and my GOD does it smell good. Instantly my expectations were met with the atmosphere.Step one: ordering. The menu's big and the beer list is diverse. Everything from $9 pitchers of Magic Hat #9 to $20 pitchers of Young's Double Chocolate. Order a pitcher (it comes with incredibly sturdy glassware) so you can dig into the menu. I've stuck to the pizzas and calzones as it's hard to break such a delicious habit. I have heard the sandwiches and salads rock too, so if that's your boat you won't be hung out to dry. Side note: if you want an appetizer, you must MUST get that cheesy garlic bread. Holy crap, it was like eating the food equivalent of gold.But what really brings me here is the pizza, and it has yet to disappoint. The crust is crisp and has a bit of sweetness; it's thin in the middle and thick at the edge -  like getting a free breadstick with every slice. I repeatedly order the House Special, a supreme pile o' flavor starring pepperoni, ham, sausage, bacon, olives, onion, green pepper, mushrooms, and fresh-sliced Roma tomatoes. Every piece of my pizza was bursting with fresh flavor and I could taste most every ingredient. Danielle has had the Philosopher's Pie and the Buffalo Chicken on our two visits and I've tasted both with impressive results. The Buffalo Chicken was especially impressive and had a great spicy flavor to compliment the chicken.The one request I have of you, fair Yelper, is to try something new. I typically avoid mushrooms and olives, but they rocked my world on this pie. Don't just get a pepperoni and cheese because you will miss out on what the Mushroom has to offer!
4	So far, the best pizza that I've had in Charlotte.  LOVE the whole wheat crust.  Great atmosphere, though a bit too Chucky Cheese-ish as a lot of people have mentioned before.
5	This place is as good as it gets ! I have had pizza all over Charlotte and this one tops them all....If you are a purest, ask for the original veggie...add pepperoni if you like...It's outstanding....It's not on the menu but they'll know what you want ! Great atmosphere -
4	Do you have the munchies for an undisclosed reason?  Like your pizza joint with pyschadelia memorabilia and menu items that evoke memories of So-Cal, circa 1970?  Wanna eat in the magic bus?  Well, I think Mellow Mushroom might do the trick.  Despite the overly-thematic interior, I thin the latest reincarnation of Mellow Mushroom has alot of potential.I went on a Saturday afternoon and was surprised at how family-friendly this place is (lot of little people-thanks, Sam P.).  We waited a long while for the food to arrive, but when it did-holy mackerel!!!  I ordered calzone that covered a platter plate and served with marinara sauce.  It's been a long time since I've had a good calzone and this one really hit the spot.  Real steak (not the frozen meat strips like at the grocery store), ricotta and mozzarella cheese, onions, and bell peppers.  Dios mio, I'm in love!  I ended up taking about half of it home, for which it made a gluttonous lunch the next day.Our server was friendly, he answered several questions about the menu and made suggestions.  What was I expecting anyway...an aloof  stoner?  However, he could have been more attentive with refills and "how is everthing?"s, ya know. I hear they have trivia, so I will be back so the world can see how much useless knowledge I posses.
3	In the land of Charlotte pizza, Mellow Mushroom falls squarely in the good, A-OK category for me. I've been to many a Mellow Mushroom - Atlanta, Charleston, Raleigh etc. and while this location didn't disappoint me, it didn't thrill me either. The Good: 1) The decor is hippie kitschy with a really cool school bus in the middle of the restaurant. I want to eat in a school bus. 2) The bar is pretty spacious and they have trivia on Monday evenings.3) Beer specials *can* be good, all depends on the night you go. The Fine:1) I've had a variety of pies from Mellow Mushroom and I've enjoyed the White Pizza and the Veggie.2) Our server was on point with multiple checks and beer orders. However, we did ask for a few things off our pizza that were left on, though. The Not So Great: 1) The wait can be astronomical - and it's not *just* because it's a new location. Folks flock to Mellow Mushroom. In droves.2) That being said, there can be tons of kiddos in the restaurant. Now, I don't have any problems with little ones - they have to eat too. The environment can be bit too conducive for the wee ones to run amock and into tables. Not so great. 3) It's a bit pricey for what you get. Since I don't love love love the pizza, paying $20 for a 14" pie leans on the higher pie price point.Will I go back? Sure...if I can have a low key evening at the bar with minimal wait!
5	Yay, Mellow Mushroom is back!  Eating here is a really fun experience.  This one is actually a bit more fancy on the inside than the Asheville or Boone locations, but it's in a fancy part of town.  Fancy other than the mushrooms growing out of the booths and the bus parked right inside, with booths and names scratched in the paint.  The menu is downright chatty and kind of makes me laugh.  It's got starters - oh, excuse me, "munchies", salads, hoagies, and of course pizzas and calzones.  All of which are customizable.  Just choose a base, a sauce, cheese, veggies, and protein.  And some of the protein is not animal based for the vegetarian crowd.  There are also several sauces to choose from, not just your standard red sauce.  You can also choose from pesto, olive oil and garlic, or barbecue.  The quality of the ingredients is the best part.  I've never had anything from Mellow Mushroom in any city that wasn't delicious.  I'm not into fancy pizzas so I always just go for the standard pepperoni and olives.  The cheesy bread is magic, and the spinach and artichoke dip is creamy and comes with crostini for dipping.  I don't know exactly what kind of bread they use but it's really good.  They also feature an extensive beer list to go along with their extensive list of ingredients.  Nothing goes with pizza like beer!  Get your beer and pizza (or calzone, or salad, or hoagie) at Mellow Mushroom and you won't be sorry!
3	Oh Mellow Mushroom; how cool you are, but my love is more of a like for you. I'll be honest right away - not my favorite style of pizza crust, which is why it's just OK to me. I'm more of a thin crust person, but that said; the pizza is pretty good and the options are many to choose from. It's a funky place with a great beer selection. Yes, PBR is there for all of us premium drinkers, so enjoy. The also have trivia, but the they're in the early stages, so the cell phones are still out too much and the cheating is considered cool (not cool)...ha. If it's your first visit, go during the week, or get take out, as if you go on the weekend, you'll find every family in Myers Park in line waiting for a table.
2	awful.  and this coming from someone who gives every place pretty much a four or five star review.  pizza was ok.  employees were nice enough.  but the parents who go here use it as free day care.  kids were running around everywhere, beating up on each other.  my kids, who are no angels, but know how to behave, were horrified.  parents came up to us afterwards and said "sorry" - uhhhhh, too late, you think?  the owners need to screen parents and their kids before allowing them to come here.  this was not a mellow experience.  i still have nightmares.
5	We are seriously lacking in the "kick a** fresh ingredient doesn't taste like a factory made pizza" scene here in Fort Mill, but I'm more than happy to drive myself 15 min into Charlotte whether we stay to eat or to pick it up to go. (they should deliver to Ft. Mill, I'd totally pay a fee)Over the course of a decade in the Carolinas, we have tried every single kind of pizza on their menu, as well as the calzones, hoagies, and soups. Anytime we are in Columbia or Hilton Head throughout the year, we know where to get awesome pizza and a beer. The new Charlotte shop is so fun to eat in, we can actually get the kids to stay in their seats.So yes, we are huge fans and my kids all sport Mellow Mushroom tshirts, it's also the only place in the world I can get them all to eat hummus.You had me at Magical Mystery Tour. Delish!
4	As always a diverse beer selection and some great pies to choose from. I think tonight they may have been short staffed because they were on a 30 minute wait and had several open tables that were not sat for awhile who knows good pie and beer!!
5	Pitchers of Stella and a 16 inch  Mighty Meaty pizza that was MIGHTY MEATY!  Enough said.  The pizza was delicious...covered in 5 different meats...long wait, but well worth it.  I'll be back...soon!
4	This is a fun place to eat. They have have great pizza for vegans and non-vegans alike. It's actually rather impressive the large amount of options vegan folk have when ordering a pizza there.They also have a great beer selection, in fact I am a member for their "beer club", where you can get prizes for drinking beer. The price for their beer is also very reasonable. I'm 90% sure all of their crusts are gluten free as well, which is a plus but doesn't matter to me as much as just having yummy vegan goodness.The only reason I'm not giving the MM 5 stars is it's quality fluctuates a lot. Some days I'll go in and it's great service and food quality, other days I go in and It's ok (never a bad experience yet).I do recommend the garlic bread, just let them know to make it vegan if that be your preference.
4	Checked out the Mellow Mushroom last night... I am still kicking myself for not visiting this place sooner!  The places along Selwyn have been sprouting up left and right so the area is pretty nice to spend an evening in.  Never-the-less, I was super hungry when I parked and ventured in with a friend.  It was a Tuesday night so there were a ton of tables available (none in the bus though :(  oh well).  Tuesday nights is apparently trivia night so we walked in halfway through the 2nd round of questions.  It was actually kind of fun racking our brains for the answers (while we were waiting on our food) but not really playing at the same time.I ordered the 10" Kosmic Karma... man was it good.  All the pizza is baked to order so it may be a wait for the food - SO WORTH IT THOUGH.  To entertain you, you could probably order an appetizer or sample their extensive beer selection.The staff seemed to be a mixture of people and very laid back.... don't expect quick service here, but I guess the lackadaisical service adds to the mood of the place.  I didn't really mind it too much.The only downside I did take note of was the noise level of the restaurant... granted there was trivia going on so there wasn't any music playing but maybe it was a combo of the HVAC, the kitchen, and all the conversations around us....
4	Mellow Mushroom was in Charlotte several years ago but because of a franchise dispute, they were all pulled out of the market.I literally jumped for joy when I learned they were coming back. Simply put, you will not find a better pizza period. The only detractor is that is very pricey for a pizza and the menu can be a bit overwhelming.Their calzones are also top notch.Another great thing about Mellow Mushroom is the variety of beer. I am sort of a beer snob and enjoy many craft beers. Mellow Mushroom always seems to have something I have not yet tried.If you have never been, you need to go yesterday.
4	Its a shame this place is a chain. I'm a huge, huge fan. This is my new "vegan who needs to keep meat eaters happy" location. They have a plethora of toppings to choose from, the crust is JUST the right thickness and they even have vegan cheese.I get the Mega Veggie without cheese and add pineapple. Its pretty tasty. My only complaint is for an 8" pie I have to drop $13. Thats a bit pricey. Oh, oh, oh, oh. And Sunday nights are karaoke nights and they're open until midnight (which is UNHEARD of in Charlotte).
4	The cheese pizza is good, but  even better when I add Jerk Chicken and Pineapple... yum, yum!   This "shroom doesn't have the best selection of beer in town, but they have great service so it's definitely worth a visit.
5	Best pizza in charlotte in my book. Great kid friendly atmosphere, but cool bar area for grabbing some brews at the same time
3	So I've heard many a good thing about Mellow Mushroom and have been itching to get myself over to the now not-so-new location on Selwyn Ave. Tonight I finally graced the restaurant with my presence.I was impressed with the sheer size of the restaurant which doesn't look that big from the street, it also wasn't that crowded for a Tuesday night (not that I expected it to be). I went against the grain and got a salad instead of a pizza (I eat pizza a lot). There were plenty of decent salad choices on the menu, I decided to go Greek (anything with feta screams my name). The waiter recommended the Esperanza dressing so I went for it, and thank goodness for that! The salad itself was H-UGE (the regular is more than enough for leftovers) and the dressing was perhaps some one of the most scrumptious I've had - definitely get it if you go.The only downside was the wait for the checks. And if that's the only downside I'll give it another go and try the pizza when I return.
5	The Mellow Mushroom at Selwyn is the best pizza place in Charlotte! My husband and I love everything from the light baked pretzels as an appetizer, the ability to create our own mouthwatering "Christmas" pizza, always requesting  the best server Rio, and of course the unique school bus you can dine inside. The managers are always friendly and interacting with the customers, too.  No cons to this place at all - will keep eating here!
4	I do not actually know why Mellow Mushroom left the Charlotte market a few years ago - but whatever the reason, they seem to be doing a bang-up job this time around.This location on Selwyn was handing out slices - for free no less - but they still managed to have a crowd that was waiting to get in.  They must have been waiting for something other than cheese or pepperoni pie.Like everyone else, we waited for our table, and were oh-so-glad when the food came out.  We chose the red potato pie (or something along those lines).  Think of a loaded baked potato spread out on a pizza crust and you will get the idea.  Talk about tasty!Other than the wait and the prices that others have mentioned, the only real downside to the experience was the appetizer.  We tried some of their pretzels, and they seemed to be made of the same dough as the pizza crust.  Not surprising, but they just were not as good as a good sourdough pretzel with a hard crust on it.  You might want to skip these and save room for the pizza instead.
3	House special. This is the pizza I get EVERY TIME & almost every time it is perfect, sometimes it's not.Getting it to go is way better than eating it there.  While I love the decor inside, the staff is just OK. We've had to wait a long time to even get our pizza. However, any time we've ordered it to go, it's ready & waiting for us, after the 15 minute trip over there to pick it up. The inside service is pretty slow, even if they aren't busy.So for the pizza itself...it's yummy. The slices are huge & mama mia, the toppings are plentiful (which I love).  Again, sometimes the pizza is better than other times.Families LOVE this location, so if you don't like kids, you're best to get your order to go.Like Nicole, I've been to plenty locations, really almost every one in NC.  Charlotte though has some catching up to do to be on the level of the other locations.
4	Wonderful pizza, consistently same quality. Very good craft beer selection and a great spinach salad (get the dressing on the side---strong). Cool decor, bring the entire group
4	I love some good pie and well this is great stuff. Not the best but also not the stuff that tastes like cardboard that you order to your dorm room in college ie. dominoes. The reason I have been going here religiously for the past month is TUESDAY NIGHT TRIVIA. Plus you know, My Man loves the Beer.Pizza is solid like I said and either veg or meaty it is solid, nuff said. Beer here is pretty vast. Man has tried a couple then found a Blue Point Toasted and that has been his mainstay. I'm usually so dehydrated from being at the farmer's market that I'll throw back waters all night.Service is on point. The bartender-dude is a pretty rad guy. Always takes good care. SO ANYWHOOOO this TRIVIA night is pretty fun. Lately they have been doing like decade themes and those are fun. The cool part is the round prize is a pint-o-beer or $10 gift card. Yup being smart and knowing useless things can actually pay off who knew? The music is lively and the hosts: Evelyn Rose are pretty cool. Yall should come and enjoy this awesome shin-dig Tue nights!
5	Its a mellow mushroom, what else do you need to know?  Unless you've never been to one, then I will explain.  There used to be quite a few of these things around Charlotte and all over the southeast US actually.  Its not necessarily traditional pie, but oh is it tasty.Kind of a hippie themed place, but all are welcome.  I highly recommend ordering the bruschetta the second you walk in.  Great deal and amazing taste.For this occasion I went for the gourmet white, although I normally am quite fond of the jerk chicken(pizza or hoagie).  Provolone, mozzy, and a little bit of feta give this such a rich and gooey texture with a little bit of bite.  The EVOO and garlic base gave it just the flavor I was looking for, then add the sun-dried tomatoes and I'd call it close to perfect.  If a white pie ain't your thing, the cosmic karma is kind of close with a red sauce and some pesto.  FYI:The pizza is a little pricey if your going solo, but not bad per person if you order the bigger sized ones.  They're are some huge round tables to accommodate bigger parties.The beer selection at this one is great for a restaurant in Charlotte, but I have seen a few Mellow's with more beers, so its all relative.  This month they have a sale on Abita beers and that IPA definitely did the trick.  Have caught myself going back just for the booze since.I got so caught up in my food and drink I forgot about the service.  It was great.  Prompt, considerate, and kept my water full and beers coming.  That said, I felt a little sorry for my waitress(Sherydan).  The people behind me kept complaining that it was taking too long, but there is a sign that says, "pizza made to order", so it takes a bit.  I didn't know people went out for pizza when in a hurry.  She was waaay more polite than I would have been, so I hope she got tipped well, she did by me at least.The ambiance is quite intriguing.  If you walk in through the back door and look to your right, there is a whole wall devoted to Woodstock.  Once you walk a little further inside you see there is the frame of a bus with seats inside to your left.  The bar is very nice and surrounded by lava lamps(that are apparently for sale?).  And all over the place there a little mushrooms.  The bathrooms were quite clean, especially for a pizza joint.  They are open till midnight or later on Sunday nights for karaoke, don't know of any other restaurant in town like that.If your looking for a NY slice, this ain't your place, but if your looking for some good pizza and a cool place to chill, this is your spot, especially for this side of town.  See ya there.
3	Mellow Mushroom has a definite funkified feel...just take a gander at the psychedelic 70's bus in the middle of the dining room.  (The kiddos love eating in the bus from what I've seen.) While I can't complain about anything, I can't rave either.  The salad was typical salad, the meatballs were typical meatballs...and the pizza, well, it's good, but not the kind of pizza I like to go out for. We had the mighty meaty and house special pizza, and it was LOADED with toppings and cheese.  This is one dense, doughy pizza.  If that's you're thing, then go for it.   If you're like me and like a thin, crusty chewy Neapolitan style pie, this ain't gonna cut it. Overall, I'd go for pizza and drinks on a casual night, but other than that...find me a good pizza joint where I won't feel greasy and bloated afterward!
4	Mellow Mushroom sticks out in the Myer's Park neighborhood for all the right reasons- laid back atmosphere with pleasant service, a casual family-friendly environment with colorful decor, and it's deliciously scrumptious pizza. When entering the restaraunt, I immediately notice the vibrantly colored murals, the bright bubbling lava lamps over the bar, and the many flat screen tv's that line the walls (there's even tv's on the patio!). If you enjoy a relaxed environment where you can catch the game, race, or even the news while enjoying a beer, this is the place for you. With ample seating,  this  Mushroom offers quite a spacious environment. I noticed several large groups sitting toward the back of the restaraunt (under the festival murals), which told me they are capable of catering to birthday parties, and social gatherings. If you have children that are easily fascinated, the "magic bus" will be your first choice seating arrangement- and you can't miss it! It's a REAL schoolbus that was painted and overhauled to fit tables. Be forewarned, they do NOT offer reservations, but the hostess took our names, gave us a buzzer and we were seated in 20 minutes(Granted, we went on a weekend night). Despite having to wait, the staff we encountered were very pleasant, and seemed to enjoy doing their job!Now- the best part- the food and drink:The menu offered several choices of appetizers (pretzels, spinach dip, hummus, caprisse, wings, etc). We chose to try the spinach dip, which came to our table bubbling hot from the oven, served with crispy garlic toast points. It was gooey, cheesy, and nothing short of incredible, most importantly- the spinach and chunks of artichoke were fresh, along with the layer of shaved parmesean that came on top. Sooo good. While we pondered the rest of the menu, I embarked on the beer list. If you like good, high quality beers and microbrews, the beer list is a gem. The drink specials they offer are quite reasonable, considering most of the beer IS craft brew. Tonight they were offering Abita pints (their featured brewery of the month) for $3.50 and $11 pitchers. Knowing our own thirsts, we settled on a pitcher, which went quite swimmingly with our meal.If you like a thin, greasy, foldable triangle slice, this ain't NY. The crust is hand tossed, the toppings are all fresh, and the pizza is baked to order. That being said, you'll wait a humble conversation or music-filled 30 mnutes for a pizza if it's very busy. Understandable, because this isn't Domino's or Little Caesar's- I saw at least five people tossing dough in the kitchen, and two others pulling pizzas out of the oven. That tells me enough. And the wait was well worth it! The crust was a nice brown (but it's NOT a wheat crust, i was told). They brush their yummy crust in garlic butter and parmesean cheese, which can only be good! The cheese was practically dripping off each slice, and the toppings were a-plenty. We got the philosopher's pie- complete with artichoke hearts, kalamata olives, feta, provolone, mozz, and steak. It was every bit of delicious that our server promised us it would beThe best thing a pizza place can offer is variety and options. They offer a gluten free crust and a list of gluten free ingredients, and if you prefer, vegan cheese. If you want to modify or build your own pie from the ground up, you can do it here. They will accomidate it all!Based on this experience, I'm definitely coming back. Next time, for lunch. Though it's not advertised on the menu- this particular mellow has lunch specials (a mere $5.95 for two slices+drink or a slice+salad+drink, if you prefer!!). If ya haven't jumped on the bus yet man, you better hurry up!
5	Ok, so I love pizza, I eat too much of it and so does my husband but we have both agreed this is the best pizza we have had in Charlotte.  I'd seen this chain around in other places but never tried it out.The location of the place is great and the atmosphere inside is cool, they have an old bus that's painted you can sit inside and all of the servers are nice and friendly.  There's always a beer special that's decent and pretty cheap too.On to the pizza, I've been more than once and each time we have gotten the same thing.  Pepperoni and Mushroom pizza, I'm sure all their other flavors are amazing as well but this one was so delicious we just stick with it.  The crust is a little crunchy but still chewy, the cheese is melty and salty and the toppings are great.  I was stuffed and still ate my entire half of the pizza (I think we got the medium sized one?)  Anyway, it's not the cheapest place in town but it's worth it!
4	Family friendly, close to my house, and they serve any pizza you want on gluten-free crust. Fabulous. I have taken the kiddos here a couple of times and I have always received excellent service and good pizza. My husband begrudgingly eats here ... he thinks the pizza is just ok because the crust on their regular pizza is too thick for him. If you, too, are from the NJ/NY area, you might also want to try somewhere else. If, however, you want great toppings, nice servers, and a gluten-free option, come on down.
5	Love Love Love the pizza and atmosphere here!  Great place to relax with friends!
4	Great pizza and subs....you have to give this place a try!
1	So I walked in for a semi late lunch with a friend because we were having trouble deciding where to go and ended up here. Well I was ready to walk back out after standing around waiting to get a table in the dead empty restaurant.But right before I could make that suggestion someone walked out of the kitchen and offered to show us to a table, okay fine. Sitting outside on the patio it took a solid 5 minutes for someone else to show up and offer us drinks, then another 5 to get menus. Now I wasn't in a hurry on this particular day, but most people are on a time limit for lunch and would not appreciate this kind of service. I'm kind of shocked by the prices here 20+ dollars for a pizza is a bit expensive. So I opted to try a sandwich for $12. I selected a tempeh sandwich which theoretically sounded good on the menu but after it arrived and a couple bites I took out all the tempeh which tasted quite sour and rancid and just dumped a bunch of parmesan and pepper on the remaining lettuce, and tomato and ate it like that. During this whole time no one came by to refill water, ask how I was doing, if I liked my food, or if I would like the check.I don't really care to come by here again after this sloppy experience I don't really plan on returning, even if their pizza is amazingly out of this world.
4	After seven years of living in Charlotte, I finally had my first Mellow Mushroom experience.  We visited the new location on Selwyn this past Saturday night.  We were immediately impressed by the big restaurant space and atmosphere.  The extensive menu made it difficult to choose entrees.  Everything sounded good -- the salads, the soups, the pizzas, the calzones, and the hoagies.  We compromised on splitting a pizza AND a hoagie so we could try both.  We opted for the Italian Hoagie and the Mega Veggie Pizza.  We picked that particular pizza because we were already getting a lot of meat on the hoagie and there were like 15 (yes, 15!) items listed for the toppings.  The pizza was good, but sadly not as good as we were hoping with all of those toppings.  We both agreed, though, that the Parmesan-dusted crust was a great addition to what is normally the dullest part of the pizza.  The hoagie, on the other hand, was AMAZING.  It was so full of flavor and meat-packed.  I would definitely get that again.  All in all, it was a great first experience, great ambiance, and very affordable, so we look forward to returning on various occasions to sample the rest of the menu.
3	I almost feel like Mellow Mushroom tries just a little too hard to be trendy and keep the "stoner food" theme going while making it family-friendly at the same time. I will admit, though, the hippie school bus and the mushrooms on springs are a fun novelty that keep me entertained.But kitschy-ness aside, the food is pretty darn good. The pizza crusts are chewy without being rubbery, not too thick and not too thin. The topping combinations are certainly interesting - not anything I would have thought to put together on a pizza.  But they work.  I tend to go for the Philosopher's Pie, which features steak, mushrooms, artichoke hearts, olives, mozzarella and feta on an olive oil and garlic sauce. I recently tried one of their sandwiches, too, which make for great lunch fare. Added bonus: Mellow Mushroom can easily appease the vegetarian/vegan diners as well as providing gluten free options (expect a wait for gluten free, though: they take it pretty seriously and clean the kitchen before making gluten free dough to ensure it's safe and truly gluten free).And the beer list is well developed for a chain, too. Yeah, Bud-Miller-Coors products are there for the unadventurous, but the craft selection is enough to keep most beer fans happy. You get the usual suspects (Bell's, Dogfish Head, Smuttynose, etc) as well as a great selection of local brews too. If it's in, be sure to grab a glass of Catawba Valley Brewing's White Zombie.Be warned: they are a bit pricey. All said, it's a fun place to gather with friends for pizza and beer.
4	Same old mellow. This is my 5th or 6th mellow that I've been too. But it was my first time in Charlotte. Same pot head ambiance, good choice of beers, a few TV for us sports fans and one of my top 3 pizza crust. It is a nice location and building, very clean and new.If you are looking for quality pizza, with fresh toppings, and kind of a bar/laid back atmosphere it's a perfect spot.
2	Everyone has covered this place to perfection in their reviews.  My opinion:  it's OK.  The negatives outweigh the positives, though.The food:  Good.  I had a pizza (Philosopher's).  It was good.  Solid.Service:  Average at best.  Wait time:  There's a sign that asks for your patience, as they bake everything fresh.  That's fine and all, but 30 freakin' minutes for a 10" pizza?!  C'mon...Prices:  Everything is $2.00 - $3.00 higher than it should be.  Not worth the $$$.I likely won't go back.  The hippie decor is cheesy, the place is extremely loud, and I can get better pizza elsewhere.
2	This place is fine for a sports bar / family restaurant  with a hippy-stoner vibe.  The service was fine, and the beer selection was good.  The ambience was a bit cheesy and corporate, the mushrooms all over the place were fine I suppose, and the magic school bus - but it did seem like it was trying a bit hard to disguise the fact that it is in a cookie-cutter building with no natural ambience.  Honestly, that didnt bother me at all.  I had a nice experience.I just cannot get over the fact that this is supposedly the best pizza that Charlotte has to offer. I suppose if you like a thick spongy crust with cheese and butter baked into it, this place would be ideal.  For me it is not.  The combinations of toppings offered were not that appealing, though you can make your own.  I just found it quite mediocre.  Lots of flash which doesn`t make up for a crappy crust, a sause without tang, and too much cheese.Where can a great pizza be found in Charlotte?  Where???
4	The BEST pizza - I am a crust person and their crust is great. I drive farther to visit Mellow Mushroom. My main complaint: there is no cell service at bar. If I am alone, I want to text a bit or look something up on line and there is a definite black hole right at the bar.
3	Date: 1/17/2012Work GroupThe Pizza was a-ok, think Papa John's might be just as good as Mellow Mushroom. The only difference, is that there are way more toppings to select from at Mellow Mushroom. Perhaps its this Mellow Mushroom in that made the pizza, okay. I've tried other (3) Mellow Mushrooms in other states, like Atlanta, GA.Now the BEER. Great selection. FIVE STARS for having plenty of things on draft. I tend to go for the Indian Pale Ales (IPA), especially if the carry local beer.
3	I'd really like to be able to visit this place more than 2x's a year but it takes about 6 months to get over each bad experience.The Quick & Dirty:Good atmosphere, good location, good beer selection, excellent pizza, horrible service.Server inexperience kills this place, last time we dined there the lack of urgency brought out my inner 10% tipper, which is physically painful to do as a former bartender and server I generally average in the 30-50% range, but I cannot enable that crappy of service.  The previous time we probably waited 10 minutes at a bar table before even as little as being greeted, we got up and went to Duckworth's.See you guys again in September.
3	Sigh. I hate to say I'm comparing it to the old one but... I'm comparing it to the old one. To be fair though, I compare all other locations to the old one. The Old One, if you don't know what I mean, is the old Victorian house in NoDa that had AN ENTIRE UPSIDE-DOWN HOUSE ON THE CEILING. And giant mushrooms out front to climb on (which are currently inside the Neighborhood Theater.) I mean, it's not that this location is bad, exactly. And I'm sorry that they carry stigma from another closed-down location. But in my mind, MM is supposed to be fun, quirky, makes you go "Whoa!" when you walk in. My reaction was "This is supposed to be the Mellow Mushroom?" It's edging on boring, except for the bus, which honestly, took me a minute to even notice. My food and service were excellent. I'm impressed with their beer selection. The crust was delicious. So, that's good. I just couldn't get over the feeling that I was inside a Ruby Tuesday's or somewhere similarly generic. You'd think, after knowing what kind of reputation they had to live up to, they'd go all out.I'm not saying I'm never going back, but I'm not going out of my way either. I've seen better.
4	The pizza is surprisingly good and they have rogue dead guy ale as well which is a mean feat in these ol carolinas.Umm. Anyways don't fear the potato pizza, it's good and you'll like it.
5	I love mellow mushroom! Great decor cute little place.
4	I love Mellow Mushroom.  I saw where another reviewer posted a statement comparing MM to Papa John's and I don't agree at all.  I like Papa John's for "big box store" pizza, but they don't hold a candle to MM.  The pizza crust, fresh ingredients, and great craft brew beer selection make for a great eating experience.  I agree the stoner thing is inappropriate and the service at this location leaves a bit to be desired but, all in all, it's hard to beat the 'Shroom.
3	Went here based on the reviews on the Social Media outlets like Yelp. Boy, were WE in for a shock when we went to the Myer's Park location on Selwyn. For some strange reason, we were expecting an "adult" upscale pizza place. But when we got there, it was laden with TONS of children and we both were reminded immediately of Chucky Cheeses (in atmosphere, not food). And do NOT get me wrong! Families and children are sacred and they have to eat also, but it's just we were NOT expecting this when we walked in.....We thought about running out, but decided what the heck, we're here, let's try the food. So we did. At least they have a good beer selection, and many on draft. Yeah! I needed it to quell the seemingly thousands of screaming kidlets running amok. So we ordered 2 different pizzas as is our custom as my wife and I like different things on our pizza. So after eating them, we were both "underwhelmed" for what we got for what we paid for. The pizzas were good, but nothing great considering the money we paid. Total bill was almost $60 for 2 pizzas, 2 glasses of wine and 2 beers. Pretty steep for pie, wouldn't you say?Overall, they do have a good product and nice beers. But, when you can drive a few blocks away to Portofino's and have AWESOME (NY-style thin) pizza for less, then why come here? And at Portofino's, chances are you'll have a much more intimate time than you will at Mellow Mushroom.
5	A great spot that has kept us coming back on a regular basis. With only a couple of exceptions, service is typically VERY good.If you visit at peak times (seems to be Friday - Sunday) from dinner time through 8 or 9 -- expect a wait to get a seat and longer times for food to come out...but they are typically good about getting appetizers out in a reasonable time so pick one and enjoy. A cool feature about this place is the school bus... a big yellow bus cut open with booths inside. Kids love it and they are free to graffiti the insides.  If you are looking for a more tame, kid-free zone you will want to stay away from the bus.  The outside patio is a perfect spot when weather is nice and they put out heat in the colder months. The food is awesome. My personal favorites are either the Kosmic Karma pizza and the Jerk Chicken Hoagie. Unique (wheat?) dough and some funky pizza creations are what they are known best for  I've liked everything I've tried including other pizzas, calzones, and sandwiches. Beer selection is also top notch. Look at the board near the entrance for daily drink specials, and check out their beer blends for some interesting mixes of two beers.  If you can't decide from among the long list of craft beers, go for the sampler and pick 4 highball samples to try. Overall the food, service, and atmosphere keep us coming back. Well worth a visit if you have not been before.
4	I have always been a fan of the Mellow Mushroom concept.  I think this place has a great theme and atmosphere.  Very laid back hippie, stoner vibe.My daughter absolutely loved the bus and the fact we could dine inside of itPerfect, good atmosphere and entertaining my 3 year old.  We started with the Brushetta app.  This Brushetta is perfect for me.  It is served with feta and a balsamic glaze.  I will go back for this alone.I am from NY and love my pizza so with that being said their pizza is a little different than the tradition NY style I am use to.  They have a sweeter crust and it is a bit thicker than my liking.  We did get the house pizza which came with a generous amount of toppings.  The pizza was good but it is not the best I have ever had.  The beer selection was huge which was great, I ordered 2 of the "dirty hippy" beers they had on the menu.  This was actually really good, it was Sweet Water 420 layered with Guinness VERY TASTY! I will be definitely be back and recommend everyone to try it out if they have never been to a Mellow Mushroom.
4	Great pizza, really fun trivia nights!  Nice environment to hang out with friends in, have never been disappointed with the food.
4	I'm so happy there's a Mellow Mushroom near central Charlotte again! This location is pretty cute. They have the usual hippie-tastic decor coating every inch... there's even a full-sized tye-dyed bus you can eat in (inside the restaurant!)Mellow will always hold a place in my heart for two reasons: The crust on their pizza pies is hearty (a partial whole wheat mix I believe?) AND they have a huge topping selection! My favorite combinations: 1-Feta cheese and sun-dried tomatoes. 2-Jerk tofu and onion.... mmmmm.Cons:  Weekend evenings at this location are insane, you WILL have to wait to be seated because this place get's packed.  My only other complaint is that the prices are a bit steep.Pros:   Very good, attentive staff here. Pretty good beer on tap selection. Lots of vegan and vegetarian friendly options, discounted menu after 10pm....Yep Yelpers, you heard that right! Come to this Mellow after 10pm and you get an awesome deal: Pizza Slices are - $1.50 + 25 cents per topping (50 cents for the fancier ones). This is a great deal!!! The slices are huge.They also have a late night appetizer deal: Bruschetta, Spinach Artichoke Dip, or Hummus... ALL ONLY $3 each for a full order!  My favorite is the hummus, but all 3 are yummy.
4	I'm not in the Selwyn area much, but when I am I'm typically there for Mellow. I've stopped in here on several occasions for a beer at the bar, dinner with a group of 12 people and lunch with friends. Each time has been a pleasurable experience. The staff does an exemplary job of seating, serving and managing the entire dining room. I've always loved the personalities of each staff member. Very easy to connect and they make the meal fun. Fast and easy. Draft beers aplenty at this establishment, folks. There are tons of local brews to choose from. My favorite? Abita root beer. Though there are not free refills, it is the best experience watching a frosty mug filled with delicious root beer on draught. Just a cool novelty to go along with your 'za!The food, I mean....come on. It's pizzza. What's not to love? The crust is a bit darker and wheaty than others. A little heartier and stands up to loads of toppings with ease. The calzones, salads and sandwiches are great, too. Calzones are big enough to split for two people, or one ambitiously hungry diner. Everything was great. Also, splitting a large between two people always garners two slices to be taken home. A note for those who like leftovers: reheat in the oven. The microwave will kill that delicious crust!Glad to have MM in Selwyn. Keep up the great work!
4	I went last year for Selwyn day,  I really enjoyed the pizza, I could not tell it was organic.  I will definitely visit it again when I am in the area.
3	Finally made it out to the Charlotte Mellow Mushroom after a few visits to its sister restaurants in Greensboro, Raleigh, and Wilmington.Well, same quality, same basic experience here in Charlotte.  No surprise, as they seem to have the aesthetic, the beer selection, and the menu pretty much replicated at every franchise.  And that's not a bad thing.  The pizza is pretty good, and their specialty pizzas are well thought out, not just "garbage pizza" ideas where everything is piled on.  I especially like the Kosmic Karma pie.As most others have noted, Mellow's famous for its beer selection.  It is very impressive, and I enjoy the large selection on tap, not just in bottles.The only reason I gave this location three stars was that the service during our visit was terrible.  Worst I've had anywhere in a while.  Our table ordered two pies, and they made the wrong pizzas and then didn't tell us for a long time, at which point the two little ones at our table were squirming like crazy.  No attention to refilling soft drinks or water, and really forgetful.  Kind of spacy.  That about sums up our server.  Perhaps she was too mellow for even Mellow Mushroom.Oh well.  I'm sure we'll be back at some point, and perhaps it'll be a four or five star experience.
2	I too need to reference the old one(s) because this one flat out does not measure up.  I used to frequent the one in Quail Hollow because the pizza was outstanding and the beer selection was top notch.  The problem with this one is, that it's just not as good.  The pizza recipe has changed, I don't care what they say, it's different.  The sauce is sweeter, the crust not as delicious, and for the love of god, please turn the oven down.  Every pizza I've gotten here, and I've given it a good 4 or 5 tries, has an overcooked crust that's obviously the result of a pizza oven being too hot.The service is exactly what you'd expect from a restaurant that has a hippy bus inside it and is named Mellow Mushroom, not good.  You might be able score some reefer here though, not sure if that's an ingredient you can put on your pizza or not... "Can I get the Maui Wowie with extra Wowie on my 'za.... brah?"The only reason I'm cool with 2 stars is that the decor is sweet and they have those Dyson air-blade hand dryers in the bathroom - how cool are those!?!It does sadden me that it's not better, I really want a pizza place to dethrone Hawthornes.
1	Ugh...so not worth it. Today we went there to try their gluten free pizza since no one else in Charlotte is serving it. Our server seemed very unknowledgable about it and rudely talked us out of it, saying it was gross and should only be eaten if you have to. Service was slow and she forgot about us for some time, leaving us outside without water for most of our meal. The pizza was greasy and unimpressive. If you want a good pizza thus chain offers nothing you can't get at a mom and pop that actually gives a hoot - especially with premade gluten free crusts that are apparently inedible.
4	mm mmm mmmmm! I think this is my FAVORITE pizza spot! There are special herbs, cheese and possibly some magic ingredient under the crusts. I'm not sure what it is but quite honestly, I don't think it matters! This is one of few franchises that I love. Somehow they were able to replicate the same greatness at every location, go figure! BTW, have you tried the calzones?? They're bigger than ME! ..Possibly not, but they're pretty huge. My favorite is the House Calzone with spinach, mushrooms, roma tomatoes and mozzarella cheese. I like everything I've tried except for the wings. It was an appetizer that my friend ordered.. but who comes to Mellow Mushroom for wings anyways??
4	Love the pizza here...don't think I have had a bad one yet, crust is the best part.  Meatball app is the way to go.  BBQ wings were small and over sauced, don't bother.  Cookie sundae...cookie was awesome and this may be weird but the ice cream was REALLY cold, at least it wasn't melted by the time it got to the table.  Service is so so, nothing to rave about but at the same time nothing to complain about.  Going to give the calzone a try on my next trip.
4	A great place to chill at the bar and grab a few brews, the Mellow Mushroom has been a welcomed addition to Charlotte.  Fans of White Zombie beer by Catawba Brewing Co will be glad to hear that both locations keep this yumminess on tap!  I've also discovered a delicious white wine here called Conundrum. So creamy and rich! They have a fairly straight forward menu but can do almost anything with pizza.  The crust here is my absolute favorite in town. It is right down the middle between thick and thin, has a hint of sweetness, and perfect proportions of crunch and chew. They also do great salads with a huge selection of toppings. Parking can seem tricky at first but there's plenty behind and under the Selwyn location. Staff is friendly, and they do a nice bingo and trivia. Welcome back, MM, and keep it coming with the great pizza and brews!
4	I was recently invited to check out Mellow Mushroom at its Selwyn Avenue location in Charlotte. Although I have seen Mellow Mushroom locations in both Charlotte and Atlanta, somehow I had never before tried it. There are actually locations in more than 15 states including another Charlotte location in Ballantyne. The Selwyn location of Mellow Mushroom boasts a large bar and plenty of indoor and outdoor seating including a groovy decked out school bus with booths inside! Although the focus is on pizza, the menu varies including Greek, Caesar and Chef salads as well as an option to create your own salad with all sorts of protein and topping additions. Additionally, a large number of hoagies are offered such as jerk chicken, mushroom club, spiked sausage and shrimp hoag'boy. Vegetarians will find plenty of options including 5 veggie hoagies - the tempeh came highly recommended - and lots of salad and pizza options. Munchies such as the famous pretzels, stuffed portobello mushroom, meatballs, wings, hummus and Muffuletta cheese bread round out the mix. Pizza and calzones are offered in specialty varieties and their is an option to build your own as well.We started with bruschetta, a nicely executed version with basil and feta served on crisp garlic toast points with balsamic glaze, definitely a solid choice. Our wonderful waitress also recommended the stuffed portobello mushroom, which I will have to try next time. For pizza we opted to try 4 different specialty varieties by ordering half and half on 2 10" pies. The pizza is not too thin or too thick - a nice medium body crust - and you can tell it is fresh. I also enjoyed the addition of cheese around the crust's edge.At this location only, there are three location-specific specialty pizzas available. We tried both the Black and Blue: olive oil and garlic based pie topped with blackened steak, crumbled bleu cheese, mushrooms and onions and the Umami (my personal favorite): candied jalepeno slices, pineapple, Applewood smoked bacon, fresh mozzarella, feta and caramelized onion, topped with basil. Wow, need I say more? Umami is considered to be the fifth taste - savory - which includes such a good combination of the four other tastes (sweet, sour, salty and bitter) that it requires its own unique name. The word comes from Japanese and means "pleasant savory taste".We also tried the Holy Shiitake Pie, which includes Shiitake, button and portobello mushrooms, caramelized onions, mozzarella and Montamore cheeses with garlic aioli and black truffle oil on top. This was a close second for me - definitely a lot of great mushroom flavor and the aioli really adds an extra special touch. The Red Skin Potato pie, our final pizza selection was tasty although I would ask for the sour cream and spicy ranch on the side next time as I felt they overpowered the delicious potato flavor. This pie also has bacon, caramelized onions, cheddar and mozzarella - yum!We tried a salad as well - the Enlightened Spinach Salad, which includes feta, dried cherries, apples and pecans. The homemade signature Esparanza dressing was delicious - definitely a must try and also good with pizza crust! We also tried the tempeh hoagie - a good flavor and lots of veggies make this a wise choice for the non-meat eating crowd.For dessert we ordered the pretzels with honey/cinnamon sugar and the chocolate chip cookie. The pretzels (also available as a starter with garlic butter and parmesan or with butter, salt and mustard) are made from the pizza dough and are absolutely delicious. I had to get these and the cookie to go since I was already stuffed but I'm glad I tried them - definitely a treat.Mellow Mushroom is a fun place for the entire family. Live music and trivia are offered weekly and the patio will be perfect for the upcoming fall weather. I suggest you give Mellow Mushroom a try. Let me know what you think!
5	This is some of the best pizza in Charlotte.  I mean that.  I really do.I would like to think of myself as a bit of a pizza addict.  I hate that it is this way.  I think pizza is the only thing that stands in my way of looking as trim as Brad Pitt.  Okay I'm lying.  It's the Calzones too.The thing that sets Mellow apart from others is the crust.  If you love a great steamy hot pizza with a nice crisp crust and not burnt at the edges, it's your kinda pie.  The edges are buttery and sprinkled with parmesean.  It's absolutely addictive.  The staff is extremely friendly and you just have that feel of being in sort of a hippie joint where everyone is chill.  The porch is fantastic and we try to sit out there as often as possible.  Enjoy.
4	My partner and I had our first trip with some friends to the Mellow Mushroom, and I am incredibly sad that we have not stopped in before.  I have been on a quest to find amazing pizza in Charlotte, and I can say that this place has the best pizza I've eaten so far.What makes their pizza so amazing, you might ask?  First off, their crust is scrumptious!  It's part whole wheat, and it has a great, chewy texture.  The wheat gives it such a great flavor.  And secondly, they have such a plethora of toppings you can add.  You can get several different types of cheeses, meats, veggies, and even fruit.  I've got to say, that's pretty wicked awesome.  Finally, at certain times of the day, you can get pizza by the slice.  And I'm not just talking about one tiny slice - the slices are giant!  It's like eating a quarter of a large pizza (well, not quite, but you get my point, I hope).  And it's not just some pre-made slice, you can choose what toppings you add to your pizza.  What a stellar idea!  They have several vegetarian options, and they even have a selection of gluten free pizza offerings too!  Besides pizza, they have appetizers, salads, and even calzones.  They also have a large selection of beers, and apparently you can join their beer club to get rewards.  How awesome is that?And in addition to great food, the decor is all trippin' in there.  They psychedelic theme permeates the tables, walls, and bar area.  They even have an old hippie bus all decorated up, with booths you can sit at in there.  We had great service there, and our server was so enthusiastic.  Their prices are a little higher than other pizza places, but the quality is outstanding.  And if you get pizza by the slice, you can get a large slice with multiple toppings for less than $5.  It's very filling.Oh yes, I will definitely be back here.
4	Mellow Mushroom is a great concept all around. Good pizza, great beer selection and plenty of TVs to watch the games. This place is always buys but the service has always been good.
5	The crust is mouth watering!!! Pizza's are large so sharing is easy, unless you're like me and will make room for good carbs! There's a 70's feel to the place the employees were not on a mushroom trip if ya get my drift. They were friendly and attentive. I love when they say- come back and see me! Yes, my boyfriend and I will be back!
4	I have never been a big fan of pizza. But if I am then this will be the place to go when I want pizza. I alway eat a slice of whatever my friends and family order when we come here and I never can complain. Their pizza is hot, have a nice favor to it and not greasy. However, one of my all time favorite thing on their menu is the bruschetta. I dream and crave for it all the time. Their freshly diced, not watery tomatoes, basil and seasoning tossed in a balsamic vinegar. Topped with feta cheese and fresh basil on a nicely, heavenly garlic toast and don't forget the icing which is drizzled balsamic glaze. Whatever they're doing. The tomatoes alway taste like it's in season. And the balsamic glaze make it a little sweet. Omg, writing about it make my mouth water and I just had it today. If I can buy their recipe, I totally would. Love it. They let you know off the back, their pizza takes time because its made to order. You literally get hit in the face with that sign. They salad is huge. I order their "lil" Caesar salad. Which is good but it's big enough for 2 1/2 ppl to share.   From what I heard, Mellow Mushrooms went away for awhile. Well, I'm glad it's back and hope they will stay. Nice place for kids and of course the hipsters. Will definitely be back for more bruschetta.
3	Went here for weekday lunch. Parking available in rear, which is convenient. Waiter was good; proper amount of attentiveness. I had the meatball sub. The meatballs and marinara were good; the roll was a bit crusty for my taste.The place has nice decor, enough TVs to keep sports fans happy, and a nice mix of tables and booths.
3	I love that there is now a mellow in Charlotte! Ok so I am in between a 3 and 4 star for this location. I'd give it more of a 3.5 stars. The reasons are:1. Very cute 60's disco like decor2. There is even a car used as decoration inside the restaurant!3. Excellent waiter/ staff services like other reviewers have said4. Food arrived fairly quickly, but pizzas and subs and sandwiches shouldn't take too long to make5. The biggest drawback for me is the food. We tried several subs here and they are all mediocre. This is so sad because I've definitely had better food at other mellow locations6. I requested more mayo and ketchup for my sandwich and they were very willing to bring it out. My friend wanted a different flavor of chips and they brought out another bag for her while letting her keep her original bag.7. All in all, if I were just to rate my dining experience, this place will be a 5. However, taking into consideration with the food, 3.5 stars.
5	Staff is great, unique place and the food was absolutely delicious!
5	A lot of different beer selections! Amazing pizza! Staff is very friendly! Definitely going back there.
4	I love the Mellow Mushroom, ever since I visited the one in Denver.  I wish we had one in California.  This place is "mellow" with a 60s hippy vibe, and I love the hollowed out tye dyed bus you can sit in.  Don't be fooled by the name, you don't have to get mushrooms on your pizza, the pizzas are not too thick, and not too thin, just perfect size and the crust is super flavorful (a lightly seasoned crust), and not too cheesey or saucy, just a really good pizza.  Oh, and their draft beer list wont disappoint.  It would be nice if there was location in uptown Charlotte.  I'm just visiting without a rental car, and managed to find a way to take a bus out to this location, which is in a nice area, but not easy to accomplish on public transit.
4	Very creative and good pizza. Good for groups of people!! I've been there multiple times and each time has been well worth it.
5	Oh, Mellow Mushroom, thank you for a great laugh!  My mother INSISTED on coming here for the night before Mother's Day while we were on vacation only to turn red as a beet as soon as we walked in and she got the hint from the decor.Anyway.  I love the crusts here and the soup was absolutely delicious.  The mixed drink I got was so outrageously strong I couldn't even taste what sort of general flavor it was supposed to have, just alcohol (both good and bad?).  It was a little louder than I generally prefer, but I can live with it for the food.
3	Well, it was our first time here and we left unimpressed. The pizza was good, but not great for the price. Our server was very inattentive/ preoccupied. Had to flag &ask for refills and check. No bueno.  We may or may not go back. Nothing we will be jonesin' for. Service can def kill or thrill a meal. 2.5 stars
4	First time at this location and it's a win. The staff was super friendly, it was early afternoon so the place was pretty empty...that just meant more attention for me!!!I ordered my two favorites their pretzels and Mighty Meaty pizza. I love their pretzels- made with the same dough they use to make that super delicious pizza crust. I ordered a half order of the garlic and parmesean with red sauce...one word YUM! They came out hot, crunchy and just so freaking good.The Mighty Meaty has all the delicious meats you can think of...on that delicious crust with red sauce. Mmmmm....It's just not enough words to describe how yum-mmmy this food is!And I'm super excited that this location does pizza by the slice and has a late night menu!!! I can't wait to come back for that!
2	Mellow Mushroom isn't exactly the sort of place I'd ordinarily go. Woodstock murals, giant hippy-painted school-buses in the middle of the dining, and awkward wrap-around booths just don't quite appeal to my more refined dining sensibilities. But, my coworkers dig it. And the one on Selwyn has a reputation for slow, inattentive service - which is perfect when you and your coworkers are looking to extend your one-hour workday lunch break into a 2.5 hour marathon. During the carpool-carride over, the majority of us joked about how terrible the service would be. Shauna, our lone female (and lone optimist), righteously defended MM's honor. "You guys are so harsh," she groaned. "We got bad service one time... and now it's like they're the worst place ever." We were quick to point out to Shauna multiple specific examples of the bad service we had received on several separate occasions: "Remember the time Mark had to go behind the bar and pour his own beer because the waiter never came back?" "Remember the time we were seated for 47 minutes before anyone took our drink order?" "Remember the time we had three different (lousy) waiters because none of them knew whose section we were in?" Nevertheless, we keep coming back, hopeful each time that the experience will change. It never does. Last Friday we were welcomed and seated promptly. Out waitress approached, comely and upright, with jet-black hair, loose but not sloppy clothing, and a lovely porcelain-skinned face - plain and inexpressive... but not entirely lifeless. She introduced herself with a breathless murmur: Kim, Amy, Amber... I dunno. I don't think she even knew. "Hi," we all said with genuine enthusiasm. She just sorta stood there and teetered like a weeble."We need drinks," I declared. "Any specials?" "Um..." Kim/Amy looked bewildered. Bart leaned forward and read off the specials on the chalkboard behind her. The last one was a "Mystery Beer: $3""What's the 'mystery beer'?" I asked. Kim/Amy shrugged. "It's a mystery." I was intrigued. So I ordered one. (Turns out the mystery beer is just a random bottle of a crappy beer like Grolsch or Longboard or something else they're trying to get rid of that shouldn't be sold for more than a buck...) Bart cleared his throat. "Is there a lunch special?" he asked, catching Kim/Amy completely off-guard.  "What day is it?" she asked us, sincerely. "Um... Friday." "Oh, then yeah. We have the special." We all, then, politely extended a protracted pause. When no further information was offered, we were compelled to pry: "Oh yeah? So... what is the special?" "It's a slice and a salad," Kim/Amy replied, quite matter-of-factly. "What kind of slices can I choose from?" Bart asked. "You can get anything you want," She said. "Oh!" Bart's face lit up as he started scanning through the specialty pies in the menu's center page. "So, I can get the Mighty Meaty?" As if he should have known, Amy/Kim halted him sternly, "No, you can't get those. You have to make your own." Bart, a bit flummoxed, tried to reason this out. "Oh, so I can't choose a specialty pizza but I can get whatever toppings I want?" Kim/Amy nodded. "Yeah, you can get whatever you want. I mean, you have to pay for toppings." Bart, now more flabbergasted than flummoxed, persisted. "Ok, so... toppings are extra?" "I mean... you get one," she said. Now the picture was forming more clearly. An audible "ahhh!" of clarity was released by half the table. "So, it's a one-topping slice and a salad?" Kim/Amy nodded. Now we were getting somewhere. But then, as if she were somehow made uncomfortable by the sudden moment of clarity, she decided to throw us an additional curveball. "Or you can get two slices." Bart, now just being a jack-ass, forced her hand. "Oh, so instead of toppings I can just get two slices - but does cheese count as a topping?"  "No, a slice and a salad." We all laughed. And she laughed too. Not sure if she knew it was an at-you-not-with-you type thing. Orders were placed. Most of us got the special, some got sandwiches. I ordered pretzels for the table (garlic bread in the shape of a pretzel with marinara for dipping). The side-salads came out promptly. Unspectacular - just some greens with onion and tomato sprinkled in. Then, we waited. Took about half an hour for the food to arrive (the appetizer brought at the same time as the entrees... sigh). And we did get one or two more rounds of drinks served in that time. So, all in all, not too bad. The food is... mediocre. Greasy slices of pizza with run-of-the-mill ingredients. The slices are large, so there's that. The guys who got sandwiches were impressed and noted that "sandwiches are the way to go here". Good to know. Checks were a bit of a situation. We had to each recount what exactly we'd ordered since Kim/Amy evidently didn't split it up as she took things down. No big deal. It's Mellow Mushroom. 1.5 hours in and out. Best experience I've ever had there.
4	I will occasionally drive 35 minutes to the Mellow Mushroom just so I can devour an order of their cinnamon honey pretzels. And, yes, I devour all three of the delightfully doughy pretzels!Pizza, hoagies, & calzones are the main dishes severed at MM. Both are good. As a vegetarian, I enjoy the avocado hoagie & the Kosmic Karma pizza. If you're eating clean, this is not the place for you. If you are like me & easily tempted by the awesomeness of dough, stay clear of MM!This MM is a nice size with a space for outdoor seating. We've never had to wait for a table. However, I will say that the service, once we are seated, is never fast. If you're in a rush, pick another place. As long as the 'Shroom continues to serve cinnamon honey pretzels, I will be a patron.
5	WooooooHooooo 100th review!!!  I eat here all the time, but I've gotta take the chance to be the 100th review.Although, a little over priced for pizza(IMO), its damn good and honestly its not that bad $ wise.  Also, they've added a few menu items that are all worth checking out.  Not to mention they've done a few things to bring in the crowds.  A $3 pint night on Mondays and I've heard they're doing a movie night as well.  Don't know if they are kid friendly movies though.  A Shrek/Nemo matinee when schools out for the summer would kill it.This is probably the best kid friendly restaurant in town where the parents can actually eat good food and drink good booze.  The environment is very chill and the staff are quite cordial.  I highly recommend the shiitake pie or the Cosmic Karma but you can't really go wrong.Bottom line:  I feel like I could go on and on about this place but don't know that I need to, just check it out.  Its a hippie themed pizza place with top notch ingredients, a kind vibe, a beautiful outdoor dining area, and overall sense of well being.Just know that the pies are made to order so be ready to wait 30-45 minutes+ when they are busy.  So grab a beer and app.
3	Always a favorite. They have a unique style of pizza with a thicker, chewy crust... great selection of topping and 'specialty' pizzas. Love bringing people to try who do not have a MM in their area. It does take a while for the pizza to cook... so dont come too hungry because you will be waiting! But it is definately worth it. Great drink specials and this location has a nice big patio with good people watching on a nice day.
5	I'm going to say it - and this is a statement years in the making, based on thorough research - this is my favorite pizza restaurant in Charlotte. And for many reasons, the pizza is number one obviously but also the cool ambiance, tons of outdoor seating and a great beer selection. If you have been to a MM, this is definitely one of the best. If you haven't, go! It's not cheap (maybe $25 for a large house??) but if you're sharing, it's not bad. Which, large pizza.... hello, you should be sharing! The have the best crust - very chewy and toppings, everything is very fresh. Couldn't recommend it more. It's a go-to family gathering spot.
4	Love coming here with the kids.  great salads, a gluten free dairy free pizza option for my little guy who cant have those.... Love it! My favorite is the pizza with candied jalepenios- really hot but soooo good.  The kids also like the bus in the middle of the restaurant.
4	I'm not over by Selwyn all that often but when I am, it's typically for Mellow Mushroom. I've stopped in on occasion for dinner and always end up getting the pizza... ummm... it's MM... that's what they are known for. The pizzas can be a bit pricier but look at the menu and you'll see why. The larges are indeed quite large and comes with toppings aplenty! Worth the price. You can get your typically pepperoni, veggies and whatever else here but I adore a pizza parlor that tops their pies with a variety of sauces as well, like the pesto swirl. If you're a mushroom fan, grab the holy shiitake pie - topped with mushrooms, onions, garlic aioli and black truffle oil - whaaaat?!The draft selection is extensive as well and the last time I went Mellow was doing a pint night with Sam Adams... good beer and a free glass? Two, please. The service is excellent. From the host to the server to the management, all I've ever received has been supreme customer service. Nice job, Mellow. I need to swing by and see you all soon!
5	I LOVE Mellow Mushroom. I wish we has them up north! The Umani pizza (I thinks it's unique to this location, I've never seen it at another Mellow) was delicious! Sweet, spicy, savory, every bite was different. A must have!
5	Best pizza in town!!! We drive 40 minutes to eat here. Great beer selection!!!
4	Another great experience.  Only negative comment I didn't find any garlic taste to the parmesian and garlic preyseks.
4	This is probably one of the closest bars/restaurants to me and I always forget to go here.  They have great beer selection and a great pizza menu to back it up, but they also have options if you aren't feeling in the pizza mood.  I think I order their sandwiches more than anything.I've never sat in the bus since the place can get swarming with kids at times.  The bar area is nice.The place gets crowded at times but aside from a wait for a table I've never had problems with service.
4	Great food and a great selection of craft brew.
5	Great service, great food! Always a delight.They "burnt" my pizza... It was more crispy than they preferred so they brought it to me, told me I could pick on it and that they had another coming right out. They gave me the pizza for free! I mean, I would have eaten it crispy, but I was impressed that they admitted it wasn't up to their standards and righted the wrong. Great customer service! I'd definitely go here again.
5	Charlotte's best pizza, IMHO.  Not overly expensive either.
5	Very tasty.  Great beer selection.  Lots of vegetarian selections.  Family friendly but also solid for a date night or random dinner out.   Pretzel appetizer is great; cosmic karma pizza can't go wrong.
4	Having lived off of one of the best Mellow Mushrooms in my college days, I am pretty picky when it comes to any other Mellow location.  Having said that, I still love mellow mushroom, wherever it is but can tell the differences immediately.  The sauce tasted sweeter than I remember but it was still good.  We split the lil' Caesar salad, ham & pineapple calzone & the honey-cinnamon pretzels.  All very good.  I also love their pizzas.  We usually get two calzones and take home leftovers because we love it so much.It was a Tuesday night, apparently trivia night.  It wasn't too crowded, but most tables were playing along in teams.  They have many themed nights, so something to check out if you want entertainment with your meal.  I loved the layout of the restaurant and bar area.  The decor is typical mushroom style.  Love the selection of beers on tap and always ask the server for the special taps not on the menu.  Our server was very knowledgable in helping us select a new brew to try and he was very nice and attentive.  If you're in the area, stop and grab some great pizza.  If you're not in the are drive on down, it is worth it.
5	Groovy dude... A kitschy, franchise pizzeria that makes totally funkadelic (and awesome) pizzas with a great beer selection. We've been Mellow fans since living in Denver and we were psyched to see that there was a Mellow on Selwyn. The portabella mushroom appetizer is awesome and could totally be an entree. It's a large portabella mushroom cap baked with artichokes, feta and sundried tomatoes served on top of spring greens with a balsamic reduction. Our favorite pizza is the Maui Wowie pizza. This pizza is loaded with toppings. I highly recommend subbing the banana peppers for candied jalapenos. Those candied jalapenos up the spice level and compliment the pizza really well. The pizzas seem pricey but when you see what comes out you'll see it's money well spent. I love their crust. Perfect texture, slightly sweet taste... Brushed with butter and sprinkled with parm. Divine.Helpful Tips:- Parking is never a problem. If the top deck is full, head down to the garage.- Service has always been good at this location.- They can easily accommodate large groups. - They have TVs in the bar that are always tuned to sports. - If you frequent the Mellow, make sure you join the Beer Club. - This location offers GFree, vegan crusts
1	My boyfriend and I came to visit Charlotte on vacation and heard good reviews about the mellow mushroom. We were very confused by the trippy atmosphere. We ordered pizza, salad and soup. The pizza was not cooked and the soup smelt absolutely horrible. We left and would not recommend or ever go back.
3	Service: Poor. We were getting a pizza to go, so we went to the bar. The bartender didn't seem to be interested in serving us at all. My friend was trying to order a specific pizza without some of the topping and he was just not helpful or receptive. Surprise, surprise, it came back wrong. By the time we got the pizza, it was 10 pm and we were just ready to go. Someone came out and offered to redo the pizza and promised to have it out in 8 minutes, which made us wonder- why couldn't the first one be out in 8 minutes? Whatever. They made it correctly, and in good time. Also, My friend and I went back out while the first pizza was being made so I could go elsewhere, and she got a drink. When we got back to MM, she asked if the drink she ordered could be canceled, and the bartender says "why, what happened?" Don't worry about why, just cancel it! Food: It looked great, like amazing! She liked it.
4	The pizzas here rock. I'm not a crust guy but theirs abide. I like the crust w/ a bit of parmesan cheese and crushed red pepper. The pizzas are hand tossed and made to order. The ingredients are fresh and the choices vast. Love the Maui Wowie - pineapple and bacon! You can't go wrong.
4	Huge selection of pizzas...or build your own! Can build your own salad too. Came here with a 4 year old, 3 toddlers, an infant,  and 6 adults. We surprisingly had a table that easily accommodated us.  Started with pretzels as an appetizer - garlic butter flavor.
4	Food is awesome, with options from healthy to heart-clogging. I trend toward the latter, and the Buffalo Chicken pizza is my go-to order, with garlic cheesy bread to start. The only thing holding this place back from five stars is the service. You will only infrequently see your server, and food does not come out super fast. I think it's worth the wait, though.
4	Just as it is with the other Mellow Mushroom locations I've ever visited I enjoyed my time at this one as well.  The parking can be a little tough but other than that it's smooth sailing.  Of course, the menu is pretty much the same at all their locations and my go to meal is the meatball appetizer but I do enjoy the gluten free pizza choices they offer as well. This location actually has a nice size patio as well as a cool cutaway of a bus for booth seating which I'm sure kids love to eat at.  And then there's the beer....always a solid selection.
4	I love the pizza. I love the beer selection. I love the service. But where do I park?
5	All of the smokey chipotle and poblano specials look amazing @mmMyersPark. I love the location. Easy parking behind and underneath. There is a huge school bus for seating in the center. I'm always amazed at how consistent the quality is at all the MM's. I love the Shrimp Salad special with juicy carmelized onions and roasted poblano peppers. Of course since I went salad I splurged on the hot pretzel appetizer.
4	Holy crap, my gluten free friends, Mellow Mushroom has entered the fray with a thoroughly credible gluten-free pizza for our delicate sensibilities. I have a low tolerance for bad pizza, having grown up in the Midwest within a stone's throw of Papa Del's, and I had forgotten how good the Mellow Mushroom actually is. It comes down to the sauce and the creative combinations of flavors. The gluten free crust holds up to being held in your hand and has a good texture. I ordered the Kosmic Karma. It's big enough for two and the toppings are fabulous.
4	Love the pizza. Crust is nice and chewy, topping are fresh. The issue with this location is parking. It can be tough to find a spot on Friday and Saturday nights.
5	Pizza is pretty consistent across the board, so I'll mainly talk about this location in particular.  The parking SUCKS.  We were ushered in by a gentleman and luckily got the last spot that was right outside the restaurant.  It's just not built to accommodate a lot of people, so hopefully they'll do something about that in the near future to make it more easily accessible.The wait staff was pleasant--casual but engaging and they got our order correct.  We were on a  bit of a time crunch and asked them to expedite our order. It seemed to work--we had our food in a matter of minutes after that request.  Plus, it situated in the heart of Myers Park.  What's not to love about MP?
5	I have loved Mellow Mushroom since my first bite about 10 years ago. Coming down south to visit family and getting to have MM pizza has always been a very special treat since their franchises haven't made it far enough north yet. But now that I've moved to Charlotte and am less than 10 miles, I was fearful that my MM memories would be crushed. It took me about a month to finally gain the courage to go, and this location DID NOT disappoint! I'm a huge fan of the pretzels, but opted for the muffuletta bread app instead. It was delicious, and not lacking in the olive area. It came out a little colder than I would have liked, but it was tasty enough that temperature wasn't a deal breaker. Our pizza came out quickly, piping hot, and perfectly correct despite our make your own pizza order being somewhat excessive. Our server didn't complain about our lengthy order. In fact, she was impressed by my creation and even complimented us on developing a pizza that, to her, sounded "really incredibly good!" The crust is always the best part, chewy, flavorful, and with just the right crunch. If I had to say anything negative at all, it would be that the shrimp was overcooked; however, a pizza oven cannot really be considered the best vessel for making perfectly prepared shellfish. I'm going to have to try to forget how close this MM is for the sake of my waistline, but I can say with certainty that we will be back!
1	Never go on a Sunday, all the servers are slackers and the kitchen is slower than ever. Love the fact that the have a gluten free pizza option, but won't you put the prices on the menu? Then you get the surprise of how expensive these specialty pizzas are. I love mellow mushroom but haven't have a good experience at this location the last couple times!
