4	I happened to run across Doan's Vietnamese restaurant today, so I decided to give them a try. As it turns out, they opened just yesterday. They have a pretty large menu, so you should be able to find something to suit your taste. I am vegan and was pleased to see many vegetarian options. I ordered the Singapore Style Noodles. The menu claims it is spicy, but it was not. However, it did have a nice, refreshing flavor to it. On each table, they have Sriracha (hot) sauce, hoisin sauce, soy sauce and ketchup (what? ketchup?). To give my dish some heat, I put some Sriracha on the side. The interior is fairly elegant for the area and for being a mid-priced place to eat. And being that everything in there is brand spankin' new, it was immaculate. The waiters were super friendly and made helpful suggestions. Overall, my experience was pleasant. I will return, and that is the best compliment I can pay to a restaurant.
5	On a Monday afternoon I'm ready for a new dinning experience in a NEW Restaurant.  Walking in to Doan's today I am welcomed by one of the young men working here and he actually used the words "welcome to Doan's", a young lady seated me and asked if I had eaten Vietnamese before, made a few suggestions and let me look over the menu.  I asked some questions and ordered my first dish!This IS a REAL Meatball!  EXCELLENT! ! !  In so few words: Doan's Meatballs beats all the others, with one exceptional "TIE" for first place!  These skewered Meatballs have the Perfect Flavor and they are the rounded type though they are built small so they are cooked as well as the unmentioned-by-name "Flat" version that I also love!  For the Vietnamese Meatballs an easy 5 yelp stars until I can give more... alright 6 yelp stars!Today was their official "Opening" and my waitress said the Chef may not have every dish perfected so she did not strongly recommend the first dish I really wanted to check out!  Spicy Lemongrass with Beef is my first entree!  If I had never eaten at "Lang Van" or "Ben Thanh" I would say Doan's has the Best!  For now (remember this is based on my "opening day" experience) Doan's has everyone "else" beat on this dish!  Since I have eaten this dish at five other places I can say Doan's Spicy Lemongrass with Beef is a unique and Very Delicious version!  Tender Beef Stir-fried with white Onion and Carrots (minus the Bell Peppers at my request) served with an almost "Sticky Rice" great for showing off my Chopstick skills.  This dish gets 4.75 yelp stars!  The "spicy" in "Spicy Lemongrass" was flavorful, though not as spicy as I expected and you can request this dish to be spicier!Next I order Dessert!  If you like Coffee and if you like sweet and creamy Coffee and if you have never experienced Vietnamese Coffee, you are in for a TREAT!  The Brewing process is finished at you table!  When you see the drips stop "dripping" push the plunger down to get the last ten or so drops out!  Remove the "dripper/brewer/canister/filter and stir!  Sweetened Condensed Milk is on the bottom... Drink hot or as I do take a few sips (I have never added anything to this perfect Dessert ANYWHERE!  By taking a taste you can decide if you would like it sweeter or creamier or both - Next, if you like, Pour it over Ice and take a few more sips!  Here is the last suggestion for this style Coffee, my favorite dessert at a Vietnamese restaurant... Place your straw at the very bottom of the ice-filled glass and take a few sips, you should be noticing a warmer (cooler at the top warmer at the bottom of the glass) creamier and dreamier flavor (I'm ready for a nap every time I drink one of these and right now half of the staff of my brain is on strike and the other third is on vacation)!  Vietnamese style Coffee is, I guess easy to get right!  Everywhere I have ordered it I have enjoyed it and it seems almost identical in each restaurant.  An EASY 5 yelp stars!Second Entree :  "Bun To" (Vermicelli) with two sliced Spring Rolls and Grilled Pork!  This dish was GREAT!  Every time I get this dish I like eating some of the components of the dish plain and by themselves, to check out the flavor, then I like dipping each in Fish Sauce and comparing flavors before pouring the fish sauce over everything stirring the dish and eating everything combined... I rate each part of this dish 5 yelp stars, except the pork and it gets very close to 5 stars!Limeade, Orangeade, Avocado Smoothie and Vietnamese Style Coffee were Fantastic!No MSG!  The menu has printed on each page "No MSG"!  That is Very important to some of you and might be getting MORE important to many of us!The Staff (I met five of them today) are friendly, welcoming, attentive, POLITE, kind and helpful!  An EASY five yelp stars on service!Smashes the other Vietnamese Restaurants on South Boulevard! !! !!!  I have been to the other places located close by (on South Blvd., no need to name names) each one three times and will probably never review nor return to these "other places" because they are not as good!  Doan's Menu Boasts "Charlotte's Finest Authentic Vietnamese Cuisine", I'm ready to give them more than a second look because this was great AND it was "Opening Day"!On the inside this place is nice looking!  Nicer than most Vietnamese places and EXTREMELY nice for the neighborhood!  You will probably not want to hang out in the parking lot, though you could be in many rougher areas of our fine City... As always, Be Aware of your surroundings! LOCATION :  : South of Tyvola, on South Blvd., in the Shopping Center with Food Lion and Family Dollar!
5	Doan's is a clean, new, restaurant on South Blvd. Had to go check it out the minute I saw Rod O's review.  He was right, can't wait to return and try some different items, my test item is always vermicelli with pork and spring roll.  I ordered V7 which was pork, chicken and spring roll.  Get crazy!!Friendly staff and fresh ingredients.  Make sure to ask if they have the house made chili sauce!  I was just there yesterday and I already want my dish again.  Why is fish sauce so addictive?
2	I have to start this by saying my first trip to Doan's was 3.5/4 star material - slow service but friendly, I enjoyed a delicious veg/tofu pho (in a beef broth) and my dining companion ordered a bun with nicely flavored meats and a pretty good spring roll on top - but my second visit made me wonder.I was out with my sister when we realized we were hungry, and were in the mood to have a beer or glass or wine with dinner, I couldn't remember if Doan's was serving yet so I called while on the road and a woman informed me they do sell beer and wine, but not liquor. Worked for us. My sister is also a vegetarian and although I couldn't remember if I saw a veg section in the menu, we did find one online so we figured we were safe, and then we arrived... First, our waitress informed us they don't serve alcohol yet. Um, okay? After a ridiculous wait to get someones attention to ask if they had a veg menu supplement, we were informed by a waiter that they used to, but have since chucked it. Great. Unfortunately he was unwilling to point us in any direction or give us any veg friendly options. Okay, back to the menu.I ordered the rocket shrimp and the bun with chik/pork/springrolls (after they informed me they don't serve the banh xeo listed on their menu). My sister ended up ordering the wonton soup with tofu/veg and the tofu/veg pad thai. My food was fine, but for her, she ended up with a plain wonton soup and the seafood pad thai. If it hadn't taken so long to get the first round of food she would have sent it back, and the waitress was very grateful she didn't want to send it back and that she agreed to pick around the seafood and eat the dish. My sister then asked for a few steamed veggies on the sides to supplement the lack of vegetables in her pad thai, the waitress agreed without issue. Everything seemed okay, though the veggies arrived in a completely different sauce, but when we got the bill I was a little surprised. Not only did we have to pay for the seafood pad thai that we clearly did not order (and all the seafood was left stacked on the side of the plate), we also had to pay for the side of vegetables! seriously?? It was only a few dollars more in the end, but included with the lack of service (in a fairly empty restaurant), there are just better places in town to get great tasting Vietnamese food with better service. Sorry Doan's, maybe next time.
3	I went here from the other Yelp review ( but mostly because of the delicious pictures that were provided). I dined on a Friday around 6pm. The place was nearly empty, other than one other party of 2. When I first walked in, I couldnt help but notice a smell of vanilla cigars(?) I couldn't put my finger on it, but it smelt like someone used to smoke in this facility. (Granted, it could have been the previous owner). I did notice fragrant candles on many of the tables. The service here was awesome. You could tell it was an establishment that was trying it's best to serve it's customers. I ordered a Vietnamase  Iced coffee and I think the lady-owner came out herself to make sure that it tasted to my satisfaction.The most disappointing part of the meal was that they had NO PHO available. NONE. On a Friday night at 6pm. No Pho. I guess the cooks weren't around and the stock wouldn't be available until an hour later. Nevertheless I ordered a vermicelli noodle dish with egg rolls, chicken, and pork. It was really tasty. My SO ordered the pad thai (they did let us know beforehand that it was a sweet and sour taste). It was OK. I asked for my food to be wrapped up, but then found out that a different waiter threw it out by mistake. (Honestly, this wasn't a big deal for me because I didn't have alot of food left, but I've never had this happen to me before and thought it was worth mentioning).If this restaurant was less than a 5 minute drive from me, I would definitely give it another chance. However, any Vietnamese restaurant that runs out of pho it's opening month feels like a place that isn't up to par with my standards.
4	There's not many places in Charlotte that cooks vietnamese dishes that I like. However, amazingly Doan's had made on to my list of great place to eat! They have all traditional dishes that most viet restaurants serves, however they really put effort in to making those dishes taste good. Whenever I go there, the owner alway ask my opinion about my dishes, to see if any adjustments are needed to make the dishes better. So you can bet I'll be coming back! :)
5	Vietnamese taste buds here. I'm very wary of Vietnamese food outside of California as it's typically hit or miss, yet Doan's passes my test. Doan's isn't your typical hole in the wall Vietnamese restaurant. It's very new, clean, and spacious (may be because they've only be open a short time. Only time will tell). Service is fast and attentive, though I should note I've only eaten here when it's sparse. As per all Asian restaurants, the menu is a novel in itself. Pho and shaking beef have been consistently good. The pork and eggroll dishes were a (3/5), something I'd skip over next time. Doan's will be my go to Vietnamese joint in Charlotte. It provides the same quality as Vietnam Grille (just down the street) in a cleaner environment with better prices.
5	Delicious-ness.  Fantastic menu and great food.  The wait staff is friendly and the place is new and very clean.  Love it...
5	There are a couple things I look for when trying a new Vietnamese restaurant:1) Are the condiments for Pho already on the table?2) Can I get a bowl of Pho for less than $10?3) Are there other Vietnamese people eating there?I've eaten at Doan's a couple of times now and the answers to all three questions are "Yes". The Pho is delicious and the Pho Dat Biet (Pho "Special") comes with plenty of different cuts of meat including tripe which is often left out at other Pho places I've frequented in Charlotte. The broth is very hearty and I imagine it's like slurping the essence of beef.The appetizers are a bit overpriced for what you're getting but are done well. I've tried the rocket shrimp (Tail-on shrimp wrapped in egg roll wrappers and then fried) and the regular fried egg rolls. A word of warning: give the rolls some time to cool off since the insides will be piping hot! I'd recommend getting a banh mi sandwich as a compliment to your meal instead of an actual appetizer. Doan's makes Banh Mi sandwiches to order. They get their bread and fixin's from Le's. Doan's sandwiches have Vietnamese sausage (cha lua), Jambon, Pate, pickled carrots, cilantro, and slices of jalopeno. I no longer need to drive all the way to North Charlotte to get my banh mi fix!For main entrees, there are a couple staples that I judge a Vietnamese restaurant by: Pho and Com Tam. Doan's Pho is fantastic as mentioned above and I will definitely make the trip to eat it during the Winter. The Com Tam Dat Biet (broken rice with grilled meats) comes out very well presented and tastes great. The pork has the sweetness and chargrilled taste that I'm looking for.Service was prompt and attentive. Caveat: I haven't ever been when the place was really busy and am not a serial-water-drinker like many of my friends for whom the waiter might as well leave the pitcher. Then again, I never expect service at a Vietnamese restaurant other than bringing me my Pho and leaving me to slurp in peace.
5	Fantastic! The bahn mi are great; I would eat them everyday if I could. FYI the jalapenos are abnormally spicy and you might want to take the seeds out if you can't handle the heat! I love the limeade- I wish I was able to recreate it at home! I've only had one appetizer: rocket shrimp. They are served HOT and awesome. The Pho is great, as well as the R8 House special- broken rice with shrimp, grilled pork, grilled beef, tofu patty, and egg patty. The curry chicken (R13) is perfectly spicy! The service and great and friendly. I highly recommend Doan's!
5	One of the fun parts about life is trying things you've never tried before.My boyfriend introduced me to Vietnamese food....and i do believe it is my new favorite.  I have been to Doan's 3x now, and i have to say i LOVE this place.Let me start with the staff and restaurant.  Despite your first impressions of the neighborhood and parking lot, Doan's is a nice, clean, pleasant restaurant to walk into.  They are super friendly, and willing to give you suggestions of what you might like.  However, might i suggest to you one of the 3 dishes I've tried there: Vermicelli Bun To, with the pork, added meat balls and a spring roll.....so stinkin' good.  (I've added a couple pictures of that.)The Sandwich with the pork (which was amazing!), i crave those things now...and I live in Raleigh!  sad day.  :/ Or the broken rice, which came with Pork, steak, and shrimp.  Everything was excellent.  The thing i like most, is that you can TASTE that it is grilled.  You don't get that at many place.As far as drinks go, we tried the fresh limeade which was super good.  The Vietnamese Iced Coffee....it's made with sweeten condensed milk...seriously, how can anything be bad that has that in it?!  This iced coffee will make you stop going to the chain coffee house and go to doan's...it is that good.  And if you like it with a little bit of a chocolate twist, try the Lee's Coffee.But my favorite....SUPER DE DUPER FAVORITE...in fact i would say it is so good, that if you put it on top of your head, your tongue would beat your brains out trying to get to it, is the Avocado Smoothie.  HOLY COW!....i NEVER knew Avocado could taste like this.   I noticed every table was ordering some sort of smoothie, so i asked our super nice waiter what it was and he told me it was a smoothie.  He said his favorite was the Avocado, so i said, BRING IT ON.  And I am soooo glad he did!Apparently most countries use avocado as a "sweet" treat, and this smoothie brings out a whole new side to avacado i never knew existed.   So if you're daring, and want something amazing go for the Avocado smoothie!!!  you will NOT regret it!  (They also have a green bean smoothie....i want to try that one next, but currently i'm so addicted to the avocado, i haven't ordered it yet.  lol.)If you're looking for good eats, good prices, nice staff, and something different than the local chain, take a trip to Doan's, you will NOT be sad that you did.
5	What can I find fault with this newly opened Vietnamese Restaurant? NONE! I would say if I find one! People are ferociously loyal to their customers and I'm talking about waiters/waitresses.Pho sou? Champ!  Try vegetable version of Pho soup.. but if you wanna cheat, you could ask for chicken to be PUT in vegetable-based soup because of the spices found in broth (ginger, etc) to be VERY tasty than chicken-based broth. Actually  - both are good. Really!They don't serve plastic drinking glasses... How can you beat a gigantic bowl of Pho for UNDER $10 - go hungry and you will thank me for that.Relax.... and let them serve you. They're wonderful people!
5	i can never find a viet restaurant with good pho, thai tea or viet coffee, and viet french sandwich together, wifi and I found my new place. The place is very clean, great staff, great food.... i am excited to try other things :)but i will have to say their pad thai wasn't the best so i give it an ok.
4	Vietnamese is one of my favorite ethnic genres of food and I was so stoked to hear that Doan's was open. It's a little inaccessible unless you tend to hang south of Tyvola on South Blvd. We made it in for a late lunch and were thrilled. The inside is quaint and not over the top with decorations. Just some simple tables. The menu, per usual, is vast and has tons of great options for both meatatarians and veggies alike. We ended up having to take our order to go due to some pressing errands, but the service was exceptional while we were in the restaurant. We ordered some rice paper rolls. Very standard and quite delicious. I ordered the standard Pho. Traditional Pho is served piping hot and the beef if typically served raw on top of the bean sprouts or somewhat "floating" on top of the broth. It is meant to be stirred in to the broth, thus, cooking the beef, or perhaps more a faux boil. This was a little bit of a shock since we had to get it go and the beef was still raw. No sweat at all! Just a little surprised it was still going to be raw. Knowing is half the battle. (Thanks, GI Joe)The Pho was AMAZING. Some of the best broth I've had and the veggies were incredible. I absolutely love Vietnamese and Doan's is now way up there on my list.
4	Happy! As a Viet gal, I like! Food - great and decently pricedService - goodPlace - surprisingly nice and clean, wouldn't have known from the outside. I am Vietnamese, and I am a picky eater. Being a native-born Houstonian with an abundance selection of Vietnamese food I am used to.. Doan's makes the cut.What I tend to order -Hu Tiu Do Bien - Vietnamese clear noodles with seafood (fish paste, shrimp, scallop, and squid) - they normally come in the noodle broth (like pho), but I love mine without the broth. They always serve a bowl of broth on the side, if you want to either dip your fork/chopstick into the bowl, or pour some into your big bowl to get some noodle soup action going.Vietnamese Limeade - Da Chanh Soda - yummy! So zesty and sugary goodness :)Why 4, not 5? I wished they had a more wide selection of food. I was craving for Bun Bo Hue - but didn't see it in the list. For those who love spicy beef broth noodle soup dish - try it! But I thought I saw someone's pic that did make them?? Nevertheless, more selection please!Will def come back and try the Vietnamese Sandwich - banh mi. I always get the Jambon - ham banh mi :) We will see how that is!
5	The food is delicious and the place is so clean.  The staff is super helpful and nice as well.  The best pho I've had in Charlotte hands down...
5	Went here last night and have to say although this place is new, and without an alcohol license, their food and the attitude are great. Fresh rice paper rolls, an engaged waiter who walked us through each part of the menu with recommendations for each part, two decently flavorful main dishes with plenty leftover for lunch the next day, and my first AVOCADO SMOOTHIE...all for $35.What more could you ask for? I haven't yet visited the established Vietnamese Grill up the street so I don't have much to compare to, but I'm sure this new restaurant is here to stay.Check it out, and try that smoothie!
5	After a whole day at the yelp party, friends and myself were pretty famished, especially we still have a few hours of drive back to Raleigh. After checking in with the gracious Charlotte CM Ben, we have finally decided on Doan's. No hunger stands a chance to some good old Vietnamese food.Warning: don't try to navigate to this place with the new iOS map on iPhone. You are going to cause some major traffic accident! It almost happen today LOL! Just pull into the parking lot. No need for U-Turn.Question: Why is this place still have the "Grand Opening" sign? I can see reviews as far back as 5 month ago. Let's take that down unless you want to give me discount on the fresh spring rolls!By the way, those fresh spring rolls are awesome. So was the vermicelli bowl. But, I don't go to a Vietnamese restaurant without getting some pho. The broth has real clean taste, none of that MSG feel afterward. The noodle was not overcooked and soggy. Like I said, proper pho.I don't know who this Doan is, but I am now a big fan of him or her.
4	My husband and I visited when they very first opened. I wanted to try it another time before posting a review. During their opening they were raffling off a tv. I was really hoping I'd be drawn as the winner, but alas, I didn't end up getting the winning call. It's a clean space, nice tables. They did a nice job decorating and tinting the windows. They even have a couple fragrant candles going right when you enter. It's a warm and cozy touch. If you are like me and wash your hands before every meal, they have an extra sink outside of the bathrooms...convenient!The Singaporean noodles and Pad Thai were okay and a tad on the dry side during our first visit. However, they must have practiced making those a few extra times since then because when we ordered those dishes again, they were very good. Yes, yes, I know this is a Vietnamese place and we ended up ordering non-Vietnamese dishes...those noodle dishes were calling my name! Next time I promise to try the veggie pho. They also make a very spicy garlic chili sauce! Mmmm, your mouth and lips will be on fire. The servers came around quickly to refill our waters and laughed as we dabbed our foreheads with the napkins.Nice addition to South Blvd! I like that I can choose from 3 different Vietnamese places all within a mile or so of one another. Variety is the spice to life, right?!
4	Pretty solid. And definitely hit the spot after a day of much manual labor, and no lunch! Fairy new, and better presentation than your standard Vietnamese restaurant. Good table service, and not a lot of wall art clutter. I started with the fresh rolls. While they had a lot of filing, I prefer the daintier glass noodles than the thicker white ones they use. And the peanut sauce could have used more hoisin. Wanting something more substantial than pho, I opted for the egg roll and pork vermicelli. Egg roll was sub-par, but the dish came with a lot of meat and plenty of fresh veggies. I like my bowl to be layered; and here the presentation is more like a pie chart of ingredients all atop the bun. Changes the eating experience some, but it still tasted delicious! Not the best I've had; but certainly worth the money, and worth a visit if you're in the area.
5	My new fav!  The lemongrass chicken is incredible.  So flavorful and - tad spicy!  The service is awesome for newbies like us who have lots of questions.  They made a mistake on our order and fell all over themselves trying to get it right.  Loved it!
4	Good food. I'll definitely go again.
4	After a long day of shopping, Doan's does not disappoint!! We had spring rolls made with chicken and shrimp instead of traditional pork. My dad won't eat any red meat or pork, and the staff was wonderful with that! The spring rolls were served with the traditional peanut sauce which seemed a little less sweeter than normal, which was great for me. The crispy egg rolls were a little over crispy for my liking but they had great flavor. They were served with the fish sauce and a sweet duck-type sauce. We ordered traditional pho, noodle soup with pork and shrimp and a vermicelli bowl. They made my dad a special bowl with shrimp, vegetarian rolls and chicken...for no additional cost! My pho was very flavorful, and not salty at all! I cannot have additional salt in my diet, so eating out has become a challenge...but I LOVE to try new restaurants. We will come back here often!! Oh...and they serve unsweetened tea, my glass was never empty! And the hot tea was great as well!!
3	I really want to like this place. I really do. My friends enjoy coming here rather than going to Saigon Palace nowadays, but after two trips to here, I just think something major is missing.My first time, our waiter (and I'm assuming the owner) kept rushing us to order. My friend and I shared the small hot pot meal with just about every meat on the menu while my boyfriend ordered the pork chop broken rice meal with an additional fried egg.When the hot pot came out, some of our side dishes came out and his pork chop plate came as well. We wondered 1) Where is everything else? 2) Where's the egg?When asked, he aggressively told us that we didn't order that any more sides or the addition of the egg. (I don't know why but the egg was a very big deal; like we were horrible people for asking about it). But we 'ordered' the additional plates to add in... The pork chop wasn't flavored well or charred like it usually is at Vietnamese restaurants. Our meals weren't really fulfilling; we had to order a banh mi to satisfy our hunger.The second time, I ordered the pho. When it came out, I noticed how large the bowl was and was thinking to myself: Oh god, I'm not gonna finish this. However, when going through it with my chopsticks, I realized they just filled it with lots and lots of broth. Quite skimpy on the basil by the way. However, the flavor of the pho was really really good.If they just put in a little more consideration, I think this place could be a lot better but as of right now, come here only when desperate. Still better than Saigon Palace though.
1	There is no way I would go back to this place, especially to protect my health.Who is rating this a 4 or 5 star restaurant?  Is the Vietnamese food in Charlotte that terrible?  This is the only Vietnamese Restaurant I have been to so far in Charlotte, but it was absolutely awful.  I don't live in this city, but I felt obligated as a good citizen to warn others about this extremely disappointing place.If you have any concern about the quality of food you eat, I would strongly recommend you avoid this restaurant at all costs.  I have been to Vietnamese restaurants all around the world (including Vietnam), and this is definitely on the bottom of the scale to me.When I walked into the restaurant my first impression was a very unappetizing rotten noxious smell filling the entire room.  Against my better judgment, I still stayed to try a few dishes, as I am  a food adventurer, and I falsely trusted some previous yelp reviews which were obviously very misleading to me.  Still, I take responsibility that I made a big mistake to stay at this restaurant.The environment was reasonable beyond the horrific smell, but the service was quite forgetful and not competent.  Communication in English was not easy, and I was not brought some of the things I ordered, like a glass of water I asked for twice... We are talking basics they can not perform here.  Some of the staff was more worried about eating their own meal in the same room when I dined there.  However, the worst part of the meal were the Fresh Spring Rolls with Shrimp and Chicken.  At first, the Chicken looked like nice strips of white chicken breast meat, but either it was spoiled, poorly prepared inconsistent with health department guidelines, or it was the cheapest and worst quality chicken on the market as it had such a terrible rotten and spoiled taste.  After a few bites, I was absolutely disgusted, and decided to stop eating, pay the check, and leave the restaurant.I did not feel well the rest of the day and evening.... and I could hardly eat anything else until the next day.  Not a good experience I would recommend for others.I think the people running the restaurant were nice people, but they really need to learn how to delivery quality service, how to invest in and prepare quality food, and most of all figure out a way to keep the restaurant from smelling like a sewer when customers walk in...  at least that is what it smelled like to me when I came there...I love Vietnamese food, and would love to see more quality Vietnamese food served in Charlotte and all over the country, but not at this poor quality level.  It is a not a good representation of Vietnamese Cuisine....
5	Absolutely delicious Vietnamese food.  Their pork and spring rolls are the best I've had in the dozens of Vietnamese restaurants I have visited around the country.  A wonderful treat during a hectic trip to this city.  The staff were also really hospitable during several visits.
4	I've decided that this is my favorite Vietnamese spot in Charlotte. Don't get me wrong, I like Saigon palace, Vietnam Grille, and even Akahana (over in Plaza Midwood...I know I know, that's more "fusion-y" but I digress)I like Doan's the best because it has everything that I like (and would care to order)and does everything that I like very well. Some restaurants you keep coming back to because of a signature dish. I keep coming back here when I know that I want Vietnamese, but not sure exactly what I'm in the mood for, and not once has it disappointed. Pho-checkSpring rolls-check Rice paper rolls-checkBun bo hue-check Bo Luc lac- check Banh mi-check Hot pot- checkAnd even more...I'm not going to get caught up in the debate as to who has the best pho or anything like that. To be honest, everywhere I've ordered pho since moving to Charlotte has made it pretty well. No complaints.But Doans wins, hands down, because it has it all...for me at least. And all that I've listed above, I've tried and have been happy and satisfied each time.To top it off, I like the inside of Doans. It's not particularly fancy or especially plain. It's very clean and has a good atmosphere for a casual meal. The service is terrific and everyone treats you very well in there. It's also a good value too. They have daily specials. (keep an eye out for those) also it's Not too pricey. And personally I think that the portions are fine.All in all an A from me. Definitely recommend!
4	Great Vietnamese food at a great price on South Blvd. Quick and tasty for lunch, too. I definitely wouldn't consider this to be in Ballantyne though.
4	I mentioned to my co-worker that I had been jonesing for some Thai food.  She mentioned a place called Doan's that she had been to that had a great dish called Spicy Lemongrass Chicken.  So that's what brought me to Doan's on a Saturday afternoon.I arrived right around 1130 and the place was pretty empty.  In fact, I was able to park directly in front of the restaurant.  I was seated quickly and a waiter arrived to take my drink order.  I pretended to peruse the menu, but I knew what I was going to order.  When the waiter returned, I ordered the Spicy Lemongrass Chicken and proceeded to fire up the laptop to utilize their free wifi (it is password protected, so make sure to ask the wait-staff).My food was ready in about ten minutes.  I dug in and the dish was great.  The portion size was good and it had a really nice flavor.  I would eat broccoli all the time if it was Spicy Lemongrass Broccoli!  For dessert, I got the Avocado Smoothie.  I first tried one of these during a visit to Chinatown in Honolulu.  This smoothie is the best smoothie in CLT!  And for only $3.75, it is a fantastic deal (take that Smoothie King).I don't know the finer points of Asian cuisine and how to differentiate between Thai, Korean, Vietnamese, and Cambodian.  And I don't know what constitutes good Vietnamese.  But I know I received great service and the food was tasty.  And I found the best smoothie in CLT.  I'll be back!
3	Doans is pretty friggin fantastic. The pho is good, the vermicelli is yumm, the portions were large and the egg rolls are nice and crispy. So........why so sad?Well, all of that great food is all fine and dandy..but only if they get your order right.....We didn't get our waters until the check came. We never got our fresh spring rolls (luckily we weren't charged). We didn't get our thai tea until our check came - and we noticed we were still charged, thus prompting us to ask about it. Now I know, it's Asian..and good Service and Asian food usually don't go hand in hand....but when you have some stiff competition less than 1 block away, I think it might be time to pay attention. I'm kind of at a loss here. 70% of the tables were full, but the restaurant isn't super big.. Three servers should be plenty for that space, but someone they just can't get it right. I met some friends who frequent Doan's often and apparently it isn't an isolated incident.Either way...the food is still great and I'll definitely return. I just need to make sure I'm not super hungry and irritable next time.
4	Thanks to George R, Tonya, Jimmy D and even Ben. I had to try this place out. I must say Saigon Palace is still my no# 1. However, Doan's are on point with their customer service. On 3 different occasions, the manager or owner stopped by and actually ask if we need anything or how's everything. I took a couple of my American friends who never experience Vietnamese food before so I was excited. I order the summer rolls and crispy egg rolls to start. They both loved the crispy egg rolls and my son also loves it. However, I was hoping for a little less noodles in the summer rolls and at least one more shrimp... The peanut sauce that comes with it was perfect... Better than my mom's. For dinner, I alway ordered the V2 as my test run. It's the crispy egg rolls & grilled pork vermicelli bowl. Again, I wanted more meat. I'm guessing I'm a big meat eater, lol. Overall, I like it, it's refreshing, the noodles wasn't over cooked. Just enough cucumber, cilantro, picked carrots, topped with their fish sauce makes it a masterpiece. I will order that again. I ordered my son the R5 which is the grilled pork, shredded pork skin, egg patty served with fresh cucumber, tomatoes, julienne carrots and broken rice. They ran out of egg patty which sadden me, that was what I look forward to, wanted to see if its taste like my mom's or it taste better, instead I settle for an over easy egg. The thing I'm most bummed about is the shredded pork skin. I was hoping they would season it a bit more. I went to a few Vietnamese places and I generally order the same thing. My mom make this a lot so I know they have the potential to give the shredded pork skin a bit more flavors. It's a little bland for me. So I wouldn't order it again. I would tell people about Doan's. They food are good, their decor is way better than a lot of Vietnamese places I been too and their customer service are exceptional!!! Next time I will follow Jimmy's advice and ask for banh mi since its not on the menu..
3	i don't have much to say about this place, but we went here mostly because other reviews mentioned that they served banh mi. i was super stoked, considering that i know of no other place this side of charlotte that serves it. we got there and what terrible news was bestowed upon us--NO MORE BANH MI! blarg!!!so we got pho and some other spicy soup, with spring rolls as an app. all were good. portions were smaller than i am used to getting (viet thai vet, here). everything tasted great, and the service was great. my only complaint was (well...the banh mi debacle) and all the solicitation going on in the restaurant. **some customer behind us was soliciting the waiter to work for him, and then some girl walked in off the street asking for money for her father and his illness. i felt bad, but it was a huge downer on my meal--you know? how she got to all the other customers without the manager or waiters even noticing or doing anything was beyond me...
4	After seeing Emeril talking about Pho, on Food Network this morning, I decided it was to check out Doan's. Being a fan of Vietnam Grille and Saigon Palace, I was impressed today, my new favorite spot for Pho. The place is clean and the staff are attentive to everyone. I ordered a combo appetizer, with one egg roll & one spring roll, both great! The egg roll was stuffed with goodness, not one of those with no filling, ha ha. I ordered the Pho Ga, which was amazing. The broth was addicting ad the sides were a great added bonus.  Look forward to my next visit!
5	I enjoyed lunch at Doan's with the family.  It was a bit awkward as you walk in.  You're not sure whether to seat yourself or if someone is going to come welcome you.  Along with another patron, we opted to seat ourselves.  Finally, we were recognized and the journey began.  The sweet tea was delicious (I often opt for water).  The mussels were tasty as were the egg rolls (they were served steaming hot).  Both appetizers were a hit at our table.  For my entree, I opted for something spicy and ordered SP2, Singapore Style Noodles - Bun Singapore (shrimp and stir-fried vermicelli).  The dish was fabulously satisfying!  However, it was not spicy at all.  I forgot to ask why not, but on my next visit, I will ensure my waiter understands that I want the spices.  I added a mixture of their special red pepper sauce and some fish oil which gave me the spiciness I craved.  Because my meal was delectable, I cannot help but give Doan's 5/5 stars.  I sincerely hope the tradition continues and the food does not lose its tastefulness.
3	I was so excited to try this place out, hot pot in charlotte, seriously where else can you find a place with hot pot in Charlotte? Buffet Dynasty in Matthews used to have hot pot(very good) but they closed down, ever since then I have been on the hunt!To start off, the ambiance of this place is pretty decent compared to most vietnamese places. Booth tables along the wall, regular tables in the center. The place looked fairly clean with a barista table at the front of the restaurant. Also the menu is quite extensive. Not many places have singapore noodle, pho, egg noodle, vermicelli, fried rice,  banh mi sandwiches and hot pot. But the trick is to do the vast selection well and not suffer in authenticity and flavor by having a large menu. First of all, the price is pretty high here. $9 for a bowl of pho? We asked about the difference between small and large, and were told that large was the regular size...well then. My friend ordered the beef pho, she is Vietnamese, and she said it was ok...Mediocre.I ordered the spring roll vermicelli. The dish itself had no flavor except for the spring rolls. I poured the fish sauce that is supposed to be mixed in with the vermicelli but still NOTHING! By this point, I was desperate and added salt to my vermicelli to make them edible. Anyone of us who has tried adding salt to a pre-made dish at a restaurant knows how disjointed the dish can feel, so I tried adding pepper to make the flavor pop. I have to say, I had vermicelli at an OK place before and the vermicelli I had at Doan's is worse. For drinks, we ordered the Vietnamese coffee, which was the best part of our dish. It came in a traditional vietnamese coffee strainer. Condensed milk was added to the bottom of the coffee. We were given a separate glass filled with ice to pour the coffee into. Overall, that tasted like a yummy iced coffee, but I am sure the condensed milk contributed majorly to the taste factor.                                                         ********************                                                                     * FRUSTRATION*                                                        ********************                                                         My frustration about this place is the lack of training and coordination of the staffs. When we were seated, someone took our order for drinks. 30 seconds later, another waiter came by to ask us what we wanted for beverages? Ok, I have never had such a mis-step at a restaurant, this is really bad. The same person that took our order, made ZERO effort to remember what we ordered, even though she wrote it down. When she brought out our food, she was confused where to place the dish because she didn't remember who ordered what. LIttle details like this really takes away from a comfortable dining experience. The WORST part was, when our checks were brought out to us, the bill was printed in the most UNPROFESSIONAL manner. It was printed on a slip of tiny manual print out. There was NOTHING on that slip of paper except for how much we owe the restaurant. No name of the restaurant, no server, no time, no date, most importantly the item we ordered was NOT on there listed beside the price! I was not so pissed off until I realized that they over-charged me for my spring roll vermicelli. Whoever printed our bills out attempted to write on the check in VIETNAMESE the name of the dish we ordered!!?? Seriously, why did you write it in Vietnamese, this is America! I was so furious at this point that I did not bother to ask them about the over-charge and just tipped the waiter less with the difference they over-charged me. Plus to be honest, she really did not deserve a good tip. My advice for this place? Only come here for drinks. They have HUUGE jack fruit or avocado smoothie for $3.75. They give it to you in a to go plastic cup that is the size of a regular smooth king cup. If you know anything about Smoothie King, their drink portions are huuge!Don't come here expecting superb service, you won't get it. I cannot speak on the hot pot, but if you order anything noodle on this menu, it will be a disappointment.
4	the lemon grass chicken with vermicelli is bursting with flavor. About the max I can handle spice-wise but well-worth the red tingly lips! The noodles are perfectly cooked, not mushy in the least. Food is delivered quickly ( I opted for take-out) , and for approximately $7-10 you can have a satisfying meal with leftovers. If you do decide to eat-in the restaurant itself is very clean (with several booths) so don't be afraid of the strip mall exterior.  Now they just need to sell Banh-mi and I'd be a happy camper.
5	I have gone to Doan's a few times now.  One Saturday after wrapping up a short round of golf instruction...decided to go and try this highly recommended Vietnamese restaurant.  Was actually hoping to see a long time friend that worked there.   Well...after spending some time searching the menu...decided to have an appetizer of egg rolls....and a main course of grilled shrimp with salad.  Both were outstanding!   The service was great on this quiet mid-afternoon.  A few weeks later...decided to take the entire family!  Everyone enjoyed it a lot.  Everyone was able to get great entrees.!  Even my daughter who has a strict, gluten-free diet.  I have returned a couple of times since going with the entire family.  Always great food...and great service.  I am looking forward to returning soon with one of my number one foodie partners!!!
4	Takeout is excellent but it would be nice to eat-in too. It's not charmless like so many mostly takeout places. The Banh Xeo - to die for. The avocado smoothie will change your life (beware - it's HUGE!). The spring rolls are very good. Service was not super organized, but it was super helpful. Definitely a spot I will hit every time I come to Charlotte. Area is kind of sketch, if that's an issue for you.
4	Doan's is the real deal. I mean, how do I say this? I enjoyed a recent dinner there as the only white people in the place. I was craving some pho which was killer. Also sampled shrimp pad thai, summer rolls and fried egg rolls. Actually, did not get to even try the pad thai because it was destroyed so quickly. I had read about how good the drinks are here. My boyfriend's beer did come in a chilled glass....filled with ice. He seemed not to mind. I had a fresh squeezed sparkling limeade..perfect for summer.Service is pretty fast, food is fresh, tasty and affordable. Can't wait to come back and try more of their giant menu including hot pot which everyone else in the place seemed to be ordered. Doan's is in a strip mall so parking is ample plus you can pick up pretty much anything else after your meal!
4	I know this is a Vietnamese restaurant but I've been here 4 times and every single time I have gotten the Singaporean rice noodles.  It is just that freaking good!  The vegetarian version comes with cauliflower, celery, bell peppers, bits of fried tofu, and I think a couple other vegetables. I order it without the eggs, peanuts, and onions. It isn't very spicy and I remedy that by adding copious amounts of sriracha!  The refreshing limeade complements this dish perfectly.Portion sizes are a bit smaller than other Vietnamese places around the area.  Also on one occasion we got seated and got our drinks and after that it took 15 minutes for someone to come by and take our order. They were pretty packed that night but 15 minutes was still kind of ridiculous. Oh well the yummy rice noodles made up for it :)
5	Seriously, I LOVE this place. The pho is amazing! I've had pho at Vietnam Grille several times  but this place is soooo much better! The banh mi is the super yummy. One is never enough. Lol. Go try this place out! Treat yo self!
4	Doan's you wish your girlfriend was hot like me?  Doan's you wish your...okay...enough of that.  The roll has been slowed.What a pleasant experience Doan's was.  The only thing better than walking into a Latin American restaurant to see that all their patrons have roots south of the border...is to walk into an Asian restaurant and see Asians eating there.  Tucked away in a shopping center off of South Blvd., Doan's packs plenty of flavor into a ten dollar meal.  While creating great flavors isn't all that hard to come by with Vietnamese food...cooking everything perfectly is.  Vermicelli...perfect, vegetables...perfect, seasoning...perfect, chicken....perfect.  I used Yelp on this one, and deferred to the tastebuds of my fellow Yelpers.  Spicy Lemongrass Chicken it is.  Sweet, fresh, and tad bit of spice, and this lemongrass was dancing on my tongue.  For those that like a bit of heat in their dishes, you may need to tell them to notch this up before ordering.Lastly, our service was great.  I will get his name next time I go back.  Very pleasant and came by the table without interrupting.  I'll definitely be back, but it will be hard to try something new.  This review goes to five stars if they can deliver on pho.Try:  The spicy lemongrass chicken...seriously perfect!Avoid:  The fork
4	Ended up in here for lunch and assumed I wouldn't have enough time for hot pot and in general it was 90 degrees outside so I plan to just save that for another time. I will say that after seeing the soup dishes at a few of the other tables I've only further solidified my desire to snag some in the future.This time I ended up with the vermicelli noodle dish, "Singapore style". I believe the only major difference between this and the other vermicelli dishes is the spiciness which I enjoyed. There are several meat selections that are possible but I went with the beef. The beef itself is fine but nothing really more than your typical inexpensive and thin sliced portion. Not that the portion was small at all though; I'd say "just right". Flavor and spice of the entire dish was good but there were a couple of bites that felt a little dryer than I'd prefer. All in all reasonably priced and good tasting meal at $8.75 which I thought was well worth it. Could have been a bit more spicy for my taste but that could be my fault for not requesting the house-made chili sauce Tonya P mentioned in her review.Ill definitely be headed back here again to explore other items on the menu; especially the soups. Ill be sure to update this review after that but don't expect an update on that until after the summer heat subsides!
4	This is my go to Vietnamese restaurant in Charlotte.  Mostly because, I live a little south, but also because this restaurant is the closest thing that reminds me of the little restaurants of my childhood.  Specials are located at the entrance, decor is current, restaurant smells right.  All the dishes we have tried are spot on.  I love that you can order just extra noodles for your pho for 2 bucks... it comes with broth and some onion/cilantro.  But I love it because that is pretty much all my kid wants to eat.  My spouse will order a different rice dish each time and everything gets his approval. Next time I will try the hot pot.
3	Doan's is a - relatively - new Vietnamese place way down South Boulevard. If you're in the area, it's certainly worth a stop. The decor is almost non-existent, but that's not really a problem. It's clean, and that is all that matters when it comes to the atmosphere.It's the food that shines at Doan's. On the downside, the staff isn't that great at helping you if you aren't sure what you want, so you might want to study up before you come in. They are friendly enough, but it's like one of those places that you ask and they tell you that everything is good.On the good side, everything is solid - just don't look to the staff for help deciding. Prices are also good, and the service is fast too!
5	Best vegetarian pho in town... And their lemon grass tofu is also absolutely delish! Doan's has quickly become a favorite spot for my husband and I, and we treat ourselves to their fantastic food and friendly service at least once every 10 days. Did I mention their thai iced tea? If I ever see thai tea on a menu, I have to try it. Some places make it too sweet, some too milky, some too strong - at Doan's, they make the perfect glass of iced tea! The ambiance is clean and bright, and their service quick and efficient - just another couple pluses!I see this restaurant staying on my list of top 10 casual spots in Charlotte for a while ;)
5	My new favorite Vietnamese restaurant in Charlotte, and that's saying a lot because there are a lot to choose from. I order any of their combo plates and Vietnamese coffee and call it a night.
4	The pho is not bad, cute little store
4	Been to Doan's twice and enjoyed it both times. The first time I ordered the grilled pork vermicelli - which was great. The second visit was what really sealed the deal, though. We were running errands in the area on a very rainy and chilly (for August) weekend and stopped in to try their pho. We were in good company, the restaurant was at least 3/4 full. This affected our service a bit, as it took at least 10 minutes for a server to stop by again - the speed of service didn't detract from our experience, they were apologetic and obviously doing the best they could on a very busy mid-afternoon. I ordered Thai iced tea, and we shared a few appetizers - the rocket shrimp (which seemed to be forgotten for awhile, but were tasty when they finally came out) and the shrimp/pork spring rolls. The real star was the chicken pho, though, the broth was well-seasoned and we left feeling full, warm, and ready the face the rain, and more errands.
5	5 for me on the Bun Thit nuong cha gio! Vermicelli. Visiting from South Florida on business and Yelp'd this location after typing in Cambodian ??? Anyhow. Stopped off for lunch today. The sweet fish sauce was wonderful, I had to freshen up, at my hotel afterwards cuz it was too guut!
5	Great food and service- would only ask staff to be slightly more watchful of us American guests as we are so needy (more napkins and cold water with my meal, please!) other than that, perfect!
4	Solid bowls of pho and a huge menu of other Vietnamese specialties in a clean and kind environment. The pho tai broth was the best part of the dish - extremely tasteful with the right amount of star anise. I wanted to drink it. The noodles were great and held their consistency while soaking up the flavors. The beef was just average - sliced perfectly thin but a little flavorless. I ordered the small bowl, and immediately thought I should have ordered more noodles when it was placed in front of me, but I couldn't even finish my bowl and left so very full that a drink of water could have made me explode.We also opted for a Vietnamese iced coffee and Thai iced tea. I've had the Thai style tea before, and this one was delicious and sweet. The Vietnamese coffee was a first, and the woman who served us showed us how to prepare the coffee from start to finish using all the tools. She was so nice, as was everyone else we came across. When we relocate to the area, I know this will become one of our regular spots. The only thing that could enhance our experience is if they served Banh Mi, which they stopped doing a few months ago. Perhaps if people keep asking, it'll make it's appearance again.
5	I've been here twice so far - both times have been exceptional. Do not be off put by the locale. Yes, it's near a Dollar General and a Sweepstakes place in a strip on South Blvd, but it's truly a diamond in the rough.The sweetened beverages are highly recommended - the Vietnamese coffee and jackfruit smoothie were both real treats. The menu features a great selection of not only Vietnamese dishes, but also Thai and Singaporean. The pancakes with lettuce and mint were pretty amazing, as was the spicy lemongrass tofu with vermicelli. Very happy I came here. No problems with service. Hope to be back soon.
4	Newbie to the area, so I went by the reviews on yelp. First impression, awkward location. Smaller restaurant in a fairly big plaza, it wasn't so easy to find. Not a big deal though. We were greeted immediately upon arriving and seated right away. The waiter was nice, but he did not understand English. We had to do a lot of pointing at the menu when he took our orders.Although it was a fairly busy night, they managed to get our food to us in a timely manner. The food overall was delicious. We ordered bun bo hue, broken rice combo, firecracker shrimp, and summer rolls. We did not like the peanut sauce for the summer rolls and had asked for fish sauce, but never got it. The green tea and Thai tea were yummy as well. If you can tolerate the service, I would recommend this place. I personally would definitely go back, but maybe on a less busier day or just for some take out.
4	A friend of mine took me here today for lunch, and I must say I'm quite impressed. We ordered canh chua ca (vietnamese sour soup with fish), ca kho to (clay pot fish), fried egg rolls, mi tom thit (shrimp and pork with egg noodle soup). I also ordered a vietnamese coffee as a drink. The vietnamese soup was quite tasty; just a perfect blend of sweet and sour. I did not try the clay pot fish, but my friend said he really enjoyed it. I thought that my bowl of egg noodles were a bit salty, so I did not finish it. But overall, the restaurant was extremely clean and our waitress was wonderful. She was prompt and also informed us that the vietnamese sour soup and clay pot fish dishes would take awhile, since it is made to order. The coffee was also tasty and fresh. Normally, a lot of restaurants would use pre-made coffee and just give it to you in a to-go cup, but this restaurant actually brought it out while it was still dripping from the coffee maker. That is a plus in my opinion. All in all, I would definitely go back here, but probably wouldn't order the same bowl of egg noodle soup.
4	I am excited to have searched for Vietnamese today. Excellent location. I usually drive over 30min. That is definetly a trip. It only took me less than 15 minutes today. After I looked over the Vegetarian options I got excited when I seen Singapore noodles. The Thai Iced tea and dessert options were appealing to. So with only an hour lunch I needed to pick quickly. I ordered Spicy Lemongrass Tofu, which is excellent.I will be returning.
5	Without a doubt some of the best pho I have eaten. If you like Vietnamese, Doans is a must. As another wrote, don't be put off by the neighborhood.
4	I have been here 2 times and have enjoyed both times.  I had the hot pot the first time and the vegetarian pancake the second time.  My daughter loves the fried rice and they cook it special for her picky tastes.  I hope to try the vegetarian pho soon.  Those big steamy bowls look so wonderful.
2	Yet another Vietnamese restaurant that is 5 minutes away from the 2 other Vietnamese restaurants on South Boulevard. Initially, I was pretty excited that Doan's was opening. Word came around that the owners were from the west coast, Seattle specifically. I thought that would bring some competition to the table and maybe, just MAYBE, I'll have a good go-to Vietnamese restaurant on my side of town. I tried Doan's within the first few weeks of its grand opening. Then again with some friends and again with my parents, and again and again with more friends. I know restaurants cannot be judged based on grand openings. They need some time to readjust and perfect the details. Well it's been about 10+ visits and sorry, I give up. My girlfriends and I stopped by Doan's last night after a long day of shopping. We wanted something warm to ease the chills randomly rendered (in Charlotte anyway) by mother nature. As I browsed through the menu, I thought of my previous visits. I've tried the pho before and it lacked flavor and ingredients. There was barely any meat, just noodles and broth. I've tried the Bun Bo Hue (a spicy lemon grass based soup) and there wasn't even the slightest bit of Bun Bo Hue flavor in that broth. It tasted like chicken soup with noodles and peppers. I've tried the Com Dac Biet (which is the specialty broken rice dish) and it was TINY. With all of that in mind, I went with Banh Canh, which is another traditional Vietnamese soup. Banh Canh normally comes with lots of seafood items such as crab meat, shrimp, fish balls, etc. All I got was.. fish balls. I have so little expectation for Doan's that all I hoped for was that the broth was decent enough to consume.. and it was! yay!Needless to say, Doan's does not hold up the caliber of a Vietnamese meal. I must say, the first time I tried their Bun Bo Hue, it was AMAZING! A few months afterwards, I ordered it again and they decided to take out some of the meats and veggies that the dish comes with and oh, removed the flavor too. I never know if I'll get the same thing I ordered last time. I love supporting my Vietnamese community, but I honestly never know what I'll get when I stop by Doan's.
5	The avocado smoothie is freakin fabulous....  although I think it maybe a tad bit of crack in it... lol, just kidding of course.... but that's just how addictive it is...  I WILL be back...
5	I've been a steady patron here since they opened. I have yet to leave anything but happy! Food quality is great and consistent, pricing is very reasonable. Decoration and location leave a bit to be desired, but as long as the food stays awesome I'll keep coming back!
5	Love it! Although not love at first sight, the food quickly won me over! The quality and freshness of ingredients is incredible. Every dish I have tasted so far is great. No reheated food here! Highly recommend it.
4	I finally got over there today for lunch, but since my stomach hasn't been feeling well lately I just got noodles-only pho, and it was great. My sister got the Bun Singapore with shrimp, however and it was so yummy I had to get an order to bring home to my husband. Partly so he wouldn't be ticked that I went without him, partly so I could have a few more bites.No, the building isn't "impressive," but I prefer a restaurant that puts its energy into making delicious food over investing in pricey furnishings. The service was okay, but I  was there for the food, and loved it. Can't wait to go back!I would have given it a 5, but will wait until I've been back a few times to see if that holds out...
4	The veggie PHO was really good.  There was lots of food.  They are a great place to eat good food.
4	I am a fan of the tofu pho and a card-carrying carnivore. Andy is friendly and the scallion pancakes delish. Don't sleep on the chili sauce, made on site and only available by request.
5	Just noticing that it says "Ballantyne."  Doan's is not in Ballantyne, it's on South Boulevard.  ?LOVE IT still after 3 more visits!
5	SUPERB! Really, some of the best Pho and Mi I have ever had. The dining room is very nice, large and clean. You can get takeout, as well.
1	You should only come here if you like to get yelled at by a middle-aged Vietnamese woman because your server f'ed up. I'm not usually one to write a place off because of shoddy customer service, but this experience TOOK THE CAKE. There are three acts to this drama:ACT ONE:(Customer walks in. New to this restaurant, she stands around in the entryway wondering if she should seat herself? She approaches the register at the back of the restaurant.)Customer: Hi, I've never been here before. Do I seat myself?Server: Oh... Hold on."(walks away for a few minutes, comes back to counter and grabs menus, plops them on nearby table, walks away)...ok?ACT TWO:Server: Can I get you anything to drink?Customer: Yes, I'd like a Vietnamese coffee (please note: they offer both hot and iced Vietnamese coffee, and the server does not ask which kind)(ten minutes pass, server approaches table with iced coffee)Customer: Oh, I'm sorry. I ordered the hot coffee?Server: You didn't say that you wanted it hot.(Right. But I didn't say I wanted it iced, either. I think that's your job??)(Server makes a face and walks away, hollering in Vietnamese)ACT THREE:(After eating about 1/3 of her veggie pho, Customer asks for a To-Go box for her food, and for her friend's food. Friend goes to the bathroom. Server returns with checks.)Server: Does your friend need a box for her food?Customer: Yes, she *also* wants a box.(Server picks up Customer's 1/3-eaten bowl of soup and walks away. Customer, who recently went to the AMAZING Lang Van restaurant on the other side of town, was expecting him to bag up her food for her, as they do at LANG VAN WHICH IS A WAY BETTER PLACE TO EAT OK)(After Customer and Friend pay and are getting ready to leave, Customer realizes she never got her food back)Customer: Excuse me, where did my soup go? I asked for a To-Go box?Server: No you didn't.Customer: Um, I did actually.Server: (unrepentant) We threw it away.(Customer leaves the store, but is a little confused. She did, after all, pay for the entirety of her meal. And as Friend confirms, she asked for a To-Go box for herself earlier. It all just doesn't seem fair. So she goes back in to try to figure out a solution and possibly redeem the situation. SPOILER: THIS WAS A HUGE MISTAKE!)(Customer approaches register counter, where a surly, middle-aged Vietnamese lady who looks like all of the joy has been sucked from her life, is standing)Customer: Yes, hi. I'm a little confused. I just paid for my entire meal, ate less than half of it and now, despite asking to finish it, won't get to?Crypt Keeper: (instantly furious) YOU DID NOT SAY YOU WANTED BOX.Customer: ...Um, I'm sorry, but I did. I said that we both wanted boxes. You weren't anywhere near my table when I said I wanted a box.Crypt Keeper: WE CAN'T BE RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR MISTAKE.Customer: (trying hard to be reasonable) I don't really understand how it's my mistake when I told my server that I wanted a box?Crypt Keeper: YOU NEED TO SAY YOU WANT BOX. WE CAN'T GIVE AWAY FOOD.Customer: But you're not. I paid for my food, and you threw away my food. I just want my portion of my food... that I paid for...???Crypt Keeper: FINE. I WILL GIVE YOU BROTH AND NOODLES. NEXT TIME, DO NOT MAKE THIS MISTAKE.Um, lady, there will NEVER BE a next time and I am definitely going to make sure that no one I ever know will have to deal with you and your terrible establishment ever again.AAAAAND... SCENE!As someone who works in customer service and regularly gets reamed by customers, I did everything in my power to remain calm, level-headed and (most of all) KIND to the people I was encountering when all of this was happening. I cannot possibly understand why, as a paying customer, I was treated like *I* was the person serving the establishment that I was eating at. I wasn't asking for much: just MY food that I PAID FOR. And I really can't understand how/why this place stays in business when the servers regularly do not listen to or HELP their customers?TLDR: Go to Lang Van. Or Three Amigos. Or freaking McDonald's... I don't care. Just spare yourself the indignity and eat elsewhere.
5	Have NEVER had a bad meal there. Have NEVER had bad service either. Have eaten there MANY times.
5	I don't know why the address listing for this place says Ballyntine because the location is in Starmount. Regardless, it's well with the trip into a sketchy neighborhood. Prices are reasonable, service is excellent, and the food is fabulous! Hubby had a chicken dish in curry sauce served over rice while I had the grillers. My dish was great fun because the veggies, meat, noodles, & herbs are brought out individually so that the diner can assemble ingredients to taste and roll them all up in rice paper. Peanut sauce with just the right amount of heat is served for dipping. I thoroughly enjoyed playing with my food - and had even more fun eating it! :-DWe will definitely be going back to Doan's!!!
3	I was looking forward to trying this restaurant.  My first and only Vietnamese restaurant experience is in my part of town, and what a great place it is!  At Lang Van, it is all fresh herbs and  homemade sauces.  So, with great anticipation, I went.  I was glad to see that Doan's has a vegetarian menu.  The only accessible menu online was a snapshot.  There was glare, and I think that the vegetarian part was omitted.I ordered the summer rolls as an appetizer.  They were nicely wrapped and included tofu, vegetables and noodles.  The peanut sauce was served in a squeeze bottle, which I found somewhat off putting.  It also was sweet and syrupy, reminding me of carmel sauce.For my entree, I ordered Pad Thai.  It came with tofu and vegetables, all cooked very well.  It had a smattering of peanuts to the side of the plate.  It wasn't very spicy, although I think the description called it as such.  I put a large amount of siracha  sauce on it to add that bite that I love.  The dish also seemed a bit more sweet than savory.The service was good, and it definitely was not a bad experience.  But, I will probably stay on my side of town when I am craving Vietnamese food.
5	I love the Pho here. It's the broth. The amazing broth. I spoke with the lady that owns the place and she told me that she actually uses beef bones and a family recipe for their beef Pho. The service is very friendly. I highly recommend the Pho here and the Avocado Bubble Tea. She uses a lot of fresh avocados. I RECOMMEND THIS PLACE
5	Had egg rolls, summer rolls, chicken and shrimp Singapore noodles, scallop apetizer, and a beef lemongrass dish. The egg rolls were hot and delicious, the summer rolls were soft and delicious, the Singapore noodles were my favorite, the scallops were very fresh, and the beef lemongrass dish was absolutely delicious. The service was great, and the food came out fast. Great place.
5	Place was clean. Service was great and food was delicious! I ordered their special lemon grass noodles with beef. Will definitely come here next time I pass through
5	This is one of my family's favorite restaurants. Great pho and LOVE the Banh Xeo Vietnamese pancake.It is also a very clean and comfortable restaurant.
4	This was my first time going into a Vietnamese restaurant and I was very impressed! I went here for lunch and ordered the vegetarian lemongrass noodle dish! It was phenomenal. The ingredients were fresh and the service was great!
5	I love Saigon Palace too, but this place has the best pancake and vietnamese rolls in Charlotte, hands down!Love this place and cannot get enough of it.
5	Amazing service, amazing food, and amazing drinks. If you love a good strong coffee please try the Vietnamese coffee and something new (well for me) the avocado shake. What a gem of a place.
4	4.5 stars. Really great Vietnamese food here. I was reluctant to try it because my Vietnamese friend from work doesn't like Doan's, for whatever reason. But I said what the heck. So I've got strep throat, and I'm thinking the Jewish Mother's cure - Chicken Soup. Voila.....PHO! Great opportunity to check out Doans. I am VERY glad I did.Started with the summer roll, which is light and wrapped in rice paper. I wanted a healthier alternative than the deep fried egg rolls, and this hit the spot. I did find it odd that they gave you an entire squirt bottle of peanut sauce....but, it was really good so no complaints about the odd presentation.Then the pho. I got Chicken Pho to help quell my strepped throat, and this was VERY good pho! I love Vietnam Grille's Pho as well. Theirs is a little "heartier" and Doan's is more "feminine" and complex, with deliciously developed flavors and aromatics. Lots of scallions too which I love. They give you some bean sprouts, fresh basil, jalapeno's and lime as optional add ins. I added a little of each. The vermicelli at the bottom of the pho was good, but I was surprised at the white meat chicken. I thought, OH NO, plain old chicken breast with no flavor. SURPRISE.....the chicken picked up the delicious flavors of the pho broth and it was very good! Pure chicken breast and a good bit of it, all makes for a healthy yet satisfying dish!Just had to also try their Singapore noodles.....OK so I'm full a this point, but I live 5 mins away and thank God for takeout......so they bring it (my waitress probably thought I was a piggy for ordering all this food - oink, oink, snort) and it was very good. Nice flavors, but a tad dry for my liking....I would have preferred a bit more curry sauce, but overall the flavors were there.Nice folks who work in here, and it's a clean place with Vietnamese music playing. Oh, I did get to listen to Vietnamese RAP for one song......WOW did that sound different! It wasn't like that crappy gangsta rap or anything, just Will Smith-like......in Vietnamese. It was......different.Overall a really great restaurant. I will definitely be back!
4	Quite easily, the best pho in Charlotte.  It's currently a four-star rating, but that's only because I haven't tried the rest of their dishes.  One less star just means there's room to grow - I don't want to cap its potential!This place is a bit under the radar.  Everyone raves about Vietnam Grille, Pho Hoa, Saigon Palace, etc. but none of them beat the pho at Doan's.  It's time to blow this place up and let everyone know:The broth is unbeatable.  Have you made ramen noodles and poured in that powder soup base?  The directions generally say you should add the powder after the water is boiling.  What ends up happening is that the soup still just tastes a bit watery and bland.  Sure, it's fully dissolved, but it's different from when you just pour the powder in with the water, pre-boil.  (Yeah, I'm a ramen master... I got accoutrements you can't even imagine!).  So... back to the broth - it's nowhere near bland and doesn't have too much star anise, cinnamon, or whatever spice gives it a light sweet taste.Doan's might be under the radar for the general public, but apparently Vietnamese people know what's up.  It's always a good sign when there's a bunch of Vietnamese people in a Vietnamese restaurant, dontcha think?  They have options, but they choose to come here.  Service Highlight - We got all of the limes that are table wanted.  Lime shortage?  Ain't nobody got time for that?  Certainly not Doan's.  They're not sheisty with their limes.  (Really?  A shortage of limes causing its price to spike?  It's a friggin' lime, but I digress.)I'm a fan.  Pho lovers, give this place a shot.dmo out.
1	The food was good but my biggest issue about this place is the service was pretty bad and the servers were pretty cocky.
4	Legit. Don't let the strip mall exterior deter you. If you are looking for authentic Vietnamese food travel a littler further down (or up depending on where you are coming from) South Blvd to Doan's. The pho is spot on. The noodle bowls are awesome. The spring rolls are fresh. Service is prompt and friendly. My only complaint is that it is a bit pricey. On par with other Viet places around town but way higher than what I'm used to paying.
4	Alright so like most of my reviews it was my first time here. I got the Grilled Chicken Broken Rice I believe it was R5 on the menu. It was pretty good I'm not going to lie. But the rice was a little sweet. Because they give you fish sauce and I was just listening to my sister when she said to pour it on the rice and the chicken. Maybe next time I can put a little less on but it was definitely good. The chicken was also pretty good and if you like spicy things you should use the chili paste, in the rice and on the chicken. I will possibly come here again but I don't think it's worth the drive for me. It is good but not to die for.
5	This is a damn good place for Vietnamese food. We've tried their Bun Bo Hue, chicken vermicelli, crispy white rice noodles, egg rolls, and its all good. The portions are good and the price is right. Other Vietnamese people also think so since they can be spotted there. This place is a must everytime we stop by the CTL. Everybody else raves about the Pho. I gotta try it next time.
3	Okay place to get your Vietnamese fix.It's a nice place, space wise, however the food isn't out of this world. It's okay for Vietnamese food in the South. Can't really compare it to California or homemade Would I come back again? Idk, depending if the other Vietnamese places aren't good. To start the Pho, wasn't so... good. You get a lot, for the price you pay. I got a small which was about 8ish dollars. Not too bad, it's just the broth, there isn't much beef flavor in it. Like they didn't cook the ox/ or beef bone long enough. It pretty much taste like hot water with a slight beef flavor. Those of you who know PHO, know that the broth is what makes the soup!I Also order Spring Roll, 2 rolls for $3.50... It was pretty good, the rice vermicelli noodles were cooked nicely, it wasn't hard- which mean they didn't pre make the rolls, they made it to order. The mint and other herbs in it was fresh too. And the Shrimp and pork belly fat were cooked perfectly.  I also order the rice vermicelli ( because I'm a fatty xD lol... I actually brought it back to the hotel), That was actually really GOOD! So much better than the pho! Veggies were fresh, the noodles were cooked correctly, the meat (pork, shirmp an eggroll), were nicely flavored and grilled. If I were to come back again that is what I would order again.Lastly, the fried banana.... ugh such a disappointment =(. I thought it was the traditional Vietnamese fried bananas (chuoi chien). That was a big NOPE!, it was baby banana wrapped in a wonton skin and deep fried Dx.... The foodie in me just died when it came out to me... So if you ever had Traditional Vietnamese Fried Banana, this is a SAD EXCUSE OF CHUOI CHIEN!
5	Best pho in charlotte! Really clean and classy atmosphere. Everything I've eaten here is great!
5	I stumbled upon this little gem while running errands and it is going to be a fast favorite for sure!! It's super clean here, no weird dirty walls just sparkling clean floors walls and tables which is really a nice plus.The menu is extensive and the food is so fresh I'm really amazed - You've got to stop by it's worth the detour;)
4	The food was the best out of all the Viet restaurants I have been in Charlotte. It is not too outstanding though. I got Bun Bo Hue and spring rolls with meatballs. The Bun Bo Hue is good, not outstanding but the spring roll with meatballs is delicious! It is not your normal round meatballs but more like long strips of fried ground pork. I'll add some pictures. Also, if you mix the peanut sauce with some siracha and dip the spring roll in, it is soooo good!
4	Very good vegetarian selections! We just discovered Doan's and really enjoyed it. The staff are so friendly and the service is excellent.
4	I've been coming here over a year. The food is consistently good, ingredients always fresh, staff is friendly, and the place is always clean. Try the Vietnamese sweet and sour soup.
4	I got takeout from Doans today and it was very good. I haven't had Vietnamese food in a long time so this was a long awaited reunion. I've heard great things about the Pho here but I decided to try the Spicy Lemongrass Chicken with a side of Kimchi. Both were very good and for me the heat was just right right on both dishes. Everything was flavorful and the veggies and chicken were cooked perfect. Doan's is definitely worth the trip.
4	There are several Vietnamese places on South within a mile or two. But Doan's is by far the best, in my opinion. I love their grilled meat rolls, crispy spring rolls, and Pho.
4	Nice servers - eclectic American music - authentic Vietnamese Food - clean - relaxing. All that hidden in a strip mall off of a busy blvd. Enjoy.
4	Fast service and authenic pho - I love pho by the way, it's my go-to hangover food.  I swear it can cure anything.  The prices are decent and the service is fast.  I even went on a Sunday and was able to watch some football there while I ate my pho.  This will be my go-to spot for viet now!
2	Not sure what happened to this joint but I have been getting alot of fatty meat in my pho.  I eat here pretty much every week getting the same dish - Pho Tai Nam.  At first it was pretty good but for the last several months the brisket and/or the eye of round has gotten fattier.  This is frustrating especially since I asked them to get me the leaner meat since I do not want to consume alot of fatty meat.  I don't mind if I have to pay a little more for quality but please don't say "YES" to my request and not delivering on it.
5	Fast yummy and open late. It's hard for them to understand you and you understand them depending on who answers the phone but overall I like it. Wish they delivered
3	Second Vietnamese place I have tried in Charlotte (first was Saigon Palace).  Pros are definitely the drinks - avocado smoothie was awesome (evocative of Malaysia), and Vietnamese coffee was great.  However, food was lacking when compared to Saigon Palace.  Flank steak with the pho was smaller, and bun was not as tasty.  Would return for drinks but not for food.
4	I had fried tofu with veg fried rice. It was tastey n vere well cooked. The flavour was just perfect for a good lunch meal. The only point it fell off was the serving quantity. For an indian lunch apetitie it was a little small... would defenetly recommend others for the fried rice stuff.
4	It takes a lot for me to stray away from ordering pho at a Vietnamese restaurant. There's just nothing like it.. especially on a cold, rainy night. However, I did my homework on Yelp beforehand and knew I had no choice but to cheat on my go-to.I ventured here with a group of Yelpers. We got a bottle of wine and some apps to start off the meal. Tonya recommended the fresh rolls, but with the grilled meat. I usually get mine with shrimp. Never again. The flavor with the meat was so much better. We also got a giant yellow pancake. I think most people get this as an entree. If you have a group, it makes for a great app to share. Filled with shrimp and all kinds of other goodness, cut off a piece and wrap it up in a piece of lettuce. Make sure to dip it in fish sauce!I studied pictures on Yelp ahead of time and knew that I wanted the spicy lemongrass shrimp. Was it worth a temporary break-up with pho? Hell yes. Will I now be forced to order both pho and this when I come here? Probably. Dan C let me try the broth on his pho. Delicious. For my vegetarian friends, they have a ton of options here. We got an avocado smoothie to share. I highly recommend. So unique and different. I'm not sure if I could drink a whole one by myself. The Thai tea was also great. I could probably drink one of those in two minutes.Andy, the owner, took care of us all night. Such a nice guy. I was also digging his choice of music for the evening. I collection of alternative songs all done acoustic. Among the selections: I'm Just A Girl. Solid. I'll definitely be back.
4	I love Vietnamese food, and there are a ton of options on South Blvd that we haven't tried. This year we've decided that we want to just try new places (for the most part) and Doan's was kind of one of our first new experiences. We arrived about 40 minutes before they were to close so it was fairly dead in there however they were quick to seat us and help us. We started with the meat rolls (beef) and they were really good. They have a homemade peanut sauce that we loved and their hot sauce (not sure if homemade or not) was to die for. We really wanted to take the bottle haha. We got the chicken broken rice and the egg roll, chicken, beef bun. The food was just really good, like comfort food good. It's not fancy but the taste and flavor is just there! Seriously sitting here right now thinking how I'd love to pop in right now and get take away for dinner tonight!! I definitely 100% want to try the hot pot the next time we go as we will most likely become regulars here!! Also side note I got the iced green tea which was a tad too sweet for my tastes (we've been on a no sugar kick) but really grew on me!! He got the sparkling limeade which he very much enjoyed. Basically 4 1/2 stars from us and may bump it up to 5 upon a revisit!! :)
