5	Lots of great beer on tap.  Stopped by for a late night happy hour this past weekend, Good crowd and I can imagine a good place to stop after an event at either the Jobing.com Arena or U of P Stadium if you don't feel like dealing with traffic right away.
4	Great happy hours. Half off menus and $3 drinks. Much merriment can be had for very reasonable money for a classy joint! High recommendation.
4	Good food, cold beer! Nice to stop by after a Coyotes game or a concert at the arena. Service has always been good, and I have rarely had to wait on an off-game/concert night. Try the Pasta w/ Vodka Sauce if you have a chance.
3	120 beers on the tap, 120 beers, take one down, gulp it down, 119 beers on the tap...you get the idea. The Yard House IS beer. But they also have 24 appetizers. 14 different starter salads and soups. Oodles and scads of burgers and sandwiches. Endless lists of steak and house specialty entrees. It makes The Cheesecake Factory menu look like a freakin' pamphlet. We arrived with a group of nine and were greated and seated by a friendly host staff. We opted for a table over a booth, cuz I ain't gonna be the bastard squished in the middle, drinking beer and having to get out 3 or 4 times to pee. We had just come from the Shamrock Foods show at the U of P stadium and had grazed on all things fried and anything you can stick a party toothpick in. So I was ready for a black and tan and perhaps a salad. Black and tan, both of them, went down quickly. I ordered the turkey cobb salad. And I got exactly that. Turkey was a tad dry, of course, when isn't it, and at $13.45, kinda pricey. Others had the mac n cheese, which was overwhelmed by the mushrooms. A BBQ chicken salad, that was, described as "Meh" (and no I was not with Pierre)...apparently though "Meh" is catching on like my current year motto "Make it great in 08"...well at least mine rhymes. Best dish on the table, not at the table, cuz that woulda been moi, but best dish on the table was a Korean rib appetizer. Server Christa was fantastic although frustrated as the runners delivered our meals and "auctioned" them off even though she had ordered them by position number. Music was all things 70s and 80s...The Outfield! What the hell happened to them?Located in Glendale this House is not in my back yard and that's OK with me.
3	I won't lie- I love the Yardhouse. They have an amazing selection of beer and one of the best burgers you can get at a chain restaurant. The prices are a bit higher but so is the quality.But I must take away some stars for  their reservation policy. My husband loves The Yardhouse, so 2 of his birthday dinners have now been held there. Despite having over 10 people they still refuse to accept a reservation or even allow call ahead. The night we went there was no hockey game or event but with the Superbowl around the corner- Westgate was busier than usual. We arrived 45 minutes before the rest of the party did and we were still quoted an hour and a half wait time.Previous reviews were right about the small bar area- it makes it very hard to waste your wait time there, and while the patio is nice I wish it had more space to accommodate people waiting for a table with beverage in hand.
4	I'll get the less-than-positive out of the way first. The wait. Ok, that's done. What's nice is that the wait can be spent seated on the loveseats outside, with heat lamps in the winter and an ice cold cocktail or beer in the summer. And I like the layout better than the Desert Ridge location. I always feel like I'm in a huge hallway there. The staff is almost always very friendly (one off experience, but I think she was just having a bad day), the selection of beers and other drinks is endless, and the menu has something for just about everyone. The atmosphere is casual with a buzz in the air, and it's cool to look at the 'microbrew equipment'. It has to be for show, because I've never seen anyone near that stuff. Maybe someone knows different?? lolThe ahi tuna is mmmm mmmm good. If you're a salad lover, try the grilled hearts of romaine with gorgonzola vinaigrette. Ask for grilled chicken breast on top, if you're feeling carnivorous. Seriously, it is the best. And bring floss!
3	I've never seen a place with so many varieties of beer.  I mean, seriously ... Raspberry.  And it's good.  The food is incredible.  The turkey pot pie tastes like an entire thanksgiving dinner in one bowl.  I had the lemon chiffon cake with raspberries.  WOW!! Delicious!!
5	We discovered this place when we drove over to see how the Margaritaville Glendale construction was going. What a sweet find! First impression is that it's so comfortable and inviting looking! There is great seating on the outside patio with really comfortable chairs, and the seating inside is also very comfortable. You notice the many, MANY, tap handles that circumvent the bar! I tried the Lost Coast Great White specifically because of the very cool tap handle! I was not disappointed! The music playing is awesome and really sets the atmosphere. How I wish there was a Yard House in the East Valley as it would be a great place to meet with friends on a very regular basis. The food-WOW FACTOR OF 10. I have the same thing when I eat there as it is unbelievably good! The Jerk Chicken with Shrimp Stack. Such delectable mouth watering goodness!!! The waitstaff have always been so friendly. We haven't had long waits any of the times we've been there.
3	I've been to this place several times now, for dinner and just for drinks, and my overall impression is: overpriced.  If you are just going out for some drinks and to watch a game, this isn't the place... not for $7 a beer.  Happy hour is the only time I will grab a beer here.... I know, I know, they have 100 some beers on tap, but in most cases I can drive to BevMo and buy a six pack just a cheap.Now, the food is good, the beer is cold, so that's worth three stars at least... but I wouldn't take a first date here (a meal and drinks can run you $100 easy... I'm not putting that much into someone I may never see again) or just meet and hang out with friends.  Hey maybe that's just me.  It's worth checking out, if you have a lot of money sitting around.
4	I don't know how many beers Yard House has on tap, but it's a shit-ton. More than I've seen at any other bar. And the servers have as complete a knowledge of them as you could ask for.Although the actual food and presentation are terrific, I find the menu a little overpriced since many of the dishes come in smaller portions.Hot Tip: Have your business partner's friend from Florida call during your meal to admit he has elephantitis from falling down in the street. This made for great entertainment for us and the surrounding tables (hello, speakerphone), so I imagine it would for you too.
5	I love the Yard House.  (I used to live in LA & the Yard House located on the pier in Long Beach is my absolute favorite place to lounge with friends).  The Yard House @ Westgate also has great ambiance.  The bar is always a fun place to sit and outdoor seating is enjoyable especially when the weather is nice.  Outdoors you can choose to sit in comfy patio chairs with cocktail tables or at regular tables that allow you a view of the center fountains.Service--I've always had great service from the staff, even on a crowded night.  They always seem friendly and fun.  They do their best to accommodate and make decent recommendations when you're not sure what to order.Food--The spinach dip is wonderful as an appetizer.  I usually order the thai chicken or walnut pear salad which I always get with the dressing on the side, in case I don't finish. I tried the roasted turkey pot pie once, which is HUGE and could feed 2 easily.  It held up well and wasn't half bad reheated....Beer is ALWAYS good.  I've never had a beer there that I didn't like and a while ago, you used to be able to buy a whole 'yarder', where they served you a beer in a yard long glass.  My out of town guests loved ordering the 'yarder' b/c it was a unique experience.  Cost--I do have to agree with some of the other posters--the prices could be better but I enjoy it there so much, that's just the trade off.
4	The wonderful world of Disney...That is kind of how I felt while we walked to the Yard House from our parking space.  This area just felt so artificial to me...Were we in Disney World?  Were we in Las Vegas?  Ooh wait...its Glendale...There was a 10-15 minute wait so we headed to the bar!  120 beers on tap!  HUGE!  My favorite bar in Ann Arbor Michigan-Ashley's-only has 70 beers on tap so I was very very excited to read about all 120.  Sadly the menu gave very little description of the brews and although the bartenders may have had answers it was difficult enough to get their attention let alone ask about the beers.  Thankfully the Pistons were playing on all bazillion of their flat screens so I wasn't too upset.  I went with a raspberry cider (I'm normally not THAT girly) and my man went with a Boddingtons.  After the first sip the buzzer went off and we were seated.Our server was adorable and knew a whole lot about the menu.  I went with a BBQ chicken salad (shocker) that was divine yet I am sure was no where near as healthy as I would like liked.  Brian went with the french onion soup and a Bearnaise burger which he enjoyed. Food-4 starsBeer- 4 starsBar service-3 starsTable service-5 starsEntertainment-5 stars...GO PISTONS!Will I be back?Ehh...seems like quite a few other spots to check out in that area before returning but it's a great sports bar type scene.
3	This is a newer Yard House, a chain of restaurants in 9 states, with the predominate number of locations n Southern California and Arizona. Their self described formula is "Great Food, Classic Rock, World's Greatest Beer Selection".  Their beer menu is great, but I doubt it is the best in the world. The Sheraton at LAX is at least as good, and they carry Monty Python's Holy Grail Ale, and the Yard House doesn't. But they have a lot of international choices and US micro brews, including 3 brews by the local AZ brewer from Tempe, Four Peaks. The menu is eclectic, and I would describe it as fusion in a casual food sense. The prices are reasonable, but the dishes try too hard and are over the top. I prefer authentic ethnic food true to their origins and regional flavors, not ethnic flavors mixed up with average American fast food ingredients stack high and made pretty as if it was some great inventions, They are not, and consequently the mish mash waters down the experience.  Hawaiian Poke Stack $5.72. So so, Prefer the real thing. Spicy Tuna Roll $5.82. Again, trying too hard to make it unique. It comes in the shape of a cake. Ginger Crusted Salmon $22.65. Too many flavors and ingredients stacked high to mask mediocre Salmon. Grilled Romaine Salad $8.95. This was pretty good! Mango Sorbet $4.25, 2 large scoops, but low on taste. Rolled Dead Guy Ale $3.50. Nice tweener of ale and lager. Four Peak Kiltlifter $5.75, Tasty local version of a good Irish Red.  Gulden Draak $4.00, Another in the great tradition of Belgium beers. What the Yard House lacks in taste and quality, they make up in volume and price. In Glendale, this place is very popular, since there aren't many good choices of ethnic food, so this is a good substitute for those who don't care about authenticity, since they may not know it if they ate it.
4	Yup, it's a Yardhouse. The patio has misters, though, and they run all night -- even at 10:00 PM the sweet heat of death is upon you in AZ.Deliciously overpriced, but still  delicious.. beer selection is always fun. Yard House, Yard House, Ra Ra Ra.
4	This place is pretty decent. The food is OK. certainly not fantastic, but not awful. The real reason that I come to the Yard House is for the beer. I 1/2 yard of beer to be more specific. The Glendale location is in the Westage city center, which to me has that Vegas combined with Vegas feel. Every time I come here I feel like I am in side a giant building with a painted, realistic sky. All of the bright lights and signs help my brain think I am in Vegas too. Well, sadly, it is not Vegas. However, still a fun place.Here is the beers that I have had.Anchor SteamMad River Jamaican RedBelhaven Scottish AlePaulaner Lager and Pilsnerin addition they had tons of domestics and imports ( bud, Coors, Stella, Pabst etc.) The servers are always super friendly and are helpful in choosing which beer you want. Just ask for a good pilsner or red. They will help you out. Yard house also has a beer sampler where you get a collection ( i think 6) mini beers to try. One word of caution: If you break a 1/2 yard glass, you most likely will get charged for it! I think the charge is $10. So, don't get sloppy and start throwing them.
4	My partner and I go here almost every night, so I can tell you a lot about the place.Don't bother with the "food" food, if you can. It's not that it's bad food, but it's almost never worth what they're asking for it. What makes this place awesome is Happy Hour, with lowered drink costs and half priced appetizers. Sunday - Thursday has a second Happy Hour from 10pm - Midnight (kitchen closes at 11:30).Appetizers I've had:California Roll. (4 stars) Amazing. It in no way resembles real sushi (but do California rolls ever count as "real" sushi?). The dish is served as a rice "cake" topped with crab and tabiko, cucumber and avocado. The plate is drizzled with a wasabi soy sauce and dollops of Sri Racha chili sauce.Spicy Tuna Roll (5 stars) My favorite. And at happy hour prices the most sushi bang for your buck. Same "cake" style as the California roll, but without rice. Just spicy tuna, edamame, cucumber. I'm a sucker for spicy raw tuna, and there's TONS of it in this dish. I've never been able to finish a whole one. Oh snap, Atkins friendly appetizer?Calamari. (4 stars) A pretty big portion with two types of dipping sauce. The calamari tasted fresh and tender - not rubbery, and the batter was light enough to not overwhelm the taste of the squid.Chinese Garlic Noodles. (3 stars) It's good enough, but it's just garlicky noodles covered in parmesan with big hunks of mushrooms. A good starchy filler if you're really hungry/plan on drinking heavily.Blue Crab Cakes (3 stars) These are actually delicious, but what keeps them from being 4 star is that you only get two and they're falafel sized (so be sure to get them when they're $6 during happy hour). The mango chutney was a nice touch.Spinach Cheese (3 stars) The dip is alright, certainly heavy on the spinach (a plus) but it's served with deep fried pita. Seriously, why can't they serve it with baked pita or something that hasn't been dredged in oil? Seemed ill thought out to me.Margheretia Pizza (4 stars) This little pizza (8 slices, thin crust) is incredibly light and tasty, with whole cloves of roasted garlic - YUM.Four Cheese Pizza (3 stars) Fontana, Parmesan, Ricotta and Mozzarella. Not overpowering, good balance of flavor, but the giant lumps of ricotta keep it from being a 4 star for me.Onion Ring Tower (3 stars) It's got a cute little serving plate (the onions are stacked around a central "pole") but it's just your basic onion ring - a little on the oily side, which might be excellent if you're pairing it with one of Yardhouse's many, many (MANY), draft beers.Sliders (4 star) Comes in "Classic" or "Barnaise." I think I prefer the classic, because I find bearnaise off-putting, but it does come on the side and that style of slider has fried onion strings (but no cheese). Both styles come with shoe string fries and a pickle. $5.95 for either at happy hour, but I'd almost pay full price for these.If you ARE in the mood for "food" food, then please, at all costs avoid the Mac and Cheese. It's advertised as a "grown up" version, but in this case "grown up" means oil. Oily cheeses, oily bacon, and...truffle oil? The one time I tried it I needed to pile noodles up on the sides of the plate in an attempt to let the puddle of oil drip off. This wasn't a little puddle either, it was practically a lake in the middle of the bowl. I abandoned it about a third of the way through.The Creme Brule is good, but not worth the $8.25.
3	To be honest, I don't know what any of the "food" food tastes like. I refuse to spend half a day's pay on an entree. Not all of us living on the west side have MBAs and expense accounts.The reason I keep coming is Happy Hour. Half-off appetizers, 5 dollar cocktails, and cheap drafts.  I'm not even much of a beer drinker but I'll occasionally let one of the wait staff recommend something light and fruity for me. For the most bang for your buck, I'd go with The California Roll, Calamari, Chinese Garlic Noodles, Firecracker Wings,  Onion Rings, and the Four Cheese Pizza. For dessert I recommend walking over to the Coldstone Cremery across the street and getting something with butterfinger bits and sprinkles.
3	I never made it in here to eat, we just came to drink.  (Sounds like the start of a drinking story, doesn't it?)  Good atmosphere.  The yard of beer is an interesting idea, but truthfully, I'd be afraid to consume one of those things.  Anyway, we had several different beers and a pint didn't cost as much as I'd expect.  I'd only make the request of having more Midwestern beers, but I'm biased like that.
3	If you're looking for beer selection + happy hour, this is definitely the place.  You really have to get here early for happy hour b/c after 5 or so it gets REALLY hard to get a table.  The app and drink specials are good.We've been here a few times and feel so-so about it.  We were looking for a cheap HH close to home so we went to try some new things.  Upon walking in, we saw a couple sitting outside with a little wooden stand holding 6 samples.  We asked our waiter about it and it's their "six pack" which contains six samples pre-chosen by them for about $9.  We tried it and I liked more of them than my husband as he generally likes lighter beers and I tend to like amber ales.  I would order it again - it's fun to mix it up and try some new beers and ciders.  Plus, they give you a sheet with the name, origin, and brewery of each selection.  I asked for two samples of other beers and my husband asked for one.  We didn't really care enough for them to order a pint.  We also had the egg rolls and jerk wings.  The egg rolls were good, but not great and the wings were a little disappointing.  You know what's even more disappointing?  Getting the bill and seeing a $1 charge for each sample that we asked for.  Seriously?  For a few sips to try them out before ordering a whole pint which would have been in the ballpark of $3?  Our server didn't even mention it when we ordered them.  It's really just the principle.  Not cool Yard House!  They should take a lesson from Papago Brewing where they gladly will give you a free sample to help you decide on a brew.
4	Great place, especially for happy hour ( 3-7 m-f) and they have a late night happy hour that starts at 10pm , i think. They have beer specials, martinis are $5.95 and almost every appetizer is half off. I have never had a bad meal here. Some of the entrees are pricey but the food is good.
3	Well now that I've been there about a dozen times, I suppose I should write a review. Since there are so many already, I'll keep it short.Only go there during happy hour. It's a ripoff the rest of the time. Get there early and get your fill of tasty beers and appetizers. This is an excellent choice before catching a concert next door. They have Rogue Hazelnut Brown and Chimay on tap, and 120+ more. Try the Hawaiian poke stack.That is all.
4	Beer selection is no joke, but I've been to a few places with a few more obscure choices. I didn't get the same sports bar vibe as a few of the other reviewers, but my friend and I didn't actually get there until about 10:45 on a slow Friday night, so maybe the frat house crowd had already cleared out.3 stars became 4 due to the excellent service we got. Very attentive and friendly, my partner in crime and I wanted for nothing. My suggestion is to get a seat at a table outside with a friend or two, grab a beer/drink and an app, and make fun of all the drunk douchebags leaving Margaritaville.
4	Parents came in after being in Sedona for the weekend and hubby and I decided to take them to Westgate for the whole "west side experience" Perfect place for my step-dad as per his own admission he has had "years of experience with beer" :) We get down there neglecting to check the football/hockey schedules. Hockey game scheduled for the night we head out there. So busier then normal. Probably made for a better experience We put our name in and wait 20 minutes for first available. We get seated and it's a little warm in the restaurant. Warmer then usual. A little uncomfortable but we try and adjust. Drinks are ordered. I love, love the Peach cider. Hubby had a Hoegaarden. Step dad tried something @ the suggestion of our server Mike. Mom had glass of white zin. An order of cold edamame is also plugged in and we are off. We chat some and the edamame comes out. Cools us off. Mike comes and takes our order. Hubby had the steak salad, I ordered the Cuban pork sandwich, mom order surf and turf burger, step dad orders a Greek salad and adds ahi to it. Everything comes out looking fantastic. The salad my hubby ordered the steak was cooked perfectly for him. I will from this moment on every time we go there get the pork sandwich. Tons of sliced pork, pickles, tomatoes, aioli and garlic au jus. Shoestring french frys accompany my order. Mom's surf and turf looks to die for. The Greek salad was a little on the small side but the ahi looked perfectly seared. Everything was delish. I think the ladies won the night with what we ordered. It was so good. We missed happy hour prices by 15 minutes so the tab was a little steep for the four of us. $120 plus tip. Had my mom taste test the Frambroise. So good. She wanted to order vanilla ice cream and put the shot all over it. :)
4	We waited in line to get in after the Coldplay concert, but the line moved quickly. Once inside we did a lap around the bar, packed. On our way out, we asked the hostess "How long's the wait?" Hostess "None"We were immediately seated and our waiter was very friendly and attentive. The food was standard bar fare. Burgers and the like, I had the sliders and they were good.The beer list was big. I'm from Portland and we love our beer up there and it was nice to see that many unique and hard to find beers on one list. My only fear with a beer list that great is how long they keep beer on tap. Meaning, I order some fancy pants euro brew, has that keg been tapped for a week or 6 months?
4	I'm gonna review this as a Cards season holder, eating at Yardhouse about 2 hours before kick-off.It was odd that they put wrist bands on you when you walk in the door.  Not sure why.  We had to wait about an hour for our table.  Only gripe about the wait...I'm a football fan and a Fantasy owner...we stood outside, so I had to keep going in to check out the games on tv.  If you are interested in watching the games the entire time you are in a restaurant, the New Yorker is the place.  They typically aren't as busy in the restaurant side a couple hours before the game and they have tons of tvs.  Food at the New Yorker is not as good as The Yardhouse.Hubbie and I split the french onion soup and it was tasty.  Lots of cheese and I liked dipping the sourdough bread on the side.I got the cajun chicken ceasar salad and it had a nice kick to it.  The Yardhouse dressing is egg-less and still pretty tasty.  It was an ok ceasar.Hubbie got the club sandwich and liked it.  The fries are more shoestring, and have that burger king coating on them, making them more tasty...but I would prefer no coating.Son liked his sliders.  His girlfriend got the brownie dessert since she had eaten already.  It was huge and sweet.We got into the stadium in time to watch the opening kick-off as we climbed to our seats.Best of the entire day...Cards clinched the NFC West Division title.  Yay!
4	After seeing Sarah Brightman at Jobing Dot Com Arena I was still in the mood for dessert. (See my Gordon Biersch review.)I walked through the Westgate Center after the show and decided to give Yard House a try. Perused the menu outside and decided that the desserts looked good.Went in and was promptly seated at a nice big booth for just one person. The hostess asked if I'd ever been there before and I told her no. She briefly explained the menu for me. When the server arrived he also asked if I'd ever been there before. I told him no and he went over the menu again. I didn't want him wasting his time so I told him I was just interested in dessert. He pointed out the dessert section and I asked him if he recommended the 'pint-sized apple peach cobbler.' He said he did but warned me it was small....hence the 'pint-sized' disclaimer. I thought that was cool....some menus say 'pint-sized' but he wanted to make sure I understood they meant it. Honesty goes a long way with me.I said that was fine....that's all I wanted and really needed. He asked if I wanted anything to drink and I told him I'd look over the HUGE beer list. When he came back I asked him his preference between two beers. I took his suggestion with the Murphy's Irish Red and really enjoyed it. The 'pint-sized' cobbler was small...as he had warned...but it was tasty. The caramel ice cream it was served with was a welcome touch over the traditional vanilla.Beer and a cobbler.....strange, I know.....but it worked. The ambiance of the place was casual and laid back with lots of televisions everywhere and lots of classic rock (like their slogan says).Would like to try some of the food next time I'm in the Westgate area. Oh.....the sinks in the men's room were awesome. Or I guess I should say sink in the singular. It was a long trough with three or four 'spigots'. You put your hand up to the 'spigot' and a STRONG stream of water about two or three inches wide came out.  Made washing your hands pretty darn cool. It's the first time in a LONG time that I've felt I got all the soap off my hands in a public restroom.A great and relaxing end to my evening out. Will be back.
4	I'm a fan of the Yardhouse.  We frequent the one in San Diego, and decided to try this one while we were in town.  The food is consistently good; I usually get an appetizer and the "side" walnut pear salad (which is the size of an entree - not so much a side salad).  The beer selection is awesome; they have over 100 beers and various sizes so you can try as many as you like.  The quality of the service at the bar left something to be desired; there were eight to ten bartenders present, none of whom noticed that they had not taken our order.  We waved and called out to them for a few minutes, while they all walked by, oblivious.  After we finally resorted to tapping our glass on the bar, they took our order - but not without a snotty attitude.I will say, however, that the waitress at the table was much more polite and attentive.  I'll go back, but I'll probably steer clear of the bar since good service can make or break your experience.
5	Ok, maybe I turning into a full-fledged "Yelper" by writing reviews of every where I get to eat...I went to this place before the Fiesta Bowl.  Holy Cow!  Did, this place end up with a great location.  It is not the only bar within walking distance of the University of Phoenix Stadium, but it is the definitely the best.  The place is HUGE, with lots of BIG tables for parties of 6 or more.  We had a group of 10 GUYS and we all fit in a booth.Their specialty is beer - lots of beers on tap, but they were out of several domestics due to the Fiesta Bowl crowd.Service was good and the food was better than your average bar food.
4	This is a pretty cool place, especially if you are a beer drinker, which I am not.  If we are at Westgate for some unknown reason, we will usually choose this place over the other offerings in the plaza.  The Happy Hour here is usually pretty decent, with a fairly large offering of appetizers for cheap and cheap martinis as well.  Always a good thing.I've had a couple different things from the menu here and I have always been happy with my selections.  I have had the Beef Dip sandwich and it is quite tasty.  However, if you are looking for really thinly sliced beef, do not get this sandwich because they slice it rather thick.  I have also ordered their Mac and Cheese here and it was delicious.  A good standby.  If you are looking for gourmet food, don't come here because that's not what you will get.  If you are looking for traditional but yummy food then this is a good place to try.  Overall, a great place to eat, talk, and drink.  Doesn't get better than that.
2	In context  of eating prior to  hockey.We've usually avoided this location on game night since the 30-45 min waits rarely fit in with our plans.This Saturday ,Mar14th ,we made a deliberate attempt to get in , waited 30 mins. Got in around 1800, game starts 1900 . The appetizer, entree and drinks were pretty good but we had 2 1/2 yard drinks  which made it hard to have the plate right in front of us.   1/2 a burger and 1/2 the fries are just swept up by the staff. No attempt to verify our intentions just whoosh.Server Aimee was apologetic and would have gotten us replacement fries ( no burger seemingly) or the manager but we had a game to get to that would have been disrupted by either offer. The $80 check for two people has to come with a degree of care and attention that weren't obvious.  So the food is certainly worth a 3.5 , but I can't recall the last time we had our plates taken with such "reckless efficiency"Update: Have received a $25  certificate for this process and will  put it towards another outing( probably at another  of their locations). Update 2: Actually we reconsidered it and decided that  this was a poor attempt to resolve a situation that shouldn't have occurred. It's off our list.
4	Went here last month with coworkers while we were visiting one of our properties in Glendale. The one in Scottsdale was excellent, so I was hoping this one would be the same. Glendale did not disappoint! Appetizers: Onion Ring Tower - I'm not a big fan of onion rings, so when my coworker ordered these, I was thinking "maybe I'll pass". However, they were actually quite good, especially with the chipotle and ranch dipping sauces. Blue Crab Cakes - Love crab cakes! These were pretty good! Liked the chutney that accompanied it. Main Course: New York Steak and Fries - I wanted MEAT and I got MEAT!! I finally broke down and ordered it "medium" (I've been a "WELL DONE" customer forever). It was juicy and flavorful. With a little A-1, it was filling (I'm sad to say I still had a few bites left I could not polish off )! Dessert: Kona Coffee Ice Cream Sundae - I swear I thought I was full! Of course, you only live once, so I went for it! Everybody, and I mean EVERYBODY, watched my dessert as it came through the door and to our table! Holy crap! HUGE!!! REALLY HUGE! Guess what? I ate most of it! Here's the description: "java chip ice cream topped with Oreo cookie crumbles, macadamia nuts and chocolate sauce. served with macadamia nut cookie" I didn't eat until lunch the next day! So worth it! Atmosphere: Eat outside! Let people be envious of what you order here! Bathrooms: LOL! We all agreed the bathrooms had really nice fixtures. Seriously! By the way, it was clean! Can't wait for my next visit to Phoenix!
2	Yardhouse is interesting.Great beer selection, but  usually overpriced, too rich, too salty, meh food.Go for brews, maybe an appetizer, sit at the bar.
5	Probably about 4 stars, but a bonus star for having Old Speckled Hen on tap. Sooo creamy and delicious!I had dinner here with the family before I flew back to San Jose. The miso sea bass was delicious! Service was great, and pretty empty on a late Sunday afternoon. Good beer selection! Prices seemed a bit high...good thing my dad picked up the tab. ;P
3	Great outdoor seating area for good weather months, and there's a lot of people watching to be had from these seats.  Service & food quality are the same as the other Yardhouse locations in the valley, but this location is a little less rowdy (which I consider a plus).Beer selection is great but not so great.  If you're a beer enthusiast, you've already tried at least 90% of the beers.  If you're not a beer enthusiast, you probably won't care that there's so many beers to choose from.  I think they missed the mark by having tons of widely available beers at one place rather than having a lot of hard to find beers that people will like to try for the first time.Prices are too high - $6 pints, $10 for Spinach dip, etc.Kona coffee ice cream dessert and homemade brownie are nice desserts.
4	Spotted this familiar chain across the street from the Cardinal's stadium in the restaurant-filled outdoor Westgate mall.Cost to worth it rating: 3Highlights:- Beers: ~113 on draft, pints, yards, and half yards (2 pints worth) available - Lemonade: specialty vodka cocktail with a sprig of mint that was perfectly refreshing and not too sweet- Sweet potato fries: thin and crispy with a drizzle of syrup- Spicy chicken sandwich: blackened and on a flatbread roll which was thin yet dense and grilled- Jerk wings: sauce was a wee bit spicy yet sweet- Patio: tables and couches with misters- Bathroom (from the hub): 5 urinals and shelf to park your beer glass which he thought was awesomeLowlights:- OC chain so not really getting the AZ experience. Nice afternoon spot for drinks and snacks.
2	Yep, it is a bar.  So it is loud, noisy and crowded...and many people were apparently enjoying it.  I am not knocking it, but I just do not like to pay Ruth's Chris prices for what is clearly a bar.I would have more impressed all the way around if they had remembered our reservation that was taken by the manager.  Given that we had a reservation for our party of ten, and given that the manager took it, you would have thought that the greeters would have been at least somewhat aware of this and had a table kind of ready....but it was not to be.  Some 45 minutes after our reservation, we were finally seated.  The food was ok.  One of my guests thought the food was way too salty.  I thought it was way to blah, especially given the prices.  One of the couples in our party had to wait a little extra because they had burned the first crispy chicken pizza that they had ordered.  At least they didn't try to serve burnt food!  In any event, as I write this review some four hours later, my stomach is twisting and turning so something I ate there tonight did not agree with me.  I will not be back.  They can keep this loud, overpriced bar slash restaurant.
3	I won't be as harsh as my hubby about Yard House because I thought it was pretty ok. But truly just ok. In fact, I'd give it more 2.5 stars than the full 3, but I digress.When we arrived we were informed by two very exasperated too-cool-for-you hostesses that they DO NOT take reservations. When informed that yes, in fact they do, particularly for a party of 10 or more, as per their website and especially when it was taken by the manager who spent 10 painstaking minutes on the phone with me announcing every step he was making in order to secure our reservation and telling me 3 times that everyone would know about our reservation. I should have known then that it would be a cluster-F.ck. They did find our reservation though on a small scrap of paper near the computer. The too-cool-for-you hostesses never apologized about not having it or being snippy. Then there was a whole lot of scurrying around to accomodate our party. The manager was alerted and he himself worked to get our table ready and was as polite as could be.  We had to wait a considerable amount of time beyond our reservation  time though and that's just not cool.Our party was seated with Jason as our server. For me, Jason was the saving grace of our experience at Yard House. He was prompt, courteous, and definitely knew how to make things better for us. Our drinks were served promptly and kept filled.  Beers were just the right temp and refreshing. We did have a mishap in the kitchen with my brother's pizza getting burned, but I have to give them props for not trying to serve it anyway and hoping for the best like so many other places would do. I had the Swiss and Avocado burger and it was great. Friend had Ahi Sandwich and loved it. Hubby had fish and chips and enjoyed them but decided they were a bit bland.. It may have given him a bit of Montezuma's Revenge overnight as well, but you can read his review for those details. Another friend had Gorgonzola burger which he said was VERY salty. The BBQ Chicken pizza enjoyed by brother and his wife was good though it was served about 8 minutes after everyone else's food since the first one got burned. Chicken rice bowl was ENORMOUS, but went over well. Pasta dishes were large and filling as well.  I would say overall, the food was fair, but it was about $5-$10 more in price point per plate than it should have been. Of course, you are paying for location so it's kind of to be expected I suppose.So, thanks to Jason, my girlfriends and I will probably give Yard House another try....but definitely NOT on a night where there is a game or show at the nearby venues.  It was excessively noisy and the bar definitely took priority over the restaurant aspect of the place. And I might convince the hubby to give it a try again too. Maybe.
4	Happy Hour was awesome at The yard House. The Ahi Stack was great and $5!! wow!! Loads of beer...choices.. Good times!!! Great happy hour!
3	Enjoyed dinner with friends at the Yard House Westgage.  We ordered the fried calamari appetizer and it was sent back because it was rubbery.  Our hostess kindly took it back and we ordered the delicious lobster & crab dip.  The only problem was that there was no where near enough dip for the four of us but an oversupply chips and pita squares.All of the entrees were tasty and there was quite a bit of sharing going on at our table.  The hostess was friendly and engaging and truly wanted us to have a good dining experience.Would we spend $140 again for a meal for four?  I think it's pricey for what you get. and might think twice.
4	We avoid this place like the plague on game nights but have visited frequently on other nights and weekends with almost no wait --far preferable to most other options in Arrowhead, Scottsdale or Desert Ridge on a Friday night.  The patio here is great about 9 months of the year (obviously not July, August, Sept). They have plenty of overhead and standing heaters for the winter months.  Lots of great beers on tap as well as hard ciders--I enjoy the sparkling pear cider. The beer prices are pretty standard for a big city --expect $6 and up, but cheaper during happy hour.  We've never had a bad meal here and the service is usually very good--perfect level of attentiveness and not intrusive.  The burgers are spectacular as is the french dip. We think the food and  menu choices are better than Rock Bottom Brewery--but it is more expensive here depending on your meal choices. Most items are in the $11-$14 range with items as high as $25+  Overall--this is the one we go to first and we've never been disappointed.
4	Tom T. Hall said it best it best when he said "I like beer. It makes me a jolly good fellow" - this place claims to have the world's largest selection of draft beer, and while I have not completed the research (would love to start), it had an impressive selection. The menu had 2 full pages of beer...that being said, I had water...I went with a friend for lunch before the University of Phoenix graduation ceremonies on Friday. Right around lunch time and with the early graduation already out and the afternoon starting a few hours later I figured it would be busier. Not the case. We went with a selection of various products from the menu - starting with the lobster, artichoke dip. Can you say yummy? That really hit the spot. Next we enjoyed the mixed greens salad, which really, well, it's a salad...and I try to avoid salads, but it was good. Next up was the prime rib French dip sandwich. The size was impressive - bigger than the one a few weeks ago at the Phoenix Greyhound Park and fairly tasty. The server was maybe just a touch slow. He was there at the beginning, but then as the time crunch hit, nowhere to be found. Typical. We unfortunately had to leave without dessert -but I would give it another go.
4	Living in the West Valley, I like to choose places to meet up with friends that are convenient for all of us, and Westgate is helpful for that because of it's proximity to the 10 and the 101- and the stadium is pretty hard to miss!Anyway, I love Yard House for drinks on the patio. I've been there for dinner half a dozen times and it's great food as well. Their happy hour is really great for food and drinks, which is hard to find at Westgate sometimes! I love their crab cakes and nachos, as well as the great beer selection and prices!
3	PROs:1. Good Happy Hour, with Reverse Happy Hour - The Poke stack is deelish, the spicy thai pizza is sooo yum, hmm pretty much all of it is good.  I need to try the garlic noodles, sounds good!2.)  Tons of Beers - UM I dont even like beer all that much, but I get dizzy just looking at the menu.3.) I wish I got the guys name, cause he impressed me the most.  It was a game day so the bar was packed, standing room only crowd behind me as I enjoyed my bar seat.  On one occasion a guy came up and asked this bartender if they had a certain beer, he immediately said "No, terrible beer man". Hahaha, but gave a suggestion to the customer of a similar better tasting beer!  It was great.  So I continued to listen to him provide suggestions to everyone that asked him for a beer.  4.) TVs scattered around nicely.5.) The patio and the comfy chairs, definitely group happy hour friendly.CONS:1.)When it isn't happy hour its way to expensive2.)The glasses are not ICEY cold, I dont know how anyone can drink draft beer out of a cup that is not icey cold. (I'm picky)3.)On game days, they card  you at the door, put a bracelet on you, and then when you sit down, they ask your for your id again!  This is the most annoying thing ever, I understand the risks of serving someone under age, but if you are going to card me to get in, put a braclet on me and then ask me for my ID when I sit down, after I have already put it away, I'm angrY!  Sorry it seriously bugs me, obviously!Of course I'll be back here, because there isn't really a big selection at WestGate, and I don't always want sushi!
4	Eclipse was great. Blue moon and guiness always hits the spot after a hot day. The poke and sashimi was an added plus.
4	I love the Yardhouse.On a typical Saturday night, the wait can be a bit crazy --- nothing like some Coldstone to help pass the time.  Although the prices are a bit high, the food is delicious.  I mainly go there for some appetizers, booze, and some dessert.  I don't think I've actually tried any "real food." Try the beer float. It tastes like a SweetTart. This place also has a boatload of craft beer for you beer drinkers.Regardless, great place to go with some friends!. The ladies and I love this place.
4	I love this place, a stand-by for happy hours.  The beer selection is amazing and the food is top-notch for bar grub.Coming here with a group and knowing a little bit about beer is gonna get you points with any crowd.  Want a nutty brown ale, you got Moose Drool.  Not a beer fan?  Recommend the Lindeman's Framboise.  Want to class it up with a Belgian?  They got everything from Chimay to Gulden Draak.  Beer to impress.For food, I would recommend the Bernaise Sliders.  Nice rib-sticking bar food that anybody can enjoy.  Will be back frequently!
2	The staff are really nice here, the service is prompt, and the booths are roomy and clean, but I wouldn't especially want to come back. While the menu is gargantuan, there was very little that sounded appealing. It took me a long time to figure out what to order because everything sounded so oily. Not what I want, only a few hours after getting off a plane. However, it was highly recommended by a hotel employee, so I thought it'd be worth a try.Finally I decided on the margherita pizza. It was terribly salty and not much else. However, the creme brulee was really good. Good thing it was shared with two other people because it was very rich! Can't vouch for the alcohol offerings, but as far as food goes, it was overpriced and trying too hard to be fancy/trendy. So glad our friend's expense account was covering it because I couldn't feel good about throwing that kind of money at mediocre food. The big smiles beaming from the workers were big perks, though. Seemed that they all really liked their jobs and the customers!
2	Dear Yard House, I don't like you. Let me clarify; you charge a ridiculous amount of money for beer. Just so we are all clear, I am only reviewing their bar and beer. I did not get the opportunity to dine with the Yard House, and I have a feeling that I won't be going back to do so. I guess I am lucky enough to come from a town that had several true beer houses; beers came from all over the world and you were charged a reasonable price for them. Unfortunately the same cannot be said for the Yard House. I visited the Yard House in Glendale, right next to the Cardinals and Coyotes stadium, and I felt like I was being charged stadium prices. This area looks great for pre and post game activities but I couldn't imagine going there just to "hang out" with friends. I will give you this - they DO have a great beer selection, if you only want North American beers. The majority of their menu is all North American beers, even their ciders. I'm not a cider drinker but if you do have cider on your list then you always have Strongbow, not at the Yard House. My beer of choice is Bass. Granted Bass is an imported beer and I am willing to pay a hefty $5.50 in most places to enjoy my most favorite of beverages. Yard House thinks they should charge you $6.25. 3 beers = almost $20; that's a little too close to stadium prices if you ask me. Also, these are draft beers that we are talking about - that means the beer should be cheaper than what I would pay if they were in a bottle. From what I could tell, they only had 4 bottles on the menu. I had high expectations for you Yard House, but now I see you for what you truly are: just another corporate machine charging high prices for that new niche market of micro brews and exotic beers. Now, leave the money on the table and leave.
3	I love beer, so naturally while visiting the area, i was drawn to this place. The food is just OK. Which is neither bad nor good. The beer selection is STUNNING. It was dreamy. Their in house beers were also pretty decent. I don't know if I would come back to Glendale (maybe another concert, maybe if the Coyotes made it to the 2nd or 3rd round of the finals with my team), but I did enjoy the time I was there.
4	I think ordinarily I would give this place 3 stars, but this review is based on my experience here on New Year's Eve.  After attending a Coyotes game, we came over to the Yard House for a late dinner.  Not surprisingly, the place was packed but we were able to find a couch to sit on outside during our 1.5 hour wait for a table.  Yeah, that's a long time to wait for this place, but like I said it was NYE and we didn't have any later plans, so we didn't mind hanging out.  Coincidentally, you can get full bar and menu service on the couches outside and we enjoyed some drinks while happily waiting for a proper table and chairs for dinner.The food was OK; nothing really to write home about.  My favorite part of the meal was probably dessert - the warm brownie with ice cream was a treat!  When we finished our meal, it was about 11:15 p.m. - definitely too late to go somewhere else to countdown to the new year.  So, we hung out.  Our waitress, Jaime, was very friendly and surprisingly attentive for how busy the restaurant was.  She gave us festive top hats, tiaras, and beads to wear to celebrate.  We were also provided with champagne for a midnight toast.   All of this was free, and there had been no cover charge to get in.  I thought that was a really nice touch.  At ten minutes to the hour, the music turned off and the volume on the TVs, which had all been switched to the big ball drop in NYC, was turned up.  Everybody in the restaurant excitedly awaited the arrival of the new year and when the clock struck 12 there was toasting and cheering.  Yeah, this may all sound very mellow, but it was a fun, relatively cheap (given that every other place had a cover charge and/or price fixe menu), safe place to bring in the new year.
3	I've been to this yard house 3 or 4 times.  I think if I would have written a review the first or even second time, I would have given 4 stars... But, I just don't think it deserves that high of a rating...The beer selection is fabulous.. Mostly because they have Triple Karmeliet.. my favorite :)  The food is pretty darn decent too.  Great place to grab a steak and I am a huge fan of the hawiian pizza.  Good is good.A little on the pricey side if you are planning to stay for awhile.. which is fine, but I don't like to have to spend 100 bucks for a diner and drinks for two.... especially when it's only a couple of drinks.. Boo on that.  Pretty much my only complaint.. I'll get over it though and go back soon I'm sure. :)Oh, and one las thing, I love the music selection.. Always playing good tunes.
4	They have a great beer selection!  Love to get the half yard beers.  They play great music, have lots of TV's all over the place.  Great atmosphere, the service is friendly, helpful and quick!  I don't mind coming here at all for dinner, but it is definitely a bit on the pricey side.  Just like the reviewer below I hate to pay over $100 for dinner for 2 with only a couple of drinks.  I would have given it 5 stars if it wasn't so much on the expensive side and if they would not have gotten rid of the oregon honey beer.  If ever visiting west gate I would rather come here than go to Kabuki's.  Quick tip, get here early because there is usually a long wait if you get there when there is a crowd.
4	If the food wasn't so darn expensive I'd give 5 stars. So many beers, so little time! We went on a Tue & it wasn't that crowded at all until the hockey game ended. We sat at the bar.Food:- Grilled artichoke appetizer was $9.75. The chips were great. Loved the dip. But only 1 artichoke head split in 1/2? For over $9 at least put 2 on the plate.- Parmesan crusted chicken was $16.95. They stack 2 pieces of chicken on top garlic mashed potatoes & the whole thing is surrounded by sauce with mushrooms & sun dried tomatoes.Drinks:- My friend got a red or black velvet. I think it was red. It was fruity & smokey. Not my style but he liked it. About $5.- My other friend got some cherry beer. It was sweet & very cherry flavored. Again, not my style but of course he liked it. About $5.- My friends then got some kind of orange beer with added slices of orange. I really liked this 1. Very tasty. They told me it's from a brewery out in Scottsdale. I remember my friend saying this 1 cost only about $3- I drank a pomegranate mojito. It was good & there was plenty of mint. Mojitos make me feel like I'm drinking Listerine or gum. If I remember correctly this was over $8.- I also got a margarita. Pretty sour but I always love them like that. The music was good. Is there really a jukebox? I didn't see 1...Our bartender, Jason was friendly & helpful. He changed the channel for me when I asked. There are tons of tv's there! I have to say I did feel a little pressured to order a drink right away though. I like to take some time to look at the menu. Please don't jump down my throat & keep asking me to order a drink.The bathrooms were plenty clean. The faucet on the left didn't want to work though. Even the girl working there who was straightening up admitted it's temperamental. I do like their sink once it works though.Also, I think it's pretty cool that you can see the chefs working off to the side.Read in 1 review about wrist bands. We were only carded 1 time & there were no wrist bands.I really need to come back & try a desert. They sound like they'll be really yummy.
4	Decor is outstanding.  Everything is nice.  Flat screens all over the place.  Place is bumpin' with music.Service was excellent for our party of 8.  Hostesses were really nice.Server memorized our large order.  Impressive, because if you're gonna pull that stunt off, you'd better get it 100% correct.Apps were onion ring stack and chicken nachos.  Nachos were good and hot.  Can't complain about that at all.Had the jumbalaya and it was delicious.  Lots of meat and the sauce was tangy enough, but not extremely spicy.Beers were cold.That's pretty much it.  Yeah, I'd come here again.
5	Yard House, the yin to my wallet's yang. Beer selection: awesome. Beer and food prices: high.I'm a huge fan of draft beer. While some like to play with Belgian lambics, I'm still in the hoppy stages of youth swimming in IPAs and west coast bitters. They have around 10 different IPAs to choose from, and their beer menu awesomeness is well-documented in other reviews. For all the shortcomings, the number of high-quality beers and tasty food has my review eternally pegged at five stars.So let's talk about what I don't like. Prices. I know I've said it twice but it is the only reason we don't visit more often. We once had an appetizer come out unforgiveably dirty. But it didn't bother us because once we told our waiter no less than two servers and a manager came to apologize. If they make a mistake, they more than compensate and obviously care a great deal about customer service.Here are some of the other things I like. The turkey burger is to die for. We've ordered it twice and will probably order it every second or third time we visit. The fries are tasty, crispy, and wonderful but because they are thin the temp drops quickly. We try to eat the fries before the burger, but it's difficult because the burger is just so darn tasty.My wife isn't crazy about the pizzas. I would order them again although I will never say it is the best pizza I've ever tried. I think we've only tried cheese, pepperoni, and bbq.But the turkey pot pie? The mac and cheese (with chicken and bacon, their top seller)? The Maui chicken? The Avocado Swiss burger? Yeah, those are the best I've ever had. Here are some more details: pot pie is huge, covered with the tastiest, flakiest, croissant crust imaginable. The mac and cheese is legendary, a must try. The Avocado Swiss burger was juicy, had half of an avocado, and the creamiest of swiss cheeses. What I liked about the Maui chicken was that it was prepared, not thrown together. The vegetables were really cooked in a delicious sauce, and instead of drowning in sauce they were imbibed with it. Just perfection.Obviously we will be going again. Love it. Can't get enough.
3	One of the better chain restaurants but a chain restaurant all the same.  The food is consistantly goodbut is somewhat over priced.  The turkey burger was really juicy and free-range which I really liked.  The atmosphere is nice on a warm day sitting outside and if you have to eat at westgate the yard house or Kabuki are the ways to go.
4	Of the collection of Yardhouses I've visited I'd have to say this was my favorite. Why?Well the selection is better compared to other restaurants in the chain (especially in the way of IPA's) and the servers and bartenders seem to be misplaced beer nerds stuck in a beer desert. There isn't much i found appealing about the Phoenix area beer scene, so for a hop head residing in the area I would suppose that Yardhouse is one of the few beer hot spots. The food is better. The pizzas here seem to be of a higher quality. The BBQ chicken pizza was AWESOME! Totally in love with it after a pint or...four.Huge douchebag clientele though. Popped collars and platinum blondes galore. I left my Ralph Lauren at home and got shot some pretty serious stares. If you live in Phoenix or are a brew fanatic like me who's passing through this is an oasis in the hot, beer deprived desert.
1	NEVER AGAIN!!As a regular at the Yardhouse in LA, I am a lover of their martinis and go often.  I came to Arizona due to a family emergency that has kept me here for an extended period.  I went with my mother and 3 other family members to the Yardhouse for dinner and drinks after spending the entire day at the hospital with my father.  After ordering drinks, we were all asked for ID.  Everyone in the party was well over 21, and I had just turned 29, 4 days earlier.  However, since my California Driver's License had just expired on my birthday (less than 4 days prior- since I have been out of state for family reasons,  I was not yet able to get a new one yet) I was refused drinks.  However, my sister in law (whose license had expired much longer before mine) was served without question.  I offered other forms of ID, and my mother even vouched for me, but they did not care and refused to serve me alcohol.  I was insulted, as was my family and none of us will EVER return to the Yardhouse again after the disrespectful treatment received.  Additionally, I had a group of 10 friends planning to meet us there, but due to their lack of integrity, we took our money elsewhere.
4	I have been here several times since it opened. Love the happy hour food and drinks. The happy hour appetizers are full size (not like some places during hh they cuts qty in half). So far, everything I have tried has been good. No complaints on the food. Service is hit and miss depending on the server. Fan of: Fried Chicken Strips Buffalo Wings Chicken Nachos Grill Pastrami Roast Beef Dip Four Cheese Pizza BBQ Chicken Pizza (Mac + Cheeese)2 Parmesan Crusted Chicken
3	I really like this place.  The food is all consistently good, the drinks are good and the service is great.  I love the atmosphere outside and find it very relaxing.  Prices are decent, given it's location in Westgate.  The only negative I have is that while one can smoke cigarettes while sitting outside, cigars are prohibited.  To me this makes no sense whatsoever.  The manager came out and asked us to put out our cigars.  So we did that, finished our drinks and went to an establishment that was more cigar friendly.
2	*** High Price Warning ***BJ's Brewhouse with a 50 percent premium. Two entree salads, one appetizer, a beer ($6.5), and a cocktail ($7), with tip, $70! Yikes! Nothing special here. Go if you're desperate, which I was. Phoenix restaurants close early! My first choice shut at 830 PM, and my second at 9 PM. My friend was working until 8 PM; so we needed some late dining. Saving the Yard House was decent, friendly service and food, albeit uninspired and rich, that was fresh and tasty.
5	One of the BEST happy hours around!  Staff is very friendly and so are the customers....  you have to try the chicken nachos and pizza!!1
5	They have the best happy hours around, the food is good and their Martinis are even better. When its winter, we become regulars. :)
5	Best place to go and relax with some friends. The outdoor seating is fantastic with super comfy chairs and couches. The waiting staff is always attentive and has rarely lapsed on refills or food. The selection of drinks is simply mind-blowing. They have something like 150 beers on tap. Try the Young's Berry. Superb drink! Food is varied and very good. The sliders are always a safe bet and the fries that come with them are delicious. Also they have a lettuce wrap that must be tried to be believed.All in all a great place to go and hang out.Make sure you go during happy hour, otherwise the price for the drinks adds up fairly quickly.
4	Ok, Yard House...I guess it's supposed to be upscale. Supposed to have a bunch of beers. And I'm sure it's both, but unfortunately, my one visit (so far) wasn't to pick a "high-end" chain or to partake in alcohol. Maybe, when I have a DD and when I have some a little more well-off than, well, me paying the tab.This is not to say this wasn't a good place, it's just that I might not have the best view of what it's supposedly known for. Regardless, I will do my best with what I observed.I met a old college buddy that I haven't seen in 16-17 years - hey now, I'm really not that old - and while at Westgate, I blindly picked this place, not knowing ANYTHING about it. We had a blast. The waitress was wonderful - she let us sit there for practically 3 hours chatting, or catching up, that is. Granted it was a Monday night, football night and the restaurant was 80% empty. Still, I appreciate someone not pushing me out the door - like when I do, in fact, have too many beers. :-)I digress, we both had iced tea and they apparently have multiple varieties. I'm a non-conservative old-fashioned mate who simply must stick with regular tea. In addition, I ordered a pizza. Very affordable and equally delicious.I'm not a big eater, and even the 10" pie looked too much to not ask for a doggie bag, or Styrofoam container. Patting myself on the back, I finished it and it was great. Just plain old pep and mush...remember: old-fashioned.The ambience was nice, big bar, the staff well dressed, mannered and polite. It's a little pricey, but I haven't tried what requires an AMEX Black card yet. I'd recommend it, if you happen to be at Westgate and have some generous buddies or (OTHER.)
5	Even if you're not big into beer - the food is delicious!! Started off with the organic tomato basil soup which had cheese sprinkled on top. Then ordered their signature Mac & Cheese dish which had portabello mushrooms, shredded chicken and bacon. Mmmm it was soooo good I had to force myself not to finish the whole thing so that I can have room for the desert I saw on the menu. We ordered the mini creme brulee that had bananas as a garnish and chocolate on the bottom. (I added a picture of it.) Great place to go to if you have the munchees!! Great service as well - you won't be disappointed.**Side note - I was wearing my mom's watch which fell off and I didn't even notice until the hostess came and asked us if anyone was missing a watch. Thank goodness there are still honest people in this world!!!  Thank you, Yard House!!
5	We eat here periodically as a family and have never had a bad meal (except once - but I'll get to that in a minute).I heard about the Mac and Cheese, but not liking too much fat, stayed away until our last visit.....YUUUMMMMM, good stuff.  The chicken, portabello, and seasoning created an excellent version of classic comfort food that tasted nothing like the classic comfort food -- it was MUCH better.The assortment of beer is unique and gives you anything you want to try (note: don't stir the half and half).  This restaurant takes food you're used to and adds a twist.  Besides the Mac and Cheese, the tuna roll was a unique way to eat this classic sushi.  Yes, a bit expensive, but worth it when you consider the quality of the food and the selection of beverages.The one time I had a bad experience actually occurred after I ate there.  We had one surly, inattentive  waiter who ended up receiving a 10% tip rather than my standard 15%.  So, he decided to write in his own tip after we left.  I noticed it on the bill and confronted the manager.  It was worked out to my satisfaction.
3	Huge selection of beer. The hambugers are really good and the nachos were outstanding. Service is good. The club type atmosphere doesn't go well with a burger and a beer.
4	Good selection of beer and the food is extremely edible. Great place to punish yourself with too much alcohol and some artery-clogging mac and cheese. They have some good healthy options, as well. The salmon I had was cooked perfectly.I've been to a couple of locations and both have had good service. There is an excellent beer variety, although the prices aren't great in that category. However, I understand it is probably expensive to stock that much beer on tap. The house beers are surprisingly good, as well. All around a solid restaurant in all categories.
4	Had the best drink list! The food is good, but the people watching was the best part. sit outside and enjoy a beer before a NHL game.
4	I'm not usually a fan of chain restaurants, even upscale ones like the Yard House. However, I am a fan of the Yard House, and here's why: First, the beer selection; if you're a fan of craft beers like I am, you will appreciate the dozens of craft beer offerings, many of which I have never tried. The Bear Republic IPA was my favorite of the night. Second, the menu is interesting and the food flavorful. I had egg rolls and lettuce wraps; both were in Asian-fusion style and wonderfully flavored. Third, though some reviewers have complained about price, for Monday Night Football they have all-night happy hour, with half-priced beer, appetizers and pizza. You can order appetizers and eat Tapas style while you watch the game from a large number of big screens. With beers, my bill was only $25. Lastly, the service was friendly, attentive, knowledgeable and quick. How many places have a waitress that can and will talk about the relative merits of craft beers, suggest one over another, give you just long enough to decide then come back to take your order?  Sandra, you rock!
4	Awesome staff, awesome beers. Food and drinks are a little pricey but thats what you have to pay for for selection.
4	I was let down to find out there was no yard inside the Yard House at Westgate but it was still a good time.  I came here last night with my family for my Wife & son's birthday.  We started off with a California roll & artichoke for appetizers.  We weren't too impressed with either but ate most of it, the roll was a gigantic piece of sushi packed with rice (should have taken a picture) so it was not the kind of roll you pick up with chop sticks.  The artichoke didn't seemed cooked all the way but most of it was pretty good.  Then I ordered the chicken enchilada stack and it was pretty good and I had a cup of the white chicken tortilla soup and that was the best I have ever had.  We also ordered the shrimp Caesar salad and a shrimp enchilada stack and everyone seemed to enjoyed it.   The atmosphere is great here with 2 beautiful patio areas and the bar inside has what looks like is about 100 draft beer selections, several flat screen TVs throughout.  The booths and table are very comfortable and the whole place has a nice dark warm feeling, great date place for dinner then grab a movie or show nearby.  We went out of our way to eat here for a reason, it is consistently great food, great service, & great atmosphere.
5	Yardhouse at Westgate, didn't disappoint.  First, the hostess placed us in a booth away from the noise of the sports games and music, very considerate!  Second, the ceasar salad was the best I've had in a long time, chrispy roman, great tasty dressing, yummy.  I usually get the Mac and Cheese which is always awesome and went with Sirlon with Portobello Mushroom, Mashed Potatoes, and Grilled Tomato, it was worth it, and had it with a pretty good glass of beer with it..yum.  Server was really nice and allowed us to linger at the table after dinner for awhile.    Tasty meal for a cool winter Phoenix night!!
4	LOVE THEIR VEGETARIAN MENU!  I had the "chicken" and was pleasantly surprised!  It was delicious!  I'm not 100% a vegetarian, but I try to be when I can!  Their sample beers were great too!  Just enough to decide if you love or hate the samples.Would go back again to one of their many chains, no doubt!
5	Beer Selection is insane.  Food very very good as well.  The only thing I can recommend is to get seasonal beers from small breweries and producers instead of large breweries.
4	Great place for draft beer. Also good spot to pregame at. Food is pretty good. Pizza here is nothing to brag about. For the most part probably one of my favorite places to just sit and have a beer at Westgate.
4	Good selection of beer. The food is ok. I'm not crazy about the asian/hybrid cuisine but everyone I know loves it, so maybe it's just me. I work at westgate...the sandwich lunch specials are good.
4	lots of fun memories here, some a bit blurry.
4	I think I have been here 5-6 times since the place opened. *Friendly servers*more beer choices than you can imagine*fresh food*great serviceThe Mac-n-cheese squared is off the charts... the Ginger encrusted salmon is excellent...the calamari is some of the best I have found in Phoenix.Go there.. have a good time... enjoy the evening. you would be disappointed.
5	I've only been to the yardhouse when I lived in Hawaii and I have to say this one is pretty amazing too! One of my girlfriends was having her birthday and she wanted to go to a coyote game, however, we started the night at Yardhouse. I have to say this, their Mac N Cheese was BOMB! I don't think I've ever tasted anything that good in awhile. I am definitely going back for it. And the mixed drinks were hella good too. BTW, the vegetarian menu is to die for. You wouldn't even know half the stuff was vegetarian.
4	***Appetizer: Pineapple Poke!I have actually dreamed about this dish- that resulted in me returning just to savor the delicious tuna creation.Both times I have gone I have just shared an assortment of appetizers... because they're so good! I'm looking forward to returning in the near future. Perhaps I will advance to an actual entree??!My BF loves the assortment of Micro brews on tap and they're served by very personable staff-complimentary.There is ALWAYS a wait after sporting events so I'd recommend sneaking out of the game early to grab a spot or weather the wait while sipping your favorite cocktail at the bar and hope to snag someones spot.
4	Ahhhhh... beer.  Nice thing about Yardhouse... they carry Dogfish Head beer so you can try a glass of one of their IPA's for 6.25 a glass versus buying a 6pack for $10.Well... on a personal note... I don't know about you... but I would totally buy the 6pack and just suck it down... but that's just me.  ;-)So I tried the Smithwicks. Oddly enough, as a beer lover, I didn't even realize this stuff is readily available at local places, like Fry's.  Very good amber beer.I also tried the Firestone union station ipa... to me, you can't go wrong with an IPA.I had the orange peel chicken which was very sweet but nicely flavored other than that. Server was cool and friendly.It was nice to sit outside with the heaters and everything and just people watch.  It's a calming spot after a hard week.
4	definitely a great beer selection not to mention the hummus.  nice outdoor layout as well with the couches.  i enjoyed reading the other reviews and will certainly try next time so different dishes.
4	Our group enjoyed a fabulous lunch here this past Sunday. The patio is perfect for people watching on a beautiful afternoon. Appetizer: Crab Cakes. The guys really liked the crab cakes which appeared to be served with some sort of cream sauce with diced red and yellow bell peppers. Appetizer: Spinach Cheese Dip. This dip fits the standard and is served with crispy pita-esque bread pieces. I truly appreciate the large selection of Gardein entrees they serve for Vegetarians and Vegans that want to enjoy not-so- healthy bar grub like our omni friends. ** Be sure to note any dietary restrictions upon placing your order. I ordered the "beef" sliders original style and they came with cheese which was not mentioned on the menu. They gladly added a side of lettuce and the jerk and buffalo sauces to my plate. I adore there shoe string fries. My companions enjoyed their ahi tuna salad and steak entrees. As far as drinks go, there is a large menu sure to please everyone in your party!
4	Just had a great lunch with brother. Appetizer: Sweet potato fries...and some delicious creamed maple bacon dip. While we waited for our food the table enjoyed Martinis and enjoyed the crowded atmosphere of the West Gate Center. It seems a hockey game had ended or was about to begin so a flood of people came in out of the heat for some nice beers. They have a great selection of beer and martinis. I would check the online menu and make sure that you try something new. After a while our table was giggling and ready to eat. This place gets 4 stars just for the drinks. The girls had the lunch special of personal pizzas with salad or soup while the guys ordered the Grilled Korean BBQ Beef with large salads. Everyone seemed to LOVE their food. I wasn't as impressed with my Marghetita pizza but LOVED the Organic Tomato Bisque so the food gets maybe 3 stars.
5	Let me point out first and foremost, I am impressed by the CONSISTENCY at Yard House each time I dine there.  No matter the location, I can always count on delicious food and great service.  With such a large menu, it really is a wonder that they can get it right every time... and I was feeling particularly hungry after an arctic Coyotes-Hawks game.  Truffle Fries= heaven in my mouth.  Topped with parmesan cheese and chopped parsley, this "Snack" item was definitely worth the calories.  Regular fries will never live up to their full potential again.On the appetizer menu, the Coconut Shrimp is a winner.  Four very generously sized butterfly shrimp are battered and fried to perfection atop a bed of shaved carrots, papayas, and cilantro.. give me a second while I wipe the drool off my keyboard please.Mac and Cheese Squared is a personal AND House Favorite for good reason: cheesy noodles cooked in truffle oil with wild mushrooms, applewood bacon, and chicken breast.  Definitely a staple menu item.The burgers are great, happy hour menu is awesome in forward and reverse, and did I mention that the selection of draught beer wraps around the bar? Thanks for being consistently awesome Yard House!
4	Awesome brew selection including delicious raspberry "girl beer" float. Yum! I had to make my own at home. Went for a girl's birthday. There was about 20 of us and they were a little confused by our reservation but waiting 15-20 minutes wasn't the worst especially when there was already a big crowd on a Friday. All of us had room, ordered, and only 1 order mix up (he enjoyed the alternative food just as much so it wasn't a deal breaker). Split the mac and cheese and grilled romaine salad. The mac was good as was the salad. It was so simple, it inspired some delicious pan friend versions at home. Came back to meet up with family for fish and chips at a low key time. No complaints!
3	Our service was ok compared t oother yard house locations. was there this sunday (3/20/11, lunch time). food was great and service was good.
3	The beer selection is amazing. The place is always filled with people . When I went there with my friends. There was 30 mins waiting . The waiting was woth it as they listed a wide variety of beers. The ambience is good.Coming to food . It was not that intresting. I ordered a chicken dish which was very dry . The fried chicken was fine but not extraordinary.
5	One of my favorite places.  Service is fast and the food never disappoints.
5	The food quality is AWESOME here.  And it's a pleasant, cool setup to sit outside and people watch. This is my FAVORITE spot at Westgate to have a few drinks and eat, and one of my ALL TIME FAVORITES.  I've been to this location a handful of times, from lunch to dinner to late night.  I have tried a variety from the menu.  Everything has been primo.  My favorite is the Vodka Shrimp Pasta.  Goes so well with a half yard of New Belgium 1554.The service is consistently superb.  Lighting, noise level, seating option, spacing, cleanliness- all outstanding.I mean, compare this to competitors such as BJs and Rock Bottom.  All have similar prices, but the food quality, selection of food and drinks, and service (for starters) are superior at Yard House (particularly Westgate Yardhouse).I've been to just about all of the Yard Houses in Cali and AZ.  This one is my favorite.  My previous favorite was in Long Beach, on the water.  But then when I really thought about it the water is dirty and stinks half the time, like most of the LA area does. They have an very solid website, and options to order online and pick up.  Haven't tried this yet, but it's a nice option. I'm a guy that is still a little mad the full yards got taken away.  But I understand it's not the company's fault.YARD HOUSE ROCKS!
4	And also from Kat, the Thai Chicken Pizza with Macadamia nuts (instead of peanuts) is awesome as well.
4	Its a big place. Great patio dinning as well. Food... Not bad at all. But nothing that your going to request the recipe of. But if you like beer, and beer by the yard, and you go with a designated driver ( which I tend to always be) then you'll like this place. Great for before or after any event at Westgate. But also long waiting if events are occurring. Call a head 30 minutes before arrival to cut down wait time
5	I've been to this location several times and I've never had anything but a great experience.  Service and food is always fantastic.  Check out happy hour, you can get some fantastic drink and food specials.Last night we went for Happy Hour before heading over to see a movie, had the Margareta pizza (half off on Happy Hour special) it was delicious.  Service was quick and friendly and the outdoor area is super comfortable.  I especially love the outdoor lounge seating, not just tables.  It's nice when you're just grabbing some drinks with friends to not have to sit at a dining table.The beer selection is amazing, but so is the rest of the menu.  Also they have an entire vegetarian section of the menu now which is great, my only complaint (which is a preference thing more then anything) is that I wish they didn't all contain Gardin products, I wish a few of those items were just veggie items.  But you can also find meatless options in other portions of the menu.
5	My experience at this Yardhouse location has been great! The quality of food has been outstanding every time i've been here, plus you have an almost endless beer selection.. what more do you want! Last dish i had here was the Mac n Cheese and it was Mmmm Deeelicious! The Outdoor patio has a laid back feel to it... cool when hangin with some friends. Great place to be on any given night!
3	the enormous beer selection is great! unfortunately our server, Matt, didn't have a clue about any of the beers other than the very few he personally liked. thumbs up for yard house, thumbs down for matt.
1	Hair. In. Food........Next.
3	I give it three stars b/c after my last experience I don't think I want to go back. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the vegetarian options but what I don't love is finding bacon in them. Every time I went I ordered their Greek salad. It SO good - BUT, last time I ordered it I got a nice surprise, a bacon inside of it. I brought it to the waitresses attention and she replaced my salad. The manager came out and apologized. I figured they wouldn't charge me for it, but, they did. I just thought it was odd. Any other place I have gone to wouldn't have even charged me for it. I mean, am I wrong here? I don't know. If you go and you are vegetarian just look carefully! Otherwise it's a good restaurant.
4	Went to this place for happy hour and found they had some great drink and food specials. The food can be expensive but its good. The beers are good but I would not recommend getting the tasters. All of the beer taster were American beers you could find at any bar in the valley. My recommendation is to try the hefeweizens if you you like Belgium beers and with a pizza. But by far the Yard House has one of the best selections of beer in valley. If you are beer enthusiast you need to stop at the Yard House.
4	OK first of all, Glendale/Peoria is a wasteland of chain eateries and overrated strip mall joints. We have spent many weeks in the area (usually for sporting events) and eaten out 50+ times at virtually every place that serves food. Being generous, the food choices and quality is very limited in the area. If you eat burgers, you will not starve, but you need to lower your expectations if you are from out of the area.Having said that, the Yard House is one of the few "chain" places that offers a diverse menu, great refreshments and good service. The 80's music and tall "yard" beer glasses offer a signature touch and the place is usually packed so that has to be a good sign. Overall, this is one of the better places in the area, albeit on an adjusted scale. Can't go wrong with the burgers, beer and apps, but the farther you get away from this "sweet spot",the dicier the food gets. Overall, not a bad call, just not anything special.
4	I came here at about 6 pm on a Friday to try and snag a table for 7 at 6:30 pm. It wasn't a game night or anything but I was still a bit worried about the wait. By 6:15 the hubby and I were sitting at our table. However, everyone else was showing up at 6:30. The staff was understanding and didn't give us any problems about the wait. Our server was fabulous. She was attentive and incredibly pleasant and friendly. She noticed every time someone joined our party and was quick to help them. We started with some snacks to kill time while waiting for our friends to show up. I opted for the guacamole and chips. I wasn't too sure about the feta in the guac but it turned out to be good. The hubby had the sweet potato fries and maple bacon dip. I'm not a sweet potato lover but I may have eaten them just for the dip. It was nice to have a "snack" sized portion that was perfect for just that - snacking. I had the turkey club for dinner which had avocado on it. It was nothing special but still pretty good. The hubby had a spicy thai chicken pizza that he seemed to really enjoy. Overall, it seemed like everyone in the party enjoyed their meals. Their beer selection is pretty awesome. In reality, that was the reason we opted for the Yard House for dinner. The server was great at knowing what they had run out of and what wasn't on the menu.  For those unfamiliar with beers, she seemed to know what to suggest based on tastes. At the end of the meal, there was no issue splitting the check and getting separate bills. That was refreshing from what I'm used to. Overall it was a pretty good dining experience and I wouldn't hesitate to come back again.
2	I thought I had written a review from my visit in March but I guess not lol. My brother and his wife live in Arizona, so this is where we went right after I landed and our waiter was fabulous etc etc. I give it two stars for my first night experience, plus I love the company establishment etc. I would give it a one star or even none if I could for my second experience here. This rating is solely based upon my experience and not the establishment itself, because I am a fan of the Yard House. I had a horrible snobb stick up his a** waiter! He seemed like life was miserable. I mean everyone else, including the manager was amazing so I am sorry to give such a low rating, but like I said, it is solely based on my experience with this one waiter. I only wish I got his name, so I could warn everyone not to get served by him! lol. He seemed as if he was so miserable and he was taking it out on us. Let's see, i'll describe him. Black or dark brown spiky hair...caucasian, light skin, and snooty!
4	A little pricy for my taste, but always delicious and great service whenever I sit at the bar.
4	Met a friend for lunch here today... very good service....very good food (TRY THE TRUFFLE OIL FRIES!!!)Had the Pastrami sandwich and Tomato Bisque, Our table also ordered the Ahi Salad and the vegetarian chicken salad along with edamame and truffle oil fries off the "snack" menu  all was very good.I thought it was a bit pricey, lunch for 2 without alcohol was $35.00 (2 items off the cheaper appetizer "snack" menu also"They ahve what is probably over 50 beers on tap if your a beer drinkers this place would be a good stop....I saw their Martinis were $10 each....Ouch.
4	THis place has great beer to choose from and happy hour is great. I got the half yard glass with a free buzz at the end. It gets busy on the weekends so come in early.
5	Came here with a large group a while back.  We were there to eat and have a beer before a concert there. It was a weekday so we made it to happy hour. Happy Hour pricing was fair. The food was pretty good. The very best thing there is the beer!  They had like everything on tap! MMMM!
5	Okay, so anyone following my reviews may know that most of them are 4 or 5 stars. This is because I tend to only review places I like, rather than become a complainer and taddle tale on my bad experiences. With that said:The Yard House is by far the best place to find gourmet beers and gourmet food under the same roof in the West Valley. Their selection of beers is staggering, and the bar tenders know their stuff!The food... well... I wish I had a thesaurus handy because every dish I've tried here surpasses my vocabulary involving deliciousness!!!I would not only recommend the Yard House, but ask you please to visit.
4	I absolutely loved my dinner here!  So much so, that 2 days later I ordered it for take out, before our long drive home to California. I had the Ahi Tuna Salad, and it is excellent!!! :)  The day I had the take-out version of the salad -- it seemed the portion of salad was smaller, than when we were eating at the restaurant.The night we had dinner here, we ordered shrimp off the appetizer menu -- which was "good" -- but definitely expensive for what you get.  Three pieces of shrimp (sure they are large, but shrimp only gets so big ;) - for $12.95 -- yikes!!  Sweet potato fries were good, but arrived on the cold side.We ate dinner outside -- great ambiance, and a beautiful Arizona summer night.  Our waitress was friendly, service was fairly fast.  Overall a good expereince.  Prices just a bit too high on some of the selections.
3	We visited the Yard House for the first time today for lunch. We arrived at 11:45AM & were surprised to see how chaotic it was to get seated. After about a 5 minute wait, we were seated. Then we waited another 10 minutes before our server even appeared at our table!  The place wasn't even busy so we had no idea why the delays - not off to a good start.Can't talk about the beer - all 113 varities of them - none of us drank beer. We all had soda or ice tea, at $3 a glass, a small glass I might add, we thought it was too high a price. Yes they have free refills, but when the wait service was so slow, our glasses were empty until we could flag down our waiter & ask for that refill, none came from the waiter unasked for.They have a large menu, lots of variety. Price wise, a bit high for the portions, and the dinner items ranged on average from $15 to $35 for an entree. 3 of us had a 1/2 sandwich & soup - all were very good. I had the chicken tortilla soup- for an extra $1.95, the other soups were no extra, which was excellent. Our 4th party had a salad with chicken in it which she said was dried out.  Would I go back?  Perhaps I would give this place another try, maybe we just hit them on an off day. However, if they have too many off days, they won't be in business long!
4	I am not a big lover of chains, but I do like the Yard House.  Their beer selection is extensive, the service is always friendly and helpful and the food is quite good.  The menu is a little overwhelming, but lots of great items to choose from whatever your mood may be.
4	Hint: Happy Hour for beer, wine, & bar food100 plus draft beersOutdoor seating w/misters & heatersExtensive food menu e.g., delicious fish tacos, BBQ bacon burgerMy favorite was the orange peel chickenGood desserts e.g., Kona coffee ice cream sundae, mint chocolate ice creamCool food service by Brian
5	Amazing place to eat! Everything is always fresh and beautifully presented. Your taste buds will have a new bar to jump over when trying to compare entrees for lunch or dinner with other places.My favorite: SEARED AHI CAESAR seared rare, hearts of romaine, parmesan crisps, croutons and egg free caesar dressing.I feel so appreciated as a customer because when you check on on foursquare they tweet you back and thank you for visiting.   I hope other restaurants are reading this and take note... with the fight for the consumer discretionary dollar making the customer feel good bring repeat and referral business!  Don't be put off by the name....come even if you don't drink because it is so much more than a bar to get a yard of beer! The service is great food is fantastic!  Must try you will be happy!
5	We left the Cardinals game early so we could get a good seat and i am glad that we did. We had Josh as our waiter and he really knew his stuff and had a great personality. As always the beer selection was overwhelming but thankfully you can never really go wrong with a good waiter. I had the Cuban Dip, the sweet tomatoes and the pickles beautifully were beautifully complemented with the Au je sauce. My boyfriend got a half rack of ribs that literally fell of the bone with the first bite. The BBQ sauce was very tasty. But i think the best thing about the meal was the creme of corn. Neither one of us were a fan of creme of corn but this was magical. ;)
4	OK,Don't know whats going on? But this is the second review I know was already done before! It must be in the black hole!!!! Any way, I love this place! We usually eat here after a Coyotes game (Go Coyotes) It's a fun place, great food, almost any kind of beer you want! Whats wrong with that? (nothing) This place can get busy, and does have a lot of seating, but during game day! Expect some delays. But well worth the wait.
4	This is my favorite of the Yard House restaurants and not just because it is on my side of town.  The food always seems to be done just right and my husband and his sister enjoy the beer.  Would have given one more star but my husband has yet to find any food item that makes him want to go here over some other restaurant.  Since I just can't seem to get enough of the grilled cheese and tomato bisque soup it is very disappointing that he doesn't want to go.
3	Ok, where do I start? We usually go to the one at Desert Ridge, but we were close to this one at Westgate so we decided to go...cuz we love this place.... usually.We started with the Calamari. Delish! Then the hubby and I ordered the Classic Cheeseburger because we believe this is the best cheeseburger we have ever had! I order mine medium and he orders his rare. We were so excited to get our food because we were so hungry. The food took a bit longer but knew it would be worth the wait. Well... food came and we dug in. The hubby got 2 bites into the burger before we realized it was cooked medium well. We decided to talk to the manager because the burger is about $12 and we wanted it cooked RIGHT. The 2nd one came out quickly and he bit into it... PEOPLE... THE DAMN BURGER WAS RAW. R-A-W! It was so flippin nasty. The hubby pulled the hamburger apart and it was, no joke, just raw ass hamburger!  I was about half way through my burger and after seeing THAT, I just wanted to puke. I will say, yardhouse (Desert Ridge) has never done us wrong, ever! We will go back but we might stick with Desert Ridge.
4	First visit to the Yardhouse on a non-home game Sunday...Surprised at how much business they had at 3 in the afternoon but also encouraged by it.  This must mean the place is pretty good, right?We started with two beers out of the 120+ they have on tap.  I had one of the Oktoberfest selections, the Beirweisen, which was light, earthy, and very tasty (especially with a squeeze of lemon).  The Main Man simply had the house Hefeweisen and reported it to be nutty, full bodied, and smooth.We sampled some nachos (of course we did, the MM has to have nachos if they are on the menu) and they were very good, just about like we make 'em at home!  Momma had to dive in and swim around in the lobster, crab, and spinach dip... So much so that she cordoned off half the order and declared it would be placed atop her order of (Mac n Cheese)2... And really, I can't blame her, it was good shit!You know what Momma ate for lunch and all I can say is that she gave me her rolling eyeballs and strange chewing smile that I think might be the same face she gives up during an orgasm.  So while its nice to know she enjoys the food, it's disconcerting at the same time.  MM had the burger with green chili and pepper jack and it was very, very, very good!  How can one go wrong with a whole, firm, grilled Hatch green chili sitting atop lean Angus on a fall day?I had the Surf n Turf burger sans bun and I think I'm happy I eschewed the bun.  The asparagus is the perfect compliment to the full sized chunks of crab and lobster sitting on the Angus like a beauty queens crown!  Our server was friendly, warm, and polite.  She made sure we never wanted for anything... Thank you!Unfortunately, we were too stuffed to even ponder desert, but we will be back and their molten lava cake is firmly in my sights!
5	Last night, my wife and I were exhausted and hungry and needed a good break.  The Yardhouse offered that.  The customer service was superb, but not clingy and the food was spectacular.  The LARGE tap beer selection is, in a word, phenomenal.  If you want a quiet night of dining, or a sports bar environment, you can get both in this place, and not feel detrracted from either desire.  5 stars for service, quality of food, and atmosphere.  Definitely recommend to anyone.  We'll be going back whenever we're in Phoenix/Glendale again.
5	First time here, truffle fries are to die for!!! All five of us enjoyed our meals and they have great vegetarian selections!
5	hands down the best place for happy hour.
1	For $60.00 I could have feed five people at the Golden Coral & would have gotten better steaks. The waitress laughed at me when I used my cell phone to illuminate the plates. Seeing as the lighting was too dim to even see the plate. My date's steak has so much fat he had to re-carve the darn thing with each and every bite. He left more than half on the plate. The steak I ordered was old, not aged. I had sat in the cooler far too long. The edges were cooked well but the inside of the meat was gritty and worse than burnt meat. The tomato garnish was so bitter and sour it turned my stomach.The iced tea was weak. The potatoes were edible compared to the steaks.The music was good.
5	Ahhh the Yard House, its good for a date or for family. Been here for both many times and loved it. Their menu is quite diverse, usually offering something for everyone. I love their chicken nachos, being someone who hates nachos, that says a lot. There is no liquid cheese involved! It's a heap of grilled chicken, beans, sour cream, guacamole, fresh shredded cheese that's melted, on chips. I also love their turkey club. The bread is perfectly toasted, turkey is juicy, bacon is crispy, and avacado is creamy. Their garlic parmesan fries are to die for. I did not care too much for their pizza though, had the margarita and I've had better. Service is always good and the ambiance is nice.
4	Tons and tons of beer here. It's pretty much the same format as compared to other one's I'm used to. But this place also has some nice seating outside as well. And for a relatively cool evening in September, the views were much better from the outside.Besides the views, the beers came a close second. Had 3 different ones on this evening. Sea Dog Bluepaw Wild Blueberry, Pyramid Apricot and Papago Orange Blossom. Yah, I wanted to make it a fruit themed beer evening.For food, I chose the full rack St. Louis ribs with fries since my co-workers ate all the appetizers. And I was a bit hungry. Yes, this plate is huge, however the meat a bit dry. They did include some extra barbecue sauce, but you definitely needed more. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/RtnTbhWYw4QjKhoTBV37OA?select=DNj4vVlJ1eD9XjT8ZlYGLQThey accidentally gave me some beans and corn as well for whatever reason. So they just piled on more food for just one person. It was like a feast. And again the views from the outside was great. It's like a mall here so you see everyone walking by visiting other restaurants or do some shopping here. Plenty of free parking too.
1	Came here the other night for happy hour. Our waiter was horrible. He indirectly and directly gave us attitude. After he picked up all the finished dishes. It took him about 20 minutes to come back to our table. It wasn't even busy! Then he ask how we wanted our bills to be and from his tone we knew he didn't want to split it accordingly in partners. So we asked for the bill together. I believe we had such bad service because his tip was already added to our bill (gratuity) By the way, he's the bald guy around his late 20s. Food was great! but serviced was so bad.
4	Yardhouse is great. Huge selection of beers. The pizza is good. Staff is friendly at the bar. I always get the house ipa. It's good. :)
5	Now I know why it's always crowded! They're pretty awesome :)I finally stopped in after a Coyotes game at Jobbing.com Arena for appetizers and drinks. We had the following:guacamole & chips (I am super picky about my guac & this was DELIC)ham & pineapple pizza (LOVE the crust!)Woodchuck Amber Ciderwoodchuck granny smith ciderBTW: there are lots of TV's & on game nights (football especially) the crowd really gets into it, which I think makes it fun, lol, BUT if you are looking for romantic you might want to go to a place with less tv's,,,,, or none ;)
4	Over a hundred beers on tap but I could only make my way through three of them. Most unfortunate, I will have to return.My waitress was really cool with me taking up a table for three for two hours because my friends apparently don't know how to read a clock very well. While I waited, I had a "snack" sampler of Hummus which was excellent and loaded in garlic. The beers were nice and cold, if perhaps a little spendy at $6+ each.Nice restaurant to hang out and to meet up with friends. I really enjoyed it!
4	We had a company dinner here, and i can't complain!  Nice variety of food for a limited catering menu, and they were even flexible because i didn't like the vegetarian selection they had picked.  Cute little area by the sports arena, I would definitely come here again!
4	The more times I visit my son, the more sports bars I get introduced to in the phoenix area. If nothing else, I know my son doesn't go to dive sports bar. This is another upscale sports bar he introduced to mom and dad. We went to lunch on A Saturday 01-07/12 around 1pm.The restaurant was not crowded, a light crowd on a sunny beautiful 70 degree? Phoenix day. My son was meeting some people in the area, so my wife and I had a light lunch and he met us afterwards. What we hadLunch size Ahi Crunch and french onion soup with salad and Iced Green Tea.  That was it for my wife and I. Total plus tax $23.70.  We weren't very Hungry this day.As others have said, if you want beer, lots of variety and want to come back every day for for two years and never repeat your beer order, this is the place to visit. If you want to have a party for the football season, or any type of sporting event, have it here, they offer a good variety of party platters, and it's not your regular wings and potatoe skins and fried veggies and cheese thingys.  Party platters offered:Moo shu egg rolls,    Seared Rare Ahi Sashimi, Thai Chicken Noodle, Penne with Chicken and Peach apple cobbler just to name a few items. A place like this, I could get use to going whether or not there's a sporting event going on.  I read there is at least one in Denver Colorado area if not two. I will definitely check it out.Our server was very friendly and it was very relaxing to sit out on the patio for lunch.  We will definitely come back to the yard house, whether it's here or in Denver to see further what Yard House has to offer
5	I can't give 4.5 stars, so the food quality and service pushes it to 5. I think the fare is a bit too high priced for the quantity of food, but the quality was outstanding, and the service was excellent. (We were in here late - around 10:30pm on a Sunday night.)The atmosphere was *great*, it was 101 degrees outside still, but they have those misting hoses around the patio area, and the inside is a beautiful bar, and my date was great!I would definitely go here again.Orders: tomato bisque soup, sweet potato fries, and coconut shrimp appetizer.
4	Yard House has a pretty good happy hour.  They have half price selected appetizers and drinks as well.  I'm not normally a fan of onion rings, but their onion rings are light and come with really great tasting dips.  They also have a small plates menu that I order from.  Their truffle fries and ceviche are delicous!  Good service too.
5	First of all, I have to give our server Rejeana five stars for herself.  Within two minutes of being seated she appeared, a petite, bubbly and very informative young lady. She gave a very clear explanation of the beers, and menu and also asked if we were going to the game, since it was close to starting time.  We were not, but we're impressed that she would inquire.  Our drinks and meals appeared quickly even though the restaurant was quickly filling up.  Every time Rejeana passed our table she checked on us.To start with we ordered the crab, lobster, artichoke dip which was excellent.  There were four of us, I ordered the Mac and cheese and a ranch salad.  The salad was fresh and of a good size for an appetizer salad and my adult Mac and cheese was saucy with plenty of chicken, bacon and mushrooms.  I will enjoy the leftovers.  It was delicious.  Another tried the pepperoni pizza which he said was equally as good as any he had had.  He also enjoyed his caesar salad.  One had the clam chowder, yum, with the fish and chips which was a very large order.  He totally enjoyed it.  And the fourth of our party had the tomato bisque which she said was the best she had ever tasted, and also had an order of the crab cakes which she totally enjoyed.  Two of us are foodies  from the Napa Valley in California and we are very spoiled with five star restaurants surrounding us.  The food we enjoyed  at your restaurant this evening was equal to what we enjoy at home.  Kudos to you!
4	After the USA won against Venezuela on Saturday, we headed to the Westgate center. Originally the plan was to go to McFadden's, but there were about 100 people in line. We also tried Calico Jack's upstairs, but it was too loud and not conducing to conversation. I had previously bookmarked this bar, and so, we gave is a try. FYI, in case Google Maps tells you you're 0.2 miles from Jimmy Buffet's Margaritaville (like it did for me), you're actually right next door if you go towards the back of the center and to the right of Calico Jack's.At about 11:30PM or so on a Saturday night, the wait time was 30-45 minutes for a table inside (keep in mind there was a hockey game too), but we were seated immediately at an outside table. Even though it was quite cold, there are heat warmers hanging from the roof. I ordered the French Onion soup, and I was pleased to note it was made properly with a slab of cheese on top, followed by a layer of bread, and the soup underneath. It is a pet peeve of mine when French Onion soup is made incorrectly (like at La Madeleine). My friend had the steak, which he said was delicious, but I think the star of the meal was the garlic french fries. They're thin, like at Smashburger, but REALLY delicious! I probably could've just ordered a side of fries and been totally satisfied. I can still remember the taste of them, two days later!For a hot cocoa, bowl of soup (more like a mini crock pot of soup), tip, and tax, I think my portion of the bill was about $12. The waiter was attentive and friendly. He voluntarily brought water after I'd finish my hot cocoa, even though I didn't ask for it (much appreciated). If you want some great food, relaxing conversation, and interesting people watching, this is the place to be!
4	This is a casual place that has a better menu and drinks than a red robin or a chili's. I really like their grilled cheese and tomato soup and they make a great margarita. It is a very loud place and they have a lot of beer choices. A good place to meet up with friends or sit in the bar and take in a game.It can get busy on weekends though.Stay away from anything "sushi" sounding, it is not what you think.The thai noodles are great!
1	Ok, the food is good. The atmosphere-good. What is AWFUL is the hostess/seating service. They usually have 2-3 hosts on any given day and not one of them are capable. Twice I have been placed on a waiting list of 20+ minutes despite seeing 3 or more tables and outside seating totally open and available--and I am not counting open tables that just need cleaning.  The waitlist had 3 guests before us. Why hadnt they been seated already?!  I am sure they were thinking the same thing. They also neglected to offer the bar seating. I am exhausted by their snobbery.  Went to Gordon Biersch instead. Was seated and served immediately. Food and atmosphere there was GREAT. GB got our patronage and our server enjoyed a 20%+ tip.
5	This was the place my friends and I would go every time we went to a movie. The service is good, friendly. The food is amazing. I usually got the french dip and loveddddd it. Good portions, good food, good vibe. Decent prices.
4	Yep!  I still like this place.  My husband and I went for happy hour today and ordered way too much food.  But the happy hour prices really do play tricks on your mind.  You think you are saving money by coming to happy hour, but somehow you end up spending more than you would at dinner.  We ordered the onion rings which I won't eat anywhere else but at the yard house.  We had the truffle fries, pork belly tacos and the short rib tacos.  The tacos were ok, and for $4.95 for just one taco I'll probably not order those again.  My husband ordered the Gorgonzola burger with mushrooms.  That was really really good.  I would order that again.  My husband had several different types of beer and I ordered a hawaiian sunset.  If they cost less than $6.25 as the happy hour price I would have more of them.  I'll be back soon.
4	Over 100 beers on tap, sports on TV, super friendly bar tenders, and, big for me: tons of Vegan/Vegetarian options
3	Good beer and decent food...
4	Very nice place.  Big menu and experienced wait staff.  Food was great
5	This is the oasis of good food in a slowly dying Westgate. Everything here is well portioned and delicious. Prices are high but you get what you pay for.
5	Awesome dinner drinks thanks janet for a great dinner
5	My hubby and I love Yard House especially for their late night happy hour. It's super-chill and a fun place to hang out for a couple hours. Their menu is massive and have yet to have something that we don't like. Especially love the ahi tuna app as well as the pizzas (margherita and pineapple/ham). Last time we were in my husband could not remember which Amber beer he had the last time we were there. The server made it his mission to find out which one it was making several trips to the taps and listing off names and styles until he found which one it was which was impressive. The servers and bartenders have genuine personalities, but are not overbearing. I also like the semi-open kitchen where you can see back of house staff working. Yard House is one of my favorite go-to places to grab a beer/wine and a tasty little snack.
4	Overall, fun place.  Food is more 3.5 star, but hey, they have a huge beer selection!  Appetizers came out quickly.  The onion rings are so so.  The calamari is good, but ours was mostly tails.  Steak was on the tough side.  Fish n chips were good.  Beer is great.  Service was great, other than the lull between appetizers and entrees.  Will go back someday.
5	Very good food and deals during happy hour. Great Service especially from bar staff. Love going here for fun night with Martinis
4	Bernaise sliders =  YUM!!!!  I love yardhouse, and their happy hour makes it easy to try a variety of food.  My mom and I went for lunch (before happy hour) and they had nice lunch specials with a good amount of food for a reasonable price.  She had the crab cake sandwich, which she really liked, and I had - the bernaise sliders - which, as usual were FANTASTIC!  It was not very crowded, which was nice...and i love that they sell a 6oz beer.  Just enough!
4	Great happy hour, great sliders, great selection of beers and a variety of mixed drinks.  The sliders: bearnaise, Ahi tuna were great, even better at happy hour to keep the cost down.  I also enjoyed the onion ring tower, but it is a huge amount of onion rings: share it wih someone.  Also the sliders come with fries and for a little more sweet potato fries....  If you are looking for a large plate of food, maybe you are having happy hour with a group of friends the chicken nachos will be enough for the whole group.great seating outside, if the weather is fair.  Being centered at Westgate it is a great place to hang out with friends.  When its hot out I enjoy the booth seating here.
4	don't often love corporate chains..but love the Yard House..great selections of drinks and food..love the variety...everyone is always pleased with their meal..from fresh salads to tacos..  :)  service is always friendly and accommodating......had the wings..tasty but small, ahi tuna salad and clam chowder.  The pork belly tacos and carnitas are also a crowd pleaser...keep up the good work!!
5	This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in the Phoenix Metro area.  They play a steady stream of good music and there isn't a bad thing on the menu.  The service has always been great.  Although a bit pricy, the atmosphere can't be beat. I can't say enough good things about this place.
4	This is my first review so I'll probably keep this fairly short.The Yardhouse is my favorite restaurant/bar for trying different drinks so far. I've only been 21 for five months but haven't found a single bar yet that has a selection quite like them.The pints aren't usually an excellent price, but the diversity of drinks is too good to pass up. The service is good 3/5 times I am there. Last time I was there I was with a large party and the waitress never came back with my drink order. Another waitress came to take my order and she didn't show up either. Finally someone came and delivered my drink after a half hour. By this time most my party was ready to head into the movie theatre across the way and was only able to drink one beer. Like I said, the service is usually great, but they can get swamped and forget about you.  Unless there's a huge sporting event on they're always willing to change the channel for you to a different sporting event. If you go a little later when the bar isn't swamped the bar tenders are all really chill and will tell you if a beer isn't really that good. The food is average quality. Nothing to go raging to your friends about. The streaky service and decent food is what kept me from giving it five stars.
3	Not a bad place.  Cool bar and beers.Went during happy hour and made a meal of sliders, wings, California roll and garlic noodles.  Everything was good and it was too much to finish.
5	The vegetarian menu is amazing!! It's not cheap but it's great for special occasions.
4	I really like this place, it's got a good crowd and atmosphere. It's a good spot to go with a group of people to hang out during happy hour. Tons and tons of beers which is good but I gotta keep my strict diet in line so I won't drink too much. Service can be mediocre though sometimes so be sure to not be in a hurry when you come here.
5	Loved this bar! Wish we had one in Oklahoma. Try the ahi!
4	My husband's family took us to a concert at the Jobing.com arena. We needed somewhere close to eat. All restaurants were swamped from concert goers, but when we walked up to the packed Yard House, they were very accommodating and we took their last table outside. Thankfully on a hot summer day, the misters and prompt service of water made everything okay.While the restaurant was totally full, our waiter never seemed stressed and checked in on us often. He was very knowledgeable about all the beers and even provided our table with a sample.  I tried a happy hour martini. I would never not pay happy hour prices for their drinks. It was okay, but I think if I am ever there again, I would just get a glass of wine (since I don't drink beer)As for the food, I chose their 4 cheese pizza which was on happy hour pricing. It was 11 inches and only 6 dollars and change! What a deal and a yummy pizza to boot! I decided to add pepperoni onto it. Each topping is 1.00. My husband and his sister had burgers which were some of the best I have tried. Be warned that their BBQ sauce is on the sweeter end, but all sauces for your burgers are on the side. Their fries are those yummy thin fries that make it easy for you to eat a lot of them. Members of our table also ordered a Cobb Salad which was good and Jambalaya. If you can't make it to New Orleans, this will do the trick!I would have given this place a three if it wasn't for the pizza (especially with the amazing happy hour price) and the burgers. So I say come during happy hour.
4	I really liked the food here.  Being the only vegetarian in a group of people looking for a decent place to eat on a Friday night can leave you feeling a little guilty (or if the people you're with are just jerks, can really make you feel like crap), so finding a place that offers great food in addition to great vegetarian food was a win.  Oh, yeah, the their bar is pretty stellar (try the raspberry cider).  Only one person in our group actually ended up ordering anything with meat in it, as their vegetarian menu was just too appealing.  I was happy to see so many options, but a little bummed that they seemed to rely on Gardein products (which I love, don't get me wrong, it'd just be nice to see some variety, or even some creativity from restaurants when it comes to meat "alternatives").  I went with the Orange Peel 'Chicken' with a tomato soup to start, my boyfriend got the Sliders, and our table mates ordered a rather awesome looking salad with French Onion Soup and some tacos, respectively.  Everything was delicious, and I look forward to visiting again.The only real downside here, for me anyway, was how crowded the restaurant was (I know, my bad for going on a Friday night), and because of the volume of people, the volume on the noise seemed to be increased, too.  We were lucky to be in a corner away from most of the hubbub, but it was still rather unpleasant.  If they could figure out a way to reduce the noise (not too hard to do, actually), rework the dining area so it allows for more fluid movement with out the congestion, and maybe be a little closer (clearly this last bit is not a 'must'), they would easily get 5 stars from me.
5	I have always had great service here,even when it's busy.The food is excellent but expensive.They do have an awesome happy hour which makes up for the costly prices.Great selection of beers and awesome martinis make coming here worth it. They also have a pretty cool patio for when the weather is nice.i definately reccomend the yard house.
5	I am delighted to be the official Duke of the Yardhouse.  As a boy, I was raised in the happy hour menu.  As a man, I continue to feast upon it!  So, speaking from over 20+ years of Yardhouse-experience, let me share how to maximize your experience at this location:A.) The location is prime.  It's right in the middle of Westgate and is great for people-watching, and it serves as a perfect pre-football or hockey game location.B.) Happy hour= awesome!  http://www.yardhouse.com/AZ/glendale-restaurant/happy-hour/Highlights include the Chicken Nachos (enough to feed two people until you almost puke); Pizzas (hot and yummy); Fried Calamari (some of the best I've had this side of the Mediterranean): Ahi Roll (better than Filet Mignon IMO); Spinach Cheese Dip; The Sliders- especially pastrami (enough to stuff you to the brim); and well, pretty much everything else!  Oh yeah, the drinks are great and are reasonable.  If you like IPA like me, the Green Flash West Coast IPA will melt in your mouth.  They have over 100 beers on tap, so you are bound to find something that you like!C.) The service.  It's really good overall and you will be taken care of very well.D.) The food.  It's all very good and filling.  If all that doesn't convince you, that's okay- I'm happy to have the place to myself!  After all, I am the Duke!  ;)
3	It took 10 minutes for someone to approach our table but when they did he was friendly. Ordered the chicken nachos as an appetizer and although they were huge, the chicken was bland and had no flavor. My wife ordered a plain cheeseburger cooked medium which came out fine, my bbq bacon cheeseburger which I ordered medium rare was at best medium well. Both of or burgers were okay, nothing special. The best thing about or time there was the beer of course, ordered a half yard which was interesting but a bit award to drink from. I will probably go back again to give out another chance, seems like I was just there on a bad night food and service wise
4	So, second time here, first problem.  Ordered the menu "steak sandwich" by a colloquial name "cheese steak" and was brought a piece of cheese cake for my lunch... While comical, common sense has to play a part and the waitress should be asking for confirmation I'd that is all she thought I ordered with my beer lol.  Overall, I got comped my lunch by the manager, and enjoyed a nice steak sandwich, which in fact was, a steak on a sandwich.  Delicious.  And I'll definitely come again, but make sure my order is understood clearly.
4	If you're a beer lover (and a bit adventurous) this place is amazing. One review said most of the beers are North American, which seems they don't know beer. EXTENSIVE beer list and the only place I've found with Chimay. The food is expensive but so worth it. The mac & cheese is amazing and their onion rings are among the best I've ever had. If you're into seafood, you MUST try their crab crusted swordfish with wasabi mashed potatoes. Again, the only place I've found that serves swordfish. They are really busy because of their location so I would recommend reservations. It's the best meal you'll find at Westgate. Trust me, I've tried them all.One star off for the service. It's good but not great.
5	I took my wife there for dinner last night what a great place. great food,great selection of drinks they have over 250 beers on tap. the service was great too. they really knew their stuff about the beers.
4	Came in 10/27/2012. Great peeps in here. Wonderful selection of brews. I'll be back for sure. Go Niners!
3	I have been to the Yard House twice and had two very different experiences. The first time I went with a group of people and we all found that the service was some of the worst we had in memory. At one point we wondered if our waiter would ever come back. When he was there he was very unhelpful and the other people in my party especially were not pleased with him. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and I thought the food was alright at the time, but I later ended up getting sick. However, after my negative experience I was contacted by the restaurant and they apologized and invited me back. I was actually pleased with their customer service and how they reached out to me, so I did come back for a second time and was glad I did.My second visit was almost like eating at a completely different restaurant. We were even seated at the opposite end of where we were the first time. This time our waitress was excellent and did a great job of making sure we had everything we needed. We ordered new things this time around like their calmari, lobster crab and artichoke dip, and the vodka shrimp pasta. Everything was excellent and we couldn't get enough.Needless to say I ended up being very glad that I came back for a second chance. I have no more complaints about the Yard House other than it being a bit expensive. In any case my wife loved it even more than I did, so I am sure we will be back to try it again.
5	Love this place. My husband and i eat here all the time and it is really kid friendly. Beer is amazing and their pineapple express even better. try the crusted halibut you will not be disappointed.
5	I love Yardhouse!  TONS of beer and alcohol selection, great menu and wonderful service. I hate here today after shopping at the new outlet mall across the street, and decided to stop in at the last minute for a quick meal.I went with a cheeseburger, fries, Dr. Pepper and french onion soup.  It came out really good, and I had a really good time here. I wish I would have been able to get something to drink, but I felt like noon was a bit to early to start drinking, plus, I didn't have anyone to drive me home, so I passed on getting an adult beverage.I love how this place doesn't feel like a traditional bar. It's nicely decorated, and the service is always wonderful.  They offer patio seating here as well, and I wish I was closer to a yardhouse as I would probably spend more time here enjoying their huge alcohol selection.This place is worth the shot, and I always have a really good time when I come here.
3	Went here one night with my girl and was my first time here, ever....I was surprised that paying $15 dollars for something that follows such a small plate of food. I mean it had 5 bites and I was still hungry.Inside: It was a huge aread inside with lots of TVs and a huge bar area, there is also a huge open kitchen area that is quite loud in fact all the time. They have a back area that is a great area for dates.Outside: There is a secation of seats outside if that is your thing, I didnt sit outside so I cant comment on that. Service: The waitress was always around or near the table to ask if we needed anything added to the bill or glasses refilled. This was always the only place I have been carded at for years and it was the case I was at a table where someone would be drinking at, I didnt mind but bring your ID.I really dont mind paying out for big food that is ok, or little food that is awesome, since this place was neither I won't be returning unless I come back during a happy hour and just for drinks.
2	The last few times I went here, the customer service has been TERRIBLE! Today I went here for lunch with my husband. I ordered a bowl of chicken tortilla soup with extra avocados and the snack ahi bowl. He orders a bowl of clam chowder and pizza. I get my soup with no spoon and no extra avacado, he gets his pizza with a cup of chicken soup. We correct them and tell them my hubby had a bowl of clam chowder, they come back with a bowl of chicken tortilla----- we correct them again. Well, three times a charm because they finally got it right. Then they give me the ahi tuna roll instead of the bowl. I sent it back an finally got the bowl, it had no dressing and tasted nasty, but I didn't have the time or energy to send another thing back. At least the chicken tortilla soup is always good, even without extra avocado!
3	We order the chicken nachos and Turkey burger. It was just OK nothing special the chicken was dried out and tough to eat on the nachos. The service was good and had plenty of TVs to watch the games.
4	Tons of beers, great service!!
5	This is a great Yard House.  My first experience at a Yard House was a few years ago at the one in the Scottsdale mall, and well, that was obnoxious.  Not so much the Yard House but the people.  Anyways, moving on...This Yard House has a great vibe about it.  There's plenty of seating inside but the selling point with this location is the outdoor seating that wraps around the restaurant with plenty of heat lamps.  Being that it's tucked behind Margaritaville, it's a great place to sit and people watch at night.  I had the Mac and Cheese, which is to die for and probably the best adult mac and cheese on the planet, and then I headed inside to the bar for a whiskey.  Of all places in Westgate, the people I ran into here were super friendly and easy to talk to.  The bartenders were really friendly and I ended up staying a couple hours as the patrons at the bar didn't have the attitude as some of the neighboring restaurants and everybody was chatty.  It was a fun experience.  The lighting is a little dimmer inside than some restaurants but it sets the tone for the place and it works.  The Yard House in general has some of the absolute best food around.  If you are in the Westgate area it's a must stop for dinner or drinks.
4	This is my favorite Yard House in the valley. I frequent it often as I work at the stadiums in the area. The outside seating has changed in the past year unfortunately. There used to be more comfy chairs and couches making meeting new people easy and fun. There are only two couches left. They have followed suit with the Desert Ridge location and put hardwood tables and chairs outside :(Their food and service far surpasses any Yard House in the valley. No snobbery here. The staff and mgt. aim to please. Favorite appetizer: Ahi Poke Bowl. They have the best sweet potato and Parmesan truffle fries as well.
4	Great for when you have beer adhd.
3	Trying them again.......So I went to the yardhouse again tonight for dinner with a friend. I haven't tried dinner service in a while. I must say that the food and service was much better during dinner than the past few times I've been there for lunch. I'm giving them 3 stars because they didn't ask if I wanted another martini after I finished my first and the steak was very under seasoned.
4	I have been here several times.The beer is always cold, the bartenders seem knowledgeable and are able to offer you advice and samples.I've had a pizza and their spinach dip - both were very good.  With the pizza I also had a side salad, which was just okay - I would prefer more types of stuff in my salad.If you're looking for a low-drama beer and appetizer, this is a good place to go.
4	My boyfriend and I really like their happy hour menu - they have several vegetarian options, which is a nice change. We normally get the lettuce wraps, gardein wings (get the asian sauce, not the buffalo sauce) and then a few other random things.They have an amazing taps selection, and you can get really small portions so that you can try a bunch of different types.It's got a slight upscale pub feel to it. I really like this place, I just wish there were a location closer to downtown Phoenix!
5	Awesome, just awesome. Go out for a date, or just to eat. Beer selection is great.
4	So... this place is NEITHER A YARD NOR A HOUSE... how deceiving!  But what it is is a great spot to hangout with friends (or family if that's your thing) and eat delectable food and drink beer (or other drinks... again, if that's your thing).  Good HH specials... and I believe that every appetizer includes that most important of ingredients -- LOVE!    I would give Yard House 4.5 stars if I could, but I can't.  The only bad thing is the terribly deceiving name.  Lol.
4	We hit up the yard house before a Cardinals/Bears game.  When you first see the line out the door you get a little discouraged.  But we had come early enough to suck it up and wait.  The line outside the door is just the wait to get inside so they do not go over capacity.Once inside you can put your name down for a table, or go to the patio/lounge, or hit the bar.  We put our name down for a table, then hit the bar.Surprisingly they have a decent system here, that works.  They have roped off areas where they do not want people standing in order for the servers to get in and out.  And that is actually super helpful.  We were able to get up to the bar and order drinks, step back, and watch TV while waiting for our table.  They said it would be an hour and a half wait for a table but I think we were seated after an hour.  It really wasn't that bad.  And once seated, service was really good and quick.  No problems at all.  Definitely recommend it before a football game, but be prepared to wait a little while.
3	Yard House consistently serves up a wide variety of good food, and of course, has a huge selection of fresh beers on tap.  If I'm in the mood for beers I can't find anywhere else, this is the only place to go. Unfortunately this location is small and always too crowded.  Ive never managed to go there and not have at least a short wait to be seated, then slow food delivery since it's just packed.  And sometimes it's just full of sports nuts being loud since it's next to a stadium.  I'll probably avoid this location in the future, although I love the Yard House chain overall.
4	Pastrami is yum! I love their food and service!
4	Pastrami is yum!
4	Great place to go for a happy hour with a large group of people....for the appetizers, beers, sports, the crowd and the drink selections.They have plenty of room for larger groups and have small, cozy spaces for a quick, couples escape to enjoy each other & good conversation.
3	Good option for (a long) lunch.Been to Yardhouse three times for lunch.  The variety of sandwich and soup/salad combos are really good, as are the two personal pizza options.  With a drink, the meal is moderately priced at about $18 with tip.Knocks are the overall lags between ordering, getting food, getting check(s), and getting payment receipts back.  It has never taken less than an 1:40.  Staff is really nice, but they really need to tighten their game up.  Noise can be an issue as you'll likely be hoarse when you leave-- you don't notice how much you yell to talk to the people around you.  The place also has more appeal if you like a sports bar setting.I'll give them four stars instead of three when they learn to shorten turnarounds.  Regardless, it's a good option for tasty food if you have the time to spare.
4	Whenever we go to a Coyotes game or a concert @ Jobing.com Arena, we stop by this location to grab some grub and pre-game Brewskies.  If you plan to come here pre-game, be prepared for a long wait.  We average 30-45 min every time we come here before a game.What can I say about Yard House that hasn't already been said?  I love their Beer selection and food.My favorite dish is of course the Sliders ($10.85).  When they have it, I get the Green Flash IPA ($7) to wash it down.Overall, it's a great place to be just before a Coyotes game.Return Factor - 90%
5	A kabillion kinds of beer?  Check.A bunch of snacks/appetizers for watching the game?  Check.Music worth listening to? Check.Dinner foods worth eating?  Check.NHL Channel on at all times?  Check.  Well ok, most don't care about this but being a hockey nut no places have this.Maybe none of the above is amazing (other than the beer selection).  Maybe it is a bit expensive for a cheapskate like me (I go during happy hour and find it still to be a bit pricey).  Maybe parking is a pain if you go for an event.  Maybe it takes a bit longer to get food as its normally pretty busy.I don't care.  Stop your whining, pony up 2 dollars and get yourself a couple of Big Macs.On a more serious note one of the upper managers was around and noticed I was wearing my Wings jersey and bought both my wife and I drinks; he also happened to go to the same community college as I did in Michigan.  Go figure.I'd recommend the Onion Ring tower, sliders, Mushroom wraps, and spinach dip for appetizers (in that order).  The sweet potato fries with maple dip are all kinds of tasty for a bar treat.
5	I don't drink beer but I love the food here.Everything on the menu, and I mean EVERYTHING is great! I especially like that they have "Gardein" vegetarian selections.  I have friends that are vegetarians so it is nice that  we can go somewhere and they are not stuck with just a salad or a baked potato.The service is spot on, and the wait staff is knowledgeable of their menu and can answer any question.I make a stop here every time I'm in the valley.
3	I don't usually come here to eat but my cousin and I decided to eat here this past weekend. I do love the selection of drinks on tap, my boyfriend and I have come in here to have a drink a few times while waiting to see a movie. It wasn't really that busy, we came in on Sunday afternoon and both ordered the pizza and salad/soup lunch specials. The kitchen got my cousins order wrong so they had to remake it and one of the servers did come let us know, my food was perfect but when they brought out her pizza the must have rushed it because it wasn't cooked all the way and it was very doughy. She obviously didn't eat it and our waiter we saw maybe a total of three or four times the entire time we were there. The general manager came to apologize and gave us our meals and drinks for free since we were unable to wait for them to re cook her meal for the third time. Never had issues here before and I'll go back but just bad service this weekend.
1	I try to not review in fits of anger but, I am so pissed!  Took a group of four here after a movie and it was a disaster!  Unfortunately, no amount of beer can ever make up for such a crappy dining experience.  Waiter kept touching all of us in that overly friendly/concerned relative sort of way.  Food not cooked properly.  Food dropped by wait staff.  Manager bait and switch.  Not fixing the bill.  So bad I considered a dine and dash.  Decided to bitch to corporate and cancel my card transaction instead.  Beware, chains don't give a crap about the customer!  I will remember to spend my money at small private restaurants with good health ratings....By way of follow up.  Corporate did contact me.  Through Yelp only as their complaint section of their website does not work.  Good luck if you have a bad experience there.-------June 17th follow up:  Decided to finally give them a second try.  Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.  The experience may have actually been worse.  Just skip this place and go spend your money at one of the 10 other places nearby.  Big deal they have the hockey game on.  Bet that if you asked the bartender at Gordon Biersch to change the channel the would.  Also, at least they know what is going on over there.
5	Timmermans Framboise, oh my :)It has been, in all honesty, the only raspberry flavored anything I've ever loved! I paired it with some adult mac 'n cheese, which sounds weird, but was crazy right. The mac 'n cheese was delicious with it's mix of cheddar & parmesan, just the right amount of chicken to make it filling & bacon.... it could have done with more bacon, but isn't that true for nearly everything?
5	I have always loved the yardhouse and go a few times a year being so close to my house.  We went in February and had the worst wait ever.  We could only assume that it was because of Valentines weekend.  We waited an hour to get seated and placed our order promptly but our patience wore out when the food was taking OVER and hour to get to our table.  I would have left angry had it not been for management that night.  As soon as I brougth it up to them, they took care of our whole table.  They couldn't apologize enough, and made sure we got a discount on our bill.  Due to this I have to commend them...customer service is big with me.  If there is a problem and they step up to take care of it shows that they care about their customers dining experience.  I know my review is really late but it's better late than never! PS....the food was awesome even though it was late to get to us.
4	I'd have added a fifth star, but Yard House is a little pricey on their beers. $6.25 for a pint of Samuel Adams. But I can't blame them, the place is packed. It was packed every time we went by. Yard House is pretty awesome.  Great beer selection. The food was very good for a "Bar".
5	Great beer, food & atmosphere. We love this place!
3	Service was super slow which would not have been a big deal if the place was packed. It was a slow afternoon here, and I sat out side with a buddy to have a couple drinks and lunch before catching a Cactus League game at Camelback Ranch. The food was awesome I must say. The beverage selection plentiful. They just need to step up the service. I understand waiting on food, but waiting on a drink is a bit frustrating and unacceptable.
4	Going here for happy hour is the best! They have a good menu at that time as well. I have never gone to pay full price though way too much for me. I always go as a group and have never been disappointed in the food, sometimes the service is slow but the food is always great!
5	Came here tonight with my boyfriend without the little one and we had a great time! Our server Jason was very friendly and was a very efficient worker, when we were seated he was at our table within minutes to take our drink orders. The restaurant was of course busy, it being a Friday night, but the staff all worked together very well and you could see they all worked as a team serving their customers. Our food orders were perfect and absolutely no complaints! We look forward to coming back soon and we are definitely happy with the performance of the Yard House team tonight!
4	Pretty flawless experience. Astounding array of beers on tap (although they ran out of the one I wanted initially). Very friendly staff and good food. They accommodated a custom order and it came out right. They threw in an extra half artichoke since one of the halves was smaller. Good prices and atmosphere too - like an upscale sports bar.
4	Always busy but worth the wait, good service, good food and consistent!
2	I went back to the yard house after recieving a gift card from my previous post. Not sure if they knew I was coming but I took the whole family for their happy hour specials. My daughters meal started with dessert first which was a frown since I knew she would not anything else. The fruit bar was great but I wish it would not have came before all the rest of the food. We ordered their massive chicken nachoes which were really dried out-glad they had lots of guacamole to go with it. The onion tower was amazing as always. The sliders were good but the fries were cold. My husband also got the boneless wings which had great flavor but were cold. To top it off I had food stuck to the outside of my glass so that was gross too. I appreciated the gift card because of my comment but I think it would be a bit again before we go back. So werid. Before we only had slow service, this was really werid.
4	Hit the Yard House a bit late on an off Sunday night so was not crowded although there was a short wait for outside seating.  I have been to one or two of these before and like the others, the beer selection is massive.  How they keep all the draft beers fresh is a feat in itself.  The food at this one was very good, I had a light dinner of scallops which were perfectly cooked served with a brown rice salad and some humus.  Different and very good.  The wife had fish & chips which were also excellent.  Not exactly cheap, the above with 2 large beers tax & tip hit $70 but as it turns out in the area the Yard House is one of the best places around.
5	Dueschutes Brewery Mirror Pond Pale Ale, and the jerk wing were good.
4	After enjoying a wonderful birthday dinner in downtown Phoenix decided to stop by the Yardhouse for drinks with my  son and cousin. The server Mel was attentive and very pleasant. I love the mangolicious martini yum!  Atmosphere is always chilled and conducive for drinks and enjoying time with  peeps. Wish I had room to enjoy the grilled wings that are so delish.
5	Dueschutes Brewery Mirror Pond Pale Ale, very good, very cold, jerk chicken wing had great flavour, but the texture was gross, seemed like they were steamed and finished in the pizza oven, it was dark, I couldn't tell if they were raw or not, they made another batch, same as the first. Uneatable
5	YES.Delicious. Amazing service, great food and an overwhelming selection of delicious beer on tap (never something to complain about). Unfortunately, I was just visiting a friend and can't go here on a regular basis but I will be back as soon as I can. We were here in the middle of the afternoon for a late lunch and it wasn't busy at all, but I can imagine the place is just packed during dinner time, or at game time. I ordered the burger with Gorgonzola cheese and was very pleased with it. A little expensive for a burger, but it was delicious. Besides the price, our only complaint was that they didn't give us enough of their delicious french fries!
4	Went here for Happy Hour (3-6pm) which gets you cheaper drinks and some half price appetizers.There were three of us and so we tried the firecracker wings (which I had eaten before and are fantastic); onion ring tower (they honestly were kind of soggy) and the pastrami sliders (they were decent, but the pastrami had no spice/flavor really).The draft selection at this restaurant chain is crazy - always too many to pick from.I would definitely go back to try some more of the appetizers and maybe the other 100+ beers I have yet to try!
3	Extensive beer list to the point that you never know what to order. Also have an extensive menu with lots of variety to choose from.  This place is open late, great place to grab a drink at midnight.
2	My husband and I went to The Yard House yesterday at Westgate. We were trying to catch a movie and should have had ample time to eat and have a beer before (an hour and a half) especially when the restaurant was 3/4 empty in the late afternoon. When we arrived and were seated we noticed that it was quite hot inside. The waiter told us the air-conditioning was on fritz. Really? This is Arizona in the summer. It was literally 120 degrees outside, and they couldn't call the AC repair guy?Our waiter was very friendly and attentive, and honestly the only saving grace of our experience. We ordered our beers (they do have an AWESOME selection) and I ordered a salad, and my husband a sandwich. The beers came quickly, but the food took over an hour. Let me just reiterate that the restaurant was basically empty and we ordered a salad and a sandwich. We ended up missing our movie (by a half hour) and left hot and sweaty. The ambiance would be enjoyable if they fixed their A/C unit. The menu is presented as New American and definitely tries to give an heir of class, but it is really just average diner food. My salad was pre-chopped bagged lettuce with bottled dressing. My husbands sandwich was on sliced white bread. Definitely not great.We certainly won't eat here again, and won't be going back for beers either unless they get their A/C in working order. I just feel bad for those poor servers who were stuck working in long sleeved uniforms in the sweatbox.
2	Congratulations Darden Restaurants !! You took a better quality chain of restaurants like yard house, bought it and destroyed it in less than a year !!!!!!! How does a company do this in such grand style and completeness? You are one of the few who could pull this off flawlessly and the sad part is you do not even realize it.......
4	The best surprise in Phoenix this summer, other than my nice new job, was the discovery of the Yard House's expansive beer selection, delicious food, and friendly service.Last week a bunch of us came here to try it out, mostly because there wasn't anything else around that sounded good. I arrived late and opted for a wheat-and-banana draft beer and chicken strips and fries, a nice staple. The server took my late order in stride and had it out in what seemed like a few minutes. The beer was delightful, the chicken strips flavorful and fresh, the truffle fries crispy and tasty. I walked out for just over $20 very satisfied.Tonight we went back, a smaller group than before. Once again I arrived a little late (do we sense a theme here?) and once again the server made it work and got us all seated and ordering. He made some great menu suggestions for our little group and gave us enough time to decide without wasting time. I landed on a grilled pastrami with pickled jalapenos that had a nice zing to it and sweet potato fries that were as light and crispy as any I've ever had, and moreso than most. The rest of our little band's food looked beautiful and tasted great, from the round of drinks that started us off to the last-minute dessert of creme brulee.One minor disappointment - I suspect that the Yard House would make a fine Reuben sandwich, but not finding one on the menu surprised me. I would have liked to try their take on a Reuben, one of my personal benchmarks for a good bar-and-grill. Sadly, the grilled pastrami is the closest they have to it.Even so, the Yard House's extensive beer selection, unique menu, and reasonable prices make it a place worth visiting more than once. Maybe next time they'll have that Reuben for me.
2	This place is overrated! But its easy for that to happen with such a huge beer selection. The one good thing is that there are more beers than you could ever possibly choose from. However, the service was lacking as well as the food! Overpriced for the quality! Good-luck getting your beer!
2	Great beer selection. Ask the staff about any beer & you'll get an immediate response but the food is very average & over priced.
5	A fantastic establishment with both creative and signature dining experiences.  An excellent drink selection of alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages, and friendly courteous staff.  I can't say enough good things about this establishment.  I have eaten there half a dozen times already and have been more impressed with each meal.
2	Anytime we are in the area, yardhouse is our first choice to eat.On 4/27 I took a friend to lunch and the waitress approached us with her hand on her hip and treated us like were intruding on her. On 7/20, we  went back for lunch and had another waitress that acted in a similar manner. She actually removed my plate while I still had my sandwich in my hand! She obviously was paying no attention to our table. The service continues to get worse with every visit and I am embarrassed to take anyone else to lunch at the Yardhouse.
5	*****BEST HAPPY HOUR IN THE VALLEY******Yes its a chain restaurant but who cares. YH has the best happy hour menu anywhere around, their appetizers are super affordable, you can tell me: "but its $5+ an appetizer due" and i will tell you "their regular prices are $10-$12 dude" they don't skimp on portions, you could have a full meal on their apps. Their sliders are pretty good, but about $8, not a problem for the price, 4 sliders and fries, enough for two. My Favorites: Spicy Tuna Roll(not your sushi cut rolls), and their barnaise sliders. Their drinks: its an infinite list, seems like never ending on how many drinks they have, they have so many beers that you will never finish trying them all. you try their limited seasonal and everytime you come you get the same because your in love with it. Staff: is super friendly and knowledgeable, tell them what you're in the mood for and they will recommend something for you.Hint: you could try up to 3 small samples of beer at no charge!!!*If you have kids dont worry you could bring them. YH is not a bar where people get out of control. *
2	My wife and I have spent many a night at the Yard House in Glendale. Until our last 3 trips there we had nothing but great things to say about the place. Now I'm having to give it 2 stars. Our last 3 trips to this location have just been awful. The first of our awful trips we both got the Surf and Turf burger. I ordered mine medium and she ordered hers medium rare. Both came crispy and far from pink. Needless to say we sent them back. I got mine first somehow and waited for hers to come thinking it would be any second. It wasn't...by the time she got hers mine was cold! Making a long story short I complained to head quarters and we received a gift card to go back and try it again. We did and unfortunately it was the same experience with different food. We went through the whole process yet again and gave it one last try...I'm sorry to say other than going for the beer selection I won't be eating at that location any longer. Something happened there and the food has just gotten terrible. I really hope they fix this because it really was one of our favorite places to go and it is close to home.
4	Another great dining spot in Westgate, perfect for a group with varying tastes.  The Yard House has the best drink selection around, especially if you like beer and a dining selection so wide it has something for everyone.The only drawbacks are is it almost always feels crowded and occasionally with the influx of people the service sometimes slips, and the food and drinks seem a bit overpriced for what you are getting - but otherwise it almost always provides a great dining experience.
5	Have a beer, then have another. I love this place and their selection of beers, and they normally have limited drafts, so be sure to have a designated driver. I always end up tipsy. Best place for a drink before a Coyotes game.
4	Staying at the Renaissance next door on a business trip, our group decided to have dinner here one night.  They took our reservation for 8 less than an hour ahead of time and we were seated as soon as we arrived.  The bar itself offered quite a bit of seating and looked full, and the dining area was pretty well packed also.  We were seated at an awkwardly deep U-shaped booth... the people seated at the inside had to scoot a good 15 feet to their seat.As many have already said, the beer selection is great.  They also have samplers if you don't know exactly what you want and you can try most of their draft offerings in glasses of varying sizes depending on whether you're just trying something new or you know what you like and want a lot of it.The food selection is pretty large and the menu takes a while to get through, as a result you know a good portion of it is premade, pre-packaged.  However, it still tastes pretty damn good.  I tried some of the spicy tuna and moo shu egg roll appetizers.  For my main course I had the orange peel chicken.  I enjoyed everything I tried.  The prices weren't unusual for a mid-scale restaurant in an outdoor mall-type setting.  Dessert was a taste of their mini-trio sampler... a small lemon souffle, peach apple cobbler, and chocolate souffle.   Each excellent.Service was a bit off, the waiter came across as somewhat arrogant or haughty, not really personable.  They didn't check back very often to ensure drinks were refilled promptly.  But over all, it was only a minor detraction from an otherwise above average dining experience.Definitely worth a visit, and will be happy to try again next time I'm in town.
4	Surprisingly good, Went with my bro up here since he was dying to go to Westgate (not a fan of it) but all in all it was a good place for drinks and a turkey burger that happened to be delicious. Did I mention we sat next to Sir Charles Barkley.
1	So here is the reason I'm posting my first Yelp review ever....As a regular user of Yelp and a restaurant owner myself(East Valley), I thought today's experience was a good qualifier for what it was intended for, to let people know what they should know before they spend their money. First I want to make it clear that my wife and I frequent both locations in Desert Ridge and Scotts Fashion Mall and even on occasion, Newport Beach and want it to be known that we consider Yard House one of our favorite restaurants to sit down and have a beer and one of the only places we know of that serves consistently great food. Today we went to Westgate for lunch to meet some friends and family that live in the area and to watch the Cardinal game. We decided to go early and catch the end of a couple games before the Cardinals started and we ended up having our usual bites and a few beers. We sat between two tv's on the west side of the bar so that we could see more games and also figured that the Cardinals would end up on atleast one.  With 3-4 seats open on both sides of us and basically only crickets chirping, the tv's kept changing with games late in the 4th with only minutes left. My wife and I were in total disbelief and figured that someones toddler must have gotten ahold of the remote. Anyway, FFWD, our entree shows and the Cardinal game comes on the tv to our right and the 49's game to our left..life is good...beer is good...food is normally good (not today).... and then all of a sudden the toddler from hell turns both tv's to the 49's game. I looked at the bar tender and raised my arms and without a word he turns around and goes and gets the manager. The manager comes and says that he can't please everyone and that if we would like to move he would accommodate. I said we are in WESTGATE for f*** sake and I cant believe you don't have the game on for patrons that have been waiting on atleast one of the tv's.  Again in disbelief, I looked around me at the people wearing Cardinal garb who are now moving somewhere else to find a tv with the Cardinal game on...Krazy! From where we were sitting we could see 6 tv's and only 2 of them had the Cardinal game on and the rest were all 49's. The only 2 were clear across the dining area. So my take on the Yard House @ Westgate is it caters to all the fair-weather transplant fans of Arizona that would rather see the Dodgers, Lakers, Raiders and apparently, even the 49's. FFwd again...grabbed our check contacted our friends and we all met at Gordon B., where they appreciate the local sports and what Westgate stands for.... To be fair, the 1-star is for the trigger happy toddler who comp'd our drinks after dismissing our significance at the bar....Their are plenty of choices in this area, follow the crowds and not the crickets if you want to watch the local sports!
4	Nice late night happy hour.I had a Margherita pizza and a beer for $11 during their happy hour.  They have an early one during normal times and another that starts at 10pm, Sunday through Thursday.  The pizza was excellent in both size and flavor.I went back the next night as well and ordered their spicy tuna roll based on a customer recommendation from the previous night.  It too was outstanding.  Served with edamame, cucumber, and seaweed in the bottom layer, seared and raw tuna in the middle layer, and avocado on the top layer.  Sprinkled with some hot sauce, it was filling, light, and nutritious.  The price was around $12 though it is 1/2 price if you get it during happy hour!
4	The place is clean, and well run, and the food is pretty good.  We happened to eat here during a happy hour special and everything we ordered (appetizers and entrees) were all half price.A nice variety of food at a resonible price.
5	The bestie and I had dinner a Thursday night dinner here.  Seriously, yard house never disappoints!We were seated in a large booth off to the right side of the bar.  It was nice because we were not super close to other tables so we were able to get some girl talk easily.  I had the Papago orange blossom, my absolute favorite local micro brew that barely anyone has.  She had a blue moon- they asked if she prefers an orange.We started with the hummus which was basic. Our really nice server, George brought us seconds on the baked pita.  My friend had the Greek salad which was yummy.  I enjoyed my petite (5oz) filet very much, which they successfully cooked medium.  It came with grilled brocolini, zucchini and red bell pepper.  As an accompaniment there was a yummy onion jam.  On the menu it said the petite fillet was under 600 cals.  This is good since we had beer too- you can actually eat what you want and stay on track with your healthy lifestyle!Overall I already expect yard house to be good.  After visiting several locations over the last couple years, I'm happy to say they were able to exceed even my high expectations.
5	I was helped by Erik who was a super cool guy. He was awesome in recommending items and a complete beer expert. It was both an awesome atmosphere and also a learning experience! Food is great!!
5	Oh yea, celebrated a few anniversaries and birthdays at this place. Good times, good food and great memories!
2	I have been a regular at this Yard House for years but today service we horrible & they weren't even busy.  We waited at least 15 minutes before ANY waiter/waitress came over and that was because we alerted the hostess that we had been sitting there waiting to be greeted.  Then my friend ordered a coke and got a diet coke.  Then my food (mushu pork egg rolls) were cold when they finally arrived.  The waitress failed refill our drinks until we sat there with empty cups for quite some time.  Very disappointed.
4	Was shopping nearby and did a quick 'restaurants nearby'....bam! I'm going.I had a super tasty NY steak sandwich.Staff was really friendly, place was clean with TVs for almost every viewing angle.Music was good if not a tad loud. Awesome beer selection. I would not hesitate to return....actually, I wish I lived closer.
5	Mel was our waitress for our first of what we hope to be many visits here.  She was awesome!  Helped us make some great choices from the plethora of options we were offered.  The staff was outstanding and everything came out super fast even though it was quite busy tonight.  We got Mac-n-cheese, Fried Chicken and the Enchilada Stack and we were amazed at how good everything tasted.  I can't wait to come back!!
5	My friend and I sat down at the only 2 open seats at the bar 2 hours before Coyotes opening night and the place was packed. As someone who works in the industry myself, I felt necessary to point out how AWESOME all the bartenders were Thursday night in giving great service, dealing with a mad rush, and not compromising anything in the guest experience. Travis dealt with us the most, and he kicked ass and did a great job. Just thought the entire bar staff should be recognized for a job well done Thursday! I will be back for sure.
5	I love Yard House. I would never imagine a place like this having many vegetarian options, but they have an entire vegetarian section on the menu, and it is all fantastic. My boyfriend and I usually sit outside and we love it. The hummus with baked pita is amazing and I love all of the Gardein wings. The onion rings are really good too. Also, the Greek salad is probably my favourite Greek salad ever. This place is awesome (I think I might even like this location better than the one in Illinois).
5	Service here was awesome. Friendly welcome and happy workers. Sat at the bar and Bartender Dani made the stay fun. That we didn't even realize we stayed until happy hr. Recommend her highly. And the food was really well made and came out in a timely matter.
4	We ate here last night before the hockey game. It was very good as usual if you can stand the wait. I had the pepper crusted Gorgonzola burger, my hubby had the mac & cheese, which he said is the best in town!I keep track of everything I eat so I really splurged on this 1500 cal burger and also at $13 it is pretty expensive for a burger, but man is this thing good!The only reason I'm not giving this place five stars is because we had to wait for a table which is not unusual Westgate but also because we didn't see our server for the first 15 minutes that we sat down. Once we did get her attention she was very quick, got us to hockey game on time and did everything else very well. If you're in Westgate, it's not too crowded and you have a few extra bucks, I recommend this Yardhouse.
3	Go for Happy Hour or when a Canadian or Chicago hockey team is in town. Do not expect great service, as they seem to have either high turnover, or are just lacking in hiring those with a sense of urgency and/or awareness. The prime reason I make Yard House a priority on happy hour outings are the Lettuce Wraps ($6-ish from 3-6pm). Overall it's a middling place in a competitive area for restaurants so I usually do the big meals elsewhere.
4	My debut visit here recently while int he Phoenix area visiting family. Huge menu, over 100 world ales on tap. Great service, great aesthetics. Friendly and fast service. And most importantly delicious food, at a moderate price. I enjoyed a dish of fresh shrimp with the Belgian ale 6 shot sampler. I was in Heaven! My pallet was too! Just another fun feature of the very cool West Gate entertainment complex. I highly recommend this place when visiting there.
5	My favorite restraunt bar none. Every time I come here I get the same GREAT service, the same GREAT food, and the same GREAT beer and cocktails. I don't eat meat and they have a whole section of their menu that caters to that. They also remember me when I come in and treat me well. Everyone always brings up the price point (which isn't bad at all when you look at it) but when it comes to great food, beer, and service, wouldn't you pay top dollar for that? We are talking $10-15 plates, and $5 craft beer.. That sounds normal to me? Either way I have been here more times than I can count and it's better every time I come. Yard house is simply the best.
3	A bit of a letdown really. I love the whole brew pub type concept (this isn't a brew pub, but they have an extensive menu and a ton of beers on tap), but I am not a big fan of chains. In this case, we had tickets to a comedy show near here, and were in the mood for a pint and some sort of fall food. In researching, we found that they had a bunch of stouts/porters, and had a grilled cheese/tomato soup on the menu. Done!We anticipated a wait for a table, but when we got there, we had to wait a good 5 minutes to get our name in. In hindsight, I should have just gotten my phone out and called from right in front of the desk. Two of the girls at the desk spent the entire time dealing with another customer and ignoring us. Another lady tried to cut in front so I piped up, and finally got acknowledged. The wait for a table was only maybe 10-15 minutes which was reasonable. Once seated, it did take a little while to be acknowledged by the server, and it did take an abnormally long time to actually get the beer I ordered. We ordered the sweet potato fries for a starter, which never came because the server admitted that she never rang it in.  Same with the French onion soup that my old lady ordered with her meal. This seemed quite odd because we ordered everything at the same time.  We decided to skip the fries by that point since we already had our meals, but my girlfriend's street taco plate was pretty sparse so she wanted her soup. The soup did come quickly. Her food was good, but again there was very little for what we paid. My grilled cheese and tomato soup was very good.So I am not entirely sure we will be back. The food was good but pricey and the service was spotty. I should mention that this was on a night where there was no hockey game, so the apparent understaffing of the servers is disappointing. I almost forgot to mention. Their beer menu online is much more extensive that at the actual restaurant. They list about 25-30 "darks" (meaning porters and stouts) online, but had about 10 at the restaurant. I was torn between a few options and thankfully they let me sample 2 beers before deciding. I really wish I could have customized my own flight they way they do at Des Schuttes in Portland or Uncle Bear's in ahwatukee. But the only flights you can do are already pre packaged for you.  Oh well.  With a big selection, I would have loved to do a taste test of my own.
4	The food and service here was great. We ate as a group of 8 and happily paid 18% gratuity each time. Great beer selection.
5	Garlic noodles are delicious !!! I love coming here for happy hour :) lots of draft options - fun !!
4	Fun place to sit and have a few beers before the games at Jobing arena.  The people watching from the patio area is pretty darn great.  Wide selection of beers and appetizers.  Pretty good selection of happy hour items.  The service can be a little hit or miss, but generally pretty good.
5	Great service and all the food was perfect.   Ordered the Ahi Crunchy Salad and it was amazing. Will come here again anytime I am in the area. I saw the Mac and Cheese2 and it looked great.
3	I met up with some coworkers on Saturday before the Coyotes game for drinks and dinner here. My drink of choice was the Raspberry Cider, and for my meal I decided on the Spicy Chicken Breast sandwich with fries. The sandwich was a nice thought but it had some flaws - the flat bread was good, but too thick/fluffy to handle all of the insides. Also, the seasoning on the chicken was more salty than spicy. Either way I was starving so I sucked it up and ate most of it. The service was good and they have heaters on the patio which was nice.
5	I love this place. I really do. Everyone there is great - there was an occasion I took my mother there back in 2009 that wasn't so pleasant and slightly embarrassing due to the poor service- I boycotted them for a while... But, after some time away, I don't know if they've had a management change since then or what, but the customer service is amazing. The atmosphere is great. It is literally my most favorite place to go, eat, drink, people watch, have great service!  It has it all really.... it is slightly expensive, but I don't care. I am more than willing and eager to pay for the great experience I get there. I recently got a new job and after my friend just kind of blurted it out to the waitress she congratulated me and I thought that was that, but no it wasn't. She came out with a plate that said congrats in cocoa and a little brownie a la-mode.  It was so sweet! The waitress was great! I wish I remembered what her name was... sigh. I'm sorry wonderful waitress. Anyways, this place is always a place I go to whenever I get the chance!
2	Horrible service, waitress forget our order after we waited for about 35 minutes. Dont go there. spend your money somewhere else!
3	Forgot how affordable and how much I love this place.  Happy hour prices you can't beat
5	This spot is great for a pregame or for hangout love love Miami ice martini and for food fried calamari and you have to try TUNA ROLL is a different style roll but is delicious. Everything is fresh good and service is on point.
4	I was hesitant at first because it looks like a typical chain style "tap room" sports bar place, but...Very Cool place to hang before the game when you are from out of town. Server was awesome, beer was a bit slow to arrive but the server kept us informed...It was SUPER busy...I had a Cuban pork dip sandwich.....IT WAS excellent!Don't hesitate...Go in!
4	Awesome selection of beer.  I usually like to try a sampler.  Half-priced appetizers during happy hour rock!  Food is good though sometimes the sushi isn't so good.  The clientele here seems to be 30ish and above.
4	Not sure how I didn't have a review up already...this Yard House was my very first bar when I turned 21!Totally worth it. First of all, the beer selection is MASSIVE. You will find something you undoubtedly like. Ditch the domestics and shoot for a rare brew you're not gonna find anywhere else on tap. This is absolutely the most extensive draught selection in the West Valley, with everything from the sharp Green Flash IPA to the sweet Blanche de Bruxelles. Need some food to soak that up? Don't worry, the menu has got ya covered. Especially during happy hour. This place has one of the best app menus you'll find. The wings have just the right amount of heat. The pizzas are a steal--I recommend the Thai BBQ Chicken. For my vegetarians in the house, there are some options for you, too, whether it's mock-meat or straight up mushrooms and veggies. A small criticism I have would be the entrees, which never quite seem to hit the spot. Like the seemingly unseasoned burgers. I can't really endorse the several choices I've made outside of the app menu (well, besides their famous mac 'n' cheese). This place masters bar food, but can't seem to tackle the sit-down restaurant realm. Overall, I'd recommend this place for a date, or to chill out with some beer snobs and have a quick nosh. Patio seating is a blast!
3	I returned to Yard House at their invitation. The service was good. The food was tasty. The food temperature was still an issue but improved over our last visit. We will return for drinks and apps at the bar.
5	I had dinner here (on Wednesday 1/22/14) with a corporate work group of 25-30 and enjoyed our evening so much that I had to write up a review! I initially worked with an MOD named Udo who was super helpful when I swung in the evening before to ask if he could accommodate our group on such short notice. Fortunately enough, he was familiar with the company I was with and gladly showed us the tables that they normally give us when a large group dines together. The tables were all separated (but were next to each other), which ended up being ideal when we all got to know each other in smaller groups. Having worked in the industry for many years throughout college, I can't express how blessed we were to have received Chelsea as our server. Being the only individual in the group from Arizona, it was important to me that I show my new team the better spots around town and Chelsea totally owned the entire evening. She was friendly and had excellent menu knowledge for both food and drink and impressed the biggest of beers snobs in our group with the Four Peaks Odelay (great recommendation!) During the evening, Chelsea was always around to check on us even though we weren't her only tables and I was most impressed at how quickly she had all of our separate checks ready when the evening came to an end (corporate request for individual expense reports...annoying I know!). Chelsea made our evening flawless and my teammates absolutely loved the dinner selection! Having been so impressed, we all agreed that we would be back in a few months and YardHouse was where we will return! Having dined at another restaurant the evening before, it was a total 180-degree difference in the service and gratitude from the competing restaurant. I'm sure this location stays incredibly busy at the base of the stadiums but Chelsea single-handedly made 25 repeat customers that were eager to share their experiences the next day in our job-training! I'd be remised if I didn't also mention the MOD the evening we dined in. I'm spacing on his name but he was a young brunette guy who checked on us repeatedly and ensured our evening went as perfectly as possible! Thanks to both of these individuals and if this makes it to corporate, I hope some compensation is sent their way! Thank you!
2	This is my second time here and again I am not impressed. Maybe I'm not ordering the right things??? My first time I ordered the chicken lettuce wraps, I think my problem was I was expecting it to taste like pei wei lettuce wraps. They were ok but pei weis are better. This time I got the beranise burger, thank goodness they put the sauce on the side because I was not a fan. The sauce was cold and was lacking flavor. The burger was good but not impressive. The highlight of the meal was the shoe string French fries. I ended dinner with the creme brulee, I loved that they put bananas on the top but then I was disappointed with the chocolate chunks on the bottom, it just threw off the flavor and texture. I don't know if I will be back. I love the idea of the meals on the menu, they are just not executed out well.
3	I went there for dinner one night with friends and ordered the mac and cheese dish with chicken and bacon in it. It came out very dry and I did not enjoy. I am sure that my experience was not a common one as the place was packed so I will give this place a pass and give it a 3.
4	I have eaten here a lot and have loved everything I have tried. A couple of nights ago we went and got a couple of appetizers. The chicken flatbread, asada tacos and grilled artichoke. I also tried the gin and ginger cocktail which was beyond amazing! My husband ordered the tacos for himself but my couple of bites made me jealous that I didn't order them too. They have great pizzas and burgers. I am slowly making my way through the menu and have yet to be disappointed!
4	Love this place. Every single time we've gone the food and service are excellent. Ended up there during weekday happy hour (4-6) and decided to order 1/2 price appetizers--OMG. The portions were huge and the food was dynamite. The Garlic noodles and egg rolls are the best! Only small disappointment--the BBQ pizza was just okay. Also had chicken soup, crab cakes and chicken lettuce wraps on the table-all were reported as delicious.
4	I do commend them on their fantastic selection of brews, but their food is 3.5 star at best. I once had to return a vanilla ice cream because it was so tasteless it felt like I was eating ice.They do get some credit for having a very nice, upscale, and trendy location with great service in a top part of town. I feel with a reinvention of their menu options, this place could be a hit in Glendale.
4	I enjoy this place when I do go, but today wasn't one of those days. I was disappointed in the food. I got the Cesar salad and it just wasn't good, had a little bit of dressing, I also got the pepper jack hamburger and I ordered it medium well and it came with burnt ends. I ate half of it. Fries as always are good, and as an appetizer we got the lobster, artichoke dip! That was Perfect!!!! Today was just an off day! Every other time I've went it's been great!
5	Nothing but awesomeness going on here.  The bartenders are TOP NOTCH and no attitudes to deal with.  David is #1 and the Manager Joe always is welcoming.  Give these guys a bonus.  Food is excellent but could be a little pricey.  I guess it's worth a few extras bucks when the customer service rocks - oh and so does the music.  Papago Orange Blossom ON TAP - Oh yeah!  Going back.
3	WHAT? I can't hear you!Grace? Died 30 years ago!Good luck conversing.I don't review many chains, but I am going to take a stab on this one.  Been meaning to check out a Yard House ever since Josh A's glowing endorsement on the Talk boards awhile back.  102 tap beers sounded right up my alley.  Didn't think I had ever been to one before, but it was pointed out to me that I was at one in San Diego in the Gaslamp Quarter a couple years ago.  Remember really having liked it.  Probably would have gone 4 or 5.  Low 3 on today's visit.The music was blaring loud this evening.  I'm sorry, but Matchbox 20 was not meant to be played that loud.  They are not even that good as background music.  I thought the waitress was going to kiss my mother on the lips as she was leaning in so close to hear the order.  Do they really think people like the music that loud?  Most of the customers were either parents with kids or gray-haired snowbirds.  No one was rocking out to it. Had two Uinta Hop Notch's which I have never seen anywhere else before.  Quite tasty.  The menu is very extensive both on beer and food.  Got the Mediterranean flatbread as an appetizer.  It was not good.  No sauce whatsoever, just toppings on crust.  Would have also been much better if the tomatoes were sun dried.  Would not get it again.The blackened swordfish tacos were pretty good.  Little light on the fish, but excellent flavor with a healthy dose of guacamole.  I would definitely get these again.  Also had a couple bites of the Vodka Shrimp Pasta.  Think I will get that the next time I go when they open at West End in St. Louis Park.  Hopefully, they will use the volume dial on the music more prudently.
2	Two stars for me.  Stopped by for lunch and had a single baja fish taco and the pepper jack burger.  The tortilla for the taco was too thick and there was a single small dollop of guacamole in the middle.  The burger was smallish and no better than what I've had at a Ruby Tuesday's or Applebee's.  Bun seemed a bit stale.  Was expecting better based on the reviews.  Fries were the shoestring type and I've never been a fan (can't recall if the menu stated they were or not).  May give it another shot for dinner and see if it turns out better but lunch was pretty disappointing.  Should have gone to In n Out Burger.  Will say it is in a nice location.  Beer selection is good.  Much better than you'll find in most chains.
1	I really debated on writing this since I love the one in San Diego (plus a family friend has a large stake in that one), but after the crazy amount of stuff that happened, I have to.To begin, my wife and I ordered a half yard because my wife has never been here and I wanted her to experience a staple of why people come here. She wanted a sample of the Four Peaks Peach before ordering a full half yard and spending $16 bucks on it (shes not a beer drinker).......guess what? The whole half yard came out instead (The waitress acknowledged this but did not do anything about it). So, my wife was stuck with it.Next, while we were waiting for our food (over an hour just to let you know), my wife took our 4 month old for a walk outside. When she returned, a passing waitress dropped a glass on wife wifes foot (open toed shoes) and right next to our baby, which shattered everywhere. It was cleaned up quickly but under our table was missed (thankfully a nice bystander customer alerted us to all the glass that was there). A manager never came by once to see if everything was okay (a 4-month old and my wifes foot, and you don't care?)Food finally arrives and is decent for the most part except for my kids fish sticks. They were cold and tasted horrible. Instead of being white flaky fish inside, it was riddled with black all over (what was this lol, nasty).Be ready to wait 20-30 minutes in between each time the server stops by.My wife asked to speak with a manager on the way out...........10 minutes later no one showed. We walked. Ruined the chances of me ever coming back to this Yard House (San Diego is safe!).My advice, go somewhere that customers are appreciated and your concerns are taken seriously.
5	Awesome staff. Very friendly and welcoming. Great food, great service. Will likely make this my Spring Training place to eat on a regular basis.
2	Came here yesterday and didn't have a great experience like I've had at many other Yard House Restaurants before.  We were able to be seated right away +1 star.   Our waiter came over and we placed our order. Lunch special with pizza and tomato basil soup, kids meal with pizza and veggies and ahi appetizer which  was being eaten for lunch and not appetizer.  My cousin also ordered a beer, which took forever to come out.  The waiter finally came over after about 10 minutes and said they had to replace the keg.  Beer finally came, next we waited for our food... And waited, and waited and waited!  Thank goodness I had snacks in my bag for my 3 year old to settle him while we waited.  When the food did arrive, the cheese on the pizza looked old and dry, as if it had been sitting under the heat lamp for quite awhile.  We only had a few bites and moved on to the soup, which my 3 year old and I basically split because it was delicious +1 star!Threw the leftover pizza away since it was gross.
4	This is my favorite restaurant at Westgate and it makes me reluctant to try other places--the food is good and reliable (I just know never to come here before a Coyotes game because of the crowds). My son is autistic and an extremely picky eater; he'll only eat tortilla chips in restaurants. Yard House offers good chips and is always willing to serve the toppings on the side. That's greatly appreciated.I love their ahi crunchy salad and I've had several of their flatbreads, too. I like that they have the nutrition information online. It makes it easy for me to choose foods that are healthy and yet still an indulgence!I recently took my parents and brother here while they were on a visit.  My brother raved about the (Mac + Cheese)2, and he's pretty difficult to please with food. My Mom enjoyed her roasted turkey cobb salad. My dad had a cheeseburger and liked it, though the fries were thin for his preference. Can't please everyone!When my husband is able to come along, he loves Yard House for their beer selection, too. I've had cocktails here in the past and enjoyed them.
5	Great food! The atmosphere is awesome!Me and my gf had the lobster,crab,artichoke dip and it was on point! We also like the classic sliders! Cook medium rare so they're juicy.! And of course u can't forget about the variety of beers they have on craft! I recommend it if ur down in Glendale area! West gate is a great little oasis of entertainment here In the canyon state!
5	I just absolutely love yard house , I've never had a problem with anything ever , service is always on point and food is always awesome . I always end up getting the Carnitas tacos plate .
4	I've been here 100s of times and consider it one of my favorite restaurants.  I came here last Saturday after attending a friends wedding.  They have a ton of great beers on tap and a wide variety of foods.  This time I got the chicken nachos which are great and more than enough for two people to share.  I also ordered a moose drool brown ale but the server accidentally brought out some porter.  I was disappointed the server didn't do more (other than apologize) to make the situation right but the porter was actually pretty good so I can't complain too much.Their BBQ burger is one of the best burgers you will ever have and I highly recommend it as well.  The only thing I've ever had at yard house that I didn't like was the macaroni and cheese which is crazy because I love mac and cheese.  If you are looking for a semi-casual place that has great food and beers, you can't beat yard house.  Just pay attention to prices because you can rack up a huge bill if you aren't careful.
4	Whether in SoCal or Arizona, The Yard house  is never a let down! Plenty of beers on tap, including local AZ beers. Lots of people and good appetizers. After a few letdowns in the area with bars, this was the most fun of them all that night! Definitely will be back when I'm in the area.
5	So I LOVE Beer! But this place (which I've never been to) is now the Mecca for beer. Not only is their beer menu 5 pages long it's categorized by: Type, size and ABV I tend to err on the side of super dark stouts and IPA's so tonight I had the Dogfish 60min IPA and Odell Mercenary IPA. Both were amazing! The Odell was strong, like an IPA should be - granted it was surprisingly light in color but definitely my favorite at 9% ABV I paired it with the BBQ Cheddar Burger which was cooked to perfection (Medium-Well.) It came with a garlic aolie spread and rum BBQ sauce, which was tangy and sweet. My wife had the lobster and shrimp pasta which was equally as good! From now on if I'm ever in a town that has a Yardhouse, I will be giving them my business-no questions asked!
5	So the last time I went it was an off night. After Sharing my experience on YELP I was contacted by Yard House, they apologized for the off night and wanted to make it up to us. They offered a gift card! The boyfriend and I went to dinner last night with family and friends. My family got the chicken nachos and they loved it!!! There was nothing on the plate left. Two other friend got the chicken wrap and those were soooo good, they came with 3 different sauces and the lettuce was nice green and crisp! We got the chips and salsa and the salsa was like a limony pico de gallo! LOVED IT! Next time I have a gathering I will probably just buy it from there. Saves me chopping and mixing time. Our waiter was great, he spoke loudly and clearly and was right there when we needed him! When we paid we had I believe the manager come up and ask what happened before and how today was! Thank you Yard house you are great! I voiced my concerns and you heard me! Great customer service!!!
5	Let me start by saying I'm a tough critic. Rarely do I give a 5 star rank. This restaurant totally deserves all five stars. From the atmosphere, to the well-trained employees, to the great selection of food, and although I'm not a drinker the amazing variety of spirits.If you're in the area, I strongly recommend that you give this restaurant top priority on any informal gathering. The music is lightly there are TVs with Sports playing throughout the entire restaurant. The number of positive reviews on this site is what led me there, take your time and read a few of these and you'll be hooked.
3	My wife loved the Mac and cheese but my chicken rice bowl was bland. Unquestionably awesome beer list. Great outdoor dining spot but our diner was rushed. Entrees arrived 2 minutes after salads which arrived 2 minutes after appetizer. Incompetence or trying to turn the table?
4	Dropped in for dinner w/a coworker the other night and had a good experience. It was my 2nd time at a Yard House but first time at this location. Beer selection was as good as I'd remembered, and I like the diff size offerings, as well as the couple samplers available. Food menu is definitely expansive and it took a while to decide on what I wanted. Had an asada taco and blackened swordfish taco. Both tasted good and my only complaint was that the chilled edamame was somewhat lackluster, both in terms of taste and portion. Friendly service, even if beer orders did take a while at times (maybe it's bc we were on the patio?). Overall a good time and I'd certainly go back.
4	Great food! The atmosphere is awesome!Me and my gf had the lobster,crab,artichoke dip and it was on point! We also like the classic sliders! Cook medium rare so they're juicy.! And of course u can't forget about the variety of beers they have on craft! I recommend it if ur down in Glendale area! West gate is a great little oasis of entertainment here In the canyon state!
5	The food & beers are great! :-) Great happy hour as well! Awesome place to hangout with friends or habe a romantic dinner.
4	Great beer selection. 5 stars for the beer selection alone. The cheer teams and their pounds of makeup and lame shenanigans drop it to a 4 star rating for the day. I'd still come back in a heartbeat
2	So we popped back into the Yard House after the Mexico/USA soccer match. Guess what?  My husband's food was stone cold, AGAIN. If you cannot produce a fish taco at an appropriate temperature, stop serving them. I am so done with this place. Of course the waitress took the plate and commented on the "stone cold" nature of the dish, but by the time a new one came, everyone was finished with their meal.  Also, the dish of beans served with the fish taco was about 10 beans in a cup of liquid. Someone does not care what they serve and no manager is catching on and fixing this stuff before the food hits the table.  At this point, I have to assume that this is not going to change. I am not returning here.
5	This place is amazing - so much so that I had dinner there 2 nites in a row. that's a first for this Yelper.  the food's fresh and  well-prepared. They have a huge menu, as well as having more beers than I could consume in a lifetime. Altogether this is a must visit in Arizona!
5	Of course we enjoyed our dinner tonight! Got the chicken lettuce wraps, and the Hawaiian burger!! Grabbed some shock tops too! We sat at the bar and the bartenders were great! Service was perfect up there.
4	I LOVE going here for the happy hour specials!! It's such a great price point and the service is great!
4	Really not too shabby for a chain restaurant, especially at Westgate!Probably more of a 3.5, but you've got to hand it to them for the gardein selections on their menu. Awesome. The patio is really nice, weather permitting. Came back to this location with friends who were visiting family on the west side, and we were promptly seated on a Saturday around 5pm. They ordered calamari/salad and I got the gardein orange 'chicken' bowl. Very flavorful and filling, huge portion. Friends enjoyed their food as well. Kind of thought it was funny that they kept trying to upsell the 6-months pregnant lady on some alcoholic beverages, but bless their little hearts for trying. Definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.
2	We picked this place based upon the rating. Let me first say that the service was excellent. We had a great waiter and always had a full drink. There was three of us dining for lunch and my husband and I ordered the grilled chicken avocado sandwich. The third person order the cheeseburger. My rating is based on the time it took for our food to come out and the ratio of food to the price. The piece of chicken on the sandwich had to be about three ounces max for a $14 sandwich. It was good but I wouldn't order it again. The burger seemed to be the best value since it looked to be about 5-6 ounces of meat. In the future I might just visit for beers.
4	What a cool spot to hit up before/after a game. There's a lot of outdoor seating right along the main walkways of the area too.Service and food was great, nothing more or less than expected at a yard house.I liked that a bunch of other bars and restaurants were right near this place too. Real cool atmosphere all around. TRY TO GET THERE FOR HAPPY HOUR SPECIALS
3	Egg rolls were amazing.  I especially loved the sauce it came with.Came here because people swear up and down that their mac n cheese is the best.Well, not in my opinion. I ended up taking it to go and never even finished it.
4	Hit this place before a concert at jobing.com arena & am so glad we did.  It's way better than your typical chain.  Menu is huge....if you can't find something you like here, you've got a problem!  We went for lunch & had the noodle appetizer, sweet potato fries, a small salad and a burger.  All were very good.  Then we went back for happy hour & had a couple of drinks & nachos, which were great.  I tend to avoid chains like the plague, but I would go back to this place in a heartbeat.
4	Best customer service ever.Our food wasn't what we expected so we sent it back and the manager was nice enough to let us order an appetizer.  They comped our food and we just had t pay for the 2 drinks we ordered.By the way, the new order they brought out to us was perfect! The server was such a sweetheart.I'll be back :)
4	We always love the Yard House.  They have a great beer selection and great food.  One of m favorites is the surf and turf burger - lobster on top of a burger.  You can't go wrong!
4	We decided to try this place based on the recommendation of a friend as we were in town on business.Location & Aesthetics - Located in Glendale off the 101 highway on W. Coyote Blvd.  The restaurant is nestled among other restaurants and there's plenty of signs for it.  You can dine inside or outside if you desire.  If dining outside, there's mister's when it's hot outside.  There's lots of parking but it's not close to the restaurant.  There's small streets between the various restaurants and whatever parking spots they have usually full up quickly. The restaurant is large and immediately when entering, you're not only greeted by staff but in front of you are large screened TV's and a huge center bar with plenty of lights.The place can get a bit noisy as we found it but it wasn't bad that we couldn't hear each other.Menu - Their menu is large and can be intimidating as the first couple pages is reserved for their large variety of beer.  Seeing as we were new in town, we just wanted to try a softer drink and had to ask the waiter where those can be found on the menu.  The rest of the menu is straightforward and clear.  Service - The staff was very friendly!Food - I ordered the ribeye steak with mashed potatoes and green beans.  The beans tasted as they were just picked and they were verdantly green and crunchy and lighted buttered.  The mashed potatoes was equally tasty and delicious.  The ribeye was done just the way I asked and was soft, tender, well seasoned, and juicy.  I did however find that the food portions were on the small side (-1)Rating - 4/5.  Definitely will worth coming back for the ambiance, atmosphere, their large variety of beer, and to try other items on the menu!
3	I came here with my family and had a delicious grilled cheese!
5	I am what one might call a regular to this place. I love all the bartenders and staff. They are so funny and cool, professionalism is never an issue and I love that. I can honestly say the staff here is top notch along with the service. Oh yeah! You can order or substitute Gardein in everything! Try gardein nachos and/or gardein lettuce wraps! You will love it :)
4	I stopped in after work on a Monday. They have good Happy Hour prices. The bar area was well staffed. I'm not a beer drinker, but I noticed that they have over sixty beers on tap... from where I was sitting. The food was great (and reasonable) and the drinks were strong! Mixed crowd of younger and older people. Ok atmosphere
4	Came in for dinner and had a less than thrilling experience. This was the first time I had been to this location (usually go to the Illinois location which is awesome). Noticed it was not busy as the other restaurants in the area and definitely not like the Yardhouse I'm used to which always has a wait. The food was pretty bad. I ordered lettuce wraps (I get every time) which weren't very appetizing, and the lettuce was old and brown. My mom ordered a turkey burger which we specified to the server she wanted it cooked very well (as turkey burgers should always be fully cooked thru). The burger came out still pink in the middle. She asked to just get the regular avocado swiss burger. The wait was very long for the new burger and it came without avocado and swiss. My salad was also pretty disappointing. Our server Adam was nice and attentive and the only reason I give this high of a rating is for the manager Melissa. I have been in the restaurant industry many years and she was very nice and handled the situation in the correct manner. Would probably not go back for the food but maybe just for drinks as they have many of my favorite ciders.
5	Love the desserts and the ice teas!!!! Servers are always nice, some times a little to formal and a little uncomfortable for my taste. Ive dined here several times and had various entree items all very good!
4	Anothee great visit!  Sat at bar...ordered apps + sandwiches, cocktails + beer.  Not one complaint.   Dont recall last  time I had any issues here...if at all.
5	Food is good, you get your food fast also. Great environment. Also many beers to choose from.
4	Food was very good although the wait time to be seated was long. I would say it was worth the wait
4	Beer selection is simply unmatched in the valley, main reason I go there.  Food is a hit and miss, depends on your waiter and the kitchen on any given day.
4	Best value is Happy Hour. Not your regular, boring, typical bar food. Good selections to make everyone happy. Lots of tvs but don't ever expect the sound to be on, even if the home team is playing. Music is "oldies rock". Good selection but very loud.
4	Great meal and good environment. One of my favorite places at WestGate. Great knowledgable staff.
5	I feel like every time I go here it gets a little more fancy. The prices are a little above average, but the quality is there to warrant it. I had fantastic service and was really impressed. For some reason one of the guys at my table was giving our server a hard time about splitting our bill but she took it in stride and was more  then accommodating to his needs.  The bacon burger seemed small when it came out but by the time I was finished, I was satisfied. The main attraction for this place are the beers. They have a HUGE selection of beers and the vast majority of them are on draft. For me this is awesome for two reasons; 1) I LOVE BEER and they have lots, 2) I will take a draft beer over a bottled beer every time! I am really looking forward to going back were I can spend more time drinking and less time eating.
4	Over 100 craft beers on tap?? Ok!  Have amazing food and one of the best happy hours in town, then I'm really in!Well I've been to this yard house at West gate as well as others in the area and nearby states and have always liked them. Great concept serving craft beers while listening to classic rock. I love coming for happy hour as they have an excellent selection of food and beer specials. Plus their hand crafted Martinis are on special. I've eaten several items from the main menu, favorites are mac n cheese (sounds simple) but with truffle oil it's amazing, plus the lobster noodles. Heck anything is really good here. The only thing it can get pricy but I don't mind paying for quality once in a while.  Yard house is one of the few places that will earn my business even if there isn't a sporting event at Westgate.  I love coming here and I'm sure I'll be coming here for years.
3	Had a couple of gift cards to use at Yard House and some friends had recommended it, so we finally gave it a shot. Saturday night, and seated outside right away instead of a 45-50 min. wait. We were a bit warm, (fans could have helped as misters weren't,) but we were glad to be outside after seeing how noisy and dark it was inside. Definitely more of a bar atmosphere than a restaurant. Service was pretty good. Menu was extensive and eventually we decided. We ordered a lobster, artichoke dip that was very tasty, and each had a burger; she had the Hawaiian, and I the lamb burger. Burgers were cooked to order and came with a choice of fries; we upgraded to garlic fries and onion rings, each a dollar extra. Garlic fries were good, and onion rings were cooked well, but bland, neither worth any extra money. Burgers were juicy, but served very plain, only two pickle slices on the side and no other veggies. Overall, not worth the price, and not a great atmosphere, unless you're in to hanging out at a bar when you're trying to enjoy dinner. Price per person was at the high end of Yelp's "moderate," especially considering we didn't do desert, and only water and a tea for beverages. Probably into the spendy category for most. Not sure why only moderate average, especially with all the beer available. Maybe many are only having drinks. We likely won't be back for quite a while. Too many other places we enjoy, especially for a burger.
1	I've never written a review about any restaurant unless it was a positive one but, this one is worthy of a write.  Weeks ago, while having dinner and a few drinks at the Yardhouse....I began to realize that the  Yardhouse bills itself as a restaurant.  It also, heavily promotes itself as a bar.  I feel that the atmosphere is a bit confusing.  What's more,  if you want to have a conversation with the folks you're dining with, this is not the place for you, especially during a Friday or Saturday night.  It is chaos!!  Most of the servers seem nice and knowledgeable however, I found myself being privy to a conversation between a manager and an employee that I had no business hearing.. Our table was very close and within ear shot of one of the stations servers use to input food.  This manager raised his voice loud enough (in anger) for it to rise above even the music.  Unacceptable!!!  What's more, there seemed to be enough managers there for two businesses. 'Further, this particular employee seemed pretty upset about it but, she kept on working.....hmmmmmm....not sure what happened there but, Yardhouse.....I won't be coming back.  I want to enjoy the food and the sports.....the yelling at employees and loud music, I can do without.  BJ's, much more relaxed atmosphere, you can watch sports and the food is delicious.
5	They have an extensive and high quality set of vegetarian options. They prepare the various Gardein products (Chick wings, sliders, etc.) in a traditional meat version fashion including buffalo and hot/spicy chicken wings with dressing and celery on the side. Naturally their beer selection is unparalleled.  Every time I've visited the food has been great and paired easily with just about any beer you can imagine.
5	love this place. i have been there 3 times. great food. great decor. and great beer.
5	Really liked the Yard House.  Ate there for lunch - had a few beers and the street tacos.  Great service and very nice patio.
5	Bring back Sublimely Self-Rightous Stone IPA!!!!!!  What were you thinking removing it from your 100 beer list? What a sad sad day.
1	Went to the Yard House tonight with friends and I am sure I got food poisoning. I did not eat anything anywhere else but there. I got home a few hours later and felt extremely sick and am nauseated. I am also having the worst stomach issues ever! Although service was good I will not be returning anytime soon.
5	We had a wonderful landmark birthday celebration here for my sister and the service was impeccable, the food was fantastic and the whole experience was a night to remember.
4	The black velvet drink is so good and I don't even like beer. I also hadn't previously tried Guinness but assumed I wouldn't like it. However, this was simply AMAZING. As is the rest of the food at Yard House. I had tons of appetizers (we shared as a table) & had the lobster garlic noodles - fab. It was one of those...I wish I want full so I could keep the flavors going nights!The westgate area is nice and convenient as well. You have to see it if you are in the area.
5	Everything was good.fast service.cold.beer. good food.atmosphere.all smiles.nothing badd to say about yardhouse
4	House honey blonde is great probably one of my favorites if you like honey beers.  The service was gray they let me try two sample of wheat beer before I bought them.  Also happy hour is a great deal for Monday night football and regular happy hour 3-6pm
2	The waiter was fantastic, but the service stopped there.  It took us 15 minutes to get our drinks after ordering at our table.  The food was lackluster and prices too high.  Due to capacity restrictions, our friend walked outside for just a moment to check on something and was not let back inside.  After speaking with the manager, he indicated that it was just tough luck.  He didn't care.  We left never to return...btw party of 9!!!
5	I only stopped in here for a beer but I sure picked the right place!  Over 100 taps on display that line the long bar in the center of the restaurant.  My bartender was an older gentleman who was very nice and let me decide what I wanted to drink instead of being pushy.Amazing beer selection, nice waitstaff.  Cool place to visit!
4	We ended up coming here because the restaurant we set out for was crowded.  We were sat right away and received great service from our waiter, Carlos.  We were in town for a Cardinals game the next day and he gave us hints for the next day that were actually useful.  He knew the area we were staying in and provided shortcuts to get to the stadium around traffic.  Aside from that, the food was great and they had a good, well-priced kids menu as well.  I didn't have a beer this time, but they had a huge selection of beers I've had before.I would definitely come here again.
5	I had brunch today with my mother and we had a great experience! The food, the service and the pricing are excellent. I am NOT a fan of chain restaurant and I never recommend them...this restaurant is my exception! Lunch! Awesome! Bring your friend and enjoy a beer or cocktail before heading back to work!
4	I always have great food as well as great service here! Practically everything on the menu is delicious. I love the orange peel chicken,  lobster garlic noodles, creme Brule, mojitos, and so much more.
5	So many amazing beers on tap and good service Francis is the best expo ever can't wait for him to be a server so i can come back
4	I gotta give credit where credit is due... Yard House has a pretty massive menu, and something for anyone.  They have a great number of vegetarian options, and a number of items can be made vegan. The beer list here is massive... Pretty sure it's over 80 beers, including rotating seasonals. I like that I can always find a great Belgian beer at YH. They have happy hour Mon-Fri until 6pm that includes both food and drink specials. The onion rings are pretty fantastic, and I've never been disappointed by their pizzas. My bf loves the mac n cheese, and their peppercorn steak. This Glendale location is always busy, particularly before a game or concert. Be prepared for a wait if you want a table, and a crowded bar.
4	Lettuce wrap 5 YelpTacos 5 YelpPastrami sliders 5 yelpService 5 Yelp-1 Yelp sat outside and it was bike night on Thursday so lots of loud bike exhaust.Cost a bit higher but it was good overall.
5	This is my go to spot, when I can't decide on what to eat.  I love this place, the food is always good, and the amount of beer that they offer makes it that much better.I recommend you try the Jambalaya, with angel hair pasta.  Best Jambalaya I have ever had!
4	This is the perfect place to watch some football, enjoy some great food, and have a few beers.  Add in their reasonable prices and you have the recipe for a great time. With the beer options here you can't help but order at least one. The food is fantastic. Personally I love the lunch salad and sandwich special. I get a half Turkey club and the best Cesar salad I have ever had anywhere. They also have an option for soup too... however I can't every seem to turn my back in that Cesar salad lol. The wait staff are always pleasant and usually on point. I did have one waitress when I was there about a month ago who was very disinterested and because of that she messed up our order. They have many tv's up around the place and on Sundays they have several different football games showing. The only downside is twice we have had to wait to be seated even though there were clearly tables available. Overall I give four stars because even having to unnecessarily wait, the food is always worth it because the food is THAT good.
4	First off I hardly ever and I mean ever give 5 stars but I will give a solid 4 to yard house. C'mon a hundred beers on tap. Can't go wrong with that. The beer menu is excellent. Lots of good selections of craft beer and typical bud coors type stuff, if you're into that. Bartenders know their stuff and considering the amount of beers they try to remember, I gotta give credit to them. So the location for this one is at westgate and on a weekend or game day I would say this is the only place I would be stopping in for a beer. Try the western bbq burger, really good smoked bacon and their own bbq sauce was a good touch. Good place to go
2	Super over-priced menu. The food and drink selection is ok. The atmosphere is dark and moody. They have a couple TVs but depending on where they seat your group you may not be able to view the sports you wanted to watch. I came in on a Sunday during football season and the TVs in my area were showing hockey and golf... no football!?!?
2	Usually love the Yardhouse.  Went for dinner to their West Glendale location after the Cardinal's game.  We were enjoining sitting outside as it had finally cooled down enough to pleasantly dine out on the patio.  After our salads arrived, two couples came outside and all lit up cigarettes and were puffing away at us.  Not being used to this, because where we live, there are more healthy and respectful policies, we alerted our server.  She surprisingly informed us that the entire patio was a smoking zone.  Although they quickly moved us inside because this induced my asthma, it was disappointing that they allowed bar patrons to come outside and smoke next to us when this is not typical for most cities in Arizona .  When paying close to $30 per entree, I would expect a lot more class from the Yardhouse or at least a designated smoking section.  We were moved inside by the manager to a table bordering the kitchen and were harassed by staff and other patrons for sitting there.   Ok Yardhouse, get with the times...if CVS can quit smoking, so can you!  Until then, we wont be back!
5	Great high end sports bar that's good for the  entire family. Great menu variety and great guest experience.
2	My siblings and I were seated outside on November 7th in the late afternoon.  The food was medicore and mostly came out cold but I would have given 3 stars because the service was excellent.  However, our issue was the feral cat  the establishment allows to roam the outdoor dining area.  We were told that this cat roaming our feet has already had two litters and is obviously pregnant again.  It was very unnerving to have a feral cat bothering us & making us feel uncomfortable.  There are agencies that can be called to help this cat such as the Feral Cat Coalition.  I would suggest that management be a little more proactive not only for the cat but for their customers.
4	This place has some good food and awesome atmosphere. Watch out for the floors though. They wax them extremely too much and saw 6 people take a nose dive while I was there.
4	Went in today dinner with some girlfriends it was really nice I liked how the place is set up the dim lighting is a plus. Ordered the pepper jack burger which I substituted the meat with a gardein (sp?) patty since I'm vegetarian. It was surprisingly delicious and the fries were nice and crispy along with the Cesar salad I added for only 2.95 not bad at all let me tell you ! We all enjoyed our food the only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because our server wasn't so attentive as he should of been many times we had to look for him to get his attention and at one point just ended up asking another waiter who was nearby for refills on our drinks
2	Sad that yard house is going cheap on Theo signature dish the spicy tuba roll substituting cucumber for edamame. I have come here for years with my hubby for date night to stay out with this and some beer but I'd thus is what I'm gonna pay for not coming back
4	Love their beer selection.  They redid the menu.  Yes, it was big BUT now the writing is too small :(  AND, the menu had a easy way to find beer from which country (important) and alcohol content % (important).  Now you have to go over EVERY BEER to see the small print of the same info.  Sorry but not a fan of the new menu.  I agree with dividing drinks/food and smaller menu but this is not a good solution.  plus the menu is way too light in color.  everything blends in.  we go here after coyotes game a LOT.    Also, Daniel is a wonderful waiter.
3	We went to the Yard house before the Coyotes game. We always like to sit at the bar. Our server Kaitlyn was very pleasant. We ordered the lobster and crab dip. It was good, but a few too many shells in it. My husband ordered a bacon cheeseburger and subbed a side of mashed potatoes. When it came out the potatoes were the size of a small ice scream scoop. It was laughable.  He ordered a side of steamed vegetables, and he got Asian vegetables. Kind of weird with a burger. My French onion soup was lukewarm at best. The turkey in my Cobb salad was tough. I pushed it aside. The rest of the salad was good. What saved the dinner was the hot brownie dessert with vanilla ice cream. Yummmmm.
4	Love this place & will definitely be back!  The place was PACKED, & I could see why.Great food, atmosphere, & friendly service. The only down side is that my side of rice was pretty plain (but the rest was fantastic), sometimes the service was a little slow (but again, they were packed), & the floors were very slippery. They should really do something about that... I wore heels & had to walk very carefully so I wouldn't slip.
3	Our last night in town for the Phoenix Comicon Fan Fest we decided to splurge a bit and go to the Yard House. We'd been eating on the cheap for most of the trip because when you go to a comic book convention you want to spend most of your money on silly crap you don't need, not food. But I'd been craving a good beer or two the whole time and the Yard House is a great place to go for that. This location is right in the upscale shopping area near the stadium. You know things aren't going to be cheap just by the decor. We had tried going here on Saturday night but there was a hockey game going on and it was absolutely packed. I can't imagine what it's going to be like for the Superbowl. Things looked busy on Sunday but we had no trouble getting seated right away. I got a burger and my girlfriend got some kind of chicken sandwich. The food is a bit pricey and a little on the greasy side but it is good. We also got chips and guacamole. The guacamole was freshly made which is always cool (until you make guacamole yourself and realize it's not exactly rocket science, then your appreciation for guacamole preparation goes down a bit) but they gave us a giant heap of the green stuff and seriously like a dozen tortilla chips. Yes, it was the cheapest appetizer on the menu but come on. They aren't made of gold. The main reason to go to the Yard House is the amazing beer selection and in that area they didn't let us down. My girlfriend got a shorty of cider and she said it was great. I wasn't driving so I got some porter with vanilla bean in it (I couldn't taste any vanilla but I liked it) and something that I think was called La Trappe Quadruple. I got it because I saw it on the lighted sign over the bar and it said it had 10 percent alcohol by volume. Yes, that is entirely the reason I ordered it because that is a crazy amount of alcohol for a beer. It was some kind of quadruple bock I think and if you've ever had them they don't really taste like beer at all. I don't know how to explain the taste. It's like if you could drink flowers made out of booze. I challenge anybody to drink more than one of those and not get alcohol poisoning. The Yard House is good and I'd give it three and a half stars if I could. Four stars for the beers but minus one for the overpriced bar food. All my reviews have been four stars so far so I've got to give something lower to balance things out. Sorry about that, Yard House.
