5	It all started innocently, take the wife out for a nice dinner for her promotion.  Let's go somewhere new, downtown (uptown as they call it in Charlotte), some place fancy.  The capital grille fits this criteria.  From walking into the place with the dark woods, white linen table cloths, well dressed patrons.  It all works.  The waiter approaches our table and we are ready to start the experience.  He recommends a wine from the extensive wine list.  Lets talk about that.  I am a wanna-be when it comes to choosing a wine.  When I see a list as big as this, my first thought is wow, I think I'll get a beer!  Our waiter was an expert.  After a couple more visits we learned that pretty much everyone there had an excellent grasp on choosing wine and familiarity with the wine selection.  Our selection was a white which was absolutley perfect.  Started with the Lettuce wedge, nice giant piece of iceburg lettuce, ice cold, plenty of blue cheese and bacon and perfectly ripe tomotes.  Things were looking good.  We went light on the apps the first time since we had a feeling that the meal was going to be huge and we wanted to survive!  Our steaks came, filet au poivre, of course!  Done perfectly, rare, cream sauce was out of this world.  Meat so juicy and tender you don't need the fancy knife they give you.  We had the mashed potatoes and the au gratin potatoes for sides.  These were to die for.  Low fat I'm sure.  For dessert the recommendation was made to order the cheese cake.  Wow, I had no idea.  So rich and creamy we ate the whole thing.  Uncommon considering how much food was consumed this night.  Since that first visit we had been back several times.  I highly recommend the Capital Grille, prices are high as you would expect.  But the food and service are well worth it.
5	Until Del Frisco showed up, best steak and best wine list in town!!!  Now...it's a toss up.  Wait staff is extremely knowledgable and friendly.  Go light on the app's, everyone...the steaks are ridiculously large.  They've got one of those wine lists that is made for every single person that can walk through that door...great whites and great reds...excellence whether you're staying under 20 bucks, or if you're budget is big time.  Also, the bar out front is a great place to enjoy some happy hour and watch the cougars on the prowl...fun people watching.
5	Ooh La La, Capital Grille is the most Ritzy and detail oriented restaurant in Charlotte, to help you understand what I mean allow me to tell a little story:  It was my Girlfriend's Birthday and I wanted to make a good impression on her, so I decided to take her to Capital grille in Uptown Charlotte.  I called and made reservations, they were very nice and completely accommodating over the phone.  We arrive on time for our reservations and we are greeted by the hostess who is the first to tell my girlfriend Happy Birthday, everyone inn the restaurant from the servers to the bus boys said hello to us and wished my girl a happy birthday.  When we arrived at the table it was covered in a very classy looking glitter and decorations specifically yfor the occasion.  They made us feel like movie stars, and she thought I was amazing because I had set all this up, but really it was all Capital Grille. So right away the service has set the scene for us to have an excellent night.Then came the food, we started with a round of gin and tonics, good, and a crab cake appetizer which was amazing, chunks of perfectly seasoned crab meat, and just enough to wet our appetites for the main course.  She ordered the fillet Mignon, and I got the porterhouse.  It was spectacular.  The meat is aged in a glassed in room, which you can see when you first walk in, and tastes incredibly rich, with many layers of flavor, from the smoked grilled aspect to the texture of the aged beef, ummm, I even took the bone home and gnawed on it the next day, it was that good.  The mashed potatoes were really good too.Capital grille is perfect for special occasions, a little pricey, but when you're celebrating, this is the place to go all out.
4	Capital Grille and I have a love-hate relationship.  Let's start with the good... the blue cheese lettuce wedge tugs on my heart strings.  I really love having this for lunch (and since I work uptown, I often do).  It's very fresh, the tomatoes are always very tasty, and the dressing is amazing!  Oh, the price isn't too bad either ($9).  As for their dinner menu, I love the au gratin potatoes and strawberry cheesecake!  The service is wonderful and the bartenders are generou (I've actually had to ask them to lighten up in the alchol in my mojitos a time or two).Now, for the bad.  I recently tried the grilled chicken caesar salad and don't think I ever will again.  The lettuce was wilted, the dressing was very strong (hello anchovies) and the chicken wasn't fully cooked.  Hopefully the chef was having an off-day because an experience like this at Capital Grille isn't typical.  Overall, this is a great restaurant.  Perfect for a first date or anniversary.  Very cozy atmosphere and a great staff.
4	Went to the Capital Grille for dinner and ordered a Ribeye. I know it is a steak house, but I ordered the lobster mac n cheese and it was FABULOUS -- best I've ever had! The Ribeye was tasty, but pretty much your run-of-the-mill regular steak. I enjoyed it but wasn't overly impressed. I don't have any complaints and would definitely return here. Although it's a steak house, don't be afraid to stray and order other items, you won't be disappointed.
3	I've never had bad food or a bad experience at Capital Grille.  However, it's very pricey so be ready to plop down some serious cash or whip out the plastic with comfortable space between your credit limit and current balance.  The scallops wrapped in bacon are great, as are the garlic mashed potatoes, steak and seafood.  I agree with another reviewer who says to order something other than steak if you want...it will still be tasty. Tips:- If you work uptown and are having dinner at Capital Grille, leave your car where it is and walk; otherwise, you'll have to pay again to have it parked. - Reservation is probably a good idea.- Good for company/team dinners.
4	I took some customers to Capital Grille this week.  Actually getting to the restaurant was difficult, at least for me, and I am pretty familiar with Uptown Charlotte.  Every turn that I needed to take was forbidden by either "no left turn" or "no right turn" signs.  I had to end up going several blocks out of my way and ultimately doing an illegal turn to get to the restaurant.Finding parking is sort of difficult, as well.  From what I understand, Valet parking does not start until 6:00pm and I got to the restaurant at about 5:30pm.  I would recommend parking in the garage for the office building next door to the restaurant.  Capital Grille will validate your parking if you park there.The food is very good, but also fairly expensive.  I had 8 people in my group and our total bill was right at $1,100.00 including tip.  This did include two bottles of mid-priced wine, though.  I had the 10 oz. Filet Mignon and it was very good.  As far as sides, I would recommend the Lobster Macaroni and Cheese and Au Gratin Potatoes.  We also got the seafood appetizer platter and it was decent, but nothing to write home about.  The desserts are large and very tasty.
2	The epitome of a pompous corporate steakhouse.  Go there to show your friends, or tell yourself you can waste dining dollars, and for no other reason!  I guess it's the natural byproduct of an expense account banking town.
5	I really don't understand some of the negative reviews for this place.  It seems like they were looking for a different experience.  Make no mistake, this is an expensive highend steakhouse.  Go for a good cut of meat and the best calimari in town, hands down.  Regarding someones comment about not ordering anything above medium-rare, i disagree...I get ribeyes medium all the time.
3	I came here the other day for a charity fundraiser, and wasn't too overly impressed. I mean, it's pretty much the same as any Capital Grille (if you've been to one before), although this location has a pretty great set-up: it's right in the middle of Uptown, with a great outdoor area. So that part's pretty great, actually. The interior is really nice, as you'd expect: lots of wood and dark colors in this stuffy, typical steakhouse setting. In any event, we spent most of our time in the bar area, which under normal circumstance would've been cool: it's a large, open space with nice seating areas around it. The bar itself is well-stocked and the bartenders are pretty bad-ass. Again, you'd expect this much from a fancy steakhouse. When we were there it was incredibly packed; you couldn't move. And the clientele was pretty lame, but I guess that's what you'd expect. The drink and wine selection here is amazing, though, and the appetizers were pretty darn tasty as well. As for the food, well, it's awesome--but you'll be paying a pretty heavy price to get some.
5	Last week I was in Charlotte on business and a colleague and I chose the Capital Grille for our after work dinner location. As we approached the spot it was very quiet outside so we weren't sure if this was going to work out, but as soon as we stepped inside the energy hit us. The service was very prompt, friendly, and professional. I ordered the Cajun rubbed Delmonico steak and it was wonderful. Sauteed mushrooms as a side and a 2005 Cakebread Cabernet completed the meal. Since the place was unknown to us the unexpected pleasant surprise of the place added to the overall experience.
5	I feel compelled to say that I agree with Vinh about Mindy W. There are too many people who write these food reviews trying to sound like they're a foodie, or at least knowledgeable about food, and then it turns out they only go out like four times a year!I like Capital Grille. I like it as much as Morton's. I like both better than Smith and Wollensky, Butcher and Singer, Ruth's Chris, Sullivan's, and The Palm. I get my steaks medium rare. On rare occasion, such as when I order prime rib at S&W, I get it rare. This is the ONLY way to eat quality meat. USDA Prime meat (and Choice) is not going to kill you like the crap you get in supermarkets. Supermarket meat needs to be cooked well done because the supermarket butcher probably rarely washes his hands.I've tried the sliced filet mignon, the filet "cooked to order", the lobster bisque, and the crab cocktail at Capital. The lobster bisque needed more lobster, but the bisque was quite good and not too strong. My filet entrees were awesome. It's amazing that they can make Choice cuts taste like Prime.
2	Sorry- just doesn't do it for me.  The steak is average and it's over run by BoA middle management.
3	As far as a steakhouse.. eh..had much better..but I do love the bar.. the apps.. this is one of the places that I hang out with my Nascar buddies.. the bartenders are always on top of things..fun and on the ball. A great wine selection.. Food: I always try the filet..and usually Im disappointed.. 3x to be exact.. they cant seem to cook it correctly! I love the spinach salad.. and again, for 'hang time' ambience.. this is the place to start!
4	I'm a fan....I got, I think it was a cajun rubbed filet (something like that) and it was great! Just about everything we had was above average to excellent. It is kinda interesting for some reason it is dark in there...guess they don't want you to see the prices!  You get what you pay for and here for us it was worth it.
4	Very pricey, but a great dining experience. The calamari is yummy, but HOT as in spicy..  Lobster and Steak is where it's at and if you somehow escaped the recession blues throw in a bottle of Silver Oak Cab...
4	Do Not miss out on the rib eye sandwich!! Incredible taste and tenderness! Beautiful restaurant and service outstanding.. I had a salad with shrimp, sounds like I should have had the wedge. Anyway, nice place, tough parking. But just a tourist so not too concerned about that. I did hear from our server however they may be opening one in Costa Mesa CA?? Hope so. Enjoy  Stars for the Sandwich and service. Not crazy about the salad a little pricey for so so salad.
4	The Capital Grille is fantastic!  A bit of a pretentious crowd in the bar area but that's what you would expect....  Filet cooked rare with lobster macaroni on the side is my ideal 'last meal' before I die.  Service is great except one time we got a young waiter here that thought that since we were a little young that we wanted to be spoken to with 'true dat..and word'.  Not sure if this moron still works there but overall service over the years has been good.
5	This is one of the best places to get a top-notch meal. Their aged steaks are cooked and seasoned to perfection. It is extremely pricey, but the size of the meat and savory taste is well worth it. This place is great for special occasion and couples. A couple will easily spend $200.
4	My first review was a 5, but after Del Friscos has entered the mix, and then returning here, I can't say they are on the same lever (other than price).
5	This is the classic Capital Grille experience.  And that is a classy, high-end one at that.The product here is very similar to other Capital Grille's, so I will not go into detail.  The point I was wanting to make here is that I happened to be out with a co-worker who is a very experienced bar man who's also a bit of a foodie and really enjoys a good restaurant.  So, being a classy place, he started ordering some really traditional drinks that you just don't hear of much these days.  The bartender at this Capital Grille was definitely up to the measure required for CG staff and the high-end product they deliver.A couple drinks we had made are a Baby Guiness (which I had never heard of myself).  Barman knew exactly what to do, even the pour over the back of a spoon.  Another was Sambuca, which was expertly paired with 3 coffee beans.  The guy knew what he was doing.  And it was done smartly.Capital Grille - always a good fine dining experience.
5	Ok ok ok....yes, Capital Grille is 'spensive, and it's a upscale chain but my oh my do I love it. I love the atmosphere, I love the steak, I love the Stoli Doli martinis, I love the cheesecake with the torched topping...what can I say, I'm a sucker for a great steak accompanied by great service. I only come to Cap Grille for special occasions, as it's certainly no cheap meal. Hubs and I can easily spend $150-$200 for a meal here (includes a few courses and adult beverages). Hence, during Charlotte's Restaurant Week(s) we always try to schedule in an affordable, delicious meal. The service here has been nothing but extraordinary every time I've walked in - whether I was just having a martini at the bar or a full-fledged meal al fresco. I'm a big fan of the shrimp cocktail - pretentious, sure, but it's composed of colossal shrimp and the perfect spicy cocktail sauce. Their filet is just so incredible, they have always cooked it exactly to my preferences, save one particular undercooked occasion which they immediately remedied with swift service and a very sweet apology. As for their sides, the asparagus w/Hollandaise, creamed spinach and potatoes au gratin will certainly stop your heart literally and figuratively. And last but not least, their desserts are just delectable. Per my opening remarks, their cheesecake is out of this world. It's a round, rich cheesecake with a semi-torched top and served with a smattering of fresh berries. YUM. Every time I leave Capital Grille I feel very full but very, very happy!
5	Fine dining and elegant decor without the pretentious attitude.  Great happy hour bar with the famous "Paul" bartending since 2004'.  Ask for a Stoli Doli Pineapple Martini and you will not regret it.  The Porcini Delmonico Steak and Lobster Mac n Cheese rule!!
4	Mozzarella, tomato and prosciutto appetizer was light and tasty, a perfect precursor to a good, juicy steak.  My sliced filet served on a bed of mushrooms and caramelized onions in a sumptuous jus was very tasty.  I'll be looking out for Restaurant Week deals like many others here.
4	Review for drinks onlyStopped in on Saturday before dinner across the street.  Was sort of taken aback by 2 customers seated on the patio.  Both guys had on sports jerseys, jean shorts, or jorts if you will, and were seriously blinged out.  Just seemed so out of place with everyone around them.  We sat at a table in the bar area and the bartender came over with some cocktail menus and got us all waters right away.  I had the grapefruit buck and it was sooo delicious and refreshing.  I believe it was gin, campari, ruby red grapefruit juice and maybe something else, served w/a grapefruit slice.  I loved it.  Tried someone else's drink and wasn't a fan so was def happy with my choice.Had to run to make our reservation so it was just the one round.  Wasn't cheap for 3 cocktails and a beer it was $46 I believe.  But it was a nice atmoshpere and we saw they are running for prix fixe in October so we might stop in for dinner before Chelsea Handler at TW.
5	My favorite steakhouse in Charlotte! Yes it's a chain, but not every Capital Grille gets 5 stars from me. For example, the one in Chicago is 4, mainly due to ambiance. The was the first restaurant I went to when I moved to Charlotte and continues to be a place to go for dinner or dessert after dinner somewhere else. For me, the best cheesecake in town. Great patio for outdoor seating. Great open bar with top notch service. This is a place to indulge for dinner and wine. Both menus are impressive. Open kitchen concept makes the feeling in the restaurant a little more lively.The Delmonico steak is great as well as the filet. Depending on the size of the lobster tail that night, getting it as an appetizer is a sure way to make the bill skyrocket, but hey, we only live once!
3	This place was ok, not good, not bad, but ok.For the price it should have been kick-ass. I went here couple weeks ago with a friend and while the service was attentive it was borderline annoying.I can get my own calamari, you don't need to serve me when you don't have gloved hands. Ugh just let me do it please? If I dont eat everything, Its not that the food inst good its just i will finish eating and stop eating. If my friend and I haven't eaten anything in 5 mins it means WERE DONE. thanksThe food was fine. Its nothing I haven't seen anywhere else. For an appetizer we had the pan-fried calamari. It was okay, the wrapped lemon was a cute touch but i mean honesty the calamari was too battered and not crisp enough. For an entree I had the Sushi grade tuna. It was cooked perfectly. THe sauces were fun but not one that i completely loved. I had a side of assperagus and it was amazing. I always seem to get the overcooked asperagus but this time they were perfect and served with hollandaise. I dont think for the price I would come back. Not worth it but I guess this place is perfect for those who wanna flaunt money
4	Stopped in for a quick drink after An Evening with David Sedaris and I wanted something sweet so I planned on getting dessert.  I had the grapefruit buck to drink again, its so yummy!  The bartender told me the cheesecake or chocolate hazelnut cake were the best options and I was craving chocolate so I went with the latter.  Umm I should have taken a pic, this "piece" of cake was as big as my head!!  I knew I wouldn't finish it but I got my chocolate fix and pushed it aside.  It was good but I could have done w/o the hazelnut in this case.Bartender was very nice, but I found it odd she kept calling me dear, considering she looked to be around the same age as me it seemed strange!
4	This is our favorite place to go for a special occasion! Start out with a Pineapple Stoli Doli Martini, 2 of these and you will be feeling right! Then for apps we always get the calamari and shrimp cocktail, you would think shrimp cocktail is played out and boring but they are HUGE shrimp with an awesome spicy cocktail sauce. I always get the crab stuffed lobster and we split sides..I've had all before and love them all. Mashed potatoes, asparagus, creamed spinach, but if you never come here you HAVE to try the lobster mac and cheese. To.Die.For. Then finish off with a desert that I will usually take home and eat some later once my food has digested a little, a huge piece of chocolate cake or my favorite, their rich and delicious cheesecake with berries. It is always a lot of food but we love to splurge on special occasions. Birthdays are fun too because they will have your table decorated in fun confetti and always make you feel special. Fun night out!
5	On a rare night out with my wife, when our daughter's in the capable hands of others, we made reservations for the Capital Grille. Having eaten there before, courtesy of someone else's expense account, I readily knew what we were in for; a throwback to the dining days where the wait staff dressed formally (and wore name tags), and the interior was tastefully decorated in rich mahogany and imported leather, where an above-average steak can be savored and where the bartender truly knows how to mix a quality martini. In other words, this place oozes of old money, but you don't have to dress to the nines in order to enjoy service here; as long as you don't dress like you're about to attend a GWAR concert, you won't be denied service.Our attentive waitress, Beth, could not have been more instrumental in helping us decide what to eat. I was jonesing for a good red wine, but I wasn't much in the mood to down an entire bottle on my own (my wife doesn't like red wine, and I don't like white, so that negates our wine choosing); she recommended a rich and full-bodied Rioja by the glass, so smooth and elegant that I would have enjoyed another glass were I more inclined to do so.We started with the prosciutto-wrapped mozzarella, lightly sauteed and garnished with fresh basil and vine tomatoes. Absolutely lovely, and the prosciutto is from Parma, and not the poser variety most restaurants and delis try to pawn off on you. The crostinis were a delight as well. My wife also enjoyed a wedge salad with a tangy blue cheese dressing.As for the main event, my wife chose the lobster and crab-stuffed shrimp; think of this as looking akin to a stuffed tomato, lightly glazed and very delicious. I went for the steak Au Poivre, rubbed with peppercorns and served with a cognac (Courvoisier?) sauce. Oh. My. GOODNESS! Tender, with a swift bite to it, thanks to the peppercorns. We shared a neatly-prepped side of sauteed spinach, and the parmesan truffle fries; this was perhaps the only disappointment, as the fries seemed to lack the prerequisite amount of parmesan so as to not make the fries taste like, well, fries.We topped off our gastric orgy with an off-the-menu layered carrot cake, large enough for two. There was no way we could finish it, but, man, we gave it our best.$180 for dinner? Yeah, so what? It was SO WORTH IT!!!
4	I finally got a chance to eat here thanks to one of my friends very generous Christmas gift!! Ive only ever been in for drinks so dinner was a first!!We sat in a big booth for just the 3 of us and I started with the Pineapple Stoli Doli and it is dangerous! I could have had like 10...I didn't but i could have! We started with the Shrimp Cocktail and Wagyu Beef Carpaccio both were good. For my entree I had the Porcini Rubbed Delmonico Ribeye when it came out it was huge and perfectly cooked. We had gotten 3 sides starting with the Lobster Mac N Cheese which was very good, but like my friend said there was nothing that made it OMG!! We also had the Onion Rings, and Sauteed Spinach which were also good.We had the Creme Brulee for dessert and that was perfectly lighter than I thought it was going to be and just the right amount of sweetness to finish the dinner.Our server was very nice and helped when it came to picking out the wine and his suggestion was great we all enjoyed it!
5	FABULOUS!!  Visited the Capital Grille for dinner on New Year's Eve and was extremely impressed with the atmosphere, wait staff and the food was just plain amazing.  I devoured the huge portion of lobster and crab stuffed shrimp.  Our sides were mashed potatos and asparagus with hollandaise...both were great.  Our bill was $209 for 4 people...some may think its a little pricey but I think it was well worth it and would certainly do it all over again with no hesitation.  The one and only complaint I have is that the menus are HUGE....huge to the point that I nearly cleared all of the glasses off the table when attempting to order...BUT food that great deserves to be displayed on a small billboard!
5	Capital Grille is not a place that we go often (due to it being a bit on the pricey side), but every time we do decide to splurge, it's been fantastic. Drinks: you MUST have a stoli doli martini. So delish. That said, why not have two and really kick up your heels?Starters: I realize that shrimp cocktail might be considered a boring choice, but with jumbo shrimp and cocktail sauce with a kick, you'll be happy you choose this route. The mixed green salad with champagne vinegarette and the tomato mozzarella salad are also great starters (but you may want to split the later as it's quite large).Main course: I don't eat red meat, but everyone I've dined with says that Capital Grille has the best steaks around. The salmon is also very good, and the portion size ridiculous; you'll definitely have some to take home.Sides: you must have the creamed spinach. Even if you abhor spinach you will love this dish (which tells you just how healthy it is). The asparagus and mashed potatos are also solid side choices.Dessert (my favorite course): get the cheesecake; you will not regret it. The top is torched like creme brulee and it comes with whip cream and berries. I've also had some of their  homemade ice cream (mint), and it was very good as well. The chocolate cake is very rich, but with a bit of ice cream on top, the perfect chocolately end to your evening.They have a very helpful slew of valet attendants out front for free parking, so defintiely plan to use them. It's just not worth it to try to find a spot on your own, especially if you're going uptown on the weekend for dinner (at which point, you should definitely make a reservation). If you're looking for great food, service, and to save a little money, this is the place to choose when perusing the restaurant week menu. Or if you have a special occassion and feel like splurging, Capital Grille is a sure bet.
4	I came here for a business lunch from NYC and had a VERY appetizing meal. My colleagues and I did not make a reservation and we were seated almost immediately.   The staff were very nice and the food was of high quality and served speedily (as we requested due to time constraints).  I ordered the sliced mignon, one of the chef's specials and my colleagues also ordered variations of steak.  This chain steakhouse really served up a perfectly cooked mignon and I would definitely come back here.
3	I REAAAALY wanted to have one of the best steaks in a while, but it just wasn't that great.  I'd give the food 4 stars at best, but the price was utterly ridiculous.It was quite a busy night when I walked in this dimly lit restaurant with very prestigious decor.  We had reservations and were seated immediately.  We walked right past the local banking community at the bar.The service was awesome, very attentive, but not quite stalking.I felt I was splurging enough, so laid off the booze, but pretty credible wine selection.  The onion loaf bread was great.  Me and my date each had different salads, I had the Cesar which had mediocre quality Parmesan shavings on top.  The other was a basic chef's with a champagne vinaigrette.  Was good, nothing to write home about.Then came the steaks.  We both ordered medium rare(as YOU should)  The tournedos with morel crust were raw in the middle but still pretty tasty.  Very subtle on the morel.  My kona rubbed sirloin was a little past medium.  $42 steak that wasn't even cooked right, WOW!  Decent flavor, but I could easily cook a better steak with a good beef an iron skillet and above average salt.  The sides lacked luster.  Just had some potatoes and greens.Then came desert, SO GOOD.  We had a cheesecake and a flan of sorts.  Both were amazing.  They were pretty much the only reason that I didn't complain about the meal.All in all, it was restaurant week and I know they just push people through, but I was thoroughly disappointed.
5	I have now been here for dinner twice  and can fully commit to the 5 star rating!  In December a friend brought my sister and I here for our Xmas present.  LeeAnn D's review summs up that experience perfectly except she left out the bread basket.  I swear I could have been happy just sitting there eating bread all night, it was such a great selection!The last time I was here was for restaurant week.  As a thank you for the meal in Dec, the manager gave my friend a $50 gift card for a return visit that had to be used by beginning of Feb, so we decided to eat here again.  Mixed green salad was good, dressing on the side though otherwise it drowns the lettuce.  Porcini rubbed tournedos of beef were excellent, and I actually couldn't finish both.  The mashed potatos were probably the best I have ever had anywhere.  You just knew there was 3 sticks of butter and a ton of heavy cream in there, but they were simply amazing.  The creamed spinach however, tasted like soap, bleh.  Our server replaced them when we told her they tasted funny, but the 2nd batch just had a milder soapy flavor.  Still this was not enough to ruin an otherwise perfect meal.  Creme brulee to finish up and the chocolate espresso cake to go since my friend doesn't care for dessert, was a great ending to the meal.With the gift card and the restaurant week pricing it made this meal with 4 glasses of wine and 2 cocktail about $43 pre tip.  Tip on the pre discounted amount and we still walked away paying $60 for a meal that could have been A LOT more expensive.  I almost felt like we were stealing since I know how pricey this place can be!
5	Service was great! Went there for weekday lunch.  Got the spinach bacon salad as my side and that could have been my whole meal.  Got the ribeye sandwich as my main course and that was scrumptious.  My BF got the swordfish and mashed potatoes.  I don't like fish but he said it was yummy.  The mashed potatoes were some of the best I've ever had.  My sandwich was even good leftover.  Will most certainly frequent this spot!
4	This is a classic steak house.  Good service and great food. Go ahead- spend the extra money.  It's worth it.
5	Top Notch steaks and service.  My recommendation (if you're really hungry) order the Porterhouse...medium rare.  And please pay the few extra dollars for the Porcini Rub - you'll thank me...   Table 23 is one of the best for privacy if you have 3 to 4 joining you..
3	Service and steak fell short of expectations. No doubt this is a nice restaurant but our server was not attentive enough. She was no where to be found when we were ready to order and ready to pay. She did bring our wines out very quickly and made sure our glasses were filled. That I do appreciate. The steak, both mine and 2 other were *bleh**. I had the filet mignon at medium which was cooked to the correct temp. But it lacked flavor. My friend had the sirloin and it too lacked flavor. We were both expecting big bold beefy flavor but it just wasn;t there. I think a burger king beefburger had more beefy flavor.The sides were great! Loved the spinach and mushroom. Finally, the cream brulee was very good.So, I came for steak and I did not get good steak here. I will not be back. Should have ate at Ruth Chris instead.. and its just 4 blocks the other way..
2	Are you the type of person that requires being seen in an expensive, overly pretentious restaurant so that you can wear it as a status symbol?  Or maybe you're a gansta who dresses like CiLo Green and wants to show the hunny's (yes, a group of them out with one man) a night on the town.  Or maybe you are a group of ladies who can't figure out why the Bravo TV Channel passed Charlotte over for the next cast of Real Housewives?  If you fall into any of these three categories, this is the joint for you.In all honesty, I have seen all three scenarios mentioned above play out during each of the three times I've been to this restaurant (as for the third scenario, there must have been a Real Housewives convention or something in town...there were no fewer than 5 tables of cougars decked to the 9's trying to impress SOMEone....)The food is good, not great.  Their steaks are great cuts of meat, but I can get their roasted chicken off the rotisserie at Harris Teeter, and their fish is always dry.  I won't harp on their oysters, as it was out-of-season when I got them, and that's not a fair shake, but still....No Bueno.  Go for the top tier steak...steer clear of apps. and other proteins.The service, managers, and hostesses here are all as pretentious as the surroundings.  Funny story; my friends got turned away due to the places dress code.  They weren't given that reason, but come on...they walked into an empty restaurant, were given elevator eyes by the hostess, and were told that all the empty tables had "reservations attached to them".  And we are not talking bums off the street here...this was a Brooks Brothers and TRCW wearin' couple!  Bottom line...leave the jeans at home for this place...may even want to throw on a jacket to improve your chances with St. Peter at the Pearly Gates...I mean, the hostess at the podium.Overall, if you feel the need to define your restaurant experience by how much you spend, and the number of "important" people sitting next to you, go here.  If you want good food, and don't feel like taking out a second mortgage on your home to enjoy a nice meal, pass on this one.  As far as high-end steakhouses go, might I suggest Ruth's Chris (right down the street) or Del Friscos (South Park) as better alternatives to this place?  Del Frisco's is my personal choice, due to the fact that I always see Ric Flair here, and he entertains me...WOOOOO!
5	Ok, I told you all that we were on a celebration romp through Charlotte and it ended at The Capital Grille. The hubs out did himself this time :-) Let me begin by thanking our server Alissa, who was cordial, attentive, and upbeat the entire night. It was our first time at Capital Grille and I was so impressed with the ambiance of the restuarant. It looked like there were enough "suits" in the place to write a check to clear the federal deficit, but I liked that. The decor had an old world feel blended with a wall street vigor. The hostess was gracious and we were seated immediately and noticed the restaurant was quite busy for a Wednesday night. Alissa explained the chef features for the night and we agreed to try it. We received complimentary champagne and I ordered the smoked salmon as an appetizer. It was a good portion and was served with aioli, capers, chopped onions, and crisp pita triangles. I enjoyed it immensely as smoked salmon is one of my favorites. The hubs ordered a salad, and we ordered the lobster mac-n-cheese and truffle fries for our son, the Gabe-meister (I kept theifing the lobster out of the mac-n-cheese it was soooo good) and the truffle fries were amazing, it had this parmasen flavor to it. I do not eat red meat regularly but wanted to try the feature 4 oz filet medallion at medium with a fennel based sauce. The hubs opted for the 12 oz. filet mignon at medium rare with crab (out of the shell) in butter sauce. Needless to say we enjoyed the meal and left completely satisfied and impressed with Capital Grille. The food was great but it was the service that really impressed, two managers came by and wished me a happy birthday and checked on us to see if everything was ok. VERY NICE TOUCH! :-)For dessert, we brought our favorite cheesecake creme  iced cake from Harris Teeter, and yes the restaurant was fine with it. We shared cake with Alissa and she enjoyed it as well.All-in-all, the Capital Grille has managed to produce quality, flavourful food and white glove service as a chain restaurant. We're requesting Alissa next time we visit :-)
5	Capital Grille is definitely going to put a large hurting on your wallet but I will say that it ranks the best in that class of high dollar restaurant that I have had in a long time! It was awesome food to say the least. I ordered the Caprese Salad for the starter, the Porcini Rubbed Delmonico with 12-year Aged Balsamic, and the creme brulle for dessert. The salad was simple but amazing. You could definitely tell the mozzarella was made in-house and the balsamic gave it a good punch. The steak was out of this world and if it was humanly possible to eat the bone also, it probably would have happened! I had it cooked medium-rare to perfection. Side note: when eating at a "real" steakhouse make sure to ask what their temperatures mean. Many places I go, I order it rare but at higher end places, they are going to cook it the way they say...and rare means cold red center. For desert the creme brulle was great and had some fresh berries on top.  It is hard in my opinion to mess this dish up but they delivered very well!Overall, a great dinner - I almost had to roll myself out of there.  Would I eat here on a typical night out for dinner?  No.  The price is prohibitive.  But for a nice business dinner and/or personal event.  It is top notch.  I wouldn't even consider going to Ruth Chris in comparison!
5	I'm gonna let everyone in on an amazing secret about this place. It is not on the menu but if you ask, they will make you a crab cocktail that is amazing! (A martini glass filled with chilled lump crap meat.) Couple that with a Chopin martini with blue cheese stuffed olives and there is no better way to start your night.The lobster mac and classic wedge salad are both  must haves but you can't go wrong with anything on their menu.
5	If you don't like this place, you don't like any place.  If you don't have 300 bucks to spend DO NOT GO.  Food-EXCELLENT.  Service- EXCELLENT drinks-EXCELLENT.  Eating there is like being on a cruise.  It is by far the best resturant in Charlotte, maybe the USA.  I have been there 10 times and will continue to go.  BTW the valet parking is a nice touch.
4	Classy joint with portraits of old men on the walls.ATMOSPHERE: Clean & classy, resembling a vintage smoker's lounge where deals are made. Enjoyed the finely painted portraits of people of influence from the 1800s. Fine statues of deers and animals got my appetite started.SERVICE:  I was dressed very poorly and still received the same  business class service as the rest of the finely suited gentlemen. Attentive, friendly, will scrape bread crumbs and keep your fluids topped off at all times.FOOD: Delicious. Quality assurance department is doing their job.MENU & PRICING: High end aged steak and fresh quality seafood. Expense it on your company card or stock up on top ramen next week.
4	What a great experience.  The service was some of the best I've ever had in any restaurant and the "Generous Pour" wine sampling was fabulous.  Our waitress, Michelle, was extremely knowledgeable about the menu items as well as the wine she was serving us...that's a HUGE plus in my book.We started off by sharing their fried calamari tossed with cherry peppers...fabulous!  We then shared the house chopped salad, which was full of great stuff and tossed in a light vinegarette dressing.  I liked more than my wife did.  For our entree, we shared the delmonico steak, lobster mac and cheese and creamed spinach.  We had a problem with the steak because it was way over cooked.  Michelle cheerfully took it back, apologized and brought us a new one along with all new fresh sides.  The steak was just ok and we really should've ordered the porterhouse but the sides were just rediculously good.  She then proceeded to buy us 2 desserts of our choice...carrot cake (special) and chocolate hazelnut cake (on the menu).  The carrot cake was one of the best I've ever had but the chocolate cake just ok.Through each course Michelle brought us more wine tastings and I believe we had 7 overall.It was great night and even though the steak was not a favorite, I would return again and simply pick a different one.
5	Open up your brain tank because I'm about to pour in some high octane premium knowledge--  Have you ever walked out of a restaurant and felt like you didn't get your money's worth??  Have you ever walked out of a restaurant and felt like you wanted refinance your home, open up a restaurant house account, rent a cot in the back room, never ever leave, and never eat anything else again??  That is how I feel every time I exit Capital Grille after a meal. Is it expensive?? Yes, but you are getting exactly what you pay for.. An exceptional meal and stellar customer service.  Everything about this place just exudes class and a stylish subtle comfort.  The menu is specific and gets right to the point.  There isn't a ton of options because this is what they do and they do it very very well.  First-Steak.  Second-Wine.  Third-Sides.  Fourth-Seafood.  I've had the Kona Bone-in Rib-eye and the Tenderloin with Lobster.  Both are so succulent that I get into a subconscious gladiatorial battle over which one to select.  No matter what you decide to go with, you should always choose the Lobster Mac N Cheese as a side.  WOW!  You are just being foolish if you don't.  Now, I am no wine connoisseur but the wine list is so extensive that it dwarfs the normal menu.  I'm talking about an endless amount of options and trust me when I tell you that your server will know about every single one.  So, just simply talk to him/her and tell them what you like or what suggestions they might have.  I think they have to go through some sort of wine school to become a server there.  They know all.  Now, I need to give this next Yelp nugget its own paragraph.  The truffle fries... Oh lordy Lord.... the truffle fries.  Fries so good that even touching them with ketchup or BBQ would be such a crime that I would "soup nazi" the rest of your meal.  "NO CAP-G FOR YOU! - YOU DO NOT DESERVE THE CAP-G"  Yeah, bringing it back to Seinfeld for that one.  They are hot, properly seasoned, and perfect just the way they are.  Get classy on those fries and use the fry tongs that they give you.  Don't be shy and indulge yourself in all that is the Capital Grille.   Please Enjoy!-Ian M.
4	Went to this restaurant for my girlfriends bday. they definitely exceeded my expectation. service was excellent. they ushered us to a booth with the table decorated. then they sat us down and put roses and 2 glasses of champagne for us. took a picture of us and put it on a card. i was taken back. now onto the food. Wagyu Carpachio - awesome. thinly sliced and generous portionsLobster Bisque - lots of lobster in the soup. not as creamy as most would have it. ++ for meShrimp Cocktail - got 5 shrimps. and they were big shrimps. very fresh and juicy.Sesame crusted Ahi Tuna. if you dont like sushi, dont try it. difficult to cook. tasted a little bland to me IMO. Porterhouse_ excellent cut. nothing else needed on top of the steak. cooked perfectly. Night ended with a complimentary chocolate cake. awesome cake!. Thank you Capital Grille!
4	As a corporate chain upscale steakhouse, this place does not jump to the top of my list for romantic dinner spots.  However,  it is most definitely a great place for a business lunch or dinner. Since I am not a meat-eater, I can't comment on the steaks, but I've had their seared salmon and the seared tuna on separate occasions.  Both were expertly prepared. I have been here for a private party as well and the service on each visit has been very good.
3	I went to Capital Grille with a friend for dinner, when making a reservation I asked the dress code and was told "evening casual."  So we dressed appropriately, but we were seated next to a large group of people wearing jean shorts and jerseys.  I'm not trying to be a snob, but if a place has a dress code why is it not enforced? This group also continued to carry on vulgar conversation (f-this, f-that).  If I wanted to hear that I would be at the NASCAR store, not an Uptown restaurant.  I should have requested a different table, but that group departed soon after and I left it alone.The service was 5-stars.  Our waitress attended to our every need and we had a delightful dinner, absolutely top notch.  The food was a bit disappointing.  The steaks were cooked perfectly to order, but they were nothing special.  They were not particularly tender or seasoned with anything I could taste.  The sides were fantastic.  I don't know if we just went on an off night, but for the prices they were charging the meat fell far short.  If not for that, I would give the place 5 stars.
5	Old school steaks, manly interiors accompied with some of the best table side service you'll see in Charlotte.  That's what keeps me coming back to Capital Grille.  Aside from Beef and Bottle on South Blvd., Capital Grille is one of the first upscale steak places that Charlotte had.  It's been here longer than Mortons, Ruth Chris or Palm, etc.  So in some ways I feel like the other's are just riding coat tails in Charlotte.  Of course, it is a chain so with that being said I'm sure this isn't the original one.The filet oscar and lobster mac 'n cheese are simply put "my last meal on earth".  Through in a nice red glass of vino to wash it down and that equals instant smile for this guy!
5	Great service and wines. Best calamari in town
4	For a change, I was the guest and not the one picking up tab. I'll have to try that more often. The sales rep from a film production supply house smoothly lied and said Channel 70 Productions was his favorite customers (I am a real pain because I demand perfect service and a high level of competence from my vendors) and offered to buy dinner and I accepted since his offer included the Capital Grille.Right away I noticed people actually dressed for dinner. I like that and it gave me a chance to wear the Countess Mara tie my wife had given me the previous week. Yeah, I know it's name dropping, but both my wife and the tie deserve the credit. I'm one of the few men on the planet who enjoys receiving ties as gifts. The tables were too close together for my liking and it was easy to overhear the conversations of others. Perhaps they were just talking loudly. I ordered the Delmonico with no seasonings. I always order steaks minus seasoning. If a steak needs that kind of help, then the steak isn't much to begin with. The steak was great. One of the best steaks I've had in awhile. Service was movie perfect.If your wallet can stand the heat, dine at the Capital Grille on your next trip to Charlotte.
3	My husband and I recently moved to Charlotte and we were looking for good food and our expectations were too high. The steaks were not seasoned at all, just tasted like meat, but we are so used to going to Ruth's Chris, where the steaks are phenomenal. The service was great and the lobster bisque and tails are a must try. I now know never to order steak from here only their lobsters.
5	One of the best Steakhouses, always consistent. Great food and service. You can people watch at the bar
3	Took two colleagues from work here for a belated, "thanks for all you did in 2011", lunch. I have never been to this location for dinner but had a kick butt good dinner at a Houston location a couple years ago so the lunch expectations were high. The service was quite good but the food was just good which is not good enough at these prices. And yes, you are allowed to say "these prices" even at lunch at a place like CG. HITS - Wedge salad. Very yummy blue cheese dressing, quality bacon, fresh lettuce and tomato and as big as your head. The hot, fresh bread and cold butter. AVERAGE - Clam chowder. It had good flavor and a respectable amount of clams but way too many potatoes and was luke warm. MISSES - Chefs burger. Ordered medium rare, served medium well and had barely any flavor to it. Back to Ruth's Chris for next years thank you lunch...
5	I had a $40 filet mignon at Ruth Chris a few days before eating here.  For the same price, the filet at Capital was 10 times better.  I would have paid double.  Amazing place, wonderful service, and everything we ate was beyond what we could have hoped for.
4	You will be tempted to go with the kona crusted sirloin because it sounds so good (and it is), but decide on the filet instead.  You will thank me later.
4	I first found the Capital Grill when we visit Charlotte.  We now have one in Seattle.  I have frequented many 'steak' houses, and I find Capital Grill the BEST.
5	My mouth is watering just thinking of the Capital Grille in Charlotte. I don't get to come here that often considering the price tag, but when I do, it's always nothing short of super fantastic. This particular Capital Grille is very classy from the service to decor to the selections of food and wine. The staff is very attentive, professional and informative. The food is insanely delicious and could feed you for days on end! Capital Grille, hands down, receives my Best Cheesecake in Charlotte award! I usually describe their cheesecake as this: "It's a NY cheesecake, with a cookie dough-like crust instead of a graham cracker crust, and with a creme-brulee sugar-flambeed topping." It's freakin' unbelievable! I would get just that cheesecake to-go on a random night if I ever wanted to! But I digress... They also have a nice patio on the sidewalk of Tryon and 5th St. if you fancy people-watching while you enjoy a 4 course meal. They've also just added a lunch bites menu that is for those who need to eat and run at a much smaller price than their usual dinner fare.Capital Grille is just the place to go if you're looking to impress business clients, for a classy date night or for a special occasion with family or friends. Make a reservation and be prepared to eat/drink like royalty and drop money like you're makin' it rain!
5	The Capital Grille Philadelphia was my 1st visit to this franchise. I had a great experience there, so I was shocked when I got back to Charlotte, and our Capital Grille was even better. At that time, they served a great pasta dish with sundried tomatoes, I was hooked. The real bright spot at Capital is obviously the steaks, but their wedge salads and cheesecake are great also.
5	Took our friend who is leaving town for a new job to The Capital Grille last night, and WOW we were impressed!  Not only was the food delicious, but we were treated incredibly well by the staff, particularly our server Rebecca... I truly felt like a VIP!!Our meal included a complimentary amuse bouche (a cucumber slice filled with a lobster salad), and when our friend informed the staff that he's allergic to shellfish, they immediately produced an alternate dish for him.  The salad I split with my fiance was a fresh mozzarella/basil/tomato/balsamic salad.  The server split this tableside for us, and even brought an extra plate with the 12 yr aged balsamic and EVOO drizzle.  Delicious.For the entree, I temporarily suspended my usual vegetarian-pescatarian diet for a Filet Oscar (filet with crab served on top).  Medium rare as requested, as was my fiance's delmonico.  Again, delicious.  I should also mention here that the potatoes au gratin side dish were phenomenal and highly recommended.At the end of the meal, we were presented with a complimentary champagne toast and four mini "pot o' creme" desserts.  These were incredible and somewhat like a ganache.  We finished our experience with another bottle of champagne and three desserts to share between the four of us:  chocolate hazelnut cake, cheesecake, and creme brulee.  I have to say that this cheesecake is some of the best I've had and it has to to with the crust and the creme-brulee-like topping.  Definitely a must-try if you order dessert on your visit.  Our desserts were also on the house, in honor of our friend's job and my fiance and I's recent engagement.This meal was probably the best all-around I've had in Charlotte, and perhaps anywhere.  Excellent food, outstanding service.
5	Steak! Steak! Steak!  This is the place that I brought my fiance to propose to her.  Everything was set up perfectly.  The entire staff was in on it.  They set me up a special table in the corner, and even served us a free bottle of celebratory champagne.  The food here was delicious, the wait staff attentive, and the wine always filled.  They also served me one of the best porterhouse steaks I've had in my entire life!  It is a bit pricey but well worth it!
5	It's been many years since we've been to The Capital Grille.  My employer used to treat us during the holidays after we worked 12-15 hour days/nights decorating the lobby for Christmas.  It was my first time trying calamari and the Stoli Doli - both sublime.  As was everything else I consumed.  I've been wanting to return since then, but budgetary restraints prohibit.  Hopefully we'll go again someday.
4	I'll be honest- we only ate here because we were given a $100 gift card. This made a ridiculously expensive restaurant cost about as much as it would cost us on an average night out. We skipped drinks and dessert (we were really too full of other stuff anyway!) and our bill still came to $114 before tip. I was surprised that the dress code was so casual for such a nice place; my husband and I dressed up (hey, it's not every day that we eat so fancy!) but we saw folks there in shorts and flip flops, too.We started with the delicious bread, and calamari. The calamari was spicy, and it would have been better with some sort of dipping sauce, but I guess that isn't classy enough for the Capital Grille! I just squeezed lemon juice all over my plate and it was delicious.I ordered the citrus-glazed salmon for my entree, with a spinach salad and warm bacon dressing on the side. The salmon was a very generous portion that was very well done. I'm very picky when it comes to salmon and I found this to be fresh and delicious. The salmon also came resting on a generous bed of asparagus, onions, etc. which was an unexpected surprise as we'd been told that all sides were a la carte. I definitely could have skipped the spinach salad, just because I already had so much food and we were staying in a hotel without a mini fridge. But the salad itself was delicious- more of a dinner portion than a side, actually.My husband ordered the steak and lobster. At $49 it was one of the more expensive entrees on the menu, yet is was a LOT smaller than my salmon (which was $33). He was disappointed at the size for that price, actually. But it still managed to be large enough that he couldn't finish it, with the bread and calamari he'd already eaten. The steak and lobster were both delicious, though.The service was impeccable. Our server, Denise, was friendly and attentive and very knowledgeable. I would highly recommend the Capital Grille for anyone looking for a nice steak or seafood dinner.
5	We ate here before the Coldplay concert. We had a party of 8 and the service was perfect! The restaurant was packed and we were served in a very timely manner. The food was fabulous. The wine list was even more impressive! I can't wait to go back. I didn't get to enjoy dessert. Next time!!
3	I'm sorry Capital Grille I really wanted to give you four stars but I just couldn't bring myself to do it. Your dining room is very nice and your staff so very polite and accommodating as saints.I'll echo what Adam R. said and say that steakhouses are not usually my dining preference when choosing a place to eat at but I had really enjoyed the good eats at the Capital Grille Generous Pour event recently I decided to give it a shot. Warmly greeted at the door and reservations confirmed even though we had arrived a bit earlier than expected, their hospitality is as good as ever. The problem is I didn't exactly enjoy my meal as much as I would have hoped even though I still had a good time surrounded by friends and family.Appetizers came out in a very timely manner once menu choices were made. I chose clam chowder based on a recommendation. Well it wasn't amazing but it wasn't bad either, a well made clam chowder is one of my favorite things to eat so this was a bit of a let down. My entree a Kona crusted dry aged sirloin was perfectly cooked and served with a nice composite shallot butter how old school! The only problem is that they didn't cook all the steaks as well as mine. One person had ordered a medium steak and it came out well done and extremely charred (It was comped when she mentioned it and the waiter and manager were very sorry and concerned about this so I'll have to thumbs up them for handling a situation so graciously). The shallot butter though didn't really add anything to the dish for me and the steak wasn't so flavorful that it could stand on it's own. The best part of the meal? Dessert! But not my dessert, I was talked up on the ice cream and decided to order it instead of creme brulee. Well that was a major mistake on my part. My whole meal had been heavy and if I had went with sorbet I might have been able to finish it, but I decided on ice cream. Peanut butter, chocolate, and vanilla ice cream was just too much to handle for me and I called it quits after a spoonful of each. The creme brulee was still as addictive as ever from what I tried on someone's plate though!I would go back here just for the service alone. It's really nice to be treated like they really care about your visit. It might be a while before I head back though but cheers Capital Grille!
4	I was recently invited to sample the new Summer Plates menu at The Capital Grille. Now that I am in Charlotte, I was able to try out another Capital Grille location and enjoyed a lovely lunch with my mom in uptown Charlotte. This outpost of The Capital Grille was bustling before noon on a Monday. Many business meetings and lunches are held here and the obviously enthusiastic staff kept things running smoothly and truly went above and beyond even with a close to full a house. At lunch parking is validated for the lot behind the Dunhill Hotel, making it a reasonable $2.The Plates menu features choice of a soup or salad, an entree and a side dish for a set price of $18 at the Charlotte location. For the summer menu, a new entree of seared scallops with sweet and sour tomatoes is available. I love how the scallops are served with a grilled lemon wedge for a citrus taste that goes perfectly with the beautifully presented and cooked shellfish - delicious. The other new additions to the menu include a carrot ginger soup (hot) which I also really liked (the tasty classic New England clam chowder is still available as well) and a tomato and watermelon salad with feta cheese - a refreshing option for a side dish. The Wagyu beef burger with fried egg and crispy onions is back on the menu following multiple requests after it was featured last summer and then removed. My mom ordered this and LOVED it - and she is not usually a fan of burgers at all. The truffle fries go great with the burger, which is really a treat.
5	Somehow my review got moved to the Yelp event page. Reposting here...Every once in a while, you have an experience at a restaurant that's so lovely, you know you'll remember it for years. The meal we ate at the Capital Grille this week doubtlessly falls into this category.I know that Capital Grille is a chain, and an expensive chain as well. I'm not usually super excited about corporate steakhouses (Ruth's Chris: meh), and I usually wouldn't have chosen one for a Restaurant Week outing. However, Capital Grille treated us so well during the Yelp Generous Pour event, we decided to return. I'm glad we did: the food and the service were both amazing.I'll talk about the food first. Their Restaurant Week menu is not very varied: they offer three steak entrees and one salmon dish. However, I don't see that as a downside, since if you're looking for something lighter and/or vegetarian, you're not going to go to a steakhouse, anyways. For my entree, I ordered the Kona-encrusted sirloin with shallot butter.. oh my. This was a good steak, folks: tremendous flavor and perfectly cooked. I've learned that this steak is on their regular menu as well. This could be bad for my credit card. The appetizer of clam chowder was good, if not exceptional. My dessert of creme brulee was delicious. Nevertheless, it was all overshadowed by that steak.Ok, now let's talk about the service. Yes, my steak was amazing, but you can get an amazing steak at other venues. What really set this night apart was the level of service we received. Even though it was Restaurant week, and even though we had nibbled and sipped for free the weekend before, we were treated as well as they could have treated any bank executive or local politician. Our waiter, James, was unobtrusively attentive and poured us multiple glasses of wine on the house. The manager checked in on us and shook our hands on the way out. I've never been treated better in a restaurant, especially when eating a meal at such a considerable discount.In case you can't tell from the above, we really had a fantastic evening. I suspect that we'll be back the next time we have an excuse to splurge.
5	What a truly wonderful restaurant all the way around. It's rare I feel like I've been "wowed" when I go out, but The Captial Grille had that effect and they did so in a way that seemed effortless and second-nature.We were lured in after the recent Elite event (and actually made our dinner reservations within an hour of the event). The ambiance is exquisite without being extravagant, with many formal-looking portraits, iron, and a wealth of masculine darkly-stained wood.The kitchen was spot-on during our visit - not a single thing came to the table that wasn't outstanding. We both started with the bacon clam chowder - smokey and rich. My entree was the filet Mignon, a timeless classic (and a personal favorite). I ordered mine medium rare: my first experience in Charlotte where my steak was brought to me a true medium rare. It's a tender cut that the chefs worked wonders with. A had the dry-aged Kona crusted sirloin - his was equally amazing with explosive flavors. Dessert brought chocolate espresso flour-less cake. Exceptionally rich and decadent - the perfect end to the meal.As an experienced oenophile, I am in heaven at The Capital Grille. The wine selection has no comparison in the area - many, many phenomenal producers represented from around the globe, a survey of the best-of-the-best in wine. We mentioned we had attended for the summer Generous Pour event earlier and paid for it again tonight. This time, though, the server turned it into a guessing game: we'd order one, he'd bring two, seeing if we could identify the mystery wine from the list he recommended with our food. Speaking of the service, TCG is in a league of their own in the area. The staff, who had or reservation, greeted us by name at the door and at our table. The manager recognized us from the week before and made it a point to stop by and welcome us and to wish us well at the end of the evening. Down to the very smallest detail of folding your napkin if you need to leave the table during your meal, this team embodies every stellar trait of the service industry.While The Captial Grille is not in the budget for a regular meal (yet), they are now my first choice for a venue to celebrate and to show off everything Charlotte has to offer.
5	Really exceptional restaurant. Great service and michelin star quality food.Good steaks are expected from a quality steak house, so it's hard to break the standard and really impress me. Their dry-aged steaks are phenomenal. Just for yukks, I used my fork to cut the last half of my steak, and it cut like butter!Gotta reiterate how great the service was. Really top notch professionals - not once did I have to look around for a server when I wanted something. THey anticipated without "hovering." I hate hoverers more than I hate servers who ignore you. There is a fine balance, and Capital Grille hits it squarely.Again on the service - they were very busy, but it didn't seem like it because they were so unflappable.
4	I have been to the Capital Grille the past 3 years for my birthday.  They know this so I get a call every year inviting me back and who am I to say no?  From the minute you walk into the restaurant to the time you leave it's like they put these rose colored glasses on you and all you see is the awesome atmosphere, service, and food.We received 2 complimentary glasses of champagne, and prosciutto wrapped arracini to start us off.  Lobster & Crab Cakes for sweetie and a tomato mozzarella salad for me.  The tomatoes were cut thick and were complimented by sweet cherry tomatoes and a 12 year aged balsamic.  All very well done.  I admit that I did make a mistake.  I wanted to save room for dessert, so I usually order the porcini rubbed delmonico, but I figured a bone in steak was a bit much.  I ordered the 10 Oz Fillet instead and it was served with 2 large shrimp stuffed with lump crabmeat.  The fillet was cooked nicely and the shrimp were prepared to my satisfaction, I just prefer a ribeye, so looking back I should order what I like and have the mindset to take home what I can't finish.  Now, onto the side dishes...the Lobster Mac N Cheese is like heaven on a plate, I don't know or do I particularly care how much butter they add to it, but it is nothing short of spectacular.  Creamed Spinach is also awesome.  Cheesecake for dessert was like it came out of a magazine.  I think someone told me that their Head Chef was a pastry chef in his past life which leads me to believe that their cheesecake at this location is better than most.The service at the Capital Grille is top notch.  They take such good care of you and make you feel like you're the only customer.  I will continue to go back for this reason and encourage everyone to do the same.See you soon Guys!
3	This place is classy .. Ambiance is good .. Service is good too ..I'm not a wine person .. But if you are it's good ..Food -- quantity is good .. I tried calamari .. Which was good.Trio miniature ice cream - ice cream was good , but the cookies served with that was not good .. I kinda of dint like the way they served water .. But overall this place is ok . I don't want to go back again .
2	The ambiance is deliciously dark and a throwback to the grand old days of quality tablecloths and real silverware.The service here was very sub-par.  Perhaps that was because I was dressed like an ignorant tourist that just wanted to be comfortable checking out the city---FYI--tourists have money to spend, too...I hate the fact that most upscale steak restaurants ignores the needs of patrons who want to watch their waistline.My husband likes steak, BUT--- I want to eat healthy.  So, how about some healthy options, Capital?  I had to special order my salad and take off a bunch of junk. There entree-sized salad was fit for a mouse that had already eaten...I  left hungry! Ugh.Plus---my special order came out wrong and I had to (once again) watch my husband eat while I fantasized about how many carbs were in the napkin...Oh, I won't be coming back.  There are too many other great places to spend my well-earned money on.
2	OK, so I Yelp on a curve.My expectations of quality, technique, ambiance, flavor, service, seasoning, skill, knowledge, presentation and value are directly proportionate to the dollars spent and the locality in which it is enjoyed. I can not apply the same degree of criticism at Torchy's for $10 as I do at Per Se for $500 ... although they both deserve 5 stars based on the above criteria.This brings me to The Capital Grille in Charlotte....  Design and decor get high ratings for the old school, old boys steak house feel. However more modern interpretations like Houston's/Hillstone or J.Alexander's score higher and feel better. The service was knowledgeable, but rushed, and not attentive.Not bad in any way but not what I would expect from a place that seems so polished, pretentious and more importantly so expensive. Lets just say I have had much better service for half the price... ( recently Acme in Chapel Hill but I have yet to get to that review)Food ... OK $40 an entree  ala carte, $10 sides, those are NYC, LA, SF  prices. I expect it to be of comparable quality...... Sadly it was not.  The menu list "daily seafood feature", when I asked it was, I was told filet(beef) medallions with scallops .... sorry Chef .... that may feature seafood, but it is not a "seafood feature" !  Between the 2 of us we had - Cedar Plank salmon, slightly over cooked, vastly under seasoned ( my better half rarely salts anything she did this)Bone in NY ordered mid-rare, received very much on the rare side, slightly cold, flavor was good, but undercooked and served with a slightly roasted shallot that was still crunchy (not cooked enough), not the sweet, soft, unctuousness that it could have been.Potato gratin ( $10) needed an extra 15 min. in the oven, the potatoes were not cooked through... and there was a very very strong raw garlic flavor, AND there was plastic wrap inside ! .. In fairness I understand this happens occasionally and it and the dessert were comped, however I see a trend of sloppiness with the food that should not be happening at this price point.Grilled Asparagus ($10) it was ok ... but just ok. Dessert creme brule, ......nothing special...  thin  not very crisp carmel, made worse by too many wet berries, and a strawberry fan garnish which even in the darkly lit dining room (as opposed to the kitchen) I could see was past its prime.it was a $50 dinner for more than $150, so I think that "Meh. I've experienced better" sums it up ............ 2 stars
5	No matter where you are, you can always depend on a capital grille to be top notch in every aspect. Came here on a trip to Charlotte, and just like every other capital grille experience, it was pretty much perfect. I had a card for a free appetizer from a capital grille in Philly, so I was able to to use it at the Charlotte location for a free appetizer. I ordered the calamari and as always it was delicious. In addition to this they give you a plate full of freshly made potato chips that are delicious. Between both of these it made for a perfect happy hour along with their awesome rum selection.The service at this location was extra good being that there was a hint of southern hospitality added to an already great service experience. The bartender was quick, attentive and kept the drink glass full after seeing I was getting low. Great experience and I look forward to visiting the next Cap Grille in a different city.
5	Really fantastic steaks and a lively upscale crowd make this downtown old school style steakhouse a winner. It's a meat lover's paradise and often has a bustling bar with upscale business people drinking $14 martinis and lots of talkative business crowds in the dining room. The decor is intentionally stuffy (old men oil paintings), but the superb service and lively tables drinking vino & laughing make it a winner. Perfect for Platinum Cards and big per diems. Great wines! (It's a close second to Fleming's for Steaks and sides, however, this place has a much more lively bar and dining room.)
4	The Capital Grille in downtown Charlotte is an excellent restaurant with fine service, welcoming people, and great food. Just be ready to pay the piper when you leave!Ambiance: This place is a fine establishment, which you notice walking in. They greet you warmly, take your coat, and do the right things when you enter.The restaurant was quite busy, and noisy as well. We were fortunate having a large group, so we were seated in a dining area where we could close a set of doors. This helped tremendously!Wine choices are plentiful, they did a fine job with mixed drinks and everyone was pleased with the drinks.Food was also excellent. We had several appetizers and they were all good to excellent. I really enjoyed the Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella with Vine Ripe Tomatoes. Slightly crispy, and delicious.For the main, I chose the 10 oz. filet, which came perfectly prepared. The pumpkin cheesecake for dessert was very nice, but a little too sweet I think.Overall, the meal for our group was excellent. The price for this meal was over our normal expectations, even for Charlotte. It was the only slight disappointment in our group's evening.
4	I had lunch at Capital Grill and was pleasantly surprised by the menu options that included fish and other non-meat items. The service was impeccable from the moment we stepped into the restaraunt. I was surprised that it wasn't more crowded but there was an ice storm brewing outside, which could have forced people to stay in. Even though I begrudgingly went to Cap Grill because my boyfriend wanted a steak, I enjoyed myself just as much as he did. I had the salmon salad, which our waiter recommended, and was delicious, and my boyfriend had the filet, which he has never been disappointed by at any Cap Gill. The service stands out at Cap Grill and, as long as you're in the mood for deliciously prepared but simple dishes, you won't be disappointed.
5	OK, now I have a real problem. This place blew my mind and I have thought about it every week since New Years, plotting the next location I intend to visit. If we have a trip coming up, the first thing I do is consult the internet to see if there is one of these restaurants there. I lust over the on-line menu when I am at work; it is food porn. I relive the sensation of that buttery yet crunchy black/blue filet in my mouth. It was the best thing I have ever put in my mouth. I just closed my eyes and chewed slowly. We shared asparagus and out-of-this-world mushrooms. But I was so wrapped up in that filet I can't really recall what my husband had, lobster and tenderloin I think.I am not ashamed to say that I fully intend to (eventually) try everything on the menu. I do not care how much it costs or how much weight I may gain as a result! That is what running is for. And a paycheck. Worth every penny. Service was beyond reproach. No one hovered or rushed us or disappeared at inopportune times. They took away our dirty plates with perfect timing. We did not have reservations far in advance; we got lucky and were able to eat within one hr of calling. Will have to remember that so I don't risk getting shut out on all of my future visits. All this from a chain restaurant!? Now that is really impressive:)
5	I have to be honest... when I first heard the name of this place, I thought it was going to be bar food or something pretty typical. My honey decided to surprise me for restaurant week and this was the place of choice. I was actually a bit disappointed when he told me since my first idea of their selection was initially incorrect. He told me to dress up, and I was thinking he was crazy or something... dress up for bar food?? What? Ok... I have to admit, I'm pretty stubborn, so uttering the words, "You were right" as we walked in the door of this beautiful place wasn't easy. I felt as if I were an actress in the silver screen era with the beautiful artwork, and almost royal looking furnishings. The lights were set to a low romantic level and the place was buzzing with a sophisticated crowd. When we walked in and I got over the romantic candle lights flickering lazily in the dining area. The hosts and hostess were super attentive and We told them we had reservations. We were told there was still going to be a wait.,which I figured may be the case for restaurant week. They had some chairs to the side so we sat to the wayside, and watched a couple people get sat before us who came in after us. I went up and asked them for a menu and they realized we had been there for a bit. The hostess was great, and she put us at the top of the list to be sat. She apologized and we were fine. After we sat down we ordered, and the food came out in great time. He ordered the 8 oz Kona Parmesan steak for his meal and I had the Salmon. The sides that came with these meals were spinach and mashed potatoes. Now, I've said that many places were good, and I've given many 5 star reviews, but MY GOD I think they should make an exception for even more stars for some places. When I took that first taste of my salmon... time stopped as my taste buds exploded. I thought it couldn't get any better, and then I tried the potatoes... If foodgasms were real. This is it folks. I'm serious... Capital Grill has the BEST food I have ever eaten in my entire life. I could have wept from the amazingness on my palate. The salmon was so juicy and perfect. The potatoes... oh those potatoes... I could write an entire review on those alone. Perfect. Now the most amazing part and quite possibly the best customer service I have ever experienced in my life. We got our bill and my honey had ordered an All American and then changed his mind and switched to a B&B, both drinks ended up being on the bill. We weren't upset by it at all, but a manager came over when he saw us looking around for our waitress. He asked if everything was ok, and when we explained the mix up, he apologized profusely and told us he would take both drinks off of our bill!! We told him he didn't have to do that because we did have the one drink, but he insisted and said it would make his night to make this right for us. WOW!!! We were amazed!!There is seriously nothing negative I can say about this place, and I think it'll be a great place for any special occasion. Hmmm... my birthday IS right around the corner... :)
3	I would give this place 2 1/2 stars but that wasn't an option so it got 3 instead.  The only reason it got 3 stars was because the desert, proscuitto wrapped mozarella & lobster mac & cheese were very good.One thing to note is that the proscuitto wrapped mozarealla is served hot.  I thought it was going to be cold and one of the reasons I ordered it is that I thought it would be a little lighter.  As it turned out, it was very heavy.  Tasted good, though.  It just wasn't what I expected.Speaking of something that wasn't what I expected, if I had to rate this place based on the steaks alone, I would have given it a one.  Frankly, I've gotten a better steak from Whole Foods.  Also, the steak came with a pool of steak sauce on the side.  If I'm paying 47 bucks for a steak, I don't want any sauce near it.  My wife's filet actually had some sauce on top of it.  Personally, I would have asked for one without sauce.  The menu doesn't mention anything about sauce, they should really let you know about it in advance.
5	As a repeat diner at several Capital Grille establishments across the country, I've come to set my expectations pretty high.  I have been disappointed before and I have been pleased.  Last Friday night was the latter.  We had 7 people in our little group and the staff and the service were exceptional and the food and wine was great.  Many thanks CG !!  We will be back.
3	I blew it. My 1st visit to the Cap, and I didn't order my usual high-end steakhouse staple, a filet.  I realize some steaks are unlike filets, where they are part good meat, and part fat and gristle, but I think I actually got one Capital Grille wouldn't have been proud they served.  Too bad we were in a bit of hurry and I didn't send it back.  The leftover bit I took home was almost all sub-standard.  The service was excellent, as was the rest of the meal, but when the main course is a dud, you can't help but leave disappointed.  It was my 1st visit to the highly-regarded restaurant, and I expected a 5-star experience.
4	The ambiance of The Capital Grille is excellent. It's like you have (or I have) managed to sneak into the old men's club, complete with personalized service from the moment you walk in - assuming you have a reservation, since it might be a bit creepy otherwise.We indeed had a reservation for our anniversary, and from the time spent at the bar before the table was ready right up through the service itself, every moment of the service was outstanding. Armin and the crew were on top of their game. Rebecca did an admirable job of making the night special - even putting together an anniversary desert and picture for us before we left.Each of the main courses was amazing. The only downside was that the sides didn't really live up to the main dishes. Since there was so much food, we probably would have been fine without them, but wanted to have something other than steak. If we go back, I think we might just skip them and go straight for the meat.
4	the food was excellent and both the host and waitress were excellent. most steakhouses like mccormick and schmidt or ruth's chris are pricy and have smaller portions. despite the hefty price, capital grille is the only steakhouse that actually serves you a large enough portion that you feel satisfied. it was definitely worth the price tag. not something i'd do every month but certainly for special occasions.
4	Only my second time here but it was really good again. From making reservations to the valet, the customer service and attention to detail was great.  Our waiter, John, was very knowledgeable about the food and wine selection too.  All of our steaks were cooked as ordered.  The calamari and oyster appetizers were great. The shrimp cocktail were a bit tough to the bite.  Loved the wedge salad; there is something refreshing about the crispness of iceberg and their blue cheese dressing is not over powering with cheap blue cheese. I ordered the Dry aged porterhouse; very tender but there was a strip of gristle through the sirloin, making a third of the steak extremely chewy. After eating our steaks, we were too full for dessert.We will return.
5	Yes please restaurant week for giving me the reason to put on my fancy shoes and valet my late model ride at Capital grille uptown. We had a large group so we grabbed a drink at the bar while we waited on our party to arrive. We ended up enjoying dinner in their private dining room- hello fabulous service and an exclusive feel. This may have not been the best steak I ever had but some of my friends were kind enough to share and their entrees were stand outs. Salads and soups were just so-so but they do their meat right. Dessert was also amazing. Several months later I still remember the service and experience here. Highly recommend if you are rolling in the dough or looking for a special evening.
5	I havent been here in about 8 years due to a bad meal I had long ago that I couldnt shake.  So I decided while I was Uptown having lunch to give it another go...it has been afterall about 8 years.  I have to say I was extremely impressed!  Everything was exceptional and well made.   Our waitress Alex was so sweet and knew the menu well and recommended the lobster bisque which wasnt on the menu.  It was perfection!  HUGE lumps of lobster meat swimming in a rich creamy broth.  OMG..it was so good.  Plus the truffle fries are the best Ive had in Charlotte so far!  The manger Bryce was so nice and accomodating.  He went out of his way to make the experience great.  Will not hesitate to return!
4	Pricey but in a great location with great views. Their food is always very-very good (though, in that area, nothing beats Ruth's Chris). What sets them apart from many others is their calamari (has a Thai red pepper-type sauce on it). It's mouth-watering and amazing. You must get it when you go here. I suggest reservations - it's definitely one of the more popular upscale restaurants. They offer a great brunch too.
5	We had a group of neighbors visit during restaurant week.  The steaks and veggies were just "flat" outstanding.   To us, it was perhaps the best in town. Service was superb.  Will be back soon.
4	Reviews set my expectations high.   All of them were accurate except price.   For what you get I was amazed how low the price was.  There are many other restaurants in Charlotte whose prices are comparable, but the food doesn't come close.
2	After having experienced a business lunch at Capital Grill within the last year, I decided to treat my family (wife and two teenage boys) to a dinner at Capital Grill during Restaurant Week in Charlotte.  I thought is would be a very nice meal and someplace I had not taken them before.  Eating in the best restaurants in town and when we travel is not unusual.  The food was very hit-and-miss and so was the service.  Let's start with the food.  We ordered two appetizers for the table that were not part of restaurant week.  The Calamari and the Mozzarella wrapped cheese.  The calamari was excellent and cooked perfectly.  The Mozzarella was good but not the tastiest or smoothest mozzarella I have eaten.  Both were worthy.  For the first course, my oldest son had the clam chowder which he enjoyed.  The rest of us ordered the mixed field greens salad which was awful.  I have had a better side salad at Wendy's.  It was totally tasteless and un-inspired.  None of us even finished half the portion.  When the waiters helper asked if we were done, we told him to please take them away and how horrible they were.  The three men had the filet for our main course.  It was a very middle of the road filet.  I am not sure if they lowered their quality for restaurant week but it tasted no better than an Outback Steak.  Even my 15 year old recognized the poor quality of meat.  My wife had the Salmon which was better than the filet but nothing exciting.  She only ate half the portion and it was not worth packing up to take home.  The mashed potato side was amazing and the creamed spinach side was average.  The creme brulee and flourless chocolate cake for desert were both amazing.  I would recommend just hitting the bar for these late night after a show.  The service was also only marginal.  A big let down compared to the service received at lunch.  The waiter reached across the table versus walking around, and he plated the food close but not just right so you had to re-arrange the positioning of every dish before eating it.  The atmosphere is beautiful.  I would return for a business lunch but don't waste your time or money on dinner or taking someone you want to impress.
4	Being from out of town, I found myself a bit underdressed for the Capital Grille but none the less was served as if I was dressed to the nine's. The service here is impeccable and done mostly with a smile. My waiter was a bit too serious for his own good but everyone else was lovely.  Food wise, oh my, my, MY! Yum! I had the 14 oz. Bone-In Kona Crusted Dry Aged Sirloin - with shallot butter, which was far more steak then I'd normally ever have in one sitting but wow! It was so good I couldn't even leave a bite left on my plate. Cooked to perfection the meat with sharper taste of the shallot butter just melted in my mouth. It cames with the Sam's Mashed Potatoes & Fresh Creamed Spinach.  The potatoes were really tasty but the spinach I could've done without. This is easily enough food for two!Ordered a Stoli Doli to go with my meal. It's the signature drink at Capital Grille and definitely worth having more than once. And the Flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake! Oh the cake... If people could live without sex by eating this cake, they'd be fat on flavor and taste of this amazing cake. By far one of the best flourless cakes I've ever had, rich in flavor, with the consistency of fudge.
4	Filet mignon. That's pretty much what I get every time we visit The Capital Grille. Long before my hubby and I moved to Charlotte, I came to Charlotte a few times on business trips and each of those business trips included a night out at The Capital Grille.The quality and consistency of the steaks are what keep me coming back. The service is always fantastic and if you happen to mention before hand that you're celebrating an occasion, the staff provides little extras, like decorating your table with confetti, to help you celebrate.Besides the filet, a few of my favorites are Pan Fried Calamari with Hot Cherry Peppers, Creamed Corn with Smoked Bacon,  and Sam's Mashed Potatoes. And I think the Chocolate Hazelnut Cake is a perfect way to end a perfect meal.
5	Its a WOW.....from the moment you open the door, its a pleasant experience.  The decor, the lighting, the way the restaurant is set up, sets the expectation of a fine dining experience.  The Servers introduced themselves, acknowledging you by name.  Everything is explained , care and attention is paid to every detail.  Wine and cocktails were excellent, as well as the appetizers. Soup was out of this world with huge lumps of lobster in it!   Main course was served with care  and inquiries as to if they were exactly as we ordered. Our steaks were cooked exactly as requested and could be cut with your fork.  Outstanding cuts of meat.  The sides were huge and the lobster mac and cheese was outstanding.  Desserts were excellent and again huge portions.  We had so much food that we needed to take a fair amount home.  Which is unusual for us.  The servers took the remaining food, boxed them up in cute boxes, wrote exactly what was in each box and sealed them to prevent  spills.   They were packed into large bags!    The servers in subtle ways, did everything needed before we asked, before we needed it and made it a worry free, no stress dining experience.  Yes we will be back!
4	Went for friend's birthday, my first time. The service was amazing, they went above and beyond to ensure we had an amazing dining experience. They brought out a bread basket to start, I highly reccomend the bread with the carmelized onions on top. We both ordered the current special of Waygu burger and glass of wine for $25 (we chose the Silver Oak Cab) served with parm. truffle fries. Burger was juicy and very flavorful.. served on a perfectly toasted bun with an overeasy egg and soft butter lettuce. We got a side of their dijion mustard and it was a perfect compliment to the burger. No need for ketchup for the burger or fries for sure. Dessert was a flourless espresso chocolate cake (friend loved it, I dont 'do' coffee) and a 'not-NY style' (as the server put it) cheesecake with a brulee top served with fresh berries. The food and the service made dining here an 'experience'... the price point is on the higher side (IMO!) so if you would normally not spend that for dinner I would definately reccomend for a special occasion... it will be my go-to spot for birthdays for sure!
4	For me, Capital Grille is one of those places you hit up for a special occasion or restaurant week. I mean hey, I make hundreds (baller)... so it's not in the budget all the time. The friends and I ventured here last night for the gingerbear's birthday.Let's start with the service. My oh my is it amazing. From the bar, to the table and everything in between... absolutely top notch.Drinks: My knees go weak for an amazing filthy martini. They make it just the way I like it. Bonus: they bring the shaker out to the table and pour it in front of you. Double bonus: blue cheese stuffed olives. I also recommend their signature drink the Stoli Doli martini. Great cocktail. But beware: it's so good you may forget about the fact that it is pure booze. For the wine lovers, the selection is overwhelming... which is a good thing.Food: the pan fried calamari is CG's signature app. My problem here though is that I can not partake in appetizers or else I stuff myself full before the main course arrives. Last night I went with French Onion Soup, split a house salad with my friend and the Sliced Filet Mignon with Cipollini Onions and Wild Mushrooms. We also got the lobster mac n cheese and grilled asparagus. It was all pretty amazing. I may or may not be still thinking about that mac n cheese. Wow, that's a must get side item there.Dessert: I was already full at this point... like throw-a-white-flag-in-the-air kind of full. But then it happened- they brought out a tray with every one of their desserts on it for the birthday boy. I had no choice but to try them all. My personal fav was the cheesecake with berries and a caramelized brulee topping.Many thinks to all of the staff... especially Alisa... at Capital Grille for another great night. I'll be back as soon as my wallet forgives me.
5	I had dinner this past Sunday night at the Capital Grill.  Let me first state that I was  dining solo and was wearing a baseball hat, jeans and cowboy boots. When I entered, the hostess asked me if I preferred sitting in the bar area.  Given what I was wearing and since I was alone, that made perfect sense to me.  I sat at the bar and Richard was my waiter.  I had an absolutely different experience with Richard than was described in a recent post.  He...and the food...made my visit memorable.Let me first say that Richard had to have been one of the most professional, yet congenial, waiters/servers that I have encountered in a long time.  He had the perfect mixture of banter with me---while waiting for food--- while allowing me to have quality time with my food when it came.I do not like onions and indicated that to Richard. He then said that he was going to change some of the bread with my meal as it contained onions.  Nice touch!  A few minutes later someone from the kitchen came over and asked me if I was allergic to onions (which I am not).  I make it a habit to let servers know of my distaste for onions, when appropriate.  Never have I been asked before if I were allergic to onions.  I truly appreciate the C.G. staff for going out of their way to cater to me like they did.Richard also steered me well with food choices.  On my own, I NEVER would have thought of ordering mashed potatoes at a restaurant of the caliber of C.G.  Richard suggested that I have that as a side.  I agreed and am so glad I did.  The best word to describe them was "sublime."  My main dish, salmon, was equally superb.  My only disappointment in the whole meal was that I had two beers which helped fill me up.  Alas, there was no room for dessert.Are C.G.'s price ridiculously high?  Absolutely!Is the food at C.G. ridiculously good? Absolutely!Did Richard help make my visit spectacular?  Absolutely!Will I visit C.G. again?  Absolutely.
5	I went there this past Saturday night in a party of seven that included two kids (12 and 14). I did not know that they had valet parking as that would have been very useful on a busy uptown Saturday night. Anyway, seating was very prompt as we had a reservation.  I was dressed up quite nicely but most of my party were casually dressed and no one felt uncomfortable. They do have a dress code but I understand that they are lenient.  The service was just so impeccable! Prompt but not intrusive, attentive, courteous, friendly but not overly so, just top notch.  Sorry I forgot our waitress name but she was very helpful in explaining the dishes so that even the kids could understand. Well the food was just outstanding also. We ordered a lot of appetizers to share and all of them were  delightful.  Special mention; the Pan Fried Calamari with hot peppers ( that sure didn't last long!), the creamy  Mashed  potatoes (the best I've ever had), the Lobster and Crab Cakes and the Lobster Mac'N' Cheese (just divinely delicious!). We also had various vegetable sides but I didn't sample many of those.  For the main courses, all the adults had different steaks on the menu. Mine was the Steak au Poivre with a creamy French sounding sauce. It was beautifully tender at medium rare and spiced just right. Everyone raved about their steaks. The kids had their Chicken tenders (?) which was not on the regular menu but the waitress arranged it. The ambience was classy but not stuffy. We were not loud but pretty chatty and never felt rushed or uncomfortable. The vibe was bustling but relaxed for the guests. Only one person had dessert, everyone else were too full. The bill ( which I didn't see fortunately, thanks bro!) must have been quite high but it was well worth it.  Everyone was happy, no complaints of any kind. Would absolutely go again on special occasions.
5	Having been here a few times for dinner, Capital Grill is a go-to for food & service. I have enjoyed a variety of entrees here, as well as their bar for signature cocktails and appetizers. This past week a friend and I decided to stop in for a drink at the bar. While enjoying our cocktails, we decided to check out the bar menu. Richard was our server, and he was very attentive & made a few recommendations, one being the smoked salmon. We were sold. He set up a nice dinner display, even though you are sitting at the bar, you get napkin, plate, etc set -up. Our appetizer was delivered and was delicious. The dish comes with smoked salmon, cream cheese, onions, capers, and crostini. It was delicious! I look forward to my next visit, and appreciate that Capital Grille continues to stay true to serving the customer with great food & service!
4	The best steakhouse of all the chains, for sure. Expensive but worth it for special occasions and company functions. Steaks are amazing. Lobster Mac 'n Cheese is the best I've ever had in any restaurant. Bread was fresh and delicious. Au gratin potatoes and all the veg dishes are full of flavor. Staff are ready to meet your needs. It is not a five because we were disappointed in the seafood/lobster.
5	This is heaven for steak lovers like me! High quality and moody...I enjoyed my time very well.
5	I've eaten there twice while traveling on business.  Both meals were outstanding.  The service was perfect and so was the food.  Everything about how this place is run is top-notch.  I highly recommend it.
5	Took my husband here for his bday sometime in the beginning of November. I told then ahead of time that it was his birthday and the did really special things. It was expensive but he was happy the food was great and free v parking. Not bad at all would do it again. He says this place has the best steak. We even got a picture to take home.
5	Loved it again.  This is our second time eating here and it has been fabulous both times.  Really enjoyed it.  Service was awesome!
5	So far the best steakhouse, restaurant I'd ever eaten at. The friendliest service, treated me and my lady like kings and queens. They were extremely helpful with the menu, never rushed us. Our waitress, Michelle, great person, even suggested we share because the portions were huge. She was right, we shared the tenderloin and poched lobster and with an appitizer and desert in was more than enough. I can't wait to go back. A definite choice!
5	I dine here pretty regularly and it's always been amazing. My favorite thing on the menu is the lobster crab cakes. They're an appetizer but I love them so much I often order them as an entree. All the steaks are wonderful. Never had a bad meal here!
5	We had a great night here with out-of-town friends...this was going to be one of many stops on our night out but, once we sat in the beautiful bar area, we ended up staying three hours with our great server, Marc.  The Capital Grille has always been our favorite "chain" steakhouse and the location on Tryon Street is lovely!!  The four of us shared an impressive seafood tower, bone-in ribeye, creamed spinach, truffle fries, and creamed corn.  Marc made a great wine selection.  The whole experience was five star and I recommend any of the dishes we ordered!  This location offers outdoor tables on the very active Tryon Street...great for people-watching on warmer nights.
4	Dropped in for lunch at an odd hour between lunch and dinner. The place was empty so we had the best server to ourselves and a great table.This is one of those places where even for lunch, you are going to drop a dime to eat or drink the awesomeness. I started with a cup of the clam chowder, then had the sliders along with the homemade grapefruit soda. YUM!The french onion soup is really good too. My friend had that.Everything was awesome. Normally this sort of place is too "stuffy" for my style - but I have to admit, the experience is always perfection. Our server brought us over a little amuse bouche' as well - the squash soup - so yummy - it tastes like the season.
5	I've been dying to come here to get my steak on, but the menu prices are downright daunting! This time around we made reservations to partake in their Restaurant Week menu, and it is the most affordable way to experience one of the better restaurants in the area.The Capital Grill may be a chain, but it definitely doesn't feel like it. From the interior decor to the service to the actual food, everything screams upscale fancy-smancy...not something that is usually associated with a chain. We made reservations (highly recommended) and were seated almost immediately.Our server was very friendly and brutally honest. I guess she was forced to try to upsell us a $17 glass of wine but then told us how ridiculous it is and we shouldn't bother with it. When we did choose a bottle of wine she detoured us to a different bottle that was the same price but was more well-received. I'm glad we went with her recommendation because it ended up being an awesome bottle that we would have overlooked otherwise. For the first course of the Restaurant Week menu I had the New England Clam Chowder. I am a sucker for clam chowda and this stuff was great. It wasn't overly heavy with cream and had a ridiculous amount of succulent clam chunks in it. This chowda definitely didn't skimp on the seafood, and the clams, potatoes and bacon were all melded nicely for some of the best I've had in awhile. The missus got the field green salad which was very nice, and came with an excellent champagne dressing that worked very well with the veggies. I was almost a little jealous of her salad, but I had chowder in front of me, so that feeling didn't last long.The Restaurant Week menu was decent for entrees, with a few steak options as well as a chicken and salmon. I ordered the 14oz bone-in sirloin and this was one of the most magnificent steaks I've had in the Queen City. It was cooked to a perfect medium rare just as I ordered it, and it was a tender, juicy, tasty steak with an excellent beef flavor. It was such a huge steak that I only ate half and saved the rest for a leftover dinner the next night! The missus had the Citrus Glazed Seared Salmon. It was a very nice piece of salmon that wasn't overpowering, and the glaze was really tasty. Her plate also came with some roasted asparagus that were cooked perfectly and had a nice sauce drizzled on top. Our table was also served shared side dishes of mashed potatoes and green beans. The potatoes were crazy rich, creamy and delicious, and there were still a few nice lumps mixed within the majority of the velvety mass, making these potatoes freaking awesome. The green beans were also tasty, and were tossed with tomatoes to give it a little extra pop.For dessert we both shared the Cheesecake and Flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake. The cheesecake was actually more like a mousse, and so it was light as opposed to dense. It tasted wonderful and the top is caramelized to give it a crisp bite. It was served alongside a few berries and strawberry glaze, which made one delicious mouthful. The chocolate cake was just as good, if not slightly better. The espresso flavor is very light so if you're not a coffee fan don't be afraid to give this a whirl. The consistency of the cake was more like a chewy fudge, making it extremely decadent. The Capital Grill is the place to go, so long as you have to cash. The food is all excellent and I would love to go back and try some other stuff out. The ambiance, service and food all scream swank, and it definitely feels like it warrants the extravagant price tag.
5	Definitely the best place to get a steak. Sides are family style and very delicious.  They also serve my favorite bottle of wine here (Burly's Cabernet) so to be able to enjoy this wine with a delicious filet is one great evening out!!!
5	I've been to many Capital Grille locations on business, and it's always great, but I was reluctant to select this for my anniversary, just because I consider it a business restaurant.   But I'm doubly glad my wife prodded me into going, as she had never been.   Maybe it's this location, but it's even better than I remember from any other visit.   From the moment we walked in, the service was fantastic.   Michelle was our server, and she made our night.   Friendly, fun, professional.   I had the tuna steak; my wife had the parmesan crusted sole, and my daughter had just the caprese salad.   The tuna steak and sole were just perfect.   Mozzarella in the caprese is made fresh on premises.   Tomatoes were a little under-ripe, but overall still good.  I second the opinion of Rob B. in his review on 1/19 - it's a chain, but it certainly feels like the best individually-owned restaurant around.   And it's not just for business anymore!
5	I have to move this over to my 5-star club.Every experience I have here is just amazing. I love to sit at the bar. Paul is just a tremendous bartender and all around great guy. He takes such good care of us every time we come in for drinks or food.My must get app: the calamari. With the peppers, it doesn't need any kind of sauce. Holy.Item I'm currently obsessing over: the Chilled Seared Sushi Grade Tuna. I always get steak when I come here (I mean duh, why wouldn't you?), but I've recently become addicted to this. Absolutely delicious. I go with the bar menu version. Smaller portion than the entree. I pour the wasabi oil over all of it... then take alternate dipping pieces in the other two. Money.End every meal here with a shot of Sambucca. Trust me on that one.
3	Visited the Capital Grille with friends for dinner. Had the ribeye with lobster tail. Food was okay, didn't really appease the hype that I have heard from it. The lobster tail was  very tasty. Although the restaurant wasVery Pricey, good for special occasions or if you have cash to burn. Would go back.
3	Wen't to Capital Grille for my birthday dinner. I hadn't been here since I was in High School. From what I remembered it was really good. Of course everything is a la carte. I ended up only having Lobster Mac and Cheese. (I'd already had a recovery meal after party #1) It was okay. Could have used a boost in flavor somewhere. Maybe some salt. My biggest concern was my drink. Is that bad? I'm concerned with my drink. Anyway, I ordered a Sidecar. It came in a goblet style glass full of ice. Someone please correct me if I'm wrong. Are Sidecars not to be served up? With actual Cognac? I figured Capital would know better than that. Other than that my large group was served well. They even threw some berries on a platter with my cake that my friends brought. Nice touch. Oh, and we saw celebrities, like face to face. Thank goodness CIAA will be back for six more years!!
4	Came here before an opera of which the waiter was aware. We were courteously rushed but this was okay because we needed to leave at a certain time. Service was quick except when I received the check. It took a little bit for the waiter to pick up the payment and process it. The coffee was served with some spilled on the cup plate.
2	I had never been to CG and decided to indulge myself a little while out of town on business. After a brief conversation with a foodie friend, I was directed to CG over Ruths Chris for a good steak experience. Food: 1 Star For fancy steakhouses, I only have Flemings and Mortons to compare to. I also have the wise words of my father who always told me that only poorly cooked steaks need steak sauce. I've been to Flemings several times and every time it's always come seasoned perfectly. At Capital Grille in Charlotte, to my surprise and disappointment, I got a $60 bill and an unseasoned, tasteless steak to show for it. I did order some bleu cheese crumbles to go with it but it didn't mix well either. I ended up using the bleu for my mashed potatoes which made those a total hit! But to goto a fancy shmancy steakhouse where you (or your company) is charged an arm and a leg and they can't even properly cook your steak for you is just criminal. I am assuming my problem was remote and hopefully only a local problem but it left a bad taste in my mouth for the next time I goto a nice steakhouse. Service: 4 Star Service was great, but obviously, who cares if you get crap at your plate?
5	The food & service are amazing! We have never had a disappointing experience at The Capital Grill. If you're eating light but still want to treat yourself, try the spinach salad with grilled shrimp, the shrimp are HUGE! Happy Eating!
4	Yes, it's technically a national chain restaurant, owned by the likes of the same folks who do Longhorn and its ilk.  But when you're on corporate account and/or just need to impress your lunch or dinner companions, it is very hard to go wrong here both in the wine and food departments.  And the jacketed dinner service?  Well, I always feel extremely well taken care of here.  Aside from one of the best looking bars in all of uptown, the space is amazing, with a partially open kitchen with adjacent wine room and plenty of dark wood and rich, dense carpet.  It very much has that "country club" look and feel to it.  That ambiance easily carries over to the menu, which is small but that just belies how big the typical portions are.  The same should be said for the calorie count of most offerings.  Friends, leave the diet at the door and prepare to splurge, it's just about impossible not to.  From the decadent lobster bisque soup to the crunchy, earthy goodness of truffled french fries, you simply can't stay within a reasonable calorie count for a proper meal here.  So just forget it, and enjoy.Standouts for me include the calamari, served with peppers which are not too hot but add a perfect tang to the rich savoriness of the batter than surrounds the actual rings and other bits of delicious seafood.  This could be a meal unto itself, yet it's just their most popular starter.  Steaks do reign on the entree menu, and I recommend going with the options which include the large chunks of fresh crab meat on top.  Why not take good to great?  But I am currently obsessing over the seared tuna with tri-dipping sauces and gingered rice.  Maybe it's the wasabi oil alone, with the palette cleansing bite that comes with every taste?  Whatever it is, I call it insane and it's a struggle not to order it again and again.But you mustn't stop there, as dessert is just as over the top as everything else in the meal.  Mile-high cheesecake, a decadent chocolate layer cake, creme burulee, and more seasonal offerings.  One is typically plenty to share, or try a few and let the staff box it up for take-home enjoyment afterward.The staff really cater to your special birthday and anniversary events, so long as you let them know ahead of time, so do share that at the time of reservation.  During late summer, they also have a wine event called The Generous Pour.  It's a fantastic deal that I highly recommend- wine all night long for a very reasonable beverage surcharge.  So, chain or not, this place is great for putting on the swag and showing your guests or yourself a fancy meal out.  Something of a Charlotte staple now, these guys are setting a standard.
4	Great filet mignon. I had a chance to try their course meal in their Exchange Room. Some might consider the painting inside the Exchange Room a bit old school but if you appreciate fine art it will only make the experience better.And for those of you who are wondering how good their filet mignon is, trust me. I worked at a 5-star hotel with a Michelin 3-star restaurant. It was good. But the reason I can't give them 5-stars yet is because I haven't had the chance to go back.
4	The Capital Grille was a great experience overall.  The staff was extremely welcoming and courteous.  I had let them know it would be a first date experience and they pulled out all the stops.  They chose a very romantic table setting and the service was terrific.  The waiter was a little overly friendly and was a bit uncomfortable toward the end of the meal.The setting, environment, and welcoming staff were the highlights.  For the price I felt the food could have been better.  For starters we ordered mozzarella and tomato salad and the Caesar.  The salads were both chilled, crisp, and the vinegar and spice balance for the mozzarella was very good.For the entrees we got the salmon and the special bleu cheese encrusted fillet with grilled shrimp.  The salmon was cooked perfectly, but lacking on seasoning.  Where they were short on flavor on the salmon they made up for on the shrimp.  They definitely weren't shy with the seasoning which left something to be desired for the surf of the turf.  The steak was cooked to perfection and was extremely tender.  The waiter had sold the bleu cheese as a cream base infused with pepper and garlic.  Unfortunately it was just a few morsels of blue cheese pressed into the top of the meat.  Still, a VERY good cut of steak.The meal and a bottle of wine ran me $150 which for the service and ambience I believe is fair.  I'll most definitely be going back to give the chef another chance to WOW me.
5	Possibly the BEST meal of my entire life! Hospitality here is bar none. You won't be sorry you chose to eat here.
5	Again, I have to say this place is fantastic.I love the staff, the service, and of course the food. Calamari, Lobster, Crab, and yes, fries. All great. And the service is always just about enough. There are places where you'd rather they stop coming but here, they know when you need them.So, I gave'hem a great review last time on their Exchange Room and Filet Mignon. Now, I must recommend that you eat out in the sun as well. Yes, they have tables in the shade as well.
5	Just celebrated our 39th anniversary here and it was everything we expected. Had the stuffed lobster and it was perfect. Alex was our server and he took special care of us.  We had reservations and our table was ready with heart confetti and candles lit. The chef brought out a appetizer of scallops. After our meal they presented a special dessert with Happy Anniversary written in chocolate on the plate. It was a perfect meal to celebrate together.
5	For my money, there is no steakhouse as consistently outstanding as The Capital Grille. Whether I'm in Atlanta, D.C., or Charlotte, their steaks are always cooked to perfection, their service always world class, and their wine selection second-to-none.My wife and I recently dined at the Charlotte location during the Queen's Feast Restaurant Week, and for the absurdly low price of $30 a person, each enjoyed a delicious 8-oz filet, two sides and a dessert. As luck would have it, our local Restaurant Week happened to coincide with the Capital Grille's Generous Pour event, so we each enjoyed glasses of four different red wines for just $25 each. When the bill finally arrived, we couldn't believe what an incredible deal we just had!I could go on about why The Capital Grille is far and away my favorite restaurant, but you'll have to experience it yourself to understand. There's no better place to celebrate a special occasion, take a client for a business lunch, or just enjoy a fantastic steak.
5	FANCY! I was intimidated by this place on the outside and when we walked in I felt right! My cousin brought me here, and I felt so underdressed in my jeans and tank top, but we sat at the bar for lunch and even though it seems like they're definitely used to a more upscale crowd, the servers/bartenders couldn't have been nicer! I love that the bartender introduced himself, asked our names, and shook our hands, just made it a wonderful experience before we even ordered our food!I had the Chilean sea bass, which tasted like a giant scallop, it was just one of the most delicious meals I've had, and with those mashed potatoes! To. Die. For.LOVED! Can't wait to bring my boyfriend with me on my next trip out here to Charlotte and bring him for a meal!
5	Once again, Capital Grille is leaps and bounds better than any other fine dining restaurant in Charlotte, NC.  I absolutely love this restaurant!  Service is spot on, and the food prepared perfectly.  Scott was our waiter and he is outstanding.  Great sense of humor, all the while very knowledgable of the menu.  My friends and I came to Charlotte to celebrate our friend's 50th birthday.  We started our evening at a lovely table outside with cocktails.  The pineapple infused martini is heavenly.  The Arnold Palmer cocktail was nice, but I probably will not chose that cocktail on my next visit.  The birthday girl had a tasty Bohemian.   The three of us shared a mouth watering ribeye and a side order of lobster macaroni.  I hear this particular side dish is very popular.  We each had a chopped salad.  The salad was a mixture of amazing flavor, but portion of salad a bit large.  None of us finished our salads.We polished off our pleasant dining experience with a glass of cognac.  Heavenly!  Then our waiter Scott surprised the table with a delicious cheesecake and a slice of chocolate heaven on a dessert plate!  Scott was great and our celebration was perfect for our friend.  The road noise was a bit bothersome, but Charlotte is a happening city and I would dine outside again in a skinny minute.
5	Recently enjoyed a great meal  while celebrating our wedding anniversary. The staff made our experience so memorable complete with photograph  of the happy occasion. The welcoming taste of hors d'oeuvres was  just right. Our entrees  cooked to an excellent temperature.  And the sampler plate of desserts with happy anniversary was such a nice touch.
1	I was Extremely disappointed  with Capital Grille. I dine there during Queen's Feast Restaurant Week yesterday. i was very excited because i only heard good things about the place . To Start the evening off there weren't any seat left inside the restaurant so we were escorted to a dining room outside the lobby. There were so many terrible things that occur that evening where do i begin. First the ceasar salad was the worst salad i have ever had it taste like a 2 day old bag salad you get at your local grocery store. it wasn't fresh, i was missing courton in mine. Next it time for the entree.  2 of my  guest ask for a med-rare skin their  steak came   super well done . so dry i didn't know if i was filet mignon or A cheap dry roast beef.  She returned her and it came back out much better . I had the chicken breast that  once i got to the bone it blood and under cook.  and to finish the even off they were out of the cheesecake, and some of the guest  got the flourless coco cake which had molded rasphberry on her plate. yikes . it almost went in her mouth. I would have expect better quality of food for a 4 star restaurant.  She got her meal for free due to all the mistakes. but i didn't get antything for my bloody chicken. I will never go here again. :-(
3	Had a dinner date with my best friend here during restaurant week.  I've never been to Capital Grille so I was excited to try it out.  I have only heard good things so I can't say that I wasn't a little disappointed with a few things...I thought it would be safe to try a place like CG for Restaurant week because it is truly a chance to get more bang for your buck.  However, I am pretty sure everything switched once we said we were there for Queens Feast.  The server had been so polite and accomidating up until the point of our decision to order from the Queen's Feast.  After that moment I don't think we saw him the rest of the night, not even to bring us our food.  Seriously!  You may think I am kidding but I'm not!He brought us bread with literally only 2 small rolls in the basket.  We had bread envy because we could see all the other tables with with bountiful bread baskets!  We figured it was because there was only two of us but the other tables only had two people as well but they had way more!  Well, we ended up asking for more bread and he never brought it.  We asked the other gentleman that was supposed to be assisting with our table as well and he brought it about 15 minutes later.  Our glasses of water were empty the majority of our time there.We both ordered Filet Mignon which was very tasty.  It was warm, not hot when it came out but still very tender and nicely flavored.  We both ordered it medium rare and it was cooked perfectly.  Two sides came with our meal and I think they were supposed to be family style but they were really what you would see if they were served on an individual plate.  The mashed potatoes were sticky/gummy and lukewarm.  They were served in the smallest family style portion I have ever seen.  Unless it was a small family of ants, I would say we got screwed on the potatoes.  The string beans were cold and hard (undercooked) and inedible.  Didn't touch them.The desserts were decent.  The flourless chocolate cake was so rich it was unbearable.  It was the dark bitter chocolate flavor that just wasn't very good.  The small bite of cheesecake was good though.  Just....small.Overall, I would say this experience was subpar, especially for the reputation of the restaurant.  Why does service and quality AND quantity have to suffer because it is restaurant week?  They did all seem overly busy so I understand that everything isn't going to be perfect but we didn't even see our waiter the rest of the evening until he flung our check at us.  I guess I would say it was just overall disappointing.  The steak saved the day.  That was some darn good steak.Not in a hurry to come back....other competitors have won my heart.
1	This place is terrible. We chose to go out to eat here as we had only heard great things about Capital Grille. We will never return to this establishment for a meal again. Our waiter was very nice and the decor of the restaurant is beautiful as well. For starters I got the mozzarella basil tomato salad. It was pretty good so no complaints there. I chose the special of the night for my entree which was three small steaks prepared in three signature ways. I loved two of them the balsamic one was pretty bad but not inedible. Our water glasses were left empty several times which I thought was weird considering how much a meal like this costs. My husband ordered the porterhouse and he asked for it to be medium. Well it was bordering on the side of well-done and I tasted his and didn't like it at all. He thought it was very dry and it wasn't hot it seemed as though it had been sitting around before they brought it out to us. Honestly the steaks he grills from Teeter have more flavor than this dish. This was obviously very disappointing but we just thought ok not worth the money but we would possibly return for the specialty dishes at a future date. The main reason I am giving a one star review is because I woke up in the middle of the night with awful stomach pains and have been sick for the past 10 hours. My husband was nauseas but not as sick as me.  We didn't sleep practically at all last night and because of this i would never ever return here. I would recommend grilling steaks on your own grill and not wasting a ton of money to get an underwhelming sickening experience.
5	This is one of my favorite restaurants. My husband and I frequented this place 1-2x a week and often ate at the bar. Ask for Paul the bartender-he is very competent, but also entertaining. He treated us very well, and always remembers your name. I am a fan of the food. It is quality. I especially like the lobster mac and cheese. Despite its priceness, it is worth it. I am from Boston, and have been to Maine many times, so you can't expect to get cheap lobster in Charlotte, NC. The steaks are good-to be expected, but I was surprised at how delicious the cheeseburger was. I am a big cheeseburger fanatic and the meat is very supple and quality. The added sauces you can dip or put on the burger are a huge bonus. The capital grille is one of my favorite restaurants in Charlotte.
4	I have been here twice now so I think I am able to give a good overview. Ironically, both times I had George as a waiter (a nice asian gentleman)...he is HILARIOUS, and a great waiter. So shout out to him.Pros:Everyone is super friendly, accommodating, etc.PARMESAN TRUFFLE FRIESGreat wine by the glass selectionfast serviceSuper nice waitersroom for improvement:I ordered my steak Med Rare and it was most certainly rare. VERY rare. (I know some people don't know what Med Rare, or Med, etc really means, but I do.)Wedge salad= waste of money. Not really good, bulky to cut/eat.Overall, I will def come back, especially because it's super convenient for my client. I would expect a steak place to cook a steak to my requested temperature and if I had more time I would have probably sent it back to be cooked more.
4	The Capital Grille... I'm a fan. The menu is one of a basic steakhouse (salads, soups, steaks, seafood). Their appetizers are well made, I particularly like their blue wedge salad, but their onion soup is a close second. On the menu for the second course you have to get one of their signature dishes (Kona crusted sirloin or the Porcini crusted Delmonico with aged balsamic - my all time favorite!)Drinks and cocktails are good and they have a good wine list. Their desserts are nothing out of this world (but I'm not a dessert guy). The service is clean and proper.Good place to begin night on the town in uptown Charlotte.
5	We were greeted with " Happy Annversiary" and two glasses of Champagne.  I though the champagne was actually quite delicious.  We had lobster-crab cakes for appetizers.  There was quite a bit of lobster in the cakes and they were scrumptious.  We shared a 10 oz Filet  which was plenty for us.  It was cooked to perfection.  We had scalloped potatoes and asparagus which we took home left overs.  They had one of our favorite wines from Chandon Domaine which I have not seen in a resturant before. They brought us out 2 small desserts: one on each end of plate with Happy Anniversary in the middle.  They took our picture with their camera and provided us with the picture.  Our waiter was superb along with the service.  The managers made sure we were happy by checking on us several times.
4	Took the wife for a nice dinner at Capital Grille.  I love the confirmation email you get when making the reservation.  The place was a little busy and our table wasn't ready despite a reservation so we went to the bar.  Paul the bartender served us stoli doli's(sp?), their signature martini.  It was amazing.  We moved to our table and we split the calamari.  It was solid..not great...the peppers were a little much.For dinner, I got filet Oscar and the wife had the salmon.  Both were cooked well.  We split a side.Pluses - great service, great steak...minuses - waiting for table, calamari peppers, price...sides should not be double digits in price
5	I ate there last night with two friends for a can't-make-the-wedding-so I-want to-do-something-special for you dinner.  None of us were disappointed.  This was my third visit there and, like each time before, everything was superb.  The service was exemplary and the food...it continues to WOW.  My friends each had a steak.  I had the salmon.  We all felt that this was some of the best food we had ever eaten ANYWHERE.Yes, the prices are insane.  But for a special occasion dinner, I can't think of a better place in Charlotte to go.
5	The steak was cooked to perfection  .  Staff  is very friendly. Nice place to hang out.
5	We decided on Capital Grille for our anniversary dinner and I have to say this was one of the best dinners I've ever had.  We started with the lobster and crab cakes, which were served with a cold corn relish and house-made tarter sauce.  I appreciated the huge hunks of lobster in the cakes.  I had that night's special, which was a bone-in tenderloin.  That was the best steak I've ever eaten.  I paired it with the wine suggested by our waiter and the combo was incredible.  My husband had the porterhouse.  We also tried the lobster mac n cheese.  Amazing!!   I'm already looking forward to our next visit.
5	This is my favorite steakhouse! Their appetizers, salad are well made and delicious. The steaks are cooked to exactly to the diner's request. Great place to begin night on the town in uptown Charlotte or celebrate an important event.
5	It's good. Had lobster soup first so later the sea bass didn't taste that great. But I had it packed and ate the rest in the next day, it was soooooooo good!
5	Great dinner tonight with good friends. Lobster bisque, crab and lobster cakes with an added lobster tail, filet and lobster for my husband. Good wine. Richest carrot cake.
5	My business colleagues and I stopped here for Dinner last night.  We arrived at 6 at got a great booth in the main dining room.  Since we are CG regulars, there was no need to look at the menu.  We ordered  Old Fashioned Whiskies, Filets, Creamed Corn and Coconut Cream Pies for Desert.   That was it........pure bliss!This is another fabulous CG location.  The Decor, food and service was awesome as usual.  The Managing Partner Armin Ahrabin was a great host.CG rocks in Charlotte!
5	As far as a LUNCH goes, this is THE BEST lunch I've had in Charlotte since I came here in 2011! OK it's NOT cheap! That is a given. But I got the Ribeye Steak Sandwich with Havarti, Carmelized Onions and Parmesean Truffle Fries. As the pictures show, this was one hell of a "sandwich!" It was about a 12oz STEAK sandwiched in between 2 pieces of bread. UBER flavorful, thick, juicy and prepared perfectly Med/Medium Rare. I struggled to stay awake at my desk after lunch but this was OH SO good! I mean, SUPERBLY good! And it cost $24 with tip, but well worth it!My lunch buddy got their cheeseburger, and that also was DELICIOUS! It had to be at least 10oz, bigger than most, and completely covered in cheese.So if you want to splurge on a great lunch, this is THE place to come! Just bring a high limit credit card! Hey like I say, you get what you pay for!
5	Need no occasion, they make the day/night a special one! Absolute class from the minute your seated! Ambiance, staff and food were spectacular!  Angel our waitress was the best!!
5	All I wanted in life was a juicy, tender medium rare filet. Capital Grille not only delivered that, but also had lobster bisque as a special. Lobster bisque with at least 2 full claws worth of meat in it. Their bread was delicious too. It's expensive and can be a little formal/stuffy, but their food has been consistently amazing every time I've gone.
5	Best ribeye ever!!!
5	The food and service is top notch. I get the same thing every time and it's awesome. Porcini Custer Delmonico, lobster mac and cheese, and creamed spinach. Add some bourbon and I'm in heaven. My wife and I go here for every birthday, anniversary, New Years, etc. Love it!
4	Thanksgiving day dinner plate was pretty good.  turkey was a bit dry but large enough portions for leftovers for sure which was nice.  side dishes were excellent as always.  had to ask for extra gravy, but came fairly quickly.  daughters mac n' cheese was a bit blander than expected but not a bad thing considering it was for a child at the end of the day.service was good, but our server seemed to have to go on break or something for about 1/2 hour 2/3 of the way through our meal which was unexpected.  fill-in waiter was fine until our original guy came back, but the change up was something not expected or experienced before at an establishment of this caliber.the pumpkin cheesecake special dessert was EXCELLENT!while convenient for sure, be prepared to wait awhile to get your car back from the complimentary valet service.  It was not busy when we asked for our car and it easily took 15-20 minutes.overall a nice Thanksgiving afternoon.
5	Is this even a surprise!? Exceptional everything. From my perfectly medium rare fillet to the lobster mac and cheese to the truffle fries. If you don't go for anything else, please oh please GO FOR THE LOBSTER MAC AND CHEESE!!!!! The service is just as exceptional as the meal.
5	Goodness gracious, this place is friggin' amazing.  I wanted to show appreciation by taking my secretary/sounding board/second mother to CG for lunch.  That, and I've been coveting the Ribeye Steak Sandwich ever since Paul C posted Yelp pics.  Paycheck be damned, I was going to have my precious. We started off lunch with calamari as appetizers, and in the words of Chesney: No sauce, no aioli, no problem.  It's tossed with cherry peppers at just the right ratio where you get the fresh fried calamari kicked up with a little heat.  You won't miss having nothing to dip it in, which turned out to be a plus - it's two seconds quicker that you're scarfing them down.As for the sandwich, we've all done this in our reviews - "OMG, like, this filet is soooo good.  Like, I would totes marry it!" or "Dat BBQ doe.  I'm in love."  This sandwich, however, doesn't warrant such amorous affection.  No, me and this sandwich, we're going for it all - double suicide... so we can be together forever and ever into eternity and infinity.  Caramelized onions, Harvarti cheese, and perfectly medium-cooked steak just hanging out between some pieces of French bread.  Hm, forever might not even be long enough.My only regret was scheduling a meeting at 1PM forcing us to cut our lunch short.  In fact, I completely lost track of time due to good eats and good co.  Our server could sense my urgency, and quickly handled the pay process with virtually no wait time.  Impeccable service from beginning to end.  Armeen (sp?), the GM, put together one helluva team - glad I finally paid him a visit.Speaking of paid, lunch was pricey, but well worth it.  So maybe it's a good thing that this was the first time I've been here despite working in the same building for the past three years.  Otherwise, I'd be living out of a cardboard box, taking the Charlotte Trol(LOL)ley, and picking a banjo now in front of Starbucks down the street.  Doesn't sound so bad if you got CG lunches, me thinks.dmo out.
5	Consistently great.  Every time we go, the food and the service exceed our expectations.   And as good as the food is, it's even more about the fantastic people who serve the fantastic food.   Calling it "service" almost demeans the high level of professionalism and friendliness that are the hallmarks of the CG team.  The serving professionals at CG are like old friends that you want to just invite to sit down and chat, and yet their speed and professionalism are unmatched.  Lots of great examples to share, but I'll refrain, other than to say both Michelle and Alex are phenomenal.    The menu is not inspired, but that's very much OK - it is consistently A+ quality.   You know what you're going to get, every time.   CG is a go-to place; as good as it gets.
4	A very beautiful place to dine in casual clothing. The food is well made but not the best I've had. I ordered the plate of mini tenderloins and parmesian truffle fries, and the potato leeks soup. I've had many truffle fries before and these fries tasted like regular fries with a hit of parmesian and truffle oil. However, the sliders were awesome. In spite of the clear flaws, if one has a party to host and a strong budget, then this place is definitely recommended.
