3	Really overall a pretty terrific hotel.  Beautiful design elements fill the lobby, rooms and other amenities.  My only complaint is the freaking place is the size of Texas.  The signage for the room layout is confusing and in the Arizona heat every step could be your last.
5	This was a fantastic hotel..the rooms were very nicely updated and modern.  The Pools were most definitely the most awe inspiring and what  a large layout of property!  I'd recommend this hotel anyone, bus. traveller or family alike.
4	The financial company my boyfriend works for had their holiday party here and I went as his date. You could definitely not see how beautiful this hotel is from Scottsdale Rd. The room the reception was in was OK, but I really liked our room. It was nice and large with a beautiful patio overlooking the pool, had high gorgeous ceilings, incredibly comfortable bed, and well did I mention our room was huge! I didn't get a chance to take advantage of the pool, but maybe in the future! Overall a very beautiful hotel with nice little touches you will appreciate. Like the warm cookies you get at check in! Hell Yes!
4	Thank goodness for the drop dead gorgeous landscaping or the five-mile walk from my room to the lobby area would have been unbearable.  I might be exaggerating (a little) but my room was on the far end of the property and I echo Patrick's comments about the immense size of the place.But this is a wonderful hotel.  The room was large, clean, and very comfortable.  The desk had a real office-style chair to sit in which I appreciated a great deal.  I had a balcony overlooking the putting green and south pool which became a favorite hang-out during my stay. And again, the landscaping is a major attraction.  If you stay, make sure you seek out the "Sedona Desert Cactus Garden" tucked away in a corner of the property.The only complaint I have with the place is the ridiculously high prices for food and drink.  I don't mind paying for quality cuisine but $11 for a martini and $15 for a mediocre hamburger is a little much.
5	WOWZEEWOWWOW!!!!!  This place is nice.  This was the nicest and largest "regular" hotel room I've stayed in.  As I travel a little, I've stayed in several.  HUGE room, balcony with patio-table and 2 chairs, comfy, comfy, bed, a sofa and small sitting area, the standard desk, separate make-up area, small bar sink in the room, bathroom separated from room with a wall and small hallway.Super fast and friendly service from room service and housekeeping. ALL staff on the grounds were incredibly courteous. I can only imagine how much training must go into this- how do you get everyone from the bellman to the front desk staff to the coffee cart lady to the groundspeople to housekeeping to room service to ALL be friendly and professional????? I don't know, but this hotel has managed to do it. Hotel offers a shuttle that runs every hour on the hour to designated local Scottsdale destinations, but if you're really nice, the oh so cool bellman/shuttle driver will drop you where you want to go in Scottsdale (be sure to tip him well for that extra service!).The place is HUGE, and it's not all in one building.  It's sort of laid out like a sprawling apartment complex or maybe college campus.Watch the mini-bar prices, and room service add on charges. Nothing unusual, just the outlandish stuff all hotels charge.Overall, I have nothing to complain about. Nothing at all. The "WOW" factor is truly in effect here.
4	Ok 's Heres the deal..I was a guest for 3 nights at the Doubletree for my High School Reunion.  (I bet they never let us in there again..Go Judson!)I was really impressed with this hotel.  I have stayed many times at the Doubletree near my house for a quick get away in Dana Point CA and that is a pretty good one.  This however took the cake.All of our events were planned at the hotel so I really got to know the place.Our room, 4802 was a great one.  We were at the far end of the hotel, and yes it is a walk, but if you walk through the center of the hotel not along the room corridors it's not that bad.  You pass gardens and fountains and pools and it's something of a pretty journey.Our room over looked one of the pools and the putting green that no one ever used but I watched these cute bunnies doing the mating dance everyday.  So sweet.The room has a large patio and it is covered so you are not blasted by the Arizona Sun.The room itself was very large and with 2 of us and two beds, we were never on top of each other.  In fact since it was a reunion, on several occasions I had over 15 peeps in there and there was plenty of room.  (So sorry next door neighbors)The bathroom was spacious enough for both of us to be in there applying makeup with no problem.  They actullay have drawers for your "private stuff" in the bathroom and the blow dryer is kept in there instead of stuck on the wall.  It was a real blowdryer not a mini with that funky curly cord.The tub was nice and the shower had great water pressure.We were 4 doors down from the presidential suite which is lovely an a great place if you are having an event. we had 200 in there comfortably and it has a pool table on the second floor.The hotel itself reminds me a bit of the Biltmore Hotel in Phoenix and I think was designed by Frank Lloyd Wrights son.The banquet facilities were just about what you expect at any hotel, nothing great, however the dinner served there was nice and very edible.Here are a few things to keep in mind, while there are ice machines close to every room, the only Soda machines I found were near the lobby and a long walk is not what you want when you run out of vodka chaser so stock up at a local store before you get there.  The breakfast buffet is pretty standard but very good although a bit on the pricey side.Sign up for the "Hilton Honors" program online before you arrive, this entitles you to a few perks, the best one of all being a 3 pm checkout which can prove to be a life saver if you've got a late flight.Lastly, the hotel has a car service available from the airport for $30.00 for however many people you have which is a steal compared to Supershuttle at $16.00 a person. (We even asked the driver to stop at a 7-11 for a few things and he did with no problem).  The hotel can set you up with this service.Also the Doubletree offers a shuttle service at no charge anywhere you need to go within I think 3 miles.  There are lots of things to do in downtown Scottsdale and this way you can even have a few cocktails. And not worry about getting behind the wheel.If you are going to be there during the warmer months..bring mesquito repellant.  You will get bit!!If you smoke, be prepared..all the smoking rooms are on the bottom floors where the rooms are very dark.  Get a non-smoking and go outside..you will be glad you did!!I would reccomend this hotel highly.
3	DRAB, BLAH & SMELLY===================I like Doubletree Hotels & Resorts and am a Hilton HHonors Diamond member (highest tier). This Doubletree property looks and is dated. My room, 7211, was on the second floor and when I opened the door, it smelled like a dirty baby diaper (nappy). I actually, looked in to the closet and the trash cans to see if there was a diaper left behind, but, alas, there was none to be found. I ten took off my shoes and the carpet felt damp. Ugh! It's a moldy smell in the this room and not a dirty diaper. While this Doubletree location has large grounds, a pool, tennis courts and a nicely equipped gym, the rooms leave something to be desired. I actually stayed here twice before this year and both stays were just okay and nothing more. My second stay here consisted of my forgetting something in the room. It took two days and five calls to the hotel to get someone to call me back to help me find my lost item. By then, it would've been too late to find it anyway. So, I guess, I'd have to revise my thoughts on this place and say that you should stay elsewhere. Actually, the Doubletree Phoenix hotel at Phoenix airport has great service, provides nice amenities and a free full breakfast buffet. I like it there much more and will move my business stays to that location.
3	Rooms were decent and I thought it was pretty cool being right on the tennis courts.  Cool until - we woke up every morning to the loud ball popping sounds of people playing..  Forget about trying to sleep in!Our room was in the back of the resort and I liked that we could park our cars right outside.  That made it VERY convenient as we were coming and going all day. The outside hallways were seemed a little dirty but the rooms were pretty clean.Another negative?  Super thin walls so you can hear everything from neighbor's conversations to all the water going down the pipes.  Had I paid full price, I'd probably rate this place more like a 2.5, but I got a super deal on Priceline so hence, *** stars!!
4	I booked this place through priceline during the heart of spring training season and the prices were reasonable (less than $150/night).  The hotel reflects local architecture with cacti everywhere.  The room was more than adequate for our 3 night stay.  We stayed at one end of the hotel so walking to the main lobby area did get a bit annoying but our room's location was very quiet and peaceful.  We used both pools/jacuzzi's - very nice and not that crowded.  The coffee bar was great for morning breakfasts.  The location was very convenient - only a few minutes drive to the fashion mall.  Very good value!
3	My boyfriend and I just stayed here for his Birthday weekend, so we would be closer to Scottsdale bars and have an easier time going out.  I read the reviews and got an AMAZING deal from Orbits ($45/Night) so I figured even if the worst review was true, it would still be worth the Super 8 Rate I was paying.  When we walked into our room (7207) I was immediately reminded of the review that said the room "smelled like a dirty diaper". I had completely forgot about that, and honestly if i hadn't experienced the same exact thing, I probably would have chalked it up to a nit-picky reviewer. I mean, rooms can't smell like dirty diapers!? How is that possible?  Oh, but it is. When i saw that his room (7211) was in the same little room cul-de-sac as ours, I knew we basically had the same experience.In retrospect I really wish I would have asked to change rooms, but we checked in late and really had to start getting ready for dinner so I just hoped it would be one of those musty smells you get used to and forget about.  I wasn't too pleased with the fact that the first decision of our vacation was whether we could get used to the funky room smell or not.Other than that, everything was pretty nice. I liked the look of the room, the ceilings were wooden with horizontal beams which gave it a kind of cool rustic effect.  Also, the bed faced the huge patio doors, which made the room seem big and open.  The prices everywhere, including the minibar, were reasonable. We didn't eat at the hotel, so I can't say anything about that, but both bartenders we had at the bars were really friendly.The cookies upon check-in were so good!  That may have been the highlight of the stay.  Not sure if that's a good or a bad thing. Overall, for the price I paid I really can't complain. However, If I would have paid more, I probably would have knocked another star off.
4	NICE RESORT! VERY NICE GROUNDS! NICE POOL TOO!Again, on a family vacation we had the pleasure of stopping in Scottsdale. This place was family friendly and the pool was great.
2	Our room was nice & clean.  The bed was comfortable.  The breakfast buffet was good.  The staff was friendly.But man are those walls thin.  Heard every bit of conversation as the people next door partied late into the night and then one of them dropping a deuce the next morning.
4	Stayed there for a few days for work and had a great time. Pros - Nice rooms, super friendly staff (except the man in the gift shop who was strange and kind of rude), food was excellent in the restaurant, Starbucks onsite and of course, the outdoor hot tubs.Cons - There's not really much around the resort except for other resorts.As I was there for work, I didn't pay for it so couldn't say whether it was good value or not.
3	great clean, huge, and comfy rooms, with a covered patio, and awesome staff. But, pool is HOT in summer, not cool and refreshing as a swim should be, internet is not free in your room ($10/day), walk to lobby is far, mini bar is ridiculously overpriced. do yourself a favor..go to any of the dozens of grocery stores in the area, and buy your drinks. For the price of one bottle of water from the mini bar, you can get a bottle of wine from the store.  Walls are really thin, I can hear a lot of the convo from my neighbors.
3	Got a GREAT deal on priceline (August in PHX=great prices), so I don't feel justified in making too many complaints, but if I had been paying full-price, I would be less than pleased about a few things. It has all the marks of a great resort. It's just really really aged and dated. I would be surprised if they can make it much longer without a major renovation with all the surrounding competition. Bathroom: oddly configured so that the toilet was cramped. Good sink, granite countertop. Shower was a tub/shower. Showerhead was extremely difficult to turn off all the way so it leaked all night. Closet: outrageously giant. I would redesign to give some of this space to the bathroom. Room itself: really, really damp and musty when we arrived. Air conditioner took until the next morning to actually make the room cold (it was set at 60 for 12 hours before it got anywhere near there). Could be a result of a rather deserted place during the summer? Overall, the furniture needs to be updated. There was a large gap between the mattress and where the headboard started vertically. Carpet was atrosh and felt dirty on my feet. Nothing was new. TV was 20" generously and 6 feet from the bed, at an angle, making it difficult to see. Gorgeous exposed wood on the ceiling. Great executive desk space. Clean sheets, but not the softest. Pool area: again, dated, but nice. I could use some more shade in the pool area--no one wants to bake in the 120 degree heat, in the sun. Overall, I  liked the layout. Every room seems secluded from others, which is nice. The staff was nice, but we didn't ask them to do much. Slept through brunch, so can't say anything about the food.
3	got an awesome deal on priceline...$45 for a one-night stay. i LOVE that they give you warm cookies when you check in. the room was very spacious. beds were very comfy. theres a nice little balcony/patio area attached to the room. we were a little surprised to find that there was a delivery charge as well as gratuity added onto our room service bill...minus 1 star. overall it was a great stay.
3	We stayed here over the weekend because we attended a wedding close by and didn't want to drive home. The room was really nice. Clean. Everything you expect of a Hilton property. The property is very nice, but a bit confusing, I got lost finding my room, with a map in hand! The bride and groom had the after party in the hotels lounge, the staff on hand looked very displeased to be there and were mumbling about the wedding party arriving. The bride and groom gave the hotel fair notice that this would happen so they could staff accordingly. I guess the lounge doesn't see much action and the staff didn't want to really work. Whatev. We went to eat breakfast at the restaurant the next morning and it was INSANELY over priced! $14 for a freaken waffle? You are nuts! All in all, its a nice place. Close to everything if you want to do the touristy Scottsdale stuff.
3	This is a pretty good place in a good location.  I liked the two pools, one with volleyball and two spas.  The rooms are comfortable and clean.My biggest gripe is the lack of high speed internet and/or WiFi.  The "high speed internet" was downloading around 24kB/s.  Terrible.  There is no WiFi in the rooms, and if you could find it within the hotel, it was very slow and spotty.I ate the breakfast buffet here every day and it's pretty good.
4	I guess my review is sort of biased since my husband & I got married here last year, but here it goes! About 2 weeks ago I contacted Allison (catering manager) about our complimentary room for our 1st anniversary. She booked the room & said it was all set, yay! We arrived at 4pm sharp this past Sunday. I love their lobby with it's automatic doors. The cookies they give you upon check-in are so good & warm too! I love that they have free parking also. We drove around to our room which was located on the 1st floor, I would have preferred the 2nd floor so our balcony was private, but oh well. The rooms are nice & spacious. We love the wood beam ceilings. The counter tops at the wet bar & bathroom sink are nice, as well as the big, black framed mirrors. The beds were not my favorite because the mattress & pillows were "squishy" feeling, I like it more firm. My hubby however loved them. There is a decent sized flat screen tv & connection to wifi, although my husband tried to hook up his laptop & wasn't able to get on the internet. Maybe it's an extra charge? My only issue was with the shower, it's a rather tight fit, especially for 2 people & the hot water took a lil while to get going. We ordered room service the night before for breakfast the next morning. I ordered a feast to say the least & with the $3 delivery charge, 21% gratuity & additional $4 tip I left, our breakFEAST was about $60. Holy shit...but what the hell it was our anniversary & the room was FREE! When we checked out (at NOON!) the lovely gentleman at the front desk gave us 2 more cookies for the road, yum. We love the DoubleTree!
1	Stayed here four times over five years. Each time it got worse. Was assigned a smoking room when we specifically asked for nonsmoking. They had a convention and said no other rooms were available. The room stank of smoke, was filfthy dirty with cigarette burns on the furniture, drapes and bedspread.  There were no toiletries. Asked front desk for housekeeping and they never came even after two requests.Stay away!
5	I stayed here for business for a few nights.wonderful resort hotel, very very relaxing.great staff, my room was spacious, clean and inviting.room overlooked one of the pools (right outside)staff is extremely friendly and wonderfulI'd stay here again in a heartbeat.
3	Great beds!  And, the breakfast buffet is decent. Nothing spectacular about this place but good overall.  (Also loved the hot cookies upon check-in.)
4	AZ Road Trip Stop #3Huge Room that opened out to a cement patio with nice lawn chairs and a small table that extends out to a grassy area.Clean and very quiet.An old school Arizona Resort.I am sure there are other nicer newer places but this was just fine especially after using a hotel booking site that offered a huge discount with free breakfast.
5	My buddy got married here and everything was perfect. The outdoor setting the two pools one with a volleyball court and hot tubs. Nice staff especially the bar tenders. The reception room was ok, a little small but still pretty nice.Presidential sweet was ridiculous. My Free upgrade to a king room with a balcony that allows smoking was pretty cool too.   Maybe I'm jaded by leaving snowy Boston to 98 degree palm tree festooned pool sides, but my four nights here felt like a month in paradise.
4	My husband attended a conference at this hotel, and I joined him for the last night.  We had a room with two queen beds, much larger than usual for a 2 bed room, overlooking the tennis court. We loved the fact that the room had black-out curtains to keep the room dark in the morning, and the bed was, as advertised, heavenly -- crisp white sheets and fluffy duvet.  If it weren't for our toddler waking up, I would have lingered in bed longer.  The hotel buffet breakfast, while a bit expensive, offered a great variety of decadent and healthy choices. Watch out for the birds on the patio, though -- they will grab food off your plate before you even finish.  The grounds have a lovely, old school LA vibe to them, including the mod (but very shallow) pool.  It could have used more lounge chairs and shaded areas, though. I loved that the pool was entirely fenced in to keep my toddler out when we weren't suited up. I didn't have a lot of time to explore the surrounding area, but seemed like it was located near some interesting restaurants and very upscale shopping.
3	The Doubletree is the resort we go to when we don't feel like paying to much for Scottsdale resort.  They have good rate rooms if you are a triple A members also.The pools are fabulous just a place to go and hang out for the day if you don't fee like checking out the Scottsdale area.The bed are OK I can't say its the best night sleep, but they do serve their purpose.  The rooms could be nicer, our bathtub had slow drain so I was standing in dirty water while taking a shower.This last stay I did order room service and they said it would take 45 mins, but it took more then an hour for it to get to me and all I ordered was a salad.  They were doing some kind of construction with some of the rooms, so it was noisy during the mid day.
4	Nice place.  We "pricelined" a room for $60, so we probably didn't get the absolute BEST room, but it was nice.  Fast checkin.  Excellent clerk.  We mentioned it was our 2nd anniversary and she gave us 2 drink coupons.  We only stayed one night, so didn't really get to check out everything, but overall, I can't complain.  Don't forget your shower cap, because there wasn't one in the room.  There were wild bunny rabbits right outside our patio.
2	AAA 4 stars???I have stayed here numerous times over the years, and it's very consistent.  So why 2 stars?  Ah, because it's been consistently below average.First off, the hotel is open-air and the rooms open to nature, as opposed to an interior corridor.  During the winter, it's not too bad, but when I go during the summer, it sucks - especially right after checking in and having to trek across the sprawling property (nicely manicured, though it may be) in 120 degree weather.  I also hate the wifi service.  I tend to scoff when a hotel says they have "high speed" Internet because it's usually akin to dial up.  Granted, it's speedier than the 14.4kbs (yes, I'm dating myself), but it doesn't feel a whole lot better.  I'm exaggerating, but if you've ever watched Yelp load over a slow connection, you know my frustration.Another issue I have had is the pool.  Well, not the pool in and of itself.  It's the bands that play until midnight or later.  Priceline must hate me, because I'm always stuck with a room by the pool, and always on a night they have a band.  Wouldn't be so bad, except for the fact I'm always there for business and usually have to wake up at 5am the next day.  Now, I will give this place credit for being a nice plate to rest your head (when the music dies down) and, if you use Priceline, you can end up with a great rate.  However, there are other hotels in the same class and price range that up the ante.  4 stars?  Meh, I've experienced better.
2	I travel to Scottsdale four times a year on business and always stay at the Double Tree. My last trip was below average. The room wasn't clean, the breezeways were dirty, the resort was just a mess. I felt like I needed to get the broom out and help them clean. Even the landscaping was lame. Very disappointed. Next trip out I'll stay at Fire Sky Resort.
3	Stayed here twice and attended a conference during one of those stays.  The resort is an older style, spread out over a large area.  If you get a room in the back, like I did, it can make for a long day if you're attending a conference.I like to be able to go back/forth easily to my room when I attend a conference.  Next time, I'll opt for one closer to the front desk.The rooms are ok, nothing special.  The beds are so/so....I got decent sleep, that's all that matters.The best  part of the stay is the complimentary Cookies at the front desk....yum!Overall, it wasn't bad for the price ($75/night).Return Factor - 60%
4	The wife and I got a room here for fifty or so dollars a night on Priceline and really enjoyed ourselves. Our room had a sliding glass door facing the pool, a very nice pool, and we could just walk out of our room straight into the water... nice. Our room was nice with a comfy bed and modern design, plus there's no parking fee and it right by Scottsdale Fashion. I would have no problem staying here again for a little getaway, I would always prefer Valley Ho, but if the money isn't there this is my second choice for sure.
4	We just returned from a trip to Scottsdale and we really liked this hotel.  The room was really large and the two queen beds were comfortable.  What impressed us the most was the personel.  They went above and beyond to make us comfortable and to help us when necessary.  Waiters and waitresses at the restaurant were really nice as was the bartender and waitress in the lounge.  Check in was fast and friendly.  We thought that the grounds were beautiful and they even had a seperate cactus garden that we enjoyed looking at.We would definitely return to this hotel!
3	Really nice property with spacious and clean rooms, amazing outdoor space with 2 inviting pools! And when you factor in $50 bucks/night on Priceline, it's murder I tell ya!
4	We got in late and had an early departure the next day. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Our room was spacious and the bed was very comfy. The amenities were decent, however there was no shower cap or q-tips. There was Wi-Fi, but it wasn't the best.The outside was beautiful, being surrounded by green always makes the desert better.I didn't get the chance to use the swimming pool.  I would definitely recommend this hotel. Next time, I will make time to be able to use the swimming pool.
3	I am only reviewing the conference facilities. the location was close to home, so we picked a continuing education course hosted at the Doubletree. the auditorium style room was terrible for temperature control...it was a very steeeeeeeep auditorium. the provided sound system was also lackluster. that's about it. not a great room to have a conference.
3	Drink all day, play all night, let's get it bumpin'! We're in Scottsdale, Trick!Here's what I think about this hotel.Pros:1. Lots of Amenities - Tennis Courts, Basketball Courts, Whirlpool, Swimming pool, racquetball, gym, etc. 2. Free Parking.3. Close to Downtown Scottsdale and Fashion Mall. There's a lot of good food to eat around the area4. Free Shuttle - The hotel provides free shuttle within a 2 mi radius. Not a bad perk to have for those that wanna drink downtown. 5. Like all Doubletrees, warm cookie upon check in. Cons:1. Too big. I'm use to high rise hotels, so it was kind of a pain to get around. It's a two-story low rise property. 2. No wireless. I can't remember the last time I was at a hotel that required a wired connection. Plus, the wired internet costs 12-13 bucks a day.3. Paper-thin Walls. We could hear the two brothers in the next room wrestling and smacking each other. Occasionally you'll hear the father scream at them. This started at about 8:00 AM and didn't stop until 11:30 PM. 4. Old. The hotel is a little old. I do like the high ceilings, but all the furniture is from the 70s. Overall this hotel was just okay. The pool area is gorgeous, but other than that everything is a bit outdated. A little about my credentials:I just an average joe, that travels a lot for business and pleasure. I'm an Elite Premier member for United, Gold Member for Marriott, and Gold Member for Hilton Honors Reward. I usually book hotels in the range of 130-160/night depending on location, amenities, and the year the hotel was built/renovated. I'm a pretty reasonably easy person to cater and I don't have very high expectations out of anyone.
3	All in all ok. Couple downsides:- doors lead outside- there is a light right out your door that you cant turn off and a window next to it so there's no way to get a dark bedroom.Things to know:- the pointy part of the water handle for shower should be about 35% into red to get good hot water- most rooms seem to have a balcony- parking near stairs to rooms fills up pretty quick, not so great for a late night.- no wireless internet in rooms- no t-mobile service in rooms- no ability to put bills under door so you have to check out in the morning- Chances are you have a long walk to your room- Health Club/Gym is actually pretty nice, a good number of machines and a free weights section as well
3	From the outside this place doesn't look like much. It looks like an old Mayan temple building in need of updates.The grounds inside are very nice and offer a lot of amenities. Our room was upstairs and faced a patch of lawn used for outdoor banquets. I thought the room was nicely appointed and peaceful. I ate breakfast out on the balcony most days. The workout room had everything I need to do my usual workouts with a few modifications.The north pool area was nice and I enjoyed sometime lying there as well. The hotel has a ton of conference facilities but I was there for pleasure while others attended a conference at the FireSky down the road.I would stay again.
2	Rooms are nice and location is OK.  However, for the price, there is no wireless connection in the rooms, AND, mobile connection to any carrier is practically non-existent   I am staying here for a business meeting.  I must step outside to even make a call on my cellphone.  Interestingly, stepping outside into the central courtyard will not work.  I have to leave my room and get close to Scottsdale Road.  In this day and age,  you'd think that Hilton would have figured out how to deal with this problem.  The desk was very apologetic.  I typically give high praise to Hilton and Hilton Doubletree hotels.  I will not stay here again.  I will not recommend it to my friends.One other thing.  Since I'm a HiltonHonors member, I was given a "Suite Upgrade" option, which I took,  This was a complete waste of money since the only internet connection was in the bedroom part of the suite.  The "parlor" had no connection and without wireless, was a complete waste of money.  What a bait-and-switch on the part of DoubleTree and Hilton.  The suite was a useless appendage.
4	Sweet setup an pool!
3	This hotel is ok, great landscaping, has 2 pool, it was very relaxing, and it is a great location if you want to go downtown Scottsdale, they have a shuttle that will take you there and surrounding areas within 2 miles from the hotel. Although for a Hilton , servicewise I have seen better. I had stayed at the other Double tree locations in Phoenix by the airport, and I loved that location much better, so was the service and the staff at the front desk and concierge were much friendlier...  actually they were great and I would gladly return to the one in Phoenix. :) They could aslo do much better with their Wi-Fi services...
3	No wireless ? You've got to be kidding.  Thank goodness for a hotspot connection from my HTC G2.  I also didn't enjoy the mandatory msg from the hotel phone, insistently beeping until we listened to a long rambling message about checkout procedures.  I have fond memories of this place from the early 90s, and it hasn't changed much, which is both good and bad. The staff as always is consistently nice and very helpful.  A low-scale renovation is rolling across this hotel, so I hope it updates what has become a Scottsdale institution.
3	A person once said, "Arizona is so hot, that the birds don't even fly. They just walk to their destination."That gave me a good laugh because as I looked up into the sky, I didn't see any birds flying.  For the life of me, I am not sure why people would want to live in Arizona because its quite sweltering during the summer.  I felt like a melted snow man.Anyway, as for my stay at the double tree, it was quite pleasant.  I was warmly greeted with a delicious freshly baked cookie and the room was clean, spacious, and had all the necessities.  The staff was kind and the pools were very inviting.  They had a few pools for easy access.  No need to walk to the other side of the land to go for a nice swim.  The pool even had some volley ball nets in the water and beach balls.I didn't go here for fun only though.  I was here for a convention.  They had many rooms for business as well and it was medium sized.  I can't say much for pricing since it was comped but I definitely had a good time.
4	For the price I'm giving it 4 stars. It's this summer season and it was $67 a night. It's not a fancy resort but it had enough amenities to make me happy while I was taking my son back to school. The rooms are spacious & the beds are triple sheeted and comfy. Two clean swimming pools & a decent fitness center. Skip the buffet it's not worth the price. Over all you get a lot for your money.  I will seek this spot out again.
4	Went for a poolside girls weekend. We got a great deal through kayak that made our trip really special even on a small budget. Poolside service was friendly and attentive. Very convenient location- withmiles liking distance of old town scottsdale shops's, bars, and restaurants. The grounds were beautiful, I'd absolutely go back!
3	stayed here for wedding. It was a nice place for a group. Staff was friendly. Room was spacious and pretty clean. Beds were comfortable. The room did take a long time to warm up, since we were there in winter and the nights were cold.  The food/drink in fridge was super-expensive, but I guess that's to be expected.I use a wheelchair and the ADA room was nice except one cannot roll under the sink and you have park the wheelchair sideways. There is a nice full-length mirror, mounted for wheelchair folks.
5	I had the opportunity to visit Scottsdale twice in a ten day period.  After a   very disappointing hotel upon my return I was fortunate enough to find an excellent weekend rate at the Double tree directly from their web site.Prior to my arrival I received an email my room would be upgraded to a suite.  Upon our arrival, I was pleasantly surprised by the largeness of the hotel room and lock off suite.The grounds are extremely well manicured and beautiful to walk around.  When there was an issue with a coffee maker failure the staff was at the door within minutes with a replacement at 5 am.Nachos at the bar/restaurant are an enormous portion and excellent.The only complaint I have is the grounds are like a maze.  although there are maps located through out the property, this was really no joke negotiating walks to the gym and lobby.When returning to Scottsdale area this will be my first choice, it is an excellent option for comfort,  location and cost.
3	would never refer to it as a resort, but its decent for cheap stays with the family.  rooms are a good size, the staff is responsive.  great for people watching based on who can afford to stay here.
2	We stayed there for a week in October. The room was clean and I have no complaints with that however the first night the "pool party" that woke us up in the middle of the night was not fun!. We stayed on the top floor/pool side since we were told it was a quiet side. Um ya....NOT.The pools are wonderful but for some reason the temp of the hotubs at night varied to the extreme of barely lukewarm to "so hot your skin would melt off".We dined at both enFuego and Loggia Lounge. The staff were wonderful and the food was excellent. The nachos and the margaritta pizza at Loggia Lounge were to die for!!! We did encounter an issue with enFuego as we used an entertainment coupon and there was an automatic 30% tip added and it was only my husband and I and there was nobody else in the place. When we inquired about it (nothig stated on the coupon) we were told it was an automatic charge as per the manager. Long story short, my husband had to speak to the front desk manager and finally it was removed and they took our info and told us they'd be getting back to us via email from the hotel manager regarding the hassle(we are long time customers). That was back in October 2012 and now it's the end of April 2013 and we have heard nothing. Next time we are visiting AZ we'll find another hotel.
4	I was in town for business and as per my usual figured out where I wanted to stay and booked through the Hilton Honors site.  When pulling up my first impression was that this was a nice property although it wasn't a "resort" in the normal sense of the word.They offer valet parking which is a bit silly since the entry from the outside rooms are spread out and the valet told me to check in and see where my room was because for the most part it is easier to drive to your room rather than valet the car.  Why have a valet then? Check in was smooth and easy and the Valet was in fact correct I had to drive clear to the other side of the property.  Parking was plentiful so no issues there.  There are no elevators so I had to carry my 2 bags up the stairs which was a bit of a pain.  I'm just used to not having to do this, oh well I needed the exercise.  The room was nice and fairly modern.  Clean with the exception of the balcony and up to date with a nice view of the pool area.  Balcony needed to be hosed down since the local bird decided to use it as a stopping point to relieve themselves.The bed was comfy and the housekeepers keep it well stocked with free bottles of water, seriously in the evening I had them knock on the door for the turn down service with 2 bottles of water and mints in hand, score!  A few words about the AC.  You're in Scottsdale and it was very hot outside so you need a good AC, the AC in these units are awesome draw the blinds and you could hang meat in there.  Only thing was the vent blew straight to and directly at the desk so I had to turn the AC off in order to get any work done.  It was manageable, but a bit awkward.Nice property for the price.  I wouldn't hesitate to book again when I return.
5	One of my favorite Scottsdale resorts, close to shopping and restaurants, friendly staff and I get Hilton points! The breakfast Buffett is really good too.
5	This is a really nice hotel.  It was my first time staying at a doubletree and this was the one to be at.   Their breakfast area was really nice with a big water fountain.  Their buffet breakfast was more than adequate.  They had lots of various fresh fruit (and delicious!) along with cooked items such as eggs, bacon, etc.  They also had cereal and other items available for the buffet.The room was absolutely enormous and felt almost cabinish with the wood beams (if I remember correctly).  P.S. I've traveled a lot since my stay here back in 2012...and this is still the most memorable DoubleTree I've stayed at.
4	Not the best Hilton has to offer, location is good but more than a resort this place looks like a remodeled WWII bomb bunker. Other than that service is the best, most important the beds are top notch and the food is good.
5	Clean, comfortable, friendly.  Love the grounds and peaceful feeling.  Food at the restaurant is fantastic with an excellent wine list.Customer service is exceptional.  When I wanted a Starbucks coffee and the deli was closed the food manager had someone open the store and make me one.  Talk about going the extra mile
3	Whenever we go to a party in Paradise Valley, we book a room here and take an Execucar to/from the party so we have a place to crash.  We don't like driving down the dark, unlit streets of PV and especially if we're going to have a few drinks.  This hotel is very convenient for us to stay in those situations.Luckily, we've stayed here before, so we're familiar with the room layout on the property.  However, the first time staying here is a little disorienting because the buildings all look alike and the numbering system doesn't make sense when you're in the middle of the property.As described in my prior review, the rooms are ok.  They're larger than most rooms by today's standards, but the decor is a bit dated....it's fine for our needs.Return Factor - 75%
1	Beautiful pools are the only thing going for this place.  The reception staff is slow and not especially friendly. The rooms are drab.  In a resort, I expect atmosphere and a sense of place. There was none. The fruit basket I preordered for delivery at check in was never delivered. The availability of service at the restaurant and bar were spotty at best and again not very friendly. Weddings are the priority here and twice during my stay, the staff put me aside so brides could walk in front of me at the reception desk to be served first. On the last night of my stay I came home after a full day out to find my room door ajar. The room was serviced in my absence and one of the staff had not taken the care to properly close my door. My room faced a parking lot and busy Scottsdale Ave. I reported this and got assurances that no one had ever had anything stolen from their room before. Fortunately I did not have anything stolen. I had prepaid for late check out on arrival. On my final day, I returned to my room to find my room keys had been deactivated at the normal check out time. I went to the desk to get them reactivated. Even though the front desk verbally confirmed my late check out when I first arrived and registered, that had now mysteriously disappeared. The room key cards were fixed and I returned to my room to find an un-uniformed staff member milling around my room. She didn't even greet me. Instead she glared at me and barked "when are you leaving?". I told her I had late check out and she stormed out of my room without another word. Terrible staff, terrible location and terrible rooms. This place is a glorified motel. I hope I never set eyes on this place again. It is not worthy of the Hilton or Doubletree name.
4	For the price, this is a good hotel. It's nicely decorated, rooms are pretty spacious, bed is comfortable, room service was fast. Only things I didn't like: walls are paper thin and I could hear everything going on outside my door, rooms are a far walk from the lobby, and on the last day my shower stopped working. It was basically just small drops of water coming out of the faucet, not enough to actually shower with. I called and they said someone could come fix it, but I didn't have time to wait. Overall, it was a nice hotel and I'd stay there again if I needed to.
1	This place is lovely. I have stayed here every year that Mishka Productions' Celebrate Your Life Conference has been held here., and enjoyed the hotel very much. I am sorry to say that this year, it disappoints. The service is abysmal. We have made four requests for items that should already be in the room, and every time it has taken two more calls and literally hours before items were delivered. The room itself is as far away as is possible to be from the conference rooms, and actually, quite tired and dark. I requested a move to a better room, but was flatly refused.  Parking is a nightmare.  Won't stay here again, and will hope to be able to convince my friend, the producer, to find a different place for the conference.
1	Had a difficult experience. The rooms were far from the lobby. Th design was shaped like a maze which required a map just to get to the lobby. It rained and there were one inch puddles in the walkway outside my door.  The staff was pleasant and tried to serve but often promised service that was not timely or never happened. Shuttles promised for transportation were often very late or full.  The bar offered food that was tasty. Two of the bellmen were excellent and sheltered us from the rain with umbrellas and a golf cart. Others tried but were exceedingly busy to offer promo service. Overall it was an effort just to survive this experience. Had I known I would have rented a car just to get to the lobby and to get to nearby areas without waiting.
2	The actual hotel is pretty nice.  It is clean, comfortable, nice pool and nice workout room.  The location is good as well.  My complaint is about the customer service.  They promised us a full refund if we canceled rooms.  We had to cancel some rooms because we had a big group and less people came then expected one of the nights.  They didn't tell us we needed to do a 3 night minimum so we were stuck paying a much more expensive rate for the two nights we stayed there.  They wouldn't do anything about it.  They also didn't have my room available until 4:30.  The staff was very unhelpful altogether.
4	I attended a conference located at the Hilton down the street from this property and stayed here for 5 nights.  The attendees who stayed down the street at the Hilton were frustrated by the lack of soundproofing between the rooms. I never once heard a peep from any of the adjacent rooms during our stay. I had a spacious room - king bed, couch, chair, desk, TV. I also had a dressing area with a mirror & vanity stool separate from the bathroom area. I loved that. The hotel's amenities appeared very well kept up and the staff was friendly. I ate at the hotel buffet for breakfast everyday but probably wouldn't have if I was paying because it is $14. No mini fridge in the room - otherwise it would have been perfect.
4	We were not disturbed at all while staying at this hotel. It's very pretty and has that desert environment and also has a nice grass area where u can watch the rabbits jumping around.
5	My husband and I enjoyed staying a this hotel very much. The check-in staff was great and they even helped bring in our bags to our room. The room was beautiful as well as the grounds. We enjoyed walking around the fountains and swimming in the pool. The hot tub was a serious pleasure. I was very happy the pool grounds stayed open till 12am. Check out time wasn't till 12pm which allowed us time to schedule a massage in the room that morning. All in all I would definitely return.
4	We found this place on Hotels Tonight for $80 for a Sunday night. The location was close to Mills Street & ASU which is right where we wanted to stay. The front desk staff was very friendly and knowledgable about things to do and places to eat in the surrounding area. They also have a shuttle that runs 24/7 that will take you anywhere you want for FREE, pretty cool!The Bad: The bath towels were as rough as sandpaper. Seriously like Motel 6 status. -1 Star #Ouch
4	Here for a meeting and just love this place.  I love how the rooms are like little condos.  Beds super comfortable too and the grounds are clean and gorgeous.  Would come back here again for a meeting or leisure.  Real close to old town and the hotel shuttle will take you there.
1	We made an appointment with one of their events people, Danny, to check out this place as a potential wedding venue. Saturday morning 9 a.m.We showed up, he wasn't there. We waited 20 minutes. He never showed, never called. We waited a couple weeks, never heard from him or from anyone Doubletree. So ... that's pretty rude and disorganized. Blah.
5	I was sooo incredibly impressed with this hotel. We had a large room on the 2nd floor with comfortable bed, pillows, large bath tub, exposed wood ceiling beams, good coffee, hot water, excellent customer service, access to the business center with computers, printers, scanners, and phone- not to mention the hot cookie upon arrival- we drove from out of town and were famished. The grounds were beautiful- all the staff was extremely nice and helpful. I really really cant wait to go back. A++++
1	First of all I stay here every time I visit Scottsdale and the grounds are beautiful as well as the most comfy beds! The previous time we stayed there was what we though a cockroach in the women's shower. Well let me tell you we just stayed again and the cockroaches invaded our balcony! It WAS disgusting! There were 7 of them and they were HUGE! I will not be back after many a stay here. Luis at the front desk could learn greeting skills also. Other than the cockroaches of course we use to love this place....never again!!
3	The pics on their website misled me to book this hotel.  The entrance was grand with the horses statue.  Front desk check- in clerk could use more training, took about 15 minutes.  Drove around back to look for our room which was on the second floor.  Climbed a flight of stairs with our luggage.  Room was basic, nothing like what the showed on the website.  Bathroom was crammed although a spacious dressing area with the closet right outside the bathroom.  Pool and restaurants on site but didn't use them since there were quite a few nice restaurants in the area.
2	How does this place retain a 4 Diamond rating with the following:- Small television in room- Hole in wall- Chipped paint- Room service never even showed up with our order- Front Desk staff with no personality or kindness (except Aaron, he was great)- Short staffed (1 front desk employee answering phones and helping a line of people at 10AM, no Manager on Duty until 2:30? Come on)- Housekeeping barges in your room at 8:15 AM despite DND sign- Broken phone in roomThe pool area and kids play area was great, but with that small exception, this place is a very lovely 3 Diamond joint masked behind a very poorly executed 4 Diamond review.  If this were a 3 Diamond, I would have given it a higher rating on Yelp because it would have met or slightly exceeded my expectations.Price was reasonable at $100 after tax for 2 queens, but for an extra $50 I could have stayed somewhere great - my mistake I guess, thinking they would be due to AAA rating.
4	I've stayed her a number of times for various events.  Rooms are a good size and the staff is always friendly and helpful.Its a little bit older of a property, but centrally located in Scottsdale and easy to get to a lot of things.   Be sure to bring your swimsuit.
4	Stayed a week July 9-16It was not our first stay, but we were as pleased as earlier. Nice, clean and friendly resort. Great pool area (there is 2). Easy to park your car without any additional cost. Large and nice rooms well equipped. They have a wonderful breakfast buffet. Very nice and friendly restaurant employees. Location is also great.
4	Great value especially with the off season prices. Pools were great. Gym was nice for a hotel. Breakfast buffet was top notch with homemade granola and breads.  Room was quiet. Bedding So-so.  Wifi fast!  Bath slightly dated as well as property exterior. Inside gardens were all nice and peaceful. Caution: lots of dark corners everywhere. May not be the best place for single female travelers as room doors are outside with literally hundreds of dark nooks and small corners.
4	The Doubletree was a great, spacious place for a business conference.  The grounds are impeccably landscaped with natural dessert plant areas with giant Saguaro Cacti, tall palm trees and colorful native flowers.  There are winding paths with pools and fountains that sprinkle the landscape.  The exterior of the building has a Native American feel and somewhat reminiscent of Frank Lloyd Wright.  My only complaint that the design of the resort is like a maze.  All of the guest rooms are exterior, and there are so many curves and corners it makes finding your way around the grounds really like going through a maze.  I don't think we ever took the same way to the lobby twice.  It's kind of like you follow the paths and hope you get to the right place.  The resort is very clean and well kept.  The rooms were decorated very simply and tastefully and had beautiful whitewashed beam ceilings.  They also included a patio or balcony to sit out and enjoy the grounds.  Everyone from the hotel from the desk clerks to room service were extremely friendly.
5	Everything about this hotel was top notch! The service truly was outstanding and there to please any way possible. Thank you for [providing everyone of our requests and making our stay very memorable
3	Pretty sweet little hotel. The staff, beginning with the valet was friendly.We enjoyed a private patio and lawn setting for our first floor room.The pools were crowded with Eagles fans on a few of the days!  Seriously, they must have chartered a plane to cheer on their team, and then booked out the Doubletree.  They were having a fun time, lots of laughter and liquor poolside.  There seriously were not two chairs together at the north pool and the south pool was busy, but had some seating in the shade available the one day we had to relax.  So, poor timing for us, but amusing people watching.We enjoyed a spacious room and the bed was really comfortable.The closet was fine for our needs and there was a vanity outside the bathroom, so my hubby was happy.  That meant (we thought) separate areas in which to get ready...Until we realized it didn't.  The large tiled bathroom was more reminiscent of a hospital.  No vanity. No mirror. No toilet lid on the seat. No shelf in the shower for soaps and shampoos, just the teensiest soap holder.  No soaking in the nonexistent bath tub, one of my favorite things to doWe were given a handicap accessible room.  Sadly, we dId not realize that until we were unpacked and settling in.  I would definitely have made a change had we seen the bathroom before unpacking. Not sure what else might have been available though, the hotel seemed full, we decided it wasn't a big deal.  But it kind of was.We ordered room service (dessert)  just once and it was really yummy.  Delivered promptly and, once again the staff was great.The housekeeping staff kept our room looking great.  Another frustration though was the way each standard wastebasket was divided into two. One side for trash,the other for recycling.  Not terribly practical because of the size.  They seemed to constantly be overflowing... Seems like one full receptacle dedicated to either would have been more efficient.  I know. Picky, picky.We would return, making sure we had a more functional space for our needs.  This is a nice, clean, friendly place to stay.
4	I flew in to attend a friend's wedding in the area last weekend and stayed here for a few nights.  The prices were higher then I would like, but reasonable.   This place is HUGE!  I was lucky enough to get a close room, but others in our group had long walks to the other side of the hotel.  The room we stayed in was nice, decent beds, great window/sliding glass doors and view.  We stayed in a double in the Hilton Honors Member first floor hallway and it was rather large with lots of space for luggage.  The wifi was great when you were on it, but I had to continuously log back in on both my phone and iPad, which is a bit annoying, I prefer the wifi servers that let you stay logged in as long as you are connected to it.  The fridge was OLD and did not get cold at all, plus it was an old mini bar fridge and still had all the separators inside, so nothing can sit flat.  The doors on the cabinet were really junky too, I was sure they were going to fall off at some point, luckily they didn't while we were there.  Good luck to the next peeps!  There are 2 pools, so you can pick and choose if one is really busy.  The North pool felt more like the adult pool with lots of lounge chairs, a cocktail/snack bar plus a hot tub.  The South pool has a playground next to it and lots of sand which meant lots of bugs when we were there.  The lobby bar was pretty decent but closes early.  I didn't eat in any of the restaurants, but my friend was excited they had a Starbucks counter in the cafe area.  We did have a catered brunch event in one of the meeting rooms, which was really nice. Food was good and service seemed pretty efficient too.  The hotel location was nice for me, with a few stores within a mile for anything I needed.  (CVS, Trader Joes, a couple restaurants etc)   I would definitely stay there again if I needed to be in that area.
1	Got kicked out of my own room UNDER MY NAME for racist staff employees. Go there if you want redneck, racist assholes
