4	I stopped into the Wok Box Fresh Asian Kitchen the other night on their second day of business. I met the husband and wife owners and they seemed like really nice people that care about their customers. The Wok Box is a Canadian based Franchisor. This is the second Franchise to open in the US.My wife ordered this noodle bowl that we shared and I ordered some spring rolls which were served with plum sauce. The noodle bowl was delicious. The eggrolls came out  a little frozen the first time around. But that was quickly rectified by the owners. I really enjoyed the plum sauce as opposed to the omnipresent orange sauce.They have a couple of kinks to work out. But the place was comfortable and inviting with a self serve soda machine. They have a lot of different entrees from all over Asia; This includes asian po'boy sandwiches. They are a couple of bucks more than the chinese restaurant we normally go to but it's a nice change of pace. It's always good to have options. The attached link is a trade article which gives you some more information:http://www.restaurantnews.com/wok-box-fresh-asian-kitchen-opens-flagship-scottsdale-az-location/
5	Wok Box.  Amazing.  As soon as you walk in you are happily greeted "Welcome to Wok Box!" by the energetic staff!  Then while I was looking at the menu deciding what to order I was greeted by the owner and his wife, they gave me a run down of the menu and I decided to go with the Sweet Mongolian.  After placing my order I watched it go through all the steps of making it, my favorite was watching the wok!  Man that guy was good!  I herd the other employees refer to him as the "Wok Master", I would certainly agree!  Once I got my order, I sat down and started to look around.  That's when I realized how amazing the decor is, beautiful wood design with a very large Asian mural on the wall.Now, lets talk about the food.  Not much to say other then it was amazing!  The beef was extremely tender and the sauce was perfect.  It could not of been better.All in all, Pei Wei will not be seeing much of me anymore!
4	My husband and I stopped in today for lunch. I wasn't really sure what I wanted, but we decided to split because the portions seemed huge. After looking at the menu outside, I decided I wanted their version of beef and broccoli, so we entered the restaurant. The inside is rather small, but it is decorated with bright colors and feels very open. You can watch them preparing the food before your eyes and can see all the ingredients lined up. Luckily, there's a menu above the ordering counter that is visible from almost anywhere in the store. As we waited in line, my order slowly changed from beef and broccoli (with rice) to Mongolian beef (with noodles) to Kung Pao with shrimp. (Due to my husband's subtle and clever persuasions.) I saw Vietnamese Iced Coffee on the menu and was sold. It was quick and easy to place our order and we didn't have to wait long. We ordered it to go, but when it was ready it wasn't packaged to go. An employee was quick to package it up and made light conversation with me. He expressed how much he really enjoys the iced coffee and I agreed - it was really good. I asked if they made it fresh every day and he confirmed that they did. He also pointed to the canisters of coffee that were lined up and talked about the brand a bit. Overall, the customer service was great and I loved my iced coffee. The Kung Pao Shrimp wasn't my favorite, but it could have been because that wasn't what I wanted originally. The portion was rather large - definitely can make two meals out of it. I'll be back for some more coffee and to try some of their other offerings!
5	Really enjoyed our meal here. Tried the Banh Mi and it was super tasty. Value was amazing as well. Vietnamese iced coffee was to die for.
4	First off, let me say that another reviewers assertion that you're better off going to Panda Express is, in my eyes, way off base. Maybe I've been to the wrong Panda??I'm super happy about this addition to the area. It's exactly what the area needed - a tasty, healthy, fast Asian food option. I got the Firecracker noodle bowl with chicken, and it was very good. I have to admit that I was mostly curious because of the "bacon" aspect, and it wasn't all that prevalent in the dish, but there was plenty of chicken, noodles, and veggies and it was all very good. Spicy-wise, it had a little bit of kick, but not overwhelming. It's nowhere close to "Thai spicy."All in all I'll surely be back to try something else. It was a good amount of food, and I wasn't leaving with a greasy gut-bomb feeling that was going to put me in a food coma going back to work.
1	Bad CurryTried this place for first and last time today.  I do red curry and panang at home. Order paste from Thialand, add coconut milk, add fish sauce and palm sugar.  You got curry.  Dont know what they served me for the chicken curry, or my wife for malaysian peanut curry, but tasted sour and like it has a vinegar  base.  Each of us took two bites and threw it in the trash.  Samasosas and chicken ginzo small bites tasted like grocery store frozen.  I had great hope for this place, but dont waste your time.
5	My kids loved it! Do I have to say any more..  My wife went Singapore cashew and I went butter chicken. Food was quick. Staff were nice. Will be back
5	Came here for the first time today. I ordered the Veggie Dun Dun Box. It was so delicious!  Perfect amount of spice, not too overpowering. I would suggest to anyone to at least try it! It was made to order and came out in about 5 minutes during the lunch rush!  I will definitely be coming back!!!
1	Yuck! I saw this place open up not too long ago and was excited to try it out. I went in tonight with low expectations, keeping in mind that this is still a "fast-food type" place, but the food was just awful. I am not a Panda Express fan, so I wouldn't suggest you go there, but you may as well (considering what they serve here)!I ordered Vietnamese Beef Pho, Kung Pao Chicken, and a Vietnamese Iced Coffee.The Iced Coffee was pre-mixed and poured into my cup from a large plastic container; you could get better pre-mixed iced coffee from 7-11 at half the cost. Don't be deceived; this is not what Vietnamese Iced Coffee should taste like.The Pho was very bland and inedible, and is the worst I've tasted in my life (no exaggeration). The broth was completely flavorless; I believe they just used the water they boiled the noodles in. The noodles were thick and mushy. The beef was in cut in chunks (not-sliced) and was very tough. I just couldn't get myself to finish this.The Kung Pao Chicken didn't taste as bad as the other two items, but was pathetic for what you pay. The portion is small; there are only a few pieces of chicken with very little vegetables. The container was mostly sauce and rice....very disappointing.
3	Borderline candidate for the regular lunch rotation.  The price point a tad high and the sauce a little too heavy.
4	OK, *please* read my whole review. Two points to make, A and B.A. In the 90s, in China, there was this hugely popular type of restaurant that served "California Beef Noodles" which everyone in China thought was native California cuisine, but of course, it was just Chinese beef noodles. But, who cares so long as the food tastes good, right? -- I've gone to Wok Box a few times now. For anyone expecting the Chinese/Viet/Japanese/etc. named dishes to taste like the stuff you get in China/Vietnam/Japan/etc. or even taste like what you could get in an American big-city China-town, etc., then you will be hugely disappointed. Not even remote. ***BUT*** if you walk in and DON'T have that expectation, then, as grub goes, it tastes just fine, especially for the price. Compared to the crap you would get for the same price at other joints, the food here is downright great.B. Everything else, the cleanliness, the service, the interior, the quality of the ingredients.... are SUPER! This is a well-managed little restaurant.!Bottom line: As long as you hold tightly the reins on your expectations, this place is a 4 star or better, depending on what's important to you.
2	It's a really good concept but the execution in authentic flavors for each region falls a little short.  Every dish we tried was a bit off.  We had the Indian Butter Chicken, Thai Lemongrass Curry, Samosas (that was probably the best item) and some weird Korean Firecracker Riceball.  (I'm Korean and my Eomma would be like "what the truck is this?")  Kind of reminds me of Trader Joe ethnic food but if you like the real, authentic deal then this place is probably not your speed.
2	Thought I'd give this new place a try located across the street from Target. I've driven by before and it looked new and hip.I must say I'd rather go to Panda Express than eat here and I don't go to Panda Express anymore.The food is cooked by amateurs. I ordered the Dan Dan noodles that come extra spicy. All the spice really is, is Sambal sauce. Like scoops of it. If I wanted noodles with Sambal sauce I could have made my own at home and it would have tasted 10 times better.
4	I brought a groupon to this place after checking their menu & yelp reviews. Brought To-Go a Rice Box - Indian Butter Chicken (I'm an Indian) & a Noodle Box - Singapore Cashew. Had the rice box for lunch & it was just OK - the spice level was decent as promised & the usage of different spice ingredients (definitely not Indian) made the butter chicken "interesting". What pissed me off was the missing Naan bread from the box (Not sure if they missed it intentionally or by accident) - MAKE sure you ask for it next time you order. Saving the Noodle box for dinner (Looks quite promising at this point). FINAL VERDICT: Wanted to try this place cz the menu looked interesting (yes, fusion it is). The place looked well organized & maintained to me. For the quantity, I say they are a little pricey (again, Where is my Naan bread peeps?). I'd probably go here another time just for the "fusion" experience, but NOT anytime soon!UPDATE: Had the Noodle Box for dinner & O.M.G - one of the best I've ever tasted! Perfect balance of flavor & well cooked. Change of plan, I'd definitely visit this place again to try out their other noodle dishes.Dan-Dan, anyone?
2	I like the idea of this place ... a walk-up cafe with mix-and-match options, made to order. Nice.  But, you know, the food actually has to taste good if I'm ever to come back.  And, sorry, I won't.I had the Budha Bowl.  Yes, they inexplicably do not spell Buddha correctly -- what, are they actually trying to brand the word "Budha"?  A bowl of noodles with an obnoxious amount of onions and peppers and few other veggies.  Bathed in a boring "hosin-ginger sauce".  I put the sauce name in quotes because I didn't taste ginger, or any other distinguishing flavor, for that matter ... I'm guessing it is not made on site. A quite-small smattering of mung bean sprouts and a lime on top.  Yawn.
4	Very friendly service. The place looks clean. I like that they have Sriracha hot sauce on every table. The menu is interesting and all over the place, but the thai red curry and the indian butter chicken are both good! I've ordered to-go and I received my food very quickly.
2	We recently used a Groupon for dinner. We ordered the Pho. While it had a good taste, it was not visually appealing. It was missing the resh basil, bean sprouts and green onions. It was a Wednesday at dinner time and only slightly busy so I don't see how they could forget these ingredients. If those items had been included I am sure it would have been excellent. We also ordered the Teriyaki rice box with shrimp, the Mongolian Beef & broccoli with noodles which were pretty good. We also ordered the Dan Dan which was not quite as spicy as advertised.All in all, since it is walking distance, we might return to give it another shot.2-1/2 Stars
5	I like many others had purchased a Groupon for two dinners. I stopped in yesterday around lunch time. I was greeted by a friendly smile behind the counter at the pickup window. Since I had never been here before I told the young man I had a Groupon and he explained to me how it worked etc. There were several people standing around waiting for their food and just a few in the restaurant eating. I asked the young woman taking the orders what was good and she recommended the Cashew Chicken and also a Chicken /Curry dish. So I went with those two choices as well as a Black berry/ Jasmin Green Tea. My dinners were ready to go in about 5 minutes. Everything was delicious! Including the Blackberry tea! It was so refreshing on a hot day and went so well with the meal. I can't wait to try Wok Box again soon.
4	Yum! The curry & steak sandwich were great. Very fresh!
4	This place was suprisingly good amongst the Americanized Asian fusion places I've been to. Ordered 3 or 4 of the noodle dishes, all were solid. The kimchee rice balls were solid as an appetizer. The Vietnamese iced coffee, while great to drink, is really too sweet for me to consider authentic but I'll drink it anyways!Various Asian elements are here, but I've seen more Vietnamese than at other locations. Noodle dishes were fine, haven't tried the pho, and I would not suggest banh mi if you wanted something close to the real deal. Then again, you wouldn't be here if you wanted the real deal =DFor an easy lunch that's different from the everyday sandwich or hamburger, Wok Box has my endorsement.
3	I've been here a few times.I'm a fan of all types of Asian foods.  Wok Box offers a smattering of Vietnamese, Korean, Japanese, Chinese, Thai and Indian inspired dishes.  We've tried a variety of them and all are pretty good. None are particularly authentic but they are what they are.  There's a guy who must be an owner that sometimes brings out the food, and helps here and there.  Dude, you always seem really cranky.   I assume you are an owner because any employee that always seems so dour, wouldn't be allowed to interact with customers.But while the food is pretty good, the bottom line is the bottom line.  There are 4 of us.  For about $50, we could eat at a "real" restaurant so Wok Box doesn't often make the cut for being a regular stop.
5	Think of this as a more upscale version of panda express with a diverse variety of asian cuisine.  Went there on a groupon and had a great time.  The restaurant is very clean and the service was excellent.  Our food was delicious and the portions were large enough for left overs.  Try the kimchi rice balls as an appetizer!
5	Husband loved the Spicy Thai Tamarind and I had the Beef Pho, which was terrific. Staff was nice and stopped by to see how everything was. They guarantee food will be out within seven minutes which is great for when we bring the kids.
5	Full credit because they make specific provision for the wheat-sensitive, vegan, and vegetarian clientele. It's a real challenge to find tasty Asian offerings for a vegan celiac, but we found a couple of pretty tasty alternatives. They use a separate wok, non-wheat soy sauce, and rice noodles for those particular needs. Yay!
4	What a great little place in North Scottsdale.  Good food, with very helpful staff (I think they are the owners) who are always ready to help you with your order or explain anything you might need.  The spicy Dan Dan noodles are fantastic as is the slightly sweeter Mongolian.  The only bad thing about this place is the parking.  The shopping center has a very strange in and out configuration often making it confusing and slow.
5	For quick Asian cuisine, I found the Wok Box to be a perfect place to go for a fix.  The staff was friendly and the restaurant was clean and well laid out.  I had the coconut curry which had a perfect amount of spice and was really good.  It had a little too much rice for my liking but I got plenty of food for my money.  My visit was towards the end of the lunch hour, so it was relatively calm, but I can see the place being a bit of a zoo during busy times, especially with the parking lot being as jammed up as it usually is.  If you can deal with that, give it a shot.
5	I love this little spot. Quick and fresh and a super friendly staff. Wish they would do coupons or loyalty card or something. Seems a bit pricy for what it is but it's delicious.
5	Loved this place, great customer service, down to letting me try the ingredients they were gonna use on different dishes to help me make my decision. Nice fresh, none greasy food, cooked well! Coming back!
3	I went to this place for the first time not really knowing what to expect.  The menu has a different concept in ordering.  I had the teryaki bowl.  It was ok, but not something that I would get again.  My daughter had the sweet and sour chicken and it was great.  I usually get take-out and I think that the sweet and sour chicken would not be good for take-out because it would probably get soggy.  It is great to eat in.
2	The staff was friendly and the place looks clean but food was pretty bad.The place looks like your typical fast casual franchise. It has a well thought out design and it is clean but it certainly feels a bit hollow and fake. The food was pretty bad considering the prices were on par with a standard sit down restaurant. The teriyaki sauce was watered down and extremely sweet (to the point of being sugary). The chow mein noodles lacked any real flavor. The meat was about the same quality you would expect from taco bell and the veggies certainly were not fresh.Bottom line if you are starving I suppose you can eat here but this is just another mediocre chain in a sea of chain "restaurants."
2	It was... OK. I would give it 1 star had it not been for the excellent customer service and nice atmosphere. Food was so so. Not authentic asian. I was happy with the large portion of noodles, but the veggies and tofu was lacking, same with the sauce. It seemed there was no sauce. And it was supposedly a spicy option. :(  So over all, judging the food, I was disappointed. Also I ordered spring rolls to go with my order, and for $15 bucks, I get plain noodles and super basic spring rolls that were over priced. I'd rather just go to a real Thai/Vietnamese place. Sorry. I'm over the Caucasian catered Asian restaurants in this area. I want some real Asian food, with more veggie options as I'm used to getting in Los Angeles and Hawaii.
2	I've been a regular since Wok Box opened this location. The food quality was good when it opened. Now, not so much. I've tried several items on the menu and at this point, I'd rather have Panda Express if I'm looking for a fast food option. The meats taste low grade. The orange chicken is flavorless. The Indian butter chicken has way too much sauce.Today was the final straw. The white rice in my takeout order was so overcooked, it was like eating mashed potatoes. Will not be back here again unless they can get their food quality in order.
3	It's good for the fast-food kind place it is supposed to be. The first time I went, I bought a Groupon and ordered an iced vietnamese coffee, dan dan noodles and singapore noodles. The vietnamese coffee was kinda gross, but I should have not expected much from the kind of place it is. The dan dan noodles were so far removed from the dish the namesake is from that I had a hard time enjoying it. It tasted fine, but not anything I would ever order again.The singapore noodles, also very different from the dish it's named after, were surprisingly quite yummy. It had a wonderful peanuty-sauce and plenty of veggies. I have gone back once more with a couple friends and I ordered the same--the singapore noodles. You just have to order from the menu and try to distance yourself from the dish's name otherwise if you're expecting the actual flavors from the dish's name, you'll be disappointed. The service is always friendly and welcoming. Unfortunately, I probably won't be back for a while because I no longer work in the area.
5	Good food at a good price. Just right for an awesome meal!!  Check it out if your in the area. Plus its right by my work!!!
4	Food was pretty good a little pricey for almost 10 bucks you only got your box dinner enough for one but no drink or egg roll not even fortune cookie.   But it was good I have to say that  it about the same had a Panda Express   But they garnish it with some fresher things.  All in all I'd eat there again maybe for lunch maybe they have lunch specials.
1	Not really a fan. The mongolian beef was blah.  The meat was tough and some parts were crunchy.  The meat is very cheap quality.  Definitely not the same meat that's pictured on their display.  The rice was a bit raw in some of my bites. And overall they drowned my rice in the sauce.  I forced myself to eat half of it.  It's also pretty expensive.  $12 for my rice bowl, soda and 2 small eggrolls.  I would not come back again.
3	The food I've always gotten here is very fresh. Never spicy though. If you like spicy like I do, make sure to find some way for them to kick it up a notch. The food is a little pricey but for me, it makes two meals so I can't complain. The place always seems clean to me.
1	They have a handful of noodle and rice dishes, curry dishes and some asian appetizers like gyoza and spring rolls.  The food is all pretty pricey at around 10 and the portions are smaller with way too little meat.We tried mongolian beef and broccoli which was VERY bland.  I'm not sure if the broccoli was frozen, but there was water at the bottom.  The meat was overcooked so very tough.  We had to use the Siracha to make it edible.The kung pao chicken I got with rice instead of noodles.  It was mostly cabbage and peanuts..  No heat pretty much whatsoever.  I think a school cafeteria probably could have done better.I tried to get bahn mi but the 3 options were lemongrass chicken, chicken teriyaki and steak.  (What, no pork?).Weird place, way overpriced, almost like Pei Wei - I'm not sure which one's worse.
1	This only applies to their pho. It's basically hot water, meat, and noodles. There is no flavor whatsoever.
4	Great food! I enjoyed the rice box they have here. I never really like rice that much but the combination of this meal was really amazing. Cheap too! I would gladly eat here often if I ever spot this place again.
3	Decent tasting food options here. I've tried a few noodle dishes. Flavors are good. But for the price, servings are small. It's an upgraded version of Panda Express - nicer food options and ambiance - in my mind that doesn't justify an average of $12 for a lunch entree + soda.
3	I've always found the food to be very fresh. Read the menu carefully and order what sounds good. My kids love the Terriyaki chicken. Have not had a horrible dish but certainly prefer some dishes over others. I definitely recommend anyone give it a try. I like that the veggies are fresh and crisp. Staff is always helpful and the restaurant is always clean.
2	Servers forgot half of our order... While waiting my husband took our 6 year old twins to use the restroom and  there was no toilet paper or paper towels. He asked a member of Wok Box staff for assistance and was handed a key and a roll of toilet paper and told to change the paper himself... Once he arrived home the sweet and sour sauce was missing from our children's "sweet and sour chicken". He then drove back to the restaurant for the sauce and was told by told by Wok Box staff "What do you want me to do about it?" He voiced his concerns to a gentlemen that allegedly owns the establishment and was given a lukewarm apology and a $10 gift certificate. Overall poor service and experience.
3	I like the concept and the food came out pretty damn quickly, but I probably shouldn't have ordered the Pad Thai. It just wasn't very good. The flavor wasn't right and the noodles were pretty mushy.I would consider trying them out again, probably trying something a little more "safe".
4	Try the Butter Chicken! You'll love it. Fun menu. Excellent service. I've tried many dishes but keep coming back to the butter chicken. The quality of the food is high
2	First the good, they cook the orders up fresh. Now the bad, the beef in the broccoli beef was tough and sparse and the broccoli was still cold in the middle. $11.xx with a drink, I don't see coming back.
5	Great food. Try this place.
4	There aren't too many of these places around, but we love coming here for lunch. My company often gets food to-go from here, and the owners are so nice! They always help out their staff, cook when they are asked, and are often the cashiers. You can tell that this is someone's livelihood, as they take great pride in how the place is kept and the customer service that is given. I always get the Sweet Mongolian because I loooove garlic, and their spring rolls are soo good! We will definitely be back soon!
4	This place is good. We ordered shanghai noodles with chicken and tofu, Indian butter chicken, & kids meal. I like the thick noodles & it was spicy!!! The Indian butter chicken was smooth, curry yumm taste. I like the fact that they made a kids meal plain brown rice and grilled chicken.What I didn't like, their Vietnamese coffee...yuk. When user said "it was to die for", you've got to be kidding me?!?! I consider myself a connoisseur of Vietnamese coffee and that ain't it!!!
4	Food was good, portions were reasonable.  I would eat here again.
5	The food was delicious and incredibly fresh. The Dan Dan noodles were legitimately spicy instead of just a politically-correct chili pepper warning. The prices are fair and the space is very clean and modern. The owner was very patient and helpful assisting us with our ordering. Want to go back already and try the Kung Pao!
3	Bottom line, Flo's has way better food for a comparable price. We ordered to go so maybe it would be better if we dined there? Either way, to go should be prepared to match the quality of dining there.  The food is decent but I didn't think it was good enough to justify the cost.  It was expensive for meh....
1	Not a huge fan.Not a lot of flavor and while it comes out hot.. Doesn't seem fresh. With other options in the area, I don't plan on returning.
5	Highly recommend this place for quick, quality food with great presentation.  Not served in Togo containers lol.
2	If you are in the area and looking for a tasty bite to eat, keep on looking. I ordered the lemongrass curry box with chicken. The box was roughly 75% rice, 20% vegetables, and 5% meat = 100% disappointment. The lemongrass curry sauce was listed as "spicy" on their menu, however, that was far from true. Bland and dry is a more accurate description. I was not able to finish my meal. Was not impressed and will not return.
