3	The food is good and I'm pretty picky.  Stopped in here for lunch.  I was a little skeptical.   The space is quite large and loud and service was a little slow and disorganized.  Just as I was starting to regret the choice, our food arrived.  After one bite, all was forgiven.  I had the portabello veggie wrap.  It was served with salad on the side.  It was really really good.  Fresh ingredients, good flavor, not laden in oil or creamy dressings (most restaurants in Phoenix ruin veggie dishes by loading them down with fat and cheese).   I will come back for lunch just to have that wrap.  My cohort had the Reuben with slaw on the side.  It was also excellent and the slaw was fresh and light.  Despite being a little slow, the service was friendly, and the scene was surprisingly low key.  I came straight from a hike in sweaty outdoor gear and did not feel self-conscious.  Also, the restaurant is so big that I can't imagine there every being that long of a wait, even at peak hours.PS - Do NOT get the oatmeal. I think it is actually one of those instant Quaker microwave packets.  Bad.
4	The previous reviewers reviewed brunch and lunch- so I'll review dinner!Cinco de Mayo brings craziness to Old Town Scottsdale and we popped in here to escape it.  (I think I was lured by the classic rock they were pumping out of the speakers...)  As soon as we walked in the bartender greeted us and we were seated with menus.  The decor and ambiance of the restaurant is great- beautiful glass and iron chandeliers and bright colors.  They have an amazing tequila list- no Cuervo here!- which my husband appreciated very much. We had three tapas plates for dinner, which in some places wouldn't be enough to fill you up, but here it worked.  All three were fantastic, especially the Churassco. We also got the Shrimp Barbados and the Double Dip.  The crab fondue with the Double Dip was delicious, especially when eaten with the cucumbers.  The hummus as a little bit of a punch to it so be careful!  The prices were very reasonable for tapas and you can't beat $5 margaritas. I very much enjoyed Carumba Cafe and I definitely plan on returning.  I think the next trip may be for brunch....
5	This place has been pretty well reviewed already, so I'll just had one note: you have only 6 days left to stop in and enjoy some of the best margaritas $5 can buy. I went here about a week ago with a large group, and apparently during the month of May, each drink on their entire margarita menu is only $5. The list is quite extensive, I recommend the Prickly Pear of the few that I tried (OK, maybe more than a few. What? I had to take one for the Yelp team, and find out which was the best!). They have some great appetizers, too-- like the brie and mango quesadilla. Get in there now for some cheap drinks!
3	Went on a Saturday night and the place was more or less dead. Was later told by someone at our hotel that it is more of a lunch place. Margaritas were good for the $5 cost. We ordered several different items and all but one were good. This is more of a southwest grill type of place and not a place to go for traditional or tex-mex type mexican food.
3	Ate breakfast here. Food was decent, cute patio...Had the veggie omelette with toast. Service was poor. Waited over 30 minutes for our breakfast and no one even apologized. Needed refills and no one came by till we were done with our meal. It was close to our hotel so this is why we ate here, but I prob wouldn't go back.
4	Met my friend for lunch here the other day.  Neither of us ever heard of it, but since we were in the area, we thought to check it out.We sat outside, something that I never do.  The furniture was extremely dirty (we sat on some patio furniture), but that really is my only complaint.  Food was really good...I have been in the mood for grilled cheese lately and theirs was wonderful. (Bacon, tomato, avacado) My friend is a vegetarian and really could get the veggie wrap for a sandwich.  She enjoyed it but the sandwich was huge!It was a great place to hang out and catch up... :)
4	The service frequently sucks but the food, margaritas and tequila selection are always awesome. So we keep going back. You should too.
4	Went there for lunch for the first time and, surprisingly, the service was great.  Hmmmm. . . maybe they have better servers during the day? Don't know  (It was just as busy at lunch as it is at dinner).  Hopefully the dinner servers get it together, because we love the food.
4	I really love Cafe Carumba! I came here for both a lunch and dinner on this trip to AZ. The service is great no matter what time of day. The food is consistently good. I had an awesome burger with portobello mushrooms, brie and pancetta...Yum! I also had the sweet potato fries which are so good! I washed it all down with some heavenly patron margaritas. For dinner I ordered the cobb salad...not my fave. The chicken was tossed in something that tasted like strawberry pancake syrup...it was really sweet. Our waitress was so nice and accommodating. She took my salad back and brought me one with plain chicken which was very good. I also had the beef churrasco-skewers of marinated beef tenderloin, which was delicious. Oh, and of course more patron margaritas.
4	This is one of my favorite restaurants!  It is funky and fun with a great casual decor, and a friendly staff that does not turn over. They even remembered me when I was not able to go for six months!  They knew my drink, my usual seat, and what I usually ordered. Tuesdays offers Tappas and $5 Patron margaritas!  Breakfast is amazing, and dinner is as well.  But, come anytime.  You will LOVE this place!Can I say anything more amazing about this place?   I had a grilled salmon with buffalo sauce the other evening.  It was deelish!  I had wondered if it would be too weird,  but it sounded sooo good, and it was!  The salmon and buffalo flavors blended perfectly.  Yummy!  The owner even bought me a drink, because I try to get everyone I know to this fabulous place.  I LOVE it!
2	When this place was named Jacqueline's , I never had an issue with the place - In fact, they used to have the best muffins, enough to warrant me making a road trip from North Scottsdale just to get a muffin and espresso.Although I realize that there are many good reviews associated with Cafe Carumba, this restaurant simply does not fall into the "foodie" category.I always have an issue with slow service especially when considering that the dining room is half empty. Second issue is the service staff too busy chattering or catching up with the latest gossip, rather than paying close attention to guests.The third issue is having a table that was seated after me, being served before me. And when it took literally forever for my order to arrive, not even an apology was extended. ON top of that, after that near exasperating wait, being charged for an extra order of tortillas.Cafe Carumba is really not my idea of the ideal or cozy breakfast spot. It is amazing what  name change can do to the soul of a place. Okay, I agree and sympathize with the fact that restaurants can have an off day...but I always seem to be the victim!
5	I  visited Cafe Carumba this past Saturday for what could only be described as a delightful brunch. This restaurant seriously blew me away. Not only did it offer a varietal menu the wait staff are personable and made me want to spend the afternoon in the restaurant, in fact  I did. After finishing my breakfast while relaxed and comfortable on my cozy "sofa"-like" chair I relocated to the spacious outdoor patio (don't worry with the mister system you will never feel like your in the heat of phoenix). I switched to nice cold Stella Artois beer which you can get on draft and also sampled the cevici, FYI if you like cevici like real cevici...you wont be disappointed it was so authentic I thought i was on the streets of Mexico with a little spicy flare!! To polish off the day we delighted our sweet tooth with the drumstick dessert...mm...mm...mm..mm...mmm!  Brownie, Ice cream, chocolate and caramel!!! MMMMMMM. Okay so to wrap it up delicious food, great service, good atmosphere and the staff will totally let you hang out all afternoon without bother. Manager Scott....GGTK!! Chef Cyn is doing great things for this restaurant...ask for her home-made Sangria......MMM!
3	Chris and I decided to try Cafe Carumba on a Saturday night before meeting some friends at a nearby lounge. I made reservations via OpenTable that week, but they were not necessary at all because for 7:30 pm on a Saturday, Cafe Carumba was not busy at all. We were seated at a table in the corner against the windows...it was kind of an awkward spot. We had the chips and salsa for an appetizer, which was $5. The salsa had just the right kick for my taste. I had the Mediterranean flatbread pizza as my dinner which was delicious, but how can you go wrong with mozzarella and pesto? It was just the right amount to leave me satisfied but not super full. Chris had the chicken oaxaca as his entree and liked it well enough, but was not blown away. Prices were very reasonable and there were a lot of small plate options. Our bill was $41 before tip which included 2 beers, chips and salsa, the flatbread pizza, and 1 entree.I would go back to Cafe Carumba for a casual meal to sit at the bar and share some of the small plates.
4	Good place for breakfast.  I've never had a bad meal here.  It's very much on the brink of becoming a "trendy" snottsdale place.  They have good food.  They recently started doing alcohol.  The french toast is good and their bloody mary mix is VERY GOOD.  Oh, their COFFEE is like THE best coffee I've ever had.  The only downside (for me) is the hangover crowd on Sunday Mornings.  Lots of FO-HAWKS and trendy looking tools.  :)
4	I used to go to Cafe Carumba a few times a month when I worked in Old Town and I loved it! The food has a unique flavor and the decor is pretty cool. I always get the sundried tomato basil quesadilla. Yumm! It's stuffed with cheese and peppers and it is sooo good. I've had a few other things there as well and have never been disappointed.The service is always really good and quick (I have only been there for breakfast/lunch so I don't know about the dinner rush) One waiter always ends the meal by bringing your check and asking if you'd like to hear a joke or a riddle. Take the joke....it's pretty funny  =)Only downside is that this place is very "scottsdale" if you know what I mean. But I guess that is part of the fun of it. Definitely stop in and check this place out if you get the chance.
4	Went here for breakfast this morning and was pleasantly surprised. I had the huevos rancheros. Not as good as Richardsons, but good.The coffee is strong and the bartender read me very well when he asked if I wanted a shot of Baileys... despite my strong desire to accept, I regretfully declined.The service is fantastic. My coffee cup was filled up at all times, the food came out quick, etc etc etcI just want to point out, however, that this place will now be dubbed "AMbers Bad News Breakfast Spot" ... so any time you have bad news to share with me, just invite me to breakfast here so I can be prepared for the onslaught.
3	they deliver the best breakfast burritos i've had here so far. and their huevos rancheros are quite tasty as well. they have a super solid happy hour for the middle class foodie.
3	I went here with a fellow Yelper who had a fabulous coupon from restaurant.com.  At 11:30 AM, it was one of few places that was willing to serve both breakfast and lunch.I ordered the club sandwich and side salad, she ordered the french toast, and we shared the hummus/crab pate appetizer.  We asked for everything to be brought out at once because we were in a bit of a hurry, and it was all served at the same time.  My side salad was yummy, with all of the non-lettuce accompaniments chopped into tiny little cubes.  The sandwich was on bread about the thickness of a pita and made panini-style.  I loved it: turkey, ham and bacon makes everything better.  The appetizer was a good one to share, but I definitely wouldn't want it all for myself.  I enjoyed the roasted red pepper hummus and my partner in crime enjoyed the crab dip.  We both enjoyed the sliced veggies and grilled pita for dipping.  It was on a huge serving platter sized plate though, and I felt bad leaving so much food behind.The service was good, the patio was wonderful and the food was yummy.  My only complaint is the bit o' 'tude we got from the waiter when we told him we were using the coupon, at the beginning of the meal.  He said it was only good for dinner, even though it didn't say so, then did us a "favor" by honoring it.  Mildly annoying, but nothing that would prevent me from returning.
3	I really really wanted to love this place, instead I just have a moderate crush on it.  Great patio since it's away from the traffic of Indian School.  But that's the only thing great I found.We had dinner on Saturday night, yet there was no hostess in sight to seat us.  The time it took for someone to come bordered on unacceptable.  It was odd since there were very few other diners there at the time.  The gal that seated us was our server.  While she was polite and friendly, I would say we had only average service.  It wasn't terrible, but could have been so much better.  There was another party on the patio, and they seemed to get great service from a different server.We started with the warm brie on artisan bread with a balsamic reduction.  It took what seemed like an eternity to arrive, and yet, it wasn't warm-more like room temperature.  It was enjoyable, but nothing special.  I've made a better brie appetizer at home and a chef, I am not.For my entree, I had the chicken oaxaca.  The chicken was stuffed with oaxaca cheese and roasted poblanos.  The filling had a little bite to it with the chiles and was actually very good.  The chicken breast was fried which added a nice crispiness to the dish.  It was served over a corn chowder.  The chowder was very bland in my opinion.  It had the right ingredients to be delicious, but it fell short.I also tried a margarita made with a pomegranate liquor.  It was enjoyable and packed a punch.  I also tasted my hubby's southwest margarita which had virtually no flavor.  He switched to beer after that.So while I wasn't overly impressed, I did think it was worth another try sometime.  They have a great appetizer menu and I would definitely come back to give it a try for happy hour on the patio or lunch.
4	Came here for lunch the other day. It was my second time here, but my first was a very long time ago... I think when they first opened. I like their menu, many things appealed to me and I had a hard time deciding what I wanted. I ended up choosing the turkey dofino wrap with sweet potato fries. Yummy! the only thing I did not like was the sauce that came with it... I am assuming that it was for the fries but either way it was way to sweet for my tastes:). I will definitely be back!
3	I had a girlfriend visiting this weekend, and we had lunch here yesterday.  I hesitated based on my first visit, but I did want to give Cafe Carumba a second chance.It was really slow to get our drink order taken, but the restaurant was pretty busy.  Since I was with my bud, I didn't mind.  Our server was super friendly when he got to us as well.  We split the club sandwich and sweet potato fries.  The sandwich was really tasty and the fries tasted like little french toast sticks when dipping in the maple sauce.  I was set to raise my rating to four stars when it sort of fell apart.  Our server did check on us once shortly after bringing our meal, but that was the end.  We finished our meals and were long out of beverages, but never saw him again.  After about 15 minutes, another server noticed our table and graciously took our plates.  He offered to have our check sent over as well which he did.  Our bill arrived, we left the credit card out, and it was picked up.  But another 10 minutes or so pass and our original server comes by and asks if we're ready to have him pick up the payment!  What?  We explain he already took it to cash us out.  Finally, he comes back with the credit card receipt for our signature.  Busy or not, this was not a pleasant way to end our meal.  I have noticed on occasion that tables for two sometimes receiver poorer service (smaller bill = smaller tip).  Perhaps that is the case here.I'll stick with my original 3 stars.  While I may come back again sometime, it's not at the top of my list.
4	This place is great. Plus, it's right down the street from my office. Cafe Carumba has great food at a reasonable price with a great atmosphere/patio and friendly staff. If you like burgers, try the Scottsdale Burger with sweet potato fries. It's one of my favorites.
4	In town for Spring Training, a friend and I stumbled in here after checking into our nearby hotel. It is a spacious restaurant with a nice front patio. The only thing that struck me as odd was it was dead at 9pm on a Friday night. Is this just a Scottsdale thing? Do people eat at 5 and go to bed? Weird. Anyhoo, the food! We each ordered a chicken wrap sandwich. It was delicious. Chicken, creamy chipotle mayo, bacon and lettuce. Absolutely scrumptious. Another plus was their happy hour... the margaritas were $5! Awesome deal and quite tasty. Our wrap came with sweet potato fries that were perfection. I would definitely go back here again when in town.
3	This place is right across the street from the Hilton Garden Inn where we stayed during our spring training visit to Scottsdale.  After breakfast at the hotel one morning we decided to try this place out the next morning.  We sat on the patio which was very nice, with a small fountain adding to the ambiance.  I had a basic day starter of poached eggs, toast, bacon, and potatoes (house specialty potatoes cooked w/rosemary) all for $7.50.  My fiance had turkey and avocado eggs Benedict and was very pleased.   The waiter was on top of things but it took quite a while for our food to come even though there were only about 4 other parties there when we sat down (and the restaurant is quite large).  I have only had breakfast here so I can't comment about their lunch, dinner, happy hour service.  our bill ended up about the same amount as having the breakfast buffet at the hotel but the atmosphere and open seating was definitely more appealing than loud hotel patrons on a Saturday morning.
2	The food leans toward the SouthWest and is located near Old Scottsdale.  The place has a couple of patios as well as couches/easy chairs for seating.  Large curved bar with televisions.  Tons of tequila.The place tends to be busy because of its location, however the food is nothing special - burgers, wraps, tacos, etc.  Prices are steep considering what you get.  Service can be spotty depending on time of day.
4	So Saturday morning I decide to take the trek over to Scottsdale Old Town Farmers Market.  Started the morning off with a drive across Glendale/Lincoln, first time I had taken that route in daylight.  It was a perfect morning with temps in the 70s.I do not function well with out food/coffee early in the morning and I took this trip as an excuse to try out another restaurant.  I arrived well before opening so I wandered around and got my bearings, arriving at the door promptly at 7AM.  I was the first customer in the door, entering from Indian School, and the place was deserted so I wandered around a bit when somebody came out.  I asked if I could eat on the patio and once she figured out which patio was ready I was told to pick a seat.  This sort of sounds like poor service but it really wasn't, every body was rushing around setting stuff up and total time elapsed was like 3 minutes.  I gather Scottsdale doesn't wake up early, even as I left at almost 8 there were still very few customers. My server offered up drinks and handed me a menu and in the couple of minutes it took my orange juice to arrive I had made my choice.  Maybe too quick on my part, the menus only get reprinted a couple of times a year and there are items not listed which when I heard them recited to another table sounded enticing.  I had corned beef hash, scrambled eggs, sliced tomatos and and English muffin.  The eggs were nice and hot and not overcooked.  The corned beef hash may be the best I have had in Arizona.  My server checked up on me fairly often.The restaurant is divided up with an indoor seating area/bar, two outside seating areas divided by the entrance to the parking lot and a meeting room, which I did not see inside, but you could sort of guess where it was by subtracting what you could see from the overall size of the place.  I would pick outside almost any time.I would not hesitate to return here.  Both the food and the service were excellent.
3	Went for breakfast for a meeting this morning. Service was good. Corned beef hash was phenomenal. However pricing was a bit steep for breakfast. Have been there for lunch in the past and have had good service and meal as well. I guess prices go with being in Old Town Scottsdale.
5	Cafe Carumba is absolutely one of my favorite places for breakfast. besides a great location, and those awesome brown comfy chairs we always snag, the food is out of this world. I love their veggie omelet and their french toast. Always so good and i think very reasonable in price, considering the area.I went their for lunch once and they have the best sweet potato fries. I would recommend it for either meal. Amazing.
4	Excellent breakfast.  Great staff.
4	Visted twice in the past few weeks.  First visit was for happy hour, and I tried three items at $5 each: the house margarita, the churrasco (steak skewers) cooked medium-rare, and a Tex-Mex take on eggrolls.  LOVED the margarita... one of the best I've ever had!  Really liked the eggrolls (pork, carrots, black beans).  Can't say the same for the skewers, though, as they weren't cooked enough- chewy texture and still pretty bloody, actually.  Yes, I ordered them cooked medium-rare, but I've ordered steak burgers at the same temperature before at a few other places and all came out very edible.  These weren't.  If I were to order them again, and I probably won't, I'd go for medium to medium-well.  On the second visit, I had their cheeseburger, cooked medium-rare, with smoked gouda (wow!), sweet potato fries as the accompanying side, and (subbed) chipotle mayo.  I found the buns used very, very tasty- loved the grilled texture.  Last, but certainly not least, the sweet potato fries were superb!  These were light, non-greasy, no cinnamon-sugar coating, and easy on the salt.  I loved it both ways- at times plain, and other times dipped in the chipotle mayo.  Should I ever have a craving for SPF, I'm heading to Cafe Carumba!  Very friendly service and clean women's restroom.  I'll definitely be back!
4	Walked in to the sound of a couple of guys playing some fun music in the restaurant.  Really set the tone for a nice, casual, relaxing night.  I ordered mango smoothie which really hit the spot after a hot day.   Looked over the new menu.  Lots of really interesting mexican type dishes.  In the end we had the bowl of nachos for appetizers, a Cyn Burger and the Southwest Turkey burger.  It was all perfect.  About the Cyn burger, it is like nothing I have had before.   A real unique combination of Jicama, some kind of goat cheese, and bacon.  It rocked!!  As burger fanatic, I can be critical.  No need here.  The Cyn burger was simply awesome.  Make sure you order the sweet potato fries with it. We were looking for good food in a very comfortable environment.  Cafe Carumba was the right choice and more.  We will be back!!
4	I've been here a few times for brunch and I've found it's kind of hard to go wrong. There is never a wait, you can pick if you want to sit inside or out, and there is usually a pretty fun crowd at all the tables. I've tried the breakfast burrito which is my favorite, it's hearty without being too gooey or stuffed. It's definitely a big meal, so expect to walk away full and ready for a nap. I've also tried the Doctor's Ordered eggs dish (which surprisingly flavorful for something that is considered healthy) and the Huevos Rancheros (which is good but too heavy for me). A few tips about this place: * Get a side of the potatoes, even if it doesn't come with your meal. They are SO good! * As always, I like to start my brunch off with an appetizer of a pancake (because I'm a fatkid) but theirs is not listed on the menu...just ask for it if you want one or an entire order. * This is going to sound weird, but they have great toast. The bread they use is thick cut and delicious...plus they have good jam options at the table. * The service is kind of hit or miss. I've had great waiters (he made me a tinfoil rose) and totally crappy ones (took our order, had someone else deliver the food, and then didn't come to check on us at all...as in we had to get up and go ask other servers for help), just giving you a heads up.
5	I'm picky about Mexican food.I enjoyed the food here.  A lot.So much so, that I would like to come back, daily.But I'm not rich, so I won'tHowever!Here is what I loved when I ate here:1.  Rocky Point Pizza- cheese and shrimp and mango sauce... SO GOOD!!!2.  Spicy jalapeno sausage slider things.  Really spicy.  For realz.  But they have this delicious spicy mayo on them... OMG.  To die for.3.  Mini chimis.  Succulent meat and cheese wrapped in a cute pocket and deep fried.  Need I say anything else.So yes.  I'm a big fan.
4	If you go to Cafe Carumba try the charuscurra (sp) sticks.  And the rocky point pizza.  And the spicy jalepeno sausage slider things.  And the mini chimis.  And the...well try whatever you can but unless you are with a big group for an event you may not that far through the offerings.I attended an event at Cafe Carumba and I was impressed with the food and the service.  I would keep them in mind for corporate gatherings or even a small meeting (they have a private room for such things).The staff at the bar was great as were the servers.
5	This is a review on Cafe Caruma's Happy Hour.5$ appetizers!!! YUM.We had some really great things... but the number one thing I need to recommend (I would really be a jerk if I didn't) are the sweet potato fries. I've had sweet potato fries before... but these not only came with ketchup, but a side of warm maple syrup. The mixture of the fry and syrup was something sweet, delicious and dreamy. It was like, a mini-French Toast... without being soggy.Other highlights... 2$ domestic, 3$ premium draft beers. And I think this is a summer special, but 5$ full size Patron margaritas! Woo woo!
5	It didn't even take longer than 3 minutes into our meal before everyone was thanking me for recommending Cafe Carumba as our lunch venue on Friday. How could I recommend anything else though? It was close to the office, I hadn't been there before, and well, they serve breakfast til 2pm EVERY DAY. There was absolutely nothing disappointing about this experience. A large group of us gathered there on Friday and when I arrived we had received a room in the back all to ourselves with a long table. It was absolutely perfect. Our server was a true gem. We had waters on our table when we arrived and he put up with our wishy washyness when it came to our orders. I started off with a mimosa that, despite being pulpy, which I typically don't care for, was absolutely enchanting. It came in a wine glass instead of a champagne glass. More is better :)As it came time to order I couldn't move past the breakfast menu and thought I had settled on the perfect treat. Then I was told by the server there was an underground breakfast menu that included five different types of eggs benedict. Yes you heard me correctly. I did say five. There was the traditional one, one with avocado, one with portabello, one with crab cakes instead of an english muffin, which a coworker got, and the steak one that I decided to try. When our food first started to arrive we were told it was being brought out as its done so it stays hot. We began to worry that we would be eating without everyone but that worry lasted maybe 45 seconds as instantly the rest of the food was brought out. Silence followed for at least the first 10 minutes aside from messages of thanks and grunts of happiness.The potatoes are as heavenly as everyone says.. you need to have them. I also recommend the eggs benedict with steak instead of canadian bacon. I typically down my breakfast (ask anyone) but I couldn't finish my last eggs benedict. I did manage to have two mimosas though. Yum.At the end of the meal, the sever brought me out a foil rose which I've attached and still have. Why can't all men be as sweet?In the end the food is phenomenal, the mimosas are exquisite and larger than the ones elsewhere, service is prompt and extremely friendly. I will be back again.
5	Not for the mexican food, but for the margaritas and the good service...plus the birthday dessert they treated me!!We were like 14 persons and everybody was happy! The guy that took our orders was very nice and efficient. I had their ajo shrimp...mmm very similar to "camarones al mojo de ajo" and it was good. The happy hour offers really tasty margaritas and the place is nicely decorated. Good choice to celebrate my birthday!
4	This is an awesome breakfast spot.  Never have a problem getting a table-usually opt for the bar tables.  The veggie omelets are great and loooove the rosemary potatoes.  They are not the ordinary breakfast potatoes that everyone else serves.  The eggs bene may be in my top 3 for best bene EVER!  Also great breakfast burritos!Full bar is a great plus but was disappointed by the bloody mary.  The mix may have been bad.  All in all love this place!!  Ask for specials not on the menu-the ribeye steak and eggs was a great quality meal for the price (12 or 13 bucks).  The guy server that makes the foil roses is one of the best servers.  In fact all the male servers have always provided great service-unfortunately not so much with the female servers i've had.  The last time it was a girl and she was nice but very unattentive.
4	Driving around today we got the munchies. Was looking for Jacquelines Market place, but didn't realize that it was renamed to Cafe Carumba about 5 years ago.I fought with the idea of having breakfast, but since I all ready ate breakfast, I settled on the appetizers.There were four of us so we all ordered appetizers: Tres Hummus Plate, Nachos in a bowl with tri-color chips, chicken quesadilla and chipotle southwest eggroll. That hit the spot. The Nachos in a Bowl and Southwest Egg rolls were a hit and the quesdilla and hummus plate were okay.The server was slow coming to our patio table, maybe it was because he or someone dropped a tray load of water glasses by the entrance to the patio...JOB OPENING. But, after that, he was very attentive.
4	So you just had a crazy night out in Old Town and you have to go pick up your car in the morning, so you head over to Cafe Carumba to refuel from a long night of a few too many adult beverages.Migas or Huevos Rancheros?  Maybe the French Toast or the Stuffed Croissant?  All are a delicious.The biggest issue I have with Cafe Carumba, is that the party always seems to keep coming.  You hit up a cup of coffee and then the mimosa festivals start to roll out from behind the bar.  You are sitting on the patio, and nothing seems better than a few glasses of champagne while hanging telling stories with a few friends about the night prior.Next thing you know, you are back at Cafe Carumba the next morning because Cafe Carumba turned into a few beers at Loco Patron on their patio, which turned into a few sake bombers on the patio at Stingray, and a few shots over at Saddle Ranch...I mean, this all could happen in theory...I'm a big fan of Cafe Carumba.  It's a great morning addition to the old town circuit.
3	Another new brunch place to cross off the list.  I took my best friend who was visiting from Chicago to Cafe Carumba one Sunday before climbing the treacherous Camelback Mountain, and we enjoyed ourselves.  The portions were just right, the prices were expected, and the service was nice and friendly.  No hashed browns on the menu, though, which was a little downer since they are a staple order item at weekly brunches.  I'm not sure what else to write.  It was not bad, not great.  It was good enough, and I could probably see myself returning there again at some point.  If you DO go, check out the pictures in the bathroom.  They are hilarious.
2	Swinging through here during a march through Old Scottsdale, it seemed like the perfect place to pick up a quick desert. As for the desert itself, that was acceptible: a brownie with ice cream on top. Nothing too exotic, but I thought that the brownie itself would be worth three stars.But lousy service drops this to two stars. It took a while to find a waiter and the one that I did was pretty bad. Despite there only being a few people here, it took a pretty long time for him to swing by for an order (15? 20 minutes?). When he did, in the middle of the order, he got distracted by one of his buddies who showed up and he wandered away. He actually only came back to deliver the bill; another server actually noticed his wandering and came by to apologize and take the order.I'd consider giving one star, but the food is respectible. Thus the average of one star service and three star food quality makes two. Realize that I'm considering the service one star based on a single server; other patrons, hopefully, may have a better experience if they got someone else.
3	Rosemary potatoes, FTW. I would go back just for a plate of those delicious potatoes. ....that's a lie. I'd probably have a drink too. Stopped in after grabbing some produce at OTFM on a Saturday morning. Lively crowd at 10:30 am. Comfortable bar, friendly service.I had the chorizo and we didn't like each other...so much that I missed a dinner date that night. :( 53.00 for a basic breakfast for two, 3 mimosas & one bloody mary.  Not cheap but not over the top either.
4	A group of 7 of us came by at 7 on a Friday night....and the place was empty! I am talking like maybe one or two other tables. We all ordered some food; tacos, pork green chile, nachos and salads....and I have to say, all were pretty decent and I felt that the pricing was reasonable.  All of the entrees came with a choice of 2 different sides, and they make some great homemade potato chips. I wouldn't describe this place as a Mexican restaurant, but more Southwest. Nobody had any complaints as far as the food went, the service was good, and the atmosphere was nice. So why was the place so empty????
2	Ran out of Malibu Rum and bartender got an attitude when I didn't want a substitute. Kinda ticked me off. Haven't been back there to drink. Good thing their breakfast is good and wait staff is decent. Otherwise, I'd go elsewhere.
4	One of my favorite Breakfast places!I have ordered the Eggs Benny, Florentine Omelet, The Migas, Huevos Rancheros and the Stuffed Bagel Sandwich...Everything i have had, i have enjoyed.The atmosphere here though is so great.  even if you are sitting inside-they make you feel like your in a latin street alley.  very cool.I also recommend their Soy Chai Latte (Best in town!).Enjoy!
5	Service was great! First time attending cafe carumba and our server Neuman made us feel very comfortable. Prompt service and the food was delicious! We will definitely be back!
5	I enjoyed the breakfast! Great service, and the patio is great.
2	I still don't know why I keep going back here... perhaps it's because Cafe Carumba seems like one of the only legit breakfast/brunch spots where a large group can meet to have mimosas on a Saturday morning. It's not the food that is the problem, it is the wait for your food. Recently I went here with a group of 8, we were seated on the patio for at least 10-15 minutes before the server made it to our table. He took our drink orders (even though we were ready to order food since we had enough time to read the menu 3 times front and back) and again we didn't see him for 10-15 minutes. Our drinks came and went yet our food and server were no where to be found. It was an hour before we finally ate. After the server put all our plates down he went to the table next to us who had been seated for about 10 minutes and said they would have to wait an hour for their food and he recommended they go somewhere else! I couldn't believe the waiter pretty much told them to leave! It was busy, but not out of the ordinary for a beautiful Saturday morning in Scottsdale. Unfortunately I don't think my opinion will persuade my group of friends to find a better brunch spot, so I will see you next Saturday.
3	Ok Ive eaten here twice now once before they expanded and again today.  I like the layout with the bar, outdoor seating and plenty of indoor space so you dont feel like people are piled on top of you like some breakfast joints.  My wife had the benedict with spinach and side of bacon which turned out to be the best part of her meal as she requested the eggs without runny whites which is basically what she received.  I was a little disappointed with the Huevos Rancheros the flavor was ok but nothing impressed me.  We ordered the Arizona Fire Corn because it sounded interesting and found the flavor to be good here however they charge $3.29 for a few tablespoons of this side; a little to proud if you ask me.  On a positive note our server was very good which helped the average food until our bill hit the table.  $41.50 and another $8.00 for tip we were out the door at $50 for two breakfasts, 2 Ice Teas and a couple of very small sides we wanted to try.  I like this place just dont love it but the location is great so what the heck maybe we'll give it another chance next time where in the area.
4	We came as a group for lunch.  Service was good, food was good, prices were fine.  An easy 4-star in my book.
5	Our server was Heath....he was quick, polite and never let our drinks dip below half full :)Thanks Heath! You rock!Jason, Brandon & Jen from sunday funday!
4	Mimosas are good, although a little small.  The 'you call it' drink menu wan't bad since anything you want is $5 a pop.  I had the Huevos Rancheros on a Sunday morning.  Place was busy, but I didn't have to wait to be seated.  I sat at the bar.  Staff was very attentive and food was very good, although presentation was a bit lacking.  Cool place, cool staff, cool crowd.  I'll be back.
4	They have $5 drinks!  Went for a business networking mixer and they had some food available buffet style for the function.  3 different hummus dips that were great and a really good guacamole too!
3	My wife and I were here early on a Tuesday evening.  They were mostly empty and we had our choice of their outdoor seating.  They had a large patio area kept comfortably cool despite the 105 temp outside.  Their happy hour specials were pretty amazing with $5 appetizers from a long list of options including their "Any alcoholic beverage for $5 in July" special.  The food was a little lacking in flavor consisting mostly of overly spicey-hot concoctions which was overwhelming.  This was true of the short-rack ribs (admittedly advertised as habanero rips) and the veggie tacos ordered by my wife.  Overall an unimpressive visit but I would definitely give it another try with some more selective ordering from their menu.
4	This is such a nice getaway from the pretentious, overpriced Old Town places crawling with posers. Hands down the best margarita in town. Nice happy hour with good drink specials. Overall, nice ambiance, good music and not too loud. The food is pretty good too. Good soups, nice apps, (tres hummus plate is very good - veggies instead of pita is a nice, healthy touch). Arizona fire corn is unique and delicious, and the sweet potato fries are a winner.For the entrees, if you like fish, the Pescado Veracruz is very flavorful. Also, the sonoran veggie wrap was good- but DRY, which is too bad because the sonoran sauce is delicious. Here is a hint:  you need to put it on the whole wrap, not just on the last bite! I must say I was looking forward to the Rocky Point Pizza and was a little disappointed. I expected shrimp on the pizza, not shrimp flavored puree. It was still good, but not special.Finally, this is just a nice place to chill out at the bar after a long day without obstreperous music and irritating patrons.
4	Interesting Menu, Delicious Food, Good Prices. Every at lunch today noted how fresh all the food tasted; and how quick our orders were delivered to the table.
4	So Sad!  I went to Cafe Carumba for the 1st time this weekend, and was VERY excited  to sit and the bar to drink and eat until my hearts content.But it didn't happen because the owners of Cafe Carumba decided they didn't need to pay rent.  There was a nasty note on the door from the property manager, and most of the things in the restaurant were cleaned out.    My only hope is that these guys will get their act together (and their finances) and open a new one.  Oh well, I got drunk anyways.
4	Great breakfast!
4	When I venture out to eat trying new places is always a gamble to me. Luckly I've had the luck on my sideI was in search of a place near me for some corned beef hash other then my norm. I stumbled across this place and I am glad I did. I of cource ordered their corned beef and it was most definitely a treat!Unlike most places, they serve theirs in big meat chunks. It was completly unexpected to me. Typically you think of corned beef hash of a mush kinda like what you'd get at US Egg or something. The meat had so much flavor and was extremely tender. After finishing what was on my plate I wanted more!The portion wasn't too big for the kind of appitate that I have. I'd still have to say that orange table wins the corn beef challenge in my opinion.
